do not disturb ... im disturbed enough already =D 

its not that im not a ppl person its that im not a stupid ppl person 
Jsem tak nuda 
upset i cant find my phone ... has to be in my messy bedroom tho so thats tomorrows project ... 
Well cleaned my room , still cant find the phone ... this could be quite an issue ... 
hoping that my phone comes tomorrow ... 
got the new phone need < PROPFIRST > !!! 
created a new facebook just for ppl to use as a neighbor/friend in apps 
IDK WHAT TO DO !!!! POSSIBLE SNOW HERE TOMORROW !!!! THATS TERRIBLE I HATE THE COLD BUT IVE NEVER SEEN SNOW COULD BE COOL ... 
Thanks everyone for all the happy birthday wishes !!!! =) 
Happy Birthday to me happy birthday to me lol only bout 3 more hours of this =) 
In twenty minutes itll be mine AND Brittanys Bdays nd we werent born on the same day !!! 1 lol I find it odd that this is possible =) 
Be loved but never love . Trip but never fall . To be broken is better than shattered . Tell him of your strength but never your past . Be trustworthy but never trust . 
You just have to live your life not caring what they think , shake off the drama , and prove to them you're better than they think you are . 
If by bitch you mean a confident strong and independent woman who speaks her mind and wont take your crap then you're right I am a bitch 
If you are brave , copy and paste this to your status , and see what people rate you . 1 ) Crazy , 2 ) I'd marry you , 3 ) talkative , 4 ) sarcastic , 5 ) loveable , 6 ) clubhead , 7 ) moody , 8 ) dumb , 9 ) spoiled , 10 ) mouthy , 11 ) random , 12 ) hot , 13 ) funny , 14 ) fit , 15 ) amazing , 16 ) beatuiful , 17 ) cute , 18 ) rude :) 
Tough girls come from New York , sweet girls from Alabama . But Florida girls , we have sunshine in our souls . Darlin , we can wrestle a gator , bait a hook , clean a fish , tan without burning , while eating grits at a fish fry . If we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it and if you don't like it -- well -- bless your he ... art anyhow ! I love being a Florida girl ! ( Repost if you're a True FloridaGirl ! ) 
Officaially have not had my phone a full 24 hours should probably charge it but have not slept so much ever I dont think !! 
JGSUOWEGHI 1 !! j ! ik ! hui ! giu ! giu !! iugo ! hioh ! iihi ! hpi ! h ! iohioh ! ioGHDWFIC ! \ 
\ 
YEP THAT KINDA WEEK . 
It's official I fly home Friday ! 
ROFL !! Changing the language of my facebook homepage to Pirate English was the best thing to happen today lol 
\100% ? No excuses ? \ " \ " Nope . \ " - There's always some excuse . " 
Back in Florida 
I want an easy button !! 
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fun stuff 
Thanks oh very much I LOVE bein lied to !! 
Back home . Job hunting tomorrow . 
Worst migraine EVER 
I love the way you lie . 
Stuck in my head !! : I've tried all I can imagine I've begged and pleaded in true lover's fashion I've got pride , I'm takin ' it for a ride Bye bye , bye bye my baby , bye bye 
Sleep so that I am refreshed for < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Hope everyone has a good night . 
Definitely will not be sleeping at all tonight ... or whats left of it . 
4:07 am nd wide awake ... should probably put my anger towards doing something productive nd calm down before typing ... 
Crazy how so much can change so fast ... 
wide awake ..... 
Disappointment is inevitable 
Night three of failed sleeping attempts 
Almost 5am yep night 5 of no sleep 
Watching Accepted ... HILARIOUS 
If you are unhappy and I am too how is this right ? \?" 
ugh not feeling well probably time to sleep lol 
Anyone have ideas for something to do tonight ???? 
Ugh drama . Thought you learned as a child that you are supposed to mind YOUR business , apparently some never learned that lesson . 
Thinking about boxing up those pictures of memorable days I dont want to think about anymore . Need to get outta the house too . 
One of my little brothers got his first write up today and has his first loose tooth Im so proud !! =) 
And I'm done hopin ' \ 
that we can work it out . \ 
I'm done with how it feels \ 
spinnin ' my wheels and \ 
lettin ' you drag my heart around . \ 
And oh ; and I'm done thinkin ' \ 
that you could ever change . \ 
I know my heart will never be the same \ 
but I'm tellin ' myself I'll be okay . \ 
Even on my weakest days \ 
I get a little bit stronger . 
3ish hours till i load everything for the move 
Mission Accomplished ! 
Missing my TX friends , glad ones coming to see me in a couple months ! =) 
Big changes ! 
Doesn't happen overnight but you turn around and a month's gone by and you realize you haven't cried . I'm not givin ' you an hour or a second or another minute longer . I'm busy gettin ' stronger . 
i wouldn´t wanna be in your shoes if they ever found you out you better be careful what you say it never really added up any way 
No , this ain't nothin ' like what I had in mind for me . But then again , the future , now , ain't what it used to be . 
Did I give my love too soon or wait too long ? Did I take it a little too easy , or put it on too strong ? She was lookin ' for love ; he was lookin ' for fun . Yeah , men an ' mascara always run . 
He said I was all he had ever needed . But love is blind an ' little did I know , You were just another dead end road , Made with pretty lies an ' broken dreams . 
All kinds of lyrics running through my head !!! 
R.I.P. Grandma hope you are dancing and smiling again in a happy place 
Getting ready for work then probably out again tonight =) 
Curious to see how everything will turn out . Things are looking good =) 
Serious case of the sniffles goin on but things are good =) Nice to have a visitor at work last night =) 
Off work today , errands done . Looking forward to later =) 
Like if you have had to deal with someone runnin their mouth to try and cause problems . Everyone has and this is not my first drama starter so you are not gonna phase me , find something better to do with your time . Thanks . 
Such a GREAT night !!! But time for some sleep !! =) 
Inbox only ! Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me , it will stay between us ! I promise . Post as your status and see what you get . 
Off to Tallahassee for the night !! Super excited ! =) 
Had a great time in Tallahassee . Fantastic weekend ! Back to work in a little bit . 
Headed into work till 12:30 then home to wrap the last of the presents . Sarcastic YAY to both !! 
Spent a little time with < PROPFIRST > today nd Gran came for her Xmas with us . Today was good . Doesnt feel like the holidays to me though ... Headed to bed soon then up early to bake some brownies . 
Cant sleeeeeeeepppp ............. 
Finally seeing that some things really do have to change and go completely wrong for you to appreciate how completely right things are when they get that way . You have to experience misery to know happiness . Very happy with things right now . =) 
Just got home from work , startin this Xmas with sleep !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
( Poke)-me if u ever had a crush on me and still do ... \ 
( Like)-this status if u think i am a good friend ... \ 
( Message)-me if u ever wanted a relationship with me ... \ 
( Comment)-on this if we have had good memories ... \ 
NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT THIS ON THEIR STATUS 
Just got off the phone with my baby . Feelin so sick but he still had me laughin nd smiling , cant wait to see him tomorrow ! 
My definition of early nd Justins are VERY different apparently . UGH . Headed to the doctors at 2 then who knows . 
Still not feelin terrific but glad the dr said its nothin contagious , went nd had a fun night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > nd < PROPFIRST > =) Ready for some sleep now ! 
I'm grateful for my family ! My mother's not perfect nd things have never been easy but shes ALWAYS done the best she can for us . Mom , I love you ! I don't appreciate ppl popping up after 18 years to start drama in my family nd being slanderous in an attempted vague way . Katie , you're becoming a mature adult nd you should be proud of that . You've always independently made your decisions , I hope it stays that way . 
I'M A BITCH ! .. Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who repost 
Drama , drama , drama .... GROW UP ! Thank you . 
Bout to bring Mom to < PROPFEMALE>'s then off to work till close ... Whoo SUPER exciting ! 
home again for the night nd again cant sleep ugh 
Workin on this same present/project for my mom for the past year and FINALLY almost finished , one piece to go !!!! I wish I wouldnt have procrastinated so much on it lol 
Thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday !! Just got those wishes but they were all greatly appreciated ! 
So confused and wish I knew what to do ... no ones choice but my own though ... 
