got in a traffic jam on his road to riches 

? ' \\????\\?= (•??)= ? / ???? /' ? ' ? ? 
hmm i love camp ... and i want second session to be here so i can go back for three weeks 
i love camp , camping is fun , potwashing is tiring and ima bout to take a looong nap :) 
hmmm i like fourth of july , and super syked for tomorrow !! 
home fromm white river .. cant wait till tomorrow 
so cap is over and im sad and i already am looking forward to next year ... ill try to stay out of azle as much as possible so i can < PROPFEMALE > with my west texas peeps !! :D 
i meant to put a \m\ " on cap as in camp " 
i dont feel very good ... theres alot on my big huge mind , txt me if u want to :/ 
wats up 
hmmmmm i like life 
i have no idea wat i should do today 
so ill be in lubbock tomorrow and thursday and i think friday too 
going to lbk today ... 
alright will do 
hanging in lubbock with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > lol 
sweet i love pizza :) 
so lubbock is super awesome !! and i love it ... txt me 
haha i need to eat 
going back to azle tomorrow and im sad ): 
im in west texas !! yayyy 
grr im getting off because nobody likes to talk to me .. :( txt me if u want to 
ok so the world is crazy and people are very dumb sometimes , im glad i am a sane person tht lives a normal lifestyle :) thts all i have to say 
i love music haha 
hmmm im thinking of getting a twitter and completely abusing it 
if u read this , u should txt me pronto . heh ! thts the first time ive ever typed pronto !! 
is hanging in west texas , i dont want to leave .. :( does anyone want a roomate tht lives in or near lubbock ?? cuz ill totally move in with you !! lol 
still up .. txt me !! 
my great grandmother is 99 today .. whoo ! birthday party !!! 
if anyone plays farmville please be my neighbor lol 
i still need neighbors on farmville , im desperate here ! 
haha i love this farmville game , its spiffy lol still need neighbors 
i got a guitar today :) 
grr i dont wana go to flippin hackin school !! 
actually , idk whats on my mind at the moment lol 
and i kno tht its so cliche to tell you tht everyday i spend with you is a new best day of my life ... haha relient k is super awesome !! 
i love to get on facebook 
watching mr happy face 
is at work with my dad :/ instead of going to a party ..... figures 
ugh im so freaking confused ... someone talk to me please 
bout to go to church 
hello world 
im at the lame lake of < PROPFIRST > roberts camping grr 
so i kno im sounding kinda myspacey right now , but people , you should totally comment my new pictures 
is chillin 
i dont even kn wat to put here ... blahh !! 
i finally got internet at my house !!! 
and i kno that its so cliche to talk about you this way .... Relient k is a good bad mood turn arounder :) 
I INVENTED THE PIANO KEY NECKTIE !! I INVENTED IT !!!! WAT HAVE YOU DONE < PROPMALE > ? NOTHING ! YOUVE GOT NOTTHHING !! NOOOOOTHIIIING ! AND I WILL BE A MONKEYS UNCLE IF I HAVE YOU RUIN THIS FOR ME !!! 
just because we have chizled abs ... and stunning features , doesnt mean that we too cant not die in a freak gasoline fight accident ! 
hmmm i smell cookies :p 
lame sunday .. i wana < PROPFEMALE > out with someone :/ 
today sucked . like badly 
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says \Not available in all states \"?" 
anybody kno of any funny movies tht are out on dvd ? 
< PROPFEMALE > im still looking for something to do today ... wow and i have no txts in my inbox , so feel free to txt me my friends 
is glad we dont have school tomorrw 
ugh today totally sucked ... 
so ima get off now and stuff , goodnight people 
sooo i got some new music , and i actually like it ... thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
so im really bored , so im thinking tht some people should talk to me so i wont be so bored 
< PROPFEMALE > tired , ughh 
the < PROPFEMALE > the pinta the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! nachos and lemon heads on my dads boat .. 
grrr homework is super lame 
lol this is the first ime ive actually done my homework this year 
< PROPFIRST > is one MOTHA of a copycat 
wel if you were a man id punch you ! id punch you right in the mouth !!! 
Brick where did you get a hand grenade ? I dont kno ... 
sooo walmart is the bomb fo shizzzile 
sooo transformer hands ... lets just say that they are ten times beter then hulk hands .. 
ok im in a situation , wat should be my facebook pic ? comment and tell me 
i just realized tht im kinda sad and idk why 
my notifications are being mean 
don’t you wish there were a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence ? There’s one marked ‘Brightness , ’ but it doesn’t work . 
im such a thrill seeker , I walk faster when i see a \catuion wet floor\ " sign " 
”the greatest thing about Facebook , is that you can quote something and totally make up the source . ” -The Cowardly Lion 
I can't really remember , but I think my life must have been a lot more productive before I discovered Facebook ... 
Police Begin Campaign to Run Down Jaywalkers 
showing up to school on time is like showing up to a party right as it starts : LAME . – Showing up 15 minutes late lets others know you have a life AND lets you make a great entrance all at the same time . Lets hope my teacher agrees 
’s favorite fruit is grapes . Because with grapes , you always get another < PROPMALE > . ‘Cause , you know , if you have a crappy apple or a peach , you’re stuck with that crappy piece of fruit . But if you have a crappy grape , no problem – just move on to the next . ‘Grapes : The Fruit of Hope . 
conforms to all the preconceived notions about pretty little light bulbs 
is bothered that we have to search for intelligent life OUT THERE !!! 
is inventing an inflatable dartboard 
says the economy is growing , productivity is high , trade is up , people are working . It's not as good as we'd like , but - and to the extent that we find weakness , we'll move . 
thinks that if < PROPMALE > Gates got a < PROPFEMALE > every time some version of Windows crashed , he'd be the richest man in the world . 
working all day , but at least i have something to look forward to sunday if i get it done :) 
likes fruit baskets because it gives you the ability to mail someone a piece of fruit without appearing insane . Like , if someone just mailed you an apple you'd be like ' Huh ? What the heck is this ? ' But if it's in a fruit basket you're like ' This is nice'! 
thinks that non-conformists are all alike 
is wondering : Since light travels faster than sound , is that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak ? 
someone send me a reindeer for my farm please 
new picture u like it ?? 
is hoping stuff works out tomorrow . 
so my new guitars is super awesome :) 
is wondering : What happens if you get scared half to death twice ? 
so im going to see a movie tonight :) 
is needing to be kissed . And often . And by someone who knows how . 
missed winning the lottery by only SIX < PROPFIRST > 
and is glad that at least the war on the environment is going well 
will refuse to recieve a present from a significant someone on their birthday :) 
is the beginning of a beautiful relationship 
is phoning home 
who invented bifocals ? < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! who ruled the british monarchy the longest ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! correct but you forgot to switch legs in between questions so no hopping bonus 
is saying NO to negativity 
isn't worried about the environment . It'll go away . 
can always tell when a politician is lying . His mouth moves . 
so im really in the mood to have a picnic now , but its too freaking cold :/ 
saturday will be my new favorite day if things go as planned :) 
is wondering : if you were going to shoot a mime , would you use a silencer ? 
is wondering why psychics have to ask for your name 
is an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie 
tonight was like the best ever ... 
is something completely different :) 
.. notices that when the best actors are chosen by other actors , it's called the Oscars . When the best actors are chosen by the people , it's called an election . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
i got a new phone !! 
today will be a good day i kno it for a fact :) 
I'm racking my brain for a new improved way To let you know , you're more to me than what I know how to say You're okay with the way this is going to be ' Cause this is going to be the best thing we've ever seen 
Dear Pringles , Now that I am no longer a child , I can no longer fit my hand inside your tube of deliciousness . Work on that . 
google \where is < PROPMALE > norris\ " then click im feeling lucky " 
Can’t wait until tomorrow , because I bet that you get more and more beautiful everyday . 
got a haircut ......................................... i hate it :( 
You must have fallen from the sky You must have shattered on the runway 
is thinking that it's time for the human race to enter the solar system 
says : \What would Scooby do ? \"" 
used to play sports . Then he realized you can buy trophies . Now he's good at everything . 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow im leaving and ill be gone for two weeks ima be sad :( but ill be back next sunday :) 
ready to go home and see people already ... :( 
so today i mopped a floor with TWO mops ... but thats not even the best part guess what the mood music was : eye of the tiger haha 
Rise up and take the power back , it's time that The fat cats had a heart attack , you know that Their time is coming to an end We have to unify and watch our flag ascend 
They will not force us They will stop degrading us They will not control us We will be victorious 
< PROPFIRST > Fisher has got me into the todies mood now haha 
knows that money doesn't buy happiness . But poverty doesn't buy anything ! 
\hey wats that song about the grandma getting ran over by a reindeer ? \ " \ " Ummmm grandma got ranover by a reindeer ? \ " \ " noooooo ..... \"" 
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die , your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck . 
is A fellow with the inventiveness of < PROPFIRST > Einstien , but with the attention span of Daffy Duck . 
dear world shut up with the < PROPFIRST > leach crap i dont even know who that is and football is lame so nobody cares :) 
loves his country . It's the government he's afraid of . :) 
I have no plans at all on new years .... Greeeeat .... 
I love how nobody at all Would hangout with me today .. Happy freaking new year ... Screw this . 
I guess i already know the answer to this , but , does anyone want to see me today ? 
Once again . No plans . Surprising huh ? Anybody want to hangout ? 
Take you to Winnipeg , THATS IN CANADA ? 
oooo ten points to dumbeldore ! 
is thankful we’re not getting all the government we’re paying for 
is doubtful about global warming . It isn't pollution that's harming the environment , it's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it . 
is exercising backwards ; he calls it dyslexercise . 
is officially nervous ... 
ok so my facebook is randomly becoming a fan of things 
always remembers that he is unique , just like everybody else . 
doesn't believe in superstition . It brings bad luck . 
is inventing a pedal-powered wheelchair 
is wondering : if scientists are so clever , what is the speed of dark ? 
is thinking inside the box because too many people are thinking outside the box 
' s theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare 
is Canadian . It's like being American , only without the gun . 
is inventing powdered water 
is wondering : Why does the sun come out during the day , when it would be so much more useful if it came out at night when it was dark ? 
is writing a book on how to read 
< PROPMALE > is the reason < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is hiding 
thinks that the < PROPFIRST > pool could use a little chlorine 
is on a 30 day diet , so far hes lost 15 days . 
is with < PROPFEMALE > in the Sky of Diamonds 
is inventing waterpoof aspirin 
is being kidnapped by K-Mart 
suports publik edjicashun 
For mad scientists who keep brains in jars , here's a tip : Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar , for freshness . 
I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar , because then , yahoo !, I'd have all my money back . 
I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver . And since he's so busy , you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him . \ " , 201 0-0 1-23 03:36:09 " 
When you're going up the stairs and you take a step , kick the other leg up high behind you to keep people from following too close . 
You know how to paint a room real fast ? Just put paint rollers on your feet and somehow figure out how to skate up the walls and across the ceiling . 
If there's ever an amusement park called Bag World , I bet it would really start to annoy you after a while how they really sort of stretch the definition of ' bag . ' 
If I ever opened a trampoline store , I don't think I'd call it Trampo-Land , because you might think it was a store for tramps , which is not the impression we are trying to convey with our store . On the other hand , we would not prohibit tramps from browsing , or testing the trampolines , unless a tramp's gyrations seemed to be getting out of control . 
So girlfriend is sick ... lets hope it doesnt last till saturday 
so ... girlfriend is STILL sick lets , once again , hope it doesnt last till saturday 
Instead of a Seeing Eye dog , what about a gun ? It's cheaper than a dog , plus if you walk around shooting all the time people are going to get out of the way . Cars , too ! 
grounded for a week 
being grounded sucks ... i miss my phone 
aw no fair i wanna look like a celebrity ! :( 
day three of the worst week ever . all ive done for the past three days is go to school , go home and sleep untill i get to get on the phone for 15 mins :( 
dear girlfriend , i miss you too 
my mom just said i looked pale and sick , so shes scheduling a doctors appointment ? gay 
Instead of putting a quarter under a kid's pillow when he loses a tooth , how about a pinecone ? That way , he learns that ' wishing ' isn't going to save our national forests . 
finally im ungrounded and i get to get my phone back and see my girlfriend . its about time , that was terrible 
is waiting untill its four thirty 
Hey im < PROPFIRST > bernstein and you want to lose weight . why ? BECAUSE YOUR FAT !! haha 
If I was being executed by injection , I'd clean up my cell real neat . Then , when they came to get me , I'd say , ' Injection ? I thought you said `inspection ' . ' They'd probably feel real bad , and maybe I could get out of it . 
If you make ships in a bottle , I bet the thing that really makes your heart sink is when you look in , and there at the wheel is Captain Termite . 
going to < PROPFIRST > , then im going to west texas till thursday 
IM GOING HOME !!! yayyyy :) 
im home ! yay im so excited 
not the happiest right now . and im also sick so my day kinda sucks 
so my medicine is starting to wear off and im starting to feel terrible again , and thats just gonna put me in a bad mood like it did last time :/ 
still feels bad , my throat still hurts , :( 
I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets , because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it . 
by the beard .... 
well everything is in it's place and i cant stop the smile on my face cause im happy , im happy in this place 
I think a good novel would be where a bunch of men on a ship are looking for a whale . They look and look , but you know what ? They never find him . And you know why they never find him ? It doesn't say . The book leaves it up to you , the reader , to decide . Then , at the very end , there's a < PROPFEMALE > you can lick and it tastes like Kool-Aid . 
Guess what ? I have flaws . What are they ? Oh I donno , I sing in the shower ? Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering . Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car . So < PROPFEMALE > me -- no , don't < PROPFEMALE > me . That is opposite the point I'm trying to make . 
wearing my snuggie ! this thing will probably never get old :) 
does anyone have a formspring ? if so tell me your username so i can add you 
THE OFFICE IS ON !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > thats where i saw that deer last week 
not in the best mood right now ... at all 
last night sucked . today will be a whoole lot better :) 
good day :) im in a better mood now 
If you ever go temporarily insane , don't shoot somebody , like a lot of people do . Instead , try to get some weeding done , because you'd really be surprised . 
im downloading songs and i realized that i dont really have alot of songs to jam to so i need suggestions for songs to jam to 
has one amazing girlfriend . shes the best :) 
i hope my girlfriend feels better soon :/ 
everyone loves facebook status wars . :) 
wooow facebook just told me that i have reached a limit on fan pages . is that possible ? i guess so 
has an amazing girlfriend named < PROPFIRST > Dugan :) 
loves his girlfriend :) 
scratch here : ?????????????? to reveal today’s status . 
my grandparents finally have wifi internet . im so happy that i csan finally use a laptop and i dont have to sit in front of the freaking desktop 
is watching aladdin , and i must say , < PROPFEMALE > is my favorite disney < PROPFEMALE > . next to < PROPFIRST > of course .... 
ahahhahhahahhhah ! im watching cops and they saw smoke from a neighborhood and this cop thought the wrong house was on fire and he started busting out all these windows to ventalate a house that wasnt on fire 
guess who doesnt have school untill thursday ? this guy !! 
loves his girlfriend . :) 
the office is on 
I wish there was a disease where you're afraid of clouds , because I think I could cure it . First , you sit the patient down and have a long personal talk . After that , I'm not sure , but maybe you could throw some water in his face or something . 
I wish my name was < PROPMALE > , because then I could say , ' Yes , my name's < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > Newman . ' Oh , also I wish my last name was Newman . \ " , 201 0-0 3-30 23:39:08 " 
not in a very good mood ... :/ not feeling to well either ... 
Egg hunt tomorrow with my girlfriend ! :) haha im excited !! 
Had an amazing time with my girlfriend for Easter today :) 
I swear , I swear I'll go , Lead me into my home , Don't stop don't ever go , I swear you'll never know 
Internet is down . I sent a mass Txt informing everyone that i will not be on the internet today just because i was bored 
On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute . So thats why sonic is so fast .... 
It's like we stop time . What can I do ? We've all got our junk , and my junk is you .. 
Im bored .. Someone call me 
Is watching the beggining to saving private < PROPFIRST > . 
Really gets mad when people start Crap thats completely untrue ... 
Silversun pickups are my official favorite band 
So bongo , bongo , bongo , I don't wanna leave the Congo , oh no no no no no . Bingo , bangle , bungle , I'm so happy in the jungle , I refuse to go 
I know you've heard it before , But then it wasn't enough , You don't wanna be held back from the substitution 
listening to phoenix . 
to get kicked out of walmart number seven : Go into the dressing room , wait a few minutes , then yell \THERES NO TOILET PAPER IN HERE !! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > is black and im gay , we make a good culture . Yes . Im watching glee , dont judge 
no , no water , rabies causes fear of water .. - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , i love the office 
guess whos in abilene . this guy 
Urban Dictionary : Gleeks - Fans of the TV show Glee , which first aired in May 2009 . 
5 months today :) 
I dont cry when my dog runs away , i dont get angry at the bills i have to pay . 
you should totally watch my videos on my profile 
Marijuana interferes with shor t-t erm memory so that users forget what they just said or did . Not only that , marijuana interferes with shor t-t erm memory so that users forget what they just said or did ... totally going in my research paper . 
you know the nazi's had pieces of flair \ 
they made the jews wear - office space 
I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a \ 
warlike , vicious people , because I bet a lot of high schools would pick \ 
' Americans ' as their mascot . 
Just bought some nike shox . Its been over a year since ive worn anything but skate shoes . Im officially getting out if the skater style 
So what made super < PROPFIRST > bros three was .. The < PROPFEMALE > worlds . This my friends is not true . < PROPFIRST > bros three doesnt not have < PROPFEMALE > worlds . Glee is officially . Wrong 
Me-I love you . Shannon-I love you too ... Me-What ? Shannon-i love you too ... Me-What ? Shannon-STOOOP ! i love my girlfriend :) 
If you want to view paradise , Simply look around\ 
and view it , Anything you want to , do it , Wanta change the world ? \ 
There's nothing .. To it 
has one amazing gilfriend . :) 
best . glee . ever . safety dance ! :) 
gotta secret room upstairs .... like letterman . 
http://www.formspring.me/mikecarr1 
loves his girlfriend , < PROPFIRST > Dugan :) 
just played and beat < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s punch out on the NES , the mr. dream version on the wii , and the remake of punch out that came out a month ago for the wii . which one was the hardest ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s punch out for the NES for sure ... 
Hahaha . this will totally get < PROPFIRST > pattinson's attention . I love glee 
ah ! i just relized that < PROPFIRST > galaxy 2 is out . i didnt get it at midnight :( sad day 
< PROPMALE > !... he's always , just , around ... 
yep . its official , this glee is my favorite glee . 
just told my girlfriend a bedtime story untill she fell asleep ... now , when do i pick up my \Best Boyfriend Ever\ " award ? " 
I now officially have my permit , now i just have to wait untill november to get my real license 
Guess whos been dating my amazing girlfriend , < PROPFIRST > for half a year today ?! This guy . six months :) 
going to bed soon , but its not like im going to fall asleep anyway .. :/ 
............. 
................................. 
Why do i screw everything up ?... 
Tucker : what are these ? Me : shape ups ... Tucker : oh yeah ! Those are the things that help your butt or whatever 
.... Of course tonight would be the night where i cant sleep .... :\\ 
sitting at home , nowhere to go , nobody to see , and nobody to talk to ... today sucks ... 
theres only one creature capable of leaving a foot print that size .............. the abomitable snowman ... 
Between the salt water \ 
And the sea strand\ 
Then she'll be a true love of mine 
Vampire weekend . 
crap week has officially flowed into this new week ... i dont like crap weeks ... 
talkin trash to the garbage around you , na na nananananaaaaaa 
ugh . today sucked . and nobody will talk to me ... 
is bored , summer isnt very fun this year ... :/ 
uploading a new Crump Chumpz , TWO new Crump Chumpz ... 
You know i get hooked up with beck . All day . 
Hey tucker has friends ! 
Actually scratch that , facebook is his only friend 
WAVE YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR IF YOU FEEL FIINE !! Were gonna take it into overtime , welcome to the space jam ..... so what movie am i watching ? 
Robot Unicorn Attack ... nuff said 
so ive been playing the same intternet game all day , im gonna have \ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > OH YEAH ! \ " stuck in my head till im thirty five now .... " 
Like stars burning holes right through the dark ... 
just got back from camp ... my arms look like i have chickn pox . its not fun 
its go skate day ... i dont skate anymore .. :/ eh oh well . have fun skaters ! 
1st person to like this , your last name becomes mine for \ 
tonight 
It sucks when you cant say what you feel like saying . 
Ive decided . Corn pops commercials are the best . Period . The end . Game over . 
The only thing worse than having a party that no one attends is having a party attended only by two vastly , deeply uninteresting people . I like this book 
Me : whats jorjes first name ? Tucker : < PROPFEMALE > . My mom : like the desert ? Me : thats the Sahara mom ... 
so guess who is going to a musical tonight ?... I am . < PROPFIRST > Carr is going to a musical haha 
Radiohead . The end . 
Id walk through hell for you ... 
you are always trying to keep it real , im in love with how you feel , i dont see what anyone can see in anyone else ... but you . 
Is really ready to go home right now 
shock me like an electric eel ! 
Vampire weekend is being sued !?!? Wow . 
Is watching < PROPFIRST > jacksons this is it . 
hook me up with some of thaaat .. silversun pickups :) 
Ive taken a nap tiree days in a row ... Whats wrong with me .? I never take naps 
wow ... i feel awkward ... 
very potter sequel :) 
like < PROPFEMALE > crocker OOO !! 
Saw her in the amazon , with the voltage runnin through her skin . 
headed home today .. ive never been so happy in my life 
Just bought \the perks of being a wallflower\ " and is reading it at the moment " 
Eight months today :) 
Is going home from the worst place in the entire world today ! :) yayy !!! Im so excited 
sooo The XX is going to be in < PROPFIRST > in october and i really want to go to the concert . anybody want to buy me a ticket ? :) 
And we yell , \ 
ahh like a good old fashion nightmare . 
Wow . I just realized this is the first time ive slept im my bed since the last day of school ... Ive missed you bed .. 
is bored and wants something to do ... whos not busy ?? 
oh ohhh what are you waiting for , take a bite of my heart tonight . 
So , this is my life . And I want\ 
you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure\ 
out how that could be .. 
i got to see my grlfriend tomorrow !! :) yayy ! im excited 
Sing for the laugh and sing for the tear 
Geez , Banana ! Shut your freakin ' gob !.. haha i love this movie 
Took some work , but i have now officially hacked my wii 
So im pretty sure that i have a man crush on doctor house . No homo 
Is watching pulp fiction . 
My great grandmother is one hundred years old today . That's pretty legit 
its a zeppelin kind of day 
Just killed a black widow that was crawling on my leg .... 
Yeah we the monstars !! M.O.N !..... uhhh ... 
There is a meteor shower tonight ! Im definatley going somewhere dark so i can actually see it . Im excited ! 
Vampire Weekend for tonight . :D 
Don't slow down in east < PROPMALE > or you'll die 
What\ 
do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over ? Doughnuts ! 
You freaking morbid !! - < PROPFIRST > Myatt 
High above the mucky muck , castle made of clouds , there sits wonderboy sitting oh so proudly , not much to say than youre high above the mucky muck ... 
12:29 = best time to make and eat a sandwhich 
i need a new Legend of < PROPFEMALE > to play . Why do i have to wait untill next year ! :( 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Campbell for correcting me , I am growing very FOND of tumblr . 
Somedays just aint so easy . - Audioslave 
Im so bored . haha i need more friends ! 
So when the boss in < PROPFEMALE > is a frog . It makes me feel really really good when i kill it , because , i hate frogs . With an intense passion .... They scare me 
Im getting a haircut tomorrow ... 
its an ancient Chinese < PROPMALE > , and everybody knew their p < PROPMALE > . 
Tucker eagle is the only person i know , who will actually look up , and play family feud online ..... 
I feel really happy ! :) 
Nine months ! :) 
plug it in and change the world , you are my electric girl . 
i hate this ..... 
Has never been more happy than he has been recently :) 
I just made some ammmaaazing vanilla pudding . haha 
I get knocked down , but i get up again . 
Cause your friends dont dance and if they dont dance , then the're no friends of mine . 
I just got < PROPMALE > potter silly bands . :) 
Folks , i'd like to sing about the american dream . About me . About you . 
wants to go to the university of baltimore . 
Is definatley watching sonic X 
Alright boys , set the terror level at code brown , cause i need to change my pants . - < PROPFIRST > coblert 
so ive decided that i want to be a massage therapist when i get older . 
Glee starts a week from today . can you say excited ? 
just now successfully lit the stove without matches , or paper towels ... < PROPFIRST > Campbell taught me how 
you know that smell when you open a can of wet dog food ? Well , if you know that smell , you will probably figure out why i just threw up . 
if you dont want gay < PROPFIRST > donahew in azle . do NOT txt that number . if he comes here . Im skipping . end of story . 
loves his amazing girlfriend . a lot 
Cause maybe , youre gonna be the one that saves me . 
Pincher crabs that pinch at your sandals . 
i dont think i would want to have a sing off in a bathroom with a random foreign exchanged student , but thats just me . 
THE BEAST IS LOOSE !!!! 
I . Am . Baaad . I said I Am baaad , Ima bad man ! 
Why am i at the football game ? oh yeah , Tucker is my only friend 
Dont you see that this whole world is my stage , and i must perfom to the best of my abilities 
( insert ) Generic status about being tired . 
Minds are like parachutes , they stop working if you poke a bynch of holes in them 
we took prescription drugs but look how much good that did well I think I had a point , but I just got distracted . 
the glee afro guy makes me a little uncomfortable ... 
Finn can fly !? 
Ten months with my wonderful girlfriend :) 
My girlfriend just made a rule that i cant play with knives ever again . sad day . 
I really need to get back to hogwarts , or maybe pigfarts . Nahh , hogwarts is better 
I love my girlfriend , very very much . 
Is at red < PROPFIRST > !!! 
feels like taking a shower , just so he can sing openly and not feel weird about it . :D 
Random piano guy !! Ahhh !!! I love that guy ! 
The Beatles ? i think so ! :) 
Finn just ate a like four day old sand which half . i hope he realized that ... 
< PROPFIRST > used to play < PROPFEMALE > gi oh ... My own girlfriend used to play < PROPFEMALE > gi oh ... I didnt even go to the level of nerdness 
Oh , add runescape to the nerd games that < PROPFIRST > played list 
I LOVE THE GOOGLE LOGO TODAY ! 
guess who left homecoming early because its dumb and pointless ? me ! my girlfriend is the best :) 
Got any grapes 
Truth is ?... if it doesnt get out of hand ... 
I'd look psychotic in a balaclava 
Going to six flags with the amazing girlfriend .......... and tucker , he's ...... okay-ish 
I dont believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now . 
FALLOUT TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cause you might get run over , or you might get . Shot 
You shouldn't confuse the confused , because they're already confused . If you confuse the confused , things just get confusing ... 
BOOOOO RANGERS !! and sports . yay . 
Cause ill tell you everything about , livin free . 
Loves his girlfriend , very very much :) 
Id walk through hell for you . 
Yayy rangers lost ! Whoo ! Boo baseball 
Watching the breakfast club 
Has been with his amazing girlfriend for eleven months today :) 
I love halloween with my girlfriend :) 
Ain't got time < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Shellam 
Remember remember the 5th of november . the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot ... 
didnt sleep last night .. 
Not one word has come out of my mouth today ... Not . one . word .. 
I hate being uninformed ... 
why wasuhh ?? 
Chillin at tuckers house . There is nothing to do ... 
Americas cutest cat 2010 ... Im definatley not watching that as we speak 
What an eventful day ...... 
Gets his license in six days . 
So everyone should come to < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland at the high school this weekend . it will be worth it . period . 
7:00 . be at the high school for < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . You'll thank me later .. 
Tonight . 7:00 be at the high school . It will be worth it :D 
what did i get myself into .. im retarded 
< PROPFEMALE > in wonderland . 2:00 be there .... Please 
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand . 
Is getting his license today . 
chillin with some peeps . hook me up 
That party last night was awfully crazy , i wish we taped it . 
IM BEING STALKED !!!!!! LITERALLY 
ATTENTION EVERYONE ... I HATE Tucker Eagle . THAT IS ALL 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !............ \ 
Oh wait .. its Thanksgiving . \ 
PUT YOUR CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS UP TILL THANKSGIVING IS OVER !!! 
I need everyones Gamertag please 
My dad just said \aint got time \"" 
is buying an xbox at 5 in the morning 
Got the xbox ... havent slept ... at all :} 
Four months of xbox live for free ? I think so . Walmart . You are easy to hustle 
today could of been the best day ever ....... It wasn't ... 
Im passionate about this , I'm the same way with The Beatles , < PROPMALE > Potter , and < PROPMALE > Hanks - Ceslee Southers 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Cheyne MORE THAN ANYTHING . I officially have my euros . >:) Watch out < PROPFEMALE > Denison 
I like where we are . Here 
There gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you . 
Birthday tomorrow . hook . me . up . 
Is 17 today . And will be legal to drive in about two more hours :) 
Is now a legal driver 
Best birthday ever . You guys are amazing . thank you Ceslee Southers , Kellsey Kuhn , < PROPFIRST > Blankenship , and people i cant tag because im not facebook frienda with you yet , haha 
And im only gonna pierce my left ear , and ive been working on this mustache all summer long . 
I love being \that guy \"" 
I have seen the others , and i have discovered , that the fight is not worth fighting . 
Road trip to happy texas ? I think so 
Ooooo if tumblr keeps this nonsense going im going to go insane 
At main event . Hook me up 
Puff the magic dragon ? I got time 
Is not okay . At all 
I feel Like < PROPFIRST > Campbell . I've gotten into the habit of just clicking \like\ " .... This isn't good . " 
Xbox live with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Call of duty online with < PROPFEMALE > ? Hook me up :) haha 
I think i have a new obsession with ninja turtles . Hook me up 
So my sister said that if i make it all the way to lubbock without saying a catchphrase i get twenty dollars . Ive already lost ten dollars ($5 off every phrase ) 
Today will be a great day :) 
\You got dropped like a BK burger !!! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Cheyne " 
I'd walk through Hell for you .. 
Going to < PROPFIRST > today with my sister . Hook me up ! 
In < PROPFIRST > with < PROPMALE > . Having GPS problems . Today will be an adventure !! :) 
Urban outfitters ? I got time . 
\Its raining now ... We're definately getting mugged tonight .. \ " - < PROPMALE > Myatt " 
Man what an adventure I had last night . 
\but .... I aint got time for that . \ " -My sister " 
does anybody want to hangout today ?.. anybody .? 
So i heard that the school was on fire ?? 
And another one comes down . Let your love grow tall . 
This is our decision , to live fast and die young . 
The Sims 3 has a choice for indie music on the stereos . Life made . 
With < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pyle , hook me up !!! 
If anyone is awake , they should text me 
\Please dont kill me ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > playing call of duty . :) " 
We're fated to pretend . 
\You do look hot in that picture\ " - < PROPFEMALE > :) " 
Im on facebook at school :) whoooo !!! 
BYE ! 
I ain't got time for this 
Hook me up ! 
Ill follow you and you'll follow me . 
50 nuggets for free ?? 
So im playing < PROPFIRST > galaxy 2 and when bowser captured the < PROPFEMALE > he said . \maybe ill have peach bake ME something for once . \ " life . Made . " 
It's difficult to win unless you're bored , \ 
And you might have to plan for the weekend wars 
Just gave his computer a makeover . Yeah , He's that cool 
I rock my hat to the side like I paint pictures 
Before I die , I wanna have a party with fake alchohol .. and see how many people act wasted . 
I just walked from my house to mcdonalds with tucker . Yeah . Mcdoubles are THAT good . Navajo . 
Day three of the snow adventures . Hook me up 
Almost died today . Literally .... I fell in a creek where the water was above my head . I had to kick through the water to get back to the land . Go big or go home . 
Day 4 of adventures . Hook me up . Hopefully it wont get cut short because of a a near death experience ... 
I need I new 3 month Xbox Live card ... I don't have twenty dollars though . Boo . 
But I'm a human , not a sandwich . 
Truth is ? 
\I want her life to like . Ruin\ " -Tucker " 
HAHA , GOT YOU GOOD ! There is no way I'm going to do truth is . 
YEAH ! GO DOLPHINS !! WHOOOO !! 
You know you have the best girlfriend when she would rather watch the bachelor than call and talk . 
You know have the best girlfriend when she buys you dead space two :) 
And that's the truth !. With some cheese on it !! 
You know I get that new music fo free ! Thanks dude . BYE !! 
I know there's trees I know there's sand and I know there's grass , \ 
I know it's somewhere in the past . 
Is definitely watching < PROPMALE > potter and the deathly hallows fo free on his Ipod 
Watching Aladdin . Cause I'm a bad man 
Tucker is about to go swimming 
Nuttella tastes like unicorn poop :) 
If anybody wants to buy my paintball gun , I'm selling it . Comment or message me for details . 
I want a parrot ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Brewer . Come back to Azle . I HAVE NOTHING TO DO IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD ANYMORE . EVERYONE LEFT ME !!!! 
Yesterday was Thursday . Today it is Friday . We , we , so excited . We so excited . We gonna have a ball today . 
Playing Xbox with my lovely girlfriend :) 
My house is flooded . No partying for me on Friday 
Nobody knows you the way you know you , But I think I do . 
WHY WON'T MY TUMBLR WORK !!!??? 
I don't wanna waste my time . Become another casualty of society 
Whatever happens to you , Whatever happens to me , I hope that I'll fall asleep , Knowing that you'll always be , The story with no ending .. 
Oh BYE !! 
