If I could reach up and hold a < PROPFEMALE > for every time that you've made me smile , the entire sky would be in the palm of my hand . 

i just saw a dog standing on the tool box in the back of a truck at a stop light and as soon as the light turned green the driver took off and the dog was slamed into the truck bed because his leash was tied to the truck he coulde't move and it broke my heart . 
im happy for the half day tommorow ! 
tonight is the football game and it's the first time i've been to a game since 7th grade ! 
YAY !!!! WE WON !!!... i think ? 
2 extra days off to sleep ! What more can a girl ask for ! 
tired .... simply tired . 
is bogged down by the amount of stuff that needs to be done this week . 
is finaly done with the rough draft for english !! YAY sleepy time !!!! 
red gatorade hahaha ! 
Fall Festival tommorow ! Can't wait to put someone in jail !!!! 
YAY !!! Today we party !!! 
is officaly NOT going into a child related profession after working at the fall festival jail cell booth for 5 hors straight ! Kids will now give me nightmares !!! STARTING TONIGHT !!! 
is officaly NOT !!! going into a child related profession after working at the fall festival jail cell for 5 hours straight ! Kids will now give me nightmares !!! STARTING TONIGHT ! If i come into school on monday super tired thats why !!! 
had a nightmare in which < PROPMALE > and his little friend < PROPMALE > were kicking me screaming WE ESCAPED !!! WE ESCAPED !!! horrible ! 
TIRED ! TIRED ! TIRED ! TIRED ! TIRED ... did i mentio i am tired ? 
I wanna watch Kids Next Door ! Soooooooo awesome ! 
English test tommorow and i am totaly not ready !!! 
FRIDAY !!!! yay sleeeeep .... zzzzzzz 
just spent the last 2 days playing video games and eating pizza nonstop !!! 
is tired 
I GOT MY SMOOTHIE !!!!! 
tired 
soooooo who won ? 
My < PROPFEMALE > name is Faylinn Leaf Autumn Biddleboon . Whats yours ? 
is sipping hot chocolate by a warm fire and feeling sleepy . 
it's kinda cold ... kinda 
Okay now i'm cold ... That should not be allowed . Dear God Please make up your mind with this crazy weather we are having . Sincerly < PROPFEMALE > 
It is 10:34 at nigh and there is a cow mooing in the feild behind my house ... Moo 
Game Tonight !!!!! 
Here is a list of some of the phobias that really exist . Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia- Fear of the number 666 . Didaskaleinophobia- Fear of going to school . Consecotaleophobia- Fear of chopsticks . Caligynephobia- Fear of beautiful women . Bibliophobia- Fear of books . Aulophobia- Fear of flutes . Arachibutyrophobia- Fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth . Porphyrophobia- Fear of the color purple . 
is sick and tired . 
i'm good 
Just finished my English research paper rough draft nnow begining research for my government research paper due this friday . Uggggghhhhh . Just shoot me now ! 
tonight i'll be done with my research paper and i'll be done with working for the next week . < PROPMALE > Potter comes out tommorow !! 
Can you believe that we have our english final next friday !! I'm starting to PANIC !!!! I don't want to be kicked out of english into mr. < PROPMALE>' english class where there are NO GIRLS !!! That will be 2 classes where i'll be by myself ! 
I'm ready to PARTY !!! 
I'm going to die !!!!!!!! If I don't show up tommorow you know my brain exploded from all the information i need to learn in 1 NIGHT !!!!!!!!! 
I'm good now 
I slepped all day ... so i'm good now 
have to get up at 5:30 int the morning to get on a plane to FLORIDA !!! The only downside is that it is even colder there than it is here ... 
I'm having a crumy day . Got to florida at 4 that's < PROPMALE > most 12 hours of travel and it turns out that some of my suit case melted from being on a luggage cart on the back of my mom's car to the airport and it turns out that it melted part of my < PROPMALE > l time favorite slippers . and worst of < PROPMALE > l WE'RE NOT GOING TO DISNEY WORLD !!!!! 
tommorow i'm uploading the pictures i tokk of < PROPMALE > potter world ! it was amazing though i am mad that there was hogsmead but only 3 of the buildings were actually stores the rest were just props ! i mean wht's up with that to build a small town ut you can't go in them ?! buy the way pumpkin juice is AMAZING !!!!! but i didn't like the butterbeer . 
I'm HOME WAHHHHHOOOOOO !!! Sleepy ... 
Have to go to the dentist tommorow ... ONLY 4 DAYS TIL CHRISTMAS !!!!! 
Just saw Tangled for the second time with < PROPFIRST > Garcia ! I Love that movie ! 
just learned how to do the heart thing ... <3 
For one so small , \ 
you seem so strong\ 
My arms will hold you , \ 
keep you safe and warm\ 
This bond between us\ 
Can't be broken\ 
I will be here\ 
Don't you cry \ 
\ 
' Cause you'll be in my heart\ 
Yes , you'll be in my heart\ 
From this day on\ 
Now and forever more 
Taking my final tommorow ! I'll be the only student in school ... woah ! 
I feel like a loser ... 
the forecast for tommorow is SNOW !!! 
about that whole snow thing ... nevermind disregard it 
I'm tired 
i might have strepp ... that sucks 
I have Bronchitis .... boo 
YAY i'm cured ! 
Guess wha guess what ! I found my prom dress !!!!! 
I'm tired ... yeah 
School is closed fpr the day YAY ! Hey ... I rhymed ! 
grabed the wrong notebook for english so i can't study !!! I'm gonna fail ! 
As soon as i said \hey\ " your status offlined ... should i be offended ? " 
My dad is not going to let me go to school until ten tommorow even if TCA isn't delayed ! 
Who do you like better SUPERMAN or Batman ? Leave a comment ! 
I got a new computer ! 
I just finished writing the rough draft for my research paper in English and copied down all the notes i needed for my Principles of Technology research paper due Friday .... I am TIRED !!!! 
have a < PROPMALE > headache ... boo 
