got a new car ! Infinity G35 

back in oregon , I just can't seem to get away ! 
going going back to back to cali cali 
in the vally tonight 
I have no plans yet . What am I doing tonight !?! 
I think I have decided to at least write at least one comment a day on Facebook now . I know , I know < PROPFIRST > actually replying to ppl . we will see how long this last . 
going to bed . Another long day tomorrow starting between 2:30 and 3 AM depend how much I hit Snooze . 
Happy Easter everyone ! Thank you for all the birthday wishes , much appreciated . 
I'm still full from easter 
Booooored 
. . . . . . . . . Really bored 
\What's a brownie ? Is it brown ? \ " < PROPFIRST > Farfan . What kid doesn't know what a brownie is ? " 
I'm back in the valley 
Ok back home now , the valley was fun , body hurts , stupid basketball , over rated . ( Maybe cause I lost 4 games . ) Happy 50th dad . Back in paradise X 10 . Goodnight 
Oh see u soon work ! 
bad day 
Wants to be anywhere but here ! 
Wow I'm really going to misss paradise . It was something special , and now moving on , just not soon enough . 
Man , I can't sleep ! I don't if its the heat those danm red bulls or what I just know I gotta get up in the morning and it ain't gonna be fun . 
Ok I can make it only half the day to go 
Done with a long week of work , now getting ready for reserves weekend 
What the hell ! I have a spider bite eating away at my leg ! 
So yeah definitley some positive things about having a bed to yourself , but yeah some pluses sharing one too 
had a good day of packing , got a lot of stuff done . Now I'm down to the miscellaneous , and the big stuff , so much fun . 
Looonnng day ! 
Man I'm watching Pros vs . Joes , what is wrong with < PROPFIRST > Vick . Horrible !!! 
Men of Honor , great freakin movie ! 
I think I'm going to get back in shape , well I'm in shape , I mean sexy shape . Lift is the easy part , but I hate running , so I need to find a huge motivation . 
My last day . Bitter/sweet 
MAN !!! It is so hot in here 
It seems lately nothing can just be simple . I really need one of those easy buttons from office < PROPMALE > , or is it stapples ? 
Man I need to go to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow and no one to go with . If any wants to head down with me let me know . 
Back in washington for two weeks 
Just got back from the gym , and I am pooped 
I survived another day of OC . Forhead just stop burning 
Feelin good 2 out of three beer pong off to the next location 
I can't sleep ! I power point classes for 7hrs , worked out in my room for about 2 hour then went to the gym for 4 hours . I should be dead but I can't sleep ! 
So who got a perfect on his gun quals today ? I DID !!! 
If we work for a living , why do we kill ourselves working ? 
Watching weeds , starting to settle in 
District 9 sucked , hopeefully zombie land comes through 
Law abiding citizen is next . I've seen it already , but danm good movie 
Changed my mind , I'm going with Surrogates 
Men who stare at goats 
I watched Deep Ocean , I liked that one a lot . Nothing super exciting , just really cool creatues that u wouldn't even think to exist . 
I had a good labor day . bbq with family and watched some movies . And in honor of labor day I will be at work at 5 in the morning ! 
I think everyone watched the game except me 
Moulin Rouge tonight . One of my favorites . For the smart ass comments to come , kiss my . . . well u know . 
Long day at work , but finally home ! 
Last day of work this week 
Look what I find when I get home 
I'm watching the original Batman : the movie . This movie is halarious . 
Has anyone seen rampage ? What a F UP movie 
I have no idea , where this energy is coming from . I havn't had sleep for like a week now . Oh I feel it now that I'm sitting for a second . 
All I got to say is today is going to be an awesome work out . U DISRESPECTFUL SOB !!! 
I'm good now ! Just takes a lil of kickin your own ass to avoid kickin others 
Now its time to watch a good movie and head to bed , fun day tomorrow 
Go Beavs ! 
Being < PROPFIRST > Malkovich : really good , but really weird movie and it kinda starts slow 
I love the smell of rain 
At work 2 hours early 
Its finaly over , I'm so tired 
Holy crap ! Game Over . Special teams is killing it 
I need to get some normal sleep . This restless nights thing is starting to kick my butt 
Sitting at work in a blackout 
Looks like the Beavs are going to pull a win thhis week 
Good job beavs ! 
I'm so damn bored , I need to start finding people to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
Interesting day 
I don't know what's going on this month , but < PROPFEMALE > is kick my ass . And I don't even think I did anything 
So I got some bad news . My cornea was cut earlier this week , and there were some complications with the injury . There is a posibility I may lose my left eye . I'm going through a crazy med schedual and doing all I can to fight it . So if you pray , chant , or whatever you do , keep me in your thoughts . I'll keep u posted 
Double over time beavs 
Good fight beavs 
So I have question . If someone takes u off their frinds list and then they add u back on don't u have to approve them first ? 
Ok ppl this is where I need your help I have to stay awake to keep taking these meds every 30 mins . So text me call me messege me just keep me awake 
I appreciate the calls and text last night , made it a lot easier for me ! 
Eye is improving , can see see a lil out of it . Don't think I'm going to lose the eye now , but I didn't hear it from the doc yet . 
Eye update : can pretty much see out of my eye . I can't keep it open to long still . Outer bacteria is almost gone . Cut on my eye is shunk . Inner bacteria still breaking down . Now I'm wait for someone to die , to get a cornea replacement , says the docter . It will be like seven pounds 
I just saw the < PROPFEMALE > frog . What a load of crap . Horrible messege in movie . 
Just checked-in at United States via ALL Friends 
My sleep schedule is all messed up I went to sleep at 10 and now I'm wide awake . 
Eye is doing well . Doc says it is healing way faster than expected ! I should be back at work next week FINALLY . Only bad thing is it really hard use it , reading or anything where I focus in my eye it gets spazed out and waters up . Hell its doing it now . Other wise good though ! 
I'M SO TIRED OF BEING BLIND ALREADY ! I'm soooo bored . I need something to do 
Making some corn bread 
Umm , yeah I don't know what to say about that game 
Danm , I woke up way to early and now I can't go back to sleep 
Bessine 
I love Red Vines , the most simple , amazing , addictive < PROPFEMALE > in the world . Mmmm Red Vines 
ok im starting to get bored now , only four more hours to go 
GO BEAVERS !!! Let's be the ones who kill the ducks season 
Good job Beavs first points 
Come on beavers , don't let the game slip away 
Send me an messege in my inbox with a number and I'll annonymously give you my honest opinion of you on my post 
23 : First thing your car awesome ! I think you are a cool guy , some times drive me crazy with your procrastinating . Most definitely a good guy though . Stop letting those girls get to you . 
come on ppl I want more < PROPFIRST > 
24 : Well i don't know you that well I have probly seen you less than a hand full of time . You seem cool to me . I didn't like your hair before though . I like the new cut , well i guess its not that new now 
86 : Lets see , well that put out the obvious , Gorgeous , I think its in the gens . Besides that I don't know you to well , I will say you seem to always be there for your Family , so much respect for that . 
08 : When I added u , u seem familiar but I couldn't quite remember u from HS . I'm glad I did add you though . Every time I read something from u it is always seems so up beat and positive . That's probly my favorite thing about . Since I have such a long list :) 
Send me a number in my inbox and I'll update my status with my opinion of you . 
8 : I sent u a number to help me remember you , but your didn't help so . . . I got nothing . . . . Pretty ! :) 
12 : Strong woman then and Strong woman now , its to bad we havn't kept in touch , I see u have gone through some hard times this past year from what it seems , but it looks like it made u stronger instead of breaking you down . Crazy what u saw in me in HS , cause I saw it so different . 
Off to another fun night of work ! 
Man , I am hating work so much tonight , more than usual . F***ing miserable . 4 hrs and I'm done . 
Having a beer for today . Here is to the begining of the end , bottoms up ! 
Shut up < PROPFIRST > 
Why did my Dominos wing , come with Chipotle napkins ? 
Time for some COD 
\Haney Baked\ " ham for Christmas !!! BEST HAM EVER ! " 
I think I should have took a shower after I worked out , not before . Oh well , quick shower then off to work . 
Great day with an awesome ending , what else could you ask for ? 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
This is a boring day off 
Home from work ! 
Playing Dragon Age 
Con for single : no one to take care of you if sick :-( 
Ok I can handle this . Soup X2 , then drugs , pass out and be at work at 4 in the morning . I GOT THIS ! I think 
going to watch \Shutter Island\ " hopefully drugs don't knock me out be for its over . " 
I don't think I made it 20mins into the movie 
I made it through work , now its time to go back to bed 
Shutter island round 2 no drugs this time 
Okay , I'm awake after a much needed recovery nap 
I'm hungry 
I feel bad for the seahawks . They are trying , just completly out matched 
I'm going for the Jets today , tough game but that's my pick 
Man the Jets D is doing their part , now the offense needs to step up 
wow did you see that catch ! 
Well I called it Jets Win 
4AM time to punch into work ! 
Great thing about going to work early is getting out early ! Done for the day ! 
good late workout ! now time for a shower and bed , then do it again tomorrow 
I played soccer for the first time today , and man do I feel it . 
Home at last 
Can't make food while I'm passing out 
Too danm tired to cook , < PROPFIRST > it is ! Oh and Spartacus for a bed time story . 
I want to say something clever with a double meaning that get my point across , but is very discreet . I got nothing though . 
Thank God I made it through week , it was a rough one ! 
Oddly as crazy as yesterday was I thought it was great day ! GREAT DAY !!! 2011 is on a good start 
I feel like crap and my voice is gone ! Hmm maybe it wasn't a good idea to drink out of cup everyone else was drinking out of . Lesson learned . makes me feel like i should get tested for something 
3 days off and all I have 9 seasons of scrubs . . . AWESOME !!! 
I'm starting to get bored ! 
so proud of myself I just took my car door apart and fixed and actually put it back together . YYYYay me ! 
