Had a monster and I am fired up ! 

What a long and epic day . FUN FUN FUN !!!!! WHOO HOO !!! But now I am tired ... So ..... 
I got nothing but luv for the fam ! 
I bought a shirt with gir on it and it says waffles ! How awesome !!!! 
If you can smile when things go wrong , you have someone in mind to blame . 
If I want your opinion , I'll read it in your entrails 
Don't forget to have humor in your life . For humor is the greatest medicine of the heart . 
Ahhhh ...... Elementary :) The best years of my life ! 
Hot Topic and Lady gaga ! Life couldn't get any better ! 
Why is it that when someone tells you that there’s billions of stars in the universe , you believe them . But if they tell you there’s wet paint somewhere you have to touch it ? 
Spongebob and Cheerios ! What a great way to start off the day ! 
\Every family tree always produces nuts . \"" 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
Nothing like a nice cold strawberry banana smoothie on a warm night ;) 
Teaching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > about hierarchy .... What a hard lesson for her to learn ..... lol 
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible . 
My sisters are physically fighting .... what a joy ! 
I need a gas mask 4th pd . Because my teacher never learned that cigarettes really do stink ! 
I miss being a carni ! I love y'all!!!! 
Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother's love is not 
Love you Lady Gaga !!!! 
Chocolate Wasted ! :) 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery . 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
If you weren't in 7th pd . I wouldn't know what to do !!!! 
Im sipping my Monster walking home and a lady walks by she says \Hey\ " in a deep voice .... I start to walk faster ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting chocolate wasted !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wings are the best ! 
Gosh do I love y'all! ( you too ;) 
Six A's and One B ..... Im on that super smart stuff .... ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > got some more new toys that make more noise .... WOW !!! 
lWhen I'm feeling down , I like to whistle . It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself . 
Just thinking about you put's a smile on my face ... see ---> :) 
If spongebob didn't exist what would be of the world ? 
Really ? We got school ? On a Monday ? 
Even when your hope is gone move along ..... 
Dude ... ha ha my teacher 7th pd . was doing the cat daddy !! lol . Can you believe that ? 
All I have to say to you is don't make me made .... you'll regret .... i promise ... 
Hanging with the siblings 
“The bond that links your true family is not one of blood , but of respect and joy in each other's life . Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof . ” 
Wish I could read your mind ................... 
Ha ha ha Im on that straight A status !!!! 
\Gotta hot date ? \ " Yeah\ " \ " With Who ? \ " He says \ " Mary Jane\ " Everyone laughs " 
666 100% Evil :) 
\Look\ " \ " What ? \ " \ " At that bird\ " \ " What bird\ " \ " The one I am giving you \"" 
The only reason people hate on beiber is because they long to be him !!!! WOW !!! 
I had to cups of coffee !!!! Let's do this !!! 
If you were a booger I'd pick you first . 
Life without you would be like a broken pencil ... pointless . 
guess i got to go to school tomorow .... 
I bet you missed me today , but don't worry I will see you there tomorrow ! 
Your like twice my age and you have twice as many friends as I do . There is something wrong with that ....... 
Two and a Half-Men is nothing with out < PROPFIRST > Sheen 
Sittin in History class .... bored as ever ... I wanna go hoooommmmeeee !! 
Gotta love 7th pd .!! Good times Good times . 
Watchin TruTv ..... I love this stuff ..... bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do .... 
My pockets are getting heavy ! 
Love you Lady Gaga .... 
Oh Gosh ! That was horrible .... 
Pop Tarts are better than toaster struddles and I would kill the red sour patch kid if he cut my hair . 
Love 7th pd . It's the best !! 
Today was awesome even though it rained ... lol ... Shout out to the kids who did come to 6th and 7th pd . 
Yes ! I am in Plant City ! 
Up and working in Plant City ! Whoo hoo ! 
Funnel Cake !! YUMMY ! 
Strawberry was awesome !!! Had fun with the fam ... cant wait to do it again !! 
Watchn hills have eyes !! < PROPFEMALE > awesome ! Just bought it and more at block < PROPMALE > for only 5.99 prices go down everyday ... check ' em out 
Taste the rainbow 
Walkn the dog ... Uuuggghhh !! 
Time really doesnt change you know .... we cant tell the sun to wait an hour or come an hour early ... Why do we do this ? 
Are you into nuggets ? 
Awwww ..... I miss you too ! 
Things are more funny when your in class and supposed to be quiet 
28 out 30 on a vocab test ! 
How did < PROPFIRST > CountinSheep < PROPFIRST > get a better grade than me ? ..... He cheated .... 
People who have no faults are terrible ; there is no way of taking advantage of them . 
Watching Hills have eyes for like the hundreth time !!! YAY ! 
I smell apple pie 
Happy St. Patricks Day ! 
< PROPMALE > just walks around bobbing his head no headphones ! 
Your sooo lame dude .... 
Gosh Darnit .... isn't this niffty ? 
TGIF 
Two babies ..... Oh Gosh ! im so glad i got my own room !! HA HA HA !!! 
Something bad is going to happen on November 11 , 2011 
It's Saturday isn't it ? Sooo why am I up ? 
Go ahead and call me Chef 
Lol . They are all looking for the usb cord and it's in my pocket ! 
Get off the computer Double D 
Chillin , watching worlds dumbest .... Sooo funnnyyy !! 
\isn't < PROPFIRST > eagle that famous skater ? \ " no bro it's it's < PROPFIRST > crow \"" 
The little demons are asleep 
I want to be a little kid again 
Just finished watchn megamind it was funny and dramatic 
I soooo hate you 
Eminem ..... BEST ! 
Watchn unstoppable with < PROPFEMALE > 
People think I have an evil soul ... and you know what they're right .... :-) 
The best kool-aid is blue kool-aid . The best skittle is the green one . The best starburst is the orange one . The best gummy bear is the red one . :-) 
Red Robin ..... YUM 
Aww chiz ! 
Free from school 
I've got them all fooled 
Whaaaa 
Sun drop commercial is soooo funny 
That smoothie from Dairy Inn was delicious ! 
ERR .... Not getn n e sleep 
Splinter in my finger .... I got it out 
My mom should totally pick me up from school and take me out for lunch 
< PROPFEMALE > Dawn .... wear it .. 
Never go to the bathroom alone in a public place ! 
If you give your baby evian water he will roller skate .... and by the way evian spelled backwards is naive 
Them's fightin ' words 
I'm donating blood tomorow ! 
I forgot I had homework . Oh well ... that's what 1st period is for . 
Go on yonder and get that shotgun we's gots some huntin ' to do 
Spongebob and Patric just kissed .... OmG !! 
Dude ... violated 
I love bowling for soup ! The band ! 
Walkn the dog 
\Whose out in the yard boy ? \ " \ " Jus some city slicker paw\ " \ " Go on yonder and get my shotgun boy we's got some huntn to do \"" 
I hope she enjoys her cruiz because when she gets back ....... 
I lost your number .... on purpose .... hint hint ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LADY GAGA ! Love You ! 
Still up 
I am her little monster ! 
Sleep for 5 hours and I am back up ! 
GET ' ER DONE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Soooo ..... really ? 
MEGAMIND IS DOIN THE DOUGIE 
Really ? Uh ... I just watched the most idiotic and dramatic commercail and yogurt !! Wow ! 
It looks like someone beat on you with a purrty stick ! :-) 
I don't make it rain I make it snow , I don't shine I glow ... 
OMG ! I can't breath . Family guy is too funny ! 
TORNADO ? Really ? Ha ha ha bring it ! 
When spring break is over I am transfering to Hogwarts ! So .... EXPECTOPATRONUM ! Whaaa ! 
Disney Channel used to be the chiz . Now ? It's like Dora .... boring and dumb . 
KcA's are gonna suck this year . 
IF YOU WANT SOMETHING GET IT , NO QUESTIONS ABOUT IT ! 
< PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > cullen ) is stepping up and I am so excited ! Can't wait ! 
If buying you coffee makes you happy then i'll do it forever ! :-) 
Get the dirt out of your eyes 
All I do is sleep sleep sleep no matter what got sleeping on my mind cuz I can never get enough and everytime I step in my room all the lights go off ... and I lay down , lay down ..... 
No , double dipping ! 
Went out to eat at TGIF with the siblings , mom and , Z ! Had an awesome time ! 
Gotta get cracking on this english project 
Epic 
At chucke cheese 
had a good time celebrating Saa < PROPFEMALE>'s 4th birthday ! :) So adorable 
You can't really talk trash when all your words are miss spelled ... silly ! lol 
Yeah Ke$ha looks like a man and maybe a little slow but her songs are awesome ! 
I <3 PINK ! 
:) Nuggets and applesauce 
O: All your responses must be oral , OK ? \ 
A : OK\ 
O: What school did you go to ? \ 
A : Oral . \ 
After a short explanation , the conversation continued :\ 
O: What is your date of birth ? \ 
A : July fifteenth . \ 
O: What year ? \ 
A : Every year . 
People just don't know when to stop . Srry < PROPFEMALE > . I'll stab ' em for you ! :-) 
Doin the same vocab for the 3rd time . lol 
\A bend in the road is not the end of the road ... unless you fail to make the turn . \"" 
You can break my heart and I can put it back together but there will still be cracks in it . 
Watching the office . Funny as all get out ! 
Is not another statistic 
Watchn vampire sucks ! Lol 
8 ( 
8 ' ( 
No one knows me .... 
Dum de dum 
Waffle fries and coke zero ! 
Picking on Ms. MORRIS with < PROPFEMALE > Lugo ! 
7th Pd . MS . MORRIS's ~ s the best . Good times and good laughs ! 
Watchn shrek 4 with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
AT IHOP WITH MOM , GLO , DD , Z , OPA AND ZAYDEN ! 
Hey , there's something wrong with my phone ! .. What ?.... Your number isn't in it . 
Wow ! Really ? Hmph ... I can't wait ! 8 ) 
YET AND STILL IM RIGHT AND YOUR WRONG ! 
At the bus stop sooo tired . I can't wait ' til Friday ! 
8 ) 
Funkin'\ 
( music ) 
...................... 
Uugghh ! School ! 
Im just gonna laugh in your face .... Ha ha ! 8 ) 
8 ) <------- my smiley faces have glasses ! Lol 
This class couldn't be more boring ! - in physcologywww . 8 ) 
I love Lady Gaga ! 8 ) 
Someone really can't take a joke .... how do you manage to make a whole class hate you in just one period where most of the time we were taking a test . You cease to amaze me ! Next week I got everybody on vocab 
Grow up 
It's Day of Silence tommorow so shh no tlking . You won't here a peep out of me ! 
8P 
TGIF !!! Yes Yes 
Got a little over 20 < PROPFEMALE > left in this class nd im done with my work .... bored 8 ) 
Smells like a weed garden on the bus 
Tired . 8/ 
Channel Surfing 
Watchn 127 hours 
In new port richey 
Yeah Uh huh 
Just finished science fcat .... What a bored 
i need to get away 
I don't know why but I thought today was wednsday ! Lol 
DUmb DIddy DUmb ............... bored 
aced my english test ! and my pysch test and imma bout to ace this history test .... \Super Smart Status\ " lol 8 ) " 
If you flip an old lady a bird trust me ... she will flip you back one ! 
Im stupid tired 
You not gonna say nothing ? Thanks ! You suck at having peoples back ! 
So remember yesterday how I aced my english and pysch test .. well ... I aced my history test too ! Ha ha ha ! \Super Smart Status\ " 8 ) " 
