I just had the best weekend ever . Hopefull more weekends are to come ! 

Just got back from my tonsil removal surgery . All is well . Just having pain . I can't still eat ice cream though ! =] 
Whoops * I still can have ice cream . My bad . Just can't have chips for a few weeks . 
is awaiting the day when she is free of homework . 
Hopes everyone and myself have a fantastic Halloween ! Can't wait till the Mythology film is officially finished 
I'M GOING TO SEE LADY GAGA IN DECEMBER AT THE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! WOOHOO ! 
Saw Lady Gaga in concert yesterday night and it was the BEST concert ever ! I couldn't stop dancing , yelling and screaming throughout the whole performance ! I truly am her little monster and would go to another one of her concerts in a heart beat . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! 
Does not wish to study for exams nor even try to take them . I hate when I stress out over stuff like this and to review over everything . I'll just try my best like usual and know that's all I can do . So much dislike for school . 
Just finished reading book three in Poisonwood Bible and I really liked it . Just stinks I have to take a quiz on it tomorrow when I've been rushed as it is to read this book when we're cramming already . Now to study for Chinese and get other stuff done . 
Had a good weekend . 
is excited for tonight and curious to know how our groups film is going to look after we're all done editting it . Our project has to be done for our presentation this Friday and I cannot wait for everyone to see our movie . No movie is better than a home made one . I totally think we're up for a < PROPFEMALE > Globe . 
The film seems to be complete for the Poisonwood project but , now onto the powerpoint who shall hopefully be done before our due date . The wonders of an HP touch computer were explored today and now I know where the microphone is . As well as a nice refresh of Pokemon and other random junk . I need to seriously get things done . 
Thought that our Poisonwood presentation went rather well and our movie was bomb . Our PowerPoint was made awesome by < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE>'s sound , < PROPFIRST>'s smooth typing and my creative design in look . I think we are one wicked group and we rocked . Not to mention our award winning performance including our bloopers . I wouldn't mind working with everyone again . Did anyone get our < PROPMALE > roll ? 
wants to go more hiking . Today was beautiful but , I want to be more outdoorsy . 
got accepted into < PROPFEMALE > State College !!! 
got her Obama tickets . 
is really craving some ice cream right now . 
really doesn't want to read Heart of Darkness . 
nothing like the song This Is War by 30 Seconds to Mars to reflect your mood . Music is my escape ~ 
is happy she survived driving on the freeway . :) 
Not amount of silence in the world can hush the many words that are being exchanged right now . 
The rain is most soothing and I enjoyed the weather immensely . Now I must try to defeat this wretched senior memories assignment . I welcome the day off on Tuesday and shall look forward to spending some time with my friends . Onward ! 
just finished reading for the last few hours during her free time and enjoyed it . Sadly , I didn't get any school work done but , I love to read . 
spent her free day prom dressing shopping from eleven to nearly five and it's a lot of work . I hope it's all worth it . 
is excited that she bought her prom dress yesterday . 
studied for anatomy for nearly two hours . I am really hoping to do good on this test tomorrow ! 
My studying for anatomy for nearly two hours paid off because I got an A on my test ! I'm quite happy about that and I can't wait to sleep late during spring break . 
just got her eyebrows threaded and it didn't hurt that bad . I prefer it over waxing and I like how mine look . Wasn't that expensive either and I'd recommend it to others . 
how am I to forgive when I cannot forget . 
blames her senior laziness and spring break for the reason of not wanting to do any type of school related work . 
got her final fit done for her prom dress and can't wait till Saturday ! I eagerly stare at it in my closet and I'm anxioius for Saturday to come . 
is sick . ): 
got accepted into UNLV . The two different colleges I applied for both accepted me ! Coolness . That makes two out of two . Now to decide where to go ... 
Patches . I like them . 
hates school with intense passion . 
sorry to all of those who got sent spam by me titled \Optical Illusions\ " or something . I was reading newsfeed and my laptop mouse clicked it as I was scrolling . Don't click it or watch it ! Sorry about that . " 
Doesn't care how late it is . I'm totally watching the old TMNT movie on channel 59 right now . I loved that movie ! 
I conclude that Aureliano wins \Worst Father of the Year\ " award in One Hundred Years of Solitude for what happened to his baby . " 
feels accomplished that she completed writing chapter 12 for her senior memory book and even started on my cat dissection project which I'm not even halfway through with yet . I'm happy that I atleast started on it . 
has turned in and completed all three of her projects . Now just four final exams to go and I'll be free . 
Today I finished reading The Hunger Games and it was really good . Now I want to continue by reading the second book and I must find a way in getting it . Obtain that book or die . I would highly recommend it and it's a < PROPFEMALE > turner . I'm still not sure about the suggested love pairing the author has written but , I await to see what happens next . 
dislikes how Catching Fire ended and I think Katniss is making a mistake by picking < PROPFIRST > . What happened to Cinnia since he was beaten because I want him back ! Haymitch is a little liar and he deserves to be smacked with a wine bottle . Everyone else is just keeping secrets ... What will Collins do next ? 
I want to thank everyone for all their congrats and wishes !!! Your support and help has aided me to graduate to move on to bigger things . I love my family and friends who has supported me . Thank you everyone who congratulated me ! THANK YOU ! Now I begin my life at college where new adventures , memories and knowledge shall be created . A chapter closes and another one opened . Heck yes . Life , here I come . 
just finished reading the Lovely Bones by < PROPFEMALE > Sebold and it was a good read till the cruddy ending . Sebold didn't need to inform me of some sex scenes and spent too much of the beginning talking about useless details that don't matter later . I adored the writing style and how it's told but , the conclusion just didn't fit . Was an exciting read and it was interesting . I still haven't made a dent in my reading list . 
saw Toy Story 3 today and I liked it . Anyone else notice they snuck Totoro in the movie ? Movie was good and the ending was awesome . I'd recommend it and it was worth it . Another Pixar success . 
Nothing like a homemade root beer float on a hot Vegas night to cool you off . 
Hello Facebook . Haven't been on in three weeks because I've been traveling and busy with life . Out of all of July , I'll only be in Vegas for one week and the rest I'll be out of town . I love to travel ! Though , the more I travel , the closer I get to starting college and I rather extend my vacation . (: 
\Oh my gosh ! I'm married ! \ " - Jeanne\ 
laughed when she purchased her textbooks today for college because I have to reread Lord of the Flies again . When I honestly thought I'd never have to read that piece of crap again and now I must for college . Oh joy . 
Just saw Inception . I think I'm on acid . 
Is super happy the week is over and still can't believe how my homework never seems to lessen but , that is college . If only life were that easy and if my life has no stress . I'm ready to welcome sleep for I've had lack of it for nearly a week and it's all thanks to homework . Oh , well . Five weeks of school down and eleven more to go ! Let's do this ! 
What kind of mask do you wear ? -- My Result : Beauty . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/141089/referrals/status?aid=1168182297 
is happy that she has one midterm done and finished her joint pyschology/English paper rough draft due for revising tomorrow . Next thing to do is study for my next midterm , biology exam , biology study guide , math homework and whatever other junk I have to do . Nine more weeks of fall semester to go ! 
went rappelling , bounding and climbing today for the first time over at Lake Mead and I'm totally addicted . Next time , I'm going higher and cannot wait to do it again . It's scarily exhilarating and somewhat nerve racking . How I love the outdoors and being one with mother nature . 
cannot believe I survived my first semester of college and I'm done for the semester !!! I kicked butt in my biology with getting the highest grade in the class but , I'm unsure how my other exams went . Looking forward to freedom , relaxation and New York ! 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes and they were really sweet ! I had a wonderful day and your comments made it better ! Thank you ! 
