God spoke to me today , but I was too scared to stand . Then He reached down from heaven and gently held my hand . 

class at 12:30 ... a whole hour to myself .... whatever shall I do ? 
Ever have one of those days when you just know something's really wrong , but you have no proof , only a gut feeling ? it's one of those days . 
Keep my granddad in mind , he's not doing well at all . 
My granddad passed away this evening . Please keep our family in your thoughts and prayers . 
Doing math homework -.- Honestly , how invented the stuff ? It makes my head hurt ... 
One more class , then I get to go see < PROPFIRST > :) 
Reading and studying ... the life of an english < PROPMALE > :P 
Loves her job , misses her bf , and reads textbooks for the hell of it . 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to come and get me so I can go see my sister and her awe-inspiring acting skills :P 
When you have so many books that you can't see the floor of your own room ... that's when you know you may have a literature addiction <.<;; 
To read my work in public for my dad's birthday or to stay home and celebrate quietly ... THAT is the question <.< 
being attacked by the migraine monster , so I'm fixing to go to the darker end of the house and bask in the silence . 
watching < PROPFIRST > play DoTA and trying to understand why the best friend would watch such evil movies like the T-word -.- 
< PROPFIRST>'s got me playing a MUD .... be afraid <.< 
trying hard to let the meds wear off so she can sleep ... bleah ! 
Yay !! The bestest friend was here and it was awesome funzies :D 
Ugh , the cleaning hurricane approaches and I am trying very hard not to get caught up in the frenzy <.< 
Ok , I know , I'm never on here . However , there comes a time in a person's life when one is willing to try many things to cure an incredible bout of boredom ... :P 
Top of my to-do list ... destroy my sister in an all out Guitar War for putting songs in my head -.- 
homesick ..... very , very homesick :( 
\All that is gold does not glitter . All who wander are not lost ... \ " ~ Bilbo Baggins " 
class in 7 hours and I've way too much on my mind to sleep . Me thinks a good book is in order ... 
\Well no wonder he carries a knife ... \ " ~ Robert Mitchum " 
The Lord is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ? The Lord is the stronghold of my life ; of whom shall I be afraid ? Though an army encamp against me , my heart shall not fear ; though war rise up against me , yet I will be confident . ( Psalm 27 : 1 , 3 ) 
' From the ashes a fire shall be woken , A light from the shadows shall spring ; Renewed shall be blade that was broken : The crownless again shall be < PROPMALE >.' 
If you have the gall to ask what else can go wrong , then please step away from me and go stand somewhere else .... 
As long as I live , I will never , EVER underestimate the power of laundry detergent and its far-reaching effects on my life .... 
My grandma is in the hospital , but she's doing well . Please keep her in your prayers and let's hope she gets to go home tomorrow . 
Ok , first night on the house watch .... so quiet ... creepy .... 
4 painrelievers later and the migraine dies to a dull roar ... now to regain the ability to actually get some work done before I crawl back into a dark hole and sleep the rest of it off -.- 
\I'm not a humanitarian . I'm a hell-raiser . \"" 
Do you ever have a day where you feel like the most unimportant person in the universe , only to have a very small thing remind you that to someone , somewhere , you mean everything ? 
eating kitkats , drinking coffee , and praying that I get it all done before 8:30 <.<; 
5 papers , 2 in Spanish and 3 weeks left to complete them all . It begins -.- 
How to Train Your Dragon = cutest movie I have ever seen in my life ! Now , to cure the coke/popcorn sugar high and find a way to sleep . <.< 
finally , some rain :) 
It's amzing how busy I am until I absolutely HAVE to look at that blank screen . Then all kinds of things become instantly interesting -.- 
Seriously , the next idiot who comes screaming past me with their windows rolled down blaring rap music is going to get blasted by Metallica . Immature , I know , but it would give me a great deal of satisfaction . :P 
Doesn't it speak volumes that I'm sitting through The Thing , willingly , in order to further procrastenate completing my paper ? :P 
Couldn't stomach the movie without a chest to bury my face in when the dogs die :( 
Reading your work in front of a group of people , including one's parents , professors and peers ... it's not terrifying is it ? :P 
It went really well tonight , but it was hard to watch my dad get teary when I read . But , strangely enough , I think I connected with him for the first time in a while . Conclusion : happy/sad <.< 
Do not mess in the affairs of dragons , for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup ... -.- 
Where the hell is a blank CD when you need one ? * grumbles * 
I seriously wish the batteries in my wish wand hadn't died . I could have avoided so much trouble today -.- 
Same bat time , same bat channel <.< 
Sleep ? What's sleep ? -.- 
I can ' wait till summer gets here and I can sleep in my own bed again :) 
Two papers to go and I'm done writing for the semester . Maybe then I can get back to my short stories ^_^ 
Heh , funny thing happened today . I was just sitting on the couch , watching a little tv , when I had a flash of imagining my life 10 years from now . At the very least , I can say that the image was something that makes me happy about how my life has been so far and where its going :) 
First day of exams , last day Monday , then summer break !! :D 
mis clases de español me están dando < PROPFEMALE > de cabeza -.- 
Two hours and it'll be my birthday ^_^ 
Thank you , everyone , for the birthday wishes ! :D 
I've had a great birthday . Now , just one more exam and its beaches and barefeet for this youngin ' for a loooong time ;) 
A very busy week followed by a very busy weekend , followed but what will hopefully be a week of nothing but sleep . My grades alone this semester have earned me that week of sleep :P 
Cross your fingers I convince my dad that Grad school is worth the effort . ;) 
Jazzie's home !! * relief * 
Eliptical machine = God's way of punishing me for the Bojangles I sneaked for lunch today >.< 
Ugh , I can't sleep and I have way too much to do tomorrow to be up like this all night :( 
I could while away the hours , conferring with the flowers , consulting with the rain . 
it's the days when I get books in the mail that I know its a good day ;) 
You know you're addicted when you stay up till < PROPFEMALE > watching a tv miniseries on youtube -.- 
It's not a good time of the night to suddenly get a shot of energy ... <.< 
just prayin ' for rain ... 
I now know that when you leave the beach you risk having reality come in and turn you into roadgoo -.- 
Currently attempting to overcome an addiction to Criminal Minds and failing miserably ... -.- 
Watching < PROPFIRST > play Shadow of the Colossus with the kids . Sibling bonding time is such a beautiful thing :P 
Playing for the high one , dancing with the devil , \ 
\ 
Going with the flow , it's all a game to me , \ 
Seven or Eleven , snake eyes watching you , \ 
Double up or quit , double stakes or split , 
“If God sends us on strong paths , we are provided strong shoes . ” 
As I sat on the floor today playing pokemon , and < PROPFIRST > was playing a MUD on his computer , the thought occurred to me that I had never been quite so content in a very long time . Amazing what can make a person happy in the most unlikely of circumstances ;) 
Last semester at FMU beginning in six days = surreal <.< 
Mother , mother ocean , I have heard you call \ 
Wanted to sail upon your waters since I was three feet tall ... 
I don't know what's worse ... studying too much for my exams or not enough o.o 
Apartment searching is fun ... until the phone tag appointment making begins -.- 
He puts the food on the floor , the dog licks the plate clean , and he says he won't punish her cuz he loves her too much ... THEN turns to me to fix him more ! We are such enablers 0.0 
The fact that my hair has gone from purple to red to pink in less than two weeks suggests that I either have a peacock somewhere in the family tree or that I really need to find a new shampoo ... both can potentially involve some serious cash <.<; 
Ok , again , I realize that I'm never on here , but when one ( namely me ) manages to trip over their OWN feet , slam their head into the very hard surface of their cowboy cat book trunk , and give themselves a mild concussion in the process ... well , its worth posting if for no other reason than the sheer ridiculousness of it ... 
