Happy New Year ! 

I'm halfway to Colorado !!! Resting in Twin Falls , Idaho right now . Peace out bitches 
in colorado now , warm sunshine and cool breezes . 
it's been < PROPFEMALE > hot over here 
need ... fresh ... air .... ( sniff , sniff ) .. stupid skunk keeps spraying somewhere nearby , ugh 
i thought a cold front was supposed to come through here ??? 
a refreshing mimosa is in order for today ! 
Hope everyone has a safe and fun 4th of July !!! 
blah blah blah today 
moving home to be near family 
got a haircut and highlights today , pics coming soon ! 
road trip to louisiana begins tomorrow , ugh 
in louisiana with the kiddos , humidity sucks here !!! 
I've had 2 interviews this week at the casino and have one more to go . Wish me luck ! 
saw Switchfoot and Blue October in concert the other night !!! 
enjoying the weekend after a very busy week running the roads 
Good Morning to all !!! Have a f'ing great monday :) 
I got the job at the casino , i start orientation next tuesday !!! hooray for me 
To answer everyone's question . I am a server at < PROPFEMALE > Buffet . I wanted to get my foot in the door ( any door , lol ) to ultimately go to dealer school and become a dealer . 
doing nothing today , been sick for 3 weeks now . The dr. said it was allergies , i think she is full of it 
orientation tomorrow from 8am to 5:30 pm , woot woot 
I thought this last year couldn't get worse , think again . I was on the phone with < PROPFIRST > and actually heard my other dog get hit by a car !!! WTF ! that's the second dog this year , we had to put the other one down .... waiting for news on this one 
did day one of food and beverage orientation today , day 2 tomorow and then finally start training on MONDAY , yipeeeeee 
Thanks to all for the birthday shoutouts ! I'm spending the day with 2 sick girls , trying to get them to see a doctor today . peace out 
well , madisyn has strep throat and < PROPFEMALE > was on her way to getting it . Both have antibiotics and are feeling better already . Work is going good , it's nice to bring home cash everyday . 
working , working , working . going to relax on my two days off 
i have an upper respitatory infection , it super sucks 
participated in the 3k breast cancer walk today , it felt good to do something for a good cause 
so so day at work , frustrated with ungrateful , heifer bitches that eat for 3 fucking hours then don't tip 
aaaaaaaaaaaah , i farkled 8 times in a row 
minimum donation is $25 , WTF . I accidentally posted the donation box . I don't expect anyone to donate . I'm just walking with my team at work . 
forgot to set my alarm clock back lastnight , showed up for work an hour early , lol . 
my day off work ...... beautiful weather today and housework to do :( if I don't get my laundry done then I'm going to have to buy more underwear , lol . 
worried about all my friends at Ft . Hood ! I hope all of you are safe and unharmed !!! 
back to work tomorrow , then 2 days off in a row , whew 
working tomorrow , hope to make at least $300 , Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
I LOVE < PROPMALE > !!! MISSING YOU 
snow heading to louisiana this weekend ??? That would be nice 
snowing in louisiana , how about that ! Now it feels like Christmas . 
you'll never guess who i served today at work ........... 
< PROPFIRST > Jones and his wife !!! 
hey ladies , i have quite a few farmville requests pending ...... what's going on ??? 
please help me fill up my tree !!! i have 18 out of 100 , send presents from the top row only . the back ground is highlighted green , other gifts like trees and animals don't count towards the christmas tree 
wooohooooo , I'm halfway there !!! I have 51 out of 100 presents in my tree !!! Keep em coming . I've sent 2 gifts out already today . I think you can send gifts every 4-6 hours . Ofcourse I have more time on my hands cuz i've been off work , lol . 
yippy !!! 70 out of 100 presents in my tree 
83 out of 100 !!! Almost there , THANK YOU NEIGHBORS FOR HELPING !! 
AAAAAAH , only 5 more presents for my tree :) 
sweeeeeeet , i've gotten soooo many awesome gifts from my tree !!! 
got off work at 4:30 came home and took a nap , bout to eat Christmas dinner . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
well , time to go to work . hope everyone has a fun yet safe night ! peace out bitchzzz :) 
this year is goin to be my year to shine :D ! happy new year fb friends and family !!! 
Not taking any crap 2nite ! if yur not gaming or have a tip in hand then NO free drink from me ! 
3 new friends , I am unable to send requests from cafe world on this account . I'm going to switch accounts and do it from there . 
it's amazing how homewreckers stick together ! i guess i shouldn't be surprised 
they are efin everywhere you turn 
facebook , myspace , is there anywhere I can go that bitch isn't at ??? 
i only need 2 more friends in one hour to raise my barn , plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz help ! 
waiting for divorce papers , how exciting ! New Year , New Life , New Me . now if i can find the time to actually go out and meet new people . 
enjoying my time with < PROPMALE > . I LOVE YOU !!!! 
I danced with a pickle in an elevator because I can . 
going to get a 1 1/2 hour massage this morning , aaaaaah . OH YEA , IT'S FRIDAY !!! WOOT WOOT 
AAAAAAH , < PROPFEMALE > just performed for Haiti . LOVE HER ! 
went to bed at 6:30 last night , slept sooooooooooo good 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease . Children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ....... 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour . 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words ... What would you say to me ? Copy and paste this to your status and see what your friends say ! ( If you comment you must post ... Fair is fair ! ) 
listening to Sinead O Connor this morning . hope everyone has a great weekend 
Pink just put a beautiful performance , WOW ! 
ooops , i forgot on . Pink put on a beautiful performance 
jeez , i haven't gotten to my farm or cafe . gonna upload some pics first ! 
i've got a 21 yo hottie after me and i'm not running from him ;) 
i need 4 more friends for my barn raising , find the link and help me plz !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
annoyed with myspace and facebook ! 
up way passed my bedtime , gotta hot date tomorrow ;) 
bummed about having to cancel my plans , needed a night out but it doesn't do any good to drink when you have a killer headache before you leave the house . 
WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! GO SAINTS !!! 
GO CHECKOUT MY FARM ON FARMVILLE , I MADE IT FOR THE SAINTS 
do not like this new set up facebook has changed to !!!! 
F'ING AMBUSHED AT WORK TODAY . WTF is going on ??? 
i've never been unhappier with my employers as i am now(except you ms. < PROPFIRST > ) i don't even want to go to work tomorrow :( 
staying home today . I have no < PROPFEMALE > to step one foot in that place today after the way I was treated yesterday ......... really bummed :( 
I need harnesses and horseshoes , almost done . 
alright , gotta go to the store to get toiletries for my sis and visit her at the hospital . Lil niece is getting her breathing treatment now , she has pneumonia too . aaaah and absolutely can not wait for my new man to get back to fort polk and spend the wkend with him ! 
aaaaa , SURVIVOR IS ON . GOTTA GO !!!!!! 
hello all my fellow gamers :) 
my . spacebar . is . broken . on . the . desktop . 
Goin . to . watch . Shutter . Island . with . Damien ! 
still . need . 4 . friends . to . help . with . my . chicken . coop . but . it . doesn't . let . me . repost , aaaah . Maybe . go . to . my . homepage . and . the . old . one . will . still . be . there ??? 
annoyed . tha t.t here . isn't . a . pop-up . to . ask . friends . to . help.with.my.chicken.coop! !! 
hey < PROPFEMALE > , look i got a new keyboard !!! happy now , lol ! 
about to drive to fort polk !!! 
i drove to fort polk , quietly walked up the stairs , laid in the bed next to him and then was WOWED and fell asleep in his arms . Ofcourse , I only had 2 hrs of sleep before I had to drive back so I'll be back later to farm , fish and cook . Peace Out . 
How in the heck do the youngen's work a double then open the next morning , I'm beat !!! only got 4 1/2 hrs of sleep . I'm going to make it through today and then off for 2 days ! yipeeeeeee . Now it's time to make some MONEEEEEEEEY :) HAVE A GREAT DAY !!! 
oh boy , I don't know how I made it through today , lol . ended up working another double , 15 hrs today , whew . Hope I don't sleep through my days off 
went on a date lastnight for the first time in a very long time , it went VERY good . So good infact there will be a 2nd one next week :) 
thank you !!! to everyone that has commented on my new pic . I just wanted to get an updated photo of me on here , lol . 
Good morning friends , sorry i haven't been on to help with farmville , cafe world or fishville . Sometimes , you just have to step away from the computer and get some sleep , lol . 
UPDATE : I weighed in yesterday , my total weight loss is 31 pounds !!!!! now , if i can just quit smoking again ! 
dont think i've been on here for a couple days 
How many of you really know all the people on your friends list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my friends list to post how they met me . After your done , repost this on your status box . You'll be amazed at how interesting this really can be . Lets play !! its fun ~ 
haven't been on here in days ..... don't really care about much these days :( 
going to lay back down , blah 
still waiting 
Got FIRED today ! Gotta love it when the system thats supposed to help you against the STUPID BITCH that makes you feel uncomfortable at work does the exact opposite !!! So much for caring for their employees and how they feel !!! 
gettin my party on at ob's 
woot woot , had a blast lastnight ! didn't stop til 7 this morning :) 
going to get some rest . my sister is having her baby in the am !!! I get to be in the delivery room , wish us luck . lol . told her if she cusses me I was going to b-slap her on the table , LMAO !!! 
try to keep everyone posted as i can . her water has been broke , the contractions are picking up ..... now we wait 
7cm now , we r goin to take a power nap first 
Its time ! Wish us luck ! 
baby < PROPMALE > born at 2:07 pm 6 lbs 13oz i have no words to describe what i just witnessed , truly an amazing experience ! 
a very joyous occassion turned into me having a black eye , in handcuffs and at the police station , what a fucking nightmare ! LESSON #1 DON'T FUCK WITH ME OR MY FAMILY !!! My face may be fucked up right now but i guarantee we won't be fucked with again !!!! 
went to go press charges today on the guy that punched me and was so kindly informed that I can't because we got tickets for disturbing the peace . ????, not sure what to do now 
thinking i'm going to remove my apps . Not motivated to get on here lately . 2 weeks later and i'm still waiting for this black eye to go away so i can get a darn job !!! 
who care's anymore ???? I sure don't! 
thinking i might slowly make my way back to facebook ..... who knows yet ? 
found someone special who likes me the way i am :} and loves my kids too ! feeling very blessed to have found him . HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM ! I LOVE YOU !!! 
going to spend the nite with my man :) goin to the BP training course tomrw to get certified in cleanin up the oil spill 
my baby is coming to see me , yaaay . somebodies hooked , i just spent the nite with him : D but its ok cuz im hooked too and not ashamed to say so ! 
prolly had about 200 requests to go through , only 100 more left . I'll get em tomorrow . good night peeps 
i need advice ! that great man i had , yeh had , is scared of getting hurt . he wants to be friends and needs space . idk what to do , my heart aches , my anxiety is up and i dont want to lose him ! 
single once again , got pulled in just to get pushed away :( 
got a hot date tomorrow night , I CANT WAIT !!!!! dinner , movie and drinks at his place ;) 
so the hot date i had , yeh we skipped dinner and the movie . had the drinks and sex instead . good times , lol 
bored laying in bed staring at the ceiling . a lil lost without my kids here but enjoying the quiet time . i think i'll read a book i started awhile back 
how things change so quickly . sick to my stomach now , anxiety levels went up . its amazing how someone who breaks yur heart texts F YOU while hes drunk but wont tell me why he did it when hes sober . nice extra glob of icing on my cake ! ugh 
so much for the book ! getting my drink on with some complimentary alcohol and mite be goin out with the neighbors . woot woot 
chilling in bed watching movies . wishing i had a Dear < PROPFIRST > , great movie ! 
bbq'in by the pool today with my family . wish my kids were here but they r with their father on his special day . HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL DADS OUT THERE :) 
never made it to the pool but did bbq and i made a kick ass upside down pineapple cake for my sis . love u ! 
busy today focusing on getting a job ! already applied for a cocktail server position , keep yur fingers crossed ! 
phase 1 of cleaning the kitchen complete , now its time to chill by the pool while theres still sunshine ;} 
took care of my business this morning , chillin by the pool til my dr appt . 
whew ! its sizzling out here . already sweatin bullets after 10 mins . my heart goes out to our soldiers serving in hell ! thank you ! 
anxiously waiting for my anxiety medication ..... go figure ! one more medication i need to take to lead a normal existence . Is anything ever normal tho ??? 
sweet ! gotta text from walmart pharmacy . Meds are ready ! it's time to take a chill pill . LMAO !!!! 
layin in bed with a cutie ! babies are so innocent and when they look at u and smile .... it makes the disappointment in yur life melt away . 
why is it when i decide to stop dating all kinds of guys come from outta nowhere ??? 
there is no ' ONE ' for me ! im too strong of a woman and too much to handle and men coward away from that ! 
slighty disgusted right now ! 
whats on my mind ? y dont u tell me ! any takers ? i'll even tell u if yur right or wrong ! 
good friend dropped me off at home bout 2ish , another friend picked me up from home and went and had more fun . got home bout 10am now im chilling in bed watching movies :) 
jeez < PROPMALE > , i love how i wake up to claw marks on my arm cuz yur kitten was attacking me in my sleep ! lol 
oh stupid rain ! wanted to go to the pool . love the sound of thunder and lightening tho :) 
aww man , rough week ahead of me ! its either goin to make or break me . and ill be darned if im goin down without a fight ! 
is finding humor in my chaotic life with status shuffle today :) dont take it too personally ! 
im standing in the rain ..... but not for too long , i dont want my fiesty spices to get washed away ;) not worried bout the sugar , its buried deep . 
for those of you that are not on myspace . i posted : my husband used my rent money for a divorce lawyer , now accepting donations or taking applications for sugadaddies/sugamomma's :D 
I regret that my actions sometimes hurt the people I care about , I don't regret being true to myself . 
OMG ! a giant tree cockroach was on my wall !!!! i had to put my big girl panties on and kill it !!! cant stand those things , they creep me out eeeewwwww 
ugh . court today ! a bundle of nerves !!!! 
DONE with court , whew ! that was scary and stomach churning lol . I plead NOT GUILTY and a court date is set . Now it's time to get my witnesses and evidence together so I can bury this f*cker !!! 
has a promising date tonite :) hes so nervous its cute . peace out fb friends . AND NO MS . < PROPFEMALE > , NO GOODS BEING GIVEN AWAY ! 
sometimes u have to swallow yur pride and ask for help . i did and help is on the way but i dont feel good about it at all . im the giver not the receiver :( 
Sanity is back-ordered . Sarcasm is in unlimited supply 
wishes people could taste what they said . maybe then they wouldn't talk SHIT so often . 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY !!! TO ALL MY FRIENDS 
holiday wkend is over , time to get focused , get a job and move ! 
a very productive day today , goin to be even more productive tomorrow ! 
getting some errands done today then surprising my daughters tonight , going to see the horse races . ive never been either , excited to experience something new :) 
RLS is kicking my butt ! i keep forgetting to pick up my meds , sleeping so horribly at nite ! 
sweeeeeet ! i got poked for the first time ever today ! on fb , get yur mind out of the gutter ! 
it should be against the law to be this hot so early ! and no im not talking about myself :) 
alrighty , got the highlights doing their magic then time for a haircut and go to my job interview !!!!!! 
jeez , glad i called before drivin way out to the interview ! the guy had left for the day already . good things come to those who wait tho , goin on friday :) 
i was cuttin up at the saints exhibit ! waited in line for 1.5 hrs to take a pic with the trophy , the guy mentions sumthin bout bein a saints fan and i had to chime in < not really , i like the cowboys ! > yeaaa , almost got kicked out , lmao , not really 
i called bout a bartending job and the guy tells me to come on over . 5 mins n2 talkin tells me to b there tomrw at 1 :) then his boss comes in and says they already have a daytime bartender :( now i wait and see 
keep yur fingers crossed ! my interview went great . he said he would like to hire me on and is goin to talk to the owner !!! 
have all 3 kids this wkend , been missing my boy , life is great ! 
just did the hardest thing ever and dont like it at all but if im not worth the truth then theres nothing left for me to give :(( 
love sucks ! its amazing how u meet someone and u get so wrapped up in each other and then he says hes not ready for a relationship . months go by and the love i feel for him is still there and he knows this . but true friends we remain so we can focus on getting our lives in order and i am thankful for that ! and hope the future brings us together 
aaaaaah ! thats me screaming with excitement cuz isle of capri called me in for an interview this friday !!! 
im so done f'ing trying to be there for people , NO MORE , its me and my kids and thats it ! Cant get hurt , lied to or cheated on if its just me !!! F'ing bein upfront and honest is something that some people just dont get !!! SO SCREW IT !!! 
has realized that if they starts to treat everyone in the same way they treat their they would probably tell their that their behaviour was unacceptable . 
off to bed , another early morning awaits me . im running out of time 
rise and shine its almost my interview time :} still dont know what im wearing lol 
I GOT THE JOB !!! jumping up and down with excitement :D 
Anybody on farmville out there that has nails , I only need 1 to to complete my beehive . 
got all my paperwork done today , took my drug test and was fitted for my uniform . orientation next week ! ready to go to work !!! 
laying in bed with my lil girl watching Aliens 
party by the pool for my daughters 10th bday ! whew , its scorching out here ! 
just got the news that a friend of mine died :( not even sure what to say . 
today has been emotionally draining , havnt been to a funeral since i was 12 . went to karaoke tonight in honor of < PROPMALE > , rip my dear friend . 
got my schedule today ! never thought id be so happy to say im working this weekend !!! 
Every single one of you are on my friends ' list as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as a friend , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your status . I'll be watching who posts 
alrighty , 5:30 comes way too soon . Day 2 of orientation :) Good night all 
woot woot ! i got 100 % on my rtv permit ! :} lunch time then couple more hours of orientation and im home freeeeee 
first day of on the job training tomrw !!! super excited . now , do i wear my lil black dress or t shirt and jeans for casual day ??? hmmm 
im ready im ready im ready im ready im ready < in the voice of sponge bob > first day of work ! Have a great day peeps :D 
first day is goin great ! im on the floor making $$$ 
need a foot massage ! great first day ! split the floor with another server and still managed to make almost 100 :)) 
Can anyone tell me how i can get a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > with using fv dollars ??? 
working 9 to 5 , lets see how much i can rake in today in my uniform :} 
my left arm feels like its goin to fall off , lol , but the money i made today makes up for it ! 
being trained in the poker room today :) 
awesome day ! was trained in the poker room , the table games and got a big ole section of the slots . goin to bed now to flip my schedule and be ready for graves . be back later to tend farms :) 
off to work i go :} 
whew , 2nd break of the nite , got bout 3 hrs left and im not sleepy :) must have something to do with the endless supply of cappachinooooos lol . 
slept off and on for 4 hours , blah . school starts next week ! piece and quiet !!! 
alrighty , off to work i go ! I'm working the table games tonight . woot woot . in the words of < PROPMALE > cruise \SHOW ME THE MONEY !!! \ " good night friends :) " 
taking my son to get his drivers permit :) 
1 more night of work after tonite , then 2 days off :) oooh what to do ? 
goin for drinks after work . who wouldve thought that would sound appealing at 9am especially after serving them all night . lmao 
haven't been on in a few days , crops and fish are prolly dead but who cares when you've found someone special ;) 
thought it was strange when i woke up with no missed calls or texts , my phone is off ! but yet i can get online ! wierd ? 
phone is back on ! let the texting begin :)) 
oh no , the sun is coming up !!! time for me to go to bed , hehehe . Good night all 
On break , its so cold in the poker room my purse and phone are fogging up :) 
its been 2 very long years . i want to be in love and happy again !!! and whoever says money cant buy u happiness obviously has not walked in my shoes !! money can pay my bills and that would make me very happy . 
3 1/2 more hours at work then i gotta haul butt to court . not looking forward to that ! 
too bad i cant check on farmville through my phone . < PROPFEMALE > , did u feed my fish ??? lol 
i only need 3 more NAILS to finish my pigpen ! Plz send one if you can :) 
celebrating my fav bartenders birthday ! too early to be this intoxicated ;) 
love and like me for who i am and not for who and what u want me to be ! i am who i am ! take it or leave it ;) 
time to get ready for work ! good night peeps :) 
graves are fine til its yur day off and all i wanna do is sleep , ugh . slept 15hrs , now im ready for the day , lol . 
been up for almost 24 hours , going to bed and letting my phone charge . I have an important call to make :) 
oh heck fire ! my girl is hosting the vma's . come on second wind , i want to watch this ! oh yeaaaaaa , < PROPFEMALE>'s on too 
THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!!!! I'm spending my day doing whatever .... cuz i can ..... hehehehehe . LOVE YOU ALL !!!!! 
getting my haircut off ! try to post new pics b4 i go to work :) 
once again a BIG THANK YOU to all my friends and family for the birthday love !!! i had a good day , the only thing that wouldve made it better is seeing the man that has my heart ! 
time to get ready for work , then spend the day on the river with someone special :D 
oh time to get ready for work ! on table games tonight , maybe my $100 tipper will be there !!! good night all 
i feel so helpless , i feel just like a kid . what is it about u that makes me keep my feelings hid . i wish i could tell u but the words cant be found whenever u come around . < PROPMALE > Gill 
ugh , my lack of sleep today has caught up with me . time for a 5hr energy shot 
good night at work and now ive had a strange turn of events that have left me kind of speechless ! 
I LOVE MY JOB , only here i can tell a guest to quit talking crap behind my back bout getting a drink and laugh it off with the guest ! 
ugh , its goin to be a long day . didnt sleep worth a crap and my knee is killing me . anyone want to bring me a knee brace or ace bandage ? :) 
loving life ! does it get any better than spending the nite and day with the one u really adore ? on the porch swing soaking up the sun , enjoying the breeze , listening to the trees and sipping my amaretto coffee . aaaaahhh :) 
spent 2 wonderful days with an amazing person ! didnt want to leave but its time to go back to work and face reality , responsibility sux ! lol 
im so sick of my schedule being screwed up cuz of servers callin out . < PROPMALE > up bitchezz and do yur job ! i had stuff to take care of this morning . SUPER FRUSTRATED ! 
sick of struggling to pay my rent and bills cuz im too nice or too much of a pushover to say or do anything bout it . shit is bout to end ! 
he may not officially be my man but he sure does treat me like his lady ! very lucky and blessed to have him in my life !!! 
in the poker room with my fav bartender , its going to be a great night ! :) 
i like it on the floor by my bed ;) 
my mommy loves me !!! hehehehe , she baked me some chocolate chip cookies 
wishing i knew where my headphones were so i could listen to music ! any idea < PROPMALE > monster ???? lol 
time to get ready for work . good night < PROPMALE > son , I LOVE YOU !!! good night fb friends :) 
my phone was missing for almost 24hrs ! thought it was a goner 
confused at the moment . y say its ok for me to go out with someone else then be surprised/hurt when i do it ? 
gotta get ready for work . but before i go , a status shuffle from the heart ! good night all :) 
almost done at work then off to < PROPFEMALE > with friends and drink the day away ! 
Gooood moorning friends ! its weird getting up in the am to go to work , hehehe . have a great day ! peace and love 
FINALLY ! Something good . apparently when i bought my < PROPFIRST > i purchased an extended warranty so i have no out of pocket expense for my broke down < PROPFIRST > !!! yaaay 4 me 4 thinking ahead :) 
2 nites in a row i have slept sooo good ! back to work 2nite 
6 hrs of deep cleaning my room today and still not done ! gonna get 3 hrs of sleep b4 i spend 8hrs deep cleaning the bar im working in 2nite . ugh ! 
mom's prayers for a good nite mustve worked , got a $50 tip a lil bit ago ! 
so i found out i had an extendend warranty , just found out it was less than 3000 < PROPMALE > to expire but not before getting a BRAND NEW ENGINE put in my < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Early < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me !!!! hehehehe , on cloud 9 !!! 
get to see my unofficial man tomrw ! hehehe , cant wait :D 
words cant describe the realm of happiness i feel , spent the day cooking with < PROPFIRST > at his parents house :)) 
my < PROPFIRST > should be ready tomrw ! i wanna keep the rental truck tho , hehehe :) 
jeez !!!!! farmville needs to < PROPMALE > up and fix their crap !!! i keep getting this promotion has expired on almost everything , even seconds after it's posted !!!!! FRUSTRATING !!! 
so the guy ive been seeing referred to us today as an item , im guessing thats good ? lol 
goin to get my < PROPFIRST > ! and the guy ive been seeing referred to us as an item , im guessing thats good ? lol 
what the hell ? stupid phone double posting . guess the cancel button didnt work , lol 
7hrs of sleep was NOT ENOUGH after being up for 28 , struggling to stay awake at work . ugh 
bad day to leave my gps at home ! left early to get to apt on time and was still 5mins late ! 
i love my son , he puts the biggest smile on my face :} 
so , leaving my sons apt today , not sure where im going and made a remark bout getting lost until we find our way . his response , ' it doesnt matter if we get lost , atleast we are together ' . love my boy ! 
no sleep today . getting ready for the costume contest at work ! 
having so much fun at work all dressed up :) 
laid down for a nap sometime ystrdy and just now waking up . whew , i needed that 
didnt realize i woke up so early , at work a hour early ! what to do ? 
went from breaker to tables , yaaa , and i dont have to leave early ! theres hope for me gettin my bills paid :) 
chilling in bed watching a movie with my daughter :) 
stupid time change 
goin fishing , need i say more :) 
had a wonderful time fishing ystrdy ! off the next 3 nites , what to do ? 
off work early . cold meds ... check , crackers ... check , p . j's ... check , bed ... almost there ! 
its amazing how my day starts out great then turns to shit in a blink of an eye ! fuck it all !!! 
lets see what my big mouth has in store for me today ? 
had a wonderful couple days off cuz i got to spend it with my secret lover , hehehe . back to work and reality now , blah 
well crap ! went to watch a movie in bed and the sound doesnt work anymore , wth :( 
at work , ready to make some money ! 
cant wait to climb in bed , its been a long night , blah efin blah 
my morning just doesnt feel right without my usual wkend pitstop after work with my special someone :( 
its so quiet . nothing to do but enjoy my coffee , bagel and movie :) 
should be laying in his arms tonite :( responsibilty sux 
i love the reaction i get when i go to a fast food place and order 18 burgers . its hucking filarious ! 
bein domesticated tonite ..... doin laundry :} 
goin to get a 2nd job in the morning or a replacement if all goes well ! 
woke up early to pick up my son , bout to watch a movie with all 3 of my kiddos :) then go to work , feeling good 
good day at work today , next 2 off . yeeessss 
was in a good mood , not so much now 
movies with the fam 2nite and fishing tomrw with my kids and special someone . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY . LOVE U ALL :) 
sooo slow 2nite , blah 
slept all day and now ready to be bored back into sleep at work , got the crapiest section 2nite . blah 
its my friday ! and i get off work early 
are u that stupid , get a fuckin hint and go home already . 
no sleep today , gotta drive to lafayette then turn around and go to texas , worth it in the long run tho 
74 < PROPMALE > in less than a hour , whew 
back home from texas , prolly wont see my sweetie til next week . boooooo 
wow , first time watching the < PROPFEMALE>'s secret fashion show ! awwwwesome :) 
didnt think i'd make it through the nite , never coming without sudoku again . it has helped the time fly ! 
its time to watch the back of my eyelids . 
on 3rd 2nite , sudoku here i come . peace out peeps 
woke up too early today 
maybe some < PROPMALE > guy will give me a huge tip tonite and i'll be able to pay my bills . pahahahaha , wishful thinkin huh 
no < PROPMALE > guy yet but i have a few good tippers :) 
oh man , i slept all day . goin to be refreshed and ready for the nite . maybe that < PROPMALE > guy will be at the slots 2nite , hahaha 
tonite is goin to be great ! 
its been a really good day so far :) 3 1/2 more hrs to go . lets see if i can double my money ! 
yes ! i doubled my money :) 
time to kick up my feet and watch Eclipse with the kiddos . 
brrrrrr , thats all i have to say :) 
had a really good day hanging out with my sweetie . 
its goin to be a loooong nite , its so slooooow 
cleaning my room today , no more procrastinating ! my man is comin over this wkend , dont want him tripping over toys :) 
i need a small miracle tonite ...... or some people on my side to start tipping !!! staying positive either way :) 
in a delightfully good mood this morning , cant wait til tomrw ! 
to bed i go and off for 2 days . wishing i could spend 1 of them with my sweetie :( 
goin to lunch with the ex , goin to be interesting 
lunch went well , then took the girls shoppin with their dad . now its time to kick back , relax and watch a movie . 
jackpot is over 150,000 and i only have 4 tables , booooo 
aaaah , my bed feels so good . good nite peeps 
missing my baby 
had the < PROPMALE > to go home but stayed , what was i thinking ? i guess leaving with a little money is better than none :) 
just googled < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the valiants , tonite is goin to be interesting ! cant wait :) 
oh boy i am tired and have another long nite at work , hopefully this one will pay off better than lastnite !!! 
nite 2 partying in the cove with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Valiants . woohoo , goin way better tonite :) 
i fear its the beginning of the end and its slipping through my fingers . question is , do i < PROPFEMALE > on with all my might or let him go ? 
working with my fav bartender tonite , my boyfriend ;) saweeet 
for all the peeps that keep asking . YES , we are officially bf and gf ! :) 
3 more hours , ugh . im sleeeepy 
nothing like waiting til the last < PROPFEMALE > to get all my wrappin done , stupid graveyard shift . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL MY FRIENDS N FAMILY !!! XOXOXO 
once again ive been an ' embarassment ' for speaking my mind . im true to myself and those around me and for that i will not apologize . too often we come across people that lie to your face , why is it easier to deal with those people than the ones that are honest ? 
fishing with my baby today 
love has a strange way of sneaking up on us , but is it enough when you feel like your always bein put on the back burner for everyone else ? 
for the last week ive been an emotional wreck cuz it hit me , those 3 lil life changing words ...... do i say them or not ?....... when is the right time ? is there ever a right time ? During a heated conversation today , i got the courage ....... and said them . 
got my hair trimmed and bout to highlight it . needed a change 
my mouth and i have issues , it seems to get me in trouble with those that are dear to me . got a heavy heart tonite . blah ! 
workin with my sweetie tonite :) :) :) 
very bummed out today , had a great time yestrdy but it sux not knowing when i'll see my < PROPFEMALE > again :( 
thx to everyone that showed up to erics goin away party , we had a blast ! for those of u that said u were comin and didnt ... i'll be nice and just say YOUR LOSS , u missed out on a good time with one hell of a good man and a bartender that spoiled us all directly and indirectly and deserved to have all his friends come say bye and wish him well . 
not really looking forward to goin to work , its just not the same anymore :( 
its official , work sux without the surprise phone calls or visits while he was on break :( its amazing how the little things make such a big impact . goin straight to bed * sigh * 
waiting sucks ! 
i was asked to spread the word and what better way than on here . < PROPFIRST > will be in town tomrw morning ! u kno where we'll be , hope to see YOU there :) 
a weeks worth of tears finally making their way through , 4 hrs together is not enough :( 
this time tomrw i'll be on my way to texas , CANT WAIT ! :) Missing my baby 
aunt < PROPFEMALE > , u knew i was goin out of town to see my bf . there was no need for u to come visit this week , U SUCK ! 
good times :) got my man , a movie and some beer . miss my babies tho but they are in good hands . love u mom ! 
ugh , i hate leaving him but happy to see my kids . wish we lived closer together 
its so slooooow at work , blah ! 
kind of lost this morning . got off work early , wanted to go to texas but cant really pop-in in the middle of the night unannounced . what to do ? 
hope nobody decides to call out cuz i want to go see my man 
my gamble paid off ! only prob , he's asleep and im awake . lol . either way , i can cuddle and when i fall asleep it will be with him :) 
a delightfully strange last 2 days ive had :) 
finally takin everyones advice and watching 300 
i think that corndog was a foot long ! 
bbbrrrrr 
Wagin is not the same without my baby :( missing my baby 
taking the kiddos to do something today :) 
ugh , frustrated ! 
had a 4hr power nap after work , taking the kids to play putt putt today :) the only thing that will make my day better is talkin to my sweetie or seein him b4 he leaves for work 
disgusted for the disregard of my feelings this week but im goin to move forward and take my kids out for some fun time :) 
kicked butt at putt putt , got 3 hole in 1's . think my son is paying me back with his driving skills ! aaaaah , save me ! hehehe 
laying in bed watching tv with the girls anxiously waiting to hear from my sweetheart 
now i can sleep ! talked to my < PROPFEMALE > and he made it to n.o. safely . its gonna be a long week waitin to see him tho . 
jeez , laid down at noon for a nap and just now waking up . stupid graves , i dont even have to work 2nite ..... what to do all nite ? 
it sux not bein able to chill with my < PROPFEMALE > on my days off but i totally have somethin to look forward to this wkend , cant wait to feel his sweet kisses and warm embrace !!! 
making roasted potato soup , mmm mmm 
3 more days .... i can do this 
mmm , left over potato soup . im full ! next stop , nap time :) then work 
holy cow ! did ya hear that 16yro on idol ? gave me the chills ! anybody that can sing < PROPMALE > turner better make it to the finals ! 
omg , tonite is the worst nite for me to forget my word search at home !!! aaaah 
whew , there was so much garlic in that cabbage im goin to have to chew on mints for the next 2 days 
mtg with the lawyer to start the big ' D ' paperwork 
alrighty , thats done . gonna try to go back to sleep . peace out bitchzzz :) 
ugh , cant sleep . work is really goin to suck if i dont get more than a 2hr nap ! 
1 more day !... then im goin to see my man :) 
had a bomb dropped on me a lil bit ago ! wow ! this is goin to be interesting , * evil laugh * muhahahaha 
time goes by too fast :( 
how do you forgive someone that u absolutely despise with every ounce of yur being ? 
my nail color is called friar friar pants on fire . who comes up with this stuff ?! lol 
im stunned this morning ! i heard rumors bout me lastnite ..... and they were true !! bet yur wondering what it is ?? i got the swing shift spot ! :) this is a true blessing !!! i put in for it knowing my < PROPMALE > of gettin it was slim to none . THANK YOU MY GUARDIAN ANGEL ! 
im stating the obvious , brrr its soooo cold ! wouldnt be so bad if we could wear pants with our uniform ! wind is whipping right through my tights : § 
an intense drive to work , hit a lil ice patch on the bridge . glad i wasnt driving fast ! then my exit was closed and had to reroute , wrecks every where . 
made it home safely , in my comfy clothes eatin fruity pebbles and about to watch The Other Guys :) 
wont be seeing my sweetheart this week :( both of us have work , work and more work . stupid responsibilities 
the sunshine feels wonderfuuuulllll , aaahhhhh :) 
whats the temp outside ? who cares , ive got bronzer on and im soaking up the sun ! 
on cloud 9 ! :) 
can describe how happy i am ! my most fabulous man surprised me this morning while i was sitting alone at the bar ! oh so happy :) 
darn it ! slept through the half time show . boooo . but was woken up by a call from my sweetheart and thats all i needed anyways :D 
playing charades with the kiddos , good times :) 
watching Dinner For Schmucks 
my poor baby girl is sick and cant go on her field trip :( goin to plan something nice for her instead 
im exiled to the crown , what is goin on the big boat ?!? im hearing all kinds of crap . 
off work early , goin to see my man ! yaaay :) 
working the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > concert , woot woot ! goin to be fun :} 
had a good nite at work and a great day in texas , hate to leave 
this is BS ! a beautiful day , wanted to do something special for my kids and now im sick ! spent 15hrs in bed freezing then sweating , dont even have the energy to drive to the store , ugh ! 
awww , my son was goin to take me out to dinner but i feel like doggy do do , to put it nicely . so i suggested a movie at home and take out , atleast i get to spend valentines day with one of my special guys :) 
dear cold , i want u to go back into the bowels of hell from which u came from ! be gone beast !!! k , < PROPMALE > . ba-bye 
full < PROPFEMALE > , crazies are goin to be out . tonite should be interesting 
people didnt get on my nerves too bad tonite , only made 1 guy feel bout 2ft tall after yelling at me and i didnt have to say much :) 
going to buy a bbq pit tonite , might even treat myself to some makeup and perfume 
oh yea , got my pit ..... a nice big red one ! and some make up , yippeeeee . 10 bucks for this eyeliner , it better work good ! 
ready to see my man ! 
hows that bbq pit looking ?! 
i woke up feeling sad and like i was missing something then i realized it was my sweetheart . time went by way too fast today and this wkend wont come fast enuf 
omg ! i was signing my daughters paperwork at the dr office and i started writing my emp id # after my name ! thx capri for drilling that in my head , lmao ! 
this is my last week on graves ! swing shift here i come , woo hooooo :) 
i love surprises , especially when my sweetheart shows up at my door ! ive got the best man ever ! 
this is it , my last nite on graves and it sucked ! lol . goin out with a bang after work :) 
i said i was goin out with a bang and i did , lol . thank you < PROPFEMALE > for driving me home ! 
going bowling with friends later . woot woot 
holy shit , how did bowling turn into martinis ? lol 
f*ck this shit . i hope whoever busted my window and stole my purse enjoys a bagfull of makeup cuz my money and debit cards werent in it ! stupid motha fuckers , jokes on you !!! u got a handfull of change ! 
my night out was not worth the crap im dealing with today :( 
getting ready for work in the afternoon ..... wierd , lol . 
hate the silent treatment ..... but on a good note my first swing shift is goin good ! 
my window is fixed ! 2 hrs at the bar = a busted window , stolen purse , the silent treatment and 300 bucks . NOT WORTH IT ! think i'll be staying home for awhile . 
got served today 
its my friday and i get to spend it with my man :) 
brrr , im fafafreezinnnng . 
im making stuffed cabbage on the grill ! let u know how it turns out < PROPFIRST > :) 
my cabbage is on the grill , now its time to prep the pineapple < PROPFEMALE > yaki chicken . 
spending my mardi gras cleaning my room , doin laundry and then work :( oh well , somebody has to do it . HAPPY MARDI GRAS peeps ! have fun and be safe . 
wth ! sum1 has my bf's phone and replied to my text . atleast i kno he will be calling tomrw :) miss the daily talks with my hun 
darn you rls , i want to go to sleep ! 
off work , drinking a beer maybe two 
ok so 3 beers , lol . 
wowzer ! 
a blonde drops her black dress off at the cleaners , on her way out the lady at the counter says come again , the blonde says no its toothpaste this time you nosey bitch :) 
finally getting my stuff after being in storage for a year and a half ! :)) and its goin back into storage til i have room to put it in my apt , lol . 
u kno it would start raining when the movers get here ! 
2 crates done , 4 more to go ! :) 
good thing im not an angry violent person or else i wouldve walked up to her and punched her dead straight in her face , just saying ;) 
had a wonderful early bday dinner for my son at texas roadhouse , still full ! 
aaaaah , so excited ! my < PROPFEMALE > is coming home early :) dont have to wait til the wkend to see him ! 
soaking up the sunshine :) 
guess i didnt get enuf vitamin D frm that sunshine cuz im in a foul ass pissy mood , good thing i took my zoloft , shouldve taken 2 :| 
can u say nickel card ? lol 
big smiles :)) a surprise visit from my man ! yaaay 
had a great day , went shopping with my sweetheart while my oil got changed on my < PROPFIRST > , had a surprise visit at work now goin to lay next to the one i adore so much ! nite peeps 
almost to my final destination ..... the arms of the light of my life , other than my children :) 
what a day ! laying out with my < PROPFEMALE > , sipping on beers and no work tonite . aaaah , loving it :) 
time to get on the road :( 
holy cow , everybody's been saying it looks like ive lost weight ...... i have .... 12lbs ! that puts me to 57lbs total loss ! no wonder why ive been feeling flabby , lol . 
crap , its time to get ready for work but im having a hard time getting my butt out of this chair 
got to sleep in , layed out for a lil bit ... now its time to drive home and see my kiddos 
mmm , homemade chicken pot pie , thanks mom ! ~ hiccup ~ 
just want to curl up in my bed and go away :( dont ask me to share my feelings or thoughts then give me the silent treatment cuz u dont like them . if bein honest gets me this then maybe i should bcome a liar 
2 1/2 more hours , i can do this . 
tonight is goin to be a good night ! 
so much for last nite bein a good nite , freaking anxiety got so bad almost had a panic attack :( flipping had to leave on my table nite 
i danced with a pickle 
i danced with a pickle in the elevator because the voices told me to :) 
nothing like a lil retail therapy when yur feeling down 
cleaning my room today 
nothing like angry white girl music while cleaning , muhahaha 
nowhere near bein done with my room , cant wait to see my new book case tho . its gonna be awwwesome :) 
my bookcase looks great ! thank u brother :) 
