is gonna start some Hawaiian Sweet Bread to baking and then hit the gym . 

has noticed that it's International Sushi Day on the 18th . Fuck Yeah ! Anyone know where to get some QUALITY sushi ? Not the buffet stuff ... 
is feeling lazy today ... I think the gym will wait until after Micro . I'll get some cleaning done and practice guitar first , then I HAVE to study Micro ... been neglecting it . Doesn't matter how smart you are if you don't know the material . 
... that if , at those roses you venture to sip , the colors might come away on your lips ... 
We are the little folk , we ... / Too little to love or to hate / But leave us alone and you'll see / How fast we can drag down the State ! 
Going to work for two hours ... I'd bitch about the gas to get there not being worth it , but I only live two or three < PROPMALE > away . 
is about to do something that , if he had any goddamned brains , he would have done a long time ago . 
is fine , now ... good lord , I didn't think I had any friends , then I come home to 10 concerned messages . I'll let you all know what was up at some later point . For now , sleep then work . 
is gonna go to sleep and work .. loving life right now , and I don't get the < PROPMALE > to say that often . 
is still loving life ... be careful , I may lose some of my bitterness , and that would be fucking horrible . 
just woke up next to a dream ... and she's still here . 
is apparently still dreaming . 
is still in heaven ... what the hell . Normally life steamrolls me by this point . I must have some good-luck charm . A wonderful one with red hair . 
is so happy , and never wants this to end . 
is feeling satisfied and loved . 
is damn close to letting something stupid get in the way of the best thing that's ever happened to him ... so why can't I just drop it and forget about it ? 
thinks he has everything under control now . * twitches * 
is in heaven with his angel . How did this happen ? How can I possibly stay cynical and caustic toward the world now ? 
has had a busy weekend , and this week / weekend doesn't seem to want to change the tempo ... but with the help of SOMEONE , I'm sure I'll make it . Wonder who will volunteer ...? 
is so glad his love is home ... and hopes she liked the dinner he cooked , even if it wasn't perfect . 
just saw The Bucket List and thought it was awesome ... and watched it with the perfect person . 
is living his dream life ... 
is finally learning what it means to be happy with things as they are , as opposed to ALWAYS looking toward the future . 
can piss people off from 0-60 in . 0001 seconds somehow ... it's a goddamn talent , I suppose ... but I still love you ! 
is about to head to work for a moment , in order to obtain some really good or really bad news . Wish me luck ! 
is so glad to have walked through his apartment door , and the first thing he saw after removing the key from the lock was HER . It's like falling in love , over and over again ... 
seems to be fucking awesome at saying just the wrong thing ... but meh , I've done it for 23 years ... people will get used to it . I'm trying to get better . :D 
is sitting in bed with his < PROPFEMALE > ... no better place to be . 
is about to make some screwdrivers and get buzzed with his sweetheart ... She makes me believe in God ... finding someone so right doesn't happen by < PROPMALE > . 
is watching his sweetheart sleep ... How can something be that scary and that cute at the same time ? :D Just kidding , she's pure cute . 
is at home , trying to write a lab report with an irritated < PROPFEMALE > in the kitchen . Yay , I love knowing just what to say to piss her off ... :,( 
is at home , writing his lab report ... still ... damn after-sex naps ! 
is at Micro lecture for a change ... worried about the final that happens on Monday . -_- 
just got a 93 on a micro test ! :D 
These points of data make a beautiful line / We're out of beta , we're releasing on time / So I'm glad I got burned , think of all the things we learned / For the people who are Still Alive ... 
CPR Class for 8 hours and then Lucian has karate , then guests over -- Dear god , I'll be killing people by the time the night is over . 
is in CPR class ... Oh , boy . This promises to be filled with fun information ... and urine . Lots of urine . 
heading to a very empty lunch .. maybe I'll break and get a salad . 
is glad he finally found someone who can put up with him when he's in a grumpy ( and horny ) mood . 
didn't realize that 7am existed since he stopped working 3rd shift ... urgh ... and there's never any coffee because I forget to set the automatic pot ... God help me , I need my wits about me . :( 
is in the twilight of this stupid CPR class ... god , I just want to get home to my < PROPFEMALE > . 
is home but forgot < PROPFEMALE > had to take Lucian to a Doctor's appointment today ... so now I'm just waiting for my two loves to come back home . =( 
has to go to work soon , and his < PROPFEMALE > is feeling sick ! Aww ... :( Wish I could stay and coddle her ( not that she would let me with things to do ... ;) ) 
is finally done with his three days , and feels like passing out ... but has a fun activity to do first ! ( Hint : SEX ! ) 
has had a wonderful day with his < PROPFEMALE > , and hopes it ends on the same note -- plus , I've an old computer to fix up ... that ALWAYS makes me happy ! :D 
has a bruise on his foot from the beach , didn't sleep well himself , and also has a cranky < PROPFEMALE > ... should be interesting . Pray for me and her , ' cause I'm sure I'm not in a good mood either ! 
feels tired and irritable , despite having a good day . What's up with that ? 
has just been SERVED by both his girlfriend and his former English teacher / friend . How low can you get ? :P 
... 
is overcoming adversity through sleep !! :D Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > , for being the one who is overcoming it through being awake ... ;) 
is about to get some Hah-Lewsh-Kuh , get the kid in bed , and snuggle up and watch some House . 
About to get Lucian to bed and get some more psychology done . It never ends ... school ... brains ... 
is about to collapse for approximately eight hours and then begin a tilt-o-whirl of death that will last for at least the next three eternities . 
is about to dump a load of clothes in before running to school ... ah , I can't wait until we're all caught up on the domestic stuff . 
got enough sleep yet is still cranky ... and wonders how you teach a 4-year-old autonomy . 
is completely satisfied , in a state of true balance . What got me there ? Meditation ? No ... something better ... 
loves getting up early ... and on a more serious note , I love Ohio . You're putting up light poles every goddamn 10 feet on a stretch of highway that has nothing more dangerous on it than grass , yet you can't afford enough buses to bus all your students , so I've gotta drive ' im there and back . 
is about to go cuddle up with his love , and get some much-needed catch up rest . Yes , It's barely ten o'clock , but Christ , we both need it . 
is sick as hell , to the point where I called off of work ... :/ though I get to spend the day with my love ! :D 
is having an awesome time at the Nate-master's house ... but missing his sweetheart , all the same . :) 
is wishing his love would dress up as a go-go dancer ... 
is fresh back from a walk ... it really does get things going in the morning to excercise . Now : Cleaning ! Yay ... 
is about to start on his schoolwork hard-core ... you know , the old-fashioned way , with the books and looking things up and whatnot ... I love you , < PROPFEMALE > Mosier ! 
just found out his mother had a mild stroke , and saw a movie with a horrible , scary ending ... about to finish up this note and hold my body pillow . Hopefully I'll get snuggles in the morning ! :) 
is about to go to work ... bleh ... would rather stay home with < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
is about to do some running around , then have an ASS-KICKING night over at Nate's , and stumble in late drunk on plasma rifles and rocket launchers ... then tomorrow is a wonderful day with the < PROPFEMALE > ... ZOMBIELAND !!! :D 
is about to go out with his < PROPFEMALE > to do some running around , and then of to ZOMBIELAND ! After that , I figure it'll be some good old-fashioned nerdery , than I've gotta head to work and throw something on someone's computer ... Oy , the life of a technophile ... 
enjoyed Zombieland , pretty awesome movie . Watching < PROPFEMALE > sleep ... she's so adorable ! 
is sitting in bed with his < PROPFEMALE > , wishing she didn't have so many essays to keep up with . :( Love you ! 
Just went for a walk , visited < PROPFEMALE > , and did ... some other form of cardio :D , and is about to be served breakfast ... God , life can be good if you stop to think about it ... 
just got back from a meeting at work ... they're cutting our shifts by 15 minutes in order to save money . Any average 6-year-old can see that eventually it's going to be cut more ; that this is a step-down program ... might need to start putting in applications . 
just arrived back from a walk with his < PROPFEMALE > , which was enjoyable . Going to try to have an awesome day cleaning up and putzing around . 
is moving into a two-bedroom apartment on Tuesday ... Yay ! We will have a REAL LIVING ROOM AGAIN ! 
is moved into his new apartment ... despite only being held together by a single seam at the moment , I'm glad . 
just got his letter today ! I'm in clinicals for Spring ! Whee ! About to wrap up this Civ I study guide and go relax in our bedroom with my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is about to collapse into bed ... but got into the CMA class ! :D I'll only be wiping ass on a full-time basis for another 6 weeks or so ! Woo ! 
is winding down from a wonderful evening spent playing Prototype ... because he has a wonderful girlfriend who will let him zone out on life for a whole night and just be glued to the computer .. 
is about to go to his first CMA class ... a little nervous , but I only missed 3 questions on the test they give you to see what you know already ... so I should be fine . 
finished his first day ... wasn't too hard , but the first day was mostly the legal mumbo-jumbo . 
just went on his first trick-or-treat as a father . I think I understand why some parents use dog shock-collars .... just kidding , Lucian had a blast , and we did trick-or-treat at my Nursing Home too ... was actually pretty cool . 
is finally home with his < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFEMALE>'s bonfire . It went well ! 
is getting used to wearing scrubs seven days a week ( 4 of class , 2 of work , and on Mondays , class from 0800-1430 then work from 1500-2330 . Whee ! ) ... By the time I'm done , it'll feel weird to wear regular clothes . 
is now home ... for now , anyway . Not sure what to do with this evening , it's the first one I've had to myself / my family in a while . 
is sending out maximum possible E-FECTION to his < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :D I hope you become E-ffected , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is about to head to CMA class ... my god , does it never end ? I've still got 4 weeks of it , which means four more Mondays of class = work . Urgh . 
feels like clawing his way through work today , directly through the torsos of his residents . You don't have to perform care on people who are dead more than once ! :D Dear God , Mondays suck for me . 3 Mondays like this left ! 
is glad another Monday is over . 
is still glad that Monday is over . 
just received some fantastic physical therapy ;) Staying up to study for the test in CMA class tomorrow , then getting a nap . Life is very complicated right now , but It'll even out . 
is about to start his whirlwind of activity . 
is about to start his weekend ... may god have mercy on my soul . 
is about to lay down and get busy tomorrow ... wonder if I'll end up working a double ? Time will tell .... 
is about to head out to the laundromat , put up some blinds ( that should be interesting ) and head to work for an indeterminate amount of time , then go to class Monday morning . There's a reason I don't own a gun ... 
is working a double ( 2nd-3rd ) and then going to CMA class in the morning ! As masochistic as that sounds , I think it's better than working Monday evening .... 
survived his 30-hour-waking ordeal . Not bad ... I can still do it ( barely ) . There was a time in my life during high school that I operated on a 48-hour clock ( I only slept once every two days ) . Can't quite make that happen now ... getting old ... 
is about to hop in bed with his < PROPFEMALE > and watch the Matrix Trilogy ! Nostalgia Time ! :D 
and < PROPFEMALE > just got a new phone . If you don't have the number and want it , send me a FB message ! 
feels like such a goddamn dork .... I just bought WoW , WoW : BC , and WoW : WOTLK . :/ Ah , well . I'll be a dork who is having fun , at least ! :D I also bought my < PROPFEMALE > some shoes ! 
is zombified , like he is every Tuesday . Jesus , there's no time to catch a breath until next week sometime ... dunno if I'm going to make it , or if I'm going to go off the deep end .. 
just got done relaxing for the night ... It was absolutely wonderful to just come home and crash in the bedroom with the laptop for five hours . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ... I SOOOOOOO needed it . 
is at home , and is on the fence between being happy and being pissed off , both for no reason . What's wrong with my head ???? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas .... because you're all probably sick and tired of seeing \Happy Thanksgiving\ " by now . " 
actually went to Black Friday this year , got a 32\ LCD HDTV for $248 ... maybe those crazy bastards aren't so crazy ... " 
is about to start on his Psych paper , then go to work , then sleep , then get up and work on his Psych paper , then go to work , then sleep , then CMA class , then work , then sleep ... is it any wonder that I get cranky on the weekends ? Having the other 4 days off in a row almost isn't worth it .... 
This is the last Monday I have to do this crazy 0630-2345 shite ... < PROPMALE > me the strength of will not to kill someone . 
feels good . The bedroom is re-arrainged , all three computers are functioning , I have no CMA class tomorrow , and < PROPFEMALE > is wearing a low-cut shirt . YAAAAAY ! 
is about to kill himself concerning the completion of a Civilization I essay . This textbook is so useless , and of course we're not allowed to use outside sources .... 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 48 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty . 
is done with the silly copy/paste crap . Looking forward to a Monday that doesn't involve CMA class . 
is about to collapse into bed . 
is about to ( hopefully ) have a fun , productive day with his love ... I finally get to spend a day with her ! 
is fortunate that he has a wonderful woman who will let him have boys ' nights . :) 
is in < PROPFEMALE > / DC ... having a good time , about to do all of his family reunion-ing . 
is back home in Ohio , and half an hour away from work . >.> Yaaaay . 
has never had a more confusing , emotional , but in the end happy night . 
is amazed at how welfare works . Simply fucking amazed . There are many people who should not be able to sleep at night -- recipients and caseworkers . 
has had the most wonderful last few days .... let's keep the trend going !! :) 
is watching the most sexy thing in the world ... 
You're all probably sick of hearing it , so I won't say it . 
is sitting across from his < PROPFEMALE > and relaxing , getting things done . Man , 4th day in a row bites hard . 
finally played a game , been trying for a week ! :P Going out on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , god help me . 
+1 for broken cars ... god help me . I'm going to try to follow directions over a phone to fix a machine that I don't know how to fix . 
has given up on the car for the night , will try again in the morning when I have someone here who knows cars ... gonna play NWN2 with my baby for a bit , then bed ! 
is still feeling very sick , < PROPFEMALE > is sick as a dog also ... Woo ... Happy New Year . * cough * 
Here's to 2011 , I suppose . New Year , New Job , New Outlook . Let's try to make it better than the last ! If everyone makes that attempt , the results will be additive ! 
is rocking out to Conway Twitty and work and missing his wifey . :( I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just performed the equivalent of open-heart surgery and a colonoscopy ( in that order ... which makes sense for a computer ) on his wife's computer . It is now perfectly healthy , and functioning . 
spent the day sitting at the table like a big boy and doing office-type things . I've hope for the future ! Love you , wifey ! 
is just waking up . * yawn * Got a busy day , so I suppose I should get off here ... 
has a CMA test today , but is studying with his classmates , plus has a very supportive < PROPFEMALE > at home cheering him on . I'm so lucky to have her ... I don't say that enough ... :) 
is annoyed ... took my test only to come home and find out that they sent my application back , because my oh-so-brilliant teacher didn't give me a < PROPFEMALE > in the packet ... 
was just told by his college that they would give him an iPod Touch with his financial aid , to put the nursing materials on it ... so I will soon be the proud owner of an iPod Touch , despite being broke ! I don't understand how the world works , sometimes ... 
failed teh written part of the CMA class , and just found out that I won't have a spot at my own facility ... one of my classmates got it . :( Such is life . 
can't sit and feel sorry for himself forever -- time to find out how to schedule a re-take , and how much it's gonna cost . 
is about to head back to work , wearing blue ... let's see how this goes . If any of you hear about a murder at Center Ridge , you'll know someone mentioned something that is a bit touchy at the moment .... 
got sent home today ... yay for overstaffing . 
is ready for some R&R , but not in the cards ... 
got a lot done today , even though the bank account is still dripping red ink ... one problem at a time ! 
is still feeling so tired ... but slept well last night ! Argh !! 
TGIF will not apply to me at least until summer .... my new set schedule : Every week , Friday , Saturday , Sunday . I'll be the only one going TGIM ! 
Just as an FYI- I do not have an iPhone . I have an iPod Touch that Facebook thinks is an iPhone . 
is digging through the ditches and burning through the witches . 
is about to go to the gym , then go to school for seven hours . I think I see a nap in my future once I get home ! 
just went to the gym and had a cup of coffee , but is feeling queasy ... drinking coffee when slightly dehydrated can exaggerate the dehydration ... perhaps that is what it is . I'll try to grab some water from somewhere , hope it's free . 
is feeling better , the tummyache went away . ' Twas probably from drinking the coffee too fast . On another topic , it's the third day of classes , and my 3\ Binder is 85% full . Methinks I'll be hitting up Staples at some point to get one of the ultra-large ones . " 
is considering jailbreaking his iPod Touch ... 
is so happy to have slept without chemical aid for the first time in over a month .... thank God and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
is about to watch 3 45-minute videos of a teacher standing in front of a wall , speaking . Yay . 
just realized that I forgot my binder , so what little useful knowledge that could be slurped from this droning boor will go largely unretained . 
can't do it . He just can't do it . Fuck these videos . I know you check how long we're logged in ANGEL , teachers . So , while I'm playing Dragon Age on my laptop , you'll be droning incessantly toward the wall , because I'm going to set you up on the netbook and put you in a corner . 
is annoyed . Half his classes were cancelled today , including the one that made him get up at 6am . * sigh * 
is about to start another wonderful class of dictating powerpoints . 
has a full schedule between school , home , and what little personal time I have . Seeing as no one has so much as posted a ' Hi!' on my wall , I don't suppose it matters ... but I still like to keep you lot informed . 
is about to trek to the tax place . May God have mercy on my Refund . 
just finished studying for a bit , and is now popping in < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online ... * drool * 
Just finished playing < PROPFEMALE > Trek : Online ... It's everything that my geeky little brain could < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to have to work hard to study instead of play it ... and now I'm about to take a shower with a woman who is everything that my geeky little heart < PROPFEMALE > s .... good day . :) 
is nonplussed . For better or worse , the first test of 115 is over . I think I did well , but when I think I did well is usually when I need to start worrying . We shall see . 
is about to embark on a few hours of non-stop reading and schoolwork , before actual work . Thank God < PROPFEMALE > is here to keep everything balanced , dunno what would happen if she weren't! :) 
Checked off for Oral Meds ! One check-off down , 834,761 to go ! 
thinks that this new Facebook setup is stupid . 
is about to take off in the damn snow to go to clinicals . Everything in this city is shut down EXCEPT for the college . I suppose it isn't too bad out there ( to me ) , but still ... could have used a little vay-kay . Ah , well . Shite happens . 
is feeling super sick ... fever of ~ 103 , tummy cramps , and vomit . Whee ! 
Monday , huh , yeah , what is it good for ? ... ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ! Let me show you where I am today : I literally just took a bite out of my coffee cup . 
just installed a wireless network printer for the apartment . This is on the level for the rest of you non-geeks with shooting the game-winning shot , or drinking the most liquor at the bar . 
is studying in the classroom , but missing his baby . :( 
had my first day of clinicals ... I had to bathe someone , change them , get them out of bed , do their vitals ... thanks a lot , LCCC . I always wanted to do STNA work for free , and now I finally can ! * growl * . 
had a wonderful breakfast that was ready for him when he got out of the shower , cooked by his soon-to-be-wifey . Thanks , hun ! Now , to schoolwork ... ugh ... 
is participating in a class group discussion ... that is , I'm peering over my laptop occasionally to sneer at my classmates and fire off a short , smart-ass comment whilst already having the assignment complete ... and listening to people say \Diagnose-ehz\ " instead of Diagnoses . I would really like to be put in a room with lobotomized patients . At least then they'd have an excuse . " 
woke up this morning to scrambled eggs , bacon , toast , and strawberry milk . If you guys aren't jealous , you just aren't paying attention ! ;) I love you , hun ! 
wants to set the record straight- < PROPFEMALE > puts up with a lot of crap from me . Like , fertilize every garden on the planet level of crap . :P I don't realize it all the time , but when I do , I like to say something ... so , here's a public THANK YOU ! :) 
has his head in his hands . Of course the car would break down now , when we don't have any money to fix it . 
just procrastinated for 10 minutes ... thank God I noticed it ! Back to work ! 
is so glad that he has a soon-to-be-wife who can deal with all his crap ... 
is missing his < PROPFEMALE > , but is having fun playing XBox360 and studying calculus ! 
is feeling even worse with the flu , but still managed to have a wonderful day yesterday with his family . Now , if only I didn't have to work today ... 
is studying for a test on Thursday ... bleh . 8 days until Birthday , 10 days until marriage , 25 until Trans-Siberian Orchaestra . March = Best month EVAR ! 
is about to take a 115 test that he didn't have a < PROPMALE > to studyfor until this morning . Pray for me . 
wants to thank everyone for the well-wishes ... it sucks having something like this happen , but if all of my coworkers ( save one , of course ) know that I care about the people I take care of ( despite my humor ) , that's good enough for me . 
had a fantastic birthday , which was orchaestrated by his wife-to-be ( tomorrow , in fact ) . I'm also going to Nate's for my geek bachelor party . No snorting coke off a hooker's ass here ... just plain fun video games and soda . Whee ! 
No job , the car just broke ... it's an awesome life at the moment ... but I'll figure it out ! I always do ... and now I ( officially ) have someone to figure it out with ! 
has a fixed car , and while still no job , I'm optimistic about that ... < PROPFEMALE > had her license and Social Security card changed today -- she's officially < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > de Marr ! :) About to install Win7 on the laptop , wish me luck ! 
is showing my mother how to use Facebook ! May God have mercy on all our souls ! 
is tired as hell , about to hop into bed ... wedding party tomorrow ! 
is about to go back to his long day of school ... * groan * Spring Break , did you have to go by so quickly ? 
guess who forgot his lab coat ... AND has a test today that he didn't know about at 8am for an added bonus !!! 
survived the test ... but damnit , it was the easiest test ever ! Instead of a guaranteed 100% , I'm not sure about a couple of the lung sound questions , because I forgot all about the test ... 
just had a very organized day ... despite not spending much of it with my < PROPFEMALE > , it was calming to at least be on some sort of schedule ... 
just did a test in 115 ... harder than the other tests , but still not too bad . This go round , for the final and everything , I'm actually going to have some sort of study schedule . 
hates punishing him , but how else will he learn ? He's about to write sentences about what he did wrong in school . I hate making writing a punishment , but he still freewrites on his own sometimes ... that means that we aren't destroying it for him , right ? :P 
went to TSO last night with the wife ... it was absolutely AMAZING , despite the idiots in the row in front of us getting drunk ... just goes to show , even in the orchaestra section , you can have < PROPMALE > hicks ... 
is chomping at the bit to sign up for summer classes ... this'll be interesting , it's the test run of the new system . I sense a clusterfuck in the near future . 
Just like I thought , clusterfuck . 
Well- imagine , if you wil , the most massive cluster that you can . Doesn't matter what of , as long as it's roughly the size of a dozen galaxies . Now , imagine a GIANT jar of liquified FUCK . Enough to cover the twelve cluster galaxies . Now , multiply that by a few million and you are beginning to appreciate the new \MyCampus\ " software . " 
misses his wifey ... but math has to get done , yes it does ... :( 
in lab , learning about caring for wounds ! Doing the same thing after class , too ! Then orientation for a new job ( Woo ! ) and after that , grocery shopping . After all that , I hope to spend some alone time with my wifey , whom I sorely miss . :( 
Yet again , trying to practice wound care turned into ( for the most part ) a session of random questions and ultimately unimportant nonsense that , if ANYONE had allowed ANYONE ELSE to run through the procedure just once , could have been answered logically . I think I'll come back to practice tomorrow ... have to see how the day works . 
is contemplating taking CHMY 161 over the summer , in addition to his two nursing classes .... hmm ... and missing his wife , of course . Wish me luck on the wound care check-off ! These sterile gloves are killer ! 
passed his wound change check-off ! Woo ! The 114 test was a bit hard , but I think I scraped by ... 
This week just won't QUIT ! On the run again , pray I don't get in trouble with my teacher ! 
yet again curses MyCampus ! It won't let me sign up for Chemistry this summer because I haven't completed MATH 022 ( a prerequisite I tested out of ) . In your grime-encrusted eye , you computing piece of schiesse ! I probably know more math than YOU ! Another trip to the registration desk ... sigh ... 
is about to head to clinicals ... my God , my work schedule is about to be stupid-crazy . 
has just gotten home from work and is trying to do his Microsoft Word work ... this stuff gets kinda difficult toward the end , believe it or not . 
groans . The 115 test was absolutely horrendous . 
is fighting to stay awake , so that he can shift his schedule for the three days a week he works midnight shift . Urgh ... am I a nurse , yet ? 
What's the point of cramming all your hard work into three days if it takes you four to recover ? 
Oh , FYI : Passed both of my competencies on no sleep for 72 hours ! In your eye , ADN program ! 
is so thankful to have a woman like < PROPFEMALE > . All people have issues , and all people have troubles ... but having a partner who is able and willing to work through them can turn a mediocre life into a beautiful one . 
just found out that Lucian's school isn't actually teaching them how to count ! They're giving them piles of blocks and letting them count them all out at once . For example , they don't learn 6+3 as starting at 6 and then going 7 , 8 , 9- They just count out six blocks and three blocks and start from one . 
totally bombed the last 114 test . Badly . Yay for my work schedule ! 
Can't seem to stop doing things wrong ... Anyone have an anti-stupid pill ? . 45 caliber or larger , please . 
Is about to go in the apartment , study , and then for the first time in AGES , curl up and sleep next to his wife . there has to be a better way to make the money we need to live ... 
< PROPMALE > DENT . CAN HE BE TRUSTED ? 
Does anyone know of some ACTUAL work-from-home opportunities that help you make some extra money , par t-t ime ? I just need some supplemental income . I've thought about delivering newspapers , but that's mostly midnight-shift hours , which I already work ... 
is missing his < PROPFEMALE > , but has to keep his mind on the fact that all this time apart will equal massive time together , with peace of mind , after schooling is done ... 
is about 3 hours away from a test he's worried about ... and worked last night ... God help me . 
FUCK ! 
-expletitive retracted- . Apparently , a 77.77% rounds up to a 78% ! Jesus Christ , but was that close . Well , marriage , losing a job , getting two more , working nights , working both jobs before class , having a son ... these are not all bad things , but they are all stressful . Not to mention my own personal faults ( of which there are many ) ... time to buckle down over the summer , get the GPA back up . 
hasn't been on facebook in almost a week , I think ... yay for busy life ! 
is sure that NURS 145 will be easy as cake ... as all of the assignments can be performed on \ ... any person you know over 65\ " . Heh ... " 
is having a boys day today ... first one in quite a while ! May I take a moment for a shout-out to my wife , without whom I probably would havefailed this Spring ... and without whom I would probably fail summer , since I'm already sick of this crap ! :P 
misses his wifey , but is glad to have a boy's day ... but I'm sorry that our day tomorrow is going to be cut short / nonexistant . :( Stupid appointments . :( 
just enjoyed an awesome day with his wife ... I think I'm finally learing to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb ... +1 to anyone who gets that . 
wants to bang his head against the table . If Nursing is so blasted hard , why are all the classes so stupid ? 
can't believe that people wonder why I don't like the rest of the human race . 
has an impacted wisdom tooth and no insurance ... I'm irritable ( far moreso than usual , if you can believe that ) , I have a headache on the left side of my head , and the left side of my throat aches ... not to mention the near-intolerable pain stemming from the tooth itself . Urgh . 
Everyone look at my new Twilight photo album ! Yay ! :D 
groans . It took me an hour and ten minutes to get from waking up to functioning . God help me , but thanks to the stupid MyCampus cock-up , my fall schedule doesn't allow for any other shift . 
is finally slogging through his Chemistry at a fairly steady pace , and wishing his wifey didn't feel sleepy / bad . :( 
is dead tired after being surprised into working last night .. urgh ... Going to try to take a 70-90 minute powernap when the wifey gets up- hopefully that'll solve it ! 
is about to head to work , just tucked his wife and son into bed . Assuming this red painful bump / splotch on my neck isn't terminal cancer , I'm looking forward to this life . :) 
is thinking about teaching lessons in sarcasm . 
had 7 oz of blood and pus drained from his neck this morning at the ER ... now on two antibiotics and Vicodin . Yay , narcotics + maternity . 
just applied to a Nursing Home ... keep your fingers crossed ! Circle K was nice for a break , but it's time to make enough money so that my family and I aren't constantly suffering stress headaches ! 
is sad that he has to sit here in the chair listening to lectures when his wonderful wife is five feet away on the couch . :( :( :( :( 
“Cleanliness becomes more important when \ 
godliness is unlikely . ” P . J . O'Rourke . I knew there was a reason I \ 
shower twice or thrice daily ! :) 
was told today at his interview that he is \one of a very few people in the younger generation who can pull off wearing a suit and hat\ " . Good sign ? Maybe ... " 
just recieved his financial aid check , and so did his wifey . Thank you god , we can pay the rent . 
is so happy that his wifey takes the time to clean the house ! Ladies : You can be Ally McBeal * AND * Mrs. Cleaver at the same time ! :) 
WAFFLES ! TASTY WAFFLES , WITH LOTS OF SYRUP ! 
is about to take a shower and then get some non-Vicodin rest . Narcs stop you from getting to deep sleep- you sleep but do not rest . I also miss my wifey . She's here , but I never see her . >.< 
just fired 100 bullets from a 9mm Glock . My God , there is no better relaxant ... well , maybe ONE , but that's for later . 
just got back from the midnight opening of StarCraft 2 . Yes , I'm rockin ' the < PROPFIRST > Raynor Dog Tags , and you can all go to hell if you don't like it . 
is headed to bed . WIsh him luck on his test and finals ! 
Another hour of class , and then it's home to clean big time , and then time to study for the final ! 
just wants everything to go back to how it was . I'm gonna go hide in the closet , someone come get me next Wednesday at midnight . 
is finally at some sort of peace about < PROPFEMALE > being gone . Christ , it sure as hell took long enough . 
is just waiting for a call ... 
is confused . 
has a blinding headache ... literally . Urgh ... 
thinks , that after 6 days , it was a stupid mistake to have actually gotten happy about having all this time to himself . Now , I want nothing more than to snuggle with her and hold her close ... Does realizing this make me smarter than the average man ? :P 
is about to do some buku-cleaning and then running around . Bleh . At least it's overcast today ! :) Miss and Love you ! 
misses his < PROPFEMALE > ! Why is it that we have to play FB / phone tag when I most want to talk to her ? The pain ! :) 
is waiting for his < PROPFEMALE > to get home ! She's on a plane now ! 5 hours and counting ! 
thinks that sometimes God likes to screw with him . >.> < PROPFEMALE>'s plane was delayed , so she has to stay the night in North < PROPFEMALE > , and come home in the morning ... It could be worse I suppose , but I'm still not a happy camper . :( 
Look at me still talking / When there's science to do / When I look out there / It makes me glad I'm not you / I've experiments to run / There is research to be done / On the people who are Still Alive ....... 
had a good first day , but has managed to come down with a summer cold ! :( Thank god I'm only orienting right now- if I had to do actual work , I'd probably keel over ! 
hopes that his wife finishes talking to her mother before he has to leace ... would be nice to see her for at least a minute ... >.< 
is entertaining his mother ... yay ! Thanks to my wonderful wife , who is taking care of all the household stuff so that I can . :D 
\Parents have become so convinced educators know what is best for children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Wright Edelman " 
stood in the doorway and watched his wife sleep ... she's so pretty . :) 
just got back from a six-hour long zoo trip . I liked the animals , but the unlimited number of crying children almost drove me insane . I debated wandering into the gorilla cage in order to take a gorilla and throw it out into the crowd . 
is misssing his wife like CRAZY ! 
Oh my fucking God . My psych nursing teacher has more of the stupid than any three of my previous instructors combined . I want to kill myself . I can't take this for another semester . None of the nursing teachers do ANYTHING to challenge their students . 
is actually going to enjoy 129 clinicals .... finally ... thank you . 
wants you all to guess who has a broken laptop .... AGAIN . 
is about to crawl into bed . I love my wife more than my life . :) 
Is doing well , despite a broken toe- he enjoyed a lovely dinner with his wife , son , and mother . Mother goes home tomorrow ... Boo . 
is cooking Scottish Breakfast Pies and Cinnamon Rolls for his wifey's breakfast ! 
loves his wife . End of story ! 
wants to rip his brain apart and fling the pieces across the known universe . 
forgot his psych book ! Argh ! I can still get some things done here , but I won't be able to rip into the assignments like I planned to ... >.> 
loves psych , and Psych Nursing in particular . Why is it that the teacher is doing her level-headed best ( level-headed used incredibly loosely ) to drive me from my specialty ? 
is glad he'll be sleeping tomorrow . All I've ever seen from 9/11 tributes are nonsensical hate messages spewed out against an ENTIRE religion or country , when only one sliver ( extremists ) of one section ( jihadists ) of a religion carried out an attack that was financed by a country ( Saudi Arabia ) that we aren't even attacking . Fuck , I hate this world sometimes . 
is at work , doing psych ... the one nursing class so far that I've loved . I just wish my mind weren't in such a dark place ... 
is so far out of it that everything feels fuzzy and distant . 
can feel the roots of the last bit of his sanity tugging free ... 
got tired of waiting for some dummy arms to open up , so he started a couple of IVs on his own hands ... That's gonna be some bruising later . 
is so happy that he was surprised by < PROPFEMALE>'s from his beautiful wife ! 
is headed off to class with a more relaxed worldview . There's something to be said for that , I suppose . Many thanks to his wonderful wife ! 
thinks his wife is wonderful for allowing him to spend all his time with his best friend this week ! :) 
is going to attempt psych class ... so tired ... 
fell asleep in the damn chair and missed half of lecture . Whee . 
somehow missed his IV checkoff ... THAT should be interesting to explain to my clinical instructor next week . 
is sitting at work , studying and missing his wife . Also nursing a headache that he's had for 10 hours and counting . Urgh . 
fell asleep in front of his damn chair again ... it's time to crawl into bed . Yet another thanks to my oh-so-wonderful wife , who rearranged her plans so that I could get uninterrupted sleep ! Three cheers for the woman ! 
is studying and munching on rabbit food ... Wifey be proud ! 
wants to go into his abdomen with a < PROPMALE > halberd and carve out his stomach . Make it stop ! 
can't believe how much his lovely wife managed to get packed already ! I couldn't ask for a better mate . I shall have to figure out a time to help her , if she is running at 200% and I can manage at least 50% , we can get this stuff done . 
is tired as hell , but is looking forward to spending the morning with Wifey , and then at least part of the afternoon in bed . 
is now authorized to shove things into your urethra . Only time ( and my level of boredom ) will tell if this is a good thing or not . 
Fuck Higley . Maybe I should just go to med school . 
is in class , but would much rather be at home , getting some snuggling done . 
Is so tired that he's debating just staying in the car and sleeping ... I would be dressed for work already , and wouldn't have to wake up until 6 . Hmmmm ... 
misses his wife ... 
just got back from Trick-or-Treat night at work ... my heart goes out to all those who could not start laying people down until after we left . :*( 
is feeling more out of it than usual today ... like everything is phased out by a half-second . 
is getting to bed late and getting up early to move ... and has NG tube checkoff tomorrow AFTER lecture . Urgh ! 
.... is ..... going .... to ... die .... 
is finally moved . I feel like I was hit by the very U-Haul I had to cram everything into . Next time , I'm packing . We will have much less stuff . >:) 
feels like there's a chainsaw trying to escape through his ( Impacted ) wisdom tooth ... Also a shout-out to my wifey , who has managed to get quite a lot of unpacking dome whilst her useless husband lay sleeping . 
needs just a single day to recuperate and get his mind and body back in some sort if balance ... But it is looking like the earliest opportunity for that will be next week sometime . 
is planning to make a very shocking change to his life . Stay tuned , for the four of you that may care . 
can smell spaghetti cooking ... yum ! :) I'm lucky to have a wonderful woman who will cook for me ! :D 
is honestly touched by the outpouring of interest . Thank you , all ! 
feels like he's watching himself from the outside , sometimes . It makes it hard to interact with the real world in anything other than short and furious bursts . 
can't believe that his wife let him sleep , and walked Lucian to school ! She's the most awesome person on the planet ! :) 
has a wonderful wife . That is all . :) 
thinks that if it weren't for his wife , he'd probably be laying in some gutter with his lifeblood draining into the sewer . Thank you , my sweet ! 
misses his wifey ... but she's too busy to spare a moment for him on facebook . * sniffle * Work is going okay , though , so hopefully I won't be dead by the time it's snuggle-time ! :D 
wants everyone to keep his wifey in their mind- she's going through a hard time right now and needs support ! :) I've got the face-to-face stuff covered , but being in someone's thoughts is always a good thing , too ! 
would like to thank everyone- my wife is feeling much better now , and was happy to hear that people were caring :) 
feels like someone has taken a wire coat hanger , unwound it , stuck an end in each eye , and pushed and twisted . I sense a call-off in the future . 
wants to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving today- I work tomorrow , so this is my Turkey Day ! Thanks to my in-laws for rearranging the massive amount of home-made food , especially on such short notice ! 
is still stuffed from Turkey Day . His wife and mother-in-law did a wonderful job with the food . I don't envy her the clean-up today , though . :( Sorry babe ! 
has the most wonderful wife in the world . :) She does everything I need her to , and on top of that , she manages to somehow put up with all my nonsense . I love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has just successfully hacked the Wii ! 60 bucks a game , my fat ass ... 
This stupid number thing seems interesting . FB message me with a number , and if I feel like it , I'll anonymously post what I think about you . Probably end up getting me in trouble , but meh . 
is about to start doing this silly < PROPFIRST > thing , but first wanted a status saying how much he loves his wife . :P Usually every status is about her , but I've got to answer these silly < PROPFIRST > for a bit . 
wants everyone to keep his mother in their prayers tonight ! :( 
wants to thank everyone ! Mom appears to be alright ... Now I suppose my actual visit with her can begin ! :D 
has a wonderful wife ! :) In addition , life seems to be leveling out for me , which is 1000% better than the roller coaster it has been . 
is contemplating the future . So many options with this degree , and most of them are military / government . Lots of choices , but there are more immediate concerns- after all , if you're reading a book that someone is writing , you cannot flip to the back of the notebook and expect to read the ending if the author is only halfway done . 
ALERT ! My phone is officially turned off for the moment . Damn that Christmas season . If you need me , call the house number . If you need the house number , leave a comment on this status . 
wishes his poor wifey didn't have the flu .... and a sprained knee ... :( 
finally got his tree set up , thanks to his wife . I've never put lights on a tree before- it can be a very frustrating experience . >.< 
is listening to a mix comprised of Eminem , Old Blue Eyes , Conway Twitty , and Trans-Siberian Orchestra . Why do people wonder IF I have problems ? I think we're done with the assessment stage . 
couldn't wish for a better woman- I'm hard enough to get along with at the best of times , and she manages to slog through it all with a smile . Even crippled , she manages to find a way to take care of me ! 
is job-hunting in the tech field . Anyone with any connections , zip me a message ! :) 
updated his \Twilight\ " folder ! :D " 
is about to head for the first class of the semester- woohoo ! :D 
- so far , so good ! This teacher is a salty old Navy WO3 , so he and I get along quite well , even if he doesn't allow computers in his ... Network Installation class ... 
is doing homework ... normally I'd be bitching , but it's nice to feel like things are back on track . Between semesters , I find myself gnashing my teeth , wishing I wasn't stuck in stasis . 
It's official . I sprained my ankle so bad that the MD did a second set of X-rays because he was sure that I broke it ! Oww ... no money for the pain pills he prescribed , either . Just call me hop-along . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tuscon , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not just the means they chose to utilize . Don't just like it , re-post it !! Plus if guns are outlawed - only outlaws will have guns !! 
My Math Teacher ( who speaks with the stereotypical Russian accent ): In Math , we make many rule . Like in Soviet Russia , when prisoner moved from one place to the other , they told to step straight . Move left or right , and they and their family are shot and killed . Math maybe not so strict , but ... -laugh , then glare- ... Maybe . \ 
\ 
Ladies and gentleman , I introduce to you my favorite teacher for the semester ! 
' s life just got busier ... 
1 interview down for this job , and 3 to go- and two of those are happening on Monday ! :D 
hasn't heard from the guy fixing his car for two days , and it was supposed to be done yesterday ... no bueno . 
I would like to say , in front of God and Country .. that I index for tests . * solemn silence * :D 
http://www99.epinions.com/content_34484358788 I think this awesome review was written by me without my knowledge . :D It sounds like it came right from my mouth . 
has just finished this week's homework . Urgh . Now it's time to go crawl into bed with my hunny and snuggle before getting not-quite-enough sleep to go to math in the morning . 
wants to report that FB chat isn't letting him talk for some reason . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't say it in the chat , so I'll say it here ! :P 
gasps for air ... the storm ... it's so horrible ... there are snowflakes ... good thing they cancelled the schools ... don't know ... if I can make it ... \ 
Damn Ohioans . You're better equipped to handle the snow than I am , and I'm chuckling at this nonsense . 
wishes to rip someone in half . It took me fifteen minutes and blue hands to get the ice off the windshield , then I'm going down Abbe Road and almost die because my door * that I am leaning against * flies open ( apparently the lock didn't catch because it was frozen ) , I survive that , get here , and find out that my math class was canceled . I'm not one for trendy acronyms , but in this case ... FML . 
wonders about his son sometimes . \ 
Him : \School had two desserts today ! \ " \ 
Oh , joy . The crap with our car might have to turn into a police matter- Raise your hand if you think I don't need this ! 
is relieved to have the car back , in good working order . 
Random Quote That I Like Time : Once blood is shed in a national quarrel , reason and right are swept aside by the rage of angry men . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
I can't believe it . The car is broken again . SAME problem . Did we just pay $1200 for a transmission for nothing ? 
FINALLY ! Fourth Interview ! Yay ! :D 
hopes that what TurboTax said is accurate ... 
Happy V-Day , baby ! :D Here's to many more ! 
thinks that it is amazing how something you begin as a lark can quickly become something serious and thought-provoking ... 
would like to note that I didn't have to change my profile pic for V-Day : My wifey is in my pic every day ! :D 
feels like flesh-eating weevils are devouring his insides , with one exception- if these things were REALLY eating me , then the bits they ate would cease to hurt , instead of this full-body wracking pain . Short version- Flu from Hell . 
thinks that this math test would be easy , if he could think . As it is , I think this'll be the one that gets dropped . Blurgghhhh . 
In technical terms , I believe we would call the preceding test a \fail \"." 
' s fever is breaking as we speak ... It's a gross feeling to have all of your skin just start leaking water ... 
has to take three tests containing 200 questions each . Whee . 
groans ... I keep feeling better and then like crap again in a couple hours ... this HAS to stop by Tuesday . 
might die . Stay tuned . 
thinks that there are three things you never wake : A bear , A tiger , and a sick sleeping person , no matter WHAT they tell you . 
suddenly got tired- I wonder if this has to do with having sat in a bleach-soaked room for 20 minutes ? 
sat for almost half an hour in slence before realizing that alone-time is wasting . :P BULLETSTORM ! :D 
can't wait for his wife to feel better ... she keeps hacking up lungs . :( Where she gets them all , I don't know or ask , but it's very sad . 
Yay , thunderstorm ! 
is off to work ! Very awesome ! :D 
is now officially Rev . Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > de Marr , DD ( Hon ) . I have also been gifted the title \Apostolic Exarch\ " . Make of it what you will . " 
has somehow managed to sleep wrong on both sides of his neck . Oww ... 
is about to shower and head to work . 
had a wonderful birthday . :) Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Everyone pray for my wife . :( Everything we've tried to do this week has ended in a mess . The car's broken again , my surprise party isn't a surprise anymore , pretty much no one is able to come to my party ( screw you guys , too ) , and I have NO idea how I'm going to get to school or work this coming week . Oh , and it's our anniversary tomorrow , too . I'm not prone to internet acronyms , but FML . 
Happy Anniversary , < PROPFEMALE > ! Sorry that I can't go out and get you anything like I was planning ! :( 
is glad that things are returning to a normal tilt . Getting the car fixed wasn't THAT much , but of course we found out that the guy we paid before didn't do everything we paid him for , so that's ... what that is . -sigh- Lesson learned , I'm just glad we have a good mechanic now . He fixed the starter , sway bar , and the tranny leak in 12 hours . THAT'S service . 
is also pleased that his mother , wife , and mother-in-law all got together and threw a huge World of Warcraft party ... Wifey even dressed up like a Draenei ! :D All the party food was real food from the game , and had the little \+X to HP\ " next to it ... and the cake was the Alliance crest . Totally awesome ! :) :) " 
is preparing to reformat his computer . I hope to see you all on the other side , and may God have mercy on our souls . 
has re-emerged ... success ! Now , to see if it fixes my problems , or if I'm looking at a hardware issue ... 
Day 1 of computer withdrawal . Shakes ... Minimal . Eye twitches ... Present . Gnashing of teeth ... Absent . 
already knows his Geek Squad Service Order Number by heart . I promise , Geek Squad , it's not a DoS on your tracking site , it's just me fanatically looking up my status ! 
is going into work tonight , and doesn't mind at all , except for missing out on family time . It can be truly terrifying to have a job that you enjoy ... 
is so far not at all impressed with the Verizon 4G USB dongle we was given to test from work . I'm writing up a proper review , may post it here when I finish . 
has a headache and a sore throat . Yay ! School till 1230 , work 1-8 . Knowing my luck , I'll probably have to be at the counter . Ah , well . Still love my job , though ! 
is happy ! They junked-out my old laptop and gave me a comparable model ... which is not really comparable so much as AWESOME ! >:D 
is relaxing , playing Wii Party with Lucian while < PROPFEMALE > de Marr sleeps the sleep of the just ... or the sick , either way . Looking forward to geeking out with < PROPMALE > Beauchamp later ! :D 
had a successful geek-out with < PROPMALE > Beauchamp and < PROPFEMALE > de Marr , among others ! Awesome night , awesome GM , awesome friends ! :) 
just finished playing Homefront . Good game , short-ass campaign . 8-10 hours ? Really ? :/ There are some people who still enjoy single-player , you know . 
had a very relaxing day ; a pleasure that is far too infrequent with our busy lives ! To work for a couple hours , later , then back to the school / work / home grindstone tomorrow ! Thank you wifey for making the day nice and smooth ! 
is studying for his 145 Quiz and missing his wifey ! :) 
