Happy New 2010 Year !!!! 

* sigh * 
Quiz Weekend 
Who wakes up early anymore ? xD 
4th happy 
just read something so beautiful it made her cry and hug the writer to dead ! 
Why are people online on the fourth of July ?! Shouldn't you be watching the fireworks or something ? 
\because I can ... \"" 
); 
wants you to do this . Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don’t speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you’re finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you 
Psychodynamic psychotherapy 
always writing , always thinking ... 
Just posted a note , please read \The Narrative\ " and tell me what you think ! Thanks a bunch !! " 
Panic Attack . With Capital Letters . 
Edit : Panic . Attack . With Capital Letters And Periods . 
is much better now ! thank you for < PROPFIRST > for editing my paper ! 
Midnight !! 
Why are people up ? 
things said are footprints on our minds 
it's just another love story ... 
rain <3 we've been waiting for you ... 
is seeing signs ... 
They all have these engulfing eyes ... 
Happy Holidays !! 
had the craziest evening today !! She saw Sherlock Holmes and then Avatar with her precious brother ... Sherlock Homes - intelligent , genius , and adventurous ( even romantic , in the classic book way ) . Avatar - fun , food for thought , and full of energy as well as emotions ; it made her cry some of the times . Oh , how I love some movies and their true meanings behind all the story and thrill ! 
Thank you so much everyone ! 
Thank you , thank you , thank you ! 
is thinking ... And had an awesome time with < PROPFEMALE > L . Gonzalez and my mother at the opera today ! Long live opera ! 
had so much FUN at the YOPBC Concert with Tiempo Libre tonight ! I even danced ! A lot ! x ) 
like the fact that the term \woo\ " has survived hundreds of years ... " 
had loads of fun playing music with her trio <3 
Oh the things you could do ... 
So many things going on ... AWESOME PARTY < PROPFEMALE > ' jel-bel ' Rodriguez-Gonzalez !! < PROPFEMALE > Brito & < PROPFEMALE > Mathews , very cool to see you again !! Now ... where is my essay that's due tomorrow ... 
Who knows what the future holds for us ? Speak up now ! 
Chatterbox ! 
It's no wonder ... 
had an awesome time today playing with < PROPMALE > and Ericsson at a \mini\ " concert !! :D " 
Speaking words of wisdom - let is be ! 
< PROPFIRST > was beautiful !! Splendid , and touching !! The conductor's musicality was confusing , but the lead singers made up for all the confusion ... Breathtaking ! 
There's a big lump of fur on my couch ... 
Pourquoi ? 
' s heart is a-thumping 
Caterpillars turn into butterflies , ugly duckings turn into swans , and all bad leads to all good ... 
Had a bad dream ) x 
Happy Mother's Day to youuu ! ( My dear mom ! ) 
HEY TO ALL !! WHAT's HAPPENIN ?! 
is back ! 
life goes on and we don't even know it . 
Wow ~ Thank you everyone ! Hope everyone is having a great New Year !! 
Campbell ... It's amazing what soup can do ? 
:) 
Just came home from an evening to remember , forever ... <3 
Dancing in my head with music in my heart ... 
