studying for finals ... 

finally done with school !!! :D 
Had an AWESOME day !!! 
cactus is cool 
Was playing Halo with < PROPMALE > batman and cactus til < PROPMALE > and cactus quit ... but i actually beat batman ... which is a big deal ... but he only used grenades ... i used my gun and grenades ... lol ... 
Freaking BORED !!! 
Freaking playing Halo with < PROPMALE > and Batman and they are freaking CHEATING !!! We cant even take down their sheilds !!! FREAKIN SORE LOSERS !!! Go jump off a bridge ... lol ... and drown for 5 seconds ... but survive ... unfortunately ... 
Freaking me and batman just built an awesome map on halo ... we even have our own houses on it ... lol ... and cactus lives in the taco shack ... and < PROPMALE > lives in the dumpster !!! The only reason i have a house is cause i deleted batmans house ... so i rebuilt i 
Tonight is my last night in CT ... im so excited !!! Were leaving at 4 in the morning !!! :) 
Going back to < PROPFEMALE > in the morning ... ill be starting school soon ... ugh ... lol ... 
Today was my first day of school ... it went great ... everybody is sooo nice here !!! 
just got back from the game ... it was amazing ... nothing like i expected !!! 
Going to the game tonight ... GO WILDCATS !!! 
some people need to define the word friendship !!! 
Have to clean today ... got company coming later ... gotta help cook all day tomorrow :/ 
Hopefully tomorrow will be a good day ... unlike today :/ 
Things are getting better :) ... only 13 more days :D 
leaving at midnight !!! :) 
finally home ... hopefully new years will go better than christmas ... 
mw2 as soon as my dad gets off it ... hopefully that will be soon ... lol ... :) 
Watching movies with mom and tina ... wonder what were gonna watch next ... lol ... 
I smelled a baseball hat under your bed because I'm cool like that ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
boreddd ... 
Love my new hair ... its so different :) 
Ordered my Class ring !!! 
Feeling a little better ... 
Just got outta the pool with family ... might go watch a movie with < PROPMALE > and tina ... maybe ... 
Going to SC ... gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my BFF Mysti !!! I also have to drive there ... hope it goes good ... lol ... 
Only 2 and 1/2 days of school left ... thank god !!! :) And only 3 more days till i go swim with dolphins !!! :D 
Today was the last day of school ... thank god ... had a great time with everyone at Peppers today !!! :) 
Got my classes fixed today ... freaking got English honors back on my schedule unfortunately ... so now I really have to pick up on my reading ... ughhh ... but good thing is ... I got physics with < PROPFEMALE > second semester !!! Yayyy !!! But my < PROPMALE > year looks like its gonna be a good and easy year :) 
8 more days until doomsday !!! 
Anbody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ... go do something ...??? Just text me if u want to do something ... my # is on my < PROPFEMALE > info ... 
spent the weekend with my bff < PROPFEMALE > Heatherly 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Henderson is a slutty pig !!! Hahaha :P 
Attention Facebook Friends ... Please ignore < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Henderson ... She's a little on the dumb side ... She's always saying negative things about me on my wall ... 
Comment me a color ! BLACK -i h ? te you . PINK -i f ? ncy you . PURPLE -i would d ? te you . BLUE -i did love you . RED -i do love you . SILVER -we ? re close . GOLD -i like you . GREEN -i will ? lw ? ys love you . ORANGE -i think you’re sexy . YELLOW -you’re my best friend . BROWN -you’re funny . Put this ? s your st ? tus and see wh ? t colours you get ! 
Get home and see all my posters ripped in half ... freaking little kids !!! Way to put a downer on my day ... now im just super bored cause everyone is asleep ... feel free to hit up the cell ... 
Just woke up not too long ago ... had a great nap ... lol ... now im gonna go kill < PROPFEMALE > and her freaking stupid country music !!! Ughhh 
I guess im going to the Waterfront ... 
Just about had a heart attack when i turned and looked at the computer and saw a spider come running across the desk towards me ... in less than a second i was all the way outta the room ... i knocked chairs down and everything ... hahaha ... im such a spaz when it comes to spiders ... 
Goodnight Facebook Friends :) 
Super bored ... nothing to do since its late :/ 
Heading to the base track to run with my BFF < PROPFEMALE > Heatherly :) 
Hanging out at my house tonight ... hoping my bff < PROPFEMALE > gets to come over so we can < PROPFEMALE > out ... 
My bff is going to the game and I don't want to go so I'm flying solo tonight :( 
Going for a run with my bff < PROPFEMALE > 
Had an intresting night with someone ... totally took me by surprise ... :) 
Starting to see things clearer ... 
People should be sure of what they want before they take action . A kiss is supposed to be a special moment shared between two people , not something you run around giving to every girl that catches your eye . It can be misleading and cruel . 
I got Batman silly bands ! Woohoo ! 
Had a great night ? ... Going to < PROPMALE > world in a lil while ... 
Out to eat and then going to the waterfront :) 
Having a great day so far . Got my hw done early thanks to my wonderful and awesome mom , Shawnett Miller ! Then i got to play in the rain , or more like dragged outside and threw into the puddles ... lol ... and here in a little while i get to have a huge family dinner ! Good times , good times , good times . :) 
Had a great day at school ... thanks to all my awesome friends .... took a nap and got up and filled out my first job application ... i really hope i get a call back ... 
OMG !!! Just went and bought Halo Reach !!! Got a poster , a beanie , and a $20 gift card with it !!! Freaking Sweet !!! :D 
Fixing to go play Halo Reach finally . Stupid hw , ive been waiting to play it all day ! 
Had a great day at school today ... Had a good time hanging out with my bff < PROPFEMALE > Heatherly at the game ... Maybe dinner and a movie tomorrow night ... 
Heading to Peppers to meet with the friends , then going to the movies to watch Easy A ... :) 
Just got home . Had a great time with my friends ! :) 
I hope i got all my hw done , dont exactly remember everything i had to do ... oh well . Going outside to lay underneath the stars :) 
Snobby girls come from New York . Sweet girls come from Alabama . But we Kentucky girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , drink with the boys , and if we really have an opinion you can bet UR ASS ur gonna hear it . :) 
Im so sick * cough , cough * . I dont think im gonna make it to * cough , cough * school today ... how unfortunate :'( 
I might crumble I might take a fall again 
Got to go to school tomorrow :( well i got the feeling i was missed today though ... lol ... 
Just got done cleaning the kitchen for < PROPMALE > , at least im getting a good deal outta it though :) Now i have to go do hw :'( 
Just got home from helping tutor for the writing test , I feel very smart now ... lol ... had a pretty good day at school , glad tomorrow is Friday ! :) Got to go do hw now ... :( 
Give up on reading The < PROPFEMALE > Letter ... i just cant get into it , i fall asleep every time i try to read it . I'm probably going to fail the test tomorrow ... great ! Glad tomorrow is Friday ! Got so many plans this weekend ! :D 
... since everyone else is doin it For the next 2hours , you can ask me just one question ( only in my inbox ) that I will answer with complete honesty . I dare you to put this as your status and see what you get asked ... 
So far having a great day . Went and volunteered at The Salvation Army this moring , it was tiring but fun ... lol ... fixing to go to my BFF < PROPFEMALE > Heatherly's house ! :D 
Going to the waterfront ! :) 
I just turned in another job application ... I really hope I get a call back ... Got my fingers crossed ... 
I like it on my nightstand , and sometimes in my chair , and occasionally on my dresser ... 
Done cleaning , finally . Probably gonna go get on Reach and get the challenge of the day with < PROPMALE > , then im gonna go to bed , lol . Can't wait for tomorrow ! :D 
Finally saw the greatest guy ever today , my dad , glad he's home ! Now none of us are gonna have a care in the world again ... lol ... :) 
Had a great day at school today . :D Writing test sucked though , :/ it was the stupidest topic ever for a persuasive essay ! Eventually gonna do my hw , then just chill for the rest of the day ... lol ... :) 
Had a great day today ! :D Gonna chill for a while . Halo Reach later ! :D 
Had a great day . Just got done making the scarecrow and carving a pumpkin ... we all did a great job ! :) Really hoping we can decorate more . I'm gonna have to talk the parents into it ... lol ... 
Glad I got to stay home today . Having a great day ! Helped dad take his system and everything else out of his truck today , can't believe sombody is already buying his truck . :'( Got my car windows tinted today , can't wait to help dad put a system in my car this weekend ! :D 
Im a little late on posting this , but i finally got my system in my car ! It didnt take as long as i thought it would ... lol ... it sounds pretty good right now , but its gonna sound even better once i get some bigger speakers , i cant wait ! :D 
Had a pretty good day at school , it was a pretty fun ... lol ... glad i dont have that much work to make up . :) Going to go do hw now then chill the rest of the day . 
Greatest day ever ! My dad surprised me and replaced my 8's in the car with 12's ... it sounds amazing now ! :D 
Been all over Jacksonville and Camden today with < PROPFEMALE > White and her family , staying at her house tonight ! :) Going to Brunswick with my parents tomorrow to look at phones ! :) 
Just got my new phone ! :D 
On the bus . Had a pretty good day at school . Really tired though . :/ 
Pretty good day at school . Not that much hw tonight ! :D On my way home . 
Today is going to be a pretty busy day ... I'm gonna have a lot of hw tonight :( 
Yep , a lot of hw ... :( 
Had a great , fun day at school , rest of day was great too ! Going shopping tomorrow ! :) 
So I'm officially going to homecoming now , I got my dress and shoes and everything picked out ! Thanks mom and dad , I love you both ! :) 
I'm such a nerd ! 
Heading to school , today should be a fun day ! :) 
Babysitting ... gonna get paid today ! :) Today is gonna be a busy day ... homecoming later ! :) 
Homecoming was amazing , I had a lot of fun ! :D 
No hw tonight !!! That means I can just chill today ! :) 
Once again no hw ! :D I'm think Fable 3 most of the day ... lol ... 
Had a really good day at school . :) This weekend is going to be amazing ! :D 
Mysti is finally here ! Going to the movies tonight ! :) 
Just got home . Today was probably the most fun I've ever had at school ... lol ... glad I got to get a feel for the filming industry ! :) 
Playing Black Ops ! :) 
Happy Veterans Day to those who have and are serving our country , much appreciation and love goes out to all for the sacrifices you make ! Especially my dad , < PROPMALE > Miller , love you ! :) 
Home ! :) Had a huge surprise waiting for me when I got picked up ... lol ... probably going out with my friends tonight . Going to be a great weekend ! :) 
So I had a great end to a school day , I got to see my < PROPMALE > CJ that I haven't seen in like forever ... glad he moved back here ... lol ... now < PROPFIRST > just needs to move back ... 
Babysitting ... later gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and start cooking a few things for tomorrow ! :) 
Holy crap ... I just got a phone call from < PROPFEMALE > wishing me a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... hahaha 
Just got done chilling with < PROPFEMALE > and Corey ... pretty fun night ... lol ... 
Had fun over at < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! Ready to go to sleep now ... lol ... its been a looonnnggg dayyy ... 
So my dad just threw me on the ground and repeatedly hit me in the face ... well not literally , but he did throw me on the ground and repeatedly hit me in the arm ... dads ... lol ... they never grow up ... hahaha :) 
Had a blast over at < PROPFEMALE>'s today ... ready to go to sleep now ... lol ... 
So we ended up opening all our presents tonight ... lol ... which was awesome cause now I've got my new amazing TV ! Thanks mom and dad ... I love yal sooo much ! :D 
My key chain is finally complete now that my amazing parents gave me my car key ! Yay ! I love yal so much ! :D 
Just got all my hair chopped off ... i love it though ! :) 
1st : Personal Fitness/ HealthII- West\ 
2nd : Acting I- Hill\ 
3rd : Physics I- Lyster\ 
4th : Public Speaking- Woolf 
Last day of freedom ... :( 
Had a good day at school , pretty fun day actually . Trying to figure out what to do tonight ... lol ... 
I guess I'm going to a party at the Cumberland Inn tonight . One of my Aunt's friends is performing there . 
Fixing to go to bed , really tired ... had fun at the party though ! :) 
Had a great day at school ! :) 
Just got done going over my actions exercise for acting class tomorrow . I hope I don't forget one of the steps , and that everything goes good tomorrow ! :) 
Had a good day at school , did good on my acting thing , even got to see some old friends , and its Friday ! What a great day ! :) 
So I threw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Heatherly and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > a surprise birthday party last night . It went very well , they didnt even see it coming ... lol ... but I couldn't of done it without my amazing mother Shawnett Miller !!! So I hope everybody had fun ! Love you guys ! :) 
Tired of all this freaking school work ! Ready for this weekend ! :) 
Dyed my hair again ... it actually looks red this time . It looks really good ! :) 
Finally ate at Chick-fil-a here ... hahaha ... 
Ready for the weekend ! :) 
Had fun at school today , ready to get tomorrow over with already ... lol ... :) 
Cleaned my baby ( my car ) today . It looks Amazing ! :) It looks even newer ... lol ... 
Been working hard all weekend ... lol ... been blaring the music and painting the deck all day today with Shawnett Miller and < PROPMALE > Miller ... had a blast ! Oh < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Hairy helped too ... hahaha :) 
Finally finished the deck today ... thank goodness ... lol ... it looks amazing ! I'm burnt now , but at least I had fun , and Dad will be so proud of us ! :) Ready for a real break now ... lol ... 
Had fun at the Mad Hatter Tea Shop and Waterfront with < PROPFEMALE > , Meggie , and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Been super busy today ! I've been driving and walking everywhere . Pretty good day though . Dying my hair right now . :) 
Not a red head anymore , dyed it back close to my original color ... have to keep it this way until after Senior pics ... :( 
So one of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Terriers that gets out all the time went to one neighbors house pooped in their front yard , then wiped his butt in front of their front door . He then went to its other neighbors house and peed by their front door . He really don't like those 2 neighbors ... hahaha 
Hey You Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
I really hate grenades and exploding barrels ... they get me every time . :/ 
Had fun today . < PROPMALE > out with the family . Went to Applebees , then the movies to watch Rango , and then to Sonic . Overall it was a good day ! :) 
Watching Supernatural ! :) 
I got a lead on a part time job !!! Turning in my app . tomorrow . 
Gonna go get some sleep . Got to take my Drivers test in the morning ... hopefully ill pass . :/ 
Just got my license ... what a relief ! :) 
Had an amazing morning ... wish I could go back in time and get Mr. Sexy's digits ... hahaha ... end of school sucked ... because I'm a moron and left my lights on all day and killed my battery . I felt so stupid ... lol ... but everything is all good now ! :) 
At the car wash at Cumberland Inn . Everyone should come and get your car washed , there is also a bake sale , and its all for donations for a guy that just came out of a coma and needs help . 
Home for good for the day ... hahaha ... just got back from the movies . Had a great day , extremely burnt though . 
Finished my first day of testing , woo ! 
blueberry 
Had an amazing day < PROPFEMALE > ing out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Humes and < PROPFIRST > Milicia ! Definitely going to have to < PROPFEMALE > out again ... lol ... :D 
So I'm too tired to go get on the computer to tag everyone , but I had a very fun amazing day hanging out with Camrus , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Zakk ! We will definitely have to do it again ... lol :D 
Had a great day hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Whew , what a long boring day . Ready for the weekend already ! :) 
