So New years < PROPFEMALE > was SUPER funn ! Hit a few bumps in the road , but it just showed me how some people really are and what they really want . A new year means a new me ! BAMMM ! 

I dont know whats worse : being lied to , cheated on , or both . All I know is that it SUCKS ! He sure doesnt know what hes givin up .... 
What time is it ? HOT TUB TIMEEE !!! :] 
Chillen at school til Joes test is done , then going home to R-E-L-A-X ! 
Can't stop loving < PROPFIRST > ! & hearts ; 
When you sit down and think about it , life is just a confusing mess huh ? 
Wants things to go my way just this once ...... 
needs to know how to upload photos on here . another reason to dislike facebook lol . help anyone ....? 
we have the car for the whole week so who wants to chill ..??? 
wants things to be different than they are , still happy tho , for the time being ....... 
needs a real friend right now .... 
Hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > today . Hopefully it will take my mind off things .... 
Def had a fun day and night with < PROPFEMALE > ! She makes me do silly things !!! Ahhhh ! 
had such a fun night last night ! im actually lovin the single life ! 
Gonna try to get my mind off things and just live life !!! =D < PROPFEMALE > is the best friend EVERRRR !!! 
Christmas parade ! Hope it doesnt rain !!! Then going out with some really good friends . Cant believe Im actually living my life for me now ! 
I dont know what to do ........ 
Well Last night was a first ..... and I had a BLAST ! I love having the best friend that I do shes AH-mazing ! & hearts ; 
Thursday is coming up real fast ..... hope everything goes right ... 
Yeah ! Now I do ! I wasnt thinking of Costa Rica I was thinking of who I knew in the States with that name jajaja ! So how ya been ? 
So Tday was more than perfect .... people can say what they want but its MY life and i just wanna be happy 
So I guess like 350 MILLION people play farmville on here ? Wow ..... 
So today was just ANOTHER wonderfeul day . Had a cookout , played football , got a haircut this really was THE perfect day I can get used to this :] 
I love people but I hate humanity 
Christmas is soooooo close ! And 2009 is almost over ! Where has the time gone ?? 
SERIOUSLY ?!? Why does it seem like this is the FIRST Christmas where IM the only one with Christmas Spirit ? Happy brithday Jesus thats what its ALL about !! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRIST-mas everyone ! Happy birthday Jesus and happy 18th birthday to my brother < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! Love you kid your turnin out pretty good Im proud of you ! & hearts ; 
& hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > CHRIST-MAS EVERYONE ! & hearts ; Dont forget the real meaning of this wonderful holiday ! Jesus , family and lots and lots of FOOOOOOD ! 
Christmas was amazing ! I love the new family I have and everything they did for me today ! You know who you are and I love all of you guys ! 
Had a sweet freakin day with my hunny ! I love that butterflis feeling he gives me ! Happy 18th birthday < PROPFIRST > ! Im sooo proud to call you my brother ! Love ya lots ! 
Had an AWESOME night just goofing off and talking . Im sure glad my boyfriend loves me ! Going to spend the day with him in Daytona ! Its 11:11 make a wish ! & hearts ; 
You better believe I'm gonna be somebody someday ! Now I know what I want and where I wanna be and I'm GOIN FOR IT ! 
Hates being lied to .... but it will all come out in the wash ! :] 
Going shoppin in Daytona with the girls ! Its gonna be an AWESOME day ! :]] 
Cant stop thinkin .... my mind is goin like 50 thousand < PROPMALE > per hour ! 
Just leave me alone about it ok ? If you lived my life then you would understand but you havent so get off me 
Sitting here with the man of my dreams thinking how amazing 2010 has really been . The ups and downs , loved ones lost , new friends made , and the laughs and tears that will never be forgotten . I dont know what 2011 is gonna bring for me , but Im sure it will be GREAT ! (: 
I'm as simple as this , I'm as simple as can be . Its me and you forever . Me and you forever . <3 
Mmmm lasagna and garlic bread for dinner . Add my wonderful and super amazing boyfriend and Lost and what do you get ? Perfection ! (: 
Shower time ...... never had a headache that i couldnt just sleep off .... =/ 
ZUMBA = MY NEW FAVORITE THING ! Haha Gettin up bright and early . 5 A.M to go again ! Whoooo hooo life is good ! 
Just got back from Zumba ! Feeling refreshed ! Fixin to run errands with < PROPFEMALE > then later hangin out with < PROPFIRST > the Hoe . ( not the < PROPFIRST > you think .... ) 
Blue with white polka dots ! :] 
Church was SUPER uplifting ! Put in me a good good mood ! Now Im ready for WHATEVER life has to throw at me ! BRING IT ON ! :] 
En memoria de la familia y amigos que < PROPFEMALE > perdido la batalla contra el cáncer y aquellos que continuan para conquistarla . Pon esto en tu página si conoces alguien que tiene o ha tenido cáncer . Querido Dios , Te ruego por la cura < PROPMALE > cáncer . ( 93% no copiaran y pegaran esto , ¿lo harás tú ? Wow I read this whole thing and understood every word ! YAY ! Support Breast Cancer Awareness Month ! <3 
Macaroni and Cheese and Diet Coke . Two of God's GREATEST inventions :] 
Court today . PRAY PRAY PRAY for me PLEASEE !! 
Takin myself a MUCH needed nap ! Even tho last night was worth stayin up so late for :] 
CHURCH ! Then chillin with my < PROPFEMALE > . I dont even care what we do as long as I'm with you ! * hearts ; 
Church ! Then chillin with MY < PROPFEMALE > ! & hearts ; 
Is on cloud 9 and a HALF ! Wish things would be this easy all the time . NO worries NO drama NO BS . Just me . Livin life . Just the way I want to !!! 
< PROPMALE > out with my < PROPFEMALE > today ! He makes me feel like the only girl in the WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD that matters ! Yay ! 
Hangin out with & hearts ; HIM&hearts ; 
Sooooo ... the bonfire last night ? Amazing ! And the bf ? Even MORE amazingg !! Going to Ocala for the day with ? HIM ? YAY ! 
Goin to the gym with my baby and his momma today ! Gotta do some cleaning then I'm OUTTT ! 
Sooo thank you < PROPFEMALE > and his Mom . Now I freakin LOVE farmville haha had a great day workin out and hangin out with my boo <33 
IS FINNALLY GETTING HER GED !!! February 10th and 11th FOR SURE ! I knew prayer works ! So glad I never lost faith in God or myself ! :) 
LADIES : Dont plan anything for next Saturday at 3 PM . Im having a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > party and NEEEEEED people to come ! Let me know if you can make it ! 
Spent the day with my LOVE < PROPFEMALE > ! lol had a great day even tho some people cant just enjoy it when their girlfriend makes them dinner hahaha ! 
Finally put pics up ! Goooo look ! 
Going bowling with the < b > FAMILY < /b > The only people that really truly matter in life ! 
Going bowling with the FAMILY ! This should be interesting ...........!! =) 
Basketball today ! Then Go karts afterwards ? Heck to the yesss ! =) 
So last night under the stars with my baby was amazingggg ! Hes so great and I am super lucky to have found someone as crazy and goofy as me ! Its so amazing the way God works ! <33 
Hangin out with the lil brothers til the wonderfulawesomefantasticamazing boyfriend comes over =) 
I call Saras lil brother who are 11 and 14 my lil brothers too bc I live here and they treat me like family 
Listening to Bellas Lullaby from Twilight and am DETERMINED to learn it on piano . Got a good chunk of it done but now Im at a standstill . Frustrating ! 
Off to make breakfast for me and the bestie ! Whats with everyone and this formspring thing ? Kinda dumb if you ask me . If you wanna ask someone something , why do you do it anonymously ? 
We text all day while hes at work , < PROPFEMALE > out til I have to be home , text til I fall asleep just to wake up with a smile on my face and start it all over again ! What IS this amazing feeling ???? <3 
Valentines Day Weekend BONFIRE !! <3 Tonights gonna be AMAZING !!! =) 
Saw the Lightning thief with my baby last night . It was pretty good . Pray that his tooth gets better he goes to the dentist today . I just want him better !!! <3 
Spending tomorrow with my BABYYYY ! <3 He knows just what to say to keep a smile on my face !! FINALLY happy =) 
Its about time my sunshine came back to Florida ! Cant believe how perfect it is out ! I refuse to stay inside another SECOND ! <3 
Shoot well there goes my awesome sunshiney day ...... =( 
had an awesome day with my hunny . Home from playing basketball , showered , and ready to go out again ! I <3 LIFEEE !! 
So my boyfriend ? AMAZING ! So glad I have him its amazing how life works isnt it ? 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile ! (: " 
Heres the plan : Wake up , get my coffee , take the boys to school , and go for a walk EVERY morning with < PROPFEMALE > . We said that last week but it didnt happen , lets see how this week goes : ) 
Never think you're not good enough to do something . Remember amateurs built the ark but professionals built the Titanic ! : D 
\Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . \ " So what of he writes childrens books Dr. Suess is a GENUIS =D " 
Interview tomorrow at Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm pretty sure I have the job ! Keep praying tho it never ever hurts ! ? 
So your looking at the newest employee of Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay for me I start sometime next week ! Thanks for all your prayers they sure did help ! ? 
Got new baby chicks ! They are superr cute and superr noisey but < PROPFEMALE > and I are gonna have < PROPFEMALE > much fun raising them !! I start at Taco < PROPFEMALE > either Saturday Evening or Monday morning :D 
Yay ! I start Taco < PROPFEMALE > on Thursday from 10-2 ! Gosh life cant get much better than this ! :D 
Going to bed knowing I have the best friends and the most AMAZINGG bnoyfriend on the planet . God really has blessed me and I dont even have enough breath to thank Him for everything hes done for me . How can I do anything else but love Him ? ? 
First day at Taco < PROPFEMALE > was GREAT ! I'm sooo gonna love working there ! :D 
Whens hes all I ever think about and everything I've ever wanted and makes me the happiest I've ever been , I think its called love ? 
Work today !! 10- 2 but prolly later . Gosh I love saying that again ! : ) 
Work was great : ) Going out with my babyy tonight . I absolutelyy 100% love him and want him and nobody else . Life is the best its ever been and is getting better every single day ! <3 
\Just like tis snowing in the summertime . Somethings different and I cant explain it . Its like I'm breathing in sunshine . Its taken over and I can't explain it ! \ " ? " 
\Just like tis snowing in the summertime . Somethings different and I cant explain it . Its like I'm breathing in sunshine . Its taken over and I can't explain it . Thats how it feels to be with you . Its like I'm finally alive ! \ " ? " 
\Just like tis snowing in the summertime . Somethings different and I cant explain it . Its like I'm breathing in sunshine . Its taken over and I can't contain it . Thats how it feels to be with you . Its like I'm finally alive ! \"" 
Please pray for me ! I'm putting this in Gods hands . I know he will work everything out even though I dont see it right now . I just need to remember that He knows what hes doing even when I don't . =/ 
Spending the day with the man that makes my heart smile . Then coming home to make cheesecake ! Haha Life is good when you put it in Gods hands ? 
Oh what a perfect day off ! Went to the mall , laid out by the pool , then later hanging out with my babyy . Psalm 29:2 -- Give unto the Lord the < PROPFEMALE > due unto his name ; worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness . ? 
Work 10-5 . Yay for hours ! Got Skype yesterday . Anyone that has it let me know ! 
Had a cute lil picnic and a walk on some trails with my hunny . Hes amazing . <3 Work tomottow 10-3 . FIRST TACO < PROPFEMALE > PAYDAYY !! :D 
Home from work and TIRED ! But getting those hours sure is nice : ) Working the next three days in a row 10-5 
I love being a lil kid at heart . Got the sudden urge to watch The Lion < PROPMALE > . Yay for Netflix ! I'm never gonna grow up . Its great . : ) 
Much needed beach day with the bestie after work . Then something with my hunny afterwards . My Florida weather is backk : ) 
Home from work . Getting ready for triple date night ! I'm super excited ! Then church and the beach tomorrow ! And the amaing weekend starts ..... NOW !! : ) 
Happy Easter ! Where would we be if he didn't rise again ? Oh and happy two months to me and < PROPFIRST > ! ? 
Had a GREAT time at church and a GREAT time at the beach with my wonderful man and some friends ! Now its movie and pizza night . Love you babe ! ? 
Hittin up the poolside for some more sun : ) 
Offically lost my wallet . With half of my first paycheck in it . Way to go me . =/ 
Home from work . Bummed out bout my hunnys car , but at least he is okay . Off tomorrow lets do something =] 
New pics up of my lil bros . Lookin at em got me a lil teary eyed . Man I miss them . </3 
Chillin by the pool with my babyy today : ) 
OK . Not a pool day but the super amazing wonderful bf is still comin over in a lil : ) I love being in this kind of love . Its perfectt ! ? 
I need help finding a car for my bf . Something fairly new and inexpensive . If you hear of anything . ANYTHING AT ALL , do not hesitate to let me know . Thanks : ) 
Distance makes the heart grow fonder . It doesnt make me miss him any less tho ! Work 10:30 -5 . I'm outt ! Whats goin on tonight ? 
Watching The Neverending Story . The weirdest movie ever but still one of my alltime FAVORITES ! : ) 
Had a great time at church . Gonna be reading the book of Revalation . Sure feels good to be one of God's children . : ) 
Sittin around reading til I get my hair did ! Never done anything this drastic , I hope I like it ! : ) 
My hair ? FREAKIN AMAZINGG ! Thanks a billion < PROPMALE > : ) 
My hair ? FREAKIN AMAZINGG ! Thanks a billion < PROPMALE > : ) now were gonna play battle of the sexes . Me , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > againt our men . Should be sooo much fun : ) 
My boyfriend = COMPLETELZY FREAKIN AMAZINGG ! I love being in love . And so super glad its him I'm gonna be with forever . Ohh what a feeling ! ? 
Someone hacked my facebook everyone that WAS NOT ME ! Anyways ... my boyfriend = COMPLETELY FREAKIN AMAZINGG ! I love being in love . And so super glad its him I'm gonna be with forever . Ohh what a feeling ! ? 
I'll be up , up , and away . Up , up , and away . Cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway . So . Whatever . 
Movie timee . : ) Got some new pics of the new hair ! I am so incredibly in love with pinkk : ) 
Work . 10-5 . But my bed is so cooomfy !! 
I guess if I was borin they would love me more . Guess if I was simple in the mind everything would be fine . I'm that ( wo)man on the < PROPFEMALE > . And imma do what I do so do you hey hey . : ) 
Dear Lord : This year you took my favorite actor < PROPFIRST > Swayzie , you took my favorite actress < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , you took my favorite singer < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Just wanted to let you know , my favorite president is Barack Obama . AMENN ! haha !! XD 
Gross its Monday . Gotta work 11-5 . But I get to see my hunny tonight , so I'm excited ! I love being in love its AMAZINGG ! ? 
Goin to see my Mom and brothers tomorrow ! So excited !! One step at a time , one step at a time : ) 
I'm growing up . And its not nearly as scary as I thought it was gonna be . I say life couldn't be any better than this , but I know it will only get better from here . Yay for epiphanies ! : ) 
Work today . Hopefully not for too long . HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMA ! LOVE YOU ! ? 
Off to bed . Got some running around to do before work tomorrow . Then hopefully workin til 5:30 . Gettin them hoursss ! = ) 
When he smiles at me , I get butterflies . When he kisses me , my heart melts . And when he tells me he loves me , I feel like the luckiest girl in the world . I am so in love with him its ridiculous . ? 
Have lots of running around to do with my hunny . Glad I get to spend the wholeee day with him ! Life is great and being in love is a million times better ! <3 
Chillin with some friends from work later : ) Cleanin my room and jammin out to Cudi til then : ) 
GOOOOOODNIGHT ! Going to bed knowing that what we have is true and real and I wouldnt ask for anyone else in the whole entire world . I love him . He loves me . End of story . Or should I say the beginning ? 
? How sweet it is to be loved by youuuu !? Gonna be out and about with my ride or die chick today . TGIF !! 
Hangin out with some super awesome amazing friends tonight . Its gonna be a ggrrrreeeaaat night : ) Cant wait for tomorrow ! 
Out by the pool with the little ones . Then Dinner with my Mr. Amazing tonight . THENNNN church tomorrow with my Momma and Daddy . Gosh Life is amazingg ? 
I love him . He loves me . End of story . Or should I say its just the beginning ? Work tomorrow 10-5 : ) 
You make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed , sing like bird , dizzy in my head , spin like a record , crazy on a Sunday night . You make me dance like a fool , forget how to breathe , shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , just the thought of you can drive me wild Ohh , you make me smile ! 3 months of amazingness with my baby . I love being in love ? 
Guess whos FINALLY getting her GED on Tuesday and Wendesday ? THIS GIRL RIGHT HERE !! Yay for moving forward with my life ! ? 
Dinner with my AMAZINGG boyfriend ! Meeting the parents tonight ! Life could NOT be better ! ?? 
Hangin with the boyfriend in a few . He just takes my breath away <3 
Soooooo I absoultely LOVE my boyfriend . And its not the fake stupid I said it bc you said it kind . Its the real deal . Forever . Ahh I love this feeling . ? 
La la la work til 5 then hangin out with my girl : ) Gonna be thinkin about ? HIM ? all day . I just love that boy . 
Studyinggg ! Essay I'm not so worried about . Math on the other hand .... Ugh ! PRAY FOR MEEEE !!! :) 
Taking the first half of the GED today , then Iron Man 2 with my hunny ! Man I'm feeling goooood ! 
Iron Man was alright . Not what I expected . Still good tho . The rest of the GED tomorrow then chillin with Nat ! SA-WHEEEET ! :) 
GED =D ONE !! =D Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in a little bit . Should be funn =) 
NEW PHONEE !! Message me for the number ! =) 
Off to the beach today with my hunny and < PROPMALE > . Gonna be so much fun ! TGIF ! ? 
Just woke up a few hours ago , but I'm gonna go take a nap . Work at 4 , then church with my hunny < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . ? 
What a FABULOUS day ! Totally hittin up the poolside for some R&R ? 
Meeting him was fate , becoming his friend was a choice , but falling in love with him was beyond my control . ? 
I absolutely ADORE my boyfriend ! Goodnight ! ? 
We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence then , is a habit not an act . 
Springs with my girl on my day off :D Ahhh summer ! ? 
When all else fails , remember God never will ? 
GOOOOO MAGIC !! GO GO GOOOO ! :D 
Trying to get a second job tomorrow ! Hopefully things will work out the way I want and NEED them to ! PRAYYYYY ! It never hurts ! :D 
Gonna be at my mommy and daddys house this weekend ! Things are getting back to the way they should be ! :D ? 
Looking for another job . Preferably one on the weekends . I NEEEEEED THIS !! Let me know if you have anything for me ? Thankssss :D 
Spent the day with my love . It was great minus the fact that I went job searching and it didnt go so well . But coming home and getting my poolside on with him for a lil bit sure was fun . Work tomorrow :D 
Going to bury myself in this book until I fall asleep . Spending tomorrow with my love ? Text it if you want . Goodnight . 
Had a great time with my love today . Haircut , then Steak and Shake , then home for a movie and cuddle time . Mmmm what a wonderful life ! ? Work tomorrow then off for the weekend . LETS MAKE PLANSSSS !!!! 
Its only been 4 months , but its been the best 4 months of my life and I am so in love with him its ridiculous . He has my heart and no one else is ever gonna for me what he does for me every single day . Hes my dream come true , my knight in shining armor , my < PROPMALE > charming and most of all the love of my life . ? 
Mmmm what a night . Brickhouse with my love followed by < PROPFEMALE > ing out with my amazing friends and crazy photo booth pics with the bestie . I love love LOVEEEE life ! Anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow I got the day off . Im thinkin something outside that involves a bathing suit perhaps ? TEXT MEEEEE ! G'nite! ? 
I love how sitting under the < PROPFEMALE > s really brings us closer together and make me realize how much I love him . Got an amazing < PROPFEMALE > night planned with my love tonight its gonna be fantastic ! Don't bother texting me I'm turning my phone off . Mmmm just me and him . ? 
So my brother . Hes gonna be in Texas for 10 weeks , home for a week , then in DC for 18 months ... Hes doing great things with his life and I love that kid . Hes my little brother and I still look up to him . ? 
Got a new number again . Finally got put on my hunnys plan . Message me for the new one . Gonna keep this one this time haha :) 
Mmm what a great day and to finish it off grabbing some dessert and watching Juno with my love . BEACH TOMORROW WITH < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPMALE > ! :D 
Today was AWESOME ! Totally will suffer from this crazy crazy sunburn but it was totally worth it ! I love love love my crazy goofy awesome wonderful friends !! ? 
UGHHHHH ! Sunburn = NO FUN ! Work , then some rest , then my hunnys comin over :) 
Love is passion . Obsession . Someone you can't live without . Fall head over heels . Find someone you love like crazy and loves you the same way back . And how do you find them ? Forget your head and listen to your heart . Run the risk , if you get hurt , you'll come back . To make the journey and not fall deeply in love ? Well , you haven't lived a life at all . You have to try . Because if you haven't tried , you haven't lived . 
My hunny is coming over ! :D Movie and pizza night . I love him ? 
FAT CHICK NIGHT ! Complete with pizza , a scary movie , ice cream for dessert and some super awesome friends . Life = ? 
\Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . \"- Aristotle " 
I love getting butterflies from cute amazing text messages from my cute amazing boyfriend . Hes the best . Goin out with my love tonight . He has my ? 
Looking for something . ANYTHING . To get me around . Preferable an inexpensive moped until I can afford a car . Ugh this is aggravating ! >.< 
I FOUND A MOPED ! Gonna go look at it in Deltona the next day I have off , but the pics look great and I'm almost positive I'm gonna buy it . Look out I'm gonna be on the road ! Dun dun duuuuuuun ! :D 
Going to bed . Suuuuuper tired . Going to look at the moped on Thursday and gonna get it next week ! Things are FINALLY getting where I want them to be ! Slow and steady wins the race :D ? 
I GOT MY GED ! I GOT MY GED ! I GOT MY GED !!! :D 
Scratch that . I GOT MY HIGH SCHOOL DILPOMA ! I GOT MY HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA ! I GOT MY HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA !!!! :D :D :D 
What a night .... creepy weirdo stalker guy at 10 o clock at night .... Work tomorrow 10-5 :D 
You know you truly love someone when everyday you see them is like the first time you fell in love . ? Work 10-5 . 
Blehhh headache =/ My hunnys comin over tho . Watchin Lord of the Rings ! ? Work AGAIN tomorrow 10:30 -5 . Getting them hourssss ! 
UGHHH ! Looking for stuff on craigslist thats actually worth buying is PAINFULL ! \Dont give up . \ " Gosh I love my boyfriend ! Hes the best ! " 
Wow so no one told me being in love was gonna be this amazing ! I cant wait for whatever the future holds for me and my CharlieBear ! ? Work tomorrow 10:30 -5 
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and \ 
when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up\ 
with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . Hehe :D 
Today was suuuuper fun :) Goin to eat and out to the movies with my love in a few . He just makes my heart go CRAZYY ! ? 
Spending the day with my loveee ! Going to the mall to FINALLY get some more love spell then who knows ?!? Text me I'm outt ? 
Spent some much needed time with my parents today . Had a good talk . Things are lookin up . Just try and stop me now I'm goin all the wayy to the top ! Work tomorrow 10:30 -5 ? 
Off to read for a lil bit then get some much needed sleep . Work tomorrow 8:30 . Bleh . Girls night tommorow ? Mayyyybeeee :) 
Had a GREAT day at work today :) Now off with my lovee . Checkin out whats goin on downtown then car wash then picnic ! Gosh we are perfect for each other ! 
I want a piano ..... BAD ! 
Going to get some pizza with my love ? I'm just so genuinely happy ! :D 
Daytona Lagoooooooon :) 
What an AMAZINGG past 2 days . I really really needed it . My boyfriend > EVERYONE ELSE !! Love you baby ? Out and about with Nat today and whoever else decides to come along . Yay :D 
True love is not about the hugs and kisses , the ' I love you's ' or the ' I miss you's ' , but about the chills that hit every part of your spine when you think about him . ? 
Gettin my tat fixed really soon . Where should I go ? HELPPP ! :) 
Meeting up with friends at Boston Coffee then to take over the world ..... Should be an eventful day :D 
Great day today . < PROPMALE > out with my bestie :) Home now waiting on my love . WORK TOMORROW ! FINALLLLLY ! 
Came home from work and took a nap . It was niceeee :) Workin tomorrow night but free during the day . Im thinkin somethin involving a bathing suit and the sunnn :D 
Relaxing with my love by the pool in a lil bit . Then movie night after that :) Silverstein tomorrow ! WHOO ! 
So my first concert was pretty rad . Had lots of fun with my love and his goofy friends :) Moved back in with the rents too . Lets see how this works out .... 
Bleh work at 8:30 . Soooooo not wanting to go . Should be a good day tho . We will see . I get to see my hunny tonight ! I love him love him LOVE HIM ! 
Off work . Drivethru sucked like always but it made the day go by faster . Now home to shower and relax and wait for my love :) 
Staying up late watching movies with my little brother . Gosh its GREAT to be home :) 
Staying up late watching movies with my little brother . Its GREAT to be home :) 
Maaaaan people are gross . The male population more specifically . All im doing is walking to work and everything driving by with testosterone has to stare or honk . ANNOYING ! 
Basketball with my love and some friends ! Havent played in such a long time . Should be funnnn :) Opening tomorrow whoo . -not- 
6 amazing months with my hunny < PROPFEMALE > today :D We were sooooo made for each other . I love him with all my heart ! <3 
Hanging out just me and my lil brother today . Hes my best friend in the whole entire world :) 
The best things in life are unseen , thats why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , and dream . \ " , 201 0-0 8-05 20:02:31 " 
Going out with my bestie and some friends for her birthday :) HAPPY BIRTHDAY NAT ! :) 
Going out with my bestie and some friends for her birthday ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY NAT ! :D 
Off work now . Chillin with Nat again :) 
Rock band with Nat and some friends then The Other Guys with my love in a lil bit . Good day :) 
Spent some much needed us time with my super amazing oh so perfect boyfriend today . I love that boy . More than words could ever describe 
Me- \What do you wanna be when you grow up ? \ " \ 
Watchin a movie with just me and my momma . Gosh I missed times like this 
Home from church . Going on the library then taking a nap ! Enjoying my day off :) 
Just got off the phone with the love of my life . That boy really knows how to make my heart smile . Hes the only one I need . Going to bed with butterflies . Thinking about our future <3 
Fruit for breakfast then cartoons with the little brother . Seeing my love later tonight . Yep its gonna be a great day :) 
I just saw him but I still miss him like crazyy ! Must be bc I love him with my whole heart ! Soooo glad I get all day tomorrow with him ! Hes nothing short of amazing ! <3 
Had an amazing day with my amazing boyfriend ! <3 Gosh being with him is the best way to spend time ! :) 
Only my little brother wants chicken noodle soup at 6:30 in the morning . Gosh I love that kid ! Babysitting today then work at 5 . Oh and I am completley and madly in love with my boyfriend ! <3 
Had fun hangin out with my little brother today :) Talking to my love all day kept a smile on my face too . Work in a lil bit 5-10 . 
Had fun hangin out with my little brother today . Watchin movies and havin pillow fights and grilled cheese for lunch :) Talking to my love all day kept a smile on my face too . Work in a lil bit 5-10 <3 
Home . Missing him bunches . Wanting things to just fall in place already . 
Haha yes ! Cinnamon toast and chocolate milk for breakfast . Feelin like a little kid and it feels soooo good :) 
Can you run to these open arms\ 
When no one else understands\ 
Can we tell God and the whole world\ 
I'm your woman , and you're my man\ 
Can't you just feel how much I love you\ 
With one touch of my hand\ 
Can I just spend my life with you 
Had a GREAT dinner and movie night with my love . Hes the best thing thats still happening to me ! :) I love him more than any facebook status could ever describe <3 
Bostons coffee with < PROPFEMALE > to catch up then Adriannas baby shower later . Good day with good friends :) 
Hangin out :) haha life is good ! 
Grrrr last night was fun . Feelin it this mornin tho . Guess its just not my thing . Oh well there are bigger fish to fry :) 
Off to work . Thinking about my love and all the kisses hes gonna get when I see him <3 
Girls night with my three best friends Me , Myself and I . Complete with ice cream and a cute chick flick :) 
My boyfriend is amazing ! No he didnt buy me anything special or take me out anywhere fancy , he just loves me for me and is the most wonderful thing thats ever came into my life . <3 
Events for the week : Today- Work 8:30 -5 . PAYDAY ! :) Tomorrow- Court 9 am . Friday- Finally getting my lisence ! Should be a great week ! Getting stuff doneeee ! :) 
Well today didnt go the way I wanted . Just another hurdle to get over but I WILL get over it and get on with my life . Now cuddled up with my blanket and my bear watching Aladin . Perfect way to end the day :) Missing my love like crazyy <3 
Just got my lisence ! Yay ! About time ! 
So incredibly excited to see my love tonight !! Dinner and a movie and tons and tons of kisses <3 
Out and about with the family today . Work at 4 . Life = <3 
Sigh ..... 
Church was great . Very uplifting :) Now home to help my wonderful momma make lunch and just relax . I see a nap in my near future :) Work manana 
So the nap that I saw in my near future earlier turned into a 6 hour nap ! Felt soooooo good but now Im awake and not tired and the whole point of the nap was to be rested for work tomorrow . Now I wont be able to fall asleep for a while -_- 
Walking to work . In a GREAT mood . Its gonna be an amazing day I can just feel it ! :D 
Work was great :) Now Im home waiting to talk to my love then going for a run :) 
What if this was that moment ? That < PROPMALE > worth taking ? History in the making <3 
Work was so great ! Home now relaxing for the night . Ahhh life is so good ! Things just keep getting better and better ! :D 
Rain rain go away I wanna play basketball !! 
Couldnt be in a better place right now for things to finally start falling into place . Good job + great friends + amaaaaazing boyfriend = all I could ever want <3 
Crimson Tide . Thought Id try a new movie and all I have to say is way . Roll tide roll . Prolly the most epic beginning of all time 
Crimson Tide . Thought Id try a new movie and all I have to say is * wow . Roll tide roll . Prolly the most epic beginning of a movie of all time 
Psalm 136 . His mercy endureth forever <3 
Enjoy every day your given because one day your gonna wake up and be 40 lol 
We were given two hands to hold , two legs to walk , two eyes to see , and two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else for us to find . Sooooo glad I've found mine ! I love my Charliebear ! ? 
Interview for the second job Friday ! I soooo have the job I already know :) Two jobs and an apartment with my love soon life couldnt be any better ! 
What a great day ! Saw my love this morning , went to work , then played basketball :) Looks like were gonna be moving in the apartment soon than we thought but no complaints here ! Interview tomorrow . I know I have the job but prayer never hurts ! :) 
I am a loser and should learn how to log off when I leave the computer .... 
Ahh the joys of my brother being home ..... lol 
Had a fun time last night with my love and some friends :) Now out and about until work from 4-3am . Not exactly thrilled but its money in my pocket :) 
Starts her first day at Wendys tomorrow ! 5-2 am after opeing at Taco < PROPFEMALE > 830-5 . Haha whaaat ?!? 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > > Wendys . End of story 
We got approved for the apartment !! I'm offically the happiest girl on the planet ! Ahhhhh I cant wait ! <3 
Bought some stuff for the apartment last night . Sheets , dishes , and an entertainment stand and two table set :) Moving in next Thursday ! This is really happening ! <3 
Worked both jobs tonight . Not nearly as sleepy as I thought , but tired is an understatement for my feet ! :O Looking at the big picture tho two jobs will totally be worth it . Determined . Accomplished . Complete . Mmmm life is amazing ! <3 
Watching my hunnys basketball tournament :) Ra ra ra i'm the cheerleader ! :) 
When he kisses my forehead when we are saying goodnight , and I look at him and he tells me he loves me , and my heart skips a beat because of all the butterflies and everything gets a little fuzzy except for him , thats when I know its TRUE LOVE <3 
Ahhh keys to our very own place . It feels good . No wait it feels amazingg :) 
Looks like a nap then work 5-1 at Wendys . Then I gotta open at Taco < PROPFEMALE > at 8:30 tomorrow . No complaints tho . God doesnt take you to it if he cant get you through it . <3 
Is it thursday yet ? I cant wait ! :) 
Uhhhhh 7 o clock came fast :( 
Being this in love doesnt happen to just everybody :) Gosh I am so lucky to have him ! He makes my heart smile in ways I never dreamed it could . Mmmmm perfection <3 
Moving day ! Ahhh im so excited Im about to explodeeee ! Cant wait to fall asleep in his arms for the rest of forever . Loveeee youuuu babeeee <3 
Fell asleep in his arms last night . It was amazing . Now work til 5 then doin more stuff at home . Mmmm OUR home :) 
Raymonds birthday party today :) Its so hard to believe hes gonna be 7 on Monday ! Gosh I love that kid ! 
Time together is just never quite enough . When you and I are alone , I've never felt more at home <3 
Thanks for being my shulder to cry on , my rock to < PROPFEMALE > on , listening to all my problems and being my best friend . Your the most amazing boyfriend anyone could ever ask for . I love you < PROPFIRST > . 
Very productive day . Got lots done then got to come home and cook a nice dinner for my love :) Now to relax and completely nerd it out with some videos games . Work in the am . I <3 my life 
Home from work . All showered up . Gonna jump on some Rainbow Six for a little bit . I love me some video games :) 
Woke up this morning and made the love of my life breakfast before he went to work . Gonna clean our cute amazing little apartment and relax on my day off :) 
Day off ? Ha what was I thinking ! Workin 4- 12:30 tonight . Wont mind that paycheck thats for sure :) 
I wanna stand with you on a mountain . I wanna bathe with you in the sea . I wanna lay like this forever . Until the sky falls down on me <3 
Waking up to those amazingly perfect kisses and never ending I love yous ? Perfect way to start the day . Yeah todays gonna be great I just know it ! <3 
I wanna soak up the sun . Gonna tell everyone to lighten up . Gonna tell them that I dont have no on to blame . Every time I feel lame Ill just look up . I wanna soak up the sun 
Out and about running errands with my hunny . I just love being with him all the time :) 
Had a great day with my hunny . Then came home , took a nap , made tacos for dinner , now watching a movie with the man I love . Life is amazing <3 
Yay for doing an open to close shift at Taco < PROPFEMALE > . I have no life but that comes with having bills to pay . Not complaining in the least but bc at the end of the night Im falling asleep in his arms <3 
So yeah . Um I offically <3 Dead Rising 2 . Yes I am a dork but killing zombies is hilarious ! 
I remember the first time we met . The first time we < PROPMALE > out . The first time we kissed . And the first time we said I love you . Its been 8 months and now I cant see life without him . My < PROPFIRST > = my everything <3 
Yay ! Got a vacuum and a mircowave today ! Our house is feeling more homey every day :) Hangin with the bestie now :) 
I like it in the closet 
Took an amazing nap . Now off to my hunnys basketball tournement . Then playing some more basketball with the guys after that :) 
Sitting at home after work watching Lord of the Rings two and remembering why I love it so much lol Waitin for my hunny < PROPFEMALE > to get off work . I think he owes me some kisses .... <3 
Great day at church :) I swear < PROPFIRST > is my best friend ever ! I love that kid to pieces ! <3 
Watchin The Exorcism of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > with my brother hoping its not as scary as it looks .... 
What a great way to start the day . Rolling over and getting kisses from my love who couldnt stop smiling at me . Wow hes amazing . Im so happy right now I feel like Im gonna explode ! Work 830-5 <3 
Home from work . Cleaned the house . Making dinner in a bit . Waitin on my love to get home I'm just as happy as can be :) 
Guess who just paid off probation this morning ? THIS GIRL RIGHT HERE ! :D 
Off one job and right on to the next . Good thing they are right next to each other haha ! Feelin on top of the world :) 
Oh dear . \ 
Its been hardly a moment and you are already missed . \ 
And there is a bit of your skin that I've yet to have kissed\ 
<3 
Had a great time at hookah booka ! Good times with great friends . Work in the am . Traaaaaaining ! :) 
Spending time with the man of my dreams . Dinner with his parents later tonight . Work in the morning . Nothing but :) :) :) ' s 
All cuddly with my love watching Lost . Happiness :) 
Well that didnt last very long . Off to bed for me . Sleep has won . Work in the am ( surpriiiiise ! ) Goodnight <3 
Dont know why I slept so good last night . Oh wait yeah I do . Because it was with HIM <3 Work today only til 2 . Gosh I feel amazing :) 
Made a yummy breakfast for my love before he left for work :) Now what to do on this beautiful day off ? 
Going for a run . This should be nice :) 
Tupac- \Changes\ " = <3 " 
What a great day to be in loveeee ! <3 
\There is only one success . To be able to spend your life in your own way . \ " <3 " 
Dont just go with the flow , run with it ! <3 
At home watching a movie til my love gets home from work . Boy do I miss himmm !! <3 
Watching Lost and eating ice cream with my Mr. Ahhh-mazing <3 What a combo ! :D 
Suuuuch a great day today ! Home from work , gonna make dinner for my love ( hes pretty amazing ) , then later goin out with my bestiee ! Soooooo glad shes in town :DD 
I <3 tickle fights !! :) 
In relaaaaaax mode til my love gets home then making dinner and most likely watching some Lost . Why am I so into that show ? OFF MANANA ! 
Cooking is suuuuuch a stress reliever !! In the best mood and now my babys off and on his way home :) 
Serious question : Does anyone have the second season of Lost on DVD that I could borrow ? I wasnt lying when I said I was addicted ... haha :) 
Sitting here listening to Owl City . Mmm life is amazing . Cant even imagine a better one ! I <3 growing up ! 
Playing Rainbow 6 online is way too much fun ! Except for when it take us 5 minutes to kill the last guy !! Lol Almost time for my hunny to be home :) 
Carving a pumpkin with my love :) Ah Fall <3 
I love lazy days ! Work 4-2 . Totally bummin ' it til then :) 
Saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > and made a wish . And it came true bc Im on my way home to makin dinner and < PROPFEMALE > out with the man of my dreams <3 I love you < PROPFIRST > 
Ugh community service ! D: 
My babys home and I have to work in 5 hours . You know what that means ? Cuddle timeee <3 Ah I love my life ! 
Home from work ready to paaaartay ! Haha just kidding ready to get in some comfy clothes and cuddle up with my hunny :) Ah , perfection <3 
Your the best I've ever had 
Pizza and Lost with my love and Snell yay ! :) 
Work work work . Gettin off at 4 its gonna be a great day :) 
Awww ! So I was passing the spec on my way home and listening to the bands practice for FBA totally made my day :) Gosh I miss those days ! <3 
I love that HE comes home to ME . I love being his <3 
Making breakfast and hangin out with my love before work . Chocolate chip pancakes yummm ! :) 
So I figured out something . I love < PROPMALE > Marley . And not bc of why everyone else likes him , bc he smokes weed . If you ever sit down and listen to his music .... Wow 
He brought home chocolate milk from work today bc this morning I told him I wish we had some . He is perfect in every single way <3 
Watching the Saw movies with my love 
Cleaning and listening to Owl City :) Ahh I love him ! :)) No plans today so ... hang out ? Work from 6-3 ewwww ! 
Wow so walking to work I saw a guy in one of those motorized scooters hit a kid on a bike then someone else hit a duck ... :( Hopefully work goes a lil bit better .. 
Gooooood morning ! Following a great close last night , today is off to a great start . Community service then the rest of the day with my love on our day off . I love you hunny < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
You know what ? Im loud . I make mistakes but I learn from them . I like to have fun . I cry alot . I trust people too much . Im spontanieous and crazy but thats me . And thats all I'll ever be . Is me <3 
Yes I ammm .... for the rest of my life ! Haha ! :D 
\The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra . \ " ;) " 
Movie time . Alone time . Thinking time . Yep . 
Just another day in paradise ! Work til 5 then the fair :) And my birthday is offically one week away . Ah ! :) 
I love feeling him smile when I kiss him . He is amazingg <3 
Oh my ! Never thought I would say this but Im lovingg this cold weather ! Perfect walking to work weather :) At Taco < PROPFEMALE > til 4 and Wendys tonight yay . Work work work :) 
Ahhhh ! Havent pulled an open close open in a minute ! This really has been the longest day ever and its not over ! Wendys for another 3 and a half hours and Taco < PROPFEMALE > bright and early in the am . Work work work ! :P 
Ooh I love the way you , love the way you love me . Theres nowhere else Id rather beeeee :) <3 
Best night of work ever AND i get to go home to the most amazing man on the planet ? Yes , life is as it should be <3 
Fair tonight with my loveee :) Super excited ! 
So the fair was super fun :) Left with a big huge < PROPMALE > bear that my love won for me , a cute little goldfish , and a big huge smile . My fair night is complete :) 
Work today . Birthday tomorrow . Yay :) 
Thinkin bout you . Thinkin bout me . Thinkin bout us . And who were gonna be :) 
Love me tender , love me true , All my dreams fulfill . For , my darlin , I love you , And I always will 
Love love LOVE my life ! Cooking dinner for my love and I then just hangin out with him ! :) 
Dinner was yummy :) Went to wal mart now headed home . Got a frappe , life is good :) 
I <3 busy days . Taco < PROPFEMALE > in the am , then family pictures , then back to Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Scheduled there til 6 but go into Wendys at 4 ...... there til close . Love my life :) 
Been quite a busy day but wanna know what the best part is ? Falling asleep next to my love <3 Goodnight . 
Thank you Lord for doing what you are doing in my life and keeping me on the right path . I love you because you first loved me . 
Has the worst sore throat ever :( But I have me some theraflu and doing a puzzle with my love :) Community service in the am . The last 3 and a half hours ! Whoooo ! Life goes by faster than you think . Dont blink ! <3 
I cant even remeber the last time I was this sick ! It sucks but hopefully it will be just this one time and my body wont ever wanna make me this miserable again . 
You be the < PROPMALE > , I'll be the < PROPMALE > ss . Its a love story baby just say yes ! :) 
So my love bought an aquarium and some fish :) We put together a bookshelf now putting together the aquarium . Making our home a lil bit more homey :) Yep I love him yes I do ! <3 
And all for love , and nothing for reward <3 
Havent had an appitie for 2 days and now im home from work eating a sandwich playing COD . Hahaha life is great ! :) 
Todays the daaaay ! The sun is shining , the tank is clean , and this girl is getting off probation !! What ?! 
Ah , the feeling of not being on probation anymore is a WONDERFUL one ! Its a beautiful day and I get to spend it with my love . Thank you Lord for all you do :) 
So the future in laws came over for dinner . My hunny made chicken < PROPMALE > . :) Played cards then had dessert . Good good night . Im gonna go crawl into bed with my incredible Mr. Amazing <3 
One job down , one more to go . At Wendys til 2 whoo hoo 
Finally home and showered from such a blehhhhhh day . Bedddd 
Being lazy and doing some more of my new found addiction ... playing Call of Duty ! Hahah :) Work at 5 
Im thinkin < PROPMALE > and cheese for lunch and a nap before work sound great . Yep :) 
On my way to work . Havent walked in a while and its beautiful outside . Somehow I just know its gonna be a great day (: 
Home from work with a headache . Waiting on my love to come home . Ive gone entirely too long with out a kiss ! 
Home with my love , writing . Something I havent done in a long time . Feels good to pick it back up again (: 
Trying to watch a movie when a leaf blower is right outside your window def counts as ANNOYING ! 
Soooo lovin life right now . Everything is going great and just the way I want it to . I have so much to be thankful for ! xoxoxoxoxoxo (: 
Sometimes I sit back and wonder if my life is really going this good . Is everything I could ever want ACTUALLY right in front of me . Then I smile because even if only for one second , it is . -- Karlena O'Bryant <3 
I believe in true love . I believe its ok to make mistakes , but only if you learn fom them . I believe in miracles . I believe in God . I believe in being nothing less than happy . I believe in in myself because thats all I'll ever be ! (: <3 
Cleaning the house and jammin out to some good ol Owl City . Oh , how I love life ! (: Annnnd the best friend comes into town today YAY ! <3 
Loves how < PROPFEMALE > deland is and how many people I just saw that I know just from walking through downtown and back ! (: 
Tonights gonna be a good good niiiight ! I got a feeling . Whoooo hoooo ! (: So happy the bestie is in town ! And going out with my love after ! <3 
Im so thankful for my momma . Weve had our rough patches but shes never given up on me , discouraged me from what I wanted to do , or called me anything other than beautiful and smart . My mother is amazing . Her cookin aint too bad either ! (: Happy Turkey Daaaay ! 
T-Minus 6 hours and counting until CHRISTMAS MUSIC !!!! :)))))) <333333 
Black Friday shopping with Nat and < PROPFEMALE > ! Gotta keep tradtion ! Haha good times (: 
\Heres some < PROPFEMALE > Wars legos . \ " -Nat\ 
Immature : \I love you because I need you . \ " Mature : \ " I need you because I love you . \ " A wise person once said true love needs no reason its true love ! <3 " 
Up from an AMAZING nap . (: Now to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone preeeeety amazing himself before work 4-12 . I love being in love ! <3 
Someone come to Taco < PROPFEMALE > its soooo slow and I'm soooo bored ! And Taco < PROPFEMALE > is yuuuuuumy ! (: 
Well nevermind . Off work already and wrapping the first Christmas presents of the year . Hot chocolate and the love of my life included ! (: <3 
Ah , Christmas music on the way to work (: Oh and GOOOO GATORS !!! 
Already off work . I guess its ok bc now I get to watch the Gators STOMP those Noles haha ! (: I love today ! (: 
I <3 the football game commercials !!! (: 
Interception .... -_- 
I dont care what happens I still LOVE my Gators !! (: 
Feels good to come home and get back into my Lost . Yay for the second season ! (: What doesnt feel so good is the fact that both me and < PROPFIRST > got each other the second season for Christmas ..... haha ? 
Church + Family + Christmas Music = A Wonderful Day ! (: 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy . 
Made a nice dinner and my first lasagna was a complete success ! (: Eating with my love and watching Lost . Dessert later (: 
Tonight . Perfect dinner . Perfect Lost . Perfect ice cream . Perfect playing my keyboard . Perfect going to bed with the most amazing man everrr ! What a perfect perfect night ! (: <3 
Was thinking about going for a walk . Didnt realize it was going to be to work and didnt realize I was supposed to be there an hour ago ... haha not >:| 
\If you ever loved somebody put your hands up ... \"" 
Waiting on my love to get home . Were having leftovers and I made cookies ! (: Playing some COD until he gets here . Straight nerd status 
\Where in the history of the human race has one man not been enough ? \ " From the book I'm reading . Thought it was good a good thought " 
I <3 errands with my hunny . Not the errands part , the being with my hunny part ! (: 
Its gonna be a great day . I'm on front counter so that means I get to listen to my CHRISTmas music allllll day ! (: This time of year is almost overwhelming but I LOVEEEE it ! (: 
What a SA-WHEAT break ! Now back to work for an hour and a half then im off ! (: Ah what amazing walking weather ! (: 
Feliz Navidad , prospero ano y < PROPFEMALE > ! Shopping with Dad then with my hunny for the day . It really is the most wonderful time of the year ! (: <3 <3 
What a great day ! Just woke up from an awesome nap now gonna make dinner and < PROPFEMALE > out with my awesome boyfriend ! Then get cuddly later and watch some Lost <3 
I feel like I'm falling in love all over again . I dont know what it is but that boy is like a drug I can never get enough of . Why is today gonna be a good day ? Because I have him <3 
Mmmm home and showered from a bleh day at work . Chillaxin with some COD til my hunny gets home . 
Grilled cheese for lunch (: Getting ready for work soon . After \Come See < PROPFIRST > at Taco < PROPFEMALE > Day\ " is \ " Come See ME at Taco < PROPFEMALE > NIGHT ! \ " Haha work til 10:30 ish (: " 
First time in forever I miss the Christmas parade ..... -_- 
Its days like today . Moments like right now that I will never forget . Life is so amazinggg (: <3 
Put some dinner in the oven now hanging out with my love . My favorite person to spend time with <3 (: 
Life is short so love the one you got . Cuz you might get run over or you might get shot ! <3 
First drive thru customer of the day ? 11:03 . Its gonna be a longggg day . Text meee ! (: 
Gosh I love it when I have Sublime stuck in my head at work ! : B Come on 5 o clock ! <3 
Off work . (: Gonna go home take a nice hot shower then < PROPFEMALE > out with my love in our cozy little apartment . Mmmm this is the life ! <3 <3 <3 
Home from grocery shopping . Making dinner and lovingg life ! <3 I see watching Lost in my near future (: 
Its mornings like today , waking up to kisses and I love yous that I realize why no one else worked out . I'm super lucky to have him <3 Work soon I love going in in this kinda mood ! <3 :))) 
Only me and my best friend would put a 5 layer burrito on some random persons car at DSC ! Haha good times . Now going home to make hot chocolate and watch a Christmas movie until my <3 gets home (: 
Slept in with my love (: Now gonna make breakfast and spend the day with him on our day off ! <3 
5:03 and I'm just now getting out of my PJs haha ! (: 
So my love is making dinner tonight . Hes trying something new and I cant wait ! (: I get to wrap more Christmas presents and just LOVE LOVE LOVEEEE Christmas time !! (: 
Dinner was so yummy ! Thank you hunny I loveee youuu ! Now its bed time and one more day closer to Christmas ! Ahhh ! <3 
Had a very productive day off . Now just waiting on my love to come home so we can get our very first Christmas tree ! :))) <3<3<3 
We got our tree !! Its cute and little and absolutely perfect ! (: Pics will be up soon after it gets decorated ! YAY ! <3 
Work . 
The Christmas Shoes song ! <3 
At home with my leg up bc I hit my bad knee at work and now its killing me . What to make for dinner I want it to beas wonderful as possible for the man I love and I (: 
Muy importante stuff to do tomorrow . Pray everything goes well for my love ! Thanksss ! (: 
I <3 playing the piano ! Learning new songs feels great ! (: 
Schedule says 9:15 . Got here at 9 . Boss says dont clock in til 10 . Ugh . -_- 
Perfect weather to make chili for dinner ! Yum I cant wait ! (: 
So I totally love my boyfriend . Just sayin . (: Had a wonderful night at home with him now off to bed . Cuddle timeeee <3 
So , um , its freakin COLD ! :/ 
I love working at Taco < PROPFEMALE > haha ! (: 
Staying to cover a shift and getting more hours : YAY ! Being on drivethru alllllll day : Not so yay .... 
Watching the Scorpion < PROPMALE > . I <3 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Day off with my love ! <3 I love Thursdays ! (: 
Spent all day doing absolutely nothing with my love and enjoyed every single minute of it ! Now for dinner and a movie and us time . My favorite ! (: 
Drinking sweet tea at night ? Not a good idea . Its 12:40 and im wide awake . So unusual for the girl in bed before 11 every night . Got a good book and my love to keep me company tho , so I think ill be ok . Work in the am yay ! (: 
Well ... No work today . Was called not to come in . Cool . Not . Guess its me , the couch , and Netflix unless someone wants to do something ! 
I looooove when he makes dinner ! This chicken < PROPMALE > is sooooo yummy ! I love you babe ! <3 
Never take a single day for granted because you never know when its gonna be your last . 
So my 9:30 am til 12:30 am day is finally over and my head cant hit that shower and pillow fast enough ! Yay for 3 days on Wendys schedule this week too ! Aha ! Gettin it done ! (: 
Work work work . Second day in a row working both jobs and I love every minute of it ! Haha spending time with my love after . The best part of my day <3 
Seems like everywhere I go\ 
The more I see , the less I know . \ 
But I know , one thing , \ 
I love you . \ 
I love you , I love you , I love you . \ 
So my dad just unexpectedly showed up to my apartment with my little brother to visit for a few minutes . Talk about making my whole day ! Now to make dinner be so thankful for EVERYTHING ! (: 
Chick flick time with < PROPFEMALE > . Reminicing about old times . Annnd my love is on his way home . What a great night . (: 
Breakfast with my love then work til 4 . Wont get to see him all day . :( Is it Christmas yet ?!? 
We gonna rock onto electric avenue . And then we take it higher ! :P 
Yay for more Christmas baking ! I cant believe someone said I have too much Christmas spirit ! Workin at Wendys tonight . Yay . <-- Not sarcasm ! : B 
Getting a kitchen table today ! And we are having Christmas dinner at our apartment with my loves parents and brother ! I couldnt be more excited ! I <3 busy days ! (: 
So my yummy Christmas treats were a HUGE hit at Taco < PROPFEMALE > and Wendys ! And oh how the awesome people at Wendys went crazyyy ! I really love love LOVE Christmas !!! Cant believe 2010 is almost over ! Ahh ! (: 
At home . No plans for the day . Watching Fast and the Furious until I decide to go do something . Might make Netflix it for the day and totally bum it ! (: Haha < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Eveeeee ! <3 
Mele Kilikimaka (: 
What a hectic day today turned out to be . Now , cuddle time with my favorite . Woo-sahh ! 
Our first Christmas together ! Oh , what a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas it will be ! Up early opening presents then getting ready for the future in laws coming over today ! 
Great friends , a wonderful family , and a full belly . Not a bad Christmas at all if I do say so myself ! Now some alone time just me and my hunny (: 
Work . Pointless short shifts that make me miss church . Grrrrr . Hangin out with the little brother afterwards so that should be fun (: 
Walking to work ? Fun . The fact that its this freeking cold out and I cant feel my nose ? Not so fun .... Oh how I want my summer back already ! 
\Only in DeeeLand would there be a Taco < PROPFEMALE > with no ice . \ " -Really rude lady at Taco < PROPFEMALE > today . Some people are just too much " 
More annoying complaining customers at Wendys too ! What is WITH people ?! Kickin butt tho . Yeeeeah gettin it done ! (: Come on 1 o clock ! 
I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly . Do what it takes til I touch the sky <3 
Hangin out at the apartment watching a movie with < PROPFIRST > . I love this little boy with all my heart ! (: 
Waffles for breakfast then spending the whole day off together . No better way to spend it ! Puzzles , car wash , grocercy shopping all with the love of my life ! (: 
Didnt have to work at all today , then I got called in to Taco < PROPFEMALE > and Wendys . Yay for an extra 13 hours ! Happy New Year everyone ! Its gonna be the best one yet ! 
Just got out of the shower after work to spend 10 minutes in his arms before he had to leave for work . But they were the best 10 minutes of my day ! (: Ugh for 2am crew tho . I already hate it :/ Nite nite . Taco Smell in the am haha ! 
This will be , an everlasting love . <3 
Quite the fulfilling day . Went to work , < PROPMALE > out with the best best friend ever , and now im home with my three loves : Subway , netflix , and my one and only . Mmmm , perfect <3 
Who else am I gonna < PROPFEMALE > on when things get rough ? \ 
Whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up ? \ 
Whos gonna take your place there aint nobody better , \ 
Oh baby , baby\ 
We belong together\ 
Just warning everyone : Chocolate covered bacon is NOT a good idea ! 
Why is everything I wanna watch on netflix NOT on the watch now thing ? Settling for some sappy chick flick/ teen love drama lol . My life is lame haha jk ! 
But here goes nothin ' 
My new years resolution . Hadnt really put much thought into it , but I want to be a better person . A better girlfriend , a better friend , a better sister . As simple as that . So with a new year comes a new me . And I think I like the new me already (: 
Up from a wonderful nap and out running errands with my wonderful boyfriend . Having a wonderful dayyy ! (: 
Mmmmm tacos for dinner (: 
Had a nice visit with some great friends now playing some COD . Yep yep a nerd I am ! (: 
I hate waking up and your not here :/ These new work hours really suck . Glad I have tomorrow off tho . Spending the day with my love I cant wait ! Gosh I love being in loveeee ! <3 <3 
Talk about suuuuuuper beautiful outside today ! : B 
Talk about SUUUUUPER beautiful outside today ! : B 
Thank you LORD for another beautiful day ! Gonna make the most of it ! (: 
Thinking about Random Acts of Kindness . And how I really wanna start doing them more often .... ;) 
Ugh Mondays . At least the walk to work isnt a super cold one today . And Thank God its just Taco < PROPFEMALE > today 
Home being a sleepy head . Working both jobs tomorrow so Im gonna soak up these sleep while I can ! I never seem to get enough ! 
Leading both parts of my double life today . Taco < PROPFEMALE > girl during the day . Wendys girl at night ! : B 
Off of work . Suuuuper tired :/ Shower timeeee I want Wendys off of me ! 
Smothered the love of my life with tons and tons of kisses now its off to work for me . And you bet the smothering will continue the second I get off ! (: 
Lovin ' might be a < PROPMALE > , but its worth takin , \ 
Lovin ' might be a mistake , but its worth makin'\ 
Sittin at home with my babe <3 
C+K =<3 Lunch with the best franns later then work at 4 . Talk about a great day ! :) 
Mmmm I love the way my hair smells after a haircut ! (: 
Baby , your a firework 
Gosh I love my morning walks to work ! (: 
Asian night ! General Tso's chicken , rice and stir fry ! Hangin out with my love , then later Amberrrrrs ! (: 
Watchin Get Him to the Greek ! Talk about hilarious !! : B 
So I totally feel like the < PROPFEMALE > at the end of the fairytale . When she has the man that she wants and they ride off into the sunset to be together forever . Through the good , the bad , and the ugly . I really have found my < PROPMALE > charming . Lets do it , babe . Forever <3 
Took a very lovely nap with my love now its off to work for meeeee ! Just livin our love song ! <3 
Sooooo I thought I was supposed to be at work at 11 , buuuut I'm off today which means spending the day with my Charliebear ! And everyone knows thats like my favorite thing to do ! <3<3 
Well . Got called into work front counter but nobodys gonna come in with weather this nasty . Yay for a suuuuper easy day ! (: 
Going to bed early tonight . Got a long rest of the week . Both jobs 4 days in a row lets doooooo it ! 
Off to start long day numero uno ! Starting at Taco < PROPFEMALE > then Wendys straight after that . At least I went to bed early last night ! Prayin that its a good day all around <3 
Cleaned up the apartment before I left for work . Wow I'm so thankful for everything I've been blessed with ! <3 
Another beautiful day spent at work all day and night . Sighhh .... :/ 
Whew ! This crazy busy week is almost over . Last day of working both jobs 4 days in a row and I have the wholeeeee weekend off ! Having a girls night with Kelsy and < PROPFEMALE > tonight after work then all day tomorrow with my baby . I <3 my life ! (: 
I want some gay mentos right about now ! 
Spending some much needed time with my super amazing boyfriend today . Gosh we are perfect I just KNOW we were made for each other <3<3<3 
Just woke up from an amazing nap with my love and now I'm making us some dinner . What a great day off today was ! (: 
I'm only getting out of my pjs so I can go to church tonight . Then I'm coming home and getting right back into them ! Making lemon pepper chicken for dinner tonight its gonna be so yummmmyyy ! : B 
Well not going to church now :/ so how bout some Secret Life of the American Teenager ? Yep sounds good to me too ! 
Jammin out to < PROPFIRST > Buble while getting ready for work . Oh yes , its going to be another amazinggg day in the life of Karlena ! (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > II , I am madly deepy truly head over heels romantically in every way ever imaginable in love with you . Goodnight world (: 
I'll be up , up , and away . Up , up , and away . Cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway , so whatever . Work til 4 then TAMPA THIS WEEKEND !! 
At the train station for the first time I'm STOKED ! Almost ready to leave . T-minus 3 and a half hours until I'm in TAMPA ! : B 
So the parade was awesome . Pics will be up soon . Had dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Garden now back to Nats dorm with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > for some fun ! (: I <3 Tampa ! 
So I must admit . Tampa was pretty darn amazing . Met some cool cool people and got to see my very best friend in the whole entire world . This weekend = a complete success ! (: 
iSo once upon a time a girl named < PROPFEMALE > met a wonderful caring super amazing boy named < PROPFIRST > and fell madly and deeply in love with him . And its only th 
ie beginning of their story . Coming up on year one of many , many more to come <3 
Woke up this morning with no voice and when I can talk I sound like a man :( Not good 
So I'm convinced that I have the most amazing , loving , kindest , sweetest , most caring boyfriend on the whole entire planet . End of story . No questions asked :) 
2 days of being sick and im ready to get better ! Glad my hunny bought me medicine . Hes the best . Going to bed now . Work in the morning :/ 
Super cute tickle fight then cuddly time with babe . Perfect way to end a really annoying 10 hour day . I am so in love . Goodnight . 
It was a year ago today . It was a thursday . It happened on the basketball courts . He pulled me close and said , \You know what I think ? I think you should be my girl . \ " and I agreed ! Happy anniversary my Charliebear . I love you ! <3<3<3<3<3 " 
Off work :) Gonna go home and take a shower and get ready . My love is taking me out tonight ! <3<3<3 
If you got it , flaunt it because sooner or later it expires ! :P Haha good morning world ! Work in a little bit . Being a bum til then yay ! 
Home from work . A whole 2 hours today whoo ! Grabbed some lunch now spending time with the one I love ! :) 
Nobodys gonna love me better . Ima stick with you forever . Nobodys gonna take me higher . Ima stick with you . You know how to appreciate me . Ima stick with you my baby . Nobody ever made me feel this way . Ima stick with you <3 
Woke up super early for no apparent reason and cleaned every square inch of the apartment . Gosh I feel amazing its gonna be a great day :) Work at 4 
Finally off work :) Shower time . Then making a nice dinner for my love time . Thennnn cuddle time ! <3 
Watching Up with my hunny . Hes the best <3 
A yummy bologna sammich + some yummy goldfish calls for a really yummy lunch ! 
Out and about with < PROPFEMALE > enjoying my day off :) :) :) 
MAAALLLL TIIIMEE ! :-D 
Making a yummy little dinner for my hunny bunches :) I love you to pieces and then some <3 
Work til 4 then making my baby a nice romantic dinner . I cant wait for tonight ! I love him with all of my <3 
Tonight is going to be so so perfect . I cant wait til he comes home to me and our wonderful little apartment and our wonderful little life together <3 (: 
Sometimes I'm glad I dont have a car so I have no choice but to walk and enjoy this beautiful day :) Oh , and last night was perfect . I LOVE you babe <3 
Just found out . Amount of money able to spend to get my tat fixed = $150 . Amount of money the tat is actually gonna cost = $150 :) 
When i look back on my life in 50 years , all I wanna be able to say is that I was always there when someone needed me , I always tried to do the right thing , and I never regretted anything ever . 
Home . Shower . Bed . Day off tomorrow . Score : B 
Man do I feel like a bum ! I havent slept in this late in a long time ! Its gonna be an amazing day off . Doing some cleaning then hangin out with my hunny life is GOOOOOD ! :D 
Donating blood for the first time today ! 
Its SO gonna be a great day . Laying out by the pool , playing some basketball , and spending time with my other half . What more could I ask for on such a beautiful day off <3 \ 
PS I love you ! 
Im a saint and im a sinner . Im a loser and a winner . I am steady and unstable . I am young but I am able <3 
Making jambalaya for dinner its gonna be so yummy ! :) 
Woke up in the most amazing mood ever . And now for another beautiful walk to work . 2 < PROPMALE > , yay ! ( No sarcasm intended , really ! ) <3<3<3 
Well that worked out pretty good . My hunny came to see me on break then i ended up getting off early . Hangin out at home with my super wonderful Charliebear <3 
That was a really good race im really glad the new kid won :) Now its church time . I love God <3 
In a mood -__- Ugh I hate it when I get like this blehhhhh 
Up and showered and ready to start the day all before 8 o clock on my day off . Ugh . 
Going for a walk . Its too beautiful not to be outside today <3 
Making lunch for my hunny and me . Then gonna snuggle up and be us . I love us <3 
Its a layin out by the pool , drinkin sweet tea , hair up in a ponytail , flip flop kinda day and I LOVE IT ! <3 
Lets all stress a little bit less <3 
Woke up and went on a ridiculous cleaning spree and now my apartment is spotless ! :) 
If I could < PROPMALE > you one wish . I wish you could see the way you kiss <3 
Meeting my love < PROPFEMALE > for lunch then who knows what kinda trouble we will get into : B 
Sitting here with my other half with the window open , breeze blowing , sun shining in thinking how much I just love life right now <3 
Had a GRRREAT day at work . Now im home , showered , and enjoying the time I get to spend with the most amazing man I know :) I . Love . You . <3 
Ugh I need new friends my \friends\ " suck .... " 
Watching Toy Story 3 with my little brother . He makes everything better :) 
Even though it started out rainy and gross outside , its gonna be a WONDERFULLL day ! Work til 4 then home to him <3 
Its a great day to be alive . I know the suns still shinin ' when I close my eyes . Theres some hard times in the neighborhood , but why cant everyday be just this gooooood ? <3 
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone , you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible <3 
I want things to go back to the way they were . So so so so badly .... 
I love my life . And my boyfriend . And my Jesus . Just sayin'<3 (: 
Ugh what a crappy day to walk to work . Its cold and the sky is gray :( I want my beautiful 80 degrees back ! 
Home . Making dinner . Mmmm spanish rice and veggies :) 
Made dinner . Cleaned up the kitchen . Made brownies . ( Burned them a little bit : B ) Did the dishes . Now its relaxin time (: 
Cant sleep . Watching Grown Ups . Thinking about him <3 I love you , I love you , I love you 
What would you do ooh ooh , for a klondike bar ? 
Catchin some rays with the best friend then work at 4 . This is my life and I love every second of it <3 
Thank you Lord for being who you are and doing what you do . I couldnt do anything without you <3 
A job is what we do for money ; work is what we do for love 
Happy happy birthday to my wonderful wonderful boyfriend ! I love you babe ! :) 
Making a suuuuper yummy birthday dinner for my baby <3<3 Shhhh its a surprise ! (: 
Theres no one like you in the whole entire world . And you're all mine <3 
Yep . Just bought myself a coloring book and crayons . Im never gonna grow up ! Hah ! ( : 
Hangin out with my KaylaBoo . JuicyJuice&JuicyFruit ! (: 
Had a suuuper home day at work . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > for a little bit . That was fun . Now home to my love to make dinner . Yayy <3<3 
So . Cant have a dog . Im getting a plant . Im so excited , like you have NO idea ! (: (: (: Dont know what kind me plant to get . Help ? 
Oh , what a day ! I felt like I was laughing like ALL day ! Got some pizza and some sweet tea I'm good for the night . Just keep smiling , just keep smiling .... ( : 
At the best friends house getting my hair dyed ! ( : Work at 5 (: Oh and got another job today . Yay for me (: 
Dont compare your past relationships withymus current situation . Remember the past , be excited about the future , but have fun right now . 
Off to Daytona to the roller derby (: 
Love is as much of an object as an obsession , everybody wants it , everybody seeks it , but few ever achieve it , those who do will < PROPFEMALE > it , be lost in it , and among all , never ... never forget it <3 
I just love my mom . She always knows just what to say to make me feel better shes the absolute BEST <3<3 
Cant sleep . Thinking about all the stuff that was said tonight .... Lots going through my mind 
Monday . Day 1 of \I'm gonna have a good day no matter what\ " week . Work at 11 . Come eat some DEEEE-LICIOUS Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! (: " 
Coffee and Reno 911 at Kays house before work . Hello great start to the day (: 
Making a quick little something for my love and I to eat . Day 1 has been a complete success its been a crazy awesome day ! ( : 
An at home ice cream date with my baby before bed and cuddle timeee . Going to bed a very happy girl (: <3<3<3 
So glad I had another great day at work (: glad this week is going just the way i want it to (: Home soon to my loveeebaby <3<3 
Movie time with my love <3<3 I love our life together , I really really do (: 
< PROPMALE > Marley , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and a Nutri-Grain bar from breakfast . Cant think of a better way to start the day . Off to walk to work now <3<3 
Off work . Watching Due Date with JuicyJuice then home to my hunnybunny (: 
Dinners done , dishes are done , now for some relaxing time with a suuuuper awesome guy I know ......... <3 (: 
Date night date night ! My hunny < PROPFEMALE > is taking me to Chilis . He makes my <3 go all kinds of crazy (: 
Going to a doctors appointment with the bestie . Shes having a procedure done :/ Pray that its nothing serious . Thanks (: 
I love making breakfast for my baby (: Dishes are done and the < PROPMALE > Festival is up next ! Yay for a super amazing day (: 
All I need is love , love , love . Love is all I need <3 
Up , showered , and ready for whatever this beautiful day has for me ! (: 
Oh , man . Apples and peanut butter for breakfast ? I'm LOVINN today so far ! <3<3 (: 
Walking , walking , walking 
Spaghetti for dinner bc I am the best (: 
Watching Eat , Pray , Love (: 
A good long cry with lots and lots of thinking .... just what the doctor ordered . Work in the am so its back to bed for me . Goodnight 
No power = laying in bed with my love (: <3 
Ugh . Took a nap when the power was out . Now im wide awake when I should be sleepy bc I have to work in the am . Blahhhh 
Home from an annoying day at work . Relaxing with my babe . Making dinner soon . Ah , life is grand (: 
Sooooo glad i have tomorrow off . Having some dinner and relaxing for the night . I see cuddle time in my near future <3 
I am a happy girl (: 
Going to the movies with the family to see Hop (: im such a little kid 
Wow today really has been the best day ever . Now to end this perfect day with the love of my life . Goodnight <3 
Church <3 I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ ! 
JuicyJuice & JuicyFruit havin a girls night . Watchin Easy A and chillin with < PROPFIRST > , the cutest dog everrr ! <3 
Had the weekend off and that was nice , but for some reason im really glad to be at work today . I know im weird but I love my job (: 
Making dinner for my baby for when he gets home from playing ball . I know hes gonna be hungry : B I <3 my life (: 
Todays the daaaay ! Sitting at Kelseys house waiting on Tango to have her babies . Yay for newborn kittens !! (: (: (: 
Today was on overall AHH-MAZINGG day . I am so truly blessed words cannot even begin to describe it . My life , my friends , my family , everything is just the way it should be <3 And Pandora is playing every single one of my favorite songs one after the other . Scoreeee <3 
Lol whats the first thing i do when i clock in at work ? Go next door to Wendys for my co workers ! I <3 Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Home . Relaxing . Bed soon with my love <3 
The best thing about riding your bike to work is they cant pull you over when you run a stop sign ! Haha gonna have a good day today thats for sure (: 
Well now that i dont have to work until 5 , its me and bestie time (: Still got my 4 < PROPMALE > in for the day on the bike and its not even noon (: 
Life isnt about finding yourself , its about creating yourself <3 
Oh how life is a roller coaster , but I enjoy every single second of the ride (: Goodbye 11 hour work day , helloooo my comfy bed <3 
< PROPMALE > and cheese and hot dogs for lunch = WIN ! ( : its gonna be a wonderful wonderful day . Life is what you make it ! <3 
But I believe the world is coming to an end\ 
Oh well , I guess were gonna find out\ 
Lets see how far we've come\ 
\ 
Well I believe it all is coming to and end\ 
Oh well , I guess we're gonna pretend\ 
Lets see how far we've come 
Woke up and cleaned the house from top to bottom (: Now relaxin with some pandora and COD . Hitting the poolside later yesssss (: 
Helped the little brother with his homework now hangin out at the apartment watchin G Force . What an awesome day off it has been (: 
Do I see a bubble bath in my near future ? Hmmm why yes I do !! <3 
I dont wanna grow up , I wanna be a Toys R Us kid ! ( : 
Made some goals and now they are actually within my reach ! Working hard is such a good feeling . Ive never felt better or more independent in my whole life . Its the best feeling everrrrrr !! ( : 
And ima do what I do , so do you , hey hey 
Had dinner at my mommys house . Her spaghetti is the BEST ! Oh how I have missed her cooking <3<3 
Such a beautiful day and im stuck inside sick and miserable :( 
Days like today remind me why I love my boyfriend so much <3 
Catchin some rays by the pool with my bestieeee . Thats what I'm talkin about ! <3 (: 
Feeling so wonderful right now (: Just made a yummy cake and gonna make a yummy dinner in a little bit , gosh I love my lifeeee <3 
Good freakin night 
Off from an awesome day at work and now going to a baseball game with the man I love . Life just couldnt be better <3 
2 Guys Pizza to finish up a wonderful wonderful day (: I am so blessed 
I swear if one more customer says how awesome I am at my job I just might explode of awesomeness ! Haha I <3 Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! (: 
Hellooooo Friday ! And it promises to be a GREAT one ! Stop numero uno is getting my nails done with my Mommy for her birthday ! :D 
Hunnys home from work early . Making a yummy breakfast and relaxing with my love until work (: I love you <3 
Watching Easy A with my love and a grilled cheese . Yuuuuum ! (: 
Pool time with my favorite 7 year old in the whole entire world ! <3<3<3 
Bathing suit shopping with the best frann then home to my hunny . Oh , what a wonderful life I have ! <3 
 ? Got my raise today , getting my first shift as manager on saturday , and now I get to fall asleep next to the man of my dreams . I dont know why God is so g 
 ? ood to me but he really really is (: Goooooodnight <3<3 
M-M-MMMM ! Dinner sure was yummy ! Now to relax with some Netflix before bed . It really has been a great day off ! (: 
Give thanks and praise to the Lord , and I will be alright <3 
Ramen noodles for dinner . Awesome . 
Fast 5 with my Charliebear :D 
PHEWWW ! First night closing as a manger could have been alot worse than it was (: Next up is a shower then bedddddd . Yay for doing it all again tomorrow night ! <3 
Watching some netflix while my wonderful boyfriend makes me chicken < PROPMALE > before I have to be at work til 2am tonight . I think he might LOVE me or something crazy like that ! :D 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . \ <3<3 " 
Making cookies until my hunny comes home they are gonna be YUMMMMY ! (: 
Baseball game with my baybeh (: 
Meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner made by none other than ME ! Yep I'm thinking its gonna be DEEEE-LICIOUS !! :D 
I cant wait til I'm back in school again ! CAN NOT WAIT ! <3 
Just saw Thor it was pretty good (: Now just doing whatever til I gotta work . Til 3am . Oh lucky me 
I love long meaningful conversations with my momma ! Took her out to lunch for an early Mothers Day , now to hit the pool for a little bit before work . I <3 my life ! :D 
Helpin Dad make Mothers Day dinner for my WONDERFUL mother <3 Steak , hamburgers , and sausage on the grill with all the fixins ! Cant wait ! ( : 
Live . Laugh . Loveeeee <3 
Life has come a long way since yesterday <3 
Pizza : Eaten\ 
Movie : Being watched\ 
Happiness : Achieved\ 
So my hunny just left for work and I miss him already ... Gah , Im such a hopeless romantic and always will be . Good idea < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I think Im gonna read til I fall asleep too (: Nite world . And I love you with ALL of my heart < PROPFIRST > Gary <3<3<3 
Its gonna be a GREAT day ! Barbeque with the family and my love . Awesome people , yummy food , and lots and lots of fun ! <3 (: 
Church <3 
Raymond-\When I get older Im gonna get a car with a TV in it ! \ " \ 
Ah , COD how I've missed you ! :D 
In need of a good movie like asap . Preferably a sappy chick flick or romantic comedy . Suggestions please (: 
Yes , Im making chili at 9 o clock in the morning . Its gonna cook all day and be soooooo good tonight ! :D 
Having a plan to get in shape is a good idea . Actually doing it and having will power to stay at it is a GREAT idea (: Going on a walk with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > soon . Cant waiiiiit (: 
Had suuuuuch a wondeful day ! Went for a walk at Beresford Park , tanned by the pool , watched a cute chick flick , and ate junk food (: Now to make dinner for my love and just reeeelax . I am truly truly happy <3 
I love you more than < PROPFIRST > loves < PROPFEMALE > . Than < PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > . Than < PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > . Than < PROPFIRST > loves < PROPFEMALE > and more than any other person will ever love you . Ever . <3 
Pool time with my babe (: 
Hangin out with the little bro ! (: 
Yum yum yum ! Dinners gonna be goooood tonight ! I'm the best cook everrr ! (: 
Bridesmaids with just me and my Momma (: 
Babe is making me dinner and he wont tell me what it is ! Gosh I love that man <3<3<3<3 
Homemade pizaa ? Yep hes a keeper ! (: 
Time to worship the LORD my GOD ! 
Yum ! Chocolate cake with chocolate milk to end a good good day . Cant say I have one thing to complain about (: 
Trying to fall back asleep without my hunny really sucks :/ 
I don't care if your black , white , straight , bisexual , gay , lesbian , short , tall , fat , skinny , < PROPMALE > , or poor . If you're nice to me , I'll be nice to you . Simple as that . 
Best talk EVER with a really really good friend . Now makin some dinner for me and my man . Dont be jealous , ha (: 
Ok . So CoD MW3 looks AMAZINGGG and comes out 3 days before my birthday . Go ahead . Ask me what I want for my birthday ... : B 
Who are you when I'm not lookin' ? 
Love can walk through fire without blinkin ' . It doesnt take much , when get enough , livin ' on love <3 
On a rescue mission with < PROPFEMALE > . SAVE THE BABY RACCOON ! 
More people need to be on facebook at 3:30 in the morning . Me and < PROPFEMALE > are boreddddd . Entertain us ! 
Spaghetti for dinner made with love for my love (: 
Can someone tell me how did the fire in DPE started ? 
Who else am I gonna < PROPFEMALE > on , when times get rough ? Whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up ? Whos gonna take your place , there aint nobody better . Oh baby baby , we belong together <3<3 Bedtime with my one and only . Goodnite (: 
Pooltime with the cutest little man I know <3<3 
Game night with my love was fuuuun (: 
Man , Ive been having some pretty awesome dreams lately . Super intense bike races , epic invisible vampire hunts , and undercover jewlery salesperson . Where does my head come up with these things ?? 
I believe in GOD . And He believes in me <3 
At church again . I just cant get enough of Him ! :D 
When someone doesnt apprieciate your love , give it all to God . Best investment ever . 
Memorial day with my family . The people that matter most in my life <3 
Babysitting the litte bro today . Lots of fun planned (: I love being a big sissy <3 
Day 2 of hangin with the bro . Movies , videos games , pooltime , and maybe the park ! :D 
Enchiladas for dinner ? Yep , I am the bessst ! (: 
Time to kick someones butt in some rummy ! :P 
Breakfast made ? Check . \ 
Kitchen cleaned ? Yep . \ 
Yummy delicious brownies done ? Ohhh yeeeah . \ 
Hittin the pool later ? Of course . \ 
Gonna have a good day today ? NO MATTER WHAT ! \ 
Baby carrotts for breakfast then off to Daytona for shopping with Mom and < PROPFIRST > . Yep , God is gooood . All the time ! (: 
Bought a pretty new dress today , now I get to wear it on a date tonight ! Yippie ! :D 
Going to bed happy <3 (: 
Making dinner then gonna relax and watch a movie with my love and just enjoy his company <3 
My belly is full of pizza and my heart is full of love . What more could a girl want ? :D 
My babe is home ! Hangin out with him is always fun (: 
1 can of Chef Boyardee\ 
1 glass of my deeeelicious sweet tea\ 
1 Boyfriend\ 
Add all ingredients together for a very yummy lunch (: \ 
Deadliest Warrior : Columbian drug cartels or Somalian pirates . Who will win ? 
Nerdin ' it out playin video games with my babe . Hehe we are so cute (: 
Ok so my neighbor reeeeally needs to turn his tv down . I think he fell asleep unless hes really into those super annoying infomercials at 2am . You know . The ones with the overly energetic voices that make it hard to fall back asleep after your boyfriend leaves ... -_- 
Shower , PJs , Apple Jacks , Netflix . Good Morning (: 
McDonalds playplace with my little brother ! I refuse to grow up ! You cant make meeee ! :D eb 
Come to the geek side . We have Pi .... : B 
7 signs your in love :\ 
7 . You read their texts over and over again . \ 
6 . You walk really slow when you are with them . \ 
5 . They become all you think about .. \ 
4 . You get high just by their smell . \ 
3 . You realize you're always smiling when you think about them . \ 
2 . You would do ANYTHING for them . \ 
1 . While reading thid , there was one person on your mind the whole time . 
Layin ' on the couch with my babe < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Goofin ' off , bein ' dorks and lovin ' every second of it ! <3 
Dinner date with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . So glad my girrrrl is in town ! (: 
Woke up early , worked out , took a shower , straightened up the house , and now just waitin on the boy to get home . Man , I feel GOOD ! :D 
Spaghetti , salad , and garlic bread with my amazing sweet tea . Dinners gonna be gooood tonight (: 
Gettin ' my sweat on with good ol ' < PROPFIRST > \The Situation . \ " Workin out feels so GREAT ! <3 " 
Good day ( played basketball ) + good night ( got closer to my hunny ) = a very happy happy me (: 
Making breakfast for the love of my life <3 
Ok so who DOESNT like meatloaf sandwiches ? Its the best way to eat leftover meatloaf , annnnnd its delicious ! Right ?! :D 
Dont be afraid . \ 
Its only love . \ 
Love is simple . 
She would change everything for happy ever after . . 
I am who I am . And damn proud of it ! <3 
Good Morning ! Lets start this day with a little workout then some CoD (: BooYah ! 
Making cookies for my daddy for Fathers day tomorrow ! <3<3 (: 
Please pray for my mom as soon as you read this . Shes in the hospital with stomach pains that have been bothering her for the past few months . Shes getting tests and a catscan done . Pray its nothing serious thanks . 
Overall , today was a pretty . Well spent with family and friends and lots and lots of good food (: Thanks for the prayers for my Mom , shes out of the hospital and they didnt find anything . Keep praying that they do find out whats wrong with her tho , thanks 
Mmmmmm , jello (: 
Beach beach beach beach beach beeeeaaccchhh ! <3 
Well no beach today , but hangin by the pool with friends . Still a good day in my book ! :D 
Jacuzzi time , ohhhh yeeeeah ! (: 
I <3 my boyfriend . And his friends . And their nerd talk . Ha . 
1 . How we met ? \ 
2 . Your name in my phone ? \ 
3 . Have i ever liked you ? \ 
4 . Who are you to me ? \ 
5 . Have you ever made me mad ? \ 
... 6 . What i dislike about you ? \ 
7 . Favorite memory ? \ 
8 . First impression of you ? \ 
9 . How close are we ? \ 
10 . Do I challenge you to put this as your status ? \ 
LIKE IT !! (: 
Bible study with < PROPFEMALE > was great ! ( : 
Sloppy joes with the little bro ! <3 
Sometimes . I'm clueless and I'm clumsy . But I got friends that love me . And they know just where I stand . Its all a part of me . And thats who I am <3 
Beachin ' it with my super awesome friends . Its gonna be a wonderful wonderful day ! (: (: (: 
My Savior loves , my Savior lives , my Saviors always there for me . My God he was , my God he is , my God hes always gonna be ! <3 
My boyfriend is the BEST for sneaking out of the house while I was sleeping to surprise me with breakfast . I just love you , Charlie <3 
There is no one like our God <3 
Back to church ! <3 
Off to bed to fall asleep with the love of my life . His arms are my favorite place to be <3 
Veggies and dip for lunch ? YUM YUM YUM ! <3 <3 <3 
Steak , homemade mashed potatoes , and green beans for dinner ! All made by me bc I'm awesome ! (: 
Does anyone else not have power right now ? Because its not very cool .... 
You may not always end up where you thought you were going , but you will always end up where you were meant to be <3 
I really love my boyfriend . With all of my heart , I do <3 
As we approach Independence Day , remember ... The American flag does not fly because the wind moves past it . The American flag flies from the last breath of each military member who has died protecting it . American soldiers don't fight because they hate what's in front of them ... they fight because they love what's behind them . \ Re-Post this if you support our troops ! " 
Watching some lamely made zombie movie . But cuddled up with my hunny makes for a wonderful friday night (: I <3 my life ! 
Goin to the baseball game with my love (: 
