Hey , anyone in my Spanish class know if we have it on Monday . And what was it that we were supposed to do ... Something about an article ? 

Hey , anyone know if we had any bio or spanish homeworK ? 
has procrastinated this weekend in true IB fashion 
is attempting to translate something on Russian ... 
Happy New Years 
Preparing for the epic loss to @ < PROPMALE > Lemarque on Thursday . 
It seems like this is all I use this for but ... what was the spanish homework <.< 
dangerous animals or animals in danger ... the plight of my spanish article escapade >.< Anyone know the one we're supposed to find ? 
Some guy was tied to the bed of a truck today on my way home . ' twas odd . 
Awesome . We all just got some free < PROPFIRST>'s advertisement .... Now I want pancakes tommorow . 
is kinda mad he waited 2 hours to find out that he couldn't take the ASVAB >.< 
I'm realizing now that I have no pictures from high school like at all . Not really sure what to send to yearbook . 
In retrospect , not doing those bio notes was a bad idea . I'd probably do it again ... 
Wow ... my dog just tried eating my homework . It's kind of wet now :/ 
Just got home from the ASVAB . I actually got to take it this time ... 
To anyone on here that actually keeps up with chess club . Dr. Spital has a meeting this Thurday , so club is to be next week . 
to all people who actually play mafia wars , coul you stop sending me stuff ? I haven't even logged on in weeks . thanks 
is not looking forward to his spanish recording tommorow :/ 
Finally home :) 
Curiosity has led me to actually listen to Pandora's Trojan radio ... of course lady Gaga is the first to play . 
Anyone know the poems we had to read for english ? 
Home ! Now for homework ... 
40 hours of music don't last that long ... 
Hey . Does anyone know of any good music shops here in Jacksonville ? Trying to get a CD <.< 
* sigh * back to work . That was a short break :/ 
Spring : the time when plants decide to sex it up all over your car and leave you to clean up the mess ... Seriously , I swear that I cleaned that thing yesterday :/ 
Back from UF . It was pretty awesome ; I'm finally looking forward to college . Work afterwards wasn't so great . Hooray for being 2 hours late :/ 
New iPhone is going to come with a special advertizing platform called ‘iAds’ So , who can guess how I read that <.< 
Dear god , is doing math homework without a working calculator annoying ( and time-consuming ) . Seriously , doing invNorm ? Stupid calculators online don't work right half the time either /rant 
Finished with Changes . What is Butcher thinking ending his book like that ? Stupid cliffhangers ... 
and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > just got followed home today by some creepy fat guy in a red mustang . That was not fun . 
thanks to Katja Aivanov for last.fm, which I finally tried out . 
Doesn't feel like studying ... time to play tetris . 
Facebook is being difficult today <.< Can't do anything ... 
decided to play peasant's quest . Oh the lolz . 
I know this is like really last minute , but does anyone know what's up with that Baccalaureate Rehearsal tomorrow ? \ 
\ 
Like , do we have to go and when is the baccalaureate thingy . 
definitely had a good time at the IB dinner tonight . You guys are pretty amazing . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sutton Yes , I figured it out . Plus , new status . I feel accomplished now . 
Today was a great day . Hoping the rest of my summer is as good . 
is currently sitting through preview . 
is home from preview . Really boring . Some cool people though . 
can actually text now . Really , it's about time . 
would like to say good luck to all the people moving to UF today . I'll see you in two months ^_^ 
I finally have a day off of work this Tuesday . I must find something to do ... 
is online again ! \ 
My internet decided to stop working and then decided not to work right when it would let me on , so I'm happy that all problems are gone ... \ 
... quite mysteriously so 0 . o 
I got my IB diploma :) \ 
Turns out I even guessed all my scores right to for the UF preview . Not to bad . 
is finally packed . Now to get everything into the car ... but that's a job for tomorrow . 
just made his first dinner away from home . It's not moving so ... hopefully that's a good sign . 
Had a fun day despite the convocation . Hopefully tommorow works out the same , despite work at 7:30 in the mornig :/ 
5 hours ' till my next class . I should find something to do <.< 
Gelato is actually pretty tasty Especially when it's free . 
I love how I can't use the internet in my room this weekend <.< \ 
Aparently cox is having problems and my apartment can't support its wifi network ... 
So ... firefox is actually pretty cool . Kinda wish I'd started using it a while ago . 
I really need to find something to do tomorrow . Work's already taken my Friday night . They won't get my Saturday to . 
My language apparently just switched to Brazil . I'm glad Portuguese is close enough to Spanish that I could understand most of it . 
My apartment's new security does not appear to be fully compatible with firefox >.< I really wish they'd stop screwing with my internet service . 
My rice tastes like popcorn ... Mission accomplished ? 
My team is dying ... Only 2 of us left 
?? ( ? o ? ) ?? Does a little dance . 
made cookies . 
is gonna head home Thursday for the weekend . 
is at home . It's been a while ... but it's still home . 
I wonder how many people actually read what I post up here . 
Locking your keys in your car is definitely not fun . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Heaps for the help tonight ... 
Just got home to Jacksonville . 
just received gran turismo 5 in the mail , but I do not own a PS3 ... 
feels that upcoming finals and due dates might have something to do with the recent revival of snake . 
Off to my last final . Now to attempt coherence at 7 in the morning . 
back in Gainesville 
Stupid < PROPFEMALE > for not having the classes I want at the times I want >.< 
Finally got around to watching the last airbender . Such a disappointment ... though with Shyamalan directing that's not unexpected <.< 
