well 2010 went from being an amazing year and breaking apart at the last minute , which leaves only positive possibilities this year , yay 

loves how the show on tv is trying to make croatia look like a great place to visit .... hooah developing nations ... 
back to texas tomorrow ; 2 more months till A1C , three more till graduation 
going back to base early tomorrow , hopefully I can get my RAP paperwork done so I can return in april ... 
FUCKITFUCKITFUCKIT FUCKKING FUCKIT !!!! 
people suck !!! 
has no clue what we're doing tomorrow , so im just gonna find somewhere with free signal , and watching tv on my ipod touch ..... then dont know what im doing after school .... 
Yay boredom 
Hello people ! 
Why are some people so annoying ...... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
thinking .... 
awesome night ..... tomorrow i might run down to weis , and more packing ..... things are getting better 
going for a run , be back around 0945-1000 . 
yay , reading 
7 weeks and 1 day until lackland afb .... 
Why do people turn like gears , like every action has a defined course . True life is only experienced when one frees themselves from such machines and moves along their own path .... 
yay waiting in the cafe til grad practice starts ?. . . . . . . ,.... 
Wondering whats going on anymore in my life .... 
Graduating today , awesome .. 
Dont even know anymore ... 
And when everything is said and done , I am still left alone .... 
time for several hours of PT to pass the time .... 
6 weeks 3 days until Basic training @ Lackland afb - San < PROPFIRST > , Tx\ 
15 weeks 1 day until Tech Training @ Goodfellow afb - San < PROPFIRST > , Tx -hopefully\ 
37 weeks 3 day until First Duty Station @ Whereever -hopefully around that date 
Has the feeling someone is lying about something , hmm ... 
brb 
Im a man who can make diamonds out of dust , as my body is pulled \ 
into the dust itself ; and I am down to my last grains of sand .... 
at middle smithfield elem . Pulling apart mods 
Just\ 
wants to break down into dust and be consumed back into this hopeless \ 
world 
has no clue why we're doing all this . . . . 
dont know what to do anymore .... im an idiot ... 
Feeling sick .... 
5 weeks 5 days left tip basic 
5 weeks 5 days tip basic 
Futurama new season , yes !!!! 
Was I born without a heart or was I born in a world of heartless beings ...... I remain baffled by this worlds beauty and yet disgusted of its realities ..... what truly is this universe's form in which my essence is pulled and pushed away ...... and are these feelings artificial or genuine .... i don't know anymore .... 
The clocks ticking so how is it that nothings moving ...... the sands of time are running out , am I being crushed by it as it falls ...... immobilized by the descending loss .... 
I guess things are better this way , cant hurt anyone when theres no one \ 
left to hurt ..... 
regardless , someones gonna get hurt ...... that being said , am I the savior , the martyr , or the damned .... 
made a huge mistake .... am i really that heartless ?.... 
5 weeks 2 days ...... of loneliness now .... 
yea ... wonderful day ..... back to the old routine , with the exceptions of a busted hand and a few scratches ....... yay false optimism ..... 
Why are they called hamburgers if its made from a cow ? beefburgers more logical much ? 
United States Air Force 2010- ? \ 
5 weeks and 1 day left until Basic Training\ 
13 weeks and 6 days until Tech Training 
bored ... hoping for a good evening ... 5 weeks left until basic training . 
Robot unicorn attack , enough said ... 
yay .... 4 weeks and 6 days .... 34 days ..... until I leave for Basic Training 
would anyone date my friend < PROPMALE > mannion ? 
Will I fall back into a world of loneliness ?... I guess I got too close then I \ 
should have .... It was good while it lasted ... just wish I can relive those \ 
moments ...... 
one month left until the next chapter of my life begins ... I just hope its worth \ 
everything Im giving away for it ..... 
why is it that I cant be happy anymore ... 
Im done looking for this little piece of heaven ... sick of false emotions and the people fabricating them ..... at this point I just want to see this world torn asunder .... or an ounce of purpose .... 
feels like an idiot ... 
In a month , everything will change ..... there are just certain things I dont want to lose .... 
yay sickness ..... i hate stupid people .... 
idk ... 
awesome , new Linkin Park album out just in time to celebrate my basic training graduation if I dont screw anything up 
idk anymore ... 
................................................................ 
All people are afraid of change .... but the reality is in order to build the worlds biggest sand castle , someone needs to go out of their way to get the sand . In change , humans can make dreams to sculp their lives into the most precious of essence . 
guess that idea didnt work .... 
Don't know what to trust anymore ... 
Bored , on the bright side , Linkin Park's new album comes out september 14th 
why do people lie ..... dont know what to trust anymore ... 
whats did I do wrong .... 
2 weeks and 6 days left .... 
reading stuff about air force survival and medical , then some stuff about military finance , yay ... 
too much thinking .... grr 
i guess thats the best course of action ... 
I dont know ... 
trying to figure things out 
bored out of my mind .... 
too much stuff on my mind anymore ... 
And I finally give up .... Can't have any < PROPMALE > at happiness without someone or other trying to screw me over of it .... Trust is a waste ... And kindness is dead ... 
so confused anymore ... 
Another year of unachievement ..... Yay .... 
and i screwed things up again .... 19 years and i still got it ..... 
About a week 
yay ..... i no longer have a best friend ; im gonna go deny reality and tear my mind apart now .... awesome 
bored , how is everyone ? 
I dont know anymore ...... 
why do i even try anymore ..... people suck .. 
why did I leave home ? been losing everything ever since .... 
bye bye other facebook , like anyone gives a damn ..... 
like this status to find out how much I hate you 
people suck 
Like this status for a possible result 
so essentially what I learned in block 5 was that every Blue's Clues episode was wrong cause < PROPMALE > sucked at analytical thinking , and < PROPFIRST > just plain sucked ..... 
Light the past up in fire ; and let it burn to ash ..... screwed up so fucking bad , and now im alone ...... fuck everything 
When I grow up , I wanna be a real boy ~ I love when puppets cant accept reality . 
Sometimes ... Sometimes I feel like I'm not a part of this world anymore . Like everything runs independent of me and I'm just watching , and it is lonely . My world is incomprehensible and so it is left alone . A burden endlessly in sorrow and self-hate . In this world the skies are black and I am petrified of what may lie beyond those clouds .... 
Completely ran out of stuff to do .... 
Yay laundry and hating people ... 
30 minutes till midnight chow and then after that , im clueless as to why i am still awake 
Am I really that bad of a person ..... I give up , at this rate everythings just going to fall a part ..... 
Every abstraction of occurrences in this universe had a once in a reality < PROPMALE > of happening and inspire those odds , my only existence is as this broken excuse of a human being .... Guess another eternity worth the wait to fix all I've done ... 
just got done with practice ; gonna go buy a new lego set 
saturday night ... and Im at my dorm , miserable .... 2 more months I guess .. 
bad week ..... getting worse 
goldfish snacks , supporting genocide more and more with every little bite .... 
you people and your overdramatic attachments .... 
Join the air force and see the world ........ still in texas ...... 
I need to get out of this state before I start talkin like a Texan .... 
I am living in an amish paradise 
i dont know anymore 
people suck ! 
two years without math , and I have a college precalc test on thursday ....... 
Like for a truth is ? 
Too much on my mind to sleep . Realizing my limits .... Am i a horrible horrible person for caring or is everyone else just horrible . Maybe i just cant see the real colors of this world . 
Just a few more months and I'll finally be done with training .... Hopefully be home soon 
Almost a month until I'll be home ..,. Finally !!! 
They say that in the air force home is mighty fine , how the he'll do I know , I've been in training the whole time ....... 
Going for green rope this week 
Check out these knights , ready for battle ! One year down , five to go ! 
Awesome day when the most effort was put into practicing marshalling .... 
Someday .... my goals will be reached .... 
Like this status for a random outcome or truth 
This world needs to get alittle more interesting .... 
4 more days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
goal for the year : make thunderbolt on next pt test , and finish at least first volume for 5-level .... 
It has come to my conclusion that the new generation has developed a highly effective emotional defense mechanism in which they can make a shield that allows them to buckle under this perfectly fucked up world that the previous generation has given them . Explains the sudden increase of ignorance and surrealism that is in the air . Stupid people . 
I finally finish training and everyones going back to school ...... Hopefully I'll be able to do the same next year at Colorado springs .... Goals are set 
Home for 3 weeks ..... And everyone has school ..... Dammit pol , don't need an education 
yea !!! 
Annoying kids are exactly why they invented the toaster ..... On leave and I get to run arts and crafts in the AM 
how the hell is the world going into a fresh water shortage ??? its been raining ever since i got home .... post-Irene ..... 
The world is flat !!! 
Yet another wonderful day of inprocessing , at least tomorrow I get to help with the change of command ceremony for the commander I never knew 
