Steph and I have decided to be cats , in the Krauter household ! As a matter of fact I have been a playing cat for 2 days ! I just need a mouse to play with , mmmm should my mind wander to ever so sunshine filled places . 

The sky is on fire tonite ! 
The sky is on fire ! 
Going to little Mexico tonight !!! Bufford Hwy here I come ! 
I skipped little Mexico , went to Athens to party . Saw a great band but ....... Cant's seem to remember the name ,,,, LOL You know your drunk when the hot dog stand on the corner looks good and its 3 am !!! 
Play time anyone ? 
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . 
I feel that soon the goverment will exclude this right altogether . We will soon be executed swiftly for standing up for what we belive in . 
Release ...... I need some release ............. The power of my body has taken me to unknown places . 
Can any one tell me why ?... Why ,... what you say ... Why I can not support someone for them and not what they believe in ? 
freedom of speech rules ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching\ 
spiritual death . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. , Where Do We Go from Here : Chaos or Community ?, 1967 . 
Is it just me or has < PROPFEMALE > become the land of the tropics ? OMG it has rained here every day this month . My grass is knee high ..... 
It is a better thing that one should be a product of one's own imagination , than simply a manifestation of the expectations of others .. 
Well people ....... I have had clairity given to me .... I have been given my freedom .... for better or worse . 
There is a joy to watching to sun rise . As it mirrors the morning dew that has settled on the newly spun webs hanging from the trees . 
Wow !!! The pond is clear ... It's time to get wet >>> . 
I think its time to have Steff a house warming party !!!! MMmmmmm .. Any suggestions ?? 
Oppression ..... I truley believe that our goverment want's to kill us . 
Hooraahhh !!! My mother of another color is coming to live with me here in < PROPFEMALE > ! She is the closest thing to family I have . Oh let the sun shine !!! 
\Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities . The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence " 
OMG would someone fucking shoot me . If I hear one more documentry on GOD i think i'll die . 
send what 
going mudding 
yeap 
Greenpeace . 
It is a great thing that someone was creative enough to put headlights on the riding lawn mower . I finally mowed the lawn , thanks to my guys I didn't have to mow around a fallen tree !! Rock On !! 
OMG !!!! Fester just brought us a RAT ! It was atleast 8inches w/out tail and it was very alive . Yes me the animal lover put it back out side ....... 
Hanging out on the patio today , loving the weather . 
Igor called me last night . It was the fist time I had spoken to him in months . He sounded great ... Happy . So I guess that has to make me happy too . 
Igor called me last night . It was the first time I had spoken to him in months . He sounded great ... Happy . So I guess that has to make me happy too . 
same here i guess thinking about going to nc next weekend 
I was awakened this fine friday morning w/ < PROPFIRST > dropping a very live rat on me . So I guess that's true love ... lol 
A little lonely today , I was looking for my customary Sunday smile but it did not appear . 
Just because your pissed does not justify throwing another persons belongings out the window . Grow up . 
Why do people raise their voice . Do they not realize that tone is all that is required to get my attention ? 
My girl said to me last night\Suck my left pussy lip\ " omfg " 
I am sad .... :-( My < PROPFEMALE > is missing !!!! sniff sniff tear tear .... I am sad ........ :-( 
supercalafragilistickexpealadoucious 
I saved a baby dragonfly today .... 
Paying bills ..... Yuck !! Nasty taste .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is home !!!! She is sick and might have a snake bite . She had a high temp and is dehydrated but she is alive !!!!!! I am so very happy . I love my babies they are my world . 
That's it ... I was told today that I was the water Natzi .... Can you believe that ? Me ? 
Why do they ( being the collective ) call hunting down a defensless animal and killing it a \Sport \"?" 
Well , the time has finally arrived . Fall is in the air and it will soon be time time to go to the mountains . I can't wait to feel the cool air on my skin and watch the animals prepare for the winter . I just want to be one with nature under the trees and absorbe the earths positive energy that comes w/ the change of the seasons . 
Just because I'm different doesn't make me weird . Just because I'm loud doesn't make me outgoing . Just because I smile doesn't mean that everything is OK . 
Rain ..... Laziness .... Left the truck window down .... And refused to go roll it up . Nice ... Sitting here I wonder if my ass is going to get wet this morning .. hehehe 
First learn the facts , then you can distort them all you want . 
Life is like a tractor pull ... The further you go the harder it gets . 
Cat piss , cat puke , cat hair , cat shit , cat litter , cat food , cat spit , cat puss , cat med's .. ok i'm that lady that you saw when you were 15 and said Carzy Cat lady , that will never be me . OMG what's happened ? 
Never compare a man to a dog . Dogs are loyal . They don't cheat , they don't lie . Most of all , they never bit the hand that fed them . 
News flash ..... I finally washed the truck . Yeap that's right , now it just might fall apart . 
There are times being alone at night just sucks ! This would be one of those times . * sighs * 
Well , the Sandman found me . I dreamed of Sunshine and Lollypops ... I can understand the lollypops but , could someone explain the Sunshine ? 
It's here ... Pt 10-3 .... Now I can enjoy the weather and get some sleep . P.S. < PROPFEMALE > has wondered off again . 
I wish politicians had to wear shock collars that went off every time they told a lie . 
Sitting on the patio , living the good life . Easy breeze , cold vodka and the sound of the wind in the trees . It makes me wonder why the Atom Bomb ? 
where r u 
Oh I have an idea ... An Adventure ... I am going to gert naked and dance on the patio ..... 
Hangovers are not good on a work day . 
You know it's cold when all the animals are in bed w/ you . It's a good thing I have a cali < PROPMALE > . 
My list of unforgivable acts will be short . It contains just two things , lie to me or steal from me . 
Little Brasil , Yes I ate and it was so good ! 
Eminent Domain ......... The most common reason < PROPMALE > is exercised in the US is for building new or larger roadways , airports or government buildings , although during the second half of the 20th century , takings for urban redevelopment have become common .... WTF ... 
Well , here it is again .... off wrk at 3 . What to do what to do 
I am so very happy today ! They have rescued all of the miners in Chili !!! It's going to be a great day , full of positive energy i can feel it flowing through the air . 
Rock on .... 29 miners out and 4 to go !! I am glued to the news 
30 ... 3 to go 
31 up ... 2 to go 
32 up .... 1 to go 
33 up ... rescuers to follow !! 
5 rescue workers to go 
4 rescuers to go 
3 rescue wrkrs to go 
4 UP ... 2 TO GO 
5 OUT ... 1 MORE 
YYYYeeeeeaaaaaaappppiiiiiii ..... Freedom !!!! I am so very happy . All sorts of positive energy . I love it !! 
I am sad today . 
I have to disassociate myself from reality today . In my dream I will lay next to you and talk about nothing important . I will have lunch today with you in my dreams . 
I am even more sad today . The baby I have had the longest died today . This has turned out to be a real shit week . I need to get out of this house and go see people . Get some sunshine in my dark depressing ever lingering week . Maybe invite people over and have a bon fire . I have no clue but I need something to turn off the voices in my head . I also need to dig a hole and get a burial stone ready . :-( 
WOW .. I do believe every inch of my body hurts . My wrist hurts real bad , my left hand is burnt , my fingers are cut , my knee is busted up and my other leg is skinned from the anlke to the knee . Whould someone please rewind the video so I can atleast remember how mch fun I had . 
I got to ride a farriswheel today !!! So exciting ... 
if enough people belived war was wrong we could end it 
It's the little things in life that make this girl smile ~ ~ Smell of coffee ~ Bubble Baths ~ Sunny Day's~Fresh Batteries ~ ; ) 
I am watching the morning light reflect off the rising steam of the pond . Fall is here I am going to change the patio colors to a deeper earth tone . 
Rain .. Mnmm the smell of wet cat ! 
If you never < PROPMALE > what you want , you'll never get it . If you never ask , the answer is always no . If you never step forward , you'll always be in the same place . 
Please do not misunderstand my kindness as a weekness . 
Do you ever wonder what people are thinking ? Most of the time all I can say to myself is WTH . 
Why do people flush dead fish down the toilet ? 
I have to laugh out loud sometimes ; humanity in general is totally out of touch with reality . What makes someone think that it is ok to go into another country and dictate how they live their life ? I would not take it lightly if someone came on to my land and told me how to behave . We have a human right to march to the beat of any tune we choose . I have noticed that oppression has taken on the definition of democracy 
Eeyore PJ's , ativan , 420 & < PROPFEMALE > Jones . Follow the yellow brick road . Hi Ho Hi Ho , it's off to work we go . This little piggy went to the market . 
I need to go on a trip . One of those trips where someone else makes all the decisions and all I have to do is pack a bag and say where we going . 
Party at my crib , BYOB . 
I now have VERY blue streaks in my hair . 
Humans should be tagged like cattle , so you know the good from the bad , which ones are taken & by whom , & whether they're safe to be around or just full of shit ! 
Unconditional .... : complete or guaranteed , with no conditions , limitations , or provisos attached 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 
Pictures and laundry ... Windows open and the cats following me around . Great Saterday , music and windchimes ! 
Oysters , crackers and a cold beer . Oh and lets not forget the hot sauce . 
When someone tells you to keep quiet about an event , then you expect the same from them .. right ? Then why give up the info in front of the very people that you did not want to know about it in the first place ? I don't like that . 
If reincarnation was real , our Founding Fathers would come back as Flag-waving , Bible-thumping , gun-toting Patriots .. Oh , Wait .. THAT'S what they were originally ! 
I was telling my girl < PROPFEMALE > today that we learn from our mistakes . Well , I am the kind of person that when I make mistakes I make life changing ones . So , if you are going to reach for something make it good , so if you fail you know it was worth the effort . 
When someone says to you \When are you going to grow up\ " they really mean when are you going to stop having fun and be like me . " 
Why is it a girl can't have casual sex with out being labled ? If we don't want it we are uptight and fridged , if we do want it were a slut . It's really a no win situation , so don't have casual sex you say ....... Well , then you are one of those special people that have an electric blanket and a stock of C batteries or married . 
Well it has been settled ... Potato & Asparagus soup ( homemade of course ) w/ cornbread/garlic bread . That's for Saturday night supper around the fire . 
I have a weakness for Chick-fil-a ... No other land animal but I can not resist a chicken sandwich . I went for 16 days no chicken . Any suggestions ? 
It is far to cold to leave the door open for the cats ... they keep me up all night wanting in or out . Time for a cat door for the winter ... 
To my life changed . Not for the better , you know how people say when one door closes another opens . My best friend the dearest person to me , moved today . I am very sad i cried all night and most of today . 
Well the soup is great ! Steph bought dead flesh so if any of you are interested in that . Wood has been gathered and putting out the seats . Rock ON !! 
three fires going and to much food nd way to much beer . 
Sleep . 
I have not been to a Wal-Mart in more than a year . Well there is a very good reason for that . It is truely to door step to HELL . 
Sleep ... I have 4 days to do nothing but sleep and watch documentaries and all the Netflix I can handle . I am going to snuggle up w/ all the little ones in my bed and maybe shop online . Does anyone have an idea on what I should watch or maybe buy ? 
Having a < PROPFEMALE > and watching the leaves fall . 
The Girl From Monday 
THX 1138 
Hanging out at home . Making the neatest gift .... well maybe just creative . I hope it is well received !!! 
Reading about N Korea attack , where has humanity gone wrong ? I feel like people kill just for the sake of killing . 
Went to little Brasil today , mmm coffee & cookies 
I was called an extream left wing liberal and a tree hugging hippie . Both mean to be offensive bbut , well taken as a complement . 
Foggy cold weather , sitting here watching the fog rise off the pond . The cats are also watching with me . Playful little things they are the light of my life ? 
I am just so very proud of myself . I saved a bundle on fixing the dryer myself . It also makes me feel good knowing that I have the common sense to do the small things around the house 
I just received news today that after the holiday Igor's unit will move to a new base and start the out process . He should be back in the states sometime in January . A full 2 months early . 
Three brands of dog and cat food produced in a Kroger-owned factory have been recalled . If your cat or dog eats Pet Pride , Old Yeller , or Kroger Value brand food , check to see if your package is on the pet food recall list . 
< PROPFIRST > brought me supper , mmmm dead animal . 
I need an electric blanket , i'm cold this bed is way to big . 
We are far too oblivious to the privilege of our own breathing . Most of the risks we don't take and regret later have more to do with potential damage to egos than life or limb . 
Cannabis is not a health problem , the problem is that it promotes social values and attitudes that are unwelcome in capitalist market based society , and it’s just that simple . 
I went to the grocery store the other night and passed a house that must have had a thousand lights and odd decorations all lit up . I said to my mother “There you go consumerism and commercialism at its best . ” It takes 714 pounds of coal to light 1-100watt light for 24 hours . 
**** Going to the Athens area homeless shelter tomorrow to drop of supplies . If you have extra clothes , blankets , shoes , ect that you no longer need let me know . 
I was told today thet I was emotionally stunted . 
It is my day off and it has had a pretty neat start . My trash man backed his truck all the way down my driveway to get the trash . He said he had a busy day ahead and new I had trash and had not brought it up to the street . As most of you know my driveway is very long and not by any means straight . That was an awsome gift to give me . 
Sweet November .. Great movie >>> 
Bubble baths are great , now to get dressed and find something to do . 
Well , I could not bring myself to face to massive crowd at the store . So I am hold up at home w/ 1 < PROPFEMALE > , enough coffee creamer to get through 1 pot of coffee , and it is cold in the house and the snuggle factor is zero . :( 
Fed the birds and now it is time to put food out for the other little hungery ones 
Why is it that when < PROPFEMALE > starts taking pics and making calls and being SILLY everyone says your drunk or uv been drinking . Well yes I was but don't assume that I was ! Also don't assume that I am easy to please or don't care about myself . Take care of your own life and I can deal w my desease by myself ! So stop interfearing ! 
well there is no getting out or in my driveway wo 4wd . or not even that i tried to take the trash up to the street but the drive was thick snow aqnd ice my 4wd didnt do well . 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be someone's first choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past .... but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am ... or watch me as I walk away . Post this if you're proud of being you . 
You and I wake up in jail together . USING ONLY 4 WORDS , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
How old were you when you realized society sucked ? How old will you be when you do something about it ?... Zendik Farms 
I had the oddest dream last night , the grocery store took the chip isle and broke it down into 5 diffrent spots . Each one at the end of a diffrent isle . Then took some of the produce and put it in a misc isle on the other side of the store . I was lost i could not find anything . Then i woke up and went upstairs and made a bowl of cereal . 
Maricopa just found out that the tube to my IV bag will move if he touches it . I Just know that I am going to come home and he will have had a days worth of fun time and there will be meds all over the floor . I tend to say that the cat were decorating for me . 
Due to the current financial restraints , the light at the end of the tunnel will be turned off until further notice . 
My friend < PROPMALE > said something to me about throwing you ex's shit out the window . i said it was childish and I would never do it . Well that was bullshit ! I got fed the fuck up yesterday w/ all the BULLSHIT and we had a bonfire .... Yes I did , i burned his fucking furniture , pictures , family items ALL of it !!! fucking asshole bastard son of a bitch .. i'll post pic's later . 
I bought a book today \What I learned from the Cat \"" 
I believe that TRUE happiness can only be found in the wanton indulgence of animals ... Calvin & Hobbes 
Spending the day in Athens ! So much fun to come !!!! 
If i could just teach the cats to fetch me coffee 
Cats are like potato chips , 1 is never enough ! 
\The love for all living creatures is the most < PROPMALE > attribute of man . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
I so need an elec blanket ... my bed is freaking cold ! 
New med's started last week not doing so good w/ the anti don't get worse go away med's i'm already on . Making me more sick than usual this week . :( 
ok , I ditched the new med's and told the doc to find me something else ... yuck ! 
< PROPFIRST > sed 2 me bekah ur more of a mna than some men so men u r interested n r intimedated by u 
geeses gooses cranes malllards fish cats no people .... save mother earth 
Quote of the day : < PROPFEMALE > Ono on Janis : “Janis had the friendly warm smile that is so rare and she gave them to everyone so freely . ” 
The sound of a flock of geese or ducks woke me this morning . It was great a little fog behind the pond today too . It is so peaceful here , so just lay back and enjoy the show . 
Egret will you come back this year . 
All the dead trees come down today . Boy there are 2 REALLY big ones too . They are going to cut them down and leave them so we can cut them up and have a bon fire . Several bon fires ..... 1 is really close to the house and its the biggest one so I am glad to have it gone . All the other trees look great !!! 
Believing in things that you cannot see is not encouraging its depressing , 
I went out to take pic of my new backyard and had a heard of deer !! Maybe 6 or 7 AWSOME . 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > this morning ! Going to spend the day in Athens .. sweeeeett 
the little one have ripped up the screen door ..... we have flies in yhe house .. :( 
Back to painting today my roomies are great they both helped out yesterday . 
I wish I had a backup system with a restore point . 
Silence .... mmmmm ..... 
It may be a sad day , I had to take Maricopa to the Vet . His tail is broken , poor little thing they might have to take his tail off . :( They are suppose to call me soon . 
:-( 
Wildflowers , wild turkey's these are things I saw today . 
I just lost 222lb ... just like that , poof ! 
There wil be a small get together at my place tomorrow night , to bring in the Spring and the Supermoon . Bonfire of course ! 
I had a great time yesterday , I accomplishd < PROPFEMALE > , nothing , zilch , hahaha . I did manage to get get drunk off of 6 beers . Go bekah . Missed my own party , glad I enjoyed the < PROPFEMALE > the night befor . My friends were here though I think they had a good time . Go Bekah ... I am a flake .. atleast those who love me know that , aand still love me . 
Laying in bed watching netflix w some of the little ones 
woobie : a security blanket ; a blankie ; a favorite toy or object ... mine ripped today . \ 
:( 
I need to install a faucet and paint the bathroom in the apartment and it will be ready to show . 
My apple tree , pear tree and dogwood trees are in full bloom . It is beautiful with the pond and bamboo as the backround . 
To much kitty ... little bugger heads all want to be in my spot . 
My woobie finally gave it up on me . I hardly got a wink of sleep last night . 
kittys all over the bed ... hehehe 
