Got TOOL concert tics for my daughter and I !!!!!! 

Headed to farmers market . Love this time of year ! 
Had a great Father's Day with my daughter ! On vacation this week and seeing TOOL concert Wednesday with TOOL's #1 fan , my daughter . Life is good . For now . 
Going to TOOL concert tonight with my daughter ! Gonna be soooo AWESOME ! 
Headed to the farmer's market . Wanna score stuff to make pico de gallo . 
Had a great day with my daughter on Barren Fork River in Tahlequah . Love summer and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
MR MOJO RISIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This sucks ! Had an allergic reaction and right cheek and lips are swollen like a MF . I look like a chipmunk ! Happens once a year . Allergic to something . Don't know what . 
Hey ! Huge THANKS to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday !!!!! 
Gone camping ! 
< PROPMALE > is so cool ! 
In just four days my life has changed so much ! 
I don't think I will set my FB status to \single\ " forever !!! " 
Man I'm glad to be someone's \Man \"!" 
Looking forward to spending time with my GF and daughter this wkend ! My GF is so BEAUTIFUL and I have missed her this week ! 
Think I have found the meaning of life . Don't ask what it is but I know ! 
So glad tomorrow is my last 12hr shift for the week ! I feel like my week doesn't really start till I get those hard days over . It's all good no matter what tho , I have < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
Tomorrow is Monday . I hate that day with a passion but I have a very sweet , talented , awesome daughter that I love more than anything ! I have a beautiful , wonderful , woman that ROCKS my world . I have a great understanding friend that is still here in my life . Hell I even have a great exwife ! F Monday I can deal with it ! 
I'm stranded ! 
First day of Spring is March 20th . Come on Spring ! I get my first bees in April . Better days ahead !! 
First time in a very , very long time that I'm looking forward to celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Celebrating early this weekend , 
Can't believe my daughter is in NYC right now ! She's playing in a orchestra at Carnegie Hall Saturday night ! Amazing ! Proud of you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm thinking I got it good ! I have a wonderful daughter and a super hot wonderful GF ! I'm happy ! 
I'm made for lovin weekends and this weekend is made for lovin ! 
I love being with my daughter ! She makes me laugh and feel so happy and so proud ! I love being with my GF < PROPFEMALE > ! She makes me feel content and gives me goosebumps and butterflies in my stomach ! 
YEA ! Got Monday over !!!!!!!! 
YEA ! Got Tuesday over !!!!!!!! I have to admit tho I work with some cool girls and that makes the day go by better ! Just miss my favorite girl ! You know who !!!! 
