Good grief ....... the life and times of Rileigh .... Hey I should write a book .............. 

almost ready to go on VACATION 
I dont feel very well and I think the world is going down the crapper . I love my friends and family and thats the shining point in the world 
AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
babies shouldnt bite !!!!!!! 
So ready to turn over a new leaf ......... so excited !!!!!! 
Thinkin about selling my son ........... just kidding ...... pretty sure thats illegal ..... sunburns .......... ouch 
feels like butt today ......... dizzy and have a headache ......... blah 
does NOT want to clean her house alone !!! :( 
anyone want to donate to the < PROPFEMALE > is financially screwed fund ? 
I think that things just might turn around for me ..... we will see . Thanks to those who wished me a Happy Birthday . You are what made it special . 
I just realized that my dad is an effing hypocrite . GAH !!!!! So sick of the drama 
Why do I try ? You know what ? FUCK IT 
I am ok now ..... had a long day yesterday . Most of it was good , but ooooooooooo AJ pissed me off .... trying to get over it . I am ok . No worries guys . Thanks . I love you 
dumb girls yup dumb girls 
had a stressful day , and its not over yet . Off to Great Falls tomorrow . 
Things are moving forward , spinning out of control . I have so much to do in the near future , but I am excited . I think everything just might be ok . A little faith goes a long way . Thank you to those who have been here to support me and lift me up when I n 
yay me 
thinks that some decisions should never have to be made . 
Ugh and oi vay 
Last night was AMAZING . There is alot that can be said for awesome company , good drinks , and crazy police men !!!! I live for nights like that . 
I like pie 
Chillen with the wife . Life is pretty good these day . MMMMMMM a fishbowl sounds good about now . 
I know what I want ..... now how to get it ......... hmmmmm 
Sometimes things just happen and we all have to learn from it . Sometimes things happen and you have to figure out how to fix it . 
Missing someone very much ....... can't wait to hear from her bestie ! 
I love my Aunt Theresa ....... she is such a goon ! 
I miss you when something really good happens , because you are the one I want to share it with . I miss you when something is troubling me , because you are the one who understands me so well . I miss you when I laugh and cry because i know that you are the one that makes my laughter grow and my tears disappear . I miss you all the time , but I miss you most when i lay awake at night . 
Never take anyone for granted . Hold every person close to your heart because you might wake up one day and realize you've lost a < PROPFEMALE > while you were too busy collecting stones . 
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me , or even smile , because I know even if just for a second , I crossed your mind 
It's amazing how one little conversation can change things forever . 
............. and when you looked into my eyes , for a moment I knew what it would be like to be yours . 
Dudes ! I got a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
mint ice cream+homework+new laptop = one happy mama !!!! GO ME !!!!! I need a kiss ! 
can't wait to go home and pack for Florida . Sooooo excited . 
and when she closes her eyes , what do you think she sees ? Do you know her as well as you think ? 
I am so excited about my Florida vacation . A little sad about leaving people here , but still excited . I will be connected while I am in Florida , so let me know if and when you are thinking of me . 
there is little , to nothing , that I wont do for someone I love . 
vacations are supposed to be relaxing ...... I guess I went with the wrong people ..... :( 
Today was a little better ..... I have learned to ignore ppl that irratate me . :) I met my cousin today . She is amazing and I cant wait to continue to get to know her . 
Going to Disney World tomorrow . I am excited . I just hope the kids have fun . 
If I didnt have so many wonderful people in Montana , I dont think I would ever go back . I love it here . Its so green and ALIVE . I dig it . 
I still miss home ...... and my peoples ....... but we are going to Animal Kingdom tomorrow . Magic Kingdom is the most amazing thing ever !!! 
Going to the beach tomorrow . That should be fun . Then shit tons of homework . GO ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Time in Florida is running out ..... as much as I miss some people , I dont want to go back to MT . Hey ! You people that I miss should come here . Daytona Beach is effing amazing !!!!!! 
My stepfather is dead . I don't know what to do .......... 
....................................................................... sigh 
Some people do things , and you never get the < PROPMALE > to ask them why . I just wish I understood . 
People shouldnt commit suicide . It's effing dumb . Ugh life sucks 
Clam chowder .................... who woulda thought it was a great comfort food ? 
I am in Drama Falls , dealing with ...... you guess it , drama . I can't believe my stepfather killed himself . 
When life hands you lemons , stockpile them to throw at stupid people . 
Well ........................ ummm ............ huh .......... 
Life goes on , with or without us . So time to pick myself up and get back to my life . 
We're goin out tonight .......... I'm feelin alright ...... 
Nothing like a great night with awesome people . :D 
Sometimes you think something is going to work out and it doesn't . When that happens to me , I just plan better for next time . If you want something bad enough , it will eventually come your way . I'm just waiting now ..... 
I love you . That's all . There is nothing else to say . Wanna fight about it ? 
I'm going to bed . The last 4 hours have sucked for the most part . Without you wifey , I would probably go nuts . I love you 
Every time I close my eyes , I thank the Lord that I found you .... 
If I had a dollar for everytime you cross my mind , I would be a millionaire in a day tops . 
is super relaxed today . Smiles arent hard to find . Thank God for great friends . 
Some things never change .... 
Everyone thinks so much about other people's lives because they cannot handle thinking about their own lives . I find that mildly amusing . I just wish my life would not be a focus for these ppl . Oh well , I have nothing to hide from you . 
I thought of you today , and it was the best decision I could have made . 
Last night was tons of fun . Here's to learning new things and getting a new perspective . 
I think that everything happens for a reason . I dont know what makes me think that when really messed up stuff happens , but I do . Oh by the way , I love you ................... NO < PROPFIRST > NOT YOU 
The best dreams are the ones you never have to wake up from . You are my grandest dream ........................................ NOT YOU < PROPFIRST > 
ARRRRRGGGGGHHHH . How am I supposed to do homework with no internet at home ? Go to Hastings you say ? Oh ok . Now how am I supposed to manage all that and two kids alone ? Oh yeah , I'm not . 
I need a vacation from my children and my husband ...... ugh 
I love the way that no matter how sad or down I feel , with a word from you , I can smile again ................................... still not you < PROPFIRST > 
So , if I give youmy heart , will it be your latest toy , or will you treasure it and keep it forever ? I want you to have it regardless , I just wanna know if it will hurt later . ;) 
Has discovered that < PROPFEMALE > Spears has a song for everything 
is super sick ATM . H1N1 sucks ...... I need someone to take care of me ..... Any takers ? 
Soooo sick of being sick . Getting better but not fast enough . Want it . Need it . Going bananas . 
I have some of the greatest friends in the world . I love you . 
So this one time ........... at ummmmmm ................. wait , I didnt go to band camp . I was in the orchestra . 
Ladies and Gentlemen ....... good night from your friendly neighborhood ...... ME 
My thoughts and prayers are with those ppl that are brave enough to do the things that others wont . 
I need something , and I think you have it ....... gimme !!!!! 
Guess what , times are changing and so am I . Time to grow up and get my head on straight . For now , you are kicked out of my head . 
damn people for not telling the real story 
If you wanna know ......... ask . 
Why do ppl judge others when they dont know what they are talking about . Hey ! I know , someone tell me a quarter of a story so I can make judgements on it .................... grrrrrr @ ignorance !!!!!!!!!!! 
I know I will be alright . I just need some time . Will you hold me up while I try to find my way ? 
I love my family and friends . They are my life's blood . Anything you ever need ..... just ask . And yes < PROPFIRST > that one applies to you too . LOL 
I need to sleep ..................... 
I am working on my homework , and thinking about all the things that have happened this year . I cant wait for this year to be over . 
I just got bitch-slapped by an effin peanut butter cup ! 
I cant seem to stop thinking long enough to get anything done ........ too many questions , not enough answers 
If you think running away will help me stop loving you , you are dead wrong . I love you today , tomorrow , now and forever . 
I miss you . I miss talking to you . I miss you . I miss my friend . 
Thinking about the irony in life . Good thing I know that everything happens for a reason !!!!!!!! 
I dont know what I am doing . I really feel like I am on a merry-go-round that just wont stop . 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges . 
When all else fails ....................... fake it ! :D 
is upset that SOME PPL dont answer their phones . Today sucks , and I dont see tomorrow as being much better . Bah humbug ish 
There is a light at the end of the tunnel , but the tunnel seems to keep extending itself 
I would sooooo run away with < PROPMALE > Black ................ oh yeah , gotta love me some werewolves . Vampires are great too . SIGH 
I love the Twilight Saga and EVERYTHING about it . Its a truly bright point in my life . 
I love it !!!! 
I think some crazy things are goin on in the world today ............. I must say , I love it . 
I hope my real friends know how much I love you . To my fake friends ................... how sad . 
I love Christmas music !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Goodnight world 
My New Year's resolution is to get my happy on ! I'm gonna let my colors burn this year . Everyone can get on board and support my happiness , or get out . Yup ! That's the plan . 
I LOVE ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY . I am so blessed . You all make this world a better place and I appreciate all of you . Thank you for bringing joy to my life . 
< PROPFEMALE > turns 1 on the 22nd . There will be a party at my house . Let me know if you can/want to attend . I will get you the specifics . 
What I want and what I need are often two very different things ........... so I have learned to juggle ... 
Wet and Hard 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
And the Saints win it !!!! I wanted the Colts to win , but I think NO needs the morale boost . Not my teams , so ................ it's all whatever . 
Trying to remember that everything happens for a reason . 
I am very tired today ............ I feel sick again ............ this is no fun . 
got glasses today .......... it's amazing that I can see now 
wishes that you could pick your own family . I cannot handle all this crap . Makes me want to move and leave no forwarding address . I moved 90 < PROPMALE > away ! You'd think that would keep me out of it !!!!!! Grrrrrrr ! 
the most beautiful thing in the world is a happy girl . 
have you ever wanted to kick yourself in the face ? 
Believe in yourself and all that you are . Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle . Be happy for this moment . This moment is your life . 
The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story . It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender ; because this kiss already has within it that surrender . ~ Emil Ludwig 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MY-SISTER-SAID-IF-I-GET-ONE-MILLION-FANS-SHE-WILL-NAME-HER-BABY-MEGATRON/333067975442?ref=nf 
Click \like\ " if i have ever made you smile in your life . ( wether good or bad ) Then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile ! :) " 
If u R BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovely . 6 : Helpful . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Kind . 10 : Naughty . 11 : Innocent . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : EMO . 17 : Cute . 18 : Over Smart 
TO DO LIST : Light some smelly candles , Fill the bathtub with bubbly water , and take her book into the tub and have some Mommy time . Yep , sounds good . 
Do I look like I want to clean up after EVERYONE ? If so , look again . Yeah , see that ? That's my pissed off face . 
My daughter loves < PROPFIRST > Bieber !!!!!!!!!! How cute . She watches his videos and claps and smiles . 
has an extra kid tonight . :D I am so excited . I love them so much !!!!! 
really hates it when she looks forward to something for like half a year and then finds out that it isnt gonna happen . Pretty lame dudes . 
so many people say that they love me , yet so few show it . I know whether or not you love me , dont say it if you dont mean it . 
thinks its soooooooo hard to be the only sane one in my family . I feel so helpless . 
is getting ready to go out with Miss < PROPFEMALE > for her birthday . I'm oober excited ......... I mean , seriously , it's about time . LOL 
all I can say is wow ........... drunk people . 
The Short Second Life of < PROPFEMALE > Tanner ............. WANT it NEED it . OMG OMG OMG 
hates april first 
tell me something I dont know 
YAY !!!!!!!! 11 i have the greatest friends in the world !!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Easter !!! Love you all ! 
has some truly amazing people in her life . I am so thankful for my friends and family . 
love your life . Its the only one you get . 
is sooooooo happy !!!!!!!! 
Chicken in a Biskit ..... makes me happy . Boxes should be bigger . 
I am going to regret this : I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HOURS . U can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) ... any question ... no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is , I WILL answer no matter what ... you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as ur status and see what questions you get asked !!... GO FOR IT ... 
wonders if anyone else has ever wished that someone had a facebook < PROPFEMALE > just so you could send them subliminal messages via status updates ....... 
I hate her , and I'm not so sure how I feel about you . 
This just in ..... APPARENTLY being drunk is an exceptable reason for some stupid bitches to turn my world upside down and destroy my life . I hate you . I sincerely hope < PROPFEMALE > shows you my pain someday . 
never thought I'd be too angry to be on facebook but I am . 
im going to bed before something else goes wrong 
is at the ER with her baby girl ...... please let her be ok .... 
please pray for my < PROPFEMALE > 
still no idea what's wrong with my little girl ...... all I can do is pray 
Verdict is in : < PROPFEMALE > has a severe UTI and that's what has had her sooooo sick . Antibiotics have been started , now we just wait . 
< PROPFEMALE > is out of the hospital as of yesterday 
feeling a little lost today . Don't know which way is up . That's ok , I'll just find down and go the other way . 
\To live will be an awfully big adventure . \"- Peter Pan : Hook . " 
is awake way before I want to be , and feel like crap . Thinking about all the good people in my life and wants to let everyone know that I am blessed to have you all and I love you very much . The great thing about having your life fall apart is that you really have to look at all the pieces to put it back together and I am amazed at what I am finding . 
Dear 7:30 am , I do not know what allure you hold for my daughter , but could you please try not to be so appealing to her ? I'm sure you are great and wonderful but my friend sleep is the jealous type and likes to hold me in it's arms till much later . Please resolve this issue in a timely matter . Thank you ! 
is feeling frustrated 
is going to school with her son today ! Hooray 
has seperation anxiety 
lmao . people can be soooo stupid . why do they want to cause arguments with other people for me ? I can do that all by myself , if I so choose , thank you very much . Awesome , folks , just awesome . 
I'm going out tonight , I'm feeling alright ....... lol TGIF 
phone is acting up . Keyboard on it is unresponsive . crap 
phone is broken ...... hopefully can get it fixed tomorrow 
' s hair is all one color for the first time in a very long time . It's kinda weird , and not gonna lie , kinda boring ...... highlights are being considered . 
Skype ........ like being there , only more depressing 
Ok ladies and gents ......... my blackberry is down till at least wednesday . I am sad , but I will survive . Facebook is the best way to reach me till then . 
GAH !!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate being by myself 
Today is shaping up to be one of those days ..... you know , the ones that make you wish violence upon people ...... God < PROPMALE > me strength for this one .... 
finally has her phone again !!!!! YAY me ! 
lonely . The new normal . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms in my life . I hope everyone , mom or otherwise , has an beautiful day !!!! Love you all 
broke my foot ! ouch 
HATES this . everything hurts and I'm useless 
really hates when ppl say one thing and do something else . I'm so hurt and angry 
this just in : I don't need surgery but I did get an awesome pink cast 
Hot pink cast + garbage bag and packing tape = nice hot shower :D 
is dreaming 
sick of being broken already !!!! 
I actually WANT to clean my house ........ GAH I hate this 
* sigh * yup , Captain Toolshed appeared in my house ...... 
today is off to a not-so-great start but I still have hope ! 
\I promise you won't ever see me cry . \ " ~ Shakira " 
thinks I am a figment of ppl's imagination , which explains why they ignore me . Awesome ..... 
still in bed . Having one of those days . Watching New < PROPFEMALE > and just relaxing . 
\Cause I'm a gypsy Are you coming with me ? I might steal your clothes And wear them if they fit me Never made agreements Just like a gypsy And I won't back down ' Cause life's already bit me And I won't cry I'm too young to die If you're gonna quit me ' Cause I'm a gypsy\ " ~ Shakira " 
\You are the thunder and I am the lightning ! \"" 
my foot is killing me !!!!!!! 
why do I even get out of bed 
what's on my mind ? She is . That's what , well that's who I guess but same difference , right ? 
checked my mail today ..... no card ( < PROPFEMALE > ) no recipes ( rileigh ) no nothing good ..... sad day 
Good night all .... back to bed I go ... 
I'm so BORED .......... someone entertain me 
one of these days , when you actually have time for me , I may just be too busy ! 
is so tired of this ! I want this cast off so I can have things done my way ! Its not like I planned this , I'm not taking advantage , and I sure as hell didn't do it on purpose ! WTF ! 
Thanks to the Soldiers , here and gone . I appreciate your service to our country . I appreciate you ! In loving memory of all the men and women who have kept us safe . 
cleaned the kitchen . Shouldn't have been on my feet . Now my cast feels super tight and my foot is throbbing ... Either way I go , I can't win ... 
is depressed because her life has become quite pathetic . The highlight of my day is seeing what other people have posted on facebook ........ someone save me !!!!! 
Boinga ! 
I am so irritated right now ... not only are my kids being obnoxious , but today already is shaping up to be crap ... God give me strength ... 
Right now a United States military member is missing their family while protecting YOURS . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are saving , givingAND losing lives . It's Military appreciation week .... Repost if you are Military , love a military member , or HAVE MEMORIES OF A FALLEN ... HERO ... or ............ just appreciate our Military 
Holy crap , it's a small world 
It's finally June . My vacation is next week . Yay ! ECLIPSE COMES OUT ON THE 30TH ! OMG I AM SOOOOO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss my best friend ........ Rileigh < PROPFEMALE > Montgomery , you better call me or come see me soon . I love you ! 
is thinking about you ! :) 
my kids are watching < PROPFEMALE > on Netflix . I'm putting on a < PROPFEMALE > marathon for them . Talk about self-sacrifice . I love my babies !!! 
what will you do when I finally decide I have had enough ? 
today marks 7 years that I have been with AJ and in September I will have been married for 5 years . Wow ! 
sitting pool-side with a cast on is not my idea of fun . Oh well . Being a klutz has its disadvantages . Loving my vacation though 
went to Old Faithful today . The kids had a blast . Tomorrow is the long day in the car , so hopefully the kids don't totally hate it . Good night friends 
< PROPMALE > valley today . I am stoked . Weather kinda blows though . :) 
Last full day of vacation ........ tomorrow we are driving home . It's bittersweet . 
Attention < PROPFEMALE > friends : Does anyone have a weed-eater that I can borrow like asap ? 
wow , I guess having a migraine and expecting quiet makes me an asshole . Go me ! FML !!!! 
Ok folks . Now the mower died . Have to get the yard done this weekend . Any help would be AWESOME . 
good times at black < PROPFIRST > 
CAST IS OFF !!!!!! 
No woman really wants the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars , she just wants to feel that she is worth the effort . 
is sick again . Can't breathe . Ugh ! 
I love when you say you love me , but I love it even more when you show it ! 
and then she was replaced . I guess it doesn't matter . It happens . 
is happy that today is over . Goodnight . 
wonders if he doesn't notice or if he just doesn't care . 
wants all of my friends to know that I love each one of you . You are each very special to me , a part of who I am , and without you all I would be one step closer to being lost . Thank you for being you ! <3 
Today sucks !!!! I should have stayed in bed . 
I wanna go out tomorrow night . Wonder if my foot will feel ok to do so ...... 
good night my wonderful friends and family . 
Happy Father's Day everyone !!! 
Ah ! but the daily chores of the domestic goddess call to me . I must heed their call . See you soon facebook . I shall miss thee ! 
needs to remember to breathe . Count to ten .... omg is it bedtime yet ? 
all I want is what I need 
POKE me if youever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a goodfriend . MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . COMMENTon this if we have had good memories ... Now let's see if anybody else is brave enough to copy and paste this to their status , and whos friends are brave enough to do what it says . 
Pink = i like you ; Purple = i would date you ; Blue = i did love you ; Red = i do love you ; Orange = i like talking to you ; White = i really care about you ; Silver = we tight ; Green = you're sexy ; Black = I hate you ; Grey = your pretty ; Set this as your status & see what colors you get back 
My children need to go to sleep before I lose my mind ! 
had an awesome night with Candee < PROPFEMALE > Edge . Hope to do it again soon . Thanks for hanging out with me and making my night . :D 
Hello my wonderful friends . Got somewhat destressified by going out last night . Now I'm bright-eyed and bushy tailed !!! Let's get this day started !!! 
thinks that I should get one day to stay in bed all day and relax with no worries ..... but alas , I have children . I love my babies ! 
beautiful day and we are stuck at home ..... sucktacular 
THAT'S IT !!! The kids and I are going to go find something to do . Peace out FB 
Yep . I can admit it . I love < PROPFIRST > Bieber's music . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
is soooo annoyed ! Nice weather for the last two days , and now that AJ is off , the damn rain is back .... I WANT TO GO TO THE LAKE ! 
I love a good storm . Makes me feel alive ! They also put me in the mood ...... grrrrr baby ! lol 
Can't wait for today to be over . 
Come on birthday party , JUST GET HERE ALREADY !!!! 
The only thing better than a kiss , is a kiss in the rain . 
I have learned that giving your keys to someone to hold is a bad idea !!!! CRAP !!!!! 
and I'm up ! 
is stressing big time !!!!! 
Really needs my keys !!!!! 
is about to have a nervous breakdown . Please God , just let her find my keys .... GAH !!!!! 
OH THANK GOD !!!!!!!! The keys have been located !!!! 
Happy Independence Day everyone ! To the soldiers who fight for us to remain free ; Thank you and I love you for what you do ! 
Great Falls , here we come ( when we leave ) LOL 
has never looked forward to her birthday this much ..... OMGOSH !!!! I can't wait ! 
Remembering how much fun I had in grade school , all the amazing people I knew , and wondering why we all lost touch .... 
\Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead \"" 
8 days till the celebration but 11 till my bday !!!! 
is in a bad mood for no good reason . Ugh . 
OMGOSH ! OMGOSH ! OMGOSH ! Can't wait for my birthday party !!!!!!!!!!! OMGOSH ! 
I miss my best friend . Some things just aren't the same without her . :( 
spuods ??. o ???? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
The next time I see my sister , I just might kick her in the head . 
Determined to bring back these phrases : ayecarumba , kappeish ?, get jiggy wit it , go go gadget arms , shazzbot , get off my case toilet face !, wubba wubba & Yoink ! 
made a fire in our fire pit and roasted hot dogs and marshmallows . Had a good night ! :) 
If a dream is a wish your heart makes ..... my heart has some twisted desires sometimes ! 
2 days !!!!! 
wishes she could disappear .... and no I don't want to talk about it . 
Lions and tigers and bitches OH MY !!! lol 
Tonight is the night ladies and gents ! It's gonna kick ass ! 
says that all she wants for her birthday is < PROPFIRST > Lautner . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Love you all . 
Dear God , \ 
Thank you in advance for the good things that are on our not so distant horizon . I think these things could be sooo good for us if it all pans out . I know you have a plan and I have faith in that plan . My life and heart are in your hands . Amen . 
A U.S. Military member is somewhere in the world missing their family while you're at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , Military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military appreciation week . Re-post this if you are in the Military , love a Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero ... 
if today continues the way it started ....... I QUIT ! 
My new favorite song is You Belong With Me by < PROPFIRST > Swift , as < PROPFIRST > by my niece Kenni ! 
:) 
long but exciting weekend . Could totally do without this stupid sunburn . Ugh . 
will see you in her dreams . I hope they are good ones or the shit is gonna hit the fan when I wake up . LOL ! Night all ! Love you all ! 
and still ......... even though you never call , or call me back ..... I miss you . 
what a way to start my day ! GRRRRR 
Every girl wants a love that shines so bright , it makes the stars jealous . 
thinks that all you really needed to say was I don't care 
and all she knows is that she misses you a little more every day . 
is soooooo happy for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
is only gonna break your heart ! 
God is Great , Beer is good and People are Crazy !!! 
Gonna go dance my ass off at Eagles 4040 tonight . Ya'll should join me . 
just because you say you are sorry , that doesn't mean I have to forgive you . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > . Please leave < PROPFEMALE > for my Sammi . If not , I fear she may go on a murderous rampage . You know Sammi is hotter anyway . Thanks . 
I'm a very simple girl . I enjoy long walks in the moonlight . Long talks in the twilight . Long kisses in the daylight ... And poking dead things with a stick . 
needs motivation !!!! 
is running out of time and < PROPFEMALE > ! freaking out !! 
Tonight is going to be ridiculously AWESOME !!!!!!! 
OMFG !!!! TONIGHT IS GOING TO BE THE BEST EVER !!!!!!!! I get to see my bestie !!! 
Last night was amazing !!! Great friends , great music , and a million laughs . These are the moments !!! :D 
just needs to be held sometimes . Even the strongest structure needs support . 
Wish me luck folks !!!!!!! 
is super bummed out . Oh well . It's all part of the plan ............... more or less 
desperately needs caffine !!!!! 
Dear Edward , \ 
I see you have completely disregarded my last request and I must say that I am offended . This is your second notice . < PROPFEMALE > is a tramp and my Sammi is a good/crazy girl . I hope I do not have to ask again . Sammi is waiting . Thanks ! :) 
is wondering about some things and some people ......... time will tell I suppose . 
holy buckets ! Dragon Age is addicting . 
way past sleepy time . goodnight all , love you tons ! 
wants to go do something !!!!!! 
I have decided that the song In My Head by < PROPFIRST > Derulo is my favorite song at the moment . 
had an awesome day in Bozeman , but I missed my babies . Glad to be home again . 
is going to bed . A crappy ending to one of the best days ever . FML . oh well tomorrow is another day . 
Last night ........... wow .............. :D 
If I was gonna be in GF tonight .... I'd go see the male strippers . I could do with another lapdance or two ..... LOL , but seriously OMFGosh ! 
ok so , the kids are on medicaid because I cannot afford to pay for their medical care right now . Their doctors office just told me that I have to pay $68 to have them seen or they won't see them . WTF !!! HELLO !!!! 
is officially requesting a d o-o ver ! 
REALLY HATES STUPID PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love the way you lie ............. 
soft-core porn sucks ! 
wants to go do something ....... just don't know what yet ! 
Don't be a goofus ! 
You're killin me Smalls ! 
ssdd 
So , it's official . < PROPFEMALE > is a big girl . Stayed the night with her brother at Gma's house . I think I was more of a wreck then she was . She didn't even cry ....... sniff sniff . Can't believe how big my babies are .............. 
Ok ! Now I'm off to shower and get dressed . Gotta get out of the house .......... too damn quiet ! 
17 days ....... I cannot wait !!!!!! 
If you're a jackass and you know it raise your hand ............. 
OMG .............. ARRRRGGGGGG 
<~~ sucks at life . 
So my daughter sits down , turns to us and says , \I shit . \"" 
Never forget ....... 
for ........ ev ..... er ............. for .......... ev ............ er ..... lmao I love this movie 
I remember .......... and I want to send a HUGE thank you out to all the men and women who serve , fight , risk their lives , and even DIE to keep us all safe . There are no words to express my gratitude . THANK YOU MEN AND WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY !!!! 
A challenge for my facebook friends ..... Go through your friends list and THANK each and every soldier that you have on your list . Their willing sacrifice protects us , our loved ones , and our way of life . Show some love for the ppl willing to die for us . 
So call him closer , be a doll\ 
He gives you just a taste but you want it all\ 
But if you stumble before you fall\ 
Take a little taste or you’ll lose it all 
is headed to Great Falls today !!!! 
4 days till I board the plane ! 
I like it on the dryer . 
So here I am , three days away from vacation with tons to do , and my son got me sick . Yippee ! 
My son got me sick ..... ugh 
Banana ? Everybody knows ducks eat spaghetti ! 
Come on Thursday , I really need a vacation right about now 
Come on SAINTS !!! Beat those WHINERS ! 
Whatever AJ says I said during this game is a LIE !!!!! 
ok 9ers don't fuck it up !!!!! 
feel like ass , so I'm going to bed . night all 
Does anyone watch the TV show , The Gates ? 
Well , I ( hopefully ) board the plane tomorrow to start my 2 week vacation . I cannot wait to get to Florida . Bring on the sunshine ! 
WAM ! BAM ! Thank you ma'm! 
I am praying fervently that the flight to Florida goes better than the flight to < PROPMALE > did . God give me strength to deal with my children .... <3 
I freakin LOVE Florida !!!!! 
it sucks when you're depressed on vacation . 
relaxing on the patio , warming up because its cold INSIDE . Oh Florida , how I love things backwards 
Daytona Beach baby !!!! now I get sun , sand , and surf !!! :D 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > Garden ..... how I adore you !!!!!! 
' s vacation will be over soon ......... it's bittersweet .......... 
my stomach hates me ..... ugh .... I think I'd have to feel better just to die ..... :( 
and the journey home begins ......... 
is back in Montana ladies and gentlemen !!!!! 
is going out tonight . Anyone that wants to see me should too . 
Watching Weeds on Netflix ........ good day 
Had a partial root canal today ........ pain meds are kicking in ...... good night world ....... 
Friday night ..... here I come !!!!!! 
? It's couples week ! Copy and paste this as your status with the date you got together : started dating June 7 , 2003 married September 3 , 2005 <3 
What a fabulous start to my day !!!! Grrrr ! I get head butted in the nose so hard it bleeds , then my darling daughter decides that I need chewed up hotdog in my hand ! GROSS !!!! 
thinks she needs to get some boxing gloves for her children ! The way they fight is ridiculous ! Wonder what it will be like when they are older .....? God help me !!!!!! 
thinks that tonight I will close my eyes and make a wish as I drift off to sleep , and see what tomorrow will bring . I love my family and friends !!!!! 
is highly annoyed !!! < PROPFEMALE > went to bed on time but < PROPFIRST > woke her up to \show her where his water bottle was\ " !!! Why on earth she needed to know that is beyond me . " 
i have pie ......... 
\Oh so you're stalking me now ? \ " \ " No I'm just running into you in a premeditated manner . \ " LMAO " 
THATS IT !!!!!! I hereby request a d o-o ver for today !!! Kids are cranky , I have gotten hit in the nose 3 times , and I slept like crap !! I QUIT !! 
Paranormal State marathon YAY ! 
I usually don't do this , but here goes ! LOLEveryone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ...... will be withou ... t money . I cannot let that person be me .......... copy within 11 minutes . 
It's a good day to be a Raiders fan !!!!!!!!! 
Being a Christian is like being a pumpkin . God picks you from the patch and washes all the dirt off of you . He cuts off the top and scoops out all the yucky stuff . He removes the seeds of doubt , hate and greed . He carves you a new smiling face and puts His light inside of you to shine , for all the world to see . This was passed to me by another pumpkin . Now it's your turn to pass on to the pumpkins in your patch !!! 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for DCF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Cowboys fans wont repost this ... because they dont know how to copy and paste . 
just watched The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . I forgot how delightfully twisted that movie is .... lol 
So < PROPFIRST > is sick ..... high fever and as of today , pink eye . Yay me ....... NOT !!! FML . 
oh Monday ......... how I loathe you !!!!!!!!!! 
WTFT !!!!!! 
Ifyou \like\ " my status I will tell you : 1 : Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 . ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) My favorite thing about you 6 . ) Give you a weird nickname 7 ) Ask something ......... I've ... always wondered about you 8 . ) Challenge you to post this . ( I was challenged ! ) " 
Want to see something interesting ? Well , it isn't this status . However , the person in the picture next to this status is interesting , sexy , and awesome . 
so what if I watched < PROPFEMALE > Montana and cried like a baby ? what's it to ya ? lol 
If you could read what's in my heart , you'd be in tears . 
don't you see , it fills the void inside of me . keeps me too busy to feel the pain , helps me not to relive it again . 
Since everyone else is doing it ... LOL .... Ask me any question to my inbox and I will answer it in my status . Let's see what happens ............ 
Q : When you gonna come visit your fav cousin ( aka meeeeeee) ? \ 
A : When I can afford to . 
needs prayer right now . have a job interview tonight . I need this job !!! Please send some positive thought my way !!!!! 
Well folks , I made it through the first interview . Got a call for a second interview . Things are looking good ! Thanks to all for the prayers , positive thoughts , and well wishes . Please keep them coming for just a little longer ! I love you all to bits !!!!!! 
as long as my background check clears , I GOT IT !!!!!! 
sigh . 
sick of it ....... 
CATS WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
beer 
House is almost in order for tomorrow ....... little bit more to do in the morning , then cooking all day . Wish me luck folks 
had a great day of thanks . Lots of food ( which I made ) lots of laughs , and tons of love all around . Thanks to everyone that wished me a happy Thanksgiving , I love you all but I was antiphone today . Today was great !!!!!! 
feels bad and a bit caught in the middle , but if you're gonna say things about my best friends , SAY IT TO THEM , they deserve to know how you feel . Hope I didn't burn any bridges , but I have to do what I think is right . 
I GOT THE JOB 
is tired of doing things for people and not having it reciprocated . Today is not a good day !!!!! 
since I am having a horrible day , I am going to immerse myself in my happy place ...... twilight saga , we meet again . 
shoulda , coulda , woulda , but like an idiot , didn't!! 
It was a recipe for disasterA four course meal of no sorryIt seemed that happily ever afterWas happy everyone was after meIt was a cup of good intentionsA table spoon of one big messA dash of overreactionI assume you know the rest(Chorus)One little slip , one little slipIt was a fusion of confusionWith a few confounding thingsI guess I probably took the wrong directionWell I admit I might have missed a sign or two 
has orientation today !!!!!! I'm excited !!! 
won't be going out for a while ......... I now work weekends . 
must ......... stay .......... awake .......... cannot ............ sleep ............... yet !!!!!! oh lord , I'm exhausted !! 
LOVE is the reason for the season !!!!! This is the perfect time to tell and to show all your loved ones how much they mean to you . I love my friends and family more than they will ever know !!!! I'm so thankful to have you all in my life ! 
B-O-R-E-D !!!!!!! That's me !!!!!!!!!!! Preparing myself to work overnights , and let me tell you its tough !!! would be easier if I had something to do !!!!! yup yup yup ! 
I've almost made it through the night !! just have to get my boy off to school , then I can pass out !!!!! I'm sooooo effin tired !!! 
I did it folks !!!!!! good night now ! 
so much for sleep !!!!!! GRRRRR 
had a great day and night with her family ! 
is loving work and her friends at work . Its good to feel productive and to be making $$$ !!!!! :D I'm pretty blessed !!!! 
ok , I'll do it !!!!! send me a numbeR to my inbox and I'll post what I think of you . 
#58 - we have had some really good times . Lots of long talks and tons of laughs . I feel blessed to count you as a friend because you are a truly amazing person . Never change !!! Love your face ! 
#928 - well , what can I say ? You are crazy fun and have always been good to me . I'm glad to know you and hope we stay friends no matter where life takes us . :) 
#72 - You are a wonderful person and a fantastic friend . Sometimes you fail to see the light you shine for others , but I see it . I'm glad you are my friend . Specially since I'm now sure that you don't want to steal AJ from me LOL 
#333 - you used to irritate the ever living hell out of me . Now not so much , but then again I never see you . Still , you have a great sense of humor . 
#2727 - You have so much charisma . You are gorgeous and an awesome friend !!!! haha we even have the same taste in exes LMAO . I love your face and a half !!!!!!!! 
#7 - We have known each other for a long time now and have been close over the years . You haven't always been the greatest friend but life is too short to hold a grudge . Now I count you as family . just wish you had more time for me . 
#420 - You are probably the most irritating person I have ever met in my life , however I know that generally your heart is in the right place . You have listened to my problems at times when my \friends\ " were too busy . I guess I'll keep ya around ...... as long as you can handle being told off . mmmmmkay ? " 
#5768 - When I first met you , I thought you were a total crab ass . Over time as I got to know you better , you definitely grew on me . Then your son came to visit and he was sooooo cute !!!!!! LOL but seriously , I consider you family and I'm blessed to have you in my life . Love you !!!! 
#1983 - you are < PROPFEMALE > funny ! I have known you forever it seems . You were one of the first people to trust me with driving their car . And , if memory serves , you still owe me a car since you got rid of mine LOL 
#3 . 14- First of all I have to say , pie ...... really ? LMAO . I think you are truly amazing . Its hard to believe that lasting relationships can develop from a < PROPMALE > meeting in a store . Hope that over time we will stay friends and learn more about each other . :) 
#686 - you are always full of joy for life . We have had some good times for sure . glad to know you lady ! 
#4 I've said it once and I'll say it again . You are the nicest bitch anyone will ever meet . I love your pretty face !!!! Glad to say you are one of my faves !! 
#151 - You were my very first best friend and even though we don't see each other often , you are one of the most kick ass women I know . I love you always !!!!! 
#12 - You are beautiful and amazing . You always have my back and never doubt that I love ya , even if we don't talk often . 
2010 is almost over . Confess ( Inbox ONLY ) something you've always wanted\ 
to tell me . DONT BE AFRAID ! Put this as your status and see what you get 
#6942 - No matter what I need or what's going on , you are always there . You are the closest thing to an older sister that I have . I love you 
#1483 - You are a total sweetie pie !!!!!! My son wants you to be his gf LOL !!!! I love your freakin face 
#1985 - you and I go way back . we have had ups , downs , and in-betweens but you will always hold a special place in my heart . love ya girlie 
#42 - what can I say ? I couldn't stand you when I met you , even though you are super hot ..... But after a while , you really grew on me , and now I'm glad to know you . You have an amazing sense of humor and really know how to make people feel special . Thanks for being my friend . 
#73185 - You are amazing ! You have great taste in football teams . You have always been there for me when I needed a friend . We lost touch for a while and I'm thankful to have you in my life again . Oh , and you are oh so handsome ...... just sayin !!!! :) 
#0110 - I love your face . I don't know you super well , but you are such a great person . And your son is adorable . 
#44 - You ....... you are one of the most amazing people I have ever had to fortune to meet . You hold a very special place in my heart , and there are no words to describe how much you mean to me . Love you always . 
#472 - you are the worst bodyguard ever !!!! But I am still gonna keep you around . You are freakin awesome . 
#27 - You are completely crazy , but you are soooo much fun . I love you a ton and I'm glad to count you as a friend . I'll always be there for you , no matter what . 
#951 - I don't know you very well , but you seem pretty cool . You are pretty argumentative which is aggravating . All in all though , you aren't half bad . Oh and I forgot that you are full of yourself 
#4488 - I have known you since middle school . We have definitely had our issues , but we have always worked it out . I still say you look like that little girl from the movie Andre ...... lol 
#3789 - YOU are tied in first for the most frustrating person I know !!!! I have known you your whole life and loved you every single day of it . I will always be here for you . 
#99888 - You have always been a total sweetheart to me . I have known you since middle school and can't remember ever having a problem with you . You basically rock !!!! :) 
#666 - what an appropriate number ! You are basically the devil !!! lol Just kidding !!!! Seriously though , you and I have come a long way together , growing and maturing . You make me angrier than anyone else has the power to , but you also make me happier than anyone else either . I love you . 
#21 - You are fantastic ! There are days that I can't stand you but most days I love your face . You better call me while you are home !!! 
#406 - I have been through more with you then I have anyone else . You are the sister of my heart . I love you and no matter how close or far apart we are , I will always have your back . 
Last night was EPIC !!!!!!! 
Rock my world baby , but you can't bring me down !!! 
Is quite irritated . FINALLY getting to go to bed ......... good day fb 
Good night fb ....... time to catch some ZZZzzzzzzz's I hope !!!! 
Thinks its amusing when people say one thing and do the opposite . I know I'm not perfect , but ...... really !!!!!! 
Almost there ....... 
Tonight is going to be amazing !!!!! 
Rialto baby !!!!!!!!! 
Last night was a blast !!!! After the night I had , how am I even awake right now . 
Goodnight world ..... 
Is pissed off . Seriously !!!! Gah !!!! My 4 year old seems to think he's all grown up and can do what he wants !!! HE'S 4 DAMMIT !!!! 
2 things ..... First , sorry if my phone has pocket dialed you in the middle of the night recently ..... stupid thing ...... Second ....... Why can't people just be NICE ?????? 
Flip a coin ......... heads you win , tails I lose ........ 
Thinks that her life is pretty grand right now . I've got some pretty amazing friends , a beautiful family , and a kick ass job . Blessed ...... yes , yes I am . :D 
It takes quite a lot to leave me speechless ...... Wow 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Such a good day . I freakin love these girls . :) <3 
Went sledding today ....... good fun ! But it was cold . Love my < PROPFIRST > for suggesting we go . 
How can you get what you want , if you don't even know what that is ? 
<3 <3 
And I burn with hatred for the one who hurts the ones I love !!!!! 
Is gonna live everyday like its her last . 
Another night in paradise ! Walmart is good fun late at night ! :) 
FML 
Its infuriating to have been up all night with a sick baby , and then have to argue with your spouse in the morning . GrrrR . 
Is stressed out . Need to take some me time 
I think I'm in love with < PROPFIRST > Cera 
I've got a pocket , got a pocket full of sunshine ! 
Need ........ some ............................................................................ energy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love you ......... I have loved you all along ... 
Is happy . Things aren't perfect , but when are they ever . I adore my friends , my job , and basically life in general . Kinda like livin a dream , except when I drop a box of cans on my finger ....... that hurts . LOL 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment you must copy and paste as your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along 
Ok ....... Alyssa bday is the 22nd ...... gonna have a party . Let me know if you ARE coming and I'll let you know details 
Worked all night last night , stayed up till now , but now I'm going to bed ....... good night all 
Is awake now ...... I feel pretty rested lol !!!!! Now for something to do ....... 
Take time to notice the little things ...... The way the snow sparkles in the light , the way being around someone makes you feel a little happier than you were before , and appreciate each day ........ tomorrow is a gift , not a guarantee . 
Oh late nights alone on my couch , why must you inspire me to think !!!!! 
Back to sleep I go ...... love it when AJ is off and I can sleep !!! Back to dreamland , where its my way , ALL DAY !!!!!! 
Forgot how much I love the Coyote Ugly soundtrack !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party is at 4 on the 22nd at Pizza hut on N . Montana . Let me know if you are coming . 
So many thoughts ....... very few answers . Oh yeah , this is the time of my life ! 
Hope , dangles on a string ... like slow spinning redemption .... 
A dream is a wish your heart makes ...... when you're fast asleep ! 
Who would have thought that I could love working at Walmart so much ....... its definitely the ppl . 
Grrrrrr .......... yep , that just about covers it . 
Woke up sick today ..... ugh ...... at least it held off till my weekend , but I can't afford to be sick !!! My daughter's birthday is Saturday !!! Geez !!! 
hates being sick !!!!!! 
Final reminder , < PROPFEMALE>'s party is at 4 pm at Pizza Hut on N Montana 
God , please give me strength ....... today is trying every last vestige of < PROPFEMALE > I possess !!! 
Has a plethora of things to accomplish and no motivation to do so .... 
A huge gust of wind almost LITERALLY blew me off my front porch . 
Cannot believe her baby girl is 2 today ...... time flies 
Watchin Beauty and the Beast with my kiddos . Prayin for a nap before work 
Is feeling grateful . A bit anxious , and somewhat frustrated , but grateful . 
First person to like my status i will change my last name to yours for a week . second person to like my status i will write i love you on your wall for three days . third person to like my status i will answer any question ( private msg only ) . forth person to like my status can choose my profile picture . 
In the midnight hour , I can feel your power ...... 
Hates when none of her friends are at work ...... super lonely and bored ... :( 
Just like a prayer , I'll take you there !!!! 
Its gonna be a FANTASTIC day !!!!! 
HYPER !!!!!! 
31 hours ago I woke up from a nap that only lasted about 2- 2.5 hours ....... I'm wiped . Goodnight world . 
31 hours ago I woke up from a nap that only lasted about 2- 2.5 hours ... I'm wiped . Goodnight world . 
My darling son just informed me that he wants to see Back to the Future !!! Yay !!!! 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? ?.......... 
By not speaking my mind , I can try to ignore what I'm feeling . Once the words are said , I can't take them back . 
Oh !! I see .... apparently one should be grateful , after being basically ignored , to be getting attention now . Hmmmm , not feelin it ..... 
If you`re not scared , Put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = Crazy . ( 2) = I`d marry you . ( 3) = Attractive . ( 4) = Sarcastic . ( 5) = I miss you . ( 6) = I`d kiss you . ( 7) = Moody . ( 8) = Smart . ( 9) = Imaginative . ( 10) = Random . ( 11) = Hot . ( 12) = Funny . ( 13) = Fit . ( 14) = Amazing . ( 15) = Tough . ( 16) = Cute . ( 17) = I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18) = I love you . ( 19) = weirdo 
Candle-lit bubble baths are balm for the soul 
I just woke up and realized that I suck . I slept through something I'd been waiting all day for . Can we say LAME ??? 
Fantastic 
I wanna be the light in your eyes and the reason that you smile . 
Just had a dream that I got seriously injured at work ....... god , I hope not !!!! SCARY !!!!!! 
A dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast asleep ...... 
Omg !!! Set It On Fire by My Darkest Days is the coolest song I've heard today !!!! Thank you Pandora . How I love you !! <3 
has a lot of things to ponder . Thank god for Pandora and exhaustion . 
Oh and vampires are GREAT !!!! I need one of my own ........ 
Ashes , ashes , its been burnt to the ground ........ 
Heaven Sent by Hinder is a bad ass song !!!! I really love Hinder !!!!! 
Don't wake me , cuz I don't wanna leave this dream ! 
Wow ........ my mood sucks . 
Feelin much better ! My friends are the best ever !!!!!!! 
Things ......... they are a-changin . Gonna revamp my style ...... stay tuned . 
Is lost 
To be me is a great thing ! 
Ah ! I love the idea of sleep in the morning ! Lol 
How do you fix something that's been broken for a long time , when you can't remember where the pieces go , and there are no instructions ? 
Work again tonight . Should be fun ....... if its not , I'll make it fun !!! I'm awesome like that ...... no need to thank me ! 
Lunch hours spent alone are LAME !!!!! At least I'm having hot food . 
I'm 1st place in awesomeness ! 
Good day fb world . 
Is ........... 
is tired and feels like shit . Ugh . Stupid exhaustion . 
So many things going on in my head ...... Why can't people mind their own business ? I have a great idea ...... let's make life more difficult than necessary with lies ! Go us !...... lame . 
Just for fun ............. \ 
COPY this into your STATUS and see what colors you get IN BOXED :\ 
Gold : Be My < PROPFIRST > This Year ? \ 
Silver : I Used To Like You . \ 
Red : I Miss You . \ 
Orange : Will You Be Mine ? \ 
......... Yellow : I Think Your Cute . \ 
Blue : I Love You . \ 
Purple : I Wanna Chill . \ 
Pink : I Like you\ 
Black : I Wanna kiss you ! 
What is wrong with people today ? 
Is wiped out . Is it friday yet ?????? 
Lol people are funny 
Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is an ooober hottie !!!! 
Pac man is BOMB 
Got my ticket to the < PROPFEMALE > concert !!!!! So excited !!!!! 
I'm a pretty big deal ........ LOL !!! Something like that anyways ....... hahahhahahahaha 
Wow ....... what a day ! I'm exhausted already and I haven't even gone to work yet !!! 
Sometimes you just know ....... other times you need a swift kick in the ass ...... this is one of the latter times ...... 
Dear Pandora , \ 
I adore you ! How would I ever accomplish anything without you ? So in love with you . That is all . \ 
Love always , \ 
Me 
< PROPFEMALE > is singing Rhianna's part of \Love the Way You Lie\ " . Lol she's so cute " 
I MUST . STAY . AWAKE !!!!!!! 
Happy birthday to my dear friends born on this day ..... I love you 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right , the other half won't post anything , like they never do because they are lurkers 
Banana 
That 70's Show marathon on Netflix today .......................... YES I think so ! 
Ah ! The rumor mill ........ gotta love it . 
Has come to a conclusion . Everything is not what it seems , and people simply suck . Hahaha love me or hate me , because frankly my dear , I don't give a damn . 
My daughter has informed me that she is < PROPFEMALE > Mouse . 
ALWAYS BE HAPPY ?? ~ You Never Know Who Is Falling In Love With Your Smile !!!! ??? \ 
\ 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well , its official . I am sicker than I've been in a long time . Gonna drown myself in cold medicine . 
thinks people should look at their own lives before they start to judge other peoples , is yours really that perfect ?! 
Io ti amo . Mentre io non sempre lo spettacolo , io lo sento sempre 
Alcune persone hanno a causare problemi agli altri per sentirsi meglio . Salva la tua rabbia , e pietà . 
Ecco < PROPFEMALE > cose meglio non dire . 
Ugh ! I HATE being sick !!! Let's fast forward to the part where I feel better mmmmmkay ? 
Women are Angels ... And when someone breaks our wings ... We simply continue to fly .... on a broomstick ... We are flexible like that .. 
Another day passes , the same as the last . 
Needs prayer for her uncle right now ! He's in the hospital and in a lot of pain . Thanks a ton . 
LOVE it !!! 
Is feeling ......... A lot . Lol . Life is like letting my sisters drive my car with no oh shit handles ....... lmao 
Weirdest dream EVER !! Walmart , speed boats , zombies , a zombie slayer and a werewolf ....... wtft ? 
My power lies in knowing my own worth . 
Sibling War ! post this if you are the coolest and most awesome of your siblings if this stands for an hour with out said siblings protesting it is true ! 
Vivi ogni giorno come se fosse l'ultimo 
Happy Birthday to my little sisters today ! 
Had a good night at work ..... I truly adore my friends , without whom I don't know if I could handle working nights . I am a lucky girl . So much else to say , but I'm not gonna ... lol 
Infatuation Is when you think he's as sexy as < PROPFIRST > depp , as funny as will ferrel , as serious as keanu reeves , and as talented as < PROPMALE > carrey .... love Is when you realize he's as sexy as will ferrel , as funny as keanu reeves , as serious as < PROPMALE > carrey and nothing like < PROPFIRST > depp but will take him anyway 
Walked in the door of my house from work and my son peeks his head out of my bedroom . Holy buckets ! Scared the crap outta me . 
Hello fellow facebookers . I think today is gonna be a good day ! 
So excited for the concert tonight !!!!! Omg can't wait !!! 
Got Smooth from Cali Swag Districts autogragh 
Had a blast and a half at the concert and the after party ! Thanks to my friends who shared it with me . I love you guys ! 
Put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = Crazy . ( 2) = I`d marry you . ( 3) = Attractive . ( 4) = Sarcastic . ( 5) = I miss you . ( 6) = I`d kiss you . ( 7) = Moody . ( 8) = Smart . ( 9) = Imaginative . ( 10) = Random . ( 11) = Hot . ( 12) = Funny . ( 13) = Fit . ( 14) = Amazing . ( 15) = Tough . ( 16) = Cute . ( 17) = I'd hit you with a bus 
Is there anything sexier in this world than Keifer Sutherland with fangs ? I think not ! 
Feels horrible ...... think I'd have to feel better to die . Thank goodness for my patient hubby who is taking care of my whiny sick self . 
The one you just called fat ? She's been starving herself & lost over 30lbs . The one you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability , studies over 4 hours a night . The one you called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on , hoping people will like her . The one you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you're against bullying . 
Less than 4 hrs of sleep when you're sick ....... no bueno . Ah well ... such is life 
Didn't make it through work last night . 3 hours in and I was done . Stupid chest pain . :( on the bright side , I got some sleep so maybe I can get some things accomplished today . 
Dear Government , if you feel the need to stop paying our military personnel , then I think you should feel the need to stop paying yourselves . I'd like to see you support your family without a pay check ! By the way , maybe if you take your pay check down to less than $100K it would help some of the budget issues in < PROPFEMALE > . I'd like to see you survive on enlisted military personnel pay ! REPOST if you agree 
Yay !!!! New CD player !! 
Its a My Chemical Romance kinda day ...... :) 
Errands almost done ....... for now , then more packing ...... oh joy 
Is at < PROPFEMALE > Garden in Salt Lake City 
Arizona and < PROPFEMALE > are pretty places . :) 
I CAN SEE IT !!!! Hello Sin City ! Lol 
Is head over heels in love with Vegas !!!! 
Got my nails done and my first pedicure ...... Feels awesome 
GrrrrR 
GNO in VEGAS !!!!!!! 
Thinks that I should stay in Vegas indefinitely . Love this city !!!! 
AJ is taking me to Bite tonight !!!!! SO FREAKING EXCITED !!!!! 
SO EXCITED !!!!!! BITE TONIGHT !!!!! Very very soon !!!! 
Oh . My . God !!!! Bite was the most awesome thing EVER !!!!! 
Wearing fangs in a Las Vegas bar ......... FUN ! 
Sad day ....... I'm leaving Las Vegas . :( 
Is somewhere in Utah ....... Are we there yet ? 
Made it to < PROPFEMALE > 
Going to Lockey park ........ anyone else down ? 
Single or not , put this as your status and see what color people send you in a MESSAGE\ 
Black- I want a relationship . \ 
Green- I'm falling for you . \ 
Purple- I miss you . \ 
Orange- I really like you . \ 
... Pink- I love you 
Long night ...... lots of time to think .... ouch ..... now what ? Sleep I guess 
My wake up call tonight ? Oh ! Fighting on the phone . Gee ... what a lucky woman I am ..... FML 
I did the Macarena with a smurf sliding down a hill because Big Bird is my leader and he told me to 
While you scream at ur women , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While u humiliate , offend and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is , while u hurt her there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . When u make her cry , theres a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence and mental abuse ... Even if posted before . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Boule due July 24 , 2006 born August 5 2006 . 8lbs 5.4 oz < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boule due January 19 , 2009 born January 22 , 2009 . 8lbs 5.3 oz . * repost if you love being a mommy * 
Is exhausted . Luckily I get to go back to sleep in a hour , thanks to my husband ! :) 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A MILITARY PERSON only has one , to come home safely . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please repost in their honour . God Bless Our soldiers , sailors and airmen ... past , present , & future . To those still serving overseas ... Come home safely 
