Happy New Year everyone ! 

Hello everyone in facebook HAPPY HAPPY < PROPFIRST > DAYYYYYY !!! I , m spending the day with my best < PROPFIRST > The Lord Jesus Christ . He will forever love me and never hurt me . If anyone wants to know more about Gods Love just ask I , ll be glad to tell you about this wonderfull love . 
Sunday is the Lords day on this day we have joy in knowing God/Jesus Christ rules over death . I want to say \Thank you Lord for loving me and allowing ( wanting ) me to love you . \ " I can always count on Gods love to get me through everything . I go to Immanuel Baptist Church on 103 < PROPMALE > rd if you dont have a church of your own then please come to Immanuel . Serve God this day by praising Him . " 
hello all im fighting killer a sour throught from hell . ill be back to normal soon i hope . 
hey there bryan , see you and work with you tomaro . bye bye 
What a wonderful mothers day . I praise God for my 2 girls and all of you who call me mom . love to you all . A happy moms day to all moms . Praise God for your mom today , the holy bible says you are a blessing to her . God gave you the mom you needed to be the person you are today.so tell her and God thank you . make it a Godly day . bye bye 
I had a wonderfull day . went to church Immanuel Baptist , Pastor Poe is preaching on the Lords prayer todays was on Gods forgiveness how he forgives all , He forgives repeatedly , He forgives now . and the best of all when God forgives He forgets the sin . WOW we have a great God . after we went to Fishtails , ate some good food with a great waitress(Theresa ) . went to the beach with a friend had a great day . Thank You Jesus 
hELLO aLL i'M WOKING THIS WEEKEND . AM GLAD I HAVE A NICE JOB(pRAISE THE lORD ) . BUT i DO WORK HARD . nEXT WEEKEND i WILL BE IN hOUSTON . aLL HAVE a FUN WEEKEND . 
Did not see my caps lock was on . oh well 
Hey if you can check out my \happy islands\ " i have 4 . its fun to play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
Hello FB Im on my way to see my Immanuel Baptist Church Family . I love to spend time with them praising our Lord . If you would like to join us we are at 103 st and < PROPMALE > rd Galveston . Hope to see you there . 
ok church is over and now i need to apply what i learned . 1 . put God first . 2.it is a choise to forgive and forgiveness holds no grudges . 3.in Christ we all have a spritual gift . Man i love going to church . God is awsome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AMEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I know my wonderful God is up to all things good , even when I don't understand all the things that happen in my life . In everything we are to give thanks . 1 Thessalonians 5:18 . Yah < PROPMALE > it'hard to do BUT with the POWER of The Holy Sprit ( we)I can do anything . Philippians 4:13 
WOW !!! What a great sermon today ! Pastor Yos preached on no matter how bad things are here on earth , in heaven there will be nothing but JOY and HAPPYNESS . i wanted to stand up and yell \YAH PREACH IT BROTHER\ " The sermon for me was a pep rally . Keep your eye on the prise ... one day I'll be sitting with my Lord Jesus talking about nothing but GOOD TIMES . AMEN . I love you Lord ! " 
Hello all my fb prayer partners i need yall to left me up in prayer im going through some stuff that is hard to handle and i want to handle it in a Godly way . Thank you 
I would like to give a big THANK YOU to everyone who prayed for me ! God does listen ! :) 
hello fb friends . i had a wonderfull bd and vacataion up on the rio frio at neals lodges , on the 22ed my bd i sat in the water and roasted marshmellows with adale and my daddy it was great . 
Yah !!!! Thoses are MY two baby girls . MOM Loves you both . Thank You Lord for my girls , I'm proud of both of them . 
Are you going to meet with God today ? He loves you an wants to hear from you , all you have to do is talk , shear your feelings or whatever . The Lord jesus is a loving father and wants you to be His child . God will take care of you . 
Heeeeeeeey < PROPFEMALE > , your < PROPFEMALE > has been hacked !!!! Ha Ha You left it open ! 
Hello everyone Happy Christmas Eve . God came to earth to be nailed on a cross so we could choose LIFE . Have you chosen life in Christ yet ? Know God Know Peace . 
What a day that shall be when my Jesus i shall see when i look on his face and see His < PROPFEMALE > shinning all over the place . Amen and Thank You Jesus for your everlasting love . 
this is nice hugging your < PROPFEMALE > weather yah < PROPMALE > it is !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Valentines Day to my one and only TRUE Love . My Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ . Thank You For Loving me . 
OK now Im going to sleep . The phone is off Ill turn it on when I wake up , about 10pm night night 
as you can see I woke up . Phone is on till noon then back to sleep so I can go to work at 11pm . I love working nights and all the people I work with . :) 
