Thought I was watching TV with my dog , but turns out he left . SO BORED !!!! 

If you could harness boredom , and make inexpensive fuel out of it , I alone could cut American dependancce on foreign oil . 
Nobody's online tonight .... I feel lonely . 
For some reason , I'm wondering what tonsils look like ... 
In the past 2 weeks , I've lost almost an inch on my waist . In the past 2 days , I've lost about 2 pounds . Feeling pretty good about myself :D 
Spent about an hour and a half napping with the dog on the bench on our porch . Then , my allergy medicine decided to wear off ... 
Last night , I had a nightmare that my ' stache grew out of control and I had facial hair like < PROPMALE > Burnside , but with an equally big and fuzzy beard . 
What's the proper reaction when a < PROPFEMALE > actually takes the time to fly by and spit on you ? 
Sick and tired of staying at home on the weekends with nowhere to go and noone to < PROPFEMALE > out with !!! 
Who can resist this face ? HAHAHA 
I think I just bruised two bones while sneezing ... 
Only thing fun about Renegames is hanging out with friends without those pesky classes getting in the way :p 
In the past six months , I have seen more newspapers than most of you will see in a lifetime . 
My mom is compulsively vacuuming :P 
Operation : Tidy Nest\ 
Progress : 33% Complete\ 
Stress Level : 85% 
I learned two things taking out the trash today :\ 
1 . Force Flex bags can , in fact , spring a leak . \ 
2 . Chili can support at least 5 different species of fungus :p 
I remember 9/11 like it was yesterday . Mostly because my memory sucks and I can barely remember yesterday . 
Passed my permit test ! Next up , 6 hours of driving school . 
At 12:14 this afternoon , I will officialy be 16 ! 
SCHOOL'S OUT !!!!!! 
Summer Solstice : Summer has officially begun ! 
Just watched Gremlins . Good movie . 
Beach today ! 
Never underestimate the hidden power of a lawn sprinkler . 
Bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored BORED !!!!! 
Vacation ! :D 
BACK TO THAT FUTURE ... thing ... the one that hasn't happened yet ? \ 
A United Nerds Media production\ 
Coming Soon ( relatively speaking ) 
Note to Self : When pinecones are tossed into a fire , they have the potential to explode , sending fireballs up 30 feet into the air . 
This just in : < PROPFIRST > doesn't know the difference raisins and prunes . 
Bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored BORED !!! DX 
Last day of freedom ... 
Stupid budget cuts 
Just when u feel like you're done with school , you suddenly find yourself sitting in that hard desk seat again , yawning so hard u nearly dislocate your jaw . 
Today I ate lunch with a grasshopper . Noone else . I hate my lunch period . 
I can sneeze up to 17 times in a row , but when I NEED to sneeze , nothing . Go figure . 
Ugh . English homework . Save me . 
95.7 FM just rickrolled it's listeners -§- 
You ever wonder what the \Q\ " stands for in < PROPFIRST > Q . Urkel ? " 
I think I'm ready for my 15 minutes of fame to be over . 
Another day of school , another 8 hours we'll never get back . 
Youtube Video of the Week : official premier on 9/24/2010 on < PROPFEMALE > TV during the Renegade Morning Show 
Frustration Level : Critical 
Youtube Video of the Week : official premier this friday during the Renegade Morning Show 
I'm dissappointed with how the < PROPFIRST > Bit My Finger episode of Youtube Video of the Week turned out :/ 
Hot funk , cool punk , even if it's old junk , still rock and roll to me . 
I hate rain :/ 
How exactly does a dog get his tug-of-war rope stuck to his collar ? 
My sister is playing fetch with the dog . I walk by right as she throws the ball and I get hit in the crotch . After a few minutes of pain , I have to walk by again . This time , she manages to wedge the ball between my elbow and my body . 
PSATs in the morning :p 
Fire alarms : The most annoying invention in the history of mankind . 
Wow . I have never seen fog this thick . 
Can't wait for the next episode of Youtube Video of the Week to go on the air next week :D 
* the fire alarm goes off*\\nMr . Booth : Everybody wait ! I have to give you your homework ! 
I want to be the Grinch who stole Halloween . 
I saw an old man in shopright who bore a striking resemblance to he who shall not be named . 
Happy couples are the #1 cause of hallway traffic . 
Diversity Day = boring 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
To love without being loved back is a part of life . It sucks , but it's a part of life . 
Always pay 100% attention when shaving . ALWAYS . 
You know you're screwed when you can actually hear the static charge build up . 
I have seen Cheez-its . I am distracted by Cheez-its . I can't stop thinking of Cheez-its . 
How is it that this bizarrely vicious bedhead is on the right side of my head when I sleep on my left side ? Add that to the mysteries of the universe . 
Just watched Outbreak . Awesome ! 
Power outages : no fun when you're alone or everyone else is asleep :p 
I hate seeing happy couples . It's depressing :/ 
I'm updating my status ... From my new iPod Touch :) 
So ..... The dishwasher threw up ... 
Slipped on some ice and got a small cut on my hand . Winter : 1 ; Andy : 0 
Never work with children , animals , or children who act like animals . 
Heading to my little cousin's birthday party that I literally just found out about this morning . Nobody tells me anything -§- 
Yet another < PROPFIRST>'s Day spent alone . What else is new ? 
Stupid wind . Trash can rolled down the driveway . Why can't the trash take itself out of trash day ? 
Just realized I'm wearing my sweatshirt backwards ... 
I shall now call chairs \sittable objects \"." 
You don't quite realize just how uncomfortable a bus seat is until you've been sitting in one for over 2 hours . 
Dear storm , Shut up ! Some of us are trying to sleep ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Black sounds like a dying cat choking on a hairball with it's package in a vice . 
I must have burned off the energy from my breakfast by sneezing today . I freaking hate being sick :( 
Anybody ever fall asleep in the middle of the day , wake up , and think it's the next day ? 
I hate making storyboards ! But they're a necessary evil . 
