Should I do Winter Drumline ? 

Therapy doesn't help . My mind still swirls with murderous thoughts mixed with agony . At least I tried . 
is working on white's stupid research paper . Uugh . 
anyone else freaking out over the ACT tomorrow ? actstudent.org helps a hell of a lot 
Pissed about my ACT score . 27 is so not good enough . how much are they ? thinking about taking it again so I can get at least a 32 
Guess what ? I made my cat glow in the dark !! 
dude !!, change.org is amazing !! make a difference and petition . thnx De'pratt:) 
Who's ready for the Drought of 2010 ? 
need encouragement , who wants to work out w/ me to achieve the elusive 6 pack ? 
my cat came back , awsome !!!!!!!!!! (stupid cat ) 
SCREW Arizona !!!!!!!!! everyone , quick , grab an illegal do the Mexican hat dance while getting wasted on margaritas and corona !!! (unless ur not 21 ) grumble grumble I don't even care about beaners that much but stupid Arizona makes my blood boil with the fury of a thousands damned souls ... too much ?... makes my blood boil due to too much hot sauce ? 
never thought i'd say this but ...... I WANT TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL !!! new low for me 
\someone save me if you will and take away all these pills \"" 
anyone know the number ( 615)584-6050 ? some douchebag keeps calling me . probably trying to prank call me , i guess . 
I have a really good excuse for missing prom ...... 
Why am I still awake at 3:42 for the fourth day in a row ? ugh . 
Anyone notice that < PROPFIRST > Bieber and Christian Vargas look a lot alike ? 
FIFA starts June 11 !!!!!!!!!!!! soccer , wooooo!!There's my Mexican moment for the week . 
Serious question . Would anyone care if I died ? 
hope it doesn't come down to germany vs usa 
I stood outside in the rain looking up at the pouring sky\ 
The wind caressed my skin as it buffeted my hair about my face\ 
I watched the lightning dance through the clouds\ 
And listened to the booming roar of thunder\ 
Contemplating the beauty of nature . \ 
sigh\ 
Now I'm completely soaked . Totally worth it . 
Kitten report : now 10 days old . 1 chick 3 dudes . they are so adorable :] 
still haven't received me schedule 
MTSBOA/COLUMBIA is saturday !!!! yes that's right , we are gonna rock the place to the ground !! new people doing magnificently . ITALIAN ICE !!!!! 
how am I a hippie/nature goth and I own no hippie attire whatsoever ?!? ( frustration ) 
THE TRUTH for those who have answered \21 questions\ " about me . \ 
Copy this to\ 
yourstatus and see what people rate you ...... ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we\ 
wentout ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) Loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7)\ 
iwantyou(8)spoiled ( 9 ) wild ( 10 ) funny ( 11 ) beautiful ( 12)text me ;) \ 
( 13)wish I had ur number ( 14)we definately need to talk . DO IT ! 
I should really get a cellular device . Communicating with others when you do not have their < PROPFIRST > makes it difficult to call them . ( frustration ) 
Anyone else feel that this break was too short ? 
Who wants a free kitten ? Born on the 18th . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday . 
