Am I even doing this right ? 

Novalie hates the planet . She gave me no time whatsoever for planting my marigolds . 
i'm about to force alertness on my infant , she needs to deflate my love pillows . adieu . also , i need tips for facebook , i'm going into this blind maaan idk what i'm getting myself into :O ! 
About to leave , taking Novalie to visit her grandparents and her daddy .. Everyone have a nice day , don't let the little things get you down . Farewell . 
I've been really feeling like watching Pan's Labyrinth today . 
It's not what's on my mind so much as what's on my boob , and it's my novabug yeeeah . Im watching avatar as well , dad bought it , hell yeah . 
I've lost my chat thing .. where the hell did it go ? 
Has anyone here gotten their GED ? 
Going to get my mirena put in shortly , i've got one novalie and that's enough for now . 
I don't understand what goes through his head .. I really don't . :/ She's so beautiful . NOTHING COULD EVER TAKE ME AWAY FROM HER ! 
Look up : ( Britain's Got Talent / The Regurgitator ) It's pretty neat . 
Ive taken out the trash . No more baggage ! It feels damn good to be so much more free . Today im working on making myself totally free . Wish me luck . ( the baggage was , my now , ex boyfriend ) 
for a minute there , i lost myself . i'm thinking of getting that tattooed on me . i just don't know where to get it yet . getting ready for work now . byyye . 
Just got my room all done ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > and everyone ! So glad to have room to breathe . It was so cluttered . And novalie is fantastic . Shes so great . Good night . 
Hanging out with my little monster then going to work . Im about to use novalie's aspirator on myself . Im sick eck . 
Grrr . I'm so grouchy and tired . Rain rain , go away . Lets hope it stays pretty out today ! Farewell . I didn't mean to make that rhyme haha . 
R . i . p < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Good night my fellow man . 
< PROPFIRST > just left . Im sad . She wont be back for 4 months . :( 
On my way to my grandmothers house ! For some cooking out . I get to show off my little monster :) 
I wish i could legally eliminate all the worthless men in the world . The women too , but mostly the men . I'll get over it eventually and maybe i'll find one worthwhile , if not though , i dont need them , there are ... other options . 
Moneymoneymoney muhhhney , muhney ! Yeah . Thats whats on my mind . 
Damn dude . Damn . Im just so pissed right now . 
Watching paper heart with novalie . Shes talking so daggum loud i had to put on subtitles . I love her :) 
I saw splice with < PROPFEMALE > the other day , it was weird in a good way . Probably an aquired taste when it comes to movies . And the dudes outfits were pretty awesome . At work then getting my little novabug ! Cant wait to kiss her to death . 
Shake it , like a ladder to the sun , makes me feel like a mad man on the run . That song really gets me going . Just got back from the dentist , going back at noon to get my cavities filled , ew decay . Then making an appointment w/ the oral surgeon to get my wisdom teeth cut out ! Reh reh reh reh , that's the psycho theme or whatever , i did my best . Novalie is the most fantastic baby ever , she's the coolest . :) Adieu . 
My stupid teeth ! Argh . 
Although , although we're apart , you're part of my heart & tonight , you belong to me . That's a pretty cool song . I'm about to get milk .... because I NEED VANILLA MILK ! Then I have to work , boooo . Atleast I have a cool job . Oh & i'm excited to watch lie to me . I just love that show . 
Me and Novalie took a bath together with the yeah yeah yeahs playing in the background . It was fun and she's soooooooo damn cute , especially naked :) 
Im enjoying ra ra riot right now . I really like ghost under rocks . Tis a good song folks . R.i.p im out . 
okay ... so maybe only some of the song .. 
Please drop me a line with a hook and some raw bleeding bait , well i am uncaught and still swimming alone in a lake . That song is stuck in my head like hardcore . 
Fireworks . Yeeeah . 
hdhdhyjsuiskyeeeeahhhhhthatsall . 
Went to Rev Coffee tonight , couldn't make it to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :( But overall , awesome night . I have a headache from singing too damn loud . 
Fun facts by lauren : people suck :) 
I got a couple new pictures up ! Not all of them , but there are a couple yeeeeah . Off to work . Later . 
I got Novalie's ears pierced yesterday , it makes her even cuter , i know you're like , ' no there's no way ' but i assure you , it does . :) 
novie woke up ! Im tired but its okay . Shes fun and beautiful . :) 
Its not hard to be real . I dont understand why people have to be so fucking phony . Im sick of it dude . Give it to me straight i mean goddamn .. 
Just got back from starsandstrikes with my fellow partners . I had the most fun ive had in a while . Thanks guys . I needed it . 
I don't understand it , but i love Lady Gaga . 
I heard this is the first baby boom since the 60's . Novalie is a baby boom baby . And so are all of yours :) So many kids man , it's obnoxious . But aren't they so cute ? Off to work . Later . 
i'm not a ' teen mom ' anymore as of today . righteous . leaving for work in like 30 minutes . and maybe ... getting a tattoo or piercing for my birthday . my present to me . :) later . 
just got a tattoo . yeah . it feels like i have a sunburn . 
dude . my family fucking ate my whole icecream cake . i wake up and the motherfucker is gone , like ..... wtf . No one thought to save me some of my own birthday cake ? Its whatever i guess . 
i'm so sick of caring about people that don't give a damn about me .. its old dude . ugh . oh well ! i have a beautiful daughter so that's awesome ! laaaater . 
Applying for colleges , i want to be an elementary school teacher . Any suggestions/advice ? 
Novalie just fell asleep , she looks like an angel when she's sleeping . my little angel monster , i love her so much . i'm about to watch IIIIRRRROOON MAAANN 2222222222 . heard it was kickass so , yeah , then a meeting at work then working then working out , so much working hah . later . 
i love the people i work with and my job . who would think a meeting would be fun ? 
i want mommy friends . i love having Novalie play with other babies . i know people who don't have babies don't want to chill with babies and stuff ... blehhhh 
So . One of my favorite books of all time is The Perks of Being a Wallflower , does anyone have any suggestions on books that I would like that are similar to that one ? I don't know if i'll ever find a book as cool . 
I like it on the floor man .. 
working out gets me pumped dude yeeeeah . and my baby is awesome . annnd , i think , pineapple express and eternal sunshine of the spotless mind are on my top 5 fav movies , and perks of being a wallflower is one of my favorite books and .... brmc is fantastic and , i'm in a good mood , working out is fantastic . good night . 
Open mic night at my Starbuck's on EW conn . It should be pretty righteous .. You can do anything as long as it's family friendly .. sign up is at like 6 30 or so . coooomeeeee onnnnn ! i bet you won't .. ;) 
I just wish things could be just a < PROPMALE > easier . I don't mind working hard for things , but damn , could I not be so stressed out ? Could there not be so much to think about ? It's driving me batty . Between Novalie , work , money , college , baby's father issues etc . i feel like my head is spinning off . Novalie is beautiful though , she makes it all worth it but , sometimes I just want to cry .. idk . Okay . That's all for that ! 
I love Kid Cudi . And my baby . About to leave for work so , later . I just wanted to get that last post off my < PROPFEMALE > or whatever . And if anyone is < PROPMALE > , can i borrow 2000 dollars ? Just because .. 
Novalie and I are about to go meet Megomatic at our starbucks then do a little shopping , oh geez , i HAAATE trying on clothes dude .. oh well . It'll be a good day ! Also , go vote ! It's important , yeeah . And ... everything will be okay , just saying . Later . 
How to train your dragon is actually a super cute movie , i really liked it :) About to leave for work , sarcastic yay(just not in the mood today ) ... Novalie is getting so good at waving at people ! She can wave , I just think it's adorable . 
Holy canoli man ... everyone has babies or is pregnant , like , EVERYONE . I'd say , 50% , if not more , of the people i've known throughout my lifetime are parents or becoming parents . It's insanity . I know I had a baby , and I wouldn't EVER change it , but people , be safe , it's a lot harder than you'd think . I feel like everyone thinks it's like playing house or something . 
ALSO , props to you dads out there who love their children and are there for them , there is nothing sexier than a man who takes responsibility , especially for his child . 
Awesome night with some awesome ladies listening to the awesome Dresden Dolls ! :) Man oh man , it was good to get out , not so awesome to get a bullshit ticket , if only it had been a man cop dude haha . GOOOOOD NIGHT ALL . 
Time to sleep . Work at 7am and let me tell you , im ecstatic . 
About to bathe my little booger then finish getting ready for work . I can't wait to wrap up some of her presents and put them under the tree . I'm impatient though , I might give them to her early :/ WORK TONIGHT boooo . Atleast I have a cool job .. I need to call < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > asap , DON'T HATE ME , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Lame ass people sleeping until 3 O'CLOCK ?! are you serious ? c'mon now , don't be bums man . oh well , Novalie and I will just go do something awesome . Later . 
My dad just got gran turismo 5 . I'm pretty excited about it .. i love car games , especially ones that have a ridiculous amount of cars to select from :O ! 
Still at court . I feel like all these crooked ass motherfuckers are just telling me what im doing . No one gives a shit about what i have to say ... i hate the system . 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > jolly christmas yo ! Ahhhahah . Novalie is awesome . Peace . 
anybody want a little dog ? to a good home ? he's a cutie . i'm just NOOOOT a dog person at all ... found that out the hard way .. 
8 hours of community service and 3 defensive driving classes for rolling through a neighborhood stop sign .. bullshit . What is wrong with the system ? 
slow ass night we are sooooo boooorrrrreeeeed ahhhhhhhhh 
I could murder people who sit in smoking sections outside and make snide remarks about smoke being around them like , \Good thing I don't have asthma . \ " etc . You-are-in-a-SMOKING SECTION ! How dense are you ? Really ? " 
my baby girl talks in her sleep , shes doing it right now . man , she kills me haha :) 
wtf does hmu mean ? everyone says it and i don't have a damn clue what it means .. 
Dude . Why does responsibility have to be so tedious ? If only you knew my list of things to do JUST to apply to college , and then all the other lame stuff like insurance and geez . everything . It's overwhelming sometimes .. i would be nothing without my lists and my task manager . LOOOVE my girl . 
sometimes i look around at the world , and i cant find aything fun or interesting , even if it should be . what a mundane existence , what a depressing post . BUT i must say that my daughter is all that ;) she is definitely fun and interesting . 
Just finished filing my taxes , phew . It was fun , my return is insane ! :D 
just got my ass kicked by a work out video , < PROPFEMALE > made it look easy , totally wasnt , shes a freak of nature . its been a good day , i can say that with confidence . 
about to watch paranormal activity 2 , i dont know about this . the first one affected me hard . 
whitechapel and acacia strain tonight , im gonna shit myself , im so psyched man . gonna miss my girl but mommy needs a night out , its been 3 months since i had one . 
show was awesome last night , other than poor < PROPFEMALE > falling out and us missing whitechapel ! booooooo ! the people i went with made it awesome ! 
uhh , the things i would do for some extra sleeeep , you dont even want to know .. 
im coughing like a madman like coughing so hard im gonna throw up . blehhhhh everywhere . 
dude , babygirl's birthday is sunday . holy hell , where'd the time go ? shes grown into the most wonderful little one year old . i'm so proud :) 
man , mumford & sons makes me get jiggy with it . 
girls are so silly . im serious , i think novalies dads other baby momma was at the store and her and all her giggly friends like waited until i got out of the store to leave and all walked down the aisle i was in to get close to me , i guess they think thats funny or something .. last i checked we had no problems ... idk . silly silly girls . 
novalies birthday party was a huge success , my phone wont let me exclaim damnit but yeah , it was so fun and just damn amazing . ill have pictures soon , my girl is so awesome . loooooove her too much dude . 
Okay , i went to zumba tonight , i had too much fun , really . And to everyone who is upset they weren't at Novalie's birthday party , i'm very sorry , it was last minute , i had a VERY busy week and not a lot of time for planning , and i hate my house . I didn't mean to hurt anyone's feelings so . MY BAD , really . 
sorry about the photo upload OVERLOAD but i haven't had internet in toooo looooong . adlgkadlgkadgklj 
damn it damn it damn it . i am so completely sick and tired of Novalie's father , it's unreal . i honestly wish he would just die so i didn't have to worry about it anymore . this is fucking bullshit . pardon all my language please , you'd have a dirty mouth too if you had to deal with this kind of ignorance . any good-for-nothing father should just be executed in my book . 
ooooh geeeez . sad baby waking up at 5am wanting her momma love . got her back to sleep , wonder if she'll be up again ? gooooood niiiight . 
it should be a good damn day dude . my baby is beautiful , it's gorgeous outside and i'm off work . helllllllllllllllllllllll yeeeeeeeeahhh ! i want to do something fun . oh and maybe zumba tonight , so i can get my freak on hahaah . 
okay so , i have , unintentionally had a ... oh geez , this is embarrassing , a jersey shoreISH day . went tanning this morning(weird ) , then worked out , and now i'm doing laundry .... isn't that GTL thing jersey shore ? just don't tell anyone hahaha 
so much negative energy dude , it's so heavy here sometimes :/ 
oh man , and i thought i'd heard it all ! 
Open mic tonight at EW Conn . Starbucks . I'll be working , but it should be awesome . There weren't many people at our last one so , invite everyone . If they have any talent they want to share like , singing , comedy , poetry etc . FAMILY FRIENDLY PEOPLE . later . see you there ? 
people answered questions about me or whatever .. someone said i don't have a nice butt , which , obviously i know this but still . it stung a little . like , i know it's not there but to know other people think that bothers me . oh well , we can't all be awesome . 
I'm going to go see Of Montreal . You don't know , like ... my life will be just , better because of it . 
I'm actually kinda diggin ' summer this year man , the summer dresses , the sun , it's not so bad . and we're saving up to HOPEFULLY go to FL this year . and , i've submitted all my information to the el college . I'm very excited . Be happy for me :) 
oh , what a wicked world we live in . nasty wicked . 
i went on a question answering binge so i could see who answered this thing about me . way disappointing . i'm so boooored . about to go to the store . later . 
where the real folks at ?! why is everyone so phony these days man ? like this if you're real and trustworthy . this is a social experiment . 
Days like this make me feel so happy . Bad things can happen , but when the sun is shining and the sky is blue , it's easy to keep the negative energy at bay :) Exist . 
