2 feral kittens and a momma cat living under our office building . anyone have a trap to lend ? Anyone need a kitten ? 

This Friday Night ( June 26th ) at oh dark thirty I will again showing movies in the back yard . This weeks movie Diabolik from 1968 . You are welcome anytime after 6pm . BBQ and fridge available as needed . Pool is open if you choose to swim . Movie is after da 
distracted by thoughts of a girl ..... 
swimming is awsome and refreshing 
My palm phone just reminder-ed me an emotional bomb . Thanks . i really didn't need that today . fsking pocket brain 
today is/was our 9th wedding anniversary . i think im going to cry in the corner for a while . 
Waiting in MSP for connecting flight to milwalkee and fair ! 
posting from my laptop using my tethered pre . rooting this phone was SO the right thing to do . 
Day one at fair was totally fun . Wish you were here 
happiness is streaming netflix thru my pre on fairsite 
I'm haveing a great time at faire . Behind on pix . Pieces selling before I can take photos 
After hours at faire drinking cider , eating food , listening to a chicago blues jam session . Life is grand . 
Homesick today . Miss my house and my furballs 
home again . strange and wonderful . miss folks in WI . Missed all my peeps here . feeling disconnected 
That cloud looks like a purple duckie 
sometimes you are change , sometimes change sneaks up from behind lights you on fire and gets Urotsukidoji on your ass 
Grab bag movie night . My backyard this Friday ( yes tomorrow ) Its grab bag this Friday , bring a movie you want to see the assembled viewers will decide what we're watching . Bring something to sit or lay on , your favorite consumables and your beautiful selves . Movie is at dark o'clock . Guests are welcome after 6 . Pool and grill ave available for use . Feel free to forward this on 
wishing everyone a peaceful night and tomorrow . 
I need a giant can of \harpies be gone \"" 
one show packed up . One show and the studio to go then driving 
scrabble broken ! noooooooo 
early morning shower by candlelight . Off to neveda 
37 degrees snow and tumbleweeds . Glad I live in CA . 
oh bamboo needles how did i ever knit without you ... 
Which pair of big stompy boots are the appropriate ones to wear to kick 2010 out the door with ? Guess I have to try them all . > : ) 
Wishes of properity and joy for the coming year to all my friends everywhere . I am looking forward to what the new year will bring 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry under your comments put the meaning for your name . 
BofA can suck my balls . 
My dog is awsome . I lurve her . 
Had a date nite with myself . What did I do ? I repacked the berrings on my front bike wheel . It was so good I had a cigar afterward . I'm such a romantic . You know you want me . 
Happy Pi day ! 
my spazzy dog jumped infront of a moving car yesterday . She's ok just som scrapes and bruises . Just the frosting on my weekend 
Say hello to my new ( to me ) felony orange bus . I think I shall call you poppy the wunderbus . 
2 hrs in . 24 < PROPFIRST > sparrows and a pirate sing along of good ship lolly pop 
After noon Sunday . Swimmin pool . BBQ . My place . You ? 
Asking for you ( yes YOU there in front of the monitor ) to make me a cd of road trip music . What would you listen to if you had to drive for 4 days ? I want to hear it while I drive across country . Pretty Please with a < PROPFEMALE > on top . 
feeling lonley , unloved , and incapable of doing anything right 
1 week until I leave . I only have nine lists of stuff to do before then . Are you making me a cd ? Please contact me so I can get it . 
online dating is wierd . really , really wierd . 
AAAAARGHH ! 3 days . 6 lists to go 
Fuck yeah !! WOOT WOOT WOOT ! 
Unexpected delay in salt lake for tires . Don't come here the people suck . 
Good morning from < PROPFEMALE > WY . 
Wow nebraska was big . Onward through iowa ! 
Blood red moonrise over east iowa . Still rollin 
I have tumbled into fair at last . Now for the sleeps 
Getting food at woodmans(grocery the size of costco ) . I'm so not from arounf here . 
121 mosquito bites , 2 espsodes of dehydration- must be wissonsin 
I miss feeling dry . I miss crispy foods . That must be why there is so much fried food here . 
California her I come 
Mosquito bites on your soles itch more than on on your palms . This benedryl commercial brought to you by iowa rest stops 
Home 
I may be attending burning man this year if I can make 2 things happen . 1 ) find dog sitting for a week 2 ) a ticket for less than $300 . Let me know if you have a lead on either . 
Nervous system set to 10 . Drugs have only taken me down to 9 . I'm gonna go throw up now 
Home , semi conscious , can't stop smiling 
Dear universe , I get it , I need to be more flexible . Can I have something to set a foot on now ? Thanks 
my room sure looks big when there nothing in it 
I've filed the divorce paperwork . April 1 2011 it wil be official 
i love it when i get emails telling me that their email isn't working . [ head-desk ] 
Ah , Sunday morning . Why is there only one of you per week ? 
Oh monday why you gotta suck so hard . I want a do over 
It a crisp beautiful fall morning . The birds are singing 
I need to find the off button for my central nervous system . Pfffftttt . 
malo periculosam libertatem quam quietum servitium 
i <3 dd-wrt . 
This is what I do for fun on a work-night 
* gasp * Bwahahahahahah * snarf * hahaha 
This 2am brought to you by poorly written 3rd party software supported by brain dead tape worms 
That's right its 830 on a Friday I'm drunk on whiskey and weeping greasy color into a tube sock . You wish you were hot like me . 
Thanks to the first internet date that actually showed up , I now know I'm not the most socially awkward lesbian out there . Yea me ! 
Ok . I went and got an android phone . What are your favorite droid apps ? 
Sonofa ..... fuck fuck dammit . Lost my nano walking dog yesterday . stoopid stoopid 
And then you are the awkward one on a date ... oh < PROPFEMALE > you are so cruel 
Off to see the queens !! 
Home . Sore and smelling of gay < PROPFEMALE > . Great night . 
Bliss = 1 part hot tub full of loved ones 1 part gin and tonic garnish with a lunar eclipse and stir 
I am a very lucky girl to receive birthday wishes from so many wonderful people . I'm getting all verclempt . ( but not verklemmt ) 
Filled up on the love of friends . Laying in bed enjoying the afterglow 
Where are the lesbians hiding in this city ??? Seriously I'm starting to feel like an alien here 
Woke up with the < PROPFEMALE > to shave my head bald . Wonder what I was dreaming ? 
Oh sleep you fickle bitch get < PROPFEMALE > ass back here 
Just watched \The Road\ " . Let me save you the time . Don't bother . Depressing movie with a total bs cop out of an ending . Phooey " 
Tired of attempting sleep at 6 am . Who needs sleep I have caffine 
Dear mssql F**k you 
Today's tip for better living : don't inhale ground < PROPFEMALE > 
Hospitals are full of things that go ' BING ' and are not pleasant to listen to 
Hospitals are also kept at near freezing tempratures . Are they afraid that the patients are going to spoil ? 
Happiness is being the springboard to help launch my loved ones on a trajectory of bliss 
Why does time go slower when you are waiting for the fun to start 
Dear east cost expect more snow . I'm not sorry 
today was a great day . thanks universe ! 
Dear roseville pd , i was doing just fine until you showed up . Move along .... 
Oh alcohol why do you have to be so stabby ? You were so much fun last night ... 
815am 43 degrees less than quarter mile visablity . 30 < PROPMALE > on a bike ? Bring it 
Hiya and hiya ! Suck it foggy morning your were my beotch 
GODDAMMIT SOMEONE ATE MY CHEESY POOFS !! you must die .... 
I love making glass ... it fills my soul 
< PROPFEMALE > pirate ninja is victorious ! 
I love my car 
Today was made of awsome 
I realized I was a dog owner when I noticed that walking 2 < PROPMALE > with a bag of poo seemed normal 
Drag < PROPFEMALE > bingo FTW !! 
Dear universe , I could use some winning lotto < PROPFIRST > now . Thanks 
Dammit ! Broke one of my favorite coffee mugs . It was full too . 
The next book in the < PROPFIRST > RR < PROPFIRST > ' Song of Ice and Fire ' series \Dragon Time\ " comes out Tuesday July 12 . The HBO series starts April 17th . " 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
I'm looking for busted ipods . Do you have one laying about that you want to part with ? Know someone that does ? 
This weekend was made of awsome . 
Home safely from heroic adventures in S.F. can't wait to see the photos ! 
