Invictus Infrangilis 

THE GAME 
You Never Needed Any Help , You Sold Me Out To Save Yourself , And I Won't Listen To Your Shame , You Ran Away - You're All The Same , Angels Lie To Keep Control My Love Was Punished Long Ago , If You Still Care , Don't Ever Let Me Know , If you ever cared , don't ever let me know 
You had to have it all , Well have you had enough ? You greedy little bitch , You will get what you deserve . When all is said and done Ill be the one to leave you in the misery and hate what youve become . You should have learned by now Ill burn this whole world down . I need some peace of mind , no fear of whats behind . You think youve won this fight ? youve only lost your mind . Heaven help you 
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is sick of being sick and tired , and sick of understanding , tired of feeling sick to my stomach , demons inside comand me , they're sayin SMASH IT ! BURN IT ! BREAK IT ! FUCKIN KILL EM ALL ! 
I am NOT the weak willed , nor am I a fool cannot see , I am not the weak willed , I will not let pride destroy me . 
So here's to another better year , We've crossed that thin line , Don't try to hold us here , If for just this once you'd think of us , I hope you're happy with yourself . 
Careful what you wish for , you might regret it , Careful what you wish fro , you just might get it 
Why do we always look on the past and regret things ? its just a waste of time and effort , we cant change it so why both feeling bad about it ? just remember it so as not to make the same mistakes again , and take another step forward , or life might just pass you by . Remeber the past , Live in the present , Change the future . Thats my philosophy . And never give up ! 
Another thing , dont let life get u down . Sure , lifes sucks at times , and sometimes it doesnt feel worth it to keep going on , But it is . As long as we dont give in , and as long as we have but one thing precious to us , or one person who cares , we cannot give in . We can never falter , we must stand our ground Lest we all fall . 
This is the world we live in , and these are the hands we're given , use them and lets start trying , to make it a place worth living in 
Their cries are blown away with the wind , How passive can we be before humanity is lost ? Turning our backs on those who need love , We must not rest while healing is needed , Tear down the veil , That bars your heart from feeling this , Dedicate yourself , Giv 
Time can never mend , The careless whispers of a good friend , To the heart and mind , Ignorance is kind , And there's no comfort in the truth , Pain is all you'll find , I'm never gonna dance again , These guilty feet have got no rhythm , Though it's easy to pretend , I k 
I will not give in to faciest beliefs and I am not a fool , I will not let pride in my core be rooted out , I will stand firm on my beliefs , Live life the master of my < PROPFEMALE > , See no other way to live , I am not the weak willed , Nor am I a fool who can not 
I blind my eyes and try to force it all into place , I stitch them up , see not my fall from grace . I blind my eyes , i hide and feel it passing me by , I open just in time to say goodbye . Almost like your life , Almost like your endless fight , Cursed , the day 
I spent the last year paying a stranger to listen , To childhood thoughts about the love I am missing , I've fallen for one of the oldest tricks in the book , The hooks were baited up with fear , Because I wasn't thinking clear , ( Just save yourself)Cause it's too 
I am a mortal man , But I'm not falling I'm not broken yet , I'm am a mortal man , But I'll hold tight to my beliefs now , I have suffered defeat , pain , loss , Still I push to the edge , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master , I will not rele 
Take the best of me and Watch my world fall apart Still I remain steadfast in my heart Walk a darkened road and We will be our own light Our foundation our core is strong Stand for what's right 
Could blood not be so sweet or flow enough to sustain , Two hundred nine tomorrow's rise and I'm alone again , Please not this way so sweet on my tongue it burns away , An empty promise fills my veins with lies , The deepest gray forever lives inside of me , B 
Cause you can't feel my ANGER , You can't feel my pain , You can't feel my torment , Driving me insane , I can't fight these feelings they will bring you pain , You can't take away , Make me whole again , I feel betrayed , Stuck in your ways , And you rip me apart 
With conviction You must stand your ground , Don't be deceived , Strength is salvation , It is so easy to live the life of a follower , We must kill the idols , Don't fall prey to seduction , With single-mindedness We must pursue the Truth , Nevermore the victim , Let th 
You found me here , waiting for your chance , You would reach inside and take all of me , You watch your lies smother me again , But now you can't! Don't even try your wasting time , Jump back I'll beat you down and turn around , I'm fighting my way through you , Push 
If today was ur last day and tomorrow was too late , Could u say goodbye to yesterday ? Would u live each moment like ur last ? Leave old pictures in the past ? Donate every dime u had ? And would u call those friends u never see ? Reminisce old memories ? Would 
What's wrong with me ? U want to know what's wrong with me ? I could ask u the exact same thing ! I have my opinion and u have yours , U don't have to like mine , cause I don't like yours , What's wrong with u ? I want to know what's wrong with u , and why this doesn't m 
This is hardly worth fighting for , but its the little , petty , sh*t that i cant ignore , with my fist in your face , and your face on the floor , It'll be a long time comin , but you got the message now , Cause i was never goin , yeah your the one thats GOIN DOW 
Through the eye , Of the storm , You are never alone , Even through the shadows , You are never alone , After all this time , Still you struggle , Even words of love , Ring so hollow , I have no regrets , I have no remorse , And if you falter , I wont let you down !! 
Have not the strongest and closest ties been bound so long , I've called upon them , they remind me where I'm from , With deep conviction , I am connected cross the miles , with out them nothing worth relying on , It's been so long since I could say , I've needed anyth 
They've got me on the outside , looking in , But I can't see at all , With the weight of the world on my shoulders , They just wanna see me fall , Have faith in me , I said I'd never let you go , and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If 
Forget < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Mays is dead !!!! No more oxyclean commercials !!! :,( 
Rise , fall , down , rise again , What don't kill ya make ya more strong , Rise , fall , down , rise again , What don't kill ya make ya more strong , Through black days , through black nights , Through pitch black insides , Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming(Show y 
that ' s when she said I don't hate you boy I just want to save you while there's still something left to save that's when I told her I love you girl but I'm not the answer to the questions that you still have one thousand < PROPMALE > away there's nothing left t 
This was over before , Before it ever began , Your lips , your lies , your lust , Like the devil's in your hands , Everyone in this town , is seeing somebody else , Everybody's tired of someone , our eyes wander for help , Prayers that need no answer now , I'm tired of who I a 
For fear my eyes are closed , I'll shut this out no more , Embrace this and I become the catalyst , And now it swells in me , Smash all my defenses down , I'll let this fire consume me , I will not , I will not ! I will not fall , I will not fail , I pound the walls , I shake 
Close your eyes , For your eyes will only tell the truth , And the truth isn't what you want to see , In the dark it is easy to pretend , But the truth is what it ought to be , Softly , Deftly , Music shall caress you , Hear it , feel it , Secretly posess you , Open up your 
Same old story , I'm irresponsible I know , Don't want to end up on my own , Feeling so hepless , Tell me what u want me to do , I only want the best for me and u , Give me hope , Understand that i need ur help , If i'm going to be something , Just a little time and u'll k 
Hush little baby , dont say a word , And never mind that noise you heard , Its just the beast under your bed , In your closet , in your head , Exit light , Enter night , Grain of sand , Exit light , Enter night , Take my hand , Were off to never never land ! 
No more !!! No more are the days that I will , Fear for I have found a strength that , None can match and I'll push forward , Never has the blood in my viens , Flowed so fiercely as when i feel this around me , I am whole!I'm not alone , With the touch of your hand , I a 
This anger changes me , it effects the way i see , effects every part of me , and makes you my enemy , but when it falls apart , its like a brand new start , and i cant remember why i ripped everything apart , i'm still my worst enemy , the world around me all can 
Fallen ... Broken ... Simply dissolved into an incomplete thought ... an empty shell , cracked and disfigured ... with no remorse , I have been blinded by the darkness ... with no disdain , I have recived my punishment ... and with no haste ... I await them ..... 
Kill your enemies , my brothers dead around me , wounds are hurting , death is creeping for me , smoke is lighting , hearts are pounding , chaos soon ignites , the call made its one for all(will I meet my maker ? )Over the top over the top , right now it's killing time , The 
Well I've never been proud of my mistakes , But I'm proud of who I am today , You're still looking down on me , Cause I wear my heart on my sleeve , And I've done some bad I must admit , There is some truth to what you think , But lets not judge me just yet , Cause I'm 
Millimeters away from being lifeless , Many < PROPMALE > away from being righteous , I gotta fight this enemy within myself , I don't blame anyone else for the hands that I'm delt , But I feel , my whole world , closing in on me , I gotta fight , I gotta escape , I gotta Keep 
Torn apart at the seams of my dreams turn to tears , I'm not feeling the situation , Run away try to find that safe place you can hide , It's the best place to be when you're feeling like Me ( Me)Yeah ! (Yeah)All these things I hate revolve around Me ! (Me)Yeah ! (Yea 
wondering why when a child molester(Micheal < PROPMALE > ) dies the world seems to stop , yet when marines die on Independence Day nobody gives a rats ass . Ironic huh ? 
What more can I say , My lifes been stuck in disarray , I feel the weight of the world , Holding me back , Now I see the way , I found myself through all the pain , Of the everydayIt all leads upLeads up to nowThe way I choose to live my life , Ive been up and Ive been 
Everything around me seems so much different than where I'm from , And at this rate I think my fate's been sealed , This life's so unpredictable , We'll go , continue to live a life that no one knows , Where's this gonna go ? Right here , right now , This is the beginni 
As I live and breathe , I am watching , watching a world die , We greet this with apathy , With empathy , No longer ! If we cant break the silence[How can we survive ? ]Search inside yourself[know that you're alive . ] We must break the silence now we are alive . Silent : N 
Help me < PROPFEMALE > on , Assure me it's ok to use my heart and not my eyes , To navigate the darkness , So when and how will I know ? How much further do I have to go ? How much longer until I finally know ? Because I'm looking and I just can't see what's in front of 
So run like hell , Sleep with one eye open , You can forgive or forget , You will tell everyone the damage done , Too bad you can't stop me , You can't stop me now , I'll be there just to watch you fall , So don't push me , I've got nothing to lose , Don't blink , 
They told me how I should be , ut I broke the mold somehow , t's too late , too late , you keep trying to resolve the past right now , t I swear I'll be the one , To let the world know what you've done , To me . you know you gotta assert yourself , leave what you need for 
Throw your dollar bills and leave your thrills all here with me , And speak , but don't pretend I won't defend you anymore you see , It aches in every bone , I'll die alone , but not for you , My eyes don't need to see that ugly thing , I know it's me you fear , 
i will never falter , i'll stand my ground , you're a fake , a worthless coward , you're life wont mean anything , lets set things straight , what's done is done , i never needed you , tell me exactly who you think that you're kidding ? everyone will be happy when they fin 
Wise men can see the difference in compromise , And laying down ones beliefs , There shall be wisdom in my beliefs , They shall be rooted in strength not failure , With lies on your tongue seek to deceive , You've fallen victim to the human condition , And it's lead 
Why dont u let me be , Leave me alone , u start a fire inside that I could never control , u wanna see a reaction , Come on and cut me down , Youve gone as far as Ill go , Now ur crossing the line , And I am letting u know , Well heres ur reaction , Stand up , I have had eno 
Couldnt find any good lyrics to post .... Hmmm ...... 
I've been up and I've been down , I lost my way and , Nothing seems right today , Nothing will go my way , I pick myself up off the ground , And find my way , Wish something would change today , Wish somehow I'd find my way , What more can I say , My life's been stuck in d 
It's not that complicated and you ain't gotta believe , They'll put me down in a hole before I let you succeed , I've never been complacent , I can't afford to be , I know you think you're special but you ain't nothin , Can you read between the lines ? Or are you stu 
They dedicate their lives , To RUNNING all of his , He tries to please THEM all , This bitter man he is , Throughout his life the same , He's battled constantly , This fight he cannot win , A tired man they see no longer cares , The old man then prepares , To die regretful 
Lashing out the action , returning the reaction , Weak are ripped and torn away , Hypnotizing power , crushing all that cower , Battery is here to stay , Smashing through the boundaries , lunacy has found me , cannot stop the Battery , Pounding out aggression , turns into ob 
Now hold this tight , Don't let go , No burden , I can't forget the past is real , No longer fight this feeling , No burden , I can't erase what you've become this time , True to this cause I hunger , I count the days that pass me by , I'll do what I know is right 
I've created a monster , I got a side of me that no one should see , So quit stalling , pack your bags , keep walking away , Your life leads to destruction , We're not the same , I've struggled too long to sit back and let you take this from me , We're not the same , I hav 
Well I've never been proud of my mistakes , But I'm proud of who I am today , You're still looking down on me , ' Cause I wear my heart on my sleeve , And I've done some bad I must admit , There is some truth to what you think , But lets not judge me just yet'Cause I'm not finished this life , And only God can judge me ! Your words to me are shallow , Theyre just like you , I rise above you ! 
You try so hard to bring me down , You can't break the broken , You still don't seem to understand , It's your turn to see just , How it feels to be me , How it feels to be knocked down , And you're here now feeling the pain Of a thousand hearts , been to hell and back again , You can't take this , Remember , This feeling , How it feels to be alive , Now you see me through my eyes 
I feel insane ! 
Intoxicated eyes , no longer live that life , You should have learned by now , I'll burn this whole world down , I need some peace of mind , no fear of what's behind , You think you've won this fight , you've only lost your mind , You had to have it all , well have you had enough ? You greedy little bastard , you will get what you deserve , When all is said and done , I will be the one , To leave you in your misery and hate 
They've got me on the outside , looking in , But I can't see at all , With the weight of the world on my shoulders , They just wanna see me fall , Have faith in me , I said I'd never let you go , and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If you didn't have this < PROPMALE > then I never did , You'll always find me right there , again 
Wise men can see the difference in compromise , And laying down ones beliefs , There shall be wisdom in my beliefs , They shall be rooted in strength not failure , With lies on your tongue seek to deceive , You've fallen victim to the human condition , And ... it's lead to your defeat , I am not the weak willed , Nor am I a fool who can not see , I am not the weak willed , I will not let pride destroy me ! Read More 
I tried to be perfect , It just wasn't worth it , Nothing could ever be so wrong . It’s hard to believe me , It never gets easy , I guess I knew that all along . If you believe it’s in my soul , I’d say all the words that I know , Just to see if it would show , That I'm trying to let you know , That I’m better off on my own . 
a free lesson on growing up make the best of their worst and never compromise what you feel is right i make a point to be powerful when i speak be the one that gives them nightmares when they sleep never back down from anyone i watched the weight of your world cave in to crush you 
Rise , fall , down , rise again , What don't kill you make you more strong , Rise , fall , down , rise again , What don't kill you make you more strong , Through black days , Through black nights , Through pitch black insights , Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming , Show your scars , Cutting your feet on the hard earth running , Show your scars , Breaking your life , Broken , beat and scarred , But we die hard ! 
To the haters , the takers , the liars , all the vultures and the bottom feeding scum , The FCC , the FBI and every tin god with a badge and a gun , You talk and talk , you preach and bitch but your words don't mean a thing , You get what you give , you give what you get , Just the way it's always been , I choose death before dishonor , I'd rather die than live down on my knees , Bury me like a soldier , with my dignity ! 
When I die , will they remember not , What I did , but what I haven't done ? It's not the end that I fear with each breath , It's life that scares me to death . When we built these dreams on sand , How they all slipped through our hands , This might be our only chance , Let's take this one day at a time , I'll hold your hand if you hold mine , The time that we kill keeps us alive . 
My skins all inside out , I come off as indifferent I would say what it’s about but you know anyway My heart is on my sleeve , Dissected but still breathing A silent scream it seems is my demise because My scars are written all over me , you see through everything I am It’s all because my scars are written all over me , one secrets all that I have left It’s all because of you ! 
I wont waste a moment thinking these thoughts , Forgetting comes easy , I never cared at all , Hurt became hate now Im feeling the strain , Theres just to much pain , Falling to pieces get swept away , Left all our pictures some to fade , I wont break this silence weve shared for so long , I will be strong , What could you possibly want from me , Cant you see Im already gone , Everything we thought wed be , I still dont feel sorry this loss 
Hey Hey Hey , Here I go now , Here I go into new days , Hey Hey Hey , Here I go now , Here I go into new days , I'm pain , I'm hope , I'm suffer , Yeah Hey Hey Hey Yeah Yeah , Here I go into new days , Do you bury me when I'm gone , Do you teach me while I'm here , Just as soon as I belong , Then it's time I disappear HA !!! 
Hope and pray that you'll never need me , But rest assured I will not let you down . I'll walk beside you but you may not see me , The strongest among you may not wear a crown . On that day when you need your brothers and sisters to care , I'll be right here ! On that day when you don't have the strength for the burden you bear , I'll be right here ! 
Power un-restrained dead on the mark , Is what we will deliver tonight , deliver tonight , Pleasure fused with pain this triumph of the soul , will make you shiver tonight , will make you shiver tonight , yeah , People can no longer cover their eyes , If this disturbs you then walk away , You will remember the night you were struck by the sight of , Ten Thousand fists in the air ! 
I have suffered defeat , pain , loss , still I push to the edge , never falter . For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master . I will not relent , no , no , never suffer defeat , never falter For this cements my beliefs , I will not choke on failure . I am a mortal man , but I'm not falling I'm not broken yet . I am a mortal man , but I'll hold tight to my beliefs now 
Watch the end from dying eyes , now the dark is taking over , Show me where forever dies , Take the fall and run to heaven , All is lost again but I’m not giving in , I will not bow , I will not break , I will shove the world away , I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away , And I’ll survive , paranoid I have lost the will to change , And I am not proud , cold blooded fate , I will shove the world away 
Next chapter of my life is filled with violent scenes I stay awake at night hiding from my dreams The voices haunting me , driving me insane Can't seem to get away , they're calling out my name I feel that I am slipping Are they out to get me My life is upside down More than meets the eye ! 
To the masses we mean nothing , but it starts in the hearts of the few Witness the birth of a people , Unite , Renew There is no forever just today . Dont let your sacrifice waste away Through change came purity , turn the shadows to light Buried beneath the ashes is a passion for life There is no forever just today . Dont let your sacrifice waste away Let there be no more of this bloodshed ! 
As if this could change us , Our roots are deeper than that , Born and bred the master of ourselves , And of our hearts , Take the best of me and , Watch my world fall apart , Still I remain steadfast in my heart , Walk a darkened road and , We will be our own light , Our foundation our core is strong , Stand for what's right ! 
When I turn inward , and look for strength within my self , and demonstrations of courage are the result , if inspiration is wholly shared then more is the gain , then I will follow the selfless actions displayed , Its been so long since I could say , Ive needed anything stronger , We cant be wrong when we have ties that bind us , if I rely and I know the strength , in those who taught me of the power in the ties that bind ! 
Oh how can we know ? You and I both dont , So lets make this boatload of excuses burn and sink , One day it all comes down to this , u can sink or swim , u can hit or miss , One day it all comes down , One day we all come down , I'll take my heart back and set the people free , I'll leave the dead to die and take who's coming with me ! 
9 out of ten metal heads beat the shit out of that other guy ... for using lol in a sentance 
I found a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , an infallible reason to live all by itself , i took one last look from the heights that i once loved ... and then i ran like hell 
You'll get what's coming to you , You're blinded by your instincts , I'm not your fucking game , I'm not so easily beat , I'm looking down at this mess that you've made , and I can't believe that I stayed , So unhappy for so long , Where did I go wrong ? I've got to get out of this , my hand is on the handle , We're leaving everything behind , Goodbye for a lifetime 
Im looking down at this mess that uve made , and I cant believe that I stayed , So unhappy for so long , Where did I go wrong ? Ive got to get out of this , my hand is on the handle , We're leaving everything behind , Goodbye for a lifetime , Try to pretend that I never even knew your name , cause everything u are disgusts me , ( Too bad I cant turn back time)So I wouldnt be here , what Id give for you to disappear 
As i satnd here , burning bridges , i wonder ... why i built them in the first place ? 
Am I evil ? Yes I am ! 
so now youll know exactly what it feels like , to be an obstacle in my way , u wont remain , lets set things straight , what's done is done , i never needed u , tell me exactly who you think that youre kidding ? everyone will be happy when they find that youre missing , you asked if we'd ever forget u , we've got our fingers crossed , our fingers crossed!There's a danger in starting a fire , you'll never know how many bridges you'll burn ! 
Everyday you live , you gotta fight , You got to stand your ground , If you want it you got to rise and take it , Got to wake up , you know you can't contain this , Stand for something , Or you'll fall for anything , If you want it you got to fight for it , Wake up you'll never contain it , Stand for something , Or you'll fall for anything ! 
So run like hell , sleep with one eye open , You can forgive or forget , You will tell everyone the damage done , Too bad you can't stop me , You can't stop me now , I'll be there just to watch you fall , So don't push me , I've got nothing to lose , Don't blink , They won't even miss you at all , And don't think , That i'll always be gone , you know igot you like a puppet in the palm of my hand , dont you let me down ! 
Just opened a fortune cookie : You will have good fortune in love ...... Ha yeah right , and republicans will stop hating obama , this aint gonna happen 
Together we all fall , Just as long we get up we'll stand tall , We shouldnt waste another day , Thinking bout the things that we forgot to say , I won't waste another day , With all these silly things in my brain , Theres no giving up now , Do you really want to give this all away ? Cant you ever see things in a different way ? No giving up now , Such a beautiful thing to throw away , You should think things through , Over and over again 
Watchin an awsome movie ! Bleach : Fade to Black 
We are not prisoners of fate , but only prisoners of our own minds 
Life too short to sit around feeling sorry for yourself , its stupid . If you don't like your life , do everything in your power to change it . 
Oh boy , this weekend is gonna be eventful .... sigh , and not in a good way ... 
ha .... haha ... HaHaHa ... HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!! Im laughing for a reason I dont know .. maybe its because I finaly feel like myself again ... I just burned a bridge , and I know i will never need or want to cross it again , And Im damn happy about it ... The cost of this action , I wont know till its already taken , but this is worth any cost . This burden lifted , Ive steeled myself for the coming storm , but I know I'll be fine at the end . 
Finally see what's beneath , Everything I am and hope to be , Cannot be lost . I'll be dammed fighting you , You're impossible , impossible , Say goodbye with no sympathy ! 
You wont break me , no matter how hard you try , you cant shake me down , im Fucking bulletproof ! 
Im growing so disturbed , nothing makes sense to me anymore , im learning to resist , im becoming more than you ever were ! Cant explain , whats come over me , cant explain , why its so hard for me , so hard to see your side ! 
Cleverbot.com, go here and talk to an < PROPFEMALE > . He's quite interesting 
Guess what ? Where the wild things are , not only a childrens book and movue . Its alos a song by Metallica . Just thought id share that fun fact 
This aint a test , f**k the rest , Time to set the record straight , Talking s**t behind my back , dare you say it to my face ? I've heard the words roll out your lips , You little trendy f**kin ' bitch ! The time has come to get you some , cause I just do not give a s**t , Do you take me for a fool !? How's it feel to be a tool !? See to me you're just a cancer ! Motherf**ker ! War is the Answer ! 
* Facepalm * 
I am a mortal man But I'm not fallen , I'm not broken yet I am a mortal man But I hold tight to my beliefs now I have suffered defeat , pain , loss Still I push to the edge , never falter For this cements my beliefs I'll remain my own master I will not relent no no Never suffer defeat , never falter For this cements my beliefs I will not choke on failure 
C'mon , shoot me again , I aint dead yet 
Out of my way , Out of my day , Out of your mind and into mine , It's no more , It's not born , Into your step but out of time , Head strong , What's wrong , I've already heard this song before , You've arrived , but now it's time to kiss your ass good-bye , Dragging me downWhile you were round , So useless , It ain't my fault , It ain't my call , It ain't my bitch ! 
If you don't stand for something , you'll fall for anything 
This burning passion , it fills me with desire , And drives me and it drives my cause , I'm filled with reasons my reasons drive me further , Disdain for disbelief will stay the course , Oh ! let the fire consume me , Let the fire burn , Let the courage flow through me , Let the fire burn , I pound the walls , I shake the cage , I will not fall , I will not fail ! 
After all this time , I stand by u , Through all of the years , Ive been with u , Through pain and affliction , With every addiction , I will never let u down , I will live by this code , Never surrender , Through the eye , Of the storm , u are never alone , Even through the shadows , u are never alone , After all this time , Still u struggle , Even words of love , Ring so hollow , I have no regrets , I have no remorse , And if u falter , I wont let you down 
I won't go away , Right here I'll stay , Stand silent in flames , Stand tall ' till it fades 
* sigh * And so it begins again ... I thoiught it was over , but it seems as thought it will never go away .... This truely is a vicious cycle ... 
In the end , it'll be okay , and if it's not okay , then it's not the end . 
So you found out today your lifes not the same , Not quite as perfect as it was yesterday , When you were just getting in the groove , Now youre faced with something new , I know it hurts and I know you feel torn , But you never gave up this easily before , So why do you choose today to give it all away ? 
There's a face that we hideTill the nighttime appears , And what's hiding inside , Behind all of our fears , Is our true self , Every day , eople , Like to add a coat of paint , And be what they aint ! Thats how our little Game is played , Livin like a masquerade , a bizarre charade , hile playing the saint ! But theres one thing I know , And I know it for sure : This diseaseHas got no ready cure ! Life is terribly hard , When your lifes a façade ! 
Have faith in me , I said I'd never let you go and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If you didn't have a < PROPMALE > then I never did , You'll always find me right here again . 
No more , are the days that I will fear for I hav found a strength that NONE can match , and I'll push forward , Because I believe , that I am not alone 
Should I Change my profile picture , and if so , what should i change it to ? ( Not a pic of me ) 
Im feelin incvincible tonight , Im alive take a look into my eyes , this time Im gonna take you for a ride , Im Invincible tonight !!!!! 
What do you think of my new profile picture ? 
Peoples , I am dissapoint 
Heed my cry ! because of greed and hatred , to dust we return , They will fear the strength in our numbers , only then will the self-righteous learn , To the masses we mean nothing , but it starts in the hearts of a few , Witness the birth of a people , There is no forever just today , Dont let your sacrifice waste away , Through change comes purity , turn the shadows to light , Buried beneath the ashes is a passion for life 
What would life be without the courage to attempt anything ? 
I have suffered defeat ! pain ! loss ! still I push to the edge , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master , I will not relent , no ! no ! never suffer defeat , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I will not choke on failure ! I am a mortal man , but I'm not falling I'm not broken yet , I am a mortal man , but I'll hold tight to my beliefs now . 
If ever theres a day when you find your burden is to much for you to < PROPFEMALE > , find me , and I'll take some of it for you . I'll take the weigt of the world on my shoulders before I give up oon someone I care about 
I feel indesructable right now , dont know why , but i feel like I could fist fight a bear right now ... and Im lovin every second of it ! 
another day , another vendetta 
You wanna disrespect me , you little fuckin ' punk ? Everything I've done ? And who I am ? As far as I've fuckin ' come ? I'll punch you so fuckin ' hard , It'll feel like you kissed a freight train ! Fuck you ! Do you take me for a fool !? How's it feel to be a tool !? Talking shit behind my back ... See to me you're just a cancer ! The time has come to get you some Motherfucker ! War is the Answer ! 
Bow down ! Sell your soul to me ! I will set you free , pacify your demons , Bow Down ! Surrender unto me , submit infectiously , sanctify your demons ! Into Abyss ! You dont exsist ! Cannot resist , the judas kiss ! Judas lips recite this vow , I've become your new god now ! 
I wanna crush it , break it , smash it , Fuckin ' kill ' em all ! Laugh as it falls away , I won't dodge another silver bullet , Just to save a little face 
Take a look around at the sea of masks , come one come all , welcome to the grand ball , Where the strong run for cover and the weak stand tall , I'm not one to scatter ashes , But there's some things that melt the plastic , Try and dig down deeper if you can , I'm not afraid , I'm not ashamed , I'm not to blame , Welcome to the masquerade , I'm not ashamed , I'm not afraid , I'm not okay , Welcome to the masquerade 
Break the silence , Wake the dead ! 
If I hit a child with a bottle of Johnsons No More Tears shampoo , would it make beautiful irony ? 
Im a jinx , a curse , some say the worst , Im a savage rabid beast ! Ive been called so many fuckin things , dont affect me in the least ! 
Driving the highway with nothing to do , Future fading away , The stereo pumping Metallica tunes , Ride the lightning , The car might be stolen , my clothes smell like dirt , Play with fire , drunk in denial , Always in for a fight ! Ive been in the dark side of town They bring me in , They called me The Wild Rover of Hell , Im fighting for nickels and Id die for the rules I always break , See the blood Ive split , Im still the haunted 
And just as soon as I belong , then its time I dissapear 
As I look in the mirror to see my face clearer , reflections of shame staring back at me , I choke on my wretchedness , the monster builds up inside me . 
I HATE IT ! CANT TAKE IT !! WANNA BREAK YOUR FUCKIN BONES ! NO MERCY ! YOU FAGGOT ! SHOULDVE LEFT IT ALL ALONE ! 
In one corner , me . The other corner , the world .... and I aint so easily beat ! 
Life for you has been less than kind ? Well , take a number and stand in line ! All everyone ever seems to do is bitch and complain , why not try doing something about it instead ? Your life aint tat bad , trust me , it could be a whole lot fuckin worse 
they dedicate their lives to running all of his , he tries to please them all , this bitter man he is throughout his life the same , he's battled constantly this fight he cannot win , a tired man they see no longer cares , the old man then prepares to die regretfully , that old man here is me 
Do you take me for a fool !?! Hows it feel to be a tool !?! See to me your just a cancer ! Motherfucker ! War is the answer ! 
Falling is easy , It's getting back up that becomes the problem . And if you dont think you can find a way up , you've become the problem . 
Fire your guns , It's time to roll , Blow me away , After the fall , We'll shake it off , Show me the way . Only the strongest will survive , Lead me to heaven when we die , I am a shadow on the wall , I'll be the one to save us all ! 
No time to post lyrics ... sooooo ....... i actually have to say something ..... Hi 
So I woke up in a bush , coverd in blood and mud , holding a highheel shoe .... did i eat a stripper ? Jeaggermeister 
The time has come for us to rise against our fear and lead a world that hides in shame , I hope we’ll rise at the < PROPMALE > to live again , The pain that dwells inside has run its roots far too deep , We cower at the < PROPMALE > to truly live because we chose to hide behind suffering , If we fight against our emptiness and battle through our many losses , We will have the < PROPMALE > to breathe again in a world that tells us we are nothing 
Wet with your blood , I sharpen my sword , no turning the other cheek like a coward , come tommorrow I may lay down and die , but not this day ! This Day I Fight !!!! 
\Better to die for the truth then live for a lie\ " - < PROPMALE > Juston Gardner " 
I'm awake I'm alive , Now I know what I believe inside , Now it's my time , I'll do what I want ' cause this is my life , here , right now , I'll stand my ground and never back down , I know what I believe inside , I'm awake and I'm alive ! 
A company , Always on the run , A < PROPFEMALE > , Its the rising sun , I was born , A shotgun in my hands , Behind the gun , I'll make my final stand , And that's why they call me , Bad Company , I can't deny , Bad Bad Company till the day I die , Until the day I die ! Eye for an eye , Toth for a tooth , blood for blood , we all gotta die sometime 
I burn it down ! Just to watch it go , I burn it down ! So everybody knows , I burn it down ! Just to see it go , I burn it down ! I hate it to the core ! 
Munchmunchmunchmunch .... 
Somewhere beyond happiness and sadness , I need to calculate , What creates my own madness , And I'm addicted to your punishment , And you're the master , And I am craving this disaster ! I feel irrational , So confrontational , To tell the truth I am , Getting away with murder , It isn't possible , To never tell the truth , But the reality is I'm getting away with murder 
Eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth , Blood for blood , We've all gotta die sometime , We've all gotta die ... 
I'll be sorry , so youve said .... Im not sorry , Bang your dead ! 
Its kind of hard to take anything i post seriously while my pic is a munchlax isnt it ? Imma fix that ... 
Am I Evil ? Yes I Fucking am ! 
I've done some bad , I must admit , but lets not judge me just just yet , Cuz Im not finished with this life . And only God can judge me ! 
This is the price I've paid , And it's taken it's toll , Can it be too much to ask , For the time it stole , Empty faces , empty eyes , Are staring right through me , No regrets but I still ask why , Take me away , to a peace I've never known , Take me away , where my life can be my own 
Don't give a fuck and don't think I ever will , For the prim and the proper it's a shallow jagged pill , Don't really care if you like me , I just hold up my drink and get my HELLYEAH ! So point your fingers and throw your stones , I'll be smokin ' and drinkin ' and breaking fucking bones , To all you fuckin ' people thinking you're better than me , I hold up my middle finger and give my hellyeah ! 
Political correctness can go screw itself , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Ive got a bullet with your name on it , and Im gonna keep firing till I figure out wich one it is ! 
This is not a one way road , You’re headed for the dead end ! You might think you’re everything to everyone , Well pardon me if I intrude , You’re not a perfect person in a perfect world , Look at where your ignorance has brought you , All this will be buried , Like the fall of Rome , you will come crashing down 
You dont have to believe in yourself , just believe in me who believes in you ! 
Some times the things get so faded , How is it that you can't see , Sometimes life seems overrated , Makes my heart slowly bleed , How do I undo what's done !?! 
My brain is on fire , with the feeling to kill , And it will not go away , until my dreams are fulfilled , There is only one thing on my mind , Don't try running away , `cause you're the one I will find , Running , On my way , Hiding , You will pay Dying , One thousand deaths , Searching , Seek and Destroy ! 
Lets set one thing straight , you cant mess with me all you want , but as soon as you screw around with the ones I care about , I will destroy you 
Theres too many men , too many people , Making too many problems , And theres not much love to go round , Cant you see this is a land of confusion ? Now , this is the world we live in , And these are the hands we're given , Use them and lets start trying , To make it a place worth fighting for , This is the world we live in , And these are the names we're given , Stand up and lets start showing , Just where our lives are going to 
Ignorance truely is bliss ... 
I run but the chains Pull me right back to the floor , You control , I rattle the cage , I won't be your slave anymore ! You broke me into pieces , Don't tell me what to be , Damn you all ! I'm gonna find my way ! 
I dont win because Im the biggest , fastest or strongest . I win because I have something worth fighting for . 
All I want is a place to call my own and to mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone . 
Now hold this tight , Don't let go , No burden , I can't forget the past is real , No longer fight this feeling , No burden , I can't erase what you've become this time , And I cast doubt no longer , And I am able , I am strong , And now it dwells in me , True to this cause I hunger , I count the days that pass me by , I'll do what I know is right , No failure shall befall me this time I cast doubt aside 
There's no givin up now , Do you really want to give this all away , Can't you ever see things in a different way , No giving up now , Such a beautiful thing to throw away , You should think things through All over again 
No more are the days that I will fear for I have found a strength that none can match and I'll push forwrd , Now I feel the passion burning , This what drives me further strengthens my resolve to push me further ! 
The deeper you get , the farther you fall down , The closer I get , the more you dissolve , You're lost inside , your pale addictions , Bury you , with the demons in the ash , Can't heal you , don't want to , cause you can't save your-fuckin'-self! Can't heal you , don't need to , cause you won't save yourself ! You are the one who made the decision , stuck in a prison , shattered and broken 
I really wanna bash someones face in with a tire iron right now 
All within my hands , Squeeze it in , crush it down , All with my hands , Hold it dear , hold it suffocate , Hate me now , Kill all within my hands , Hate me now , Crush all within my hands , Squeeze all within my hands , Choke all within my hands , Hate me now , Trap all within my hands , Hurry up and hate me now , Kill all within my hands 
I'm not like you , I'm not like them , I won't pretend , Cause I am what I am , Sometimes I wish that we Could agree to disagree , Sometimes I wish that you could see what I see , This is who I am , I've always been , And I don't think you'll ever understand , Fuck you I am what I am 
Crawl from the wreckage one more time , Horrific memory twists the mind , Dark , rugged , cold and hard to turn , Path of destruction , feel it burn , Still life , Incarnation , Still life , Infamy , Hallucination , Heresy , Still you run , what's to come ? What's today ? 
Projecting all my anger , I cant seem to get this through to you , The walls are closing in , I dare you too walk in my shoes ! 
The thing I treasure most in life cannot be taken away , There will never be a reason why I will surrender to your advice , To change myself , I'd rather die , Though they will not understand , I will make the greatest sacrifice , You can't predict where the outcome lies , You'll never take me alive , I'm alive 
“Don't walk in front of me ; I may not follow . Don't walk behind me ; I may not lead . Just walk beside me and be my friend . ” 
Am I the only person whose ever fixed thier glasses with a hotglue gun ? 
Hit dirt , shake tree , Split sky , part sea , Strip smile , lose cool , Bleed the day and break the rule , Live to win , dare to fail , Eat the dirt and bite the nail , Then make me miss you , So wash your face away with dirt , It don't feel good until it hurts , So take this world and shake it , Come carpe diem baby 
Get busy livin or get busy dyin 
NO ONE GET'S LEFT BEHIND , ANOTHER FALLEN SOUL !! NO ONE GETS LEFT BEHIND , ANOTHER BROKEN HOME !! NO ONE GETS LEFT BEHIND , WE STAND AND FIGHT TOGETHER !! NO ONE GETS LEFT BEHIND , OR WE ALL DIE ALONE !! 
Before your reborn , you must die 
Debating whether or not i care if piss alot of people off ..... 
Fuck the norm , I can't understand , Live my life , by the rules of no one , I am me , that can't be wrong , I do what I do , when I do , that's how I like it , Conformity , amputate my soul , Made of stone , smashed the mold , Indifferent , so fuck you all that , Whine , bitch , nag , complain , cry 
I found out i have 4 emotions . Happy , Content , Angry , and Angry-er 
I am not the weak willed , nor am i a fool who cannot see , i am not the weak willed , i will not let pride destroy me ! 
* headwall * 
You reap what you've sown , then come back to life , Reap wat you've sown , Give blood to the scythe 
Rofl !!!! Yes !!!!! I now have 2 Facebook accounts !!!! 
Bucket List : #1 : Save a life #2 : Change a life #3 : Live my life 
Only you and you alone choose your path in life , You better fight cause there's nowhere to hide , No escape and nowhere to run , No turning back now cause your time has , Time has come for you to BURN ! The time has come for you To burn everyone and everything that said you were nothing ! 
It seems like you're giving up on everything you've worked for , It's pulling you under , It's gripping around your throat , Life can be overwhelming , but don't turn your back on the strongest crutch you've ever had , They have always been there to brace your fall , Wave goodbye to the past , You've got your whole life to live , It's time to gain some ground . 
O ? o /¯¯/_ o___o ___ o___o ____o__ \\__\\¯¯o¯¯¯o¯¯¯¯¯¯o¯¯¯¯¯¯o 
O ? o /¯¯/_ o___o ___ o___o ____o__ \\__\\¯¯o¯¯¯o¯¯¯¯¯¯o¯¯¯¯¯¯o 
People say you cant live without love .... Really ? I cant live without oxygen ... and water . So have fun wiht your love , whle i breathe . 
For now I am in control , choosing my own fate , And now I sleep at night because I'm not afraid , My demons haunting me , I chased them all away , I've conquered all my fears , my < PROPFEMALE > awaits , More than meets the eye ! 
Im no longer slipping , No one will get in my way , No longer upsidedown , Turned my life around 
Freakin aweomse movie night . Zombieland is beast and all my friends are freaks !!! But hell ... so am I !!! 
Only the strongest will survive , lead me to heaven when we die , I am a shadow on the wall , I'll be the one to save us all ! 
Thats wy they call me ... Bad Company , I cant deny , Bad , bad company , till the day I die 
Im pain , Im hope , Im suffer 
ONE ! nothin wrong with me .... TWO ! nothin wrong with me ........ THREE ! nothin wrong with me ... FOUR ! nothin wrong with me ! ONE ! somthings got to give ..... TWO ! somethings got to give .... THREE ! somethings got to give ! NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
Can you feel it crush you ? Does it seem to bring the worst in you out ? There's no running away from these things that hold you down , Do they compicate you because they make you feel like this ? Of all the colors that you've shine this is surely not your best , But you should know these colors that you're shining are Surely not the best colors that you shine 
It choice , Not < PROPMALE > , that determines your destiney . 
I would rather hate myself for failing , then hate myslef for never having tried 
If i try to lose the game and lose , do i win the game ? 
Only when we are no longer afriad do we begin to live 
Today I'm speaking my mind , And if it kills me tonight , I will be ready to die A Hero's not afraid to give His life 
Wants to just walk outside and punch every single person he sees .... God why is eveyone so fucking miserable ? Why do they insist on making life complicated ? Why cant they just get over it ? And why is everyone so blind ? Why are we all so fuckin stupid !?! 
Have I got my Knives ? Check . Rope ? Check . Dagger ? Check . Chains ? Check . Locks ? Check . Laser Beams ? Check . Acid ? Check . Body Bag ? Check . Time to get shit done ! 
Goodnight all , may none of you die during your sleep . 
Mine are not the hands of cowards . These hands will not only touch the heavens , but tear thorugh them and anyone or anything that gets in my way ! 
I dont know how much I can take , these secret thoughts inside me wake , Ive lost what was within me ... Oh , sweet insanity ... 
Goodnight all . Hope zombies dont eat you in your sleep 
I'm sorry for the demon I've become , You should be sorry for the angel you are not , I apologise for crule things I did , But I don't regret one single word I said , Just walk away make it easy on yourself , Just walk away please relese me from this hell , Just walk away theres just nothing left to feel , Just walk away pretend that none of this is real 
This is your time to pay , This is your judgement day , I made a sacrifice , And now I get to take your life , I shoot without a gun , I'll take on anyone , It's really nothing new , It's just a thing I like to do , You better get ready to die , You better get ready to be killed , You better get ready to run , Cause here I come , You better get ready to die ! 
Oh NO !!!!!!!!! The water ! Its infected !!!! With FIRE !!!! 
Makin believe ... Its all I can do 
On that day when you need your brothers and sisters to care , I'll be right here ! On that day when you don't have the strength for the burden you bear , I'll be right here ! 
I am extremely tired , and extremly happy . I know why Im tired , but I have no idea why Im happy . * Shrug * 
Hmm ..... I find it odd that no real hard rock bands have played superbowl halftime shows ... This concerns me ... 
It is time to P-A-R-T-Why ? Cause I gotta ! 
See they try to bring the hammer down , No damn chains can hold me to the ground , Life is for my own to live my own way 
To whom it may concern : To all attending my birthday party , it has been reschedualed to Friday , Feb 19th at 5 30 pm 
A free lesson on growing up , make the best of their worst and never compromise what you feel is right , I make a point to be powerful when i speak , to be the one that gives them nightmares when they sleep , I never back down from anyone 
Since it is V day , i decided i'd post some lyrics that have something to do with the subject 
Don't suffocate day after day , It's building up , Cause when you're feeling weak , You know I'm strong enough 
Never again 
For now I am in control , choosing my own fate , And now I sleep at night because I'm not afraid , My demons haunting me , I chased them all away , I've conquered all my fears , my < PROPFEMALE > awaits , I'm no longer slipping , I'm not slipping away , No one's out to get me , No one will get in my way , No longer upside down , I've turned my life around , More than meets the eye 
We're getting older , I've started to fear for my life , is this the way that it should be ? this whole thing's riding on me , it's been a long road so far , with nowhere to turn , There's no looking back from here , no more dwelling on my fears , < PROPMALE > away , and I wish this didn't mean so much to me , To be a monument for the rest of them , < PROPMALE > away , and I wish this didn't mean so much to me 
All that you loved , all that you treasure , will pass with time , Blinded by the inability to see beyond flesh and blood , Shifting blame with a look in your eye , Insisting that a string tied to your limbs is what’s to blame , Suck it up and bite the bullet ! 
Look out at the darkness , and you will see , Just call my name and I'll be there , You cannot touch me , you would not dare , I am the chill that's in the air . And I try to get through to you , in my own special way , As the barriers crumble at the end of the day . 
My life is a book . Since the begining 2 things have been written . on the first < PROPFEMALE > , the fact that i was born , on the last < PROPFEMALE > , the fact that i will die . But the rest of the book ? Well Im the only one with the pen . People may come along and autograph my book , but the plot is soley mine to write . 
And I try to get through to you , in my own special way , As the barriers crumble at the end of the day . 
Frantick tick tick tick tick tock 
Love me , hate me , Isolate me everyday that I'm alive , Straight up mentally unstable , You don't have to like my life ! 
Do you now what it's like when You're not who you wanna be ? Do you know what it's like to Be your own worst enemy , Who sees the things in me I can't hide , Do you know what it's like to wanna surrender ? I don't wanna feel like this tomorrow ! I don't wanna live like this today ! Make me feel better , I wanna feel better , Stay with me here And never surrender . 
Life planned out before my birth , nothing could I say , had no < PROPMALE > to see myself , molded day by day , Looking back I realize , nothing have I done , left to die with only friend , Alone I clench my gun , I was born for dying 
I feel like i was just hit by a truck ... 
YO DAWG , I HERD YOU LEIK MUDKIPS , SO I PUT A MUDKIP IN A MUDKIP SO YOU CAN LEIK MUDKIPS WHILE YOU LEIK MUDKIPS 
You wanna disrespect me , you little fuckin ' punk ? Everything I've done ?, And who I am ? As far as I've fuckin ' come ? I'll punch u fuckin ' hard , It'll feel like you kissed a freight train . Fuck you ! Do you take me for a fool !? How's it feel to be a tool !? Talking shit behind my back . See to me youre just a cancer ! The time has come to get you some . Motherfucker ! War is the Answer ! 
Anyone remember the old Head-on commercial ? Well i dont need that crap . I have m own way to rid myself of headaches . Its called My Fist : Apply directly to people who annoy me . 
Every conquest , Filled with disappointments , Lacking any substance , Now your out of words , The lines are blurred , Your never gonna learn , So fill the empty space ! With another pretty face ! Skin Deep , Skin Deep , No one will ever be perfect in your eyes , Skin Deep , Skin Deep , Only scratching the surface for your prize ! 
Inside I'm a danger to myself , IM A DANGER TO MYSELF !! Inside I'm a prisoner of my own hell , MY OWN HELL !! Losing the battle I've waged on myself , LOCK ME UP AND TOSS THE KEY !! WHY WONT THEY LET ME BE , OH GOD MAKE IT STOP !! FIT ME FOR A STRAITJACKET !! PUT ME IN A PADDED CELL !! I'M A DANGER TO YOU ALL !! And I'm a danger to myself ... 
Another day in this carnival of souls , Another nights end , ends as quickly as it goes , The memories are shadows ; ink on the < PROPFEMALE > , And i can't seem to find my way home And it's almost like Your heaven's trying everything , Your heaven's trying everything To keep me out 
You've sunk lower than I've ever seen , and even though you deserved this , I tried to catch your fall , I've grown so tired of your childish threats , Know that I'll never run from anything ! Here's where we prove all your fairytales wrong , This all stops tonight , Or will you prove me wrong ? 
What am I thinking Why do kep putting myself through this . Because its what i do . So come on , bring all the pain , all the sadness , anger , hate And give it all to me . I can take it . I NEVER give up!It'll just be another obstacle for me to destroy ! This is my life , and I chose this broken path . I know the price i pay . The burden i carry . But Im not fallen , Im not broken yet . So bring it life , I can take anything you throw at me ! 
Tonight I dined in hell ! Tommorrow ... Im thinkin Arby's 
Cheating death ain't what it used to be , Agony is all that's left of me , Now go ... so far away Cause I can't bear this , Another day , I'll never join you there , I can't face this hell alone ! Spiraling through This Continuum ... Time has taken all I've known , Smothering the life I used to love In This Continuum 
Ich Vill 
Not falling victim to this monster thats inside of me , though I am fearful I will not prevent this tradgedy , My strengths been tested , I wear the scars that prove , still I believe that this calling will see me through . 
No more anguigh , I'll face my fears alone 
Evil is always possible and good is always diffucult 
Your time is running out , You're never gonna get it back , Make the most of every moment , Stop saving the best for last 
Im off to see < PROPFEMALE > . 
They've got me on the outside looking in , but i can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders , They just wanna see me fall ... Have faith in me . I said I'd never let you go and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If you didn't have a < PROPMALE > then I never did , You'll always find me right there again . 
Evil is always possible and goodness is eternally difficult . But since when do I take the easy way ? 
SHOW DOWN !! I ain't backing down from anybody , THROW DOWN !! if I don't get some space , BREAK DOWN !! not in this life or another , ITS A NIGHTMARE !! and it's not going away , All I wanted was your honesty , Something more than this , something more than me , Death can take me if I can't be free , I'm not like you , I'M A DYING BREED !! 
We're getting older , I've started to fear for my life , is this the way that it should be ? this whole thing's riding on me , it's been a long road so far , with nowhere to turn ,, There's no looking back from here , no more dwelling on my fears , < PROPMALE > away , and I wish this didn't mean so much to me , To be a monument for the rest of them 
Dont lose hope , hope is what we fight with when theres nothing else left ... and if we lose hope , we may as well have lost our souls . 
This is the price I've paid And it's taken it's toll , Can it be too much to ask For the time it stole ? Empty faces , empty eyes , Are staring right through me , No regrets but I still ask why , Take me away , to a peace I've never known , Take me away , where my life can be my own 
It seems like you're giving up on everything you've worked for , It's pulling you under , It's gripping around your throat , Life can be overwhelming , but don't turn your back on the strongest crutch you've ever had , They have always been there to brace your fall , Wave goodbye to the past , You've got your whole life to lead , It's time to gain some ground . 
Today I'm gonna try a little harder , Gonna make every minute last longer , Gonna learn to forgive and forget , Cause we don't have long , gonna make the most of it , Today I'm gonna love my enemies , Reach out to somebody who needs me , Make a change , make the world a better place , Cause tomorrow could be one day too late 
It's all so messed up and no one ever listens , Everyone's deranged , I'm just so fucked up and I'm never gonna change , Wanna lay it all to waste ! Their always say this , say that , Nothing that you want to , I don't want to live that way , Every < PROPMALE > they get their always , Shovin me aside , It's never enough , It's never enough , No matter what I say , It's never enough , No it's never enough , No matter who I try to be 
\I may not be smarter than a 5th grader but i can sure as hell beat the shit outta one\ " - < PROPFIRST > the Cable guy " 
The truth hurts , but denials what will kill you 
You can keep the fortune , and you can have the fame , You can have the shit you never will repay , You can't take my virtue , No , you can't take my pride , You can't take the anger building up inside , You wont break me , No matter how hard you try , You can't shake me down , I'm fucking bulletproof , All i learn - it's like poison , All i know - inside my vains , All i see - it's like venom , All i know - it's all that remains 
There are certain people I just wanna punch in the face . If you are reading this and you dont know any of the people i wanna punch , I got some bad news for you ... 
And shepherds we shall be , for thee my lord for thee . Power hath descended forth from thy hand , that our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out thy command . So we shall flow river forth to thee , and teeming with souls shall it ever be . In nomine patris , et filli , et spiritus sancti . 
Anyone else agree that my new profile pic looks like a skinnier me ? Thank you cartoonizer ! 
I don't understand why you don't like me , Why don't you like me ? Am I so diffrent from you ? Now does it scare you that I'm able to discern What to love and what to burn ? I'll add your fuel to the fire now , Stand back , take your hand back , Leave it and I might crack More than a smile or two you see , Don't judge what you don't understand , You can't deny what has been given to me 
When music is the weapon , the sickness is the cure 
For now I'm feelin fine , Left all the pain behind , It's time to live my life , I finally got it right 
Take back what was stolen , Reclaim all thats lost , With virtue , I will rise up from the ruins , Through adversity , there is redemption , With passion , fighting , I am unbroken ! The absence of fear , is the renewal of ourselves , The absence of doubt , breeds < PROPFEMALE > , If there is truth to face , I will design it , I will not be denied ! 
Believe me You've never met a mother fucker like me , Bet you've never seen the things that I've seen , Bottled up inside this time I'm taking back my life , I'm rising up , I've had enough , I'm feeling invincible tonight , I'm alive Take a look into my eyes , I'm invincible tonight ! 
... and the earth becomes my throne I adapt to the unknown under wandering stars I've grown by myself but not alone I ask no one ... and my ties are severed clean the less I have the more I gain off the beaten path I reign rover wanderer nomad vagabond call me what you will but I'll take my time anywhere I'm free to speak my mind anywhere and I'll never mind anywhere anywhere I may roam where I lay my head is home 
Rise , Throw away , The charade of your life , Let the flame of my heart , Burn away , Your complacence tonight , I command you to rise , Wash away , The decay of your life , Feel the light of your eyes , Find the way , Through the darkness tonight , Fearing no one 
Pull up a chair and sit on the floor , I'll tell you a story I've never heard before , One bright day in the middle of the night , Two dead men got up to fight , Back to back they faced eachother , < PROPFIRST > thier swords and shot eachother , A deaf policeman heard the noise , He came and shot those two dead boys , If you dont believe this lie is true , just ask the blind man he saw it too 
If your going through hell , KEEP GOING !!! And destroy all obstical in your way ! Dont give in , dont turn and run ! Neither will solve your troubles . And if you ever feel like you dont have the strength to get out of hell , then just call on me , and I'll help you through . I know my way quite well 
This world , this world is so cold , But you don't , you don't have to go , you're feeling sad you're feeling lonely , And no one seems to care , this pain you cannot bare , Your days you say they're way too long , And your nights you can't sleep at all , And you're not sure what you're looking for , 
Oh , fuck it all ! 
Let's all think back on what brought us here , This is my grasp on what is real , Don't tell me how I feel , With all that's passed I can't relate , With myself from day to day , why does everything seem so far away to me ? They said we'd walk away , You'll never make it if you can't speak for yourself , they said we'd fade away , But This man will stand the test of time 
What if we all had theme songs ? What do you think yours would be ? Mine seems to change day to day . Right now I think it'd be Turn the < PROPFEMALE > by Metallica . Whats your theme song for the day ? 
I will not give in to fascist beliefs and I am no fool , I will stand firm on my beliefs , Live life the master of my < PROPFEMALE > , No other way to live , I'm not the weak willed , Nor am I a fool who cant see , I am not the weak willed , I will not let pride destroy me , Wise men can see the difference in compromise , And laying down ones beliefs , There shall be wisdom in my beliefs , They shall be rooted in strength not failure ! 
The perfect killer has no friends ... only targets 
Having no fear does not mean your brave or couragous . It means your a fool . Having the ability to face your fear makes you is what makes you brave . Without fear we have no reason to contiue to make ourselves stronger . But dont hide from fear , dont let it be stronger than you . 
I'm growing so distant , Nothing makes sense to me anymore , I'm learning to resist , I'm Becoming more than you ever were , Projecting all my anger , I cant seem to get this through to you , The walls are closing in , I dare you to walk in my shoes ! 
I want to tear a big hole in what is to be , To end all this infatuation with unity , I'm seeking my salvation alone again , I never needed to be one of you anyway , Don't wanna be another player losing in this game , I'm trying to impress upon you We're not the same , My own individuality is so unique , I'm one impressive motherf**ker Now , wouldn't you say ? 
Break apart and Divide , Divide , Divide , Divide , You might say that I'm the last man standing now , Though you'll try , you'll never find a way to break me ! You might say that I'm sick of being lost in the crowd , I hear the sirens but they're never gonna take me ! 
This aint a test , fuck the rest , Time to set the record straight , Talking shit behind my back , dare you say it to my face ? I've heard the words roll out your lips , You little trendy fuckin ' bitch ! The time has come to get you some , cause I just do not give a shit ! Do you take me for a fool !? How's it feel to be a tool !? See to me you're just a cancer ! Motherfucker !, War is the Answer ! 
Remember and you might be welcomed Amongst the heartless monsters you surround yourself with , Feeding off the pain and misfortune of others , A maniacal unit of sub-human parasites Warped into a feeding frenzy at the smell of fresh blood , Open your eyes and see the creatures for what they are , A swirling mess of hatred and envy , Don't be naive enough to think you're unaffected The conversion has already begun ... 
Theme song for the day : Divide by Disturbed 
Break apart and divide 
You think you know me ? You don’t know shit ! I’ve seen the world through your eyes , And it makes me sick ! I question all of your answers , They’re fuckin ' lies ! I won’t conform to your system , I’d rather die ! I burn it down , Just to watch it go , I burn it down , So everybody knows , I burn it down , Just to see it go , I burn it down , I hate it to the core !! 
Will you take the stand amongst the dead ? Bury your fear , and hold fast to life , We will not die this way , this is absolution ! Death claims us no more , no more ! Do not grieve , end the suffering , We will live , live eternal , Anchor yourself to the foundation of everything you are , Believe you have just begun to live , Don't let the world deceive you 
I see so much corruption And it's hard to ignore , Living on greed and possessions , Is this what we're dying for ? Many are willing to only live for themselves , Turning away from morality , Nothing can save you now , This is < PROPFEMALE > , The choice is now defined , No more deception . 
Through adversity , there is redemption , with passion , fighting , I am unbroken 
I have suffered defeat , pain , loss , still I push to the edge , never falter . For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master . I will not relent , no , no , never suffer defeat , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I will not choke on failure . I am a mortal man , but I'm not falling I'm not broken yet . I am a mortal man , but I'll hold tight to my beliefs now ! 
Only 2 things on this earth can make me doubt myself , one is me ... and the other ... 
A computer beat me at chess ... but it was no match for me at kickboxing 
I know my limitations , I've learned from life , This great reward , Im honor bound , Not Sacrifrice , Not Price , I've found my inspiration , held in both hands , Im Fully whole , In trust and care , IM STRONGER !! We can push through , we are one in this , we are not ... Undone ... WE'RE NOT DONE UNDONE !! 
NO ONE GETS LEFT BEHIND !!!! 
Now I feel the passion burning , This what drives me further , Strengthens my resolve to push me further , No more are the days that I will Fear for I have found a strength that None can match and I'll push further , Now I feel the passion burning , This what drives me further Strengthens my resolve to push me further , An Im not alone , with a touch of your hand I am whole again , and I believe that I am not alone 
Confronting the reflection in the mirror to see the shadow of your own form 
It seems that tongiht is a night of sorrow for all my friends in some way or another . Im sorry , and know I pray for all of you . :) Goodnight 
An obvious disinterest , a barely managed smile , A deep nod in agreement , a status quo exile , I shirk my obligations , I miss all your deadlines , I excel at quitting early and fucking up my life , Life for you has been less than kind , So take a number stand in line , We've all been sorry , we've all been hurt , But how we survive is what makes us who we are 
I see my reflection in the window , It looks different , so different than what you see , Projecting judgment on the world , This house is clean baby , This house is clean , Am I who I think I am ? Look out my window and see it's gone wrong , Court is in session and I slam my gavel down , I'm judge and I'm jury and I'm executioner too , Projector , Protector , Rejector , Infector 
The man takes another bullet , He keeps them all within , He must seek no matter how it hurts , So he don't get fooled again , He thinks the answer is cold and in his hand , He takes his medicine , The man takes another bullet , He's been fooled again 
Slowly I watch the degradation of the civilization , The rise and fall of all we are , Stands before me , This place is evil , Is there an answer ? This world is vile , We are the answer , The cost of one life , The price of one soul , Is too much to bear , No more broken promises , Our shattered hearts will heal , No more broken promises , Contest the lies , We cannot be so blind , Hear their cries , Dont wait till daylight dies 
Thinkin of finding a way to make or buy or ask someone to make for me , a Tonberry costume for halloween/ A-kon . If anyone is will ing to help please contact me . Oh and if you dont know what a Tonberry is , its what Im changing my profile pic to . Check my albums 
I'm judge and I'm jury and I'm executioner too , Projector , Protector , Rejector , Infector , Court is in session , I slam my gavel down ! 
I'm living on the edge , Reality is teetering , My mind is on the brink , How will I face the day tomorrow If I can't make it through today ? I've got nothing left to lose but my sanity , And the right to go insane , I've got nothing left to lose but my mind , I've got nothing left to choose So I think I'll go insane 
\Rise and rise again 
All perched alone he sits there broken , A man with storm clouds setting in his eyes , He counts the sands of time remembering day's gone by , It seemed like yesterday before it washed away , Hey don't wait for me there , Just find your own way , Hey don't wait for me there , Cause I'll be there soon enough 
I just spent an hour on /b/ ... And i dont know if i lost all hope in humanity or gained respect for it .... Im scared ... 
I hate people . 
* Shuffle * 
Sigh , stuck sitting in the library till 7 30 ish .... so ... much ... boredom ... 
We're getting older , I've started to fear for my life , is this the way that it should be ? this whole thing's riding on me , It's been a long road so far with nowhere to turn , There's no looking back from here , no more dwelling on my fears , < PROPMALE > away , and I wish this didn't mean so much to me , To be a monument for the rest of them 
Ive read these stories a thousand times , and now Ill rewrite them all , Youre meddling in an anger you cant control , She means the world to me , so hold your serpent tongue , The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends , Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time ? 
Walking a fine line between wrong and right , And I know ... There is a part of me that I try to hide , But I can't win , And I can't fight , I keep holding on too tight , Running away from the world outside , Now I am calling , Hoping you'll hear me , We all need somebody , To believe in something , And I won't fear this , When I am falling , We all need somebody , That can mend ... These broken bones 
What I've felt , what I've known , Turn the pages , turn tostone . Behind the door , should I open it for you ? Yeah , What I've felt , what I known , Sick and tired I stand alone , Could you be here ' cause I am the one that waits for you ? Or are you unforgiven too ? 
Falling is easy , Its getting back up that becomes the problem , and if you dont think you can find your way up , then youve become the problem . 
Im a walking , talking contradiction . 
Welcome to where time stands still , no one leaves and no one will , < PROPFEMALE > is full , never seems to change , just labeled mentally deranged , Dream the same thing every night , I see our freedom in my sight , No locked doors , No windows barred , No things to make my brain seem scarred , Sleep my friend and you will see that dream is my reality , They keep me locked up in this cage can't they see it's why my brain says Rage ? 
Need more and more , Tainted misery , Bleed , battle scars , Chemical affinity , Reign , legacy , Innocence corrode , Stain , rot away , Catatonic overload , Choke , asphyxia , Snuff reality , Scorch , kill the light , Incinerate celebrity , Reaper , butchery , < PROPFEMALE > amputee , Bloodline redefined , Death , contagious deity 
I say I will never fall . I will never falter . I will NEVER give up . But I dont think anyone really believes me . Wel if you question my resolve , go ahead and test it . 
I will not return To the countless Mistakes of the past , I will not re-live The failures of The man i once was , Only through Dedication Will i destroy all preconception , Let this Be the day of My declaration , Join me , walk with me , Shatter the bonds that tie us to what we strive to never be 
Life is a book , with only 2 things writtenin , the first < PROPFEMALE > , you were born , the last you will die . But the rest of the book is empty , and its all up to you how it is written , for you are the one with the pen . Others may come along , firends and the like , and write a little , but in the end , all we can hope for is that our lives are good stories . 
I can't believe I'm all by myself , ripping away all that remains , pieces of me , they just fall away . As I fall , further away from myself , I seek the days that escape me ., I choke on the ones I'm left with , the monster's building inside me , Look into my eyes , do you see yourself ? The reflection I see everyday , I'd bury my hate , but the pain is killing me . 
As I look in the mirror to see my face clearer , reflections of shame stare back at me , I choke on my wretchedness , the monster builds up inside me , And I hate the way I feel , I pray the wounds will heal , Before the darkness , how long will this last ? I try , as i waste away with every waking moment of my life , To hide the monster that is building up inside , So blind , whats left of me ? 
Let's all think back on what brought us here , This is my grasp on what is real , Don't tell me how I feel , With all that's passed I can't relate , With myself from day to day , why does everything seem so far away to me ? We've all been down this path before , You're trapped in this town , And it wears you down , 
3 foot snake , in my front yard . killed with shovel . Tasted like chicken . 
A fork in the road . Both paths lead to alot of problems , alot of pain ... and i cant choose which to take ... To continue down the path Ive been on , or to split and leave it all behind ... 
Cheating death ain't what it used to be , Agony is all that's left of me , Now go ... so far away , Cause I can't bear this Another day , I'll never join you there , I can't face this hell alone , Spiraling through This Continuum , Time has taken all I've known , Smothering the life I used to love , And All I've got is time ... Spiraling through this continuum 
Its odd really , Ive been up all night thinking about where my life is going , and i just got the answer from a digital fortune cookie . I will continue down the path Ive chosne , Ive come this far , and Im not stopping now ! 
No more anguish , face my fears alone 
For fear my eyes are closed I shut this out no more , Embrace this and I become the catalyst , And now it swells in me , Smash all my defenses down , I'll take this , I'll let this fire consume me , I will not , I will not ! I will not fall , I will not fail ! I pound the walls , I shake the cage ! I will not fall , I will not fail Oh , let the fire consume me , Let the fire burn ! Let the courage flow through me , Let the fire burn ! 
Theres a fine line between the good and by guy so which one am I ? Millimeters away from bein lifeless , many < PROPMALE > away from bein rightous , I gotta fight this enemy within myself , i dont blame anyone else for the hand that im dealt 
For now I am in control , choosing my own fate , And now I sleep at night because I'm not afraid , My demons haunting me , I chased them all away , I've conquered all my fears , my < PROPFEMALE > awaits , I'm no longer slipping , I'm not slipping away , No one's out to get me , No one will get in my way , No longer upside down , I've turned my life around , More than meets the eye ! 
Tu madre es < PROPFEMALE > dama con clase 
Who's in charge of my head today ? Dancin devils in angels way , Its my time now , Look out motherfuckers here I come , Gonna make my head my home , The sons of bitches tried to take my head , Tried to make me someone else instead , Its my world , You can't have it ! I'm out of my head , out of my head , Get ' em out of my head , out of my head , Get ' em out , Not only do I not know the answer , I dont even know what the question is 
What does not kill me ... will only make me stronger ... so watch out ... cause at the end of all this shit ... I will be one strong S.O.B. !!! 
Watching once more as the world passes me by , Surrounded but still all alone , Am I living a lie ? Empty faces , empty eyes , Are staring right through me , No regrets but I still ask why , Take me away , to a peace I've never known , Where my life can be my own , This is the price I've paid And it's taken it's toll , Can it be too much to ask For the time it stole ? 
All the smiles you've had to fake And all the bullshit you've had to take , Just to lead us here again , I never have the things to say To make it all just go away , To make it all just disapear , It's my life , It's my choice , Hear my words , Hear my voice , So just believe , 
Im making a change in my life . Whether its right or wrong , I dont care .... Its something I must do 
Perpetual motion the image wont focus , A blur is all that's seen , But here in this moment like the eye of the storm It all came clear to me , I found a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , An infallible reason to live all by itself , I took one last look from the heights that I once loved ... And then I ran like hell 
Close Enough 
And you neglected I called you out don't please , I said we're stronger than this now , you resurrected mistakes years past it seemed and they exist to still haunt you , and still you feel like the loneliness is better replaced by this , I don't believe it this way and I can see the fear in your eyes , I've seen it materialize , Growing stronger each day 
Everything around me seems so much different from where I'm from And at this rate I think my fates been sealed , This hearts so unpredictable . Well go , continue to live a life that No one knows , Where's this gonna go ? Right here , right now , this is The beginning of , the end And I won't sing one single thing till we can get this right . I'm moving on . 
Do you bury me when I'm gone , Do you teach me while I'm here , Just as soon as I belong , Then it's time I disappear 
Time and time again I stand at a crossroad Where the weight of my burden Eclipses my resolve , This broken path Ive chosen , I walk it alone , Though I feel forgotten You carved my name in stone , This is a bloodoath , They mean nothing to me anymore , But your voice means more to me than youll ever know , Theres no question , Youre the answer , I will find you , In these desperate times , This I plead , When all else fails Remember me 
I turn around , there you are , A blink and a flash back to you again , You push me down tried to steal it all , This time I pushing back ! Don't even try your wasting time , Jump back I'll beat you down , turn around , I'm fighting my way through you , Push you away , I'll never break , Come back I'll beat you down It's over now , I'm turning my back on you ! 
Enemy , familiar friend , My beginning and my end , Knowing truth , whispering lies , And it hurts again . What I fear and what I try , Words I say and what I heard , All the pain , I want it to end , And it finds me , The fight inside is coarsing through my veins , And it's raging , The fight inside is breaking me again . It's still the same pursuing pain , Isn't worth the lie Ive gained . We both know how this will end , But I do it again . 
To use a saying my friend told me , Life is a bitch , but It makes one think that if it was easy , she'd be a whore 
You think you know me ? You don’t know shit ! I’ve seen the world through your eyes And it makes me sick , I question all of your answers , They’re fuckin ' lies , I won’t conform to your system , I’d rather die ! I burn it down Just to watch it go , I burn it down So everybody knows , I burn it down Just to see it go , I burn it down I hate it to the core ! 
I will not return To the countless Mistakes of the past , I will not re-live The failures of \ 
man i once was , Only through Dedication Will i destroy all preconception , No longer will \ 
I let myself Be truly satisfied with the standard , Let this Be the day of My declaration , Join me , walk with me , Shatter the bonds that tie us to what we strive to never be 
I am disenclined to aquiesce your request . 
Odd one , you're never alone , I'm here and I will reflect you , Both of us basically unattached To anything or anyone unless we're pretending , You live your life in your head , Some call it imagination , I'd rather focus instead on anything except What I'm feeling , Odd one ... Hey , it's gonna be okay , Hey , we're gonna laugh at this one day , Don't let someone tell you you're n o-o ne 
So a baby seal walks into a club 
Going to movies to see The A-team with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , etzel and < PROPFIRST > . To quote < PROPMALE > cook , its gonna be a blasty blast 
A company Always on the run , A < PROPFEMALE > , Its the rising sun , I was born A shotgun in my hands , Behind the gun I'll make my final stand , Rebel souls , Deserters we've been called , Chose a gun And threw away the sun And that's why they call me Bad Company , I can't deny , Bad Company till the day I die , Until the day I die , Eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth , Blood for blood , We've all gotta die 
Im at war with the world and they Try to pull me into the dark , I struggle to find my faith , Its getting harder to stay awake , And my strength is fading fast , You breathe into me at last , I'm awake I'm alive , Now I know what I believe inside , Now its my time , I'll do what I want cause this is my life , Right here right now I'll stand my ground and never back down , I know what I believe inside , Im awake and Im alive ! 
Theme song of the day : Divide by Disturbed 
Break apart and Divide , Divide , Divide , Divide , You might say that I'm the last man standing now and Though you'll try you'll never find a way to break me , You might say that I'm sick of being lost in the crowd , I hear the sirens but they're never gonna take me ! 
The time has come for me to burn everything and everyone who said I was nothing ! 
My brain s'ploded . Great . Now Im gonna be up all night moppin it up and taping it back together . 
Run to where the smallest < PROPFIRST > of light will never find you , Run to where you will not need to shield your eyes , Run away from all the soulless , heartless fiends who hound you , Run away and let your memories go blind , I will devour you , Take all the pain away , I cannot stay my hand From reaching out so that I can Empower you For all eternity , It seems to ease my mind To know that you've brought Meaning to my life 
I float to the surface , fill my lungs with air , then let it out So please believe your eyes , a sacrifice is not what we had in our minds , I'm coming home tonight , We give it all , now there's a reason why I sing , So give it all , and it's these reasons that belong to me , Today I offer all myself to this I'm living for my dying wish , I give it all , now there's a reason to give it all 
Walking a fine line between wrong and right And I know There is a part of me that I try to hide , But I can't win , And I can't fight , I keep holding on too tight , Running away from the world outside , Now I am calling Hoping you'll hear me , We all need somebody To believe in something , And I won't fear this When I am falling , We all need somebody That can mend ... These broken bones 
Luck . Runs . Out . Crawl from the wreckage one more time , Horrific memory twists the mind , Dark , rugged , cold and hard to turn , Path of destruction , feel it burn , Still life , Incarnation , Steal life , Infamy , Hallucination , Heresy , Still you run , what's to come ? What's today ? Cause I hunt you down without mercy , Hunt you down all nightmare long , Feel me breathe upon your face , Feel me shift , every move I trace 
How are an apple and banana alike , they're both red , except the banana 
Cant wake up in sweat , cause it aint over yet , Still dancing with your demons , Victim of your own creation , beyond the will to fight , Where all thats wrong is right , where hate dont need a reason , Love is self-assassination , You should have known the price of evil , And it hurts to know that you belong here , No one to call , everybody to fear , Your tragic fate is looking so clear , Ooooo its your f-ckin nightmare ha ha ha ha ! 
I have suffered defeat , pain , loss , still I push to the edge , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master , I will not relent , no , no ! never suffer defeat , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I will not choke on failure , I am a mortal man , \ 
but I'm not falling I'm not broken yet , I am a mortal man but I'll hold tight to my beliefs now 
Ever woken up , and it seemed like opening your eyes for the first time ? Like before you couldnt see , yet didnt realize until now . A day when you feel like anything is possible if you put your mind to it and go after it . That my friends , is the day you have gained hope . And one day , I hope , we can all feel like that everyday . 
This is our moment , Will you stand with me ? Hope is not lost , Let the strength of your words Be the spark that ignites the flame , Proclaim your freedom , Give voice to your liberation , This is my confession , < PROPFIRST > these words , we will rise , Weep no more , we will prevail , Grieve no more , we will prevail , Revoke the needless way of affliction , Revoke abandon , We are the authors , finishers of our faith , We are the solution 
Here's a free lesson on growing up , make the best of their worst and never compromise what you feel is right , I make a point to be powerful when i speak , to be the one that gives them nightmares when they sleepand I'll never back down from anyone 
You think you know me ? You don’t know shit ! I’ve seen the world through your eyes And it makes me sick , I question all of your answers , They’re fuckin ' lies , I won’t conform to your system . I’d rather die , I burn it down Just to watch it go , I burn it down So everybody knows , I burn it down Just to see it go , I burn it down , I hate it to the core !!! 
If it does not bring you joy , \ 
then why are you doing it ? \ 
- Archangel Zadkiel 
run before you walk . fly before you crawl . always attempt the impossible . failure is your friend , embrace it . if you don't fail you will never learn . 
I've created a monster , I got a side of me that no one should see , So quit stalling , pack your bags , keep walking away , Your life leads to destruction , We're not the same , I've struggled too long to sit back and let you take this from me , We're not the same , I have given everything ! It's like speaking in tongues To all of you now , When will we ever get what we deserve ? How long until the tables turn ? 
There's nothing left So save your breath , Lying awake , Caught inside this tidal wave , Your cover's blown , No where to go , Only your fate , Only I will walk away , Fire your guns , It's time to run , Blow me away , I will stay in the mess I made , After the fall , We'll shake it off , Show me the way , Only the strongest will survive , Lead me to heaven when we die , I am the shadow on the wall , I'll be the one to save us all ! 
trace the blood back to the grave , the smoke has cleared , thousands are destroyed , they send signals , no salvation , we fight in lock out , scope is ready to go , armed with explosives , spartans stand alone , we fight to live , we fight for pride , they really need to know , we won't back down the weak won't survive , we really gotta go 
We have to find a better way Out of this tragedy , As the battle rages onm Blood Strikes the clabbered hood , My ears they hurt like shit , Great soldiers are dying , What part is this alone , You Shoot , This War is Ours , Yes , I will see you through the smoke and flames , On the frontlines of war And I will stand my ground until the end , till I conquer them all 
How does paper beat Rock ?? Yeah , I'll go throw a rock at you and see what happens when you defend yourself with a piece of paper . 
I will not return To the countless Mistakes of the past , I will not re-live The failures of the man i once was , Only through Dedication Will i destroy all preconception , No longer will I let myself Be truly satisfied with the standard , Let this Be the day of My declaration , Join me , walk with me , Shatter the bonds that tie ... us to what we strive to never be 
I've done everything as you say , I've followed your rules without question , I thought it would help me see things clearly , But instead of helping me to see , I look around and it's like I'm blinded , I'm spinning out of control , I'm Out of control , Where should I go ? What should I do ? I don't understand what you want from me , Cause I don't know If I can trust you , I don't understand what you want from me !! 
Don't tell me I can not go , When the wound in me refuses to mend , Deliver me from all of this , it seems the whole experience is , Terrible and crippling , The pain is much more then Physical beyond belief , Typical enough for me And i burn inside in agony , What power will enable me To make this decision ? Despair is hauling over me , No way to hide the agony , Embracing my calamity , To save myself once and for all 
Lashing out the action , returning the reaction , Weak are ripped and torn away , Hypnotizing power , crushing all that cower , Battery is here to stay , Smashing through the boundaries , lunacy has found me , cannot stop the Battery , Pounding out aggression , turns into obsession , cannot kill the Battery , Cannot kill the family , Battery is found in me ! 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend or week ? 
Born to bleed , Fighting to succed , Built to endure what this world throws at me 
Through all the happiness and sorrow , I guess I'd do it all again , Live for today and not tomorrow , It's still the road that never ends , The wreckage of my past keeps haunting me , It just won't leave me alone , I still find it all a mystery , Could it be a dream ? The road to nowhere leads to me 
If slowpoke is a psychic pokemon , does that mean he can predict the present ? 
Hey , here's an idea , why dont you stop fucking complaining and do something about it ! 
This is not a one way road , You’re headed for the dead end , You might think you’re everything to everyone , Well pardon me if I intrude , You’re not a perfect person in a perfect world , Look at where your ignorance has brought you , All this will be buried , Like the fall of Rome , you will come crashing down , The truth hurts , but denial’s what will kill you , All that you loved , all that you treasure , will pass with time 
* skullwall * * headesk * * facepalm * 
Well fuck . Party is cancelled on account of no ones able to go . Someone needs to have a party soon . Im losing my mind being stuck in this house . 
As I live and breathe I am watching a world die , We greet this with apathy ... No longer , Consumed by self We walk through each day With no mind for deprivation And moral decay , We must destroy and rebuild , For the sake of all , If we cant break the silence How can we survive ? Search inside yourself , know that you're alive . We must break the silence , now we are alive , Silent : No longer . 
No one is savin this town , Fuck all those pricks and those clowns , You know I'd rather abuse , Condem or slightly confuse , Kick ' em all when their down And just for fun I'm gonna , Smash it up , burn it down Tear up the underground , I wanna live like a super villain , Back in the line up Before my times up , Iwanna live like a super villain 
When I die will you remember not what I did , but what I haven't done ? 
Get out of my way , There's nothing you can do to change what I say , I won't ever let go , I got the answer but you'll never know , I got my eyes open wide , Ain't gonna slip up or slide , Can't take me down , After all I'm still crazy , I'm not going away , I'm not going , Try so hard to break me but all your diamonds turn to sand , I'm not going away , I'm not going , Say goodbye forever , I'll wait for you in no man's land 
A Coward's heart , a serpent's tongue , Stand to face what you've outrun , Fear of death , fear of pain , Bound to all you took in vain , No more lies , no regrets , Sever ties and hollow debts , Open eyes , live to learn Or watch your blessed < PROPFEMALE > burn , Raise you glass to death , Not one second left , Wake the lifeless , die to fight this , Stand beside me . Storm the Gates of Hell !! Hell Hath No Fury At All . 
I can't show pain , Long for the days , When I am free to feel , Don't want to lose everything , Just want to feel again , My heart would burst for you If that would make things right , I don't feel anything Outside the pain you bring , Starting over doesn't look so bad this time , I am not empty inside , Though I long to make this right 
And I feel the pain still deeply , It seems sometimes too much to bear , But I have a core within me still , My strength is there , And I am still my own , And I can't be made less , I know who I am 
Full of fear , everclear , I'll be here , fighting forever , Curious , venomous , you'll find me , climbing to heaven , Nevermind , turn back time , you'll be fine , I'll get left behind , Show me what it's like to dream in black and white , so I can leave this world tonight , Holding on too tight , breathe the breath of life , It only hurts just once , they're only broken bones , hide the hate inside , So I can leave this world behind 
This is hardly worth fighting for , But its the little petty shit that I cant ignore , When my fist hits your face and your face hits the floor , Itll be a long time comin But you got the message now , Cause I was never goin , youre the one thats going down ! Its been a long time coming And the tables turned around Cause one of us is goin , Im not runnin , its a little different now , Cause one of us is going , ONE OF US IS GOIN DOWN ! 
Rock bottoms where I live , and still I dig these trenches , to bury myself in them , backs breaking under tension , For far too long these voices , muffled by distances , it's time to come to my senses , up from the dirt , I give it all , now there's a reason why I sing , \ 
So give it all , and it's these reasons that belong to me 
Fell no pain but my life aint easy , I know Im my best friend , No one cares but Im so much stronger , I'll fight until the end To escape from the true false world , Undamaged < PROPFEMALE > , Cant get caught in the endless circle , Ring of stupidity , Out of my own , out to be free , One with my mind , they just cant see , No need to hear things they say , Life is for my own to live my own way , No damn chains can hold me to the ground 
if your brave , copy this into your status and see what people rate you ! ( 1)crazy ( 2)id marry you ;D ( 3 ) talkative ! ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable (: ( 6)awesome ( 7)moody(8 ) dumb ( 9)great friend ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11)random ( 12)hot ( 13)funny(14 ) fit ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) rude ( 19)simple ( 20 ) strong ( 21 ) the best (: rate me 
It seems what's left of my human side Is slowly changing in me , Will you give in to me ? Looking at my own reflection When suddenly it changes , Violently it changes , There is no turning back now , You've woken up the demon in me 
Caught between the great mortal divide , Not quite dead but still not quite alive , Now go ... into the light But I can't tell you The reasons why I'll never join you there , I must face this hell alone , Spiraling through This Continuum , Time has taken all I've known , Smothering the life I used to love and All I've got is time . I can't face this hell alone , Spiraling through This Continuum 
Sometmes life is like a dark tunnel , though you cant always see the light at the end , just keep moving and eventually you end up in a better place 
You rise , you fall , your down , then you rise again , What dont kill you make you more strong , Rise , fall , down , rise again What dont kill you make you more strong , Through black days , Through black nights , Through pitch black insights , Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming , Show your scars , Cutting your feet on the hard earth running , Show your scars , Breaking your life , Broken , beat and scarred , But we die hard 
You can ask me one question in my inbox . I will answer . Paste to your status and see what questions you get ! 
For fear my eyes are closed I'll shut this out no more , Embrace this and I become the catalyst , And now it swells in me , Smash all my defenses down , I'll take this , I'll let this fire consume me , I will not , I will not ! I will not fall , I will not fail , I pound the walls , I shake the cage , Oh , let the fire consume me , Let the fire burn , Let the courage flow through me , Let the fire burn !! 
They've got me on the outside looking in , but i can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders , They just wanna see me fall but Have faith in me , I said I'd never let you go and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If you didn't have a < PROPMALE > then I never did , You'll always find me right there again . 
Do you ever feel like crying ? Do you ever feel like giving up ? I raise my hands up towards the sky , I say this prayer for you tonight , Because nothing is impossible , Sometimes we're helpless and alone , But you can let it keep you weighted down , You must go on , The hardest part isn't finding who we need to be , it's being content with who you are , Stay who you are . 
Im Sick of being sick and tired , sick of understanding , Tired of feeling sick to my stomach , Demons inside command me , They're saying crush it , break it , smash it , Fuckin ' kill ' em all ! Laugh as it falls away , I won't dodge another silver bullet Just to save a little face , How many people really care ? How many will be standing ? I'll light the match , the flame , the fuse , the bomb , Rescue the world from slavery 
What an anemic charade , a soulless display , We force upon ourselves and all of the worldand Needless to say , this sterile cliche Has left me with another shovel down in a hole , I'm digging in vain , I'm digging in vain , But when it boils down to a distraction nothing compares , All I wanted was a haven away But I've traded neuroticism in for despair . 
Things are not what they used to be , Missing one inside of me , Deathly lost , this can't be real , Cannot stand this hell I feel , Emptiness is filling me , To the point of agony , Growing darkness taking < PROPFEMALE > , I was me but now He's gone , No one but me can save myself , but its to late , Now I can't think of a reason why I should even try 
Evil is always possible and goodness is eternally difficult 
Find my control , Find reasons to beat this , Find truth below The lies and the wreckag , I can't let go , I'm too close , too restless , I'm letting you know I'm far too aggressive , Broke ! Inside , This life , you can never be reborn within , I came this far , erase my scars , Fight ! This time , Inside , take a break from the lie you live , I came this far erase my scars 
So tell me why you've choosen me , Don't want your grip , don't want your greed , I'll tear me open , make you gone , No more can you hurt anyone 
Another reason , Another cause for me to fight , Another fuse uncovered Now , for me to light , My dedication To all that I've sworn to protect , I < PROPFEMALE > out my orders With not a regret , A declaration , Embedded deep under my skin , A permanent reminder Of how we began , No hesitation When I am commanding the strike , You need to know That you're in for the fight of your life 
You will be shown How I've become Indestructible , Determination that is incorruptible , From the other side , A terror to behold , Annihilation will be unavoidable , Every broken enemy will know That their opponent had to be invincible , Take a last look around while you're alive , I'm an indestructible master of war 
An obvious disinterest , a barely managed smile , A deep nod in agreement , a status quo exile , I shirk my obligations , I miss all your deadlines , I excel at quitting early , and fucking up my life , Life for you has been less than kind , So take a number stand in line , We've all been sorry , we've all been hurt But how we survive is what makes us who we are 
Now I am become Death , Destroyer of worlds 
You really think you have a < PROPMALE > Against the army in my head ? Fighting like you took my family And say I'll never see them again , You can't understand how serious I take the way you look at me , My intention isn't to discuss this , It's to see if you can bleed , You can try hard , as hard as you can , Never gonna bring me down , You're gonna fight but I'm gonna win , Never gonna bring me down 
All my devotion betrayed , I am no longer afraid , I was too blinded to see How much you've stolen from me , You want to know why I feel so horrified ? I've let my innocence die , You want to know why I can't be pacified ? You made me bury something , I won't be sleeping tonight , I only wanted a blessing made Now I've been labeled a renegade , It seems so clear now what I must do , You're no immortal 
And I will see you through the smoke and flames , on the frontlines of war . And I will fight my battle till I fall or I conquer them all !!! 
All because of you I haven't slept in so long and when I do I dream of drowning in the ocean , longing for the shore where I can lay my head down , inside these arms of yours , All because of you I believe in angels , not the kind with wings , no , not the kind with halos , the kind that take you home , when home becomes a strange place , I'll follow your voice , all you have to do is SHOUT IT OUT ! 
In a changing world , I overcame time And searched for the future in the scratched sky On an endless night , Even if the twinkling light leaves me I'll make my way to my dream at the place that I go around , The miracle should come true 
Bloodshed begets bloodshed , Hatred begets hatred , a powerfull festering energy roots itself in this land and craves a crest of blood , with just a little information , and a little shove to the people violence turns out . this is because humans are very simple . No matter how many times they repeat it , they're unable to learn from it . Humans are such stupid and sad creatures ... 
Refusal of hope , solution demise – bury the truth in a mountain of lies . Won’t bow to man , Won’t bow to government , Won’t trust in a failed system of self-fulfilling lust , Won’t love a world where my God is mocked . I defy ! This is what you try to sell me ? Subjective nothingness ? Pull your sickness from my throat – let me breathe the truth . 
Won't bow to man , Won't bow to government , Won't bow to greed , Won't bow to false hope , Won't bow to self , Won't bow to modern code , Won't sell my soul to a dead world , I defy ! 
Dig open the pain youre hiding , Give your hand to the faith youre fighting , The void you suffer is a curse forever bleeding inside , Now you embrace the fatal sickness you should despise , Remember the day you lost that , Where is the shame that will bring your soul back ? Not I ! I wont conform to what I see in you , Not I ! I wont surrender what I am , Not I ! And even if it was a part of me , Not I ! I'll never be that way again 
I know I'm not the perfect one , This pain has just begun , It's something I already < PROPMALE > , I already < PROPMALE > , You bring me to a better path , It's everything I asked , It's something I don't wanna face , I don't wanna face , There's nothing left ! The fear is gone ! And when my heartstrings come undone I will wait for you , I will pray for you , Before I make my final run , I will stay with you , decay with you 
Save sorrow for the souls in doubt , Bleed every care out , Will you < PROPFEMALE > me down the aisle that final day ? With your tears and cold hands shaking from the weight , When you lower me down beneath that sky of gray , Let the rain fall down and wash away your pain 
So now I reap what I have sewn , And any rapture I had shown has bled dry , And I walked the streets alone , Accepting pain I'd never known , As you died , Then I hurt myself to see it too , To feel the knife I put in you , My heart as broken as my ways , I never should've let it pass , This fall was never meant to last , The reason gone and damage stays 
Shed rejection , learn to follow the wolves 
Ever since the day that I was made I've been deciding the end And I was made of wood and stone and won't diminish or bend , So when the heavy hand of death is here to take me away I'll be the solid grip of time , forever holding my stay , Nobody ever made a force that took a beating like me , I call the earth and every scum to come and try to fight me 
Im thinking of having an end of summer get together . Maybe a trip to six flags or somethin like that . Anyone intrested ? 
Behold the loyal slave , His rotting shell now a tomb where death can play , See now his pride caves in , Alone he fights to stop this dark decay , fainter grows each plea from skies above , Break through the ribcage , tear the heart out from everyone that you love , Show me The path that leads into your mind , Release The thoughts you lock so deep inside , Show me , Im the one who knew this pain , Release , Before you fall into this again 
I see the weight of hollow death residing in you , Take now your final breath – exhale the truth , I see the fear of nothing left , dead fragments of you , You hold it in yourself – I feel it too . 
Now the dark begins to rise , Save your breath its far from over , Leave the lost and dead behind , Nows your < PROPMALE > to run for cover , I dont wanna change the world , I just wanna leave it colder , Light the fuse and burn it up , Take the path that leads to nowhere , All is lost again But Im not giving in , I will not bow ! I will not break ! I will shut the world away , I will not fall ! I will not fade ! I will take your breath away 
Behind the eyes of my compassion lies a suffering soul And in my blood a bitter darkness slowly taking it's toll , I feel the death of our connection and the fading of light Between the shards of sudden panic I see the scars of your addiction and the feeling you hide 
We are the sons of holy wrath , A shining light in the dark , The ones who walk amongst despair , No sign of fear in our hearts , Stand in death's way , Shut out the voice of mindlessness , Open your eyes to the truth , Believe the words that stand the test And not the slurs of the youth , You're not what they say , Turn over the tables and watch them run , You'll be the weapon they can't outgun 
And now we will rise to conquer them all . Many will challenge , many will fall . Bring us your vile , malicious of mind . We will bring their neck to the line . Scum of the earth . Power of air . You wanted the world ? We’ll bury you there . This is a battle . We Are The Blade . And this is the line , this is the line . All that they build we will break . This is the line ... This is the line !! 
No vow of silence , No remission of Truth 
Nonreligious people whine about ? religion being shoved down their throat But 99% of time its the nonreligious who spend more time mocking and forcing THIER beliefs down the throats of the religious . Nonbelievers feel they can speak without any responsibility to adhere to while they expect every christian to be of the same utmost moral fiber never deviating from the strict code of the bible . what a joke what hypocrisy 
Somone should have a party before summer ends . And on the topis of parties I think I might have a Haloween party this year 
And I looked up and saw you , I know that you saw me , We froze but for a moment In empathy , I brought down the sky for you but all you did was shrug , You gave my emptiness a name , And you ran away Now all my friends are gone , Maybe we’ve outgrown all the things that we once loved , Runaway ! But what are we running from ? A show of hands from those in this audience of one , Where have they gone ? 
There you stood in disbelief , Trying all you could to see through these lies , And every word that I could breathe Would you find more inclined to leave , But I tried , I tried , And knowing what I've done to you , With every thought you suffer through , My heart as black as evil can , And everything I could have been Erased by what I wanted then , I couldn't think a lesser man 
Come inside and be afraid Of this impressive mess I've made , If you take a look now you will find , I have throne away my vice , Done away with paradise , See what's going on inside my mind , Please let me out , Please let me out , Branded like an animal , I can still feel them burning my mind , I believe that you made your message clear , I think i am loosing my mind 
Find my control , my reasons to beat this , Find truth below The lies and the wreckage , I can't let go , I'm too close , too restless , I'm letting you know , I'm far too aggressive , Don't be alone inside A world that's filled with make-believe , Broke ! Inside , This life you can never be reborn within , I came this far erase my scars , Fight ! This time , Inside take a break from the lie you live , I came this far erase my scars 
Ive gotta make a stand But I am just a man Im not superhuman , Who's gonna fight for whats right ? Who's gonna help us survive ? We're in the fight of our lives And we're not ready to die , Who's gonna fight for the weak ? Who's gonna make em believe ? Ive got a Hero Livin in me , Im gonna fight for whats right , Today Im speaking my mind And if it kills me tonight I will be ready to die , A Hero's not afraid to give His life 
And now we will rise to conquer them all , Many will challenge , many will fall , Bring us your vile , malicious of mind , We will bring their neck to the line , Scum of the earth , Power of air , You wanted the world ? We’ll bury you there ! This is a battle , We Are The Blade ! And this is the line , this is the line , All that they build we will break , This is the line , This is the line . Whose side are you on ?! 
Perpetual motion the image wont focus , A blur is all that's seen , But here in this moment like the eye of the storm It all came clear to me , I found a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , An infallible reason to live all by itself , I took one last look from the heights that I once loved And then I ran like hell 
Seemingly endless , beckoning debt ... beckoning debt . Vacant and nameless – where is the end ? Aching just to endure again – sweet loss . Able again to feel . This is real . Just breathe , suffer again . Look Back . Stand in the wake and breathe . Wait for the end . Fight Back ! This isn’t over ! 
To those about to rock , please shut up Im trying to sleep D:< lol 
We are the sons of holy wrath , A shining light in the dark , The ones who walk amongst despair , No sign of fear in our hearts , Stand in death's way , Shut out the voice of mindlessness , Open your eyes to the truth , Believe the words that stand the test And not the slurs of the youth , You're not what they say 
I need manga to read . Any ideas ? 
As I sit here reading all these status updates , Only one thought comes to mind ... Why the hell are you all awake ? 
I'm growing so distant , Nothing makes sense to me anymore , I'm learning to resist , Becoming more than you ever were , Cant explain , whats come over me , Cant explain , why its so hard for me , So hard to see your side . Projecting all my anger , I cant seem to get this through to you , The walls are closing in , I dare you to walk in my shoes ! 
Dismantle the ground they stand on , Give power a name , You've traveled the path of slander Now bury the shame , Shed rejection , Learn to follow the wolves 
I never really wanted you to see The screwed up side of me that I keep Locked inside of me so deep , It always seems to get to me , I never really wanted you to go , So many things you should have known , I guess for me theres just no hope , I never meant to be so cold , What I really meant to say Is I'm sorry for the way I am , I never meant to be so cold 
Rejection of weak trends and fake hate , This is what you’re fighting for ? some fools mistake ? I will devour you , I’ll overpower you , Rise from the ashes , screaming eternity . Vultures circle , halo of the dead , Another vicious cycle , swallow what youre fed , And now the vultures circle , halo of the dead , Another vicious cycle , be true to your dissent , Somehow feel as though you could , Somehow in all your petty suffering 
Don't bitch about your life , suck it the fuck up and adapt , or drown in your misery . You'll receive no pity or coin from the world- K.T.F. 
I'm not ready to die , Because of what you don't tell me , I'm not ready to walk inside of where you're taking me , I'm not ready to die , Because of what you don't tell me , I'm not willing to compromise the man i want to be , Think you're a little bit closer To changing me ? You're never winning me over , You're wasting time , Get away from me 
I secretly crave , crave that scent again , Still feel it pressing on me now , Now with the onset my flesh is weakening , I steel my nerves for temptations at hand again , I'll note the past , spare the pain , Words match my deeds with brutal honesty , Never forget these choices were made by me 
Not falling victim to the fire that burns inside of me , Though I am fearful I will not prevent this tragedy , My strength's been tested , I wear the scars that prove , Still I believe that this calling will see me through 
A wise man once said that which does not kill us makes us stronger , thought I was dead , so am I now invincible ? determination , perseverance , resolution , resurrection !! Reality kicked in , raced against time just to start all over , treated like shit , pushed aside and expendable , All the beatings you gave me , I will use them against you !! 
It's found in you , and found in me , From birth to stone , We remain free as alwas 
Take cover in these words , You are not alone , There is a purpose , Through the loneliness and depression , This is not in vain , Through the tribulation , find redemption , This is not in vain , For the frustration we've endured , The struggle continues , Don't let them drag you down , Keep your eyes wide open , Don't let them drag you down , Keep your focus unbroken 
I'm madly in anger with you And I want my anger to be healthy , And I want my anger just for me , And I need my anger not to control , And I want my anger to be me , And I need to set my anger free , I feel my world shake , Like an earth quake , It's hard to see clear , Is it me ? Is it fear ? 
Summer : Boring as hell\ 
Didnt get to do anything or go anywhere\ 
Went by way to fast 
Coward's heart , a serpent's tongue , Stand to face what you've outrun , Fear of death , fear of pain , Bound to all you took in vain , No more lies , no regrets , Sever ties and hollow debts , Open eyes , live to learn , Or watch your blessed < PROPFEMALE > burn , Raise you glass to death , Not one second left , Wake the lifeless , die to fight this , Stand beside me . Storm the Gates of Hell ! 
It's Monday morning And I would kill for a < PROPMALE > to drive , Get so far away from here with you my dear , Then I'll never leave your side , Nobody knows the troubles I've seen , In a < PROPFIRST > , on a soapbox for the world to see , < PROPMALE > away , and I wish this didn't mean so much to me , To be a monument for the rest of them 
I need a heart that carries on through the pain , When the walls start collapsing again , Give me a soul that never ceases to follow despite the infection within , Awaiting my end breathing in the day that finds me new , Redemption begins bleeding out the flaws in place of you , Awaiting my end breathing in the day that finds me new , Redemption begins ... Redemption Begins . 
Get ready to settle the score And get ready to face the floor ! Cause its time to remember it , WAR ! This is war and its on tonight , so get up and fight , get up and fight ! You had all your life to run and hide , NOW STEP UP , LETS DO THIS ! FIGHT ! FIGHT ! 
Now you want to take me down , As if I even care , I am the monster in your head , And I thought you'd learn by now , It seems you haven't yet , I am the venom in your skin And now your life Is broken , After the lights go out on you , After your worthless life is through , I will remember how you scream , I can't afford to care 
Terror is coursing in me , Dreading the final moments Where I have to be And feel you die , In Asylum , I live a lie , Don't you know I'm in love with you And I wasnt ready , For Asylum Relive a lie , To let go , Now it's dragging me into your grave , Your Asylum , Forget the lie , Overcome and the feeling that I won't get to join you in time , But the lonliness is killing me 
All I am is entertainment , caught up in my own derangment , tell me what to say and what to do 
You can take the money , You can take the ride , You can take it all and never get inside , No You can't take my honor , You can't take my soul , You can't take the fact you'll never have control !! You wont break me ! No matter how hard you try ! You can't shake me down ! I'm fucking bulletproof !! 
So now you try , but the blade is primed to just cut you down again , To no avail , this fix divine was wrought to do you in , Seemingly endless , beckoning debt , Vacant and nameless , where is the end ? Aching just to endure again , sweet loss , Able again to feel . This is real , Just breathe , suffer again , Look Back , Stand in the wake and breathe , Wait for the end , Fight Back ! This isn’t over . 
Yea , it's what you've become that I took today , You never thought I could be so strong , You can see there's a part of me that you cannot beat And part of you will always remember me When you look around and you are so alone and Judging by the weight of my fucked up world I think maybe I should take a step back from this . 
Sing now seraph , find the calm within your soul , Bring us closer to the flame that guides us home 
So lost in your addiction , The solemn comfort of your grave , If you close your eyes the light can't take it away , btu Not I ! I won't conform to what I see in you , Not I ! I won't surrender what I am , Not I ! And even if it was a part of me , Not I ! I'll never be that way again !! 
For this I was chosen Because I fear nothing , With confidence I tread through the dead of night , Off to another wartorn faraway battlefield Wherein lies a demonic enemy horde , On this day I decide to annoint my fist Engaging them in the mode of power and war , Stoping at nothing just short of fulfilling my < PROPFEMALE > 
Never gonna give you up\ 
Never gonna let you down\ 
Never gonna run around and desert you\ 
Never gonna make you cry\ 
Never gonna say goodbye\ 
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you 
Ever since the day that I was made I've been deciding the end , And I was made of wood and stone and won't diminish or bend , So when the heavy hand of death is here to take me away , I'll be the solid grip of time forever holding my stay , Nobody ever made a force that took a beating like me , I call the earth and every scum to come and try to fight me 
We are the sons of holy wrath , A shining light in the dark , The ones who walk amongst despair , No sign of fear in our hearts , We Stand in death's way , Armed with resistance and blind to the cost , The say my purpose is mindless and lost , But I don't adhere to the slander they spill , I mourn with your losses and stand by your will 
Nos Es Invictus 
Now you want to take me down , As if I even care , I am the monster in your head , And I thought you'd learn by now , It seems you haven't yet , I am the venom in your skin , And now your life Is broken , After the lights go out on you , After your worthless life is through , I will remember how you screamed , I can't afford to care 
And when the end shines new with the burn of nothing left , I'll give you one last < PROPMALE > to say you're done and give it back , I won't agree , Your remedy is a joke , I can't believe That you can breathe and not choke , You've brought this verdict on yourself , I hope you cry for the one's you've lost , You built this burden when you fell , I hope it's worth all the blood it cost . 
A man chooses , A slave obeys ! 
Bitter thoughts became your every waking breath , Save the nights your hollow dreams revealed the sweet release of death , In your thoughts you played a symphony of self But your soul had bled a darker song of close to nothing left , Oh , The deliverance of blade and flame , your love , And greater is the blood 
CALL THIS NUMBER !!!!! \ 
973-409-3260\ 
It is a message to all !!!! 
I know I'm not the perfect one , This pain has just begun , It's something I already < PROPMALE > , I already < PROPMALE > , You bring me to a better path , It's everything I asked , And when my heartstrings come undone , I will wait for you , I will pray for you , Before I make my final run , I will stay with you , decay with you 
Broken teath , a shattered jaw , Ten to one , behold my God , Wicked sons of heaven's loss , Raise your own inverted cross , < PROPMALE>'s of earth , iron fist , Serve the sacred you dismissed , Stand before your final day , Choke on every line you pray !! Raise your glass to death , Not one second left ! Wake the lifeless , die to fight this , Stand beside me . Storm the Gates of Hell !! 
I see so much corruption And it's hard to ignore , Living on greed and possessions , Is this what we're dying for ? Many are willing to only live for themselves , Turning away from morality , You feel dissolved and the water's beginning to rise , Become the light in this darkened world , Now change will come , It's in your hands , It's in your hands , Now choose this day , Who you will serve To be the light In a darkened world ? 
Rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated 
Talking shit behind my back , dare you say it to my face ? I've heard the words roll out your lips , You little trendy fuckin ' bitch ! The time has come to get you some , cause I just do not give a shit ! You wanna disrespect me , you little fuckin ' punk ? Everything I've done ?, And who I am ? As far as I've fuckin ' come ? I'll slap you so fuckin ' hard , It'll feel like you kissed a freight train . Fuck you ! 
Do you take me for a fool !? How's it feel to be a tool !? Talking shit behind my back ... See to me you're just a cancer ! The time has come to get you some , Motherfucker ! War is the Answer ! 
You think you're so tough ? You're a living bluff , I will put you down , I will make you drown , I will make you bleed , I cannot feel pain , I might be insane , I am victory , I write history , Feel my fist On your face , You hate this , I feel great , I am be furious now , I am making time for fighting , I think it's time to beat you 
I want you to trust me , I want you to believe me , I want to feel your eyes , I want to control every heartbeat , I want to hear your voices , I want to disturb the peace , I want you to see me well , I want you to understand me , I want your fantasy , I want your energy , Do you see me ? Do you understand me ? Do you feel me ? Do you hear me ? 
The gavel has fallen , along with the rest . Are we expected to settle for this ? Bring us the plague , lead us away , Blacken tomorrow with ash of today , Cant you see the fabric of our standards wearing thin ? See our world in its grave at the hands of the enslaved . Wont bow to man . Wont bow to government . Wont bow to greed . Wont bow to false hope . Wont bow to self . Wont bow to modern code . Wont sell my soul to a dead world ! I defy ! 
It's the oldest story in the book ... The boy desires the one thing he cannot have 
Believe me , You've never met a mother fucker like me , Bet you've never seen the things that I've seen , Bottled up inside this time , I'm taking back my life , I'm rising up , I've had enough ! I'm feeling invincible tonight , I'm alive , Take a look into my eyes , I'm take you for a ride , I'm invincible tonight 
Get ready to settle the score , And get ready to face the floor , Cause its time to remember , This is war !! and its on tonight , so get up and fight , get up and fight , You had all your life to run and hide so step up , STEP UP !! LETS DO THIS !! 
New profile pic ! Comment on its brutality !!!! 
So now I try , but the blade is primed to just cut me down again , To no avail , this fix divine was wrought to do me in . Seemingly endless , beckoning debt , Vacant and nameless , where is the end ? Aching just to endure again sweet loss , Able again to feel . This is real . Just breathe , suffer again . Look Back . Stand in the wake and breathe , Wait for the end . Fight Back . This isn’t over . 
One more day , This time I’ll bite the bullet , Let me stay And set this life ablaze , Give myself to compromise And let the hammer fall , From blackened eyes to broken ties , I’ve bled to know them all , Driven to the brink of death , I heed deceptions call , Through bitter tears , forgotten years , I’ve come to sever all 
* Insert random generic funny comment here * 
Out of the night that covers me , black as a pit from pole to pole , I thank whatever gods may be for my unconquerable soul , In the fell clutch of circumstance I have niether winced nor cried aloud , Under the bludgeoning of < PROPMALE > my head is bloody but unbowed 
It's time to reconfirm and Reset . Time to learn to let go ... To find out who to save ... and who to Burn 
Reckless and weary The truth has been buried , Held down by the hand That refuses to < PROPFEMALE > The burden you built , The lies , do you hear me ? The insult , the white flag You refuse to < PROPFEMALE > , I'm letting you go And all that you showed me , I'm letting you know That you don't control me , The feeling is cold And life is unfolding , Reckless and weary , I'm desperately holding on 
It's in this wake that I find myself Losing the will to resume this Hell , When every breath is a dying wish , It's harder to follow the point of this , This broken place that I call my home Has deepened the sorrow that I have sown And I can't erase what is in my heart , I want it to finish before it starts , I've been fading away , I've been waiting on the call to reach my veins 
Nothing left but a broken man , terrified of everything , nothing left of his foolish pride , his fond memories slowly die , then as he wakes again alone , still a prisoner in his home , ready to allow the dark to penetrate his broken heart , and i'm still afraid of the light and a thousand voices share their laughter at my demise , now if i am to survive\ 
the infection must die , murder the beast that's been eating me alive 
I think we as humans have an overwhelming tendency to live shallow lives , never giving thought to the “bigger picture” or things of an eternal nature . We live day-to-day , too busy or preoccupied to take a moment and really assess our purpose in life , and how that reflects on things like our mortality . 
I'm burning bridges for the last time , I'm breaking habits for the first time , I saw my future today , it said I'm going away , But I still haven't < PROPFIRST > the last line On my way down ... I'm not ready to lay , not ready to fade , I'm not ready to die !! 
I have suffered defeat , pain , loss , still I push to the edge , never falter , For this cements my beliefs , I'll remain my own master , I am a mortal man , but I'm not falling I'm not broken yet , I am a mortal man , but I'll hold tight to my beliefs now 
How do I live without the ones I love ? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned , Place and time always on my mind , I have so much to say but you're so far away , Sleep tight , I'm not afraid , The ones that we love are here with me , Lay away a place for me Cause as soon as I'm done , I'll be on my way To live on eternally . 
Don't let the world deceive you , Don't let their words betray you , Don't let their lies deceive you , Let Them Do Their Worst , We will not die this way , This is absolution ! Death claims us no more ! Do not grieve , end the suffering , We will live , live eternal , Will you take the stand amongst the dead ? Bury your fear and hold fast to life . 
The world will tell you to lead yourself . I believe that humans are a flawed people , and that man , given unto his own will , will fail . Using our flesh as a compass in life is a path that leads only to destruction . The burden of relying only on yourself is like a weight around your neck , and when the people and forces of the world encourage me to live this way , I tell them to save their breath 
I'm not a man on a mission But a rising anger forces me to stand And count my voice defiant , I'm not opposed to the process But the facts before us demonstrate That we must stand united 
The fire it rages , It burns clear in the night , Illuminates the path before us , Now true our arrows strike , Defy , we heed the call , Defy , strengthen us all , Defy , for we are many Rising against you , Now the tide is turning , Our might striking fear , Our passion foretells our triumph , Smite those who stand against us !! 
Cold light above us , Hope fills the heart And fades away , Skin white as winter As the sky returns to grey , Days go on forever But I have not left your side , We can < PROPMALE > the dark together , If you go then so will I , There is nothing left of you , I can see it in your eyes , I keep holding onto you But I can't bring you back to life , Sing the anthem of the angels Then say the last goodbye 
Everyday i see my life rewind tearing through dreams i find im wide awake . Every single time i feel the burn i try to throw it away , A fast fix for the brokenness of everyday , Its like the pain is building up , it's swelling up , i've got to choke it down and break it down until it's broken , it's like a shard of glass , it's like a broken piece Of everything i hate , it's everything in me 
Wake up screaming , I'm awake and dreaming , And I won't stop breathing until my heart stops beating , This isn't me I used to say , All the love was so gone , It feels good to be alive , I've been dead for so long 
There is reason behind everything . I dig through the lies to find a truth I hoped wasnt true , yet deep down I know it is . And once again I am proven right , and my peace of mind is shattered only to be replaced by unbridled rage . 
How did you think I would feel ? You Threw me aside again , I won't let you hurt me again , I'm nothing to you I can see , Just walk away from me , I'm torn up but I can't believe You sat and watched me bleed 
Find my control , Find reasons to beat this , Find truth below The lies and the wreckage , I can't let go , I'm too close , too restless , I'm letting you know , I'm far too aggressive , So if you can't get a word in Its because I don't care what you think , Don't be alone inside A world that's filled with make-believe , I came this far , erase my scars ! 
Party was fun . That is all . 
One more day , This time I’ll bite the bullet . Let me stayjust one more day And set this life ablaze , Give myself to compromise And let the hammer fall , From blackened eyes to broken ties , I’ve bled to know them all , Driven to the brink of death I heed deceptions call , Through bitter tears , forgotten years , I’ve come to sever all 
I won't agree , Your remedy is a joke . I can't believe That you can breathe and not choke , I feel my lungs beginning to burn . With every foolish word that you spit , another nail is all you'll get . 
Aww . isnt that cute , the Cowboys decided to dress up as a football team for Halloween 
I don't need your forgiveness , I don't need your hate , I don't need your acceptance , So what should I do ? I'll be sorry so you've said , I'm not sorry , Bang ! You're Dead ! 
My own solution insufficient again , No false illusion , this devouring threat , I break the vessel , giving air to its red , And open my fate to the darkened sky , I've been fading away , I've been waiting on the call to reach my veins , Ready or not , No attention to waste , Every sorrow of the soul will read my name When I cease to exist ! 
Time has had its way with me , My broken tired hands cant build a thing , The wires that have held me still embedded now in flesh define my will , the empty I have fed has made me numb , Despite what you will find in me The failures of my past just swirl beneath , I need a heart that carries on through the pain When the walls start collapsing in , Give me a soul that never ceases to fight Despite the infection within 
I'd give it all away , I'm willing to give up Everything thats true , I've become Numb to it all , Cast to the world , Just to wait for the fall , DISONNECT ME ! DISCONNET ME ! Disconnect me From this harmful dream , This world Is not designed for me , I reject this reality 
No ! You'll never be alone , When darkness comes I'll light the night with stars , Hear my whispers in the dark , No ! You'll never be alone , When darkness comes you know I'm never far , Hear my whispers in the dark 
Who's gonna fight for what's right , Who's gonna help us survive , We're in the fight of our lives And we're not ready to die , Who's gonna fight for the weak , Who's gonna make ' em believe , I've got a Hero Livin ' in me , I'm gonna fight for whats right , Today I'm speaking my mind And if it kills me tonight I will be ready to die , A Hero's not afraid to give His life 
You'll find me face down , hands bound , ready for the blade to make me two , If judgment falls to meet this ground , that fate will run me through , No day of wrath will see me break for that faithless breath of shame , When the heretics come to make that list , be true to speak my name , Leave all you see , The curse of man is dead , the hourglass turned on its head And every care will fade away To wake a new day 
Planning to < PROPFEMALE > out in the feild between Kensington and park place tomorrow . If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > , comment here . 
Rock bottoms where we live , and still we dig these trenches to bury ourselves in them , backs breaking under tension , For far too long these voices , muffled by distances , it's time to come to our senses , up from the dirt , Today I offer all myself to this , I'm living for my dying wish , I give it all , now there's a reason , there's a reason to give it all 
All I have is one last chance , I won't turn my back on you , Take my hand , drag me down , If you fall then I will too And I can save what's left of you , Say something new , I have nothing left , I can't face the dark without you , there's nothing left to lose , I'm with you forever , the end 
Fight or Fall . There is no other choice ! 
Bitter thoughts became your every waking breath Save the nights your hollow dreams revealed the sweet release of death , In your thoughts you played a symphony of self But your soul has bled a darker song of close to nothing left , Every line a path into an empty heart , Where the words of now forgotten love fall silent in the dark 
Choke back the burn of wrath as they violate your name , No sign of innocence in this godforsaken place , When the truth is in your hands they'll spit upon your face , Dismantle the ground they stand on , Give power a name , You've traveled the path of slander Now bury the shame , Shed rejection , Learn to follow the wolves 
One more day , This time I’ll bite the bullet ,, Let me stay And set this life ablaze , Give myself to compromise And let the hammer fall , From blackened eyes to broken ties I’ve bled to know them all , Driven to the brink of death , I heed deceptions call , Through bitter tears , forgotten years , I’ve come to sever all 
God help me I've come undone , Out of the light of the sun , I can feel you falling away , No longer the lost , No longer the same And I can see you starting to break , I'll keep you alive If you show me the way , Forever - and ever , the scars will remain 
That final day will fall And those who curse the sky will face the earth , The many turn to one , The God of Gods ' own righteous son 
We are not creatures made to be alone And when we act as such we help our brothers to stand , I ask you to take heed of my words , To move with purpose to a future worth living , Ignorance will crush us , destroy all that we have , It is time to address the fact that alone , None of us can survive 
A new voice for the broken souls in a world awaiting its death - I am you ! An everlasting well of life for the hopeless and the wrecked , I am the dying self , the narrow path , the calm that conquered the storm - I am you ! The crosshairs on the head of shame , the negation to conform 
I will rise , I will break this , You will rise , You will break this , We will rise , We will take them down , Rise and break them down 
Dein Gluck ist nicht mein Gluck , Ist mein Ungluck 
Searching for words , Embracing their meaning , Starving for hurt , Erasing your feelings , Replacing comfort With a false sense of sacrifice , Waiting your turn For a guarantee to roll the dice , How does it feel ? What does it mean to you , Your heart is real ! It isn't bulletproof ! You can't conceal all of the things you do On your way down 
The gavel has fallen , along with the rest , Are we expected to settle for this ? Bring us the plague , lead us away , Blacken tomorrow with ash of today , Can’t you see the fabric of our standards wearing thin ? See your world in its grave at the hands of the enslaved , Won’t bow to man . Won’t bow to government , Won’t trust in a failed system of self-fulfilling lust , Won’t love a world where my God is mocked ! I defy ! 
the best part of waking up isnt folgers in your cup . Its knowing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > didnt kill you in your sleep 
Find my control , Find reasons to beat this , Find truth below the lies and the wreckage , I can't let go , I'm too close , too restless , I'm letting you know , I'm far too aggressive , Broke ! Inside , This life , you can never be reborn within , I came this far , erase my scars , Fight ! This time , Inside , take a break from the lie you live , I came this far erase my scars ! 
Well I won't back down , no I won't back down , You can stand me up at the gates of hell But I won't back down , Well I know what's right , I got just one life , In a world that keeps on pushin ' me around But I stand my ground and I won't back down 
You'll find me face down , hands bound , ready for the blade to make me two , If judgment falls to meet this ground , that fate will run me through , No day of wrath will see me break for that faithless breath of shame , When the heretics come to make that list , be true to speak my name 
Leave all you see , The curse of man is dead , the hourglass turned on its head , And every care will fade away To wake a new day 
Go tell that long tongue liar , Go and tell that midnight rider , Tell the rambler , the gambler , the back biter , Tell ' em that God's gonna cut ' em down , You can run on for a long time , Run on for a long time , Run on for a long time , but Sooner or later God'll cut you down 
You reap what you've sown . If you plant seeds of hate , you recieve hate . Anger begets anger , Sadness begets sadness . You cannot recieve happiness when all you seek is despair . 
Now close this chapter , move on , Keep telling myself that it's under to control , And that's a lie I did well know , I'll return to the scene of the crime , And I'll gather my pride , Nausea comes as the fear builds inside , Seems much stronger than I , Still I know 
Into the nothing , Faded and weary , I won't leave and let you fall behind , I live for the dying , Heaven hear me ! I know we can make it out alive ! 
I noticed everyone was changing thier profile picures to cartoon charecters , so I did the only logical thing .... I MADE TOAST !!! 
It's in this wake that I find myself , Losing the will to resume this Hell , When every breath is a dying wish It's harder to follow the point of this , This broken place that I call my home Has deepened the sorrow that I have sown , And I can't erase what is in my heart , I want it to finish before it starts 
So now I'm stuck here , Between the guilty and the insincere , The words I spoke have left here all alone , I should have known this , I never saw the backlash when the tide began to rise , I wish it all gone , I could've burned it when I had that choice And now I'd die to kill this noise in my head !! 
I know you feel it's all the same , But I promise that'll change , There's nothing left ! The fear is gone ! I know I'm not the perfect one , This pain has just begun , You bring me to a better path , It's everything I asked , When my heartstrings come undone I will wait for you , I will pray for you , Before I make my final run I will stay with you , decay with you 
Not long ago you found the answers were so < PROPFEMALE > clear , Within a day you find yourself living in constant fear , Can you look at yourself now ? can you look at yourself ?! You can't win this fight , In a way it seems there's n o-o ne to call When our thoughts are so numb And feelings aren't sure , We all have emptiness inside , We all have answers to find 
I'm here for you and all mankind , I've lost my mind , Psychotic , I'm in dementia , I won't be fine 
You're lost inside , your pale addictions , I'll bury you , with the demons in the ash , Can't heal you , don't want to , cause you can't save your-fuckin'-self , You are the one who made the decision stuck in a prison , shattered and broken , I am the one who , expected to heal you , save you from drowning in your endless nightmare , Blessed be the disillusioned , The banished misfit and the cursed hollow son 
Im burning bridges for the last time , Im breaking habits for the first time ! 
I can't remember if I ever took a minute to say . That if it had to be now , I'm glad it had to be me . I can't recuperate , I'm never going to leave here alive . Just help me through this , don't let me die here . I'm infected with you , pull the plug already , I'm killing time just trying to find the words that fall so short of you . I'm loosing sleep , I can't compete , I'm giving up , I can't do this alone 
That explains everything 
I've got to find a way to stop before it starts ! Finding its way through my veins right to my heart , I never thought it something everyone could see , And it kills within me , I won't , I won't leave without a trace , I won't be erased ! 
I feel it crawling up my spine , But I'll cut it off before it reaches the bloodline , You'll never fade me out , you'll never turn me off , You'll never reach the end , you'll never hear enough , You're half-grasp can't exterminate my stand , You can't rule with a broken upper hand !! 
Bury the fallen and lead the blind , I will fight the loss , Dead inside , Into the nothing , Faded and weary , I won't leave and let you fall behind , I Live for the dying , Heaven hear me , I know we can make it out alive ! 
Behold the loyal slave , His rotting shell now a tomb where death can play , See now his pride caves in , Alone he fights to stop this dark decay , feed the lust you need And fainter grows each plea from skies above , Break through the ribcage And tear the heart out from everyone that you love 
Take cover in these words , You are not alone , There is a purpose , Through the loneliness and depression , Through the tribulation , find redemption , This is not in vain , All will be revealed when the Balance is Broken 
Remember when you ran away and I got on my knees and begged you not to go because Id go berserk ? Well , you left me anyhow and then the days got worse and worse and now you see Ive gone completely pout of my mind ! 
Can I speak Spainish ? Studies say niet ! 
I will bend . I will break . I will fall . But I will not give up . I will not run . I will not hide or turn a blind eye . I am not invincible or indestructable , but my will is . Im not going anywhere . I'll always be here . No matter how screwed up my life beomces , I'll always have time to help with yours . Im determined and loyal to a fault 
And everyday I feel like this weight's Constantly dragging me down , Broken for the last time , I've got a heart of steel , but your words are Constantly bringing me down . I'm open for the first time , but you'll never get the best of me , wont ' get the best of me ! 
Been dead last but found my way to the front , With my inspirational quotes on why I never gave up ! If you can't stand the pressure Stay the fuck out of my way ! I know my place ! This one goes out to everyone Who's lied to my face ! I'm making a difference , I'm taking a < PROPMALE > , You can say what you want about me , But no one can tell me I can't! 
put a ? ] if you ever had a crush on me ... \ 
[ LIKE ] this status if you think im a good friend ... \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted to date me ... \ 
[ COMMENT ] if we ever had any good memories together ... \ 
Now lets see whose brave enough to copy this to their status :) 
Cry Havoc , ? ???????? ????? ????? 
Farewell to false pretension , Farewell to hollow words , Farewell to fake affection , Farewell , tomorrow burns , You soaked your heart in gasoline , I'll light it up and burn ! 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours 
Broken , or so you say , Nobody bought that fable anyway , So calloused , and so naive , To wear a heart of fiction on your sleeve , Don't tell me it's not your choice , You sold a blessed future for some noise , With every waking second you front another real life loses ground , Ten thousand arms outstretched and you have the nerve to strike them all ? No reason to coexist ? You've No reason to exist !! 
On a scale of 1-10 , how mentally stable do you think I am ? 10 being stable 1 being bat-crap crazy . 
Waidmanns heil ! 
Emotions still touch me , Still I can't feel a thing , Like ghosts they melt into the fog and leave me cold , Only shadows and impressions are left for me to hold , My heart would burst for you if that would make you whole , But I am not empty inside , Still I long to make this right 
Im falling down , I cant wake up . I cannot hold on , but I will not let go !! 
Needless to say this sterile cliche has left mewith another shovel down in this hole , So now im diggin in vain but when it boils down to a distraction nothing compares ! All I wanted was a haven away but I traded nueroticism in for despair , and just in case theres any doubt I'll say it now ... F*CK TH WORLD ! Im headin underground . Dont mind me , I'll just be makin my way down 
In the end it's not about what you have , In the end it's all about where you wanna go And the route you take to help you get there , I hope you think that's fair Cause you've only got one life to lead So don't take for granted those little things ... Those little things are all that we have 
I rely on myself just making sure that was clear , I'm not in need of your crutches , I face all my fears and I want what I knew I could have , Life is not a monster , you just gotta make the best of what you have 
Forget everything just for tonight , we'll sing like everyone when their alone , Cause I've been waiting for tonight to sing whoa , whoa , Lets believe that if we all stand together We're a force that could shake the whole world , For once I'm doing something right when we say woah 
I speak the truth , and everybody else knows it , So set your ego to the side and just get the fuck over it !, Can't waist my time on hateful people like you , So keep wishing you were me and I'll keep making you have to . 
Dig yourself a shallow grave , Your life is not the legacy of honor you would dig six feet for , Broken is the way you came And broken is the way that you will leave when everything is paid for , Dead is the way you stake your life on , The oblivious belief , What a waste to sell your spirit for ! 
I've always been a man of action , Never let anything keep a hold of me , Could always tell when somethings missing , Like I knew everything , except for you and me , I can't make you want to stay , You're not that strong but it's broken you away , I still gave it everything , I guess I'll never catch my break 
I hate this town , it's so washed up , and all my friends dont give a f*ck , don't tell me that it's just bad luck , when willI find where I fit in ? 
Many are willing to only live for themselves , Turning away from morality , Nothing can save them now , Now choose this day Who you will serve To be the light in a darkened world , You feel dissolved and the water's beginning to rise , Become a light in this darkened world , This is < PROPFEMALE > , The choice is now defined , No more deception , Now change will come 
??? ??????? ????, ????? ??????? \ 
It's a good day to die ! 
Bitter thoughts became your every waking breath , Save the nights your hollow dreams revealed the sweet release of death , In your thoughts you played a symphony of self But your soul has bled a darker song of close to nothing left , You'll find it in the veil of night where solitude is born , In the emptiness of broken flesh , at the mercy of the thorns 
What the fuck am I doing ? I can't tell the difference from wrong and right , I second guess my decisions cause I haven't been this person in my whole life , Don't think you've got to go in alone here , I thought this was what you wanted , Someone who gets everything right , I thought this was what you wanted , Someone to put you first in their life , Cause we're running out of time 
It's taking every bit of me to keep this all inside , I've never been the type to turn my back and run , It's just never appealed to me to be the same as everyone And when it comes to shove , and I can't see you through the black , I'm going to scream your name till you come back !! 
Why does it falter ? We built it all ourselves . Why does it hurt so bad , forsaking all this help ? Why are we choking on pills designed to heal ? We threw our hearts away cause we're too afraid to feel 
These words are a weapon for the ones in pain , A fair fight for the children of a lesser name , We are the war against the sick and fatal fall of man , A hollow tip to the notion of a Godless stand , Quick to slam the gavel on a true solution , You let the fear become a stranglehold , Tear it all apart so you can render your own belief , You never listened to what you were told 
In the end it's not about what you have , In the end it's all about where you wanna go And the route you take to help you get there , I hope you think that's fair , Cause you've only got one life to lead So don't take for granted those little things , Those little things are all that we have 
No more are the days that I will Fear for I have found a strength that None can match and I'll push further , Now I feel the passion burning , This what drives me further Strengthens my resolve to push me further . 
I'd hate to keep you all wondering , I'm constant like the seasons , and I will never be a forgotten man , Let's leave no words unspoken and save regrets for the broken . All I want is a place to call my own , to mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone , You know to keep your hopes up high and your head down low . 
Your words swarm me through my soul like locusts , Eating away at any glimpse of focus . Their eyes flaming red like pain , Filling the void once righteous and bloodstained , But words can't kill the light inside me that tears me from the hate that binds me , I feel it crawling up my spine But I'll cut it off before it reaches the bloodline ! 
Driving the highway with nothing to do , Future fading away , The stereo is pumping Metallica tunes , Ride the lightning , oh yeah ! The car might be stolen , my clothes smell like dirt , Born to ramble and play , Play with fire , drunk in denial , Always in for a fight , I've been in the dark side of town They are bringing me in , They call me The Wild Rover of Hell 
A free lesson on growing up ; make the best of their worst and never compromise what you feel is right , I make a point to be powerful when i speak , be the one that gives them nightmares when they sleep , never back down from anyone ! 
Can I just say one more thing ? I'm not gonna bombard you with cliche's , But what I will say is this : It's the end of the world 
This wreckage you'll never be , If you were raised in Hell you'd be like me ! Don't tell me it's not your choice , You sold a blessed future for some noise ! Bury every sign of life in filth and hollow trend And push against progression on the path of logic's end , Like tears flowing upward ! 
Before my very last day I'm making it stop , I'm turning it off . I'll fight the feeling I have until everything's Gone ! Resistance has won , Now time is healing these wounds and You are still here releasing my fear , My life fell out of my hands , They took it away , I'm taking it back !! 
For now I am in control , choosing my own fate , And now I sleep at night because I'm not afraid , My demons haunting me , I chased them all away , I've conquered all my fears , my < PROPFEMALE > awaits , I'm no longer slipping , I'm not slipping away ! No one's out to get me , No one will get in my way ! No longer upside down , I've turned my life around ! Im more than meets the eye ! 
Sixteen , Oh holy day Your time has come and passed , The rapture we’ve been waiting for Has come to us at last , Sixteen for every fake , Sixteen to every whore , Wipe that dirt from off your face Sixteen is at your door , Farewell to false pretension , Farewell to hollow words , Farewell to fake affection , Farewell tomorrow burns 
I won't leave without a trace , I won't be erased . 
The wind is blowing cold , Have we lost our way tonight ? Have we lost our hope to sorrow ? Feels like we're all alone , Running further from what's right and there are no more heroes to follow . So what are we becoming ? Where did we go wrong ? I want to rise today And change this world , Won't you rise today and change this world ? 
Words can't kill the light inside me that tears me from the hate that binds me , I feel it crawling up my spine But I'll cut it off before it reaches the bloodline , You'll never fade me out ! You'll never turn me off ! You'll never reach the end ! You'll never hear enough ! You're half-grasp can't exterminate my stand ! You can't rule with a broken upper hand ! 
I know I'm not the perfect one , This pain has just begun , It's something I already < PROPMALE > , I already < PROPMALE > , You bring me to a better path , It's everything I asked , It's something I don't wanna face , I don't wanna face , There's nothing left ! The fear is gone ! And when my heartstrings come undone I will wait for you , I will pray for you , Before I make my final run I will stay with you , decay with you 
I do NOT have a soul ! I AM a soul . I have a body . 
There's nothing left So save your breath , Lying awake , Caught inside this tidal wave , Your cover's blown , No where to go , Only your fate , Loaded I will walk alone , Fire your guns It's time to run , Blow me away , I will stay in the mess I made , After the fall We'll shake it off , Show me the way , Only the strongest will survive , Lead me to heaven when we die , I am the shadow on the wall , I'll be the one to save us all ! 
All is lost again , But I'm not giving in , I will not bow , I will not break , I will shut the world away , I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away , FALL ! 
I tear on the leash that keeps me contained and controlled , Let me go ! I want to break free and fight my way out of this hole , One last hope to rise and break away , Above the faded line , Way beyond the ties that bind , This I know ; The risk is worth the gain , It's worth the sacrifice , Way beyond the ties that bind , I run but the chains pull me right back to the floor , I rattle the cage , I won't be your slave anymore !! 
My secret side i keep Hid under lock and key , I keep it caged but i can't control it , cause if i let him out He'll tear me up , break me down , Why won't somebody come and save me from this make it end ?! Its hidin in the dark , Its teeth are razor sharp , There's no escape for me , It wants my soul it wants my heart , No one can hear me scream , Maybe its just a dream Or maybe its inside of me ! Stop this monster !! 
Look into my eyes , do you see yourself ? The reflection I see everyday , I'd bury my hate , but the pain is killing me , ITS KILLING ME !! As I look in the mirror to see my face clearer , reflections of shame staring back at me , I choke on my wretchedness , the monster builds up inside me 
What I've felt , what I've known , Turn the pages , turn the stone , Behind the\ 
door , should I open it for you ? Yeah , What I've felt , what I've known , Sick and tired I stand alone , Could you be there , ' cause I am the one who waits for you ? Or are you unforgiven too ? 
I finally have internet on my phone ! this fills me with joy ! 
TAKS test tommorrow ...... FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU ------- 
I woke up ... with a clown's hands in my pants .... thats what i did today ... 
I hate it ! Cant take this ! I wanna break your f*ckin bones ! No mercy you faggot , shouldve left it all alone ! 
Wer zu Lebzeit gut auf Erden , wird nach dem < PROPMALE > ein Engel werden , den Blick gen Himmel fragst du < PROPFEMALE > , warum man sie nicht sehen kann\ 
Live in virtue , no < PROPFEMALE > , In the grave an angel's choir , You look to heaven and wonder why , No one can see them in the sky 
It's in my head , I can't forget what you once said , The words I read , the fractured soul that I can't mend , Right here with me , killing the void I used to be , Remembering through fading sparks of memory , Two broken hands lift seven wounds and fight to stand 
I want my anger to be healthy , and i want my anger just for me , and i want my anger not to control , and i want my anger to be me And i need to set my anger free 
24 Hours . thats all the time you have left . how do you soend your final day ? 
Every single time i feel the burn i try to throw it away , A fast fix for the brokenness of everyday , Its like the pain is building up , it's swelling up , I've got to choke it down and break it down until it's broke down ! It's like a shard of glass , it's like a broken piece Of everything i hate , it's everything in me ! A burnt heart stains black the blood it flows , A dead soul will overshadow . 
Burn it out , let it go , break it all , lose control , force it out , bring it through , pass it down , make it new ! Kill the pain , scrape it off , leave it here , make it stop ! Tear it down , bleed it out , all the hate , see it straight ! No one ever told me that it would all stay the same ! Everyday i fall on shards of my hatred and shame ! 
So i have no plans tonight . anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
When all seems lost we count the cost , We still remain connected , We'll be made strong , we are not wrong , We will not be neglected , I take this doubt and cast it out , Weakness will be rejected And through all wrongs we must stay strong , We will not be neglected ! 
Devoutly wished for blinded eyes , This tragedy is like light to flies , This seems to suit you better , Bleeding out the eyes . Hope's left in chain suspension , Holding onto lies to make the truth . Those who run will be burned 
Next person to mock my faith is getting a face full of my fist . 
Won’t bow to man ! Won’t bow to government ! Won’t trust in a failed system of self-fulfilling lust , Won’t love a world where my God is mocked , I defy ! 
I like to taze people at the rennasaunce fair . it makes me feeL like an evil wizard from the future 
Why does it falter ? We built it all ourselves . Why does it hurt so much , rejecting all this help . Why are we choking on pills designed to heal ? We threw our hearts away ' cause we're to afraid to feel 
Farewell to false pretension , Farewell to hollow words , Farewell to fake affection , Farewell , Tomorrow burns 
Who would win in a fight , Altair or Ezio ? Only hidden blades , basic armor . 
We work in the darkness to protect the light . Nothing is true , everything is permitted 
( 1/2 ) You dont understand me and you probably never will . Ive a tendancy to self-destruct and a soft spot for the filth . A hair trigger temperment , a switchblad 
* insert funny/clever/serious status here * 
\How the blood soaked protestant hell did you do that ? \ " \ 
The sun shines bright and anger rises , lorn and lonely torn apart . Dont you think\ 
its time to stop now ? We were charmed and fooled by the old serpent's kiss , lets pray that heaven is on our side , through violence and horror shall honour arise , so lets pray and blessed shall be our leader , we follow the < PROPMALE > and bright , there on the battlefield he stands , down the battlefield he's lost and on the battlefield it ends 
STOP !! You violated the law ! 
Wake up screaming , Im awake and dreaming , but I wont stop breathing till my heart stops beating 
Fallen , Fell to the depths of your regrets and now there's nothing left but apathy , Blinded by pride , Torn on the inside , Count the cost of your arrogance , Words pass through deafened ears and now your broken wings mirror your self-regret , Why do we live so blind ? Like a fallen angel's eyes . Torn inside , This is the hymn of a broken man 
SAXTON HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one of I love ... My mind holds the key 
I gave you every guiding word to cut it off ! Now you hand me back the blade to make that first incision for you ! 
I know the light is burning dim and dying in you , I know the pain that lies within – I feel it too . I mourn your blindness . I die along , and swallow darkness . In misery is where I belong ! Collapsing in on yourself – I don’t know why I try ! Collapsing in on yourself – I don’t know why you deny ! 
No one can see me and I've lost all feel­ing , I know I wont die alone . I'll stop you from breath­ing and all your de­ceiv­ing ! Ive lost all form and unity , where has my life gone ? I'll bring you doom that you can see and bring you down to see you bleed , And ev­ery­thing dies look to the skies to see the end of all cre­ation again , and no­body cries when ev­ery­one dies and no one's alive , bring me 115 ! 
Kill the blind assumption that you know how I react inside ! I am not so hollow you can see what grows inside my mind ! 
So i am locked out of my house for at least 2 hours .... Anyone know how to pick a lock ? 
All this pressure is eating me up inside , And I feel like I'm being buried alive again , All this pressure is tearing me up inside And the fear of failing is on my mind again , The anxiety's building up inside And the thought of losing is running strong again , All these questions are building in my mind , The intensity that surrounds my life Has me asking if I'm doing right again , All the memories of me failing life 
These shackles , they come with certain opportunities , They won't let me get away but they show me we're the same , I can't give in , I won't give in , It's not a state of mind , I'm wretched but I'm powerful and I don't feel like I am real , but I know It's all imaginary . Are they real ? And do they feel ? Is all the pain just inside my head ? 
I just realized I have no talents !! 
I dont just give you my two cents ... I whip a roll of quaters at your head ! 
The cobra that escaped from the zoo in the Bronx has its own twitter account ! What has this world come to ?! 
I can see them everywhere they're all around me , they're waiting for me . Descending , un-relenting . Beauty of annihilation . Your curiosity , feeding off my animosity , and reason is treason . DOWN with all that's good and clean ! You can't f***ing annihilate me ! Bring you down with Seven point nine two and no impunity ! 
