Harumph . 

Good luck on finals , everyone . 
Turducken for Christmas dinner . Hell yeah . 
I can't believe I'm stuck here until January 20th . 
< PROPFEMALE > room ... crappy food ... I missed you , Oneonta . 
Not even two weeks into the semester and i'm falling to pieces ... 
Doppelgängerweek ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . 
I got the gallery opening . The show will be from March 3rd to March 17th in the project space gallery . I'm going to try and set up a reception , I should know when that will be by this Friday . If you are reading this , you are welcome to come ! 
The reception for the opening will be on March 4th , from 5:30 to 6:30 in the fine arts center !! See you there ... ( Or not ) 
I don't want to go home for break goddamnit . 
When i'm awake , I spend all day waiting to go to sleep . When i'm asleep , I dream about waking up . 
I'm so sick of life . 
Roller Coaster Tycoon and hard boiled eggs at 10:20 PM ... THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS TO ME WHEN I'M HOME . 
I feel ... strange ... what's wrong with me ? 
I think I used to be a good student ... I just don't seem to care anymore . 
I am going to be working my ASS OFF next semester ... 
... there is no reward for goodness ; there is no respite for faith ; there is nothing but cold steel teeth and scourging fire for all of us . And it's coming for you now . \ " , 201 0-0 4-29 20:29:40 " 
Anyone doing anything this weekend ? I feel like I might die of boredom here ... 
I used to care about stuff ... but now its all just melded together into a big grey blob of meaninglessness :/ 
So i'm done with finals ... what happens now ? 
Back in Oneonta ... 
Sometimes I just hate everything about life . It might not be so bad if there was actually anything to do in Oneonta . 
So much for avoiding loneliness and boredom . 
One second its warm and < PROPFEMALE > , the next its pouring rain . Oneonta . 
Sometimes I feel like an angry old man in a young man's body . 
Back in Ossining 
We're all trapped on Earth and there's no way out ... 
I'm bored and tired . 
Back in Oneonta again . 
You know its funny , these people go to sleep ... they think everything's fine everything's good ... They wake up the next day and they're on fire ! 
Back in Ossining , going on vacation on the 14th , then back to school ! 
Sometimes just being alive pisses me off ... 
Anthropology : The more I learn about humans , the less I care about them : l 
Nighthosting for all the 5 people left in Hays . Goodie . 
I'm f i n e . 
Who's ready for submarine day ?!?! Coming October 23rd !! 
I just want to curl up and die . 
I feel nervous and exhausted . I'm tired of school and i'm tired of life . :/ 
Damn it all . 
Ain't nothing wrong with a Massa massage when you're in a chronic platonic quintuple menage ...! 
Pie for breakfast , pie for lunch . And dinner ? Pie . 
Back in Oneonta ... and already feeling overwhelmed with stuff to do . 
Ugh :( 
Just when things couldn't get any worse ... 
Okay everyone , I need to start collecting doodles for next semester . So if you doodle in class and would like to share in an open gallery / contribute to the study I will be doing , tell me !! The more people I get to contribute , the better it will be . 
All this \love\ " and \ " Christmas spirit\ " is making my head hurt . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , internet . 
is NOT looking forward to shoveling this shit tomorrow . 
Just saw Black Swan ... that was intense ... 
I am still collecting doodles for my independent study ! If you doodle in class , please help by contributing YOUR doodles to be displayed in the Fine Arts Center later this semester . I could really use some help , so if you'd like to be part of this , let me know . 
GO PACK GO !!! 
Sometimes dead ... is better ! 
Go away , sore throat . 
Even if I found true happiness , I wouldn't know what to do with it . 
I should be doing something . There is nothing I to do ... 
Do you doodle ? Do you want to see your doodles on a big wall with a bunch of other doodles ? Let me know , the deadline is creeping up . 
Doodle display is up : take a look when you can . I should get the guest book in there soon , and I will have pictures as well . 
