anybody notice who is the #3 recruiting class in the nation ? on our way up baby ! WDE ! 

is trying to figure out what to do tonight ? any ideas ? 
OH MAN ! WE HAVE STUDENTS ! 
is gonna get to ... no longer central late tonight so check in tomorrow ! nolongercentral.blogspot.com 
is think Life is great and God never ceases to amaze me . Love you too brother ! 
is going to buy a new < PROPFIRST > tomorrow .... any ideas on what we should name her ? 
her name is < PROPFEMALE > 
is excited about what God is doing in our midst . Be not afraid , He goes before us always ! 
is excited about what God is doing in our midst . Be not afraid , He goes before us always ! nolongercentral.blogspot.com 
is going to bed .... again . nolongercentral.blogspot.com 
i love transformers ! 
is going to bed . night all . 
is tired and should probably go to bed . 
i always love the opportunity to share my faith with students . Thank you Jesus ! Night all ! 
is blown away by how ridiculously cool the students and adults from the past 3 weeks have been ... love me some YouthWorks ! 
is having a great day and going back to the pow wow ! 
is having a great day and going back to the pow wow . Happy fourth friends ! http://nolongercentral.blogspot.com 
just posted some great pics of the pow wow on his profile and now he is about to go back for the next grand entry . 
wishes his dearest friends could have experienced the pow wow with his today . ive posted pics . blessings friends ! 
is loving his new photo album from saturdays pow wow ... take a look and leave some thoughts ! 
is reminiscing about all these years in Student Ministry . What have been your favorite memories ? 
is praying for First Baptist Church in Shreveport . I am sorry for your loss . MAy the peace of Christ be with your spirit . www.fbcshreveport.org 
is excited about all God has in store ! 
finally ... rest . Word from experience ... dont spend so much time being aware of the enemies work that you forget to see the good work Christ is doing . Whatever you do ... DONT MISS HIM ! http://www.nolongercentral.blogspot.com 
' s wallet , cell phone , and bluetooth were stolen last night . UGH ! My prayers are with my coworker < PROPFIRST > who's guitar was also stolen . I dunno . 
just posted \ ... a new friend for the journey ... \ " to \ " ... nlc . \ " Check it out . Also you can subscribe by email now . http://nolongercentral.blogspot.com " 
is going to be posting \ ... nlc\ " a little late this week . Check tomorrow . http://nolongercentral.blogspot.com " 
is taking a week off from \ ... nlc . \ " BUT ... highly looking forward to next week's post \ " ... crisis ... \"" 
just finished catching up on Big Brother .... So glad < PROPFIRST > is FINALLY GONE ! 
Lord our Lord , how majestic is your name in all of the earth ! 
says , at the end of the day , it is what it is , it will be what it will be , God is still good and LOVE STILL WINS ! 
is in < PROPMALE > ! Can't believe my YouthWorks ! summer is over . almost . 
is about to get on the Road again .... posted to \ ... no longer central\ " last night . http://nolongercentral.blogspot.com " 
the \L\ " is back in \ " TLC\ " ! Gulf Shores is great and so is my favorite cousin < PROPFEMALE >!" 
is thinking the \L\ " is back in \ " TLC\ " ! Gulf Shores is great ! My best < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is great ! And my favorite cousin < PROPFEMALE > is GREAT ! " 
is going to eldorado tonight ! Go wildcats ! 
is listening . 
is tired , mentally , physically , spiritually . Just tired . 
is ready . not ready . ready . not ready . ready . 
is ready . 
is not opposed . 
is looking for a job in Mobile , any ideas ? 
is getting away to where the boat leaves from ! 
just posted to \ ... nlc\ " for the first time in a couple of weeks . " 
3 days , 5 hours , 13 minutes , 30 secs . 
2 days , 5 hours , 10 mins , 45 secs . WDE ! 
WAAAAARRRRRR EAGLE ! HEY ! 
is going to see ZAC BROWN BAND ! 
just lost the game . 
thought the speech was great , but was disgusted by one man's lack of respect for the office of the President . Can't wait to see these comments . 
thinks we are slowly forgetting all those that died on this day 8 years ago . Nobody is talking about it today . It will be sad day when it is just another anniversary , but such is the cycle of life . 
1 day , 1 hour , 8 minutes , 13 secs .... WDE ! 
is sitting with my beautiful niece Faith at Starbucks . 
has internet at the house ... FINALLY ! 
is goin to the mall . 
jacked up ! Leavin ' for Auburn today ! WDE ! 
i thnking ... tailgating , Tiger Walk , the Eagle soars , and the Mountaineers go home cryin ' while we roll Toomer's Corner ! WAR EAGLE ! 
has slept a ridiculous amount today , but the game was totally worth the exhaustion . WAR EAGLE ! 
is going to bed . finally . 
Your name is a strong and mighty tower , Your Name is a refuge like no other , Your name let the nations sing it louder . Nothing has the power to save , but Your name ! 
Let's go rebs ! We want you undefeated when you come to The Plains ! WDE ! 
was cheering for for ole ' miss but way to go South < PROPFEMALE > ! The ole ' ball coach pulled it off ! 
what to do , what to do ? 
is going for a walk . 
he loves like a hurricane . I am a tree , bending beneath the weight of his wind and his mercy . 
just started reading , \Same Kind of Different as Me . \ " Seems like it is going to be a great book ! " 
come on kentucky .... get your act together . 
WAAAAARRRR EAGLE ! HEY ! 
5 Down , 7 to go .... bet my friends can't wait to see < PROPMALE > Malzahn back in Fayetteville ! This time he is going to silence that hog call ! 
is getting back on track . The one thing I dont question is you , you really love me like you say you do . So hold me . 
finally got his substitute teacher acceptance letter today .... now only 83,000 more hoops to jump through .... ugh ! 
\ ... nlc\ " is back . if you are interested check it out . " 
is thankful for God's love and for where he has placed me ! 
wow .... what a phenomenal book .... everyone should read Same Kind of Different as Me by < PROPMALE > Hall and < PROPMALE > Moore . 
is wondering why we are bombing the < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow .... just weird . 
is ready to see the hog call silenced .... WDE ! 
um , the new tabaso commercial is quite creepy . 
um , the new tabasco commercial is quite creepy . 
is glad President Obama realizes he has accomplished nothing to merit the Nobel Peace Prize . 
is just realizes how thankful he is that he has no staff meeting today ! Praise God ! 
and I worship you because of who you are . 
is going to see paranormal activity at midnight ... what am i thinking ? 
is realizing that Paranormal Activity was a very bad idea . That stuff just doesn't sit right with me . 
Happy Homecoming Wildcats .... be good and have fun . 
is proud of the wildcats ! Good job guys ! 
mmmmm ..... soy milk . 
is thinking it doesn't feel like sunday . 
i've seen fire and i've seen rain , i've < PROPFEMALE > days that i thought would never end . lonely times when i could not find a friend . and i always thought that id see you again . 
has got to go to bed . night friends . 
is tired , but taken care of . 
life is good today ..... life is good today ! 
is thinking .... < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was not made < PROPMALE > until 20 years after he was annointed as such . A tough place to be is knowing that God has created you for something specific but not released you to it yet . 
just saw a picture of his Great Great Great Grandfathers grave ... this is crazy ... i am a believer in ancestry.com now . 
83% of people getting their healthcare from free clinics have a job . Who knew ? 
all your ways and all your thunder , got me in a haze lookin ' for cover , where we gonna go from here . where we gonna go from here . 
is blown away by the amount of teenagers posting their quiz results to , \who will you first have sex with\ " and \ " how long can you last in bed . \ " CRAZY ! " 
HAS A JOB ! WOO HOO !!! 
is proud of those wildcats ! 
hear me cease to speak , that I may speak . 
hear me cease to speak , that i may speak ... Psalm 46.10 
had a great first night at work ... big fan of making a paycheck again . 
has to get accustomed to being on his feet this much again . Retail ... gotta love it . 
just saw the first advertisement for 24 ! WOO HOO ! 
hopes < PROPFIRST > Letterman really gets < PROPFEMALE > Palin on his show ! Classic ! 
' s very thankful to all of my dear friends ! Whoa .... i'm 28 . 
HOTTY TODDY , GOSH ALMIGHTY , YOU ARE THE TEAM THAT JUST GOT SPANKED BY AUBURN ... WDE ! 
thinks he has found a new home church ... awkwardly homey ! 
may not make it through this saints game .... gotta work in the am .... praise God ! 
has had a great day ! God is good ! and I am working my game plan ... 
just found out that longtime director of Family Guy , < PROPFIRST > Povenmire used to live down the street from us and we have an original ink drawing that he gave to us . $$$$ 
just found out that longtime director of Family Guy , < PROPFIRST > Povenmire used to live down the street from us and we have an original ink drawing that he gave to us . 
just realized that his phone rode to lafayette with his roommate for a week . lovely . 
here comes THE CLOSER ! Go Yanks ! 
needs to go to bed .... long day tomorrow .... your prayers would be appreciated . 
way to go Yanks ! 
evidently it is \Thank a Youth Worker\ " Day . Thanks to all of the adult leaders that have put up with me over the years and been so passionate about pouring into the lives of students ! " 
is reminded not to pray for success , only faithfulness . Mother < PROPFEMALE > really got it right . 
the only thing I ever remember God insisting that we KNOW is the simple fact that HE IS GOD ! 
is do glad to come home from work ! Praise God from whom all blessings flow ! 
friday night .... what to do , what to do ? 
kinda wants to go to the Creek Thanksgiving Pow Wow . 
WOO HOO ! < PROPFIRST > DYER comin to Auburn ! Gotta Love It ! WDE ! 
a 12 hour day at work ! gotta love it ! feet are killing me though . 
looking at renting a house .... any mobile friends need roommates ? 
is realizing that the jar of flour and the oil are not being used up .... WAITIN ON THE RAIN !!! 
is astonished . 
belief often begins through being thankful . 
thinks LSU fans are hilarious ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was the \second coming\ " and now you all want to fire him . its about time he is exposed . WDE ! " 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > jones is a trip . 
praying for a 1993 outcome this week . please lord ! 
is glad to have < PROPFIRST > back home . 
is going to bed . thankful for a great day ! 
t minus nine hours before i have to be at work . 
Tminus 5 hours .... need some sleep .... WDE ! 
is officially 40 hours without sleep ... good day ... good night . 
had a great time listening to a great musician .... good show mark ... good show . 
OUTBACK BOWL BABY ! Getcha Some ! WDE ! 
yeah you do what you want , including being an idiot . 
im not bound to what Ive been .... Im forgiven ! looking forward to sunday . 
GO WILDCATS ! WDE ! and ROLL < PROPMALE > ROLL ! 
headed to St. < PROPFIRST > Street ... so ridiculously proud of all the El Dorado Wildcats ! Arkansas State Champs ! 
is going to bed . night . 
has found a new appreciation for the song \Do You Hear What I Hear ? \"" 
really wishes the federal government would keep their nose out of College Football . 
is working a double tomorrow .... should be a blast ... really glad i found the saints tshirt i wanted though . 
is off tomorrow ! 
did schlabaugh really just rank the pac 10 over the sec ? 
its great to be an auburn tiger ! 
time to go back to work . 
is going to get ready for work ... feel free to drop by and see me tonight . 
where are you christmas ? 
just wants to drive . Where are you Christmas ? 
is soooo stinkin ready for a new year ! 
is hoping for a cam < PROPMALE > commit tomorrow ! 
WELCOME TO AUBURN < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
needs a bonfire . 
if anybody is a fan of trainwrecks , you can always watch the 40 year old new kids on the block try to dance on the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > special ! 
alright im gonna pretend i am in the eastern time zone and hit the hay ... HAPPY NEW YEAR ! Thank you to all the people who were a part of my 2010 and I look forward to a great 2011 ! 
Comin ' to your city ! Its so good to have one more Saturday of College Game Day ! 
lets go bulldogs ! Go Gators ! & ummmm .... well , hmmm .... how do i say this ? can't do it ! WAR EAGLE ! 
1 week from today I will be on a flight to Phoenix , AZ ! War Eagle ! 
i just saw my seats watching the fiesta bowl ! Let's Go UCONN ! 
8 days , 7 hours , 18 mins . WAR EAGLE ! 
he has told you oh man what is good ; that you would act justly , love mercy aznd walk humbly with your God . < PROPFIRST > 6.8 
some alabama fan PLEASE redeem the fan base and tell me that you are at least slightly offended by the white trashiness of Trace Adkins new song ... 
just doesnt get the Texas Tech hire , but it will be good to see Coach on the sidelines again . 
TEBOWS IN THE SENIOR BOWL ! SWEET ! 
is going to bed ? yeah i guess i am . 
is praying for the people of haiti . 
is praying for the haiti mission team form first methodist shreveport as they try to get back to the states . 
lets go auburn ... they lost their coach this week , lets help them lose this basketball game too ! WDE ! 
how did i miss that Auburn just picked another 5star ! 
very good pick tennessee .... for a minute i thought you were going to get cutcliffe . 
i could not say i believe . I know ! I have had the experience of being gripped by something that is stronger than myself , something that people call God . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
is ready for part 2 of 24 ! Im way opposed to the new head of CTU , but way ready for < PROPFEMALE > to be back ! 
oh man ... why cant we just do the entire season of 24 in one night .... PLEASE ! 
oh man oh man .... didnt realize tonight's 24 was two hours ! woo hoo ! 
holy crap < PROPFEMALE > . 
the senior bowl sold out .... glad i got my tickets ! 
wants to go stay in RV city for Mardi Gras ! thats ridiculous . 
welcome to Auburn < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
is just a little exhausted ... 
is trying to learn how to be patient ... 
is going to bed . 
is frustrated but will be ok . 
hmmmm ...... 
cant sleep . 
work .... gotta love it ..... ok , well gotta do it . 
my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > said something that blew my mind this weekend ... \there is a difference between socializing and developing authentic relationships . \ " got me thinking about somethings .... just sayin ' . " 
wants to work for google . 
anybody tailgating for the senior bowl ? also i MIGHT have an extra 1 or 2 tickets in the North end zone .... if you are interested , let me know . 
has two tickets for the senior bowl ... anybody in ? 
is going to work . 
is ready for a great day ... 
welcome to the plains < PROPFIRST > Whittaker ! War Eagle ! 
the pain you feel is just the hurt before the healing . 
wait what is that i see , Auburn number 3 on the rivals recruiting board .... hoping for a big finish ! WDE ! 
good luck at USC Mr. Lattimore ... say goodbye to your < PROPMALE > at any kind of championships . 
has finally got all his W2's and tax refund on the way ! THANK YOU LORD ! 
have a nice year lil ' < PROPMALE > . 
doesnt really want to go to bed , but hmmmm ..... what else to do ? 
is way not happy right now . 
that pain you feel is just the hurt before the healing .... Oh man am i counting on that . 
just watched the opening ceremonies for the olympics .... reminded me of montana . 
< PROPFIRST > Cain Day .... gotta love it . 
to Fat Tuesday or not to Fat Tuesday ..... that is the question . 
< PROPFIRST > I was thinking about you when i was reading proverbs today ! haha 
im thinking too cold for Fat Tuesday ! 
after the past couple of days , i am finally remembering what REAL Mardi Gras is like .... sorry Shreveport . 
bored . 
holy crap USA hockey ! 
OH CANADA ! USA just whooped ya ! AMAZING GAME ! 
is so tired . good night friends . 
is ready to play some racquetball tomorrow .... bring your A game < PROPMALE > ! HAHAHA 
always loves a good tsunami watch ... 
is taking the day off tomorrow ... 
is up really early ... 
anybody want to go see NeedToBreathe at soul kitchen on the 9th of march ? 
ya know , if i werent already going to A Day , I would definitely be watching it on ESPNU . 
hmmm .... 
is trying to figure out something to do tonight . 
has to work this afternoon .... anyone need to open a Kohl's charge ? haha 
is ready to go to the beach next week ... 
is thinking it will be good to < PROPFEMALE > the new arena with a new coach ... WDE ! 
wiggle waggle walk at brookley field ... Jordan looks underwhelmed .... 
what a great day ... ready for work tonight and beach tomorrow ! 
is looking out over the water as i speak .... um .... type i mean . 
got away to where the boat leaves from ! 
is praying for a supernatural 10 degrees warmer so the beach is actually enjoyable ! 
going to work at kohls til 1030 then back to the beach ! Someone come in and open a Kohl's charge with me .... PLEASE ! haha 
is finally seeing sunlight ... 
is just waiting to hear . 
Good Job Auburn Baseball , 20-3 over Georgia .... WDE ! 
is feeling good about this summer . 
has made a decision ! woo hoo ! 
is still holding his breath for tubby smith ! 
is praying for < PROPMALE > coleman .... get well man and WDE ! 
is curious , what have you learned today ? 
is curious , what today has been the biggest surprise for you ? 
is ticked ..... cant find my cell phone ! ugh ! 
yeah so there i am with my niece hunting easter eggs when i see my dog < PROPFIRST > sniffing in the bushes .... i thought she found an egg , but NO ..... there was a horrible noise and she comes out ravaging a racoon . Explain that to a 5 year old . 
is counting down the days ... cant wait ! 
will be in minneapolis this time next week ... should be a good time ! 
is watching palin speak in new orleans ... can you say all hat and no cattle ... anyways all politics make me wanna vomit lately . 
is sittin'on G , waitin ' on O ! 
is going to minneapolis in three days .... 
it's official .... Lame Deer , Montana , I'm coming back ! 
wheels up , 2 1/2 hours . 
is amazed ... two flights in a row where i have been one of three people with noone sitting beside me . 
is in the Twin Cities ! well technically i guess i am in just one of them right now . 
is def in minnesota ... im at a restaurant and all they have is walleye , and all the tvs are turned to the hockey game . 
is almost home ... 
back to work .... 
cant wait for YouthWorks 2010 ! 
desires to move out of chapter 4 . 
is ready to see all of his friends on the northern < PROPFEMALE > reservation . not long now . 
is missing Coke Blak . 
congrats < PROPFEMALE > and cody ... the wedding was great and dinner ... WOW ! 
had a great church service , had a great time at the lake with friends and dogs , and then finished the day off with great coffee and great company at Bigby ! what a day ! Thanks God . 
is so ready .... 27 days ! 
if we dont love each other greatly , perhaps its because we dont love God greatly .... and if we dont love God greatly , perhaps its because we have forgotten how much he has forgiven us . -- paraphrased from < PROPMALE > McGehee at The Grove 
24 days tul denver ..... doot , doot , doot , doot . < PROPMALE > STINE do you get it ? 
my third block class is very , um ... interesting today . 
is thinking ... hmmmm . 
is 83 different types of ready to go back to montana ! 
kinda wants to go to a movie or something .... 
misses the sun . 
is thinking , no < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , nothing you have said really makes much sense to me . 
is going to montgomery tonight . 
success is going from failure to failure and never losing your enthusiasm . -- winston churchhill 
is soooo tired , cant believe i am still up . 
feliz cinco de mayo ! 
good night friends ! 18 more days ! 
cant figure out how to get ringtones on his new phone ? :( 
doesnt get it sometimes . oh well . 
is pretty sure Morning < PROPFIRST > is the best show ever .... how boring am I ? 
Yeah the new phone is alright ... I'm a fan 
cant believe he is going to his 10 , ummm i mean 11 year reunion tonight .... where did the time go ? 
is it me or does gov . < PROPMALE > have a mullet ? 
its a beautiful day , dont let it slip away ! 
is about to start packing .... really want to go see iron man 2 tonight ..... anyone else ? 
for all of you saying that iron man 2 was not as good as the first .... Psssha .... it was just as good . good night world . 14 days . 
may be a little too ready for my Montana Summer .... I just finished packing .... I leave in two weeks . 
is ready to go to the Auburn Baseball game tonight at South Alabama ..... WDE ! 
But you can , be the change you wanna see . \ 
Be the hope to those whose lives are far from easy . \ 
Reach out and lend a hand , share everything you can , \ 
And be the change , be the change . 
is really glad to see < PROPFEMALE > knapp back with a new album today . 
finally has Site Staff for the Summer ... woo hoo ! 
is having a pretty great day ... 
lets go cavs ! 
the < PROPMALE > has fallen ... where did Lebron go ? 
i'm glad my life has been rocked over the past year and I rejoice in the opportunity I have had to stop judging others lives and lifestyles but to get the plank out of my eye . I have to give thanks to God for leading me through tough times and fires , even though it involves things that bring me down sometimes . My walk with him could e stronger ... HE HAS SUPPLIED !!! 
is getting away to where the boat leaves from ... 
took a three hour nap this afternoon .... now i really need to find my phone . 
is kinda wishing he had not taken that 3 hour nap today .... sleeping is going to be an issue now , but i am sure going to try ! 
it's an amazing day ! 
can't believe he is leaving in 6 days ! 
is going to Chicken-n-Rice . 
morning < PROPFIRST > and then chapel . 
is ready ..... 5 days ..... 
is waiting to see all the Alabama fans justifying posts about how they never liked < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to begin with .... 
going to bed .... g'night! 
< PROPFEMALE > at bayfest ... im impressed . 
is going to bed .... night .... 3 days . 
dang you aycock ... best of luck .... hello < PROPFIRST > dyer ! 
I mean .... holy crap AUBURN could still be the 2004 national champions .... 
sec west champions in baseball ! WDE ! 
one more hour at kohls .... montana here I come ! 
almost time to go ... 
final boarding call for < PROPMALE > green , final boarding call for < PROPMALE > green . 
wheels up ! 
and wheeels down .... hello < PROPMALE > ! 
is going to bed .... THANK YOU LORD ! 
is really back in Lame Deer ? Hows awesome is this ! 
is getting ready for a staff meeting ! woo hoo ! 
... and they call the thing rodeo . 
ate elk and antelope last night , followed by a trip to the buffalo jump ..... all this red meat ..... im miserable ( sarcasm ) 
is on his way to < PROPFEMALE > for a little bit . My staff is so ridiculously good ! 
a great day in Lame Deer , kinda amazed at how many people remember me , and how many new people i am getting to know . 
lets go auburn ! WDE ! 
HAS FACEBOOK ? HOLY MESS .... GREAT FIRST WEEK ! 
survived another week .... great week friends ! 
IS SLIGHTLY JEALOUS OF THE 35,000 PEOPLE GOING TO SEE < PROPFIRST > BUFFETT . 
is having a serious case of < PROPFEMALE > vu .... 
IS STILL WORKING ON PAPERWORK IN THE HOTEL .... BLESS HIS HEART .... 
really God ? you are so ridiculous .... in a good way of course . 
is in < PROPMALE > , winding things down . It's been an awesome summer ! 
had a great day in denver .... will be in mobile thursday , and then the move . 
is amazed at how much faster people walk when they are on pavement . Soon to be boarding . 
wheels up . 
wheels down . Welcome home < PROPMALE > , welcome home . 
sweet home Alabama ... wde ! 
is ready to start his new job ! 
enjoying lunch with my roommate and pastor .... good times at the hungry owl . 
is in sams club on friday ... why do I do this to myself ? 
is headed to prattville tomorrow ... 
goodnight time ... 
\Next generation leaders are those who would rather challenge what needs \ 
has a new roommate 
drove to prattville and back today .... exhausted ... but I at least have a home in Birmingham . Thankful . 
... 
is feeling at peace . 
is thinking about going vegetarian .... i know , i know , the last person you ever expected to hear that from .... my niece and I are going to give it a try for a month . we'll see . haha 
morning joe ... ive missed you ... 
\know the power that is peace . \ " -- Black Elk " 
is way tired . Stas ' a whams ! 
needs coffee . 
is learning about the new communities he will be working in . 
is ready to go to fairhope tomorrow night and then to Panama City Beach for the weekend ! Woo Hoo ! 
subbing for a dance class today ... REALLY ! Hairspray 3 times today .... ugh . 
really God ? Are you serious right nowN 
10 more minutes left ... im killing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for giving me a dance class to sub for .... 
panama city beach here come . 
congrats < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
last day at the beach then time to start moving . 
headed back to mobtown . Time to pack ... 
is wondering how in the world i am going to move all this crap in a pontiac grand am ... 
g'night world . 
really enjoyed lunch with < PROPFIRST > Tippit today ! 1 More day , then off to Birmingham ! 
is hoping someone in Birmingham would like to have a great dog .... that way I can at least come visit her . 
is soooo tired .... going to bed .... big day tomorrow . 
its a new day , with a new home , a new job , new friends , and new mercies . Oh yeah , and Auburn football is like 10 days away ! WDE ! 
is amazed at how much stuff csn be crammed into a grand am ... 
is home . 
is so stinkin tired , but so thankful to be home and looking forward to everything . new bosses , new roommate , new job , new town . new start . 
just had a pretty ridiculous tasting burger from Chez Fon Fon . 
is disappointed ... but I am quite confident that God is still good and love still wins ! 
life is good today , life is good today ! 
ok bham traffic ... its 245 ... really ? 
ate a pretty beast dinner and watching a movie .... had a great day ! 
ir prolly gonna hit the pool for a bit today . 1 week . WAR EAGLE ! 
is thinking < PROPFIRST > Beck cares more about self-promotion than anything else .... just sayin ' . 
yogurtlab ... im a fan . 
N E E D C O F F E E ! ! ! 
is not real sure how to sleep on a real bed anymore . 
oh my holy crap , i love those st. andrews folks ! 
just found out starbucks brought back the salted caramel hot chocolate ... glorious day ! 
is heading back to the hotel from a great day of work ... 
was greatly energized by work today .... 
two days . Fve hours . 53 minutes . WDE ! 
minneapolis has been nice and 61 degrees .... back to the real world now . 
5 hours .... WDE ! 
is wearing his new AU jersey for the first time today ! WDE 
are you kidding me ole miss ?! 
cam newton ... im a fan . 
WAAAAAAAARRRRR EAGLE ! Hey ! 
if you will look to your left you will see a vary rare species .... we call it Cam < PROPMALE > . WDE ! 
ruined to respond with renewal . 
IS BORED ! 
sittin and readin at my first birmingham starbucks ... seems starbucks s the most consistent thing in my life ... haha 
good night friends . 
is thinking about going out to the pool . 
come on va tech ! 
who is surprised about this game ? typical boise state . 
The deepest definition of youth is life as yet untouched by tragedy . - < PROPMALE > North Whitehead 
im sure i will appreciate my last day off from work tomorrow , but really just want to get to work honestly . 
is ready to work . this time off stuff is driving me crazy ! 
wished he could go to hear Homemade Wine play at < PROPFEMALE>'s this friday night .... hey i gotta an idea , why dont some of my good friends get together and go for me .... let me know how it goes ! 
should probably go to bed so i can have a productive first day in the office ... 
these are the momets you appreciate mobile traffic ... 
had a great first day in the office today ! 
finally has cable in his room again .... hmmm , now i just need my remote from mobile . 
GAME DAY BABY ! WAR EAGLE ! YOU BRING ' EM , WE'LL RING EM ! 
it was ugly but we'll take it ... WAR EAGLE ! 
It's finally friday ! It's a long shot but lets go JoePa ! 
feels like crap . 
judging from College Game Day , many people have made their first ever trip to Tuscaloosa today . < PROPMALE > Dooley should probably give their fans a talkin ' to about taking showers every now and then . 
is excited to watch the game with Ranger and < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
is watching \9/11 : As It Happened\ " Still so real and still so unbelievable . " 
thinks its hilarious .... maybe ESPN will be out all night ! hahahaha 
has had good evening and the headache seems to be going away ... thanks for the advice < PROPFEMALE > ! Looking forward to church at RedStone tomorrow ! 
is thankful for a great church service ! 
you know , they say money won't buy happiness , but i would sure like to find out for myself . 
is tired of being sick . 
really , REALLY wants to feel better . 
Not sure what I will do if they ever cancel morning joe ... great show 
is BEGINNING to feel normal . 
is so tired of hearing about the crush that alabama fans and penn state fans have on each other . really ? who cares . 
is ALMOST 100% ... praise God , doesnt look like I am dying like I originally thought . 
double meat , double cheese , double bacon , double bypass ..... so G double O D . Good ! 
ALL IN ! WDE ! 
finally found his Auburn ticket ! 
GO EL DORADO WILDCATS AND WDE ! 
so good to be back in the holy land .... Auburn , Alabama ! War Eagle ! 
Again ... it was ugly but it was a win ... where did my voice go ? 
all I do is win win win no matter what ! War Eagle ! 
Who Dat ! 
some lady from Hawaii just won an all expense paid trip to Hawaiii on Wheel of Fortune ! HAHAHAHAHA ! 
is gonna get to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! I found her a great home in Birmingham ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO PIG SOOIE ! WDE ! 
is still such a huge fan of Rev . < PROPMALE > Polk at FUMC El Dorado ! What a guy ! 
GAME DAY BABY ! WAR EAGLE AND WOOOOOO PIG SOOIE ! 
dont worry < PROPFEMALE > dareus , there is always room for one more medical \scholarship \"" 
good , good game . 
is pretty sure that if I had hair , this game would make me pull it out .... either way , here we go ! WAR EAGLE ! 
ain't that somthin ' 
man i wish i had bet on the miss state game .... totally called that one 
ITS GREAT TO BE AN AUBURN TIGER ! WAR EAGLE ! 
AP #10 ... im good with that ! War Eagle ! 
is sitting at the best starbucks ever in chattanooga , tn . a fireplace .... really ? 
is ready for a new day ! 
is amazed that people don't realize you put two spaces in between a period and the next sentence . 
Go Gators and WDE ! 
5-0 , War Eagle ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the luckiest man in the world . sucks . 
War Eagle ! 
thinks Florida got lucky . They should have dropped further than that . 
is enjoying the Bowden's on Fox SportSouth . 
is enjoying a great night in Birmingham with 54 degrees ! 
anymore of that nonsense and you're all outta here . 
is ready to go do some lunch time mentoring at Cornerstone School ! Cornerstone Schools Partner < PROPFEMALE > 
This tutoring second graders in english is awesome ! 
just got off the phone with the most Christ-like man I have ever known ... 
had a great relaxing time at WorkPlay last night . Good music and great company . 
is going to get Shel some coffee . 
Is on the road again ... 
Feels like some friday night football ... who should I see ? Hmmm .... 
I decided on el dorado ! 
WAR EAGLE ! 
WDE ! Thanks ball coach ! 
Game time ! WAR EAGLE ! 
Good drive boys ... war eagle ! 
#7 in the nation ... ver nice . 
had a great weekend in El Dorado Arkansas and now working in Tallulah Louisiana ! 
had a great day in Tallulah ! 
has never really bothered to much with professional baseball ... so not sure I care too much about < PROPFIRST > Cox leaving , so .... um .... thanks for everything ! 
Cam < PROPMALE > leads heisman predictor . sweet . 
is in < PROPMALE > Mississippi and just had some ridiculously good pizza ! 
68 days , thousands of feet underground . I cant even imagine how than man felt to see his son and wife . God is good . 
has had a good day in < PROPMALE > Mississippi but kinda tired of hotel rooms ... 
We have not learned anything today < PROPFIRST > because < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are not there . 
is so tired , but thankful to be back in his own home for a night . 
Ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , children of < PROPMALE > ages ... please direct your eyes to the end zone as cam < PROPMALE > will be shot out of a cannon over the arkansas offensive line . 
Suddenly all my arkansa friends just stopped talkin to me . Sad . WAR EAGLE ! 
is looking for two tickets to Auburn/LSU game ... Anybody ? 
needs to take a nap . 
is watching the replay of Auburn takin it to the Razorbacks again ! 
i want a superhero room ! 
it's great to be an Auburn Tiger ! #4 and on the way ! 
We need your help getting to 25,000 fans before the LSU game ! Tell \ 
your friends , co-workers , and other members of the Auburn Family to help\ 
us get to our goal by Saturday . 1 lucky fan will receive a < PROPFIRST > Chizik\ 
autographed \All In\ " sign if we hit our number before kickoff at 2:30 \ 
is missing his summer staff today ... 
is excited that < PROPFIRST > might be flying down to go to the Auburn/Georgia game ! 
first ya gotta do the truffle shuffle ! 
is praying for all the students he has had the privilege to work with today . 
feels like something is missing . 
FINALLY got his tickets for the Auburn game . War Eagle ! 
ok really , can a company other than < PROPFIRST > come out with a Cam < PROPMALE > jersey please . 
Is learning the unforced rhythms of grace ... 
is ready to go to the game ! War Eagle ! 
is headed to Auburn with my coworker for her first SEC game ! WAR EAGLE ! 
Headin back to birmingham after a great night of rolling toomers corner ! 
alright ... its time . im gonna be out of the house so someone text me and let me know where we end up . WAR EAGLE ! 
ok i usually like you herbie but now its time for you to take a step back .... haha ... let me remind you of < PROPMALE > fairley , and zac etheridge . They play defense . WAR EAGLE ! 
tutoring first thing this morning ... gonna be a good day ! 
\ain't never been nobody like him\ " -- Coach < PROPFIRST > Dye ( pretty sure that's a triple negative but i like it ) " 
needs focus . 
is heading to bed ... lotta work to do tomorrow . g'night friends ! 
had a really good night ... 
< PROPMALE > and Son ... classic ! 
is bored . 
2 more days . 
is energized , excited , surprised , thankful .... you name it ! 
cam < PROPMALE > is the ATT all < PROPFEMALE > player of the week ! War Eagle ! 
alright , im done with < PROPMALE > herbstreit ... 
Has gotta get away to where the boat leaves from ... 
I made it ! 
< PROPFIRST > garcia , you are officially ridiculous . get it together gamecocks ! 
looks like quite a shakeup in the BCS so far .... hopefully we will be the one consistent thing ! WAR EAGLE ! 
oh man ... 
everybody .... WAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR Eagle ! Hey ! 
it was a great birthday ! War Eagle ! 
you dance over me while I am unaware ... 
Is thankful to be @the grove . 
On my way back to the big(ger ) city ... 
ill take 2 .... WAR EAGLE ! 
good weekend ... made it to 29 and to 1 0-0 . War Eagle ! 
is a little surprised the < PROPFEMALE > auburn game isnt gonna be under the lights :/ 
really enjoys working for Youthworks at Cornerstone Schools of Alabama ! Cornerstone Schools Partner < PROPFEMALE > 
its just the same team that has to do the same thing for the next 4 weeks . War Eagle ! 
pretty sure the Vikings playoff hopes just walked out the door with < PROPFIRST > Moss . Just a guess . 
i was just watching a special on CSS about < PROPMALE > Dooley ... they totally mispelled Tennessee ... very nice . 
is thinking about and praying for his summer staff today .... 
just found out he works in the same building with a former Auburn quarterback .... sweet ! 
is getting ready for a great trip to New Orleans and Bayou La Batre ! 
say it ain't so please . 
\Im not a witch ... \ " best campaign commercial of the season . gotta love the tea party . " 
Congrats El Dorado Wildcats ! Good night and War Eagle ! 
Urban , urban , urban ... 
\All these guys who say they wouldn't vote for Cam < PROPMALE > for Heisman they can go straight to you know where ... I'll put my vote in right now for Cam < PROPMALE >.\" -- < PROPFIRST > Finebaum " 
worst logo in NCAA sports ? LSU ? 
dont forget tonight is Daylight Saving Time ! Get you and extra hour ! 
i'm not saying i would , but if I were going to come up with some witty comment about today in football I would say #1 . WAR EAGLE and #2 . Hey Alabama , whats in your wallet ?.... I would never say that though ... thatd just be tacky . 
Question : Do you want to defend yourself at all ? \ 
Cam Newton : “I haven’t done anything wrong . I’m an Auburn athlete . I love Auburn . That’s all I have to say . God is blessing me right now in my life . I owe that to Him . You give God the honor , < PROPFEMALE > and praise . When God is blessing , the devil is messing . ” 
going to get my Cam < PROPMALE > on ... ( tutoring and mentoring that is ) 
On the road again ... big easy here I come ! 
Made it to the Big Easy , and staying at a really nice hotel . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Brown ! 
really ? 
Finebaum on latest Cam < PROPMALE > allegations , \Why don't we check & see if perhaps he still has an outstanding library book from the 5th grade . \"" 
ok , Cam < PROPMALE>'s brother plays for the Jacksonville Jaguars and we think < PROPFIRST>'s church couldn't come up with a few thousand bucks to fix a church ? really ... 
kinda glad to have Conan back ... 
is a big fan of La Madelline's ... 
had a great night ... started by going to City of Love Church and finished with beignets and cafe au lait at Cafe du ' Monde ... tomorrow , home to Mobile and Bayou la Batre ! 
always feels better after listening to < PROPMALE > Bramblet ... 
Had a great visit to bayou la batre today ... cant wait to get to auburn saturday ! War eagle ! 
is surprised by ignorance . 
CSI is really a pretty far fetched show i am realizing . 
My feet are killing me , I can't talk , I have a headache , and it was all worth it ! SEC West champions ! War Eagle ! 
Is looking forward to going to Nashville to serve at the National Youth Workers Convention Tuesday . 
is finally going to bed , been trying to for about 2 hours but remembered all i had to do before i leave for the Music City tomorrow ! 
At the Nashville airport picking up more great presenters for the National Youth Workers Convention ! 
\you worship a god that is no more than a collection of your own beliefs . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Campolo at NYWC2010 " 
Puckett's Grocery , downtown Nashville . I'm a fan . 
There is no such thing as a balance of grace and truth . Grace and truth are one and the same . -- paraphrased from < PROPFIRST > Haggard 
glad to be home . 
Happy Thanksgiving and War Eagle ! 
This is setting up to be the best comeback ever ! Hahaha ..... WAR EAGLE ! Come on tigers ! 
Ladies and Gentlemen , THIS IS AUBURN FOOTBALL ! WAR EAGLE ! 
\ ... of course I won't go to Tuscaloosa unless I have 70 players and a police escort ... \ " -- Coach Chizik " 
WOO Pig ! 
back on top ! WAR EAGLE ! 
did I really just book a flight to Glendale , Arizona .... yes I did ! We Believe ! WAR EAGLE ! 
alright < PROPFIRST > and Company ! Let's do this ! We've booked our flights to phoenix , now lets get yours ! WAR EAGLE ! 
Here we go ! WAR EAGLE ! 
ladies and gentlemen ... THIS IS AUBURN FOOTBALL ! Glendale here we come . glad I booked that flight already ! WAR EAGLE ! 
what a great night ! Auburn Tigers are SEC Champs and the El Dorado Wildcats are the Arkansas State Champs for the second year in a row ! War Eagle and Go Cats ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on MVP ! 
Congrats Coach Malzahn on the Broyles Award . 
mmmm .... chipotle ! 
hello < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > bundy ... 
should find out about his first option for BCS Championship tkts tomorrow ! 
see youin 7 months brother . much love . 
got his tickets to the game today ! War Eagle ! May have a couple more if anyone is interested ( it aint cheap though ) 
Later gator ! 
i have no more tkts ... see y'all in phoenix ! War Eagle ! 
Congrats on the Lombardi @ < PROPMALE > fairley 
tickets acquired . 
Muschamp to Florida huh ? interesting hire . 
um ... when did it start raining ? 
ok Lord , really ? the day I leave for Minneapolis , the low is -10 degrees . Come on now ... 
Looks like the < PROPMALE > Bus is rolling on to Nashville . It's been great coach . One more game . 
is in atlanta ... heading to a winter , um .... wonderland tomorrow . 
going to bed after trudging through snow in Minneapolis .... 2 degrees ? really ? 
enjoyed Minnesota , but there is no place like home ! 
was thankful to talk to my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > all the way from afghanistan this morning on Skype ... IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN SENDING ENCOURAGING LETTERS OR PACKAGES TO A MEMBER OF THE MILITARY , PLEASE LET ME KNOW . I CAN GET YOU HIS ADDRESS AND A LIST OF NEEDS ... great way to serve those serving you . 
is really enjoying his first full day off in about 2 months . 
is starting to smell that desert air ... 14 days ! WAR EAGLE ! 
is digging the \Auburn Football : Everyday\ " marathon . I'm appreciative that our TV show is about the Auburn family and players and not all about the coach like most other schools . " 
just had a great conversation with a < PROPFEMALE > community member ! 
AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE FROM THE STATE OF ALABAMA TO THE MINNESOTA VIKINGS : YOU'RE WELCOME ! 
is about to go to a coffee shop to finish the day .... its freezing in the office ! 12 days , 7 hours , 3 minutes . War Eagle ! 
just found out i'm driving to Tallulah , Louisiana next Tuesday ... looking forward to seeing my new friends . 
have a < PROPMALE > that got jacked up by a ticket broker . if anyone knows of two BCS CG tickets let me know please . 
im ok with guys crying , no big deal . but this is the second night in a row the starting quarterback for an sec has cried on the sidelines ... really ? 
is frustrated . 
really cant believe he is considering this . 
started reading , \God & Football\ " today by < PROPMALE > Gibbs . Most awesome book in the world . Sat in Starbucks laughing out loud ! " 
There is no such thing as Auburn fans , only Auburn family ! 7 days , 2 hours , 38 minutes . War Eagle ! 
really ? I could make $ 4,000 dollars off my ticket to the National Championship ! I would love the money , but I think the experience will be priceless ... 
just rebooked a nonstop to phoenix for free ! Now I get in at 11 am instead of travelling 14 hours tomorrow ! Thank you Lord for Southwest Airlines ! War Eagle ! 
got my ticket and ready to go ... AU FAMILY , ALL IN ! War Eagle ! 
is ready ! War Eagle ! 2 days 22 hours 17 mins ... 
Wheels down ... its great to be an auburn tiger ! War eagle ! 
Stole one from the tide .... welcome to Auburn < PROPMALE > Calloway ! 
< PROPFIRST > and Lupes in Glendale .... oh man ... ill never look at mexican food the same way again ... 
put on your CAMouflage ! It's time for some duck huntin'! WAR EAGLE ! 
Really ? Oh man .... WAR EAGLE ! 
it has been an amazing experience to be in Glendale for the National Championship ! So thankful my good < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Fox Brunson called me all the way from Afghanistan to experience it with me ! War Eagle ! 
The phoenix airport reminds me of the streets of Auburn after a home game victory ! War Eagle ! 
Wheels up ! War Eagle ! 
Glad to know you are staying coach grimes ! War eagle ! 
can always count on < PROPFEMALE > Vasko to like my statuses ! 
4 more days til i can drink coffee again . 
its been a good season Darvin , hope you get drafted high . 
great way to start gov . bentley . oh man ... 
just had the best lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Hines at V . Richards Market ... ridiculous ! 
is exhausted but really had a pretty great day . Went to Decatur to help my brother < PROPFIRST > Green and < PROPFEMALE > Green move into their new home . Worked tonight , and had an awesome conversation with my dear friend < PROPMALE > Chancellor . Now Im gonna try to watch the Auburn National Championship Celebration ! Oh and congratulations < PROPMALE > Klein on your marriage ! 
is glad you like your new shirts ! War Eagle ! 
finally friday . 
Wishes he was at the beach ... 
Just got his first trenta size drink from starbucks . 
decolores ! 
Big day ! War Eagle ! 
cpr and first aid training today ... ( cue sarcasm)cant wait ... 
Has been trying to get out of downtown birmingham for 45 minutes now ... this my friend is snow in the South ... 
1/10 mile = 20 mins . Thank the lord for finebaum ... 
Is looking forward to being in arkansas tonight ! 
A simple conversation can tell you who is a true Auburn fan and who is a bandwagon fan . Auburn fan says : War Eagle . Bandwagon says : thank you . Everyone knows when an Auburn fan says War Eagle , there is something deep down that makes a true auburn fan proudly respond with War Eagle ! 
There seems to be a great deal of terrible towels in the BHM today ... i guess I'll just cheer for the steelers then . 
Thinks it makes no sense for a family of six teens and adults to board first just because they have 1 five year old ... thoughts ? 
Day 1 in Booneville : in the books . These people are great ! 
Snow sucks . 
Pharaoh , pharaoh , oh baby let my people go ! yeah yeah yeah yeah ... 
happy Singles Awareness Day ! 
pretty ridiculous . 
cairo , illinois .... what a great town ! 
Is headed toward marvell arkansas . I loved my time in < PROPFIRST > illinois 
make that cairo illinois . dang speech recognition 
marvell arkansas ... I love this place ! 
Auburn ... really ? 
Woo pig sooie ... lets go razorbacks ! 
Toomers Oaks are about to be featured on MSNBC . 
Could not have had a better weekend in marvell , arkansas ... thanks friends . 
He has shown you , O mortal , what is good . \ 
And what does the Lord require of you ? \ 
To act justly and to love mercy\ 
and to walk humbly with your God . http://bible.us/Mic6.8.NIV 
Feels very at peace . 
What a great day ... 
Thank you youthworks for cpr certification ... 
appreciated the nod to cam < PROPMALE > at the end of his new documentary ... great film . 
Saw someone making change in the offering plate today ... some call that tacky , I call it authentic . 
Had a great day today ... 
\Well isn't that everything in life today\ " some old man on pawn stars " 
Is watching a video and remembering just how great an impact the students and adults of st. andrews in < PROPFEMALE > prairie had on me ... awesome 
Tonights Menu was : Seered Chicken with a < PROPFEMALE > peppercorn reduction , broiled sweet potatoes and asparagus , steamed broccolli , sourdough bread with < PROPFEMALE > garlic butter , and kahluah brownies with vanilla bean ice cream ... very nice ... 
was good to visit with my good friend < PROPMALE > Fox Brunson tonight . Continue to pray for your safety over there brother . 
welcome back Coach Pelton ... War Eagle ! 
you know , the more i think about it , the more I am ok with not being able to talk about Christ in school and secular workplaces as much . Suddenly , we are forced to act like Christ instead of talk about him . Just a random musing , hoping I will make it one day . 
It's nice to enjoy life again ... 
it's a great day to be alive , the sun's still shinin ' when I close my eyes . 
Got my new otter box today . 
happy birthday momma ! 
Is watching intervention and the girl just cut a line with a kohl's charge ... the more you know , the more you kohl's ? 
Happy mardi gras ! 
is looking forward to seeing my friend Shel Willhelm this Friday ! 
missed being in mobile for Fat Tuesday ... maybe next year ! 
Hardcore Pawn , why must you keep me awake with your awesomeness 
Limited time only at the hoover kohl's only ... an extra 25% off of clearance ( which is already 70 & 80% off ) . Come on in 
Thanks Br . Tressel for takin the heat off auburn ... 
Is really wanting to go to newk's tomorrow ... 
Rang up a customer tonight for $ 2,100 tonight . He saved $ 13,000 and got $380 in kohls cash .... crazy night at kohl's . 
But he’s already made it plain how to live , what to do , \ 
\ 
what God is looking for in men and women . \ 
It’s quite simple : Do what is fair and just to your neighbor , \ 
be compassionate and loyal in your love , \ 
And don’t take yourself too seriously—\ 
take God seriously . http://bible.us/Mic6.8.MSG 
wants some < PROPMALE>'s East right now ! Dang you Food Network ! 
Sad day for the au family ... 
Is having a great day already and even looking forward to work ... 2 more days til the beach 
Is about to get away to where the boat leaves from ! 
Relax , you are here ... I'm good . 
Forget < PROPFEMALE>'s , I just made some ridiculous shrimp & grits ! 
Back to the big city in time for work tonight ... great week at the beach 
Is watching 127 hours .... wow . 
not a bif fan of working overnight at kohl's ... oh well , at least i dig my job ... 
Send those pigs packin ... great job auburn baseball ... war eagle ! 
Loves his job ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Bauchman ... is that what y'all mean by minnesota nice ? 
