is home from Chicago ! 

watched < PROPFIRST > walk around the house for a half hour ... all by herself ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
is getting excited to start grad school ... until probably about a week in ! 
is excited that tomorrow is my Friday ! 
is so excited ! 
has a stupid broken phone 
is checking my facebook ... from my new laptop ! 
is exhausted ! 
is watching project runway 
officially is back in school , day one , complete ! 
needs some prayers ! 
is getting it together ... and has awesome friends ! 
thinks Family Guy might be the best show ever ... funny every time ! 
is really sick of death ... so sad 
is ready for a better day ! 
Modern Family might be my new favorite show ... it was hilarious ! 
so glad it is the weekend ! 
has a very sick little girl 
was not quite ready to wake up to snow this morning ! 
So I officially lost my phone and don't know anyones number ... so if you want me to have it , send it to me please :) 
Happy Halloween ! 
overwhelmed with homework ! Makes it a little bit harder since it is SO beautiful outside ! 
is packing for Chicago tomorrow morning ... yeah long weekend ! 
so ready for turkey ! 
is ready to nap ... done shopping ! Toys R Us at midnight was definitely the worst ( but lots of good deals ) ... moms are crazy !! 
is relaxing for the first time in a long time ! 
I think that I might be done !!! 
can't stop downloading new music 
is finally home and ready to bring on the snow ! 
cut < PROPFIRST>'s hair for the first time ... goodbye mullet ! 
Laundromat equals disaster ! 
< PROPFIRST > hearts < PROPMALE > ! 
has been very productive today ! 
is wishing for a warmer birthday weekend ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! It has been a fabulous day so far ! 
A girl who has an amazing personality . All a man can handle , if he becomes so lucky to even have her . A good friend that is always there when needed . Likes to party , even if it means some regretful moments . Always up for an adventure , and never turns down a dare . Very outgoing and smart . Someone you can always count on having a good time with . 
I do have the most beautiful daughter in the world !!! ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? BEAUTIFUL ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?.... 
super late paper = done 
so over it ! 
Second gymnastics class went SO much better than last week ! Now it's nap time to get ready for Yo Gabba Gabba !! 
getting ready to dye some eggs ! 
Happy Easter ! 
You should all go to this site and vote for my brother ... give him a star :) http://www.myspace.com/gleeauditions?link=529463912 
I now know from experience why there are random shoes on the side of the road ... Lauren threw one of her shoes out the window today while we were driving down the highway ... lesson learned ! 
Apparently I am a slow learner ... shoe went out the window again . Nothing like driving down the road and hearing My Shoe Outside Mama ! 
got a new car today ! 
Is ready for some Mother's Day breakfast :) 
pretty sure that I hate homework and am completely unable to concentrate ! 
So my car got hit by lightening tonight so I am pretty sure that I will also be buying a lottery ticket this week ... just in case ! 
My baby is 2 today ... Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Tonight is < PROPFIRST>'s first night in her big girl bed ... interested to see what happens when she realizes that she can get up :) 
EXHAUSTED !!! 
Almost done with homework until the fall ! If I could only finish my paper :) 
Happy 30th Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
car is loaded for Chicago ... Happy 21st Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had a fabulous weekend !!! 
Really good weekend ! Now if only < PROPFIRST > would take a nap :) 
LONG day !!!! 
pretty sure that our household has had it's share of throwing up this week ! 
Is excited to see my brother tomorrow :) 
Gymnastics !!!! 
Patiently waiting for < PROPFIRST > to go to sleep so that I can watch Glee :) 
Such a good day ! 
Friday ... out with < PROPMALE > , Sat ... gymnastics and SJU Homecoming , Sun ... apple orchard and pumpkin picking ... So , the paper that is due by midnight ??? Still a procrastinator ! 
Has so much to learn 
really good first day at my new job ! 
Can think of SO many things that I would rather be doing ! 
Halloween parade , super fun , now SO ready to go out tonight ! Nothing like grandma's house for the sugar crash :) 
Packed and ready to go .... California !!!!!!!! 
After a very long day , I have made it to CA ... unfortunately my luggage has made it to CO :( 
LOVE the snow ! 
pretty much needs to go to the backstreet nkotb concert ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Home from shopping at 11:30 , waiting in line totally paid off ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) This is to \ 
support the fight against violence towards children 
Loves my new phone ! 
Traffic is already terrible ! 
Getting ready to go and pick up my brother ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Potty training complete !! 
Is pretty proud of my productivity today :) 
Snoop dogg ! 
Fabulous birthday so far ! Started the day with a massage , ending it with karaoke :) Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
pretty much no idea what's going on ... 
ready for glee ... 
Croup ... ear infection ... strep throat ... happy monday ! 
Homework done !!!!!!!!!!! 
Gymnastics ... no nap ... princesses on ice ... exhausted ! 
