just saw Did You Hear About the < PROPFIRST>'s and it was really funny , mostly just on < PROPMALE > grants part though 

just had a great new years toast and hoping they come true !! Yours too Rhii Rainbow !!! 
family christmas today :) 
summerschool makes me appreciate my friends sooooo much !! i miss you guys !! 
woooo ! summer school is over !!! i took the final and i had the highest final grade in the class !! a 97.9 !!! i'm such a nerd !! 
at lil rahmeen and solomans bday pty and bout to go swimmin 
so tired from the pool today ... chasing around an eight year old is way more exhausting then you'd think ... i dont know how parents do it ... 
i hav a reeeeeely bad sunburn on my legs and summer gym , ugh ... 
ummm ... hmmm ... a little tired , uhh all i'm doing for the next two weeks is summer gym sadly ... 
ahhh !!! the lights went out !!! [: inside joke :] 
i think i tore a ligament in my ankle playing basketball ... really swollen ... hurts like hell ... 
the doc said my ankles either broken or a realle bad sprain , and it still hurts and its like i have one kankle 
HOW , i ask anyone who is willing to give me a solution , am i supposed to rest my ankle for two weeks , or longer , if i hav summer gym the rest of this week , camp all next week , going to the lake the next week , then columbia the next , then school starts ??? 
unfortunately i have to do the final in summer gym tomo ... stupid ankle ... 
packin for camp today , leavin tomo , prolly wont be on for a few weeks , bye everybody !! 
SME tomo !!! 
leaving for columbia later !! 
anyone near locker 04033 ? 
i know everyone already has school as their status , but really , there isnt much else to write about ... well watever , school starts tomorow ... 
school was good , a little boring today , but the halls were insane !!! 
finished my homework :) 
i finished my homework , thank god !!! 
hey everybody , i am running for freshman class rep , vote for me !! 
hey freshman !!! i am running for class reprasentative , so vote for me !!! 
mmmm ... mtn dew ultra < PROPFEMALE > !!! delicious !!! 
can anyone think of songs that start with either E or N ? 
i just randomly watched prom night , and was it supposed to be that stupid and depressing ? 
Today I was looking at facebook religions and I saw the option for Amish . I think this begs the question ... Why in the world would Amish people have facebooks ? MLIA 
Today , I found out that it is illegal to hunt whales in the state of Kansas . Kansas is a landlocked state . I am now dying to know the reason this law was necessary . MLIA 
who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? 
i infected ambers facebook !! 
wow interesting day ... 
i used to be love drunk , but now i'm hungover , i loved you forever , forever is over . :) 
soooooo confused ... 
i really really really really really really really really really really hate being sick :( :'( 
tired i wanna sleep but i have homework ... stupid homework ... 
i have an awesome costume , Brebre Caraway , u would be proud 
the haunting of < PROPFEMALE > hartley was completely and totally not scary and it did not make sense ... 
strange traditions the theatre people hav ... 
Is wondering ... If you and I woke up in jail together ... using only 4 words ... what would be the first thing you would say to me ??!! Copy this into your status , and see what responses you get ! 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS .... you can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , personal or wrong it is . There is no alterior motive , You have my FULL honesty , I dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get :) ( i took the dare :) 
just brought up all the Christmas sttuff !!! its getting close ! only a month away ! 
my notes now have beautiful coloring on them , thank you soloman !! hahaha 
pissed to the n'th degree 
reeeeeeally needs a monster :( 
how the heck are u supposed to find menus and restaurants in europe ? i cant seem t find the right things :( 
finishing up my europe report for , klein , well not finidhing ut up but typing it up :( 
i have the most amazing friends , thanks everyone soooo much for the birthday wishes except for < PROPFEMALE > Lemonshe is evil but looks like a great hooker ( hooker makeup ) 
can anyone think of some really attractive guy celebrities ?? 
i really hate vaccuming , killer on te allergies !! 
watching < PROPFIRST > Lopez reruns :) 
workin on the klein study guide for finals an its making me tired !!! 
what two regions on the us are most noted for their fertile soil ? 
What are the two biggest cities in latin < PROPFEMALE > ? 
in terms of population distribution , how are Germany and < PROPFEMALE > different ? and what are 2 reasons people of Nordic Europe are so content with their lives ? Please help me !!! i can not find these i've been looking for 45 minutes !! 
randomlyon here when i really should be trying to finish the studyguide , 2 questions left and i hav no idea what the answers are ... 
spanish , yuck , < PROPMALE > foundations , easy , and then i'm done !!! so so so so so SO SO SO excited !!! 
spanish flash cards ... woohoo ... can you say fun ... 
what does lugar mean ? ( its spanish ) 
my dad didnt realize that tomorow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... 
o my goodness you guys i am sooooo psyched for christmas !!! ( is that how u spell psyched ??? ) 
got an ipod ! :) 
enter status here 
hangin out , Rhii Rainbow did u get my text ??? check ur phone cuz !! 
supernatural is awesome !! such a good show !! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHOWING ME Rhii Rainbow !!! i'm glad you liked < PROPFIRST > tucker must die :D 
i am kinda scared i'm not gonna have any f my friends in any of my classes or lunches >_< 
quite tired 
yay !!!! we have thursday off too !!!! 
blue 
insert funny status here 
no one really cares about statuses , right ? 
don't worry , be happy 
i am a lttle sick of these mu vs ku statuses ... 
not the greatest of days ... 
yay greek !!! 
i just tried to fast forward the tv with my phone , it took me a little bit to figure out why it wasn't working ... considering my phone has no buttons , it shouldn't have taken me that long ... 
i will follow you into the deep end of the kiddie pool ... lol luv ya Rhii Rainbow !!! 
grrrrrrrrrr ... 
right now i really wish i had a snuggie ... :( 
o my goodness , my cousins ... wow ... 
ugh ... cleaning ... 
since whe is it 11 o clock ?? o thought it eas 930 ... 
i didn't know the movie gamer was a musical ... lol 
watching paranormal activity , it is boring ... 
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY IS THE LEAST SCARY MOVIE OF ALL TIME !! MY LITTLE PONY IS SCARIER THAN THAT AND Rhii Rainbow AGREES !! 
The movie Gamer is really really good 
kinda tired , i think i might be wierd and turn in early ... :) 
what are the three most populated cities and the three most populated countries in the middle east ? 
Fools was so much fun to work on ! Kat , ad everyone involved , you did such a great job !! 
i am actually doing my homework the day before its due , the world must be ending soon ... :) 
maybe i was smart not to do my homework , my neck hurts and i have a headache ... 
102 degree fever ... not fun ... 
so tired , trying to transcribe my intro to law interview , ugh ... 
goin to Rhii Rainbow's house :) ! 
wow Rhii Rainbow and i just had a supernatural ( the tv show ) moment ... lol 
Amityville Horror was a really good movie ! the new one with < PROPFIRST > reynolds , btw , if you were wondering 
if you are going to see remember me , and have a heart , be prepared to cry , i saw it and cried for 20 minutes after ... wow 
it's a new < PROPFEMALE > , frozen ice cubes- Rhii Rainbow 
turning in early :) i need me some sleep >_< 
found out i get better internet connection on my balcony ... 
this HUGE tree across from my apartment fell over , if it had fallen a few inches more to the left , it would have hit my apartment , if it had fallen the other way , it would have hit other peoples apartments , it was really lucky that it fell the way it did , because things could have been bad ... 
trying to learn some basic sign language . i have new neighbors who are deaf and i would like to be able to sign with them a little , when i met them i felt really bad , i was able to sign my name and understand theirs , but i did not get anything else out of it ... 
kind of in shock ... 
gotta love all the family easters on easter weekend ... 
found out that my laptop only responds to violence ... 
AND ROYALS BEAT THE RED SOX !!! 
you know are tired when you look at a word , and after a minute it doesn't make sense ... 
my phone is being stubborn , it shut itself off , which wouldn't be that bad cuz it has done that before , but this time it won't turn back on ... 
such a bad headache ... i have been sitting in a car waaaay to long 
Got a new phone everybody ! Need < PROPFIRST > please ! 
Just figured out how to get my itunes music on my phone :) 
Interesting game , peoples true thoughts are coming out 
Babysitting tonight . Tired . Don't know how well this will go over ... 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > dy :) 
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms on here !!!! 
High school is a lot like prison 
Done with my freshman year ! Yay !!! 
Ahhhh relaxin with my feet in the lake , a good way yo spend the first full day of summer . 
Burn 
it's six in the morning , on a saturday , during summer vacation , and i am awake or no apparent reason ... 
Incredibly bored at the plslaza library until my mom gets done working ... ugh ... 
Coffee is heaven 
Just got a haircut , it is soooo short ! 
am i the only one that JUST NOW noticed that you can like comments ??? how long has it been like that ??? 
There is a really annoying cricket in my room and I can't get to sleep . Crickets are disgusting creatures . Yuck 
Kids these days ... 
my dog is shedding so much i think i might suffocate 
Those are the best shoulders I have ever seen 
my cousin Rhii Rainbow , took the computer and didn't log out like she said she would and is actually typing right NOW ! :D lol She just wants everybody to know that she is amazingly awesome , and that Jensen Ackles is simply beautiful . 
Started on my summer homework yesterday , I probably should have started sooner ... 
10 days :D 
On the way to the lake :) 
spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? \ 
? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? \ 
spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
If ur lifes going down the toilet and all you have is a piece of shit , you cling on to it 
Movie day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!! :D 
Ever walked into a room you expect to see empty and see someone unexpected sleeping in the bed ? I did ... I almost peed myself ... 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... 
Preparing for california ... kinda strassful at the moment 
Babysitting for my neighbor , I get to watch finding nemo then putting him to bed . Easiest job ever 
Off to the airport :) 
Hello sandiego ... its cold ... 
Its not raining 
Walking along the beach writing stuiff for 2 hours wears you out ... 8O 
Watching The Knowing , anyonw know if its any good ? 
Is addicted to fresca 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today :) 
You can just drive by a golf course and see about 5 to 10 deer ... 
Is cold . 
Apparently I'm frustrating ... actually the exact words were \you're so ... so ... ugh ! \"" 
Mmmmm ... in and out burger :) 
It has finally reached a high of 66 here . The ocean looks gorgeous 
Okay who prank called me saying they were < PROPFEMALE > clause ? Really ? It has to be someone I know because they said my name . Real mature real mature . 
Just got done horseback riding ! My horses name was < PROPMALE > , it was amazing ! 
trying to teach a frenchmen the difference between a tongue , tongs and a thong ... interesting ... 
I cracked my phone screen . Wonderful ... still works fortunately , but it is kind of ugly . 
Off to the airport . Again ... homeward yay ! 
I'm home !!!! 
BREAKFAST CLUB !! 
My cousin thought beiber fever was an actual sickness ... hahaha ! 
Why do the bulls in barnyard have udders ? 
This kids fake snoring sound is haw shoo ! 
My dog is evil ... 
last day of summer and my allergies are giving me hell ... typical ... 
Vampires suck ! Hahahahahahahahaha it was sooooooo funny !! 
osquitos love me ... i just couted and i have 80 mosquito bites ... 
Hust tripped on a stair and my face hit < PROPFEMALE > , it kinda hurt 
Mmmmmmm spring rolls ! 
Anyone selling chocolate ! If you have dark chocolate you could trade me let me know ! I will be so grateful ! 
\There's nothing more american than shucking corn over an amerivan flag ... in a wifebeater . \"" 
I don't like the spanish language ... I don't like conjugating ... grr , plus I have a headache , worste time to do homework ... 
I want cheesecake ... 
I just found out i can talk to post my status this makes me happy i enjoy it way too much 
It is amazing how empty your fridge looks after you clean it out 
Freaked out when I realized my phone wasn't in my pocket . Then I realized it was in my hand . Happens to everyone ... 
found out that i actually can succeed in spanish ! yo recibo 55/54 en mi examen !! 
i think i am losing my voice ... ugh ... 
my voice cant decide if it wants to stay or leave ... 
Mwahahahaha cough 
finally finished my report stuff for ehap !! yay ! 
Great , a fever , that's wonderful . Too bad I have to go to school tomorrow . 
I have bronchitis ... great ... 
debate ... woo ... 
Why is EVERYTHING on the news sad or dissapointing in some way ? 
I was bit by a fly ... it now looks and feels like a mosquito bite ... itchy ... 
I can't draw to save my life ... 
My othello comic book for fry is soooo bad that it isn't even funny ... well , a little . 
i like it on the couch 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , andso much else all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them , for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see who will ? 
I like how , in movies , when the main character is fighting a group of people only ons person at a time comes at the main character ... 
Tocos ... 
Doesn't want to be in seminar right now ... only 50 minutes left ... 
I am babysitting the most fabulous < PROPFEMALE > ever . YES . 
Don't dream it , be it . 
I'm playing best friends sleepover , but I would way rather be playing xbox ... 
Can you sprain your voice ? Just wondering . 
This pink foil kinda makes me happy . 
A personal advantage ? You've got to be kidding me ... 
I am addicted to popsicles ... 
Hay < PROPFEMALE > amigo en mi . 
Just convinced a kid that there is a grade z that stands for zero . 
I seriously sprained my ankle ans 
Me+super < PROPFIRST > brothers = bad 
My house smells like Christmas . 
Please\ 
repost this if someone you know was killed by Lord Voldemort or any of \ 
his followers . Being struck by the Killing Curse , having your soul \ 
sucked out by a dementor , or becoming petrified by the Basilisk's gaze \ 
are all truly tragic fates , be you muggle or wizard . 93% of people will \ 
... not repost this , as they have already been killed by the dark forces . 
Hates the smell of burnt popcorn ... >:{ } 
For the ehap take home test does anyone have 2 16 42 39 62 or 65 ? 
Why < PROPMALE > ? Why ? Ugh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > McDonald is the greatest . 
you know your dog is too small when you sit on a remote and think you killed the dog ... 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives . When you grow up , they're still your friends Repost this if you have some of the BEST COUSINS n the WORLD ! They may not be part of your daily ife , but they're never far life , but they're never far from your thoughts & memories ! 
My phone synched every single one of my friends info to my contacts ... let's just say I have a lot of pointless contacts now ... 
Ever notice how people just ask for conflict sometimes ? They say I don't want any drama , then they basically beg for some ... I think it is ridiculous . 
I went to the grocery store earlier and saw 6 year old twind that looked like young < PROPMALE > potters . It was amazing , made my day . 
love love love the lion < PROPMALE > . 
Shakakakaka 
I killed a duck , it made me sad , I named it < PROPFEMALE >...- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Thanks to everyone for all of the birthday wishes ! Best birthday ever :) 
Got my license . You have fair warning . :) 
Just got asked if I was registered to vote in kansas ... and she called me ma'am ... 
Watching despicable me . Anyone want to get me a minion for christmas ? :P 
If you think about it , pez dispensers are really sick ... their innards come out of their neck and then you eat them ... 
when you are used to driving cars , driving a big truck is REALLY wierd ... 
i finished my quote logs before midnight ? how did that happen ? well , this once i dont regret procrastinating ... 
don't broadcast your problems , 80% dont care , 15% are happy about it , only 5% listen with the intent of helping you , if you can find someone in tat 5% , good for you , if not , keep looking . 
< PROPMALE > has been maimed ... :( poor < PROPMALE > . 
you're being religionist ! 
i am a master of popcorn making :) 
I have tests in my three worst classes tomorrow and I can't find my ehap book , great ... 
And now , deep thoughts by < PROPFIRST > Handey ... I can picture a world without war , a world without hate . and i can picture us attacking that world . because they'd never expect it . 
< PROPMALE > , if this were real life , by the time you got to the sloth , it would be dead . Sorry to burst your bubble . 
I missed < PROPMALE > soooo much ! But he is back now ! And he had a hip replacement ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
i really hate ehap the night before a test ... 
I think I just learned more watching < PROPMALE > the science kid than I have in chemistry this quarter ... 
The kids that I am babysitting are watching < PROPMALE > Potter . WIN . 
today just kinda sucked . i did not want to do a mock trial tournament and it ate up my whole day ... 
My dog likes to sleep on shoes ... it's really weird and it can't be comfortable . 
