is not looking forward to knee surgery ... but then again , will be nice to be able to walk again . not fun when that goes out ... more titanium hardware to match whats in my back ... oh happys days ... thihking maybe should re think tennis ... seems I stink ! 

finally managed to finish these silly pictures ... hopefully can get them to post now ... lord , sometimes computers suck ... 
Hopes everyone had a wonderful father's day . i know for some of you ( us ) it can be a bitter sweet day due to past and current circumstances ... however , hope everyone was able to rejoice in all we have , and enjoy your day . HAPPY FATHERS DAY DAD >>>> YOU ALL 
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you . 
Is still wondering what if they hokey pokey really IS what it's all about ? 
Is LOVING that the TODAY show has the Fray on their concert series this morning ! Monday ... not so bad suddenly , nothing like music to completly change ones mood . One more song I think then off to do a few hours more of research ... * Kindess is the greatest 
' Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . ' 
Life is all about ' bum ' . Everyone's either covering it , laughing if off , kicking it , kissing it , or trying to get a piece of it , or simply ... JUST BEING ONE ! 
Beaten again but not broken .. 
when i was a little girl , my grandmother always told me the secret to a successfull like is happiness . later when i went to school my teachers asked me what i wanted to be when i grew up , I told them ' happy ' . they said i didn't understand the assignment 
what are some of the top songs you would put on a playlist you created on ipod to listen to when you need to accomplish something lots of em somethings , and need motivation ? songs that make you happy ! here a few of what have ' come on elieen ' , ' into the 
Whatever you are , be a good one . 
' Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see . ' - < PROPFIRST > twain 
If you see someone without a smile ... give them yours . 
Is not looking forward to having to be at the hospital at 5:30 am for this surgery tomorrow . Kinda nervy , and maybe a little sad as wish my mommy and daddy were here ... is that pathetic or what ? what a baby i am ... but can't help it . 
wondering if these pain meds are ever going to start working ... 
Is feeling better now , God bless modern medicine and drugs ! thank goodness they kicked in ... now taking my dads advice , resting , enjoying the ride ( and the drugs ) lol ! thank you to my wonderful husband . I love you < PROPMALE > , you have been my rock and the be 
Enjoy the little things in life ... for one day you wll look back and realize they were the big things ... 
Well , today isn't so bad ... can't go out and play but the wedding singer just came on ... LOVE that movie ! the little things ... what a difference they can make . 
I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens , but just those that bring simple little pleasures , following one another softly , like pears off a string . 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > , how you react is yours . 
Fall in love or fall in hate . Get inspired or be depressed . Ace a test or flunk a class . Make babies or make < PROPMALE > . Speak the truth or lie and cheat . Dance on tables or sit in the corner . Life is divine chaos . Embrace it . Forgive yourself . Breathe . An 
Good news , stitches came out , bad knews ... no running , or playing basketball , or tennis , nothing for nine months !!!!! oh well , at least I can go swimming again ... well sort of ... more like therapy in the pool but better then nothing .... 
Fall in love or fall in hate . Get inspired or be depressed . Ace a test or flunk a class . Make babies or make < PROPMALE > . Speak the truth or lie and cheat . Dance on tables or sit in the corner . Life is divine chaos . Embrace it . Forgive yourself . Breathe . And enjo 
going swimming ... can't play ball or run , but at least I can go swimming ... and at night ... the best . 
The woman came from the man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from the side to be equal , under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . 
Every once in awhile life hands you a moment so amazing , so overwhelming ... you grow . 
IMAGINATION is everything ... it is the preview of life's coming attractions . ... < PROPFIRST > einstien 
Happy National Left Handers ' Day !!!! 
Less than 1 and half hours away ... Kickoff to Green Bay's Pre-season ! GO PAC !!!!!! Ahhh , Its good to be a cheeshead !!!! 
Over the years I have been lied to , lied about , cheated on , cheated period , betrayed , walked over , under , on and hurt so bad it felt like a severing of my heart ... but this < PROPFIRST > FARVE , beyond anything . IS ANYONE LOYAL ANYMORE !!! THE VIKINGS !?!?!?!?! I cried ... but last tear for him . It's Mr. Rodgers ' Neighborhood now ... and GAME ON !!!!! 
' A good friend will tell you when you have a bug on you .... a BEST friend will unwarningly smack you and then say ..... Ooooops ! I missed ...... ' 
Find out who you are and do it on purpose ! 
It is those that can see the invisible that can do the impossible ! 
is sitting outside surrounded by my flowers and candles and listening to the sounds of of fountain and crickets ... add that to my glass of wine and it doesn't get any better ... 
Whether you think you CAN or you think you Can't ... you're right . - < PROPFIRST > ford 
Tact is for people who aren't witty enough to be sarcastic . 
Whenever you get the < PROPMALE > , SMILE .... just because you can . 
is off to have some cocktails in the hotub with my candles and just when all warm and relaxed ... hurrry run jump into the pool so it feels super cold ... back to hotub and do it again ... why ? because I can ... its fun ... 
Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about CREATING yourself . 
How beautiful a day can be . When kindness touches it ! 
Life isn't about weathering the storms ... it is about learning how to dance in the rain !!!!! 
Im locked and loaded and waiting for < PROPMALE > to walk in ... NERF ROCKS !!! he he he he poor guy , last week siily string in walmart , now miami vice in house ha ha oooooh crap 
I am STRONG because i am weak . I am BEAUTIFUL because I know my flaws . I am a LOVER because I'm a fighter . I am FEARLESS because I have been afraid . I am WISE because I have been foolish ... and I can LAUGH because I have known sadness . 
' Out of clutter , find simplicity . From discord , find < PROPFEMALE > . In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstein 
' A person who never made a mistake , never tried anything new . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstien 
' There are two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstein 
' Try not to become a man of success but a man of value . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstein 
What happens if you get scared half to death twice ? 
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life .... 
a conclusion is the point at which you got tired of thinking .... 
The statistics on sanity are that one in every four Americans is suffering from some sort of mental illness . Think of your three best friends . If they're okay , then its you . 
' Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstein 
Real women watch football !!!!!!!!!! 
much smiling ... had a wonderful evening with my husband and dear friend < PROPFEMALE > . I am very blessed . 
wants to see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) Keep it going !!!! 
wondering if its a boy or a girl ? 
' Put your hand in the stove for a minute , and it feels like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour and it feels like a minute . That's relativity . ' - < PROPFIRST > einstein 
first ultrasound today ... lots of emotions ... all is well , perfect . Its in God's hands ... not mine . Its going to be a beautiful day !!!!!!!!!!! 
is thinking FOOTBALL ... and wishing hadn't taken such a long nap so late .... GO GREEN !!!! 
cannot stop laughing , apparhently there was a ( TRUE STORY ) huge bear in wisconsin that managed to get into a beer cooler and sat there for over an hour getting drunk ! when you are from green bay you are taught to love the packers , beer , cheese and the cubbies and not necc . in that order .... we mean business LOL ! oh its good to be a cheesehead ! and even better to be laughing . happy days are here again , closer anyway . 
Still cannot believe that is how MSU vs Iowa game ended . Are you kidding me ? Heartbreaking ... 
is going to see Saw < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... ahhhhh those movies are like a trainwreck ... you know you shouldn't be looking but you HAVE too ... and creep me out ! not sure which is more frightening , the movies , or the mind behind them .... psychological thrillers , much better then the cheezy gore . They FREAK ME OUT !!!!!!!!!!!! Happy Halloweenie ... tis the season 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . 
they told you that ' beauty is in eye of the beholder ' . What they faild to tell you is that it is best seen with the eyes closed . 
is going to my first < PROPFEMALE > Bobcats game tonight . And in a suit no less ... ( thanks < PROPMALE > , you are bestest husband in world ! ) Suppose would be inappropriate to wear a Detroit Pistons jersey there ?!?!!?!? its 22 , < PROPMALE > ???? Either way , looking forward to it . Not exactly Bobcat fan but basketball is basketball ... and I love it !!!!!!! 
Just got home from the Bobcats game ... seats weren't too bad in the founders suite and there was a fella whos suite is right next door to < PROPMALE>'s companys , maybe you have heard of him < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !?!?!!??! I know , right !! love it ! Pistons old coach and next door to Jordans . Thanks again babes ... cant wait until next game . love you tons .. xoxoxo 
Go for the happy ending , because life doesn't have sequels . 
What would you attempt to do if you KNEW that you COULD NOT FAIL ? 
' As we express our gratitude , we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words , but to live by them . ' < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy Happy Veterans Day ... 
MSU basketball .... GO GREEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Looking forward to some sunshine !!! NO MORE RAIN !!! and in 70's ... Its going to be a wonderful day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its a perfect day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to know how you measure success in life ? 
blahhhh 
' you know those days when get the mean reds ? ' 
did you know ..... that a goldfish has memory span of 3 seconds ? 
did you know .... marilyn < PROPMALE > had six toes on one foot ? 
did you know .... Russian scentists recently created a new drug that prolongs drunkenness and enhances intoxication ? 
Never be afraid to do something new . Remember , amateurs built the ark ; professionals built the Titanic . 
is there anything better then thanksgiving ? great food , friends and family ... and of course football . what a glorious day indeed . 
Don't count the minutes ... make the minutes count . and don't take one second for grantid , for one day it will be everything you wish you had back . On thiss Thanksgiving , if you see someone without a smile , why not give them yours . 
Is it me or was that NOT a number 2 team playing tonight ? COME ON STATE !!!!!!!!! love em always , but wow ... it isn't easy being green . 
Life is just a mirror , and what you see out there , you must first see inside yourself . 
Is not at all happy with MSU ... not at all .... 
Yesturday I dared to struggle . Today I dare to win . 
Who looks outside dreams . Who looks inside , awakens . 
Beauty gets attention personality captures the heart . 
I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens , but just those that bring simple little pleasures , following one another softly , like pearls off a string . 
Be the change you want to see in the world . 
wants to know what your best Christmas memory is ... We were in Green Bay , of course as grandparents were still with us , and it was for sure the year < PROPFEMALE > brought my cabbage patch kid ! everything was opened but , wouldn't you know , my grandmother found 2 < PROPFEMALE > had forgotten to put under the tree . It was the best ! 
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey . It reminds us to < PROPFEMALE > each moment , because it will never come again . What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived . 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never falling but in rising everytime we fall .... or is it rising on another monday morning ? lol happy monday all ready for christmas ? 
headed uptown with my husband ... going ice skating . im excited ! and no i don't mean downtown , its a < PROPFEMALE > thing . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all wishing you the happiest of holidays ... for those of you with the babes ... enjoy every moment with thtem . nothing like it , their faces when < PROPFEMALE > brings them just what they wanted , is there ? i remember my favorite one still .. HAPPY CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My Packers made the play offs .... GO PACK !!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy New Year everyone ! Let us all begin this new < PROPFEMALE > embracing our pasts ' with rememb < PROPFEMALE > nce , and our futures ' with longing . Wishing you all a save and very happy new years , I love you all . xoxoxoxol 
watching Backdraft ... one of those movies never seem to get tired of ! 
Thank you Mr. Farvre for the 33 points this week in fantasy fball playoffs ... you are forgiven . Can i get WHOO HOO ?!?!?!?!?! 
When I think about everything wrong , I remember how amazing life truly is and the fact that I like being imperfect . 
WHO DAT going to the Superbowl . And there it is . night all ! 
Favre on the ground , Favre on the ground , looking like a victory with Favre on the ground ... Helmet turned sideways , turf in his mouth , looking like a victory with Favre on the ground !!! this was posted by a fellow Packer backer on their < PROPFEMALE > . Oh LMAO ! 
Happy Birthday form yourbabes ... we love you ... we have a surprise for you , so check back tomorow . computer wqs being difficult but we did it . love you tons and tons . and don't worget tomorrow ! Enjoy y 
SOOOO tired , night all . 
Be colorful in a black and white world ... make a difference . 
I woke up today to find we were out of coffee ... I don't care for that at all ! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Laugh when you can ... apologize when you should , and let go of what you cannot change . Kiss slowly , play hard , forgive quickly , take chances , give everything and have no regrets . Life's too short to be anything ... but happy . 
Hey toto ... I don't think we are in kansas anymore ! Its looks like Wisconsin here ! So crazy , NO ONE leaves their house , and only things open are a gas station , Walmart and the hospital ... crazy right ? ps .... you outta be scared !!!! love you tons ... Mr. Mayor ! lol 
Encouragement changes everything ... as you encourage others , you encourage yourself . 
Ladies is this Really True ? From one of my friends on fb : Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to re ...... ceive a TON OF SHIT ... so copy and paste your status if u know it's true !! Thanks 
When written in Chinease , the word ' Crisis ' is composed of two characters - one represents ' Danger ' and the other represents ' Opportunity ' . -JFK 
everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves . 
Happy Groundhogs day ... so will he or won't he this year ? Hmmmm !! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name under * search * , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
in every room of the house 
ahhh Hmmm what could possible be on my mind ? FOOTBALL OF COURSE .... GO SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I plan to be spontaneous ... tomorrow . 
mean people suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Instant < PROPFEMALE > 8.879 ways to boost yours and the < PROPFEMALE > of others ... thought might try sharing a few of these for awhile rather then my usual quotes . 1 . if you wish you could secure peace for yourself , start by championing it for others/ 2 . make creativity a way of life . 3.name a start after a friend for their birthday 4 . try not to do everything at once . 5 . build a model car with a child ... 
I'm sarcastic ... what's your super power ? 
once in a while , right in the middle of an ordinary life , love gives you a < PROPFEMALE > tale . Happy Valentines day < PROPMALE > , and thank you for making all my dreams come true . I love you . xoxoxo 
GO GREEN ! 
mercedes ... if i know what love is ... it is because of you . if icould sit on a porch swing with God , I would thank Him for loaning usyou . Forever in our hearts ... until we see you again . thank you forbeing my friend ... that in itself is an amazing thing . 
I am not only blessed to be able to celebrate another birthday but lucky enough to share my day with my dear cousin Kyle ... whom i adore and love dearly I am so proud of you and wish i was with you celebrating . love and miss you so much ! and another smooth cat HAPPY BDAY Mr. SHULTE ! hope you both , WE all have the birthday yet ! happy friday all ! 
Criticizing is easy ... < PROPMALE > is difficult . 
A man who dares to waste one hour of time , has not discovered the value of life . 
I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens , but just those that bring simple little pleasures , following one another softly , like pearls off a string . 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . 
IS NOT LIKING THIS GAME .... NOT ONE BIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! COME ON STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
thinks this is going to be an extra beatufiul day ... Im giddy happy ... 9 hrs 29 < PROPFEMALE > . and counting ... who's ready dance ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
In < PROPFEMALE > toast to all : Heres to cheating , and stealing , and fighting , and drinking . If you're going to cheat , cheat death . If you're going to steal , steal the heart of a woman . If you're going to fight , fight for a brother . And if you're going to drink ... DRINK WITH ME !! Happy St. Pattys day to everyone ! And HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my baby girl , my < PROPFEMALE > retriever Madisyn McAlister McFaddin . my < PROPFEMALE > baby 
blarney stone 
Whien < PROPFEMALE > eyes are smiling , they're usually up to something ... 
Why is the internet decides to wait until NOW when attempting to do one lifes MOST IMPORTANT tasks of the year .... FILL OUT BRACKETS !?!?!!? i have decided after this to move to Phukit Island ... ha ha 
\We've upped our standards . Up yours . \ " -Campain slogan by < PROPFIRST > Paulsen " 
its a beautiful day ... was 70 before noon and < PROPFEMALE > and i am going to play in my garden ... well getting things ready , first few flowers and today i set up waterfalls ... oh i love love love my gardens and to play in the dirt ! ... there is not better place on earth ... for me anyway ... 
' Any given team , can beat any given team , on any given day . \ unless of course it happens to be the team I chose to win ... it would seem ! " 
Dont let your history interfere with your < PROPFEMALE > . 
One day at a time is enough ... don't look back and grieve the past , it's gone . don't be troubled about the future , it has not come yet ... live in the present and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . 
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey . It reminds us to < PROPFEMALE > each moment , because it will never come again . What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived . 
I love my new wii fit plus ! it told me to gain 20 lbs ! april fools joke you think ? hmmmmmm . 
Be kind ... everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle 
had the best day with my wonderful husband ... thanks babes ... im a very lucky girl ... ps ... don't tell him ... but i beat him putt putt ... oh and babes what is that thing you call what I got on Tiger Woods first hole ? oh yeah Eagle ! lol .... beginners luck ... a gloriious thing ... I have to to enjoy it now ... as tomorrow , I will brobably still be on hole 1 at this time . lol I love you babes ... 
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine . 
The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions—the little soon-forgotten charities of a kiss , a smile , a kind look , a heartfelt compliment in the disguise of a playful raillery , and the countless other infinitessimals of pleasurable thought and genial feeling . 
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person , \Always do what you are afraid to do . \"" 
What you dislike in another take care to correct in yourself ... the safest principle through life , instead of reforming others , is to set about perfecting yourself . 
EEEWW ! I HATE WASPS !!! Little wankers were trying to make a nest on my deck .. again .. i just shot the crud out of it with a super soaker filled w water and bleach .. read they don't care for that much . I have things to do wasps SCAMPER OFF NOW !!! 
what if the hokey pokey really IS what it's all about ... again this plauges me ... Im thinking perhaps it is ... 
yada ... yada ... yada ...... 
Im never leaving my house again .. being held captive by what is now a very ticked off couple of wasps !!!! i armed myself with the super soaker .. broom and sucked up went and managed to knock down the nest .... i just now opened the door to check ... HIS EYES WERE HUGE !!!!!!! i think he is going to kill me ... ha ha ... no not funny ... 
Today I will be happier then a bird with a french fry !!!!! 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you surely don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status ............. I DARE YOU , this is the way I am 
Be the change you wish to see in the world . 
went golfing this weekend for the first time in years , since my accident , and depite a few minor adjustements and needing a bum load of practice ... I would seem I can still play the game ! I had forgotten how much I love it ! 
today i will be as happy as a bird with a french fry ... 
Today i will be as happy as a bird with a french fry . 
Love is blind ; friendship just closes its eyes . 
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength , not a lack of knowledge , but rather a lack in will . < PROPMALE > Lombardi 
Change your thoughts and you change your world . 
They can because they think they can . 
The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships . 
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy . 
As we express our gratitude , we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words , but to live by them . - < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy 
All men should strive to learn before they die , what they are running \ 
from , and to , and why .... 
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal ; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
If music be the food of love , play on . - < PROPFIRST > shakespeare 
i just heard from a friend back in michigan that on the news they heard the best weather in the country today is .... CHARLOTTE , NC ! yeee haa ! i am going to make the most of it and go play in the dirt with my plants and flowers ... as tomorrow , it is supposed to rain here too . but today 88 and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it , but that it is too low and we hit it . 
\Don't ... Don't ... Don't believe the hype !!! " 
today is the tomorrow you were worried about yesterday ... 
Its going to be a beautiful day .... 
the average person lives 25,550 days ... for those of you my age , we have burned through over 17,000 already .... I say we put the power of positive thinking to the test and no matter what the world throws at us ... find someone to be thankful and happy for share it with us .. and make someone smile today .. everyday ... we may not change the world , then again ... we just might , either way we win ! 
Many people have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness . It is not attained through self-gratification , but through fidelity to a worthy purpose . 
gummy bears ... that is whats one my mind , gummy bears and 162 bpm . 
The more a man knows , the more he forgives . 
Failure is not fatal , but failure to change might be . 
94 feels like 102 ... whats the point ... why not just say its 102 degrees ... do they think we might not notice when we walk outside ? its a beautiful day . 
My dad Rocks ! Listening to a cd he made for me , it has songs from 1969-2009 and they are the best ever ! Thanks daddy ! My dad is the coolest ! 
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her . 
Be careful how you think ; your life is shaped by your thoughts . 
We have made it through the first one third of the way ! I am the luckiest girl in the universe ! or so I feel . My future NBA allstar and I are doing great , well I am looking more like FREE < PROPMALE > ( ha ha ) but otherwise , perfect . Any exciting plans for the 4th for anyone ? we are hoping for a break in the heat ! its a beautiful day .... 
someone just drove there into my living room ! now that is something one doesn't see everyday ! 
that was supposed to have read someone just drove there CAR into my living room window ... and are you kidding me ? oh miss < PROPFEMALE > , no , you cannot park your piece of s@#$T car in my living room ! ( that was awesome , still laughing girl ) ... < PROPFEMALE > already stole that spot , got one in the bedroom though , nice view ! LMAOF ! OMG ... again I ask are you kidding me ? 
Inspiration and genius ... one and the same . 
first night in weeks I am without a migraine !!! And IT'S A BOY !!!!!!! 
\That's one small step for man ... one giant leap for mankind . \ " 41 years ago today man first walked on the < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a\ 
listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all\ 
of which have the potential to turn a life around . 
I am as happy as a bird with a french fry ! 
moving sucks ... 
did that really just happen ? 7 strikes in a row on Wii Bowling ? 
we are never more discontented with others then we are discontented with ourselves . 
It's surprising how many persons go through life without ever recognizing that their feelings toward other people are largely determined by their feelings toward themselves , and if you're not comfortable within yourself , you can't be comfortable with others . 
die when I may , I want it said of me by those who knew me best , that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where i thought a flower would grow . -abaraham < PROPMALE > 
Men spend their lives in anticipations ... in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time . But the present time has one advantage over every other -it is our own . Past opportunities are gone , future have not come . We may lay in a stock of pleasures ; as we would lay in a stock of wine , but if we defer the tasting of them too long , we shall find that both are surrounded by age . 
It's the most wonderful time of the year .... and yes we do mean football season ! Watching my Packers now ! Miss < PROPFIRST > , your cousin is in the game now too ... go 47 !!! he is . LOVE IT ! couldn't have gotten chosen by a better team ... GO PACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
' An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind . ' -mohandas gandhi 
Its already shaping up to be quit a season for my Packers ! My aunt just informed that #13 is a former teammate of my cousin < PROPFIRST > , who plays for Louisiana ( GEAUX CAJUNS ! ) and the day before my dear friend < PROPFIRST > let me know her cousin , a former CMU DE , is now #47 on the Pack ! They all come to the tundra eventually , we have < PROPFEMALE > and cheese !! GO PACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Loving , loving LOVING the new Linkin Park CD ... i have been counting the days ! 
We have a new due date it seems ... January 1st now ! His birthday would be 1-1-11 ! I'm as happy as a bird with a french fry ( and a side of bacon cheeseburger , and pizza and ice cream and ... ) I'm the luckiest girl in the world ! 
How about that play < PROPMALE > ? GO GREEN ! 
I'm good enough , I'm strong enough , and dog gonnit people like me ! now repeat . 
' Don't try to fix me , I'm not broken . Hello I am the lie living for you so you can hide . ' 
Everything you now do is something you have chosen to do . Some people don't want to believe that . But if you're over age twenty-one , your life is what you're making of it . To change your life , you need to change your priorities . 
its seems it is all my fault again , it seems my < PROPFEMALE > to watch a movie and eat < PROPFEMALE > while feeling a little lost ( a little nervous as so much to do before < PROPFIRST > , a little bid lonely as hit with a sudden small case of the blues and tears but couldn't tell you why , a < PROPFEMALE > bit insecurity when informed my bum is large , and a whole lot of unsure ... I wish I could just be a girl once in awhile . 
watching the Bourne Ultimatum ... 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and see the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . 
I was sitting drinking a Sobe while reading the other day and happened to glance at bottom of the bottle cap.it said ' SWEET CANADIAN MULLET!' I still cant stop laughing at that ! now , to find out what the heck is supposed to mean ? 
is overwhelmed with tears . I am blessed . Pay it Forward people . Those are the words of the day . 
everybody has right to be angry , but no one has right to be cruel . 
the new rankings are in ... Michigan State University .. 8 ! Wisconsin10 ! and what was that team oh yes ... Ohio State .... number 11 ( and no OSU fans you aren't just seeing double . it's 11 NOT 1 ... 11 ! ha ha ha !!! ) GO GREEN ! 8th in the nation ... and climbing ! 
watching the BCS countdown and like < PROPMALE>'s picks even better ... MSU 5 !!! could it be ? GO GREEN !!! 
getting ready for football ... GO GREEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
