wishes her kiddies would go to SLEEP ! I adore them of course but come on its almost 11 ! lol good thing they are so adorable . ( I'm not biased at ALL ) 

Excited to go see \17 Again\ " at the cheap movie with my \ " girls\ " in a couple hours !! ( Are we the cooolest or what ? ) hehe " 
Started taking tryptophan in supplement form for its natural sleep benifits- but this is night two and so far it seems to be doing DIDLY SQUAT ! hehe , ah well guess I will go have some wonderful reading time ! ( don't get much of that ) :) 
So grateful for my wonderful Dad and for my Father in law and my AMAZING husband who is the best Daddy I have ever seen ! Thank you to all those amazing Dads out there , Happy Father's Day !! 
Gearing up for another week ! < PROPFEMALE > HAW ! lol hope everyone had a GREAT WEEKEND ! :) 
monday , monday 
Is it really Monday again ? We had a great 4th of July weekend , hope you all did too !! :) 
\The only reason people get lost in thought is because it is unfamiliar territory \"" 
\I can resist everything except temptation\ " hehe kinda thought this one was good . " 
Ahhh time for readin and relaxin- so nice ! 
Haven't been on here in so long- hello to all my friends ! Summer is just about gone huh ?... 
My little < PROPMALE > fell asleep on the floor next to me , he is so precious and adorable when he is sleeping !!! Eyelashes that go on for days ... He just seem so peaceful ... resting up for kindergarten tomorrow I guess . lol 
Husband and kiddies in bed asleep- what to do with myself ? lol 
After going without power for 5 hours last night , it really makes me greatful to have it !! You don't realize just how much you need it .... 
Had a great \girls night out\ " dinner tonight ! Thanks so much for dinner < PROPFEMALE > - can't wait to do it again soon ! :) " 
If only I could sleep .... 
Happy Birthday to my sweet , amazing , handsome , wonderful Hubby !! I love you baby , hope I can help you have an amazing day ! :) 
My boy is at school , my girl is taking a nap , AHHHHH some mommy time ! hehe , I SHOULD be cleaning- but I'll get to that in a minute ! :) 
I just listened to the Greenday song \insomnia\ " . LOL fitting ! :) " 
Any tricks to get your kids to go to SLEEP ?? lol 
This swine flu stuff is AWFUL !! First my little guy < PROPMALE > , who probably picked it up in Kindergarten- and now my 2 year old Ari . They have been SOOO sick and I have been up with them 4 nights in a row , if you can avoid ANYWHERE this could be please do ! It's SO not worth it ! Just my own 2 cents and word of warning- it's so hard to see my babies suffereing ! That's the worst part ... 
My 2 year old is sick , and laying by me , and I just asked her how she was feeling . She replied \SHHHHH MOMMY !!! I'M TYING TO SEEP ! \ " haha made me laugh . " 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! :) 
I like this idea people have had of saying something they are thankful for each day this month ... so I guess I will go for it . :) Above all else , I am so thankful for my amazing husband ! He is so kind , understanding , and unselfish . He works so hard to take care of us- he is the best hubby and father ever ! I feel like I won the man lottery !! hehe ( sorry if this is cheesy , had to be said ) lol 
I am so thankful today ( and everyday ) for my adorable , sweet , hilarious , busy , loving children . They can be a lot of work- being 5 and 2- but every bit is worth it ! They make my life happier and fuller than I ever thought it could be , I feel lucky to be their mommy ! :) So that is my thankful thought for the day- my little monkeys ! hehe 
I wish I was more excited about the snow ... this year even the first snow of the season seems like a depressing reminder of the LONG LONG winter ahead .... haha :) 
Thankful Thought of the Day : I am so incredibley thankful for my wonderful Mother . She is so amazing and does so many amazing things for so many people . She is the kindest , gentlest , most selfless , hardest working person I have ever known . I have so many wonderful memories of her , and I feel so lucky and blessed to have her in my life ! :) 
Thankful Thought : I am so thankful for my Dad . He is such an amazing man and has been such a HUGE part of my life . He is the type of person who would give up anything so that people he cares about can be happy and well taken care of . He and I have always been super close , and it makes me so happy to see how much he adores my kids ! He is a great \PaPa\ " ! ( grandpa ) :) " 
Today I am SO THANKFUL for my best friend < PROPFEMALE > - she has been such an amazing friend to me since we were 12 or 13- and thanks to her I get to go see NEW < PROPFEMALE > today !!! A much needed needed outing ! Maddox and New < PROPFEMALE > - it doesn't get any better than that- I am so excited I could barely sleep last night ! LOL Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Saw New < PROPFEMALE > tonight and LOVED IT !!! I guess this is one series that I really do get into all the hype- I am so lucky I got to go ! Thanks so much for the tickets < PROPFEMALE > - I owe you big time !! :) 
Today I am thankful for my in-laws . I feel so lucky to have married into such a great family who treated ME like family from the moment I met them . My mother-in-law is so sweet and has been so amazing with our kids . My Father-in-law let us live with him after we got married for quite a while which really SAVED us at the time . I'm glad I have them ! :) 
Thankful thought : I am so thankful for my best friend < PROPFEMALE > . We have been best friends since we were 11 , and even though she moved to Florida we have stayed really close . I love the annual trips to Florida to see her and though she lives so far away , she has always been there for me and is only a phone call away ! :) 
I am so thankful to have a nice home to live in . It was HARD work getting it , 35 hours a week building for over a year but almost two years has past now and I am so greatful we had the < PROPMALE > to get a house . My kiddies are very happy here and I couldn't ask for anything more ! :) 
This weekend is going by WAY too fast !! :) 
\If you always do what you've always done then you'll always get what you've always got \"" 
I just read that early this morning the temperature reached an all time record low for Dec . 11th in < PROPFIRST > at -11 degrees . The previous record was -6 on Dec . 11 1997 I guess . Anyone feel like car-pooling to Bramuda ?? 
Guess its time to break out the Unisom ... sleep just ISN'T happenin tonight . haha 
\Don't think of yourself as an ugly person- think of yourself as a beautiful monkey !!! \ " hehe " 
Would anyone like to come be my maid ? I could pay you $2.00 an hour ! HAHA , j/k Don't you just LOVE the all-day cleaning sprees ? :) 
SO excited to go get my bestest friend at tha airport with my other bestest friend tonight ! YAY- I am SOOOOO in need of some fun girl time !!! :) 
Christmas shopping : DONE ! Wrapping presents : Not one yet ! haha at least the shopping part is done ! :) I can RELAX now ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! < PROPFEMALE > brought my little ones some fun presents- their favorites were the Wii and the < PROPFEMALE > Petal Cottage ! They have been SUPER excited today ! Now how to calm them down for sleepy time .... any ideas ?? :) 
is in 7th HEAVEN because her hubby has 10 DAYS OFF in a row for Christmas !!! AHHH doesn't get better than that- so good to have him around so much ! :) 
Late in making New Years Resolutions this year ... cuz then I have to keep em !!! hehe :) 
Anyone have any good words of encouragement/good advice for motivation to work out ? haha , I know that sounds lame- sometimes you need a little \push\ " in keeping those New Year's resolutions though ! :) " 
Play along : You see me in a police car , what would you think I got arrested for ? Answer mine , then copy to your own profile . See how many crimes you get acused of ! 
Sorry to all my facebook friends that I haven't been on or caught up with you in a couple months , my internet hasn't been working , now its off and on . Hope you are all doing well and I'm excited to start getting updated on your lives again ! :) 
Is anyone else as exited as I am that SPRING is finally coming ? I love when the sun comes out and melts all the snow , feels like a fresh start somehow ! Bring on the sunshine ! :) 
SO glad its Thursday- now I get to have my < PROPFEMALE > home for 3 days ! I gotta say , I feel SPOILED rotten that he gets 3 day weekends off every week . He makes my life so very happy ! :) 
Thanks everyone for all the sweet Birthday wishes ! I feel so very loved ! hehe 
So LOVING this < PROPFEMALE > gorgeous weather ! We are spending hours everyday outside , and my kids LOVE it ! Now if only alergies didn't exist ... lol :) 
Happy belated birthday to my two sweet beautiful babies who both had b-days this last weekend ! ( Althought they are HARDLY babies anymore ! ) < PROPMALE > turned 6 on Friday and Ari turned 3 on Sun , can't believe how BIG they are getting ! :) 
In the mood for some REALLY great books- anyone read anything lately that was really great ? Nothing better than a great book- I'd love some suggestions peeps , if you have any ! :) 
\When you reach the end of your rope- Tie a knot in it and < PROPFEMALE > on for dear life ! \"" 
\If you think nobody cares if you're alive- try missing a couple car payments !! \ " I read this today and it made me laugh . :) " 
Before you criticize someone you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile away and you have their shoes ! 
\Nothing is as frustrating as arguing with someone who knows what he is talking about ! \"" 
Just remember , if the world didn't suck then we'd all fall off ! hehe 
\A compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted . \"" 
\A clear conscience is usually a sign of a bad memory . \"" 
Hoping my hubby is having a GREAT first day at his new job !! Poor guy was up almost all night at the ER with me- he only got a couple hours of sleep , hope he is staying awake ok ! lol :) 
Loving this beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day !! :) 
On day 6 of nutrisystem and missing real food . lol I like to call the dehydrated food from nutrisystem \edible food like substances\ " . I think this is more accurate than calling it actual \ " food\ " . haha but hey it is easy and convenient so if it works I guess its not sooo bad . :) " 
Still trying to get used to my hubby's schedule of 12 hour shifts on graveyard . ( YUCK ! ) I was so spoiled with his old schedule . But at least he loves his job and has a few days off every week , that is so nice ! :) 
\The average woman would rather be beautiful than smart . This is because the average man can see better than he can think . \"" 
So glad to have a new computer thanks to my wonderful cousin < PROPFIRST > - now I can keep up with all my facebook friends again ! :) 
\Happiness isn't having what you want- It's wanting what you have . \ " I know everyone has heard this one- but I think it's so true ! :) " 
Can't believe my baby boy starts first grade tomorrow ! Where did the time go ? And how is it that I'm old enough to have a first grader ?! lol I wish I could freeze time and just keep him my little boy forever ... guess life doesn't really work that way though . 
Loves a good storm !! :) 
Lets see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR firstname . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you ... have fun with it !!! 
\Never put off til tomorrow what you can avoid all together . \"" 
My 3 year old just came up to me and gave me a huge hug and said \I LOVE YOU MOMMY ! I LOVE YOU SO BAD !! \ " he he made my day ! This is why we have kids ! :-) " 
SEPTEMEBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and a friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
\Better to live one day as a lion than a thousand years as a lamb \"" 
Be nice to your kids ..... they will be the ones chosing your nursing home ! 
\Always forgive your enemies but never forget their names . \"" 
Happy Saturday everyone ! I hope you all have an amazing day ! :) 
\Some people are like slinky's- pretty much useless but make you smile when you push them down the stairs ! \"- haha sorry but this one made me laugh ! :) " 
\Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the husband ! \ " haha " 
\Some people walk in the rain- others just get wet ! \"" 
\The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . \"" 
Getting ready to go on a picnic with my little fam and my parents- it will be SO nice to be in the canyon on such a beautiful day ! I can't wait !! :) 
Had a wonderful time in the canyon today- My little Ari was knee deep in the water in her tights and skirt throwing rocks in the water for over an hour , had to pry her away ! A little sad we won't have many ( if any ) more days to do this before it gets too cold ! 
\Sometimes I wake up Grumpy- Other times I let him sleep ! \ " hehe ;) " 
I have decided whoever invented the bread maker machine is pure GENIUS !!! It is so great to be able to make banana bread in less than 5 minutes . ( though yes , you have to wait about an hour for it bake- but still SO EASY !! ) The smell in my house is WONDERFUL . Now if only they woudl come out the magic house cleaning robot and the robot chef I would be all set !!! hehe :) 
\It is easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission . \"" 
So my husband's birthday is on the 15th- anyone have any good ideas for presents or dates that don't cost a lot ? I would love to hear some ideas from all my smart facebook friends !! He works really hard and deserves to have a great birthday ! :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my amazing husband of almost 7 years !!! The big 25 ! Lol I love you baby ! 
Can't help but be SO HAPPY they canceled overtime today at my hubby's job ... even if we need it . I feel like someone just gave me a present ! My < PROPFEMALE > all day long YAY !! :-) 
Laying in bed , wishing I could sleep ! Melatonin and valerian not working tonight ... and I have to be up in 3 hours . Looks like tonight may be no sleep at all . :-( 
I have decided I just love Fall ! Everything about it . I just wish it would not turn into winter- I would be great with no winter at all !! :) 
\Living in a nudist colony must REALLY take all the fun out of Halloween ! \"" 
Would you rather ... be able to read minds , be able to fly , or be invisible ? 
Would you rather be < PROPMALE > and ugly , or be poor and good looking ? 
Would you rather be 3 feet tall or 8 feet tall ? 
SLEEP ?? WHAT'S THAT ? My body or brain does not seem to grasp the concept . Lol 
Happy Thursday everyone ! I truly hope you all have an amazing day today ! Do something today just for YOU even if it is small . We all get so busy we forget to do this now and then- but try to take a little time for yourself today . :) 
So happy to have the internet on my computer again- having it on my phone just wasn't the same at all .... 
Survey : since its 4AM and I am curious ... Anyone have any favorite over-the-counter or natural sleep supplements they would reccomend ? Pretty sure I have tried them all but hey maybe there is something I've missed ? Love some advice ! :) 
Today I am SO grateful for my wonderful husband < PROPMALE > ! Today is our 7 year anniversary . Over the past 7 years I have watched him grow from a sweet 18 year old kid into the strongest , best man I have ever known . He has given me SO much in the last 7 years- 2 beautiful children , a beautiful house , security , and more love than I could ever deserve . I can't believe my luck that he chose ME , and continues to each day ! 
About to take my little man < PROPMALE > on a \date\ " . Grandma took Ari for a sleepover tonight- so we are going to have some \ " mommy and < PROPMALE > time\ " ( as he calls it ) . lol Looks like we are going to Arybi's and then to pick out a toy . :) " 
I am SO thankful for such a wonderful Mother who is also my best friend ! I have so many wonderful memories of her over the years- she did such an amazing job raising us ! She does so much to touch SO MANY lives- and I admire a million things about her ! Most of all her kindness , gentleness , and compassion . I am so blessed to call such an amazing woman \mom \"!" 
Today I am thankful for a wonderful home to live in with a big backyard that my little ones can run and play in ! For the first few years of marriage it seemed like a far off dream . It may have taken 40 hours a week for a year but it was worth it ! :) 
Oh my- almost 5:30 and STILL no sleep . Gave up after 4 hours of trying and got back up . lol This insomnia is getting a little rediculous ! :) 
WOW- I was tucking my 6 year old in tonight , and he told me \Mommy- how come people like to kill each other and make someone bleed ? We had a assembly at school about people dying and shooting each other with guns and bleeding and lots of kids mommys and daddys died ! \ " APPARENTLY it was a Veterans Day assembly . " 
Today I am thankful for great friends who are there to talk to and who are unconditionally accepting . A couple I have had for around 15 years- and still stick by me despite my flaws ! Friends make the world a bareable place ! :) 
I am so grateful that I have been blessed with wonderful grandparents in my life ! They have taught me so much , and been a huge comfort and strength through my life ! I miss my Grandpa < PROPMALE > very much and feel so lucky to still have my other 3 grandparents here . They are all such amazing and admirable people ! :) 
I'm so thankful for days off !! ( My husband's ) Time for a much needed family outing tonight- the kids are jumping up and down with excitement . lol 
I am very grateful for my In-laws and to be a part of the \Burton\ " family ! They are such great people and I'm glad my kids have them in their lives ! :) " 
To\ 
all the unselfish moms out there who traded eye liner for dark\ 
circles , salon haircuts for pony tails , long showers for quick showers , \ 
late nights for early mornings ( or both ! ) , designer bags for diaper\ 
bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Lets see how many moms post this . \ 
... Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up and instead LOVE what\ 
they got in return , post this if you LOVE your life as a Mother ! ? 
OK I have to say it ... continuing with \thankful\ " month- I am SO thankful for BEDTIME !! lol ( my kids ' bedtime that is ) I LOVE being a mommy- but with my hubby gone SO much sometimes we have long days- and I love that time at night I get when the house is finally quiet and I get some \ " me\ " time . :) " 
I'm grateful to be home ! Had to go grab a couple things , and it was not snowing AT ALL when I left- I wasn't there long and when I came out WOAH ! Stay home everyone ! Glad to be \snowed in\ " with my sweet little family ! :) " 
I'm thankful for the little heater I have under my computer desk that keeps my feet nice and toasty ! :) lol 
I am grateful that Black Friday sales come ONLY once a year ! Got some GREAT deals at the midnight Walmart sale but WOW- NO < PROPFEMALE > to fight through that again for a VERY LONG TIME ! :) 
Making a < PROPFEMALE > house for Ari for Christmas SEEMED like a great idea- LOL it is taking much more time and work than I realized ! Hopefully she will like it when its done . :) 
Ari : \Mommy get off the Puter and play with me !! And I need my Vita-mint !! ( vitamin)\ " LOL Guess I better go- don't wanna upset the < PROPFEMALE > ! haha " 
Ok so I am taking a sort of poll here- anyone else have issues with Facebook chat or is it ONLY me ?? I am trying to figure out how to fix it- so has anyone had problems with chatting on FB , and if so what did you do to fix the problems .? Would love some advice ! But maybe it IS just me and everyone else's works just fine ? :) 
Looking forward to tomorrow- my hubby's first day off in 7 days . The kids are VERY excited for some MUCH NEEDED \Daddy\ " time ! :) " 
Last night my Grandma Jensen passed away after a battle with cancer . It was her 86th birthday . The world is SUCH a better place because she was in it- she was the best and most selfless woman I have ever known . How lucky I was to have her in my life until now ! I will miss her SO much- but I am happy she is done suffering and somewhere where she is happy and can no longer feel pain . 
