If my pup passes gas 1 MORE TIME .. I'm attaching 1 of those pine tree air fresheners to his butt !!! UGH !!!!!! 

Wanted to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! If you are traveling , prayers to you for a safe trip . Hope to see everyone at Hoggys !! 
I feel the need to make a plea to my FB friends . Will you please pray for < PROPMALE > Fryman ? I believe he was in the class of 1983 . Can't go into detail about how , why , or what , just trust that your prayers are needed . Thanks Guys ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! 
Was planning on 2010 being better than 2009 .. Definitely not starting out that way . Mom and I had to put Dad's dog < PROPFEMALE > to sleep last night . I guess the good part of this is she and Dad are now hanging out together again . That thought makes me feel better . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more brave friends who will participate ... 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities DO NOT have a disease ; children with disabilities are NOT looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE .... 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ?.... and make this your status for at least an hour ! 
\I detest that man who hides one thing in the depth of his heart and speaks forth another . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Soooo glad this is not my weekend to work !! Prayers going out for my friends that do . Be safe everyone !! 
Hey FV friends !! My stable is almost finished . I just need bricks , harnesses , and horseshoes ! Thanks for all of your help !! 
Busy day for me .. Cleaning house , doing laundry , and shoveling snow . Gee , what ELSE can I do ??!! 
Dear Lord , Thank you for my family and all of the friends you have blessed me with . Could you please find it in your heart to bless me with bricks , harnesses , and horseshoes so I may complete my stable ?? My horses would sure appreciate a roof over their heads !! Amen . 
Wishing all my FB friends a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
If you don't want stabbed in the back , don't put the knife in someone's hand !! ~ Michelle Babcock 
Just wanted to say Thank You to all my friends who wished me a Happy Birthday !! You guys are the bestest and I am blessed to call you all \friend\ " !! Hugs to all of you ! " 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ...... Riverside Methodist Hospital in < PROPMALE > , Ohio ! 
FYI : THERE IS A VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ME OR ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFECT YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS 
If you have a friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you thru thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ... then copy and post this to your status . They will know who they are . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really likes to read things . 
IT'S \NIECE WEEK\ " : If you have a niece/nieces who makes your life interesting and fun who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to you status . Your Nieces will outgrow your lap but never your heart ! **** Love you DeLannie !!!! **** " 
Wishing everyone a Happy Easter ! 
Thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping ; I have you in my heart ... Love and miss you Dad !! Repost ......... if you have a loved one in heaven .. 
I must be crazy ... After 20-some years , I went and had braces put BACK on my teeth yesterday . And let me just say .. I hurt today !!! What WAS I thinking ??!! At least I'm old enough for \medicinal\ " alcohol this time ! " 
On May 28 , 2010 I ate red meat for the last time . I have become a Vegetarian . I know this sounds pretty strange coming from a girl who grew up on a farm that raised sheep and cattle , but I am tired of the abuse and horrible conditions animals are forced to live in for the almighty dollar . 
It's June 7 , 2010 and I still am a Vegetarian !! No beef , pork , chicken , turkey , or anything else that walks on 2 or 4 legs ! Have also omitted milk thanks to Conklin Dairy Farms !! I will honestly say I feel sooo much better ! Yeah Me !! 
FATHERS DAY - is Sunday .. If red roses grow in Heaven Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Daddy's arms & tell him they're from me . Tell him I love & miss him & when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while . Remembering him is easy , I do it everyday , but there's an ache within my heart that'll never go away . I love you Dad ! Copy and paste if your dad is in Heaven ! 
I'm thinking that I need to get one of those T-shirts that says ; \This is NOT the life I signed up for ! \"" 
8th row seats at < PROPFIRST > Mayer with my friend < PROPFEMALE > .. AWESOME SEATS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer is the BOMB !! Put on a great performance ! Very genuine and appreciative of those who came out and sweated with him in the heat !! Definitely worth seeing again !! :-) 
O-H !!!!!!!!!!! 
Here's a thought ... Hot and Cold are temperatures . Not the way you play someone . 
Tonight ( 9/7 ) + 10:00 pm + Sons of Anarchy = My butt on the Couch smack dab in front of the TV !!! 
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL ?!!!? Let the games BEGIN !!! 
Please take a moment to remember those that perished as a result of 09/11/01 . May we NEVER forget . 
While at the fair Sunday night , I figured out what I miss most since becoming Vegetarian ... Pepperoni Sticks !!!! 
O-H !!!!! 
I like it on the kitchen counter ! 
Feeling yucky today .. Doctors appt this afternoon for confimation I have Strep Throat ! WTF ??!!! 
YEA !!! No Strep !!! Ummmmm .. Would you believe they're CANKER SORES caused from STRESS and probably being sick ( which I really am) !!! How pathetic am I ?!!! 
Out of curiosity , if you could be anyone in the world for a day who would you be ?? 
I'm a handful . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I'm sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worse then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . If you're a handful , Repost ... I dare you .... I'll be looking for the ladies who repost ! 
PLACE OF BIRTH . Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth : Born ~~~~~ Columbus , Ohio ! 
Re : Sons Of Anarchy ... This is gonna be a GREAT season !!! 
Home from a wonderful and relaxing evening with my SFAM !! Love you !! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and their family ! I am so blessed !! 
Thinking that my body should have come with an Owners < PROPMALE > !! I now own 2 sets of crutches purchased within the last 2 years .. Not Good !!! 
Saw the Orthopedic Doc this afternoon .. MRI scheduled for tomorrow . To Be Continued ........ 
Well the verdict is in ... Tear in the meniscus + bruising of the bone = surgery .. < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to ME ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same . Until Dec . 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children . Join in the fight against child abuse ! 
Number game . Send a Number to my inbox and I will post as my status what I think of you . 
#1 You are an amazing person !! Your devotion to your family , friends , and grandbabies is beyond words . I feel so blessed to have you in my life and be able to TRUELY call you \Friend\ " !! Love You SFAM !!! " 
Had the knee scoped yesterday and everything went well . Surgeon said it was torn more than MRI showed though . Was able to clean up the arthritis that was in there also . Bonus !! So far I'm pain-free thanks to Mr. Vicodin and Mr. Icepack ! Thank you everybody for all the thoughts and prayers !! 
Made it through the first day of PT post-surgery ! God I hate homework !! LOLOL 
Visited Dad today and placed his Grave Blanket for Christmas . Sucks that this is gonna be the only present I will be giving him now . I miss him so very much .. every single day . Love you Dad ! 
Best of all , Christmas means a spirit of love , a time when the love of God and love of our fellow men should prevail over all hatred and bitterness , a time when our thoughts and deeds and the spirit of our lives manifest the presence of God . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > F . McDougall 
Copy & paste this if your Dad is in heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Daddy's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while . 
I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Diabetes . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just for 1 hour ? Do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it . 
Some days you're the windshield .. Some days you're the bug . Go figure ... 
WOW ! Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !! They were very much appreciated ! Hugs to you all !!! 
Banana 
Have you ever wondered who would show up to your funeral and what they would say about you ?? 
