Ready for Monday 

off work .. yay for me 
too much vodka last night can't get to feeling better 
Out with my love and his family at Treffs . Bringing in the New Year 
It hurts to try for something and fail , but find out someone else has succeeded . 
I'm making fajitas right now waiting on < PROPFIRST > to get back from picking up < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I've been relaxing all day 
Such a nasty day for Easter . Easter egg hunt in house ?? Too bad I'm at work I net it wld be funny seeing 11 kids running through house trying to find eggs 
Isn't it crazy how one minute its nasty outside and the next its pretty . That's TEXAS weather for u 
So I'm getting nervous . I got to go to my sleep study in less than three hours . Hopefully I find out something . 
Done with sleep study now I have to wait a week for the results 
Who does it hurt more the person ur mad at and who gets ur blood pumping or u ? Me of course lifestyle too short for me to let this happen 
Come on ten I'm ready to get out of here . Really I'm ready for Friday so I can be off the weekend 
I'm soooo freakn tired . I just want my bed or a nice cold one . Maybe both . 
Ready for it to be Tuesday 10pm so I can be off two days 
Get off at 10 tomorrow my birthday but I'm broke til Thursday . What to do ? At least I took off Thursday wish id done Friday also 
< PROPFEMALE > u have me reminiscencing on my younger days . Sure miss having no worries of bills and kids . And < PROPFEMALE > it got me thinking of when u came down also . Late night suspension bridge and sprinklers . 
Happy birthday Me . And my son wants me to spend all day at school with him . I guess ill go surprise him with lunch 
Alright enough sleep . Time to get up and do something productive . 
So I've lost 20 pounds . Only a lot to go . I think I need to get a copy of that dcs from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . : b oh well after get on this machine at night doc said lose faster . We shall see . Just keep in my mind before baby weight . And then no more kids . 
Ready 
< PROPFIRST > got me runs for my birthday . Is it more for him or me ? LOL he knew I wanted some . Hey I'm keeping car a LONG TIME 
Drinkin a beer with my love < PROPFIRST > , and my two besties at their house . Tried calln fav cuz < PROPFIRST > but he no answer 
I'm so plastered . I don't know when the last time I was like this . Thanx < PROPFIRST > , davin , Amber ,. and < PROPFEMALE > 
So I had a great Wednesday night . Got really wasted . Best moment is when I puck up books and call misdeal in clubs . Right < PROPFIRST > 
I wish I wld have took off today also . Oh well I get off at 10 . Then I gotta go grocery shopping . 
Back at work again . 
Uggghh !! My brain is frying dealing with irs . Can't wait to get this solved : got appt next Wednesday 
Grillin watching this new lady walk up and down street . So hillarious she is dressed too clean to be hooker so er know she undercover . Even our neighbor stopped telling us same thing . 
At work . Company picnic this weekend plus I'm off 
I just applied for another position at hospital . Keeping my fingers crossed 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired . Ive been working since 730 and I don't get off til 10 
Sometimes I feel like I'm the one to call or text people I know first and I'm tired of it . From now on if they want to talk to me or see how I'm doing they will have to get ahold of me first . 
At work but not working yet cuz I gotta get chest X-ray to make sure I don't have TB 
Off tomorrow . Too bad I can't sleep in cuz I got lots of stuff to do 
Had a great day with my love . We didn't argue one time . Oh I love these days 
Nice day off yesterday now back to working for tha money 
I'm so happy right now . I just had one interview for the job I applied for . Just have one more to go . 
Today is going to be one of those days I can tell already 
So if u reach out for help and no one is there does it mean ur not meant to get help ? Even after all the times u were there for others 
I hate my job the one time I tell her I NEED to go to break and she says no then comes to room like my rollercoaster of emotions is a burden 
I'm feeling much better . I think my emotional roller coaster is over ??? 
I'm off for the day I have to enjoy it cuz I work the rest of the week 
Work home work home story of my life 
oesn't matter if u knew me a little or alot , anything u remember . Don't send a message leave a comment here . Next re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about u . Leave it for 24 hours , it could be very interesting what people remember about us . 
I'm awake too early 
I wish I didn't have to work . And when I get my checks it goes to bills . Story of my life . On plus side my sons caseworker said by next week his case shld be looked at and if they need further exam they will set up 
At ER again with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . He can't stop itching . Contact allergies . They r gonna put him on steroids again . So glad he has allergy visit next Wednesday 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there . I hope you have a wonderfull day . We deserve it . 
I hope everyone's day went good . I had a great day . Now back to work tomorrow and the kids go to school . 
More money coming out of pocket for medical bills . Y can't I go back to days when I was on parents insurance . :P 
I had a good off day today . Did a lot of running around . spent time with the family . Now I just need a vacation from both jobs and for these bills to stop coming in . Haha 
PARTY ON SATURDAY ... IM READY 
Ugghh I'm tired . I need a nap . Going to take one too . At least when I sleep all is well . Off to GREAT dreams 
Short nap . Now I'm picking my son up from school . 
Question of my day .. should I get a piercing or not ? 
ALright I'm at work but at least I get off at 10 only had to work 3 hrs 
I'm at work . Off tomorrow for party and BEER . And 7 layer dip < PROPFEMALE > . I've decided yes to piercing 
I wish I wld have took today off too . But I'm at work til 9pm 
Just sick and tired of it all . The more I think about it the more I want to just pack up and move away from here . 
Off today . But I got a doc appt this morning . Ugh more money out the pocket 
Ok I said I want to pack up and leave but if anyone were to believe that I would say id leave my son must be crazy . I carried him for 9 months and i work to support him . 
What's really going on . 
I work both jobs today . Used my machine for first time last night . Ugh I woke up so many times 
So I just saw a picture of Joeangel and I when I was 17 . That was a blast from the past . < PROPFEMALE > I need to look for the ones with us now . :) 
Omg . There r places where what u wear doesn't matter but come on have the common sense to cover up at a hospital 
Ugh so I work for next six days straight at job 1 . Oh man Ima be tired . Maybe ill save money from not drinking . LOL . I know I got bills to pay 
I don't work tonight . I went to doc today I got planters something or another . I have to wear shoes anytime I walk for 4wks and do foot exercises . 
Spent the day with family . Good days like this with fam make me not want to go back to work 
I get off at 230 and so ready to 
Right now things r going good . How long before they change for worse ? 
I need 130 to come so I can be off 
It's < PROPFEMALE > freakn hot . no wonder when I'm working it's hot in the building . < PROPFIRST > I need to go swimming lol 
I got my haircut . I hope I didn't cut too much . I guess ill have to straighten it when I get off to see . I don't go to work til tomorrow at 530pm so I got time 
Alright I dropped my work keys in toilet . Yuck !! At least it wasn't my phone . Haha 
Hmmmm . Got the yawns but not sleepy 
Just found some old pics . Boy I wish I was that weight again 
I just want to be off 
I got one more hour . What to do tonitr ? 
A thought which do u prefer on mashed potatoes brown gravy or white ?? Me its brown 
My baby has ceremony tomorrow . 
Got my high school transcript and enrolled in MCC today . I've been getting a move on things . It's never too late 
So my sons ' classmate asked me if he cld come to her party Saturday . I asked if he got invitation and she said yes but he lost it . LOL . We look in his desk and its messy . Gotta find info from her mom in morn 
I keep thinking today is Friday . Too bad for wishful thinking . I wanna drink LOL 
Today is gonna be a long working day . Then comes my weekend . I'm ready for it 
It's Friday . Might go to lake tomorrow . Everything is going good . I love when life is like this 
I go from happy to aggravated in a flash . Y does everything have to be an argument 
All better now . At peace . I'm ready for vacation . I need to be free of stress . Count down ugly til u see me . Cali sun and Vegas slots . I better not get too drunk might end up married cuz I'm making < PROPFIRST > go to Cali LOL 
Come on 10pm I'm ready for u . 
Im with my love . gonna do something tonight with him though dont know what 
Drinking with my love and his family so happy now . I love life and < PROPFIRST > 
The weekend went by way too fast 
My tummy hurts so bad and this darn pepto ain't doing crap 
So many things going on . 
Thinking it might be time for a change 
Oh the rain . If I was still young id be playing in it 
Grr since when is the left < PROPFIRST > on the highway the slow < PROPFIRST > . Common courtesy people if u drive SLOW stay in right 
My son was sick yesterday so I bought him tomato soup which he loves(I dont ) . Well he drinks almost all then tells me he is gonna save the rest in case I get sick too . How sweet of him ? 
I love getting good news . Does this mean good things will keep coming ? I hope so 
I'm starting to feel it . On the plus side I think my machine is doing its job . Im sleeping better plus not wanting to always take naps and my mood is better 
5 more days . I'm counting it down 
I'm ready for Friday to get here 
Just got three days of work left . 
Y oh y do I keep trying to make it Thursday . Just cuz I want it to be so doesn't mean its gonna happen 
Alright second countdown . June 25th 
Y did my day start out going by fast but now its starting to drag . 
It's funny how the waiting rooms r full of people watching the game . U know they r wishing they were at home 
When things start to go right . Something always changes the good . People need to worry bout their life and stop trying to screw with mine . That's cool u think u got us we will have last laugh 
It's so funny how people thought thru were gonna get us in trouble but didn't know what was about to happen . She is gonna find < PROPFEMALE>'s a bia and I believe its all bout to come down soon 
Almost time for my weekend to begin . What shld I do .. hmmm oh wait that's right I gotta pack 
Y is this last hour taking soooo long . I'm ready to not see this place til monday 
I'm moving friday and I have nothing packed at all .. grr . at least i'm having a good day right now that's all the matters . 
I'm on top of the world . Got great news that I've been waiting for . Maybe things r really starting to change 
What to do what to do . Not looking forward to moving but glad to be . :) 
The sun is shining . I am smiling . Today is gonna be a great day 
I had some more good news today . 
Just ready to get off . I have a little less than 4 weeks til we r California bound 
I've got to get down n decide what I'm gonna do for my son's birthday . 
Grrrrr stayed up half night packing . I'm a procrastinater I get it from my dad . Lol . Overslept today so barely made it to work on time . Plus I hate snail mail especially when I'm waiting for something nice in it 
Word of advice . Being an ass kisser at work does not always pay off . LOL . Must be the < PROPFEMALE > . I think it is funny 
Friday is getting so close . My son wants a birthday party with ALL his cousins n friends but no cake bc that's too sweet . I better find a BIG place to have it cuz he has tons of cousins on his daddy side :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UGLY . I LOVE N MISS U 
I'm loving life today . LOL got paid . Move tomorrow . Gotta pay bills . Oh wait n snail mail ccame thru 
10pm needs to get here . Off tomorrow but I'm moving . At least I can start drinking early LOL 
It's the last hour . Gonna go to walmart when I get off 
Thank goodness I'm wore out . Gonna be a long day tomorrow 
Almost all the way moved in . Now just gotta unpack 
Off . Tired . Gotta wash clothes . Grrr 
I'm wore out . The countdown to vacation begins tomorrow . Ugly only to n a half weeks til u see me . 
What a great weekend for all this rain . Not . I wish I cld still be in my bed sleeping . It was < PROPFEMALE > cold in house . 
15 more days till I'm gone 
Happy 4th everyone 
Didn't get my fix of hashbrowns with shredded cheese ranch n pickles . At work tho 
Woke up at 11am n realized I had to go to work at 1230 instead of 130 
I wish I was a bird so I cld fly far far away from here . Some people 
Life's trying to give me lemons who wants some lemonade with everclear . Grrrrr 
Just took my test did good except the 72 in math LOL . And to think I was good in math in high school . Life's a trip 
This is gonna be a slow week . Ready to leave waco for awhile . Not ready for a drive but ready to go 
Isn't weird how u have friends but thry never call or text out the blue unless u call or text but there is the one friend who does that . Too bad mine is in another state . That's u < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Ive been thinking it might be time for a change 
When ur back's against the wall n u have no one to turn to I bet u will look for me . It just might be alittle too late . 
Blah blah 
7 more days . Countdown for Friday 10pm . I definitely need a vacation even if I wasn't planning on leaving state . UGLY r u ready to see me . It's been over half a year . 
So moving kind of don't sound bad . After I finish school that is . A fresh start for my family might be nice . Not like I < PROPFEMALE > out with anybody here 
Is it Friday yet ? I gotta get packed . Grrr . 
I hate when I eat something n it makes my tummy upset 
It's Wednesday . I'm ready to be off . 
Ugh . Latest new rule at work is so freaking hilarious . U have to call and let them know u r going to restroom . Next they will want to hold my hand while I shit . So glad I'm going back to school 
It's Thursday . The sun is shining . Tomorrow is last day to work . So come on 10pm Friday night 
Hmm . I have so much to do n so little time to do it . That's life 
1 jobs down 1 to go before vacation begins . Ima get a tan 
Less than three hours and I'm outta here . Don't come back til the 27th . 
At my parents stuck out on front porch cuz someone locked the back door and I don't want to wake anybody up 
At < PROPFIRST > moms waiting for 315 to go back to my parents so we can leave waco 
At < PROPFIRST > moms waiting for 315 to go back to my parents so we can leave waco maybe we can get in house then 
We just got to Amarillo . Gonna get something to eat then back on the road again 
Alittle over 250 < PROPMALE > to albuquerque 
90 < PROPMALE > to albuquerque . Can't wait . Time went back an hour . Tanned some on the 60 mile bike ride at 9 this morning 
At the hotel . Ate kids r swimming so they r getting tired . Got beer at walgreens which also sells liquor(which was crazy ) the man that rang me up asked where I was coming from . Turns out he was born n raised in waco . It's a small world 
On the road again 
In Arizona now . Last state left before California . 
I'm ready to be out of < PROPFIRST > n standing on ground 
Almost there . 30 minutes left . It's 9pm this time but 11pm waco time 
I'm relaxing at my sisters enjoying the vacation 
Almost made it to tha ocean with the family . Time to get a tan or most likely burned LOL . We go to Vegas on Thursday . 
Had fun at beach now fixing to walk the pier . 
Waco people ? On base in Cali there r 3 fast food restaurants- a burger , a mexican , & a chicken what r the names ? All of which we have in waco . LOL 
1 hr til we r in Vegas the kids decided to stay at my sisters . So its my parents , < PROPFIRST > , my sister her hubby and me 
WE R IN VEGAS NOW 
I go back to work tomorrow . 
I just shocked the shit out of my finger at work . 
I registered for my classes today 
At work . Again I say is it Friday yet 
Aggravated right now . Some things never change 
worst weekend : sat drop phone in toilet so have crappy phone for now n no < PROPFIRST > . miss work sunday no babysitter or phone to call in . come to other job today and boss said he will let me know friday if i can have off every tuesday for school . no wonder they cant keep people . life just sux sometimes 
Going to classes 4 days a week now n only 1 internet class 
My little monster turns 7 Sunday . Good thing he already got his big birthday present now I gotta get him a couple of more . Then his birthday party is on the 17th and he goes back to school on the 23rd to 2nd grade 
Well I'm gonna be off every Tuesday . 
Today is my monster's birthday . I can't believe it has been 7 years . Seems like yesterday I was holding him for the first time . 
The countdown begins . 
Ready for today to be over . Gonna relax this weekend . Gotta go grocery shopping too . Ugh I love and hate grocery shopping at the same time . 
I'm just sitting at the house . Relaxing today with the family . Go back to work tomorrow and < PROPFIRST > T . birthday party is Tuesday niight . 
Tomorrow is my little monsters birthday party at the water park . A week left til school starts . Gonna try my best to relax til then cuz once it starts there won't be any relaxing 
Had a great time last night at the water park for my sons bday party . Thanx for everyone that showed up 
Im off work sitting at the house with my love . The kids r already asleep . 
My monster starts school tomorrow . I start Tuesday . 
List for school . Schedule-done : Laptop-done : Books- done : Tag for car-done : Backpack- FORGOT .!!!! What was I thinking ? 
First class over with . Next one at 11:00 . Boy it had been forever since I sat in a classroom . Oh and I figured my backpack situation out . I can just take my laptop out holder on school day . Problem solved . Yay me . 
Finish my first day of school . and guess what ? I survived . lol 
Thing about he say she say is just that it's he say she say . Until it comes from horses mouth it's a pile of shit 
U can't blame other people for ur life sucking . U have to strive to become better . That is what I'm doing n u don't like it then u don't have to be around me . 
After spending 6 hrs yesterday and 1 1/2 today all homework quizzes done . Just gotta do math tonight . So glad I get internet cut on at my house this week 
I hate dealing with people . LOL . How hard is it to just call back . Wish I could just go grande . Oh well if the lady don't call soon I'm just gonna call the company myself and talk to someone else 
Oh class how I love u so after a night of not sleeping good . NOT !!!! My pillow is calling but I can't go to it . Doc appointment after class then I have to start picking up kids . 
Finally I got my cable and internet hooked up today . I was going crazy with no cable . I don't know how people do it for longer than what I dealt with . 
Just a little longer til I'm off . Then I'm gonna go home to my cable since I didn't get to enjoy it much last night due to the fact I had to get up early n go to class then straight to work . 
Bout to call it a night . I think I need to actually go to sleep earlier tonight . Did my quizzes for school . Gotta do math tomorrow cuz I got class on Tuesday . I'm so tired . 
Went to school . When class ended I felt like a kid again splashing my feet in water only I was holding an umbrella . Glad I word sandals . Ate mcalisters with < PROPFIRST > . Their food was actually good . Never Ho there to eat 
The day is over and I go back to work tomorrow . We went shopping for shoes today . I bought me my cheapest pair of sketchers ever . I only ended up paying 9.10 for them . My feet are going to be feeling great . 
I'm up and getting ready for work . Ready for this weekend . Oh wait I've got a ton of homework to do . Oh well at least I don't have to work . 
Drinking with my love without kids for once . I love < PROPFIRST > ramos Jr. 
UGGGHHH . School work . After a night with no kids my son comes home . What happened to those days when he stayed at his grandparents all weekend ? JK I love that his likes being here more than at his grandparents . 
Well another weekend gone . Another week to start . School and work . Work and School . 
I don't wanna go to work today , but I can't call in . 
Got a lot on my mind n I don't really feel like dealing with the bs . 
Well I got through today , I'm gonna try to get through tomorrow ... Forget the bullshit and live my life 
Just when things are going good , BAM another roadblock comes along . 2 in 1 week . I need a break a LONG break . Where to go ? Where to turn ? Lost inside my thoughts . And to top it of I have 2 tests today , but I've gotten one out of the way on to test #2 
Wow so I take my son to McDonald's for breakfast and practically got chewed out by manager cuz I ordered wrong thing . I wanted Bacon egg and cheese mcgriddle but she said I ordered sausage only b/c I just said mcgriddle meal . I do remember pointing at Bacon one . GRRR !!! Guess customer is not always right 
Is feeling at peace . Oh and I'm tired 
So Friday we went quick grocery shopping . Didn't realize til last night when car was nasty stinky that we left two packages of sausage in the trunk , n for those of u that know my car is a hatchback . UGGGHHH my car still smells like a poopy ass dirty diaper . 
I'm going out Friday night any suggestions on where to go ( no click's , shooters , or Treffs ) 
All I can say is TGIF . I'M ready . 
At C&R with my baby 
People aggravate me when they ignore calls and texts . Just answer and get it over with . 
The days are going by . I got school tomorrow then work . uggghhh . But the pay off will be good . 
Well I gotta get my car checked out cuz my service engine light is on . 
What a day . Time to relax . Enjoying the night with my family . 
So it's Thursday already and it seems like the week has flew by . 
Well we made it to our destination in Kansas safe this morning at 7am .. LONG DRIVE . We drove from 8pm til 7am with minor stops Kansas sure loves their money at the toll booth .. BOOOO . It was 10.75 to drive alll the way across Kansas to Kansas City . 
Texas how I love you so . It feels good to see u again . Now to see waco will be the icing 
At school . Ready to be out . 
Some people piss me off . U r scum guy . And u know . who u r . My aaunt is better than u hands down 
It's a good day 
At ER with < PROPFIRST > t . They gonna give him antibiotics and they r testing me for strep and the flu . I hope I don't got the flu 
I'm feeling better . Ready to go back to work tomorrow . 
I HATE TIME < PROPMALE > . IF I DIDNT LIVE IN AN APARTMENT I WOULDNT HAVE IT . AFTER OVER TWO HOURS WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE THIS IS WHAT HAS BEEN ACCOMPLISHED .. < PROPMALE > UP ON , LEFT ON HOLD FOR SUPERVISOR FOR OVER TWELVE MINUTES , LIED TO ABOUT OFFICE OPEN HOURS , TOLD I HAVE TO DRIVE TO < PROPFIRST > IF I WANT TO HAVE A CABLE BOX THIS WEEKEND , CANT GET AN APPOINTMENT FOR SOMEONE TO BRING ME A BOX TIL TUESDAY . 
Feeling better . I'm calmed down . Watching tv with < PROPFIRST > kid free for second night in a row relaxing 
Happy 12th birthday Joeangel 
These people at the apt are a trip . Got no cable , but their dumbasses are entertaining us . Y could't they have just fought though , enough yellig we hear that shit all the time , 
People aggravate the shit out of me . \ 
Also preteens r the same way . When my son gets this age I'm locking him in a room til he is GROWN . LOL 
another day has one by 
Ate good dinner . Feeling like crap cuz of the darn weather messing with my sinuses . Got nine more classes to go before finals . 
OMG trying to figure out what i want my class schedule to be for next semester . ARRRHHH . 
Over people ignoring me . It's better to answer tough questions whether than ignore them . Grow up !!! It's their loss not mine . My life is looking up even with the small kinks . 
My head hurts . Love the feeling of the weather just not the rain . < PROPFIRST>'s birthday is Sunday . Thinking bout throwing a party for him on Saturday at the apt . 
Some people ... Having a party at apartment Saturday for < PROPFIRST > birthday . I'm gonna cook brisket and drink some beer . 
Turned in paper #3 which was a two person paper for English . Looked on blackboard to be curious and teacher already graded . Made a 95 . Oh yeah , I'm happy . 
I'm just confused . Drinking makes me think about things . I don't wanna do that . I end up with more questions than answers . How did I really end up here ? Am I really just a cold hearted bia . \ 
Amreally a cok 
Thinking bout things . Drinking does that to me ? No good , what am I doing ? Do I like who I've become ? ARRGGGHHH 
I am feeling the effects of dollar beer today . No headache yet just the nagging yucky feeling . On the plus side my brisket turned out really good . 
At apartment with my love and some family . lots of kids running around , drinking a cold one . Nice night . Thanks to everyone who came to eat . Hope you liked it . 
It's Sunday already . Not ready to go back to work , but I had a great weekend . I've been thinking and decided I'm not going to let stupid ass people effect how I feel . What goes around comes right back around . Probably already coming back around on them . I'm bettering my life can't say the same for everyone . 
HA HA I laugh at the stupid and smile at the one's I love in my life . They say friends are like pennies always coming and going . I say my true friends are nothing like that . To all my true friends you are diamonds not pennies . LOL 
Just took another quiz made an A . Just got a few weeks , but I've been thinking I might want to change my < PROPMALE > . HMMM . 
OMG . people at this apartment are hilarious . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , Sissy , me , and < PROPMALE > girl were goofing around and the nosy outside folks who always argue called the laws saying we were arguing . LMAO 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired . Can't seem to stay awake at school today . 
Sometimes I wanna pull my hair . Then I remember it wld only hurt me so I say f it and calm down 
So I get stuck with a cellphone < PROPMALE > that someone else used all last month and didn't bother to pay and ignored me . but then the < PROPMALE > comes in and they bought a $5.94 ring tone . Fu**ing hilarious . 
Gotta start my Christmas shopping . Just thinking about it makes me want to pull my hair out . And to top it off I'm going be $65.00 shorter on money I can spend . When someone decides not to pay their cellphone < PROPMALE > and the stuff they bought MY SON suffers the consequences . HMMM , something sure is wrong with that picture 
It's Friday . I'm in a good mood . Not worrying about any bullshit tonight . 
Had a good night last night at home relaxing . Today is another day 
Just finished making rice krispie treats with my son . Ready to try them out . 
Life is what you make it . I'm making the best for me and my family . Forget those who bring me down . 
What to do tonight ? Don't wanna go out . One son here and one son at his grandparents . < PROPFIRST > T . wants to climb the wall to get to the ceiling . He wants to walk on ceiling 
Another day . My nose is cold . 
Today is Monday . Ready for it to be over 
Gonna cook some chicken and dumplings for tomorrow night , since I have school tomorrow night and don't wanna cook after it is over . 
Well well I'm wore out 
I made a 100 on my math test hopefully my Resp . test gets a good grade too . I'm so tired . Christmas is coming . 
Tomorrow's Friday and I have no plans . Gonna relax this weekend and enjoy the short work week tomorrow . 
It's Saturday . Lazy day . 
Ready for my four day weekend . 
I just got finished shopping for stuff we needed for Thanksgiving . I'm baking a pecan pie and cooking broccoli and rice casserole . Gonna miss my UGLY AND STINKY POO this Thanksgiving . 
one more day of work then I have a four day weekend . Boy the kids r gonna drive me crazy . LOL They r already driving their daddy crazy . HMMM what to do 
I'm off and I'm happy i have a four day weekend . 
Broccoli casserole- check 2 pecan pies- check , beer to drink while waiting for food to be ready- check ... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all 
it's Friday and I'm at home relaxing 
Scruffy gets his annoying barking from his momma and wakes me up at 8 in the morning so we bring him in the room with us . Well he had to get his can't stay still from is daddy . ARRGGGHHH . I say thanx < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > or maybe Fendi and GB . Which ever one's I should thank 
I'm not feeling the love right now . :( 
I'm ready : 0 ) got things to do before going out 
Fixing to go out with my baby 
At whiskey river with my , love 
Left club now at sis in laws . Where is my bed ? 
So many things going thru my mind . Life deals sucky hands to us 
had a good time last night at Whiskey River . Thought I had slept almost the whole day away only to wake up to it being noon . Going relax today before going back to work tomorrow 
another day has gone . Thursday is last day of classes then exams next week . 
I got a 100 on last exam for math , I'm feeling good . Going into my final my average is a 98 or should I have a 97.5 
Don't you just hate it when one thing gets you mad , and everything else seems to keep you mad . 
Is it bad when you don't notice you are no longer friends on FB with people you actually know personally unlike the ones you have for game purposes 
Fixing to get ready for tonight . Gonna go to DAVIN\S Birthday Party . " 
I had fun at Davin birthday party . Everyone that didn't come u missed a good party 
I just got done taking my final exam for medical terminology . Final Grade is a 90 . I'm happy with that . 1 exam done 3 to go 
Three exams down , one to go on Thursday 
Okay so if u have an appointment time and r expected to show up on time then they should have to start on time . Still waiting for them to call on me 
Just got done heading back to work got called back at 2:25 
Getting ready to go to my son's Christmas thing at the mall . 
Just got done at the Christmas Concert . My baby is growing up so fast . Done with school for the semester also today . I'm glad for a break 
47 you are like my second mom , which I hold very sacred . You have been there for me through the roughest of times and never turned your back . I feel lucky to have you in my life and for you to be family makes it even more special 
424 I've gotten to know you very well over the years and even though we live states apart it seems like you just live in another city close . It's been over 7 years since I've seen you so that means you need to visit even though you will say I'll hold you hostage . :^) But I know you are saying now that it's me that needs to visit you but I know you WILL hold me hostage and my family will miss me terribly . 
624 I miss you bunches and wish you were here . Even though I was an annoying twreep growing up who would have thought we would have gotten so close . I miss my best friend and can't wait to see you again . 
Tell me y Dyl is more awake than me . And his momma say he go to sleep at 8:30 . Ha i say 
47 you are like my second mom , which I hold very sacred . You have been there for me through the roughest of times and never turned your back . I feel lucky to have you in my life and for you to be family makes it even more special 
30910 We are family and even though we don't always stay in touch as much as we should I know I can count on you in a time of need . I love you very much 
it's 9pm on a Saturday night and I'm watching SpongeBob 
Dyl is about to go home as soon as his aunt comes to pick him up . Boy I forgot how self sufficient < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > had become . Having a 2 year old at my apt all weekend has made me remember . 
Another weekend gone by . I just relaxed the day away watching movies and listening to the kids play , fight , and play again . Christmas is alomost here . 
i'm so wore out . 
I'm so tired . We went grocery shopping and spent two hours there 
Today is one of those days when I want to throw my hands in the air and give up all while crying my eyes out . Can things get any worse ? 
I'm feeling alittle better now . Thank goodness for my happy pills . First time in a long time that I'm NOT looking forward to Christmas , but at least it will be closer to 2011 
It's the weekend time . Today is a little better than yesterday but then I get to thinking and all goes downhill . I think I'm just going to get lost in some books this weekend . 
It's Friday and I'm at home . I'm betting myself no one calls to see what I'm doing tonight . ( Unless they read this ) Oh well I don't give a shit is my thought . 
Getting ready to head to Belton with the family to see the lights on the lake . I'm on book three right now so good thing I'm not driving so I can read until it gets dark . 
Book 3 finished . oh so good . trying to decide if i want to start book 4 or not . i'm gonna make me something to eat first and decide 
It's a relaxing Sunday and I'm ready for a 4 day work week and then a 4 days weekend 
My meeting went well today . Hopefully things are changing for the better . Isn't it crazy when someone tries to make shit you do bad but when they do same shit it is not the same . CRAZY !!! Makes me laugh 
Just woke up to my dog barking . Go figure . I was hoping to sleep until morning , but seems I can't even do that . 
Went to sleep at 7:30 woke up at 10:30 now fixing to go back to sleep by midnight . What's the deal with me ? 
Things are getting better . I had a better day . One more day of work then a four day weekend 
Think its funny how people act . I don't give a shit n if they r unhappy there is a door to happiness and no one blocking them from going 
Well Christmas is here . Wish there was snow and not this nasty rain . Not like it is going to happen here but one can wish . AND DON'T EVEN SAY IT < PROPFEMALE > . I KNOW WHAT YOU R THINKING 
just got done taking a nap , kid free , gonna watch some tv 
I hope I'm not getting sick . My whole body feels down and my nose won't stop running . Please be only allergies . 
I've slept the day away . My body doesn't hurt as bad , took alot of nyquil just can't stop coughing 
Another nap over with . 
Fixing to dye hair . 
Okay so i just finished book 2 in this series I'm ready . I actually cried . Debating on whether to start book 3 tonight or tomorrow 
Only 2 more books to go . Won't be reading tonight though . Lol 
I'm making steak fingers for supper with mashed potatos 
four day work week 
thinking that maybe i wanna get a tattoo this month ... hmm ?? what to get though 
I'm thinking that maybe it's time to take a weekend vacation somewhere with the family but where oh where would I go ???? 
Enjoying my last week before school starts back up listening to my son play the game . 
tomorrow is friday 
JERSEY SHORE time 
Thinking . My laptop messed up called customer service and good thing under warranty . Gotta ship of(money I'll have after Tuesday payday ) to go get fixed . Now I've reached lowest my life should get better 
took my laptop to best buy . luckily it was still under warranty so they r fixing it for free only i never made a recovery disk so I'm going to have to buy one from gateway . GO FIGURE 
OMG I've been washing clothes at my mom's since 4:00 and still got one more load to dry . That's what I get for putting off washing clothes . Can't wait to move into a place where I can have a washer and dryer . Hopefully soon if all goes well 
Gonna relax the rest of the day . Just got done with what i had to do today . 
Waiting for class to start . 
Sitting in history class right now 
Just got out of speech . Thinking I'm gonna love that class . Actually thinking both my night classes will be interesting . And math well I liked that last semester 
It's been a long week and I'm glad the weekend is here . On the phone with Sprint right now trying to see if I can order a new phone or if I have to wait til next Friday . 
Just finished the brisket , let it cool down , separated meat from fat , gonna eat in a bit kinda full since u know when ur separating u snack 
I hope these clothes dry fast cuz I wanna go to my house and relax 
Relaxing at the house . Busy week ahead . Gonna go out SATURDAY who wants to go ??? 
If u smelled the smoke in my hood its all cool I didn't burn the apartment down . < PROPFIRST > put out the fire first . Apartment still smells of smoke . LOL 
Monday- caught oven on fire . Tuesday- over slept so late to work . What else is gonna happen this week ? On my way to class now 
Waiting for history class to start 
Tired I wanna go to sleep come on 9pm 
Just got out of school picking up < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > then headed to the house 
Well I went shopping and found me two shirts and a pair of jeans . Didn't get to get a haircut though 
At shooters with my love waiting on < PROPFEMALE > . Got my new phone , new outfit 
So confused ? what happened ? 
Something so good ended in ?? ' s . Why what how ? I'm so lost 
Stayed up late last night . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just got home . Going to whiskey river tonight 
Alright time to start to get dressed . I got lots to do , plus people to pick up 
At shooters now 
Whiskey river was great . Shooters was great too . Had a blast with everyone . Now at my mother n law's with family 
Its got me thinking . < PROPFEMALE > is a bia 
Well well the weekend is almost over . 
Not going to have childess ass arguments on Facebook . I'm a grown add woman and if want to argue don't put the shit on Facebook grow the fuck up and have the argument with me in person . Haha laughing at dumb shit 
Everything is settled . 
Just read a fun fact : half the worlds population is under 25 
Ive decided I'm going out of town this weekend . Need a break from waco . just gotta decide where ? ill make that decision tonight 
Life is great , wonderful family , close friends ( u know who u r ) , and making something with my life . Everything else is a power trying to bring me down . As < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > would say put ur trust in the man upstairs . That is what I'm gonna do . 
We'll be going south this weekend just how far has yet to be determined . Also what highway we take too . 
Fixing to look up hotel prices in a couple of cities to get some deals . Then we will decide where to go . 
Shreveport- 4:15 hrs , San < PROPFIRST > - 3:07 hrs , Admore , Ok- 3:10 hrs where to go where to go 
Off work . Gotta go wash clothes . 
im off . Wanna go home to start the weekend . Not going out of town as planned but I'm still gonna have fun 
No work . No school for me or the kids . And all of got dressed before realizing . LOL . 
Front restroom just over flowed . Got in hallway and flooded there too cuz door was shut and no one realized . They came and got water up from carpet but still wet and stinks . Put peppermint oil down to smell better what a day 
It's snowing . the kids just went outside 
Well I'm tired and fixing to crash for the night . My only wish is that the snow doesn't stop so there is more of a blanket in the morning . 
I just made my butt get out of bed . I sooo don't want to be stuck in the apt today . I want something to eat , but don't wanna cook . But I do get a 3 day weekend . 
no kids tonight what to do what to do 
At the bar with my love , but my mind is on vacation and to where I have no clue 
don't want to think a thing ... 
It's Saturday we have no kids again just finished my test and nothing planned . oh my 
Time to go house hunting . I'm excited . And no east waco . Lived there long enough 
Looked at about 10 houses today . Now I'm tired . Fixing to get something to eat . 
Math class oh how I don't want to be here today . 
Its been a long day . work , school , work , school . Time to lay it down . 
ARRRGGHHH !! why r none of these people answering phones or calling me back ?!?!?! 
Well it's been an eventful afternoon . Ready for the weekend now 
Come on people . I wanna go HOME 
Just finished eating at < PROPFIRST>'s Jr. It was so freaking good . Best burger I've had in a long time , except for the one I cook . LOL 
Back in waco . Took almost 6 hrs to get to shreveport yesterday due to all davin's potty breaks and printing directions to way we didn't go . Only took 3:30 to get back since davin stayed and we didn't have to stop every city . Ready to go back . 
Washed clothes . now at home finishing this movie so I can go to sleep 
How r u going to tell me u sent someone to fix a/c n its fixed when I try it everyday . called manager to ask when going to fix a/c n she tells me it has been fixed . Then insists on arguing with me when I tell her I try it everyday for last 2 months and it isn't . wtf ??? just send someone ... aaarrrrggghhhh 
They came by to fix ac but it has a leak in the pipe so it won't be finished til tomorrow . Supposedly they came by yesterday to put some free-on in but I guess they failed to check what the reason was the free-on leaked out in the first place for . Can't wait to move this stupid place . Only a few more months if that . DON\T THEY GET TEXAS IS HOT " 
My son got in a fight today . He was taking up for his friend . And the boy he hit was bigger than him . My son the protector . They each only got 1 hit off before the teacher stopped it . Glad he didn't get suspended or wrote up . Since it wasn't like him they let the boys go free . 
Fixing to go to class . y did I wake up thinking it was Friday . Cld it be that < PROPFEMALE > talked about meeting at work yesterday making me think it was her weekly Thursday meeting . I blame it on that . Still love u tho < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait til we have full staff again . All week at least 2 people been off each day and today 3 weren't there . I'm sooo ready for FRIDAY !! 
Been doing school work for almost 3 hours . All I'm gonna do tonight . What to do What to do ??????? 
I hate this place . It's < PROPFEMALE > freaking hot . I'm thinking about going to get an ac from the house to put in my bedroom until either we move out or the fix the ac unit . i bet we move out first . 
Catching up on the three weeks of jersey shore i have on dvr while waiting for the meatloaf to cook 
Got my 3 essays done and printed . now to take a shower and go to bed . I'm loving this cooler weather especially since we have no ac still 
Just got off phone with IRS and heard some good news to my ears . Time to file my taxes now . 
Aarrrggghhh . I'm going crazy find out one good thing for irs only for them not to be able to answer another ? They tell u to call city hall and city hall said got to call somewhere in < PROPFIRST > . No wonder people don't want to deal with them 
I'm feeling good after getting the run around on things . I found out the info without those stupid people on the phone with no help for me at least it looks like right info . I wish I could get a MORNING or AFTERNOON OFF FROM WORK to go to actual IRS office to get my taxes done so I know they will be done right , but I know that won't ever happen . Hopefully I don't get audited . SO STRESSED 
Well I filed my taxes today . I'll get them back in 11 weeks at the latest so when everyone has theirs spent I'll be getting mine . LOL and then I'm going away from Waco . At least I hope . 
2 people called in today . not surprising . I need some days off and May is looking better and better . kinda wish we were still going out of town this weekend cuz I wouldn't have been at work today . 
Went to take < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > pants at my parents . My mom informed me they were taking him to < PROPFEMALE > Garden cuz he asked her last night to promise to take him there today . LOL . At least he has good taste on food . 
Feeling good . Love my family 
Things happened . People argue . But one thing remains . Blood is thick . Believe and everything will work itself out 
I've listened to a kid cry since I got to work . and not one in my class either . I just feel like going to lunch and not coming back . Aarrrgghhh 
Let's totally undermine my authority and give the child what they want no matter how they talk to me or hit other kids . SMH all while thinking is it worth it . Cuz I know once they know what I say don't mean squat no one in the class will listen . 
My day has been made . My pickle looks at my phone wallpaper n says . Ms. < PROPFEMALE > . my ms. < PROPFEMALE > 
my ankle is hurting . i kind of want to take a nap . don't know what i want for supper . ready for the weekend so i can see my stinky poo and ugly . :) they r coming for a week . Twice a years is not enough 
I'm worn out . What to do tonight ? Passing the time til tomorrow when I see my stinky poo and ugly 
Sitting here with my babe drinking 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - \Momma I'm 95 percent sure we won't get tired\ " as he walks in front of me . Me- \ " Is that right\ " since I'm sure I am tired after just walking down and then up < PROPMALE > ups ladder . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - \ " yep we only walked 214 steps . 107 down and 107 up . \"" 
Just got home from my parents . Watched a movie with my sis , mom , < PROPFIRST > and Joeangel . Wish I could be off some this week to spend time with my sister more before she goes back Saturday , but that ain't gonna happen . Sucks that she lives so far away 
I'm so tired today . also I'm aggravated at some people . They act like money grows out of asses and not worked for . Thinking not doing anything at all might be the key 
I had a good time seeing my sister . Hope the rest of ur visit goes well . Love u n my stinky poo 
Well I finally figured out how to change my text messages to play songs . who would have figured I needed an app for that . LOL . Now if I can figure out how to have different text tone for people who text a lot 
Praying tomorrow is a good day 
Took dogs a bath n watching redbox movies with my love 
Time to start another work week . 
Did not get the good news I wanted . Now I have to wait up to 8 weeks . Argh !! But when that day comes it will be good . Praying it takes less than 8 wks 
It's Thursday . Glad tomorrow is Friday . 
I had a good relaxing weekend . Now back to work tomorrow . 7 more weeks . LOL . Oh , and I've began really looking for a house 
Just went to panera bread cafe . Gonna see how their soup is cuz my body is aching 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT ! Also going thru chat IM ! ~ 
I hate feeling like shit . 
vicks vapor rub and some theraflu nighttime . Hope I feel better in the morning 
I've decided I'm going to ER when I get off . My throat and chest won't stop hurting 
I'm glad it is Friday cuz I'm so ready to get the fuck off for the weekend . My brain is going into gear thinking . Things r going on at school for my son and I can't help but to feel I'm not doing my mother duties right . Hmmm !! This is no bueno for my son . I already don't go to his doctor visit , but I can't fail him for his school . 
yes , I'm off work just went to look at some houses . I'm ready to move . Still thinking !!! 
Today is Sunday already . Got things to do on Monday during my lunch break . 
Well the weekend is ending . I so don't want to go to work tomorrow but I gotta . Besides I have things I have to do . Wish there was a way to change things without having to change things . LOL Plus i gotta go look at more houses after work . 
Why did < PROPFIRST > have to die ??? 
I'm so tired . just finished paying bills . looked at some more houses today . Now time to go to bed . I hope this week flies by . Maybe a phone call for the good will come through . LOL 
Woke up wanting to go to ER but couldn't because of shooting . Now I'm just waiting to go . On my lunch break will be the latest . 
This sucks . I have strep throat . 
Gonna call my caseworker tomorrow n see if I can move out without giving a notice . I'm glad I have family willing to let us stayb with them until we find a place . I don't want my kids here anymore . 
Ready to go home 
Another Sunday has came . I hope this week goes by fast . 
Just finished watching country music awards . man that song with disable people almost had me in tears . and it was good 
Today has been a productive day for me , though I still have to find a house soon . Oh How I hate looking for houses . 
life's too short to worry about the small stuff . 
Ready to get this month over so we can move . 
It's Friday and I'm glad to be off but I'm bored 
Got home last night after hanging out at < PROPFEMALE>'s to find the hall floor wet . Come to find out today the dogs chewed tube in bathroom making water come out and water leaked to bottom apt . The maintenance man had to come turn the water off in bathroom . 
Just finished watching Army Wives . This season sure has been good 
I'm wore out already . Got half my kids and half from another room . And mine are acting WAY better . 
So tired of hearing same kid cry all day 
Just finished writing my paper for Speech . So glad to get it out of the way even though I procrastinated til two days before it is due . 
< PROPFIRST > T\ Momma I sure do miss when u use to read to me before I went to sleep . Me\ " It's way after 9 tonight but if u re < PROPFEMALE > d me before 9 I will . MT\ " ok but I might just forget again\ " 15 < PROPFEMALE > . later \ " Momma\ " from his room . \ " Son\ " \ " I love you and goodnight . \ " I sure do love hearing it but he tries everything not to go to sleep " 
FACEBOOK has 4 new VIRUSES !!! #1 ) If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 ) If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 ) get 5000 FACEBOOK CREDITS $ #4 ) A message from your friends via chat saying click this links .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! These are BAD ones ... and will crash your computer !! RE POST AND warn EVERYBODY PLEASE 
I'm ready for this week to be over with . Then it will be one more week closer to BIG money . LOL 
Today is my aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . Yay , cuz it means mine is tomorrow . LOL . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
When you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . When you humiliate her , offend & insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . When you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . When you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Re-post if you're against Domestic Violence , MENTAL & VERBAL ABUSE 
I'm so tired . Ready for the weekend . Ready to get my money in . Ready to move . Ready to go to Shreveport . I'm just READY 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes . Today has been a good day so far , just a glitch in the road that is taken care of now . LOL < PROPFEMALE > u know what I mean . 
Eating at < PROPFEMALE > Garden for my birthday with my parents 
What a way to end my birthday . I get letter from IRS needed more documents to do my claim which wouldn't be bad , but then it also said that I will have to wait 6-8 weeks from the day they get this stuff to get my income taxes back . Does anything ever go right ??????? 
waiting at < PROPMALE > hewitt in Walmart to get these stupid forms to send to IRS then gonna have another 6-8 week wait 
Got papers taken care of finally now another 6-8 week wait on top of 5 weeks I've been waiting and other 2 weeks before that . 
At home now from campsite . Would have liked to stay longer but Joeangel kept whining about being cold and tired . 
Funny things . I say pot calling the kettle black .. or maybe what Jesus said in that person without sin shall cast the first stone . Don't know exact saying . It makes me fucking laugh . Oh well . On another note though another day is going by . I feel good . 
All of us have a thousand wishes to be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
Love how my son drinks my hot chocolate and then falls asleep laying next to me on the couch . It's the small things that make my life good even when other things go wrong . I LOVE MY FAMILY !!!! 
Another Sunday . Time to relax with the family . Work again tomorrow . Arrgghhh !! Had a call with an offer yesterday . Got me thinking . Only 3 weeks of school left . i'm happy bout that . We shall see what this week brings . 
We are fixing to make fajitas with beans ... I'm gonna make some cookies too . Ready for dinner 
Just finished watching Army Wives . Another good one yet again . Now I'm sad cuz I have to wait 2 weeks to watch a new one . 
