Yeah , I finally decided to get on facebook . 

Can't wait til the new Nightmare on Elm Street comes out . 
Man , we need some cable at the house . 
I'm really gettin tired of all these bugs in Pine Bluff , AR . 
Phone's gonna be off for a while . 
I'm tired of seein these boring sports on TV , I'm ready for football . 
Man , I wish I had been in the weight room and trained for football more often . I would've been in the NFL right now and been the greatest running back , don't care if people disagree . 
They just don't make good sitcoms on TV anymore . Those < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > shows aren't funny to me at all . 
The price of a haircut stays the same no matter how much hair you get cut off right ? Then why do some barbers charge extra for cutting a little hair off above your upper lip or under your < PROPFEMALE > ? Makes no sense to me . 
Can't wait to hear the sound of shoulder pads colliding . Love that sound . 
My birthday is closer than I thought . 
After watchin mixed martial arts for a couple of years now , boxing is kind of boring . 
It's so hot out here , I think I can cook some eggs on the street . 
Very bored 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . :) 
The return of < PROPFIRST > Stepney to California coming soon . Ahahaha 
It's hot out here , but it feels better than Arkansas . 
Dang man , I got off at the wrong bus stop . I fell asleep and woke up at a place that looked just like where I was tryna go . 
Ahhhh I shouldn't have gotten off at this bus stop . I'm stuck here for 30 mins . now . 
Just got a fresh cut . Doesn't a fresh cut just change your whole mood ? Man , I feel good right now . 
is super bored ....... I mean suuuuper bored . 
Somebody entertain me . 
Man I'm gettin burned up out here and my clothes are fading . 
I was just thinkin ..... both of my brothers are married now . That means I gotta get married , ahahaha . I'm next , ahahaha . 
My granddad will NEVER stop talkin if he isn't interrupted , ahaha . 
My phone is off . 
Happy 2nd birthday to my niece Ajaah ! Wish I could be there to celebrate . 
Wish it would snow over here . 
About to go watch the wild card games . It should be an easy one for the Saints . Colts vs . Jets should be a good one . 
It's snowing here in Pine Bluff for the second time this month . I've never seen it snow twice in a year over here . 
Dang , I haven't hooped in a minute . I was lookin terrible , ahaha . It was a good workout though . 
It's snowin again . 
The Steelers are gonna win by a big play made by Polamalu at the end . You'll see . 
Nice day today . 
Why do some people talk about eating healthy and not drinking caffeine , but they smoke and drink alcohol ???? They'll drink a beer but they won't drink whole milk . smh 
If it ain't one thing it's another . 
Very bored . 
Maaan , I feel like hoopin . 
They need substitute teachers bad around here by the way a lady from a school sounded when she called me to find out if I can sub on Friday . 
Maaan , I could not stay asleep . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is super funny on Family Fued . His reactions to people's crazy answers have me bustin up laughin , ahahaha . 
If I never had to get up early for something everyday I would almost never get up earlier than 11 : 00am . I am NOT a morning person . 
I will substitute teach for the first time tomorrow . People started callin me before I could even think about it , ahaha . 
First day subbing and I already wanted to choke some kids . Ahahaha ! 
It was good to hear my granddad and uncle talkin to each other again and deciding to forget what they were mad at each other about . 
I'm as hungry as a beast . 
I don't have a class with more than 4 kids today ! This is gonna be a GREAT day ! 
This is gonna be a boring Spring break . 
This dude better return my granddad's screwdriver or things my get ugly , ahaha . My granddad said \I ain't playin ... I don't wanna have to hurt nobody . \ " Ahahaha ! " 
I don't remember ever having a comfortable bed . I've slept on a couch that was more comfortable than any bed I remember having . 
Ay the remix of < PROPFIRST > Valentino's \Words\ " with R . < PROPFIRST > goes hard . " 
Just got done eating a sloppy < PROPFIRST > , chips , and a strawberry float after 10:30 at night . I'm gonna have to stay up a couple of hours . 
Maaan , it's a struggle for me to get up every morning . 
It's freezin out here , I thought it was supposed to be Spring . Got my nose runnin and everything . 
There ain't much good music nowadays . Good thing the radio station I listen to over here has way back Wednesdays and old school Sundays . 
It's already gonna be Friday tomorrow . It feels like this week just started . 
It's 10:00 . Time for the \quiet storm \"." 
Man , I'm gettin tired of tellin kids to be quiet . 
I don't like planning things or making schedules because I always wanna change them at the last minute . 
The Spurs are SMASHIN the Suns . 
