had a blast rocking in 2010 with the guys ! Running laps in the International Fountain and getting SOAKED was a real highlight . Dancing to AWESOME rock music in the Center House , and then getting everybody together for an AWESOME Fireworks Display off our Holy Space Needle . GOOD TIMES ! Vids to be posted soon B-) 

and now as of yesterday I feel really crappy :( Go from being really cold to really hot , stingingly sore throat , OY . I just want to stay home and sleep 
now I feel fine ... EXCEPT MY THROAT , and ears . Throat is as sore as its been in years , and ears are all swollen :( So if I mishear anything you tell me at work today , you have my apologies lol 
Time to get some sleep after being up for 19 hours ! Had fun though 
Its snowing outside 
kicked my left < PROPFEMALE > on the side of the step ladder at work one day , then fell all the way off it to the hard floor the next day . Time to re cooperate over my weekend now :P 
1hr 40 minute commute home from work ... longest commute in ages . * SCREAMS * 
is seeing AVATAR on IMAX3D tonight at midnight at the Science Center ! Muahahahahahaha 
Avatar = AWESOME ! 3D really helped immerse you into the world of Pandora , an outstanding visual piece of filmmaking !! IMAX was even better . The 3 1/2 hours of sleep I got after the midnight showing before work , not so great :P ... TOTALLY WORTH IT 
ugh , double shift today , 13+ hours ... I eat and sleep now zzZZZZzzz 
and now I'm sick :( Gotta get through the work day today !. Special shoutout thanks to < PROPMALE > Singleton < PROPFIRST > Dickerson < PROPFIRST > Moyes and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Monson for surprising me at work yesterday !! You all totally made my evening of my very long day ! Thanks guys :) 
hopes I get over being sick before Christmas ! 
forgot how addicting The Sims 2 can be ! 
Dear whomever it may concern , YOU LEFT YOUR COUCH ON I-405 !! And I almost ran into it with my beloved car , please come back to claim it . Much thanks , B 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL !!! Hope its a great one for everybody :) 
new games , new Blu Rays , new electronics and halo figures , woohoo ! 
can't wait to try out his new HD Camcorder ! 
Hi Ho , Hi Ho , its back to work I go .... * whistles * 
going to see Sherlock Holmes tonight . ROCK ON DOWNEY ! 
Nothing like laying on the ground on the launchpad ramp and watching Space Needle fireworks directly overhead ! What an amazing perspective ! I quite enjoyed wearing a tux and working this New Years event , I'm not gonna lie ;) 
Off work early , enjoying last night in hotel room . having hot pizza by the fire , with the skyline out the window and watching a movie ! Now this is nice :) now if only I had someone special to share it with :( lol 
feels worse . A lot worse ... :( 
has a doctor appointment this afternoon 
Oy , not exactly how I wanted to spend my days off . Feeling slightly better , still a ways to go though . btw everything I hear is muffled and has a twangy < PROPFEMALE > to it . DAMN YOU EAR INFECTIONS ! 
wants the swelling in his ears to go down so he can hear properly again !!! 
is relaxing for a change B-) 
is on his weekend , finally !! 
is glad this day is over 
had a good day of gaming ! 
what a wet work commute !! Good thing I like the rain 
can't wait for Mariners FANFEST !!!! 2 weeks ! Just saw the list of players who will be going ! Time to get more autographs B-) 
Yesterday morning I went to the O-deck before it opened , and walking around alone , got to witness the beautiful sight of all the thick fog as far as the eye can see beneath me , downtown buildings floating on clouds , sea of fog all the way to the Cascade Mountains , glistening in the sunrise , reaffirming in this moment of solace atop the building I love , that Seattle really is Heaven on Earth B-) 
enjoyed AWESOME 24 last night with friends !! BAUER POWER ! And I still am in love with ex FBI < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > even though she cut off that guy's hand . Holy Crap thats unlike her ! But I CAN LOOK PAST THAT ! :P ..... btw 60 degrees in January is awesome B-) 
is sad to see all the Fun < PROPMALE > rides gone ... there goes another piece of my childhood ! :\\ 
is getting < PROPFEMALE>'s oil changed ! 
is just hanging out before work 
BLUE SKY !??! its a miracle ! Time for a < PROPFEMALE > drive to the Space Needle :D 
enjoyed having lunch with < PROPMALE > before work . Now to face the day then go home and stay up late gaming haha 
is now delving into the galaxy of MASS EFFECT 2 ! So glad this came out on my days off :D 
day off ... 9 straight hours of Mass Effect 2 .. snacks and soda at my side , wrapped up in a fuzzy Mariners blanket , cat asleep on my lap ... a GOOD day ;) 
Mom has been cleared by her surgeon , now pending doctor approval , she'll be released from the hospital and will go home this evening :) 
is excited for Mariners fanfest tomorrow ! Mom wants to go with me tomorrow ! I'll be sure to hold all the bags B-) 
met < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and got his autograph , and toured the Mariners clubhouse and got to talk and shake hands with skipper < PROPMALE > Wakamatsu ! Got a pic with him too ! < PROPMALE>'s line was waayyy capped when I got there :( Still great fun though ! GO M'S! Pics coming tonight 
weekend YAY .... now time for more Mass Effect 2 :P 
is much too tired to fall asleep . 
loved the Smallville : Absolute Justice movie that aired last night ! Cept for Icicle ... laughable villain , rest was awesome though ;) 
is trying to get used to the new Facebook layout that was finally thrust upon me this morning 
forgot to pick up Bioshock 2 on his way home from work . Contemplates going back outside to get it after he beats Mass Effect 2 this evening . . . 
got Bioshock 2 , and beat Mass Effect 2 . Best game . EVER . Holy Crap what a climax . . . 
is looking forward to Pwning at Gameworks tonight ! 
is off to Gameworks to game the night away with < PROPMALE > Singleton ! Too bad they only close at midnight ;) 
is seeing Wolfman later tonight after work . AHOOOOOOOOO <--- sad attempt at werewolf howl 
wonders when he'll have a Happy V-day and have a \Valentine\ " And the misery goes on lol :\\ " 
survived being alone on another Valentines Day . Didn't think I'd make it this time , good thing I had a crap load of stuff to do at work :P 
is pumped for 24 tonight . Got \The < PROPMALE>'s\ " coming over :D < PROPMALE > Singleton < PROPFIRST > Dickerson " 
is making plans to visit Peoria AZ to go to Mariners Spring Training ! And see < PROPFIRST > Beerman at Arizona State . :) 
Has Mariners Spring Training Tix for monday 3/22 and tuesday 3/23 ! Gonna see my friend on 3/24 and come back 3/25 in time to work on 3/26 lol Unless anything drastic happens ... but the game tix are purchased at least :D 
wishes he could have enjoyed the nice weather we had today 
spent 40 mins sitting in traffic ... and thats while I was still in the 5th avenue garage .. apparently the Bon Jovi concert let out the same time I got off work :P . Oh how I wish i lived within walking distance to the Needle lol 
is THRILLED to have GAME USED Griffey bat AND game worn Griffey Batting Gloves from 1997 now in his collection :D ! 
is watching 24 
is finally working on an important creative project ! :) 
is having a chill out play videogames all day , day off . lololololol Sorry < PROPFIRST > , I ... I had to :P 
spent the day going all over Seattle . from sports stores near and at Safeco , to the Market to Seattle Center ... to up to the U-dub . good walking filled day . and how bout that blue sky that fought valiantly to stay alive ?? 
has to stop playing Heavy Rain RIGHT at the climax of the whole story and just witnessing a MASSIVE plot twist .... to go to work ! NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! This will bug me all day now :P lol 
' s lower back pain is certainly in full force today 
got his new stereo set up ... built in iPod dock FTW 
is pondering the future . . . . 
got his sexy red hair cut 
there is a < PROPMALE > bear laying spread eagle on the roof of the Skyline level from the TM elevator perspective .... Did this bear jump ?... or was he ... PUSHED !?!?!?! dun dun DUNNNNN 
was up for 30 mins shy of 20 hours yesterday ... would really like to sleep in more instead of going to work today heh 
its my friday and I get 4 days off ! HOLY CRAP ! Its gonna be Epic . don't have to be back til next friday muahahaha 
is home ! Let the productive days off begin . . . I think I'll start with eating and then going to bed ! Rock on 
snow ... SNOW ?!?!?!?!??!?! We didn't even have a winter this year and now its SNOWING ?!?! LOL ... I love snow ... but ... come on a couple months too late :P ... at least I don't have to take < PROPFEMALE > out in it ... it is purdy though .... hmmmm 
so for some reason my Sims 2 game doesn't work anymore and I can't retrieve all my saved game files !! NOOOOO ... over a years worth of work , and several custom characters and their lives ... GONE ! :( Time to start over ... GAH .... btw the SNOW IS GONE ... and now its blue sky and quite < PROPFEMALE > 
and now Router messes up and I have a network catastrophe when trying to connect with a friend on Xbox Live ... took me 2 hours to get it back how it was and still have the same problem ... GRRRR ... gonna get a new router tomorrow . Not been a fun first day off !!! >:( 
but the day is saved by a KICK ASS 24 !! 
today hasn't started on a good note either . Mom's pancreatitis has really flared up again ( what she had operated on in addition to the gallbladder removal ) and she went to the docs , and then I had to take her back to the hospital early this morning . Stayed with her for about 4 hours but I'm home now . Oy , hopefully they can figure something out 
is spending time taking care of his mom 
has Mariners OPENING DAY tickets ! For the Terrace Club ! suhweeeet ! 
is doing preliminary work for a big film project with the Issaquah School District tonight with a friend ! 
fell into a bathtub taking the rack and curtain down with me during said filming project last night ... Worth it though ... cuz we got it on camera ;) 
is getting a nice big bruise on his left forearm after that unfortunate bathtub stunt haha . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Graves 
has got his outfit together to wear to the Space Needle St. < PROPFIRST>'s day party ! 
had a blast at the party tonight 
they're after me lucky charms !!!! 
so Airfare to get to Mariners Spring Training more than DOUBLED from what it was not 2 weeks ago ... from approx 250 round trip ... to 580 . This trip just got a lot more financially tight :P 
workin on logistical plans for my spring training trip next week ! 
has his plane tix and rental car bought for Arizona trip ! 
is now having to re organize the entire last half of his trip . Can't come back early cuz I can't afford the fees to change my return flight , so I'm stuck struggling to find things to do to fill up the remaining time after my spring training games . Great . really frustrating atm 
2 days of work then I'm Spring Training bound ! woohoo ! 
Closing at the Space Needle tonight then heading to Sea Tac airport at 4 am YEAH !!!! 
eating and packing .... I have a feeling I'm going to pull a < PROPFIRST > Bauer . aka be up for 24 hours straight if you didn't know ... and if you didn't know shame on you 
has been up for over 37 hours straight . Time for SLEEP . Great fun day though , Spring Training , seeing < PROPFIRST > Beerman at ASU and having a great night catching up with him . Now rest ... cuz another game tomorrow ! I also heard the M's take to the practice fields adjacent to Peoria Stadium around 10am for Batting Practice and such and is the best < PROPMALE > to get pics with players etc . I'M COMIN FOR YOU GRIFFEY ! 
quick stop at the hotel , now its off for an night on the town with the Beerman . the ASU campus is pretty dang cool . Going downtown Tempe tonight to do stuff . Had a blast this morning watching Mariners take batting practice and work outs . I've gotten a pennant full of autographs . Game was intense and awesome too , we WIN . I am so glad I made this trip :) 
is sitting outside at ASU on the wi fi with the Beerman and we are showing each other stuff ... and chatting on Facebook while sitting next to each other :P LOL . makes our conversations that much funnier when I start to say something then finish it on FB . yeah we are nerds ;) 
laying in bed in the hotel room . second batch of pics will have to wait til I get up in the morning . Literally cannot keep my eyes focused I'm so sleepy lol . after being up 37 hours straight , getting 6 1/2 hrs of sleep , then now being up another 18 straight , my oh my ! Totally worth it though :D 
is very sunburnt . LOL . Driving to California isn't going to happen since I only about an hour go got the rental car refund and now its kinda too late to drive . So instead I got tix for tonight's spring training game :) and I'm going to see the Beerman tomorrow all afternoon and evening so its worked out :D .... but oh man I am so red and sore lol 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' 1st concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your 1st Concert at the end : DEF LEPPARD , Bloomington IL , Summer 2006 
is enjoying his last day down in Arizona by doing fun stuff with the Beerman ! This trip has gone by fast ! Lets hope i don't add to my sunburn :p ... thanks for nothing suncreen and lotion lol 
is packing up getting ready to head to the airport to come back home 
really had a great time on his trip . Now time to get back to the normal groove of things again 
forgot to post this yesterday but , Happy 10th anniversary of the death of the Kingdome ! It will always be missed . Absolutely love Safeco and Qwest , but nothing beat Mariners baseball in the 90s in the Dome ! 
Oy what a bad sinus headache I have today :( 
is enjoying watching the pouring Seattle rain outside in the little view I do have of it 
gets to be a movie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ting today ;) . Volunteering all day at the Issaquah School District for a big film project . Should be fun ! Short movie premise : School is haunted by a ghost . I AM THE GHOST 
8 hour shoot today ... holy crap lol . Lot of fun though , my costume is so awesome and the character I have crafted for the ghost is apparently pretty popular with the kids and faculty haha . You should see the costume I made LOL . Another 8 hour day is scheduled for Wednesday 
worn out after an exhausting 9 hour shoot for that movie .. but principle photography is complete , now onto the exciting POST production ... oh yeah and it all most likely has to be done by Friday . LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL haha 
wonders if he is an April Fool ? 
has recieved word that the MOVIE IS DONE ! I hope to get to the premiere after work today . Hope I make it cuz I want to see my character on the big screen in front of lotsa people ! 
assumes the mantle of OFFICIAL SPACE NEEDLE Easter < PROPFEMALE > today . Should be a hoppin good time :p AHAHAHAHA ... ;) 
don't get home from work til 1:30 sunday morning , barely 7 hours home before going back , 13 hour work day today , and then I open again tomorrow , I am beyond tired :O Thank goodness Monday = my Friday . Being the Easter < PROPFEMALE > was fun ;) Props to < PROPFIRST > for being my \bunny guard\ " haha " 
MARINERS WIN ON OPENING DAY WHAT WHAT !! GREAT game ! Also Facebook was out for me for over 10 hours WTF 
is being way too amused by random crap on the internet on his day off . haha 
Is watching curious case of < PROPMALE > button for the first time . Hope it's good since it has my name in the title lol 
GOOD JOB MARINERS ! Wish I could have stayed home and watched that 9th inning rally . Great clutch hitting Griff Ichi and < PROPFIRST > ! 
hopes the beautiful Seattle weather holds out for tomorrow's Opening Day at THE SAFE ! 
is just about ready to head out to THE SAFE for Mariners OPENING DAY ! Can't wait to see THE BIG UNIT again !!... Maybe he can stay and pitch for us ? :P 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Bone and Griffey all together made my day ! Also getting on the Jumbotron in the 9th inning was awesome ! Pics to follow ... terrible game though :P 
Is off for another couple screenings of our short film that i was in up in issaquah ! Glad everybody is loving it ! 
3 showings of our movie .. all great successes ! We are in the talks in making a sequel with more kids :D at the end of the final showing one of the kids had all the others KNEEL before me . LOL ! best moment of the afternoon . Oh yeah but at Recess a large group of 2nd graders were making fun of me for not having a girlfriend :( lol 
looks like tonight is a good night to head to the Mariners game and get me a Griffey bobblehead !! 
had a great time at the Mariners game tonight ! we Win 11-3 !! Super exciting . I definitely needed that after the shitty way my afternoon ended 
time to face the zombie apocalypse again with a marathon of Left 4 Dead 2 ! Bring it on zombies ... 
Seeing Superman/Clark Kent/Blur and Zod talking on the roof of the Space Needle on Smallville made my day . 
is absolutely loving Splinter Cell : Conviction . I have waited so long for this game to FINALLY come out . LONG LIVE < PROPFIRST > FISHER ! 
Just saw Kick Ass . It was freaking awesome ! LOL 
headed down to the Safe . Come on < PROPMALE > ! lets sweep the Tigers ! 
Um i meant baltimore ! Lol wow i feel dumb . Im here at least ! :p 
Had a blast at the game tonight 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > ! ! ! 2 years ago today I found and bought my 1970 Mustang , my first car :) 
I got somethin to say ! Its better to burn out .... than fade away ! ( Props to those who figure out what thats from ;) 
today is a whole day for you to do good . What you do today is important because you are exchanging a whole day of your life for it . When tomorrow comes , this day will be gone forever ; and in its place will be something that you had left behind ... let it be something good . 
Yeah finally got my tax refund !! over double what I was expecting . Time to upgrade < PROPFEMALE>'s stereo system !! iPod connectivity here I come muahahaha !!!! 
May the Fourth Be With You ! Happy < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day everyone B-) 
Welcome , Young Skywalker ..... I have been expecting you . . . . 
is really frustrated at the moment ! !!! Last I checked save meant SAVE !!! 
has successfully privatized World Peace ! 
' s head is REALLY hurting :( 
Happy Mother's Day to < PROPFEMALE > A Liestman !!!! :D 
Tomorrow shall be the day I get < PROPFEMALE>'s stereo and speakers upgraded ! I'm excited . 
picked out the new stereo and speakers and bought em at Best Buy today ! Geek Squad shall install them for me tomorrow at HIGH NOON !! 
Off to Best Buy to get the stereo/speaker work done ! Posted a couple pics of the BEFORE , you know , for documentation purposes cuz I sure as hell will post AFTER pics :P 
AWW YEAHHHH !!!!! got < PROPFEMALE > back . This is AWESOME !!!! Going for a scenic drive to enjoy the new stuff ! posted 2 after pics 
Loves the new car stereo system . Now is working out with the guys at LA fitness to be manly 
and now < PROPFEMALE>'s water pump or thermostat or something appears to have broken . Great . Looks like I'll be tinkering under the hood today . a trip to the Mustang Shop may be in order too . 
well this quickly became a 2 day affair LOL . Oh < PROPFEMALE > , why for you leak coolant everywhere ? Do you have a runny nose ? I am determined to fix you before I have to leave for work ! 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > , we got your runny nose fixed ! But you are still running a fever ! I'll take you to the doctor ( The Mustang Shop ) tomorrow and we'll see about getting you a prescription for a new water pump :D * special thanks to Dad for carpooling me into work the last couple days ! * 
got < PROPFEMALE > a 1pm appointment at the Mustang Shop for tomorrow . 
Chillin in the mustang shop while they work on < PROPFEMALE > . taking part of engine apart for new water pump and radiator hoses . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > Back ! New water pump , radiator hose , and some bearings that had come loose . They also fixed my drivers door handle haha . Runs a lot better now , but we all agreed she needs a new radiator . Its pumping coolant but not as much as it should be . So I'm going to get that replaced in the next 3 weeks or so . Also got her a tuneup scheduled for this Monday at 9am ! 
can't think of something witty to say . 
off to Mustang Shop to get < PROPFEMALE > a tuneup so she will run more awesome 
well that took forever . good news and bad news , good news is got the tuneup done , got new spark plugs , they put in a petronix < PROPFEMALE > for me , and some other small things , however they discovered there is a mechanical problem in the 4 cylinder of her engine , so they scheduled a leak down examination for next tuesday to determine whats causing the probs with it . Oy 
saw the 24 final episode . . . omg wow ! 
wonders what it would look like if I had my beard in this old picture . . . 
Is stranded with < PROPFEMALE > at the oil change place . Now she wont start . Trying to get a tow . Grumble >:( 
Turns out the ignition coil they put in was defective . thankfully i didnt have to pay the tow or new part . Being stranded sucked . 
hanging out downtown Seattle with < PROPMALE > for the day 
alright Mariners ! 3 wins a row keep it up ! 
getting slammed with stuff today has me feeling frazzled . Also this day has had its weird spots . Lets hope it gets better before the end . 
Kickoff to summer season indeed . Bluh 
has a 9am appt for < PROPFEMALE > at TMS for that leak down examination . oh lordy don't have the cylinder and cylinder heads need replacing . . . . 
well its not the cylinders or the heads thank goodness . Looks like they will have to replace the Camshaft and get a new timing chain and then reseal everything . Not as expensive thankfully , they hope to get it done within a couple days so I left < PROPFEMALE > with them . 
anxiously waits to get his < PROPFEMALE > girl back . Hopefully tomorrow 
and now my hero < PROPMALE > Griffey Jr has announced his retirement . This is a sad day but thank you Griffey for all the great memories and I'm glad I got to see your last home run of your career and got to see you carried off the field last year , see you at Spring training this year and cheering for you on opening day . I may cry :( 
has < PROPFEMALE > back ! Not only did they fix what was wrong they upgraded a few things so she actually runs better than before and has MORE POWER !! ( Grunts like < PROPMALE > the Tool Man ) So she can go faster sooner now muahahaha ! Great to have my baby back . She has never run this smooth before hehe 
Thinks its a beautiful day in Seattle 
is finally transferring to Elevators at the Space Needle :D I is excited ! 
has a fun evening planned 
Is celebrating being men with the guys tonight !! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
wow it is just DUMPING rain !! and quite the thunderstorm too ! so far six SIX booms of thunder , think this might be a record . Not sure what its like up in Seattle proper but here in F . Way it is STORRRRMY 
had a blast at his first softball practice of the season . taking batting practice in the rain was AWESOME . Glad to know I can still hit for a single and a double once I got the swing timing down . Thank you Griffey for giving me strength ;) 
Oh , hello there 1 year anniversary of me first working at the Space Needle as a Tour Guide ! And what a year its been :) 
Enjoyed hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Kyoung and fellow needle peeps this evening on her last day ! You will be greatly missed at the Needle !! :) 
Welcome back Summer ... welcome back . PS Its about damn time ! 
Has blown a tire or broke an axle but im stranded by southcenter . Waiting for fam and tow so i can take other car to work . Sigh 
off to buy a < PROPFIRST > to take the FAILED tire off < PROPFEMALE > and get a new one , as well as get proper softball gear for FIRST GAME OF SEASON TONIGHT ! 
First game ends in a 12-12 tie haha . My first at bat i get a single . 2nd got a sac fly to score a run ! Not bad . Great fun :) 
successfully completed his first day post training as an Elevator Operator yesterday . I am very happy with this job switch :) 
has now leveled up to age 23 . Thanks for all the well wishes guys , they mean a lot :) 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes everyone :D 
had a good day at work and enjoyed seeing the Mariners WIN ! 
is seeing Toy Story 3 tonight ! Bring on my childhood haha 
Toy Story 3 was all kinds of AWESOME ! brought back a lot of memories of my childhood growing up with these movies and toys . I still have my Buzz Lightyear from ' 95 haha . epic win 
the offense came alive in today's softball game ! My team WINS 17-5 !!! I get a hit , score a run , move a runner over , and then strike out twice lol . Also played 3rd base . didn't have my 100% A game but at least I was productive 
Loves the new Ozzy album 
is running errands this afternoon . Excitement ! 
found himself as a Tour Guide in one of the new spaceshots green screen backgrounds ! Epic Win 
Off to work this morning , then going to floor it back towards home for the softball game tonight ! Lets hope I'm not too worn out to be productive at the plate lol 
we win again !!! Undefeated streak continues :D 12-4 ! Our defense is AMAZING ! I'm now leadoff batter which is badass 
GO MARINERS ! spank the Yanks 
7-4 , 7-0 today , TAKE THAT YANKEES !!!!!!! :D 
is headed out to the Woodland Park Zoo 
looks way too happy riding that elephant in this picture lol but I love how it turned out :P 
whew , overtime and over 8K people at the needle today , Iza POOPED . 
Happy 4th of July ! 
isn't feeling too well now :( 
has downgraded to feeling terrible as of yesterday afternoon . Filling in for the Uniform Room and then switching back and forth to being needed in Elevators during the day really got me confused in my cold med drugged state :P yay for doing it again today ! haha man I feel awful lol 
best part of this bizarre work day ? A woman wondering if you get on the monorail from the observation deck . . . 
doesn't feel like he's going to die anymore , so yay for starting to feel better . but then I watched the Mariners bullpen tonight and then I felt ill again :p seriously WTF guys 
is pumped to go to the Mariners/Yankees game after work tonight ! Probably the last time we'll see < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in an M's uniform too . 
is wondering what to do on his day off . probably do some serious cleaning :P 
is in hardcore planning mode for his < PROPFEMALE > WARS Celebration V/Disney World trip next month ! 
Happy Admiral Ackbar Day everyone ! Which I find funny since I was coined Admiral Ackbar the other day at work :p ...... \wait no don't go into that elevator ... ITS A TRAP !!!!! \"" 
whew , made it to my softball game right as it started from work , but after an undefeated streak all season , it sadly came to an end today , after an EPIC game and I do mean epic , our team finally lost lol . I batted 2 for 3 though so I'm pleased with that lol 
Inception = incredible ! Great story effects and music . As groundbreaking as the first matrix . Loved it 
would much rather be at San < PROPMALE > Comic Con right now :( 12 hour shift today leaves me pooped ! 
would give almost anything to be at Comic Con in San < PROPMALE > right now ! :( ! 
insanely fun and satisfying game and WIN tonight ! we take a huge lead early on , lose it , build back up and win 19-12 ! I think it was that inspirational speech in the 6th . that or someone handed out rally fries . 
also found out at tonights softball game of a collectible store that deals exclusively in < PROPFEMALE > Wars memorabilia out in Aberdeen , WA . the planning stages for a pilgrimage/raid have begun ! 
had a fun evening seeing Inception on IMAX with Kailan Tyler-Babkirk and then finally doing our Superman/Lois < PROPFIRST > pictures at work haha . That movie is even better the second time around ! 
Look ! Up in the Sky !! 
heading to South Center to < PROPFEMALE > out wit da boyz , then off to the Needle for a busy work day ! 
gonna be an epic softball game tonight , playing the team we played in week 1 and tied ... and they are undefeated . THAT ENDS TONIGHT ! 
Is on the way to the hospital ... got a great hit in our softball game but hit 2nd the wrong way and my right ankle snapped . PAIN 
and the ankle is broken . they got me on crutches ... fractured the edge of my fibula but thankfully it didn't get out of alignment , but this seriously blows . and oh God it hurts soooo much . Feeling pretty low right now . Thanks to everyone for helping me off the field and carrying me to the car , means a lot . and hey , at least I got that good hit ;) 
hoping to make my comeback to work at some point during the weekend if not tomorrow . ankle still killing me :( Special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for keeping me company yesterday and thank you to everyone who signed that card for me , that means a lot :) . Uploaded pics from the softball game including the hit I got right before I broke my ankle , just haven't tagged them all yet . 
Finally got ahold of the orthopedic doctor . Soonest they can get me in is 1pm on Monday . And I have to stay off it till they see it . So much for my triumphant comeback this weekend :( took off the splint briefly and oh my it looks terrible :( 
Having this broken ankle is giving me one bad case of cabin fever ! Grrr this is really lame . I'm going mad ! 
Misses everybody ... 
has to undergo surgery on the ankle now . :( Apparently the bone segment I broke has shifted so its now out of alignment . They have to open up my foot , reset the bone segment , and put 2 pins in it , then drill 2 other holes in my bone and tie it all together with metal wire . W T F :( Surgery is Wednesday at 10 am * sigh * 
it was good to get out and go to my softball game tonight . didn't play obviously but just getting out there and socializing and joking with my teammates gave me a nice morale boost . and EPIC WIN by the way . way to go < PROPMALE > for getting the walk off hit using my bat ! pics uploaded soon . now to prepare for surgery on wednesday . . . 
In the hospital waiting to be carted into surgery . Oy what a day . Will let u all know how it goes . 
is recovering . Surgery went well . they got it back where its supposed to be and got it pinned into the main part of my fibula and wired all together . They had to keep me in recovery longer than normal because it was taking a good chunk of time to get my pain under control . but the guy taking care of me is a big Mariners fan so I was groggily having a good talk with him . Your support means more than u know :) Thanks .. 
Today is proving to be a hard day pain wise ... the big 4 inch incision is really stinging today . Also really bummed I'm missing celebration 5 . Missing out on seeing some of you I haven't seen in 5 years :( missing out on a lot of things lately it seems ... 
The heat is making me sweat which causes my surgical incision to STING LIKE HELL !!! :( I need a hug 
Not doing well today . Nauseus all day and they redressed my ankle at the hospital so it's really sore . Sadly can't make it to watch my softball team tonight :( good luck team 12 ! 
One nice thing since being confined to my bed is that I have had a shiny new iPad to do my computing on and it's pretty nifty . Missing a few features sure but still pretty cool ! In other news I'm really tired of being in bed everyday ! The scenery is getting old lol And I'm bummed I'm missing the space needle BBQ , I always have fun there . 
Sure felt those sonic booms ! Felt like something smashed into my wall while I was gaming lol 
One week til I hopefully get my stitches out and my leg put into a cast , then I can plan for my return to the world , and escape this MEDICAL EXILE THATS DRIVEN ME MAD ! 
Actually made it out to the mall today rocking the wheelchair . Was nice to be outside lol 
' s softball team WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP !! Alright Team 12 ! What a season lol cant wait for the next one ! 
It hurrrrts .... 
Was able to stand up on BOTH legs for the first time in 3 weeks today . Briefly of course and I had my < PROPMALE > that I hop with next to me but hey ! Stood up and crossed my arms , Progress right ? Now I'm laying low so I can make my triumphant appearance at the big BBQ tomorrow 
Had a great time seeing everybody at the BBQ tonight ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > a d < PROPMALE > ! Also the vote seems to be for me to keep my fuller beard . Beard 2.0 if u will . Very well ! I shall heed tonights poll ;) 
Got the stitches out yesterday and they x-rayed my foot and said it's progressing . I'm in a cast now , pics below . I can't walk with just a cane though yet . Takes two . That combined with a knee cart said I can RETURN to work with modified duties after a few more days of getting used to the cast . So hopefully look for me later this week or next week back at the needle . Also I want people to SIGN MY CAST :p 
Did something he hasn't done in 4 weeks ... I TOOK A STEP and can start to slowly hobble with just one cane with my cast . BOOYAH 
there's a snake in my boot ! 
Tomorrow will be a month since I broke my ankle ! Good grief can't believe I've missed this much of summer and a handful of events I was to be apart of and people to see . I don't mean to sound all poopy but this long process really has me down and pissed off today . Awaiting word from work to discuss my return anytime now . still 2 more weeks to go before the cast comes of , but I can walk short distances with it on now 
Is embarrassed as to how much fun he's having recreating the Battle of Hoth with his new AT AT in his < PROPFEMALE > wars room . . . While playing the soundtrack on his computer :p 
Got a $ 10,000 offer for < PROPFEMALE > . Hell no son !!! My baby aint for sale 
\BJ have i ever told you about the dream i had about < PROPMALE > the frog ?... and how he killed me ? \ " -- < PROPMALE > Singleton " 
1 Week til the cast comes off . . . . 
Keep it up SEAHAWKS ! 
31-6 HEYOOOOO !!!!!!! Nicely done < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and company !!! 
Got a group of the guys together and fixing to head up to the EMP for microsoft and bungies halo reach launch party ! 
Woo in line with my group ! Right at the revolution cafe entrance . If any of my lovely coworkers see this and are able to deliver a couple bottles of water or something we'd greatly appreciate it ! 2 1/2 hours to go woo ! 
We are in !! Watching a bungie panel ! This is so awesome ! 
Incredible party with bungie at the EMP . Now at the best buy party waiting for the game ! We have inflatable energy swords ! Haha 
What a crazy night . Bungies party was insane . And after traveling back to best buy near home I have Halo Reach legendary edition ! Let the lack of sleep and gaming begin !! 
Greatly enjoyed the marathon of the Reach campaign with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > last night ! What an epic ending ! Side note : LESS THAN 24 HOURS . Til ankle/cast separation ! 
Is FREE ! Cast is off and I'm in a walking boot and im clear to start walking and standing again ! Go back in 3 more weeks for a checkup . Now hopefully the Needle will want me back . 
Seattle started crying when I left downtown today , oh Seattle , I missed you too . Got to play \tour guide today ! \ " for some folks I know from out of town . Also got some word as to when I can return to work finally ! starting Monday ... and then steadily again the week after that . Nice to finally be coming back . . . " 
Nice to be at southcenter mall and not in a wheelchair ! Ive missed walking . . . 
At last ... the Medical Exile has ended ... I look forward to going back to work Tomorrow morning ! 
what a weird day to come back to haha . drove right by that peanut plant fire too on my way home . Hope to get things back on track now with some normalcy now that I'm back in the game . . . 
Had a great time gaming it up at Jamen's bachelor party tonight ! 
can't wait for Smallville and Supernatural season premieres tonight ! 
How awesome was the intro to the Office season premiere ?! LOL , and great night for smallville and supernatural as well , and Big Bang Theory oh my goodness ! YAY for fall TV 
back to work 
WOO ! 101 yd Seahawks Record kickoff return for a TD !!! what a way to start the second half !! 
had fun tonight in his first full day back at the Needle . ahh I've missed it 
Why yes , I did hurt my ankle falling off the space needle :p 
woohoo ! Deadrising 2 time ! BRING IT ZOMBIES ! I'd be down for playing online co op with anybody else who may have bought it as well B-) 
I miss you . . . 
I most likely will have an extra ticket for the Mariners game tomorrow . I'm going with a friend and another friend probably can't make it so I'm accepting applications to join me in the Terrace Club for tomorrow night's game :) 
Apparently early 20 something British girls find me sexy , I took a young couple in a quiet secret surprise trip to the restaurant ( she was blindfolded ) where he proposed , and while driving < PROPFEMALE > I got to take part in helping a police < PROPMALE > come to a safe resolution on I-5 on my way home . what an interesting night ... 
oh Mariners ... thanks for not disappointing me ! I came expecting to see the 100th loss , and I SAW ... the 100th loss . 
Oh it had to be one of those nights . Its times like these i lose just a bit more faith in humanity :p 
is thankful that the night got better before it ended 
loves his new Nike Air authentic Griffey Remix shoes in original Mariners colors he got in the mail today ! WOO BABY they are sexy :D 
has lost 46 lbs in the past year and 4 months , and keeps running into the problem of clothes being too big now lol . not a bad problem to have though right ?! though it does prove expensive . I've had to buy 2 new belts and 3 pant sizes smaller in the past 9 months alone . YAY 
has to go to the hospital tomorrow morning to get my ankle re-examined . This is a scheduled thing so its not like something new is wrong or anything . Hopefully the X-rays will show progress in its healing ! * fingers crossed for a good report * 
visit went well . X-rays show good progress . still doesn't want me to lift a whole lot and in a couple weeks we will start waning me off the walking boot . but he's bumped up the second surgery til most likely around November 17th . Good news with that is it will only keep me out for just under a week which is a relief ! I was afraid of being out for weeks again , thankfully that won't happen B-) 
had a lot of weird space needle dreams last night . . . 
got to see what was left of the unicorn ice sculpture get thrown off the loading dock into a billion pieces as I left last night haha . almost as epic as the sculpture itself was ;) 
Had mariners pitcher < PROPFIRST > vargas on his elevator tonight ! 
so watching the video on the news tonight of < PROPFIRST > Favre getting hit in the groin with a football made me laugh so hard I forgot how upset I was this evening :P 
was reminded why I bid for Friday mornings today ! what a fun day it was :) 
the cold is really aggravating the metal in my ankle so far today :( 
apparently lost a close friend during my medical exile and didn't even get the decency of being told by said person . This makes me sad . I thought adults communicated . . . 
Good job Seahawks ! 
whacked his ankle on a pole at work today :P * don't ask * and then twisted it a bit in the changing room ! GAH ! damnit 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > for the awesome idea and quote for my current profile picture ;) :p 
< PROPFEMALE > got a crack in her windshield somehow the other day :O Off to Puyallup to get it fixed at 3 
Thanks for nothing safelite autoglass \if a crack is under the size of a dollar < PROPMALE > we can fix it\ " guess not . Afraid cuz its old ! " 
Going to see Paranormal Activity 2 at midnight on IMAX ! Should be scary :O 
oh ... my ... goodness .... LOL near sellout crowd for IMAX ... that was freakin intense LOL . loved it . now I must sleep for I must get up in 6 hours to go to work ! 
first full paycheck since being on medical exile ... ahhh that feels good lol 
Talk about a rainy stay indoors kind of day ! 
Pleaseput this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed onAlderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for one hour ? 
So much comes out today ! Time to print out reward certificates and make a Best Buy raid !!!! 
25$ BB rewards , as well as casino winnings = BTTF trilogy Blu < PROPFIRST > , Clone Wars season 2 Blu < PROPFIRST > , Fable 3 collectors edition , the force unleashed 2 , and a new norton for my computer , all without even touching my debit card . EPIC WIN !!!! 
Space Needle council meeting , hanging out downtown then going to the Haunted House in SODO with < PROPMALE > Persson and < PROPMALE > Singleton tonight , should be sweet ! 
had a fantastic time tonight :D 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Beerman ! The closest thing I have to a younger brother , enjoy this most PWNFUL day ! 
Happy Halo-ween ! ;) 
And now I'm definitely sick :( well that's just great 
Starting to feel better ! 
lost his last grandfather this morning ... and now off to get my ankle reevaluated and probably set that second surgery date , oy 
ankle is healed enough that they are ready for the second surgery to take out the metal pins and wire . Gonna be on Nov . 17th . Yay surgery again !! 
is super excited for tomorrow afternoon ! 
had a really nice time on his date yesterday afternoon ! :) 
time to rock Call of Duty Black Ops 
this cold has my ankle feeling like its been frozen in carbonite ! Feels weird to look forward to surgery but I'm really anxious to get all that metal out ! One week to go 
RIP < PROPMALE > Niehaus ... :( Mariners games will never be the same again , I'm honored to have had the < PROPMALE > to meet you . Now I'm very sad 
Feels like taking the bat in my pic to a few different things right now 
Good to see so many fellow Mariner fans down at safeco today in honor of < PROPMALE > Niehaus .. 
so I guess \Hey that was great ! We should totally do this again !! \ " doesn't mean what it used to . :( " 
What a great day to be cut open !! Off to the hospital for ankle surgery round 2 ! Cya all on the flipside ... 
Ouch !! I'm home . Metal removed and I kept it haha . I kept making the nurses laugh in the O.R. Before they put me under haha . It went well just really hurts and I will be back to work on thanksgiving . Can't wait to see you all again :) 
is planning on moving as little as possible today cuz OUCH !! IT HURTS BAD TODAY ! Thank goodness for painkillers and Xbox to see me through it lol 
Is forcing that moustache to grow with all his might ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Griffey Jr ! <3 
wishes he was able to put < PROPFEMALE>'s car cover on lol 
' s Tauntaun froze before it reached the south marker .... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Medical Exile #2 is over and its back to work today for me lol 
got himself a new computer ! and I look forward to setting it up over the next couple days 
damn you Mercer exit ... damn you ... 
scored FRONT ROW Seahawks tickets 20 yd line for next week ! YEAH BABY !!! 
adjusting things in the < PROPFEMALE > Wars room for this new desktop is proving difficult :p . so much stuff to move ! But I am IN THE ZONE ... and will not be stopped until setup is complete !.... or when I have to go to work ;) 
got the stitches out of his ankle , and the new X-rays look good and I have been released ! Now to finally move on from all this B-) 
officially found himself on Youtube in the Space Needle elevator , now I feel ... I have truly made it . 
is about to ROCK Qwest Field !!! VOLUME 12 BABY !!!! 
had a great day !! Hawks WIN ! * pics to follow * Enjoyed going to the game with < PROPMALE > Singleton , where I ran into Mr. < PROPMALE > Beck which was awesome . After the game , cruised by Pike Place Market , then sat down for some delicious Zeeks Pizza with < PROPMALE > Persson and rocked Gameworks ! Epic Win 
Picked up Inception and vanishing point on blu < PROPFIRST > 
is excited about the photography opportunities he will get from this Seattle Center 200 ' ferris wheel idea 
and thats when I realized I still had my window open :P 
Teaching Vu how to play halo and explaining the < PROPMALE > of the teabag . Dear God what am i about to unleash to the internet ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars where Science Meets Imagination exhibition coming to the Science Center in March ?! Oh HELL YEAH :D ! 
when I was a young kid , we didn't have a chimney , so I always made sure the clothes dryer door was open , cuz obviously thats where < PROPFEMALE > would come through instead . 
is finished with the Christmas Wrap ! Now time to go do the Christmas Elevator lol 
I hope everyone has a great Christmas today ! :) 
Fixing to get the family and drive < PROPFEMALE > down to see Zoolights down at Point Defiance Zoo :) Then come back for a ham dinner ! 
no , me joking saying you'd really have to press my buttons to make me upset , does not give you the right to drunkenly laugh and start poking me repeatedly in the chest ! Gah ! glad tonight's shift is over 
had a busy fun day with old friends and new , spreading from Bellevue to Seattle , Northgate to Renton ! 
snow !!!! 
Lost control of < PROPFEMALE > 4 times slowly driving thru icy federal way coming home . Sheesh ! Thankfully she is fine 
Is freezing his beard off this morning ! 
that .... was a lot of people today . Funnest highlight ? getting hi 5'd by all 24 people in my elevator 
2010 had more ups and downs for me than a day on the Needle's elevator ! Alright 2011 , lets do this thang . 
so < PROPMALE > Martinez < PROPFIRST > 4% LESS votes for the HOF this year than last year , whats wrong with you people ?! not that 32% is bad but come on ! 
\DESTINY IS NOW \"" 
come ONNN SEAHAWKS !! Truth be told I have a bad feeling about this game , but it would be nice if fortune smiles and we win ! haha 
GO HAWKS KEEP FIGHTING !!!! Now i have to go to work :( LETS WIN THIS THANG ! 
HELL YEAH GO SEAHAWKS !!! i am so surprised and happy ! 
so apparently Xbox Live has now randomly deemed my name \BJ\ " as my Halo Reach service tag to be unacceptable . :P SCREW YOU ! lol " 
Feels like im in a snowglobe when im going down on my elevator tonight ! Pretty ! 
moved from being a Gemini , to being a Taurus . Well thats a load of bull :P * ba dum kssh ! * 
what a fun filled day all over Seattle ! 
8 punts and counting . . . :\\ 
aaaand its over . 
hey ! a touchdown ! 
............. 
70mph winds and one elevator on half speed for everything = FUN TIMES ! 
Prank called the iphone on display at the apple store pretending to be < PROPFIRST > bauer . Hilarity ensued ! Lmao 
just dropped off < PROPFEMALE > at the Mustang Shop to finally get a new radiator and accessories installed ! This should hopefully end the overheating/leakiness problems I've had ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > Bradley , \ 
You Suck and are an idiot . \ 
Love , <3 BJ 
Bad lower back pain is most UNpleasant :( 
T-24 hours til I'm in < PROPFEMALE > Arizona ! can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > Beerman and ROCK the Ozzy concert together woo !! Now its time to PACK ! 
Im on a plane ! Got about 2 hrs sleep last night but i am ready ! Cya later Seattle ! 
Flying over Mt . St. Helens shortly after sunrise was awesome ! Now stuck for an extra hour in Salt Lake City due to something being fixed on the plane . Hope the wing didn't fall off ! 
Had a wonderful dinner outside in PERFECT weather , now chilling in the Beerman's dorm while he is at a lab . 2 hours til the concert !! It's so great to see my best < PROPMALE > ! :D 
Slash is opening for Ozzy .. EFFING SLASH !!! And hes on guitar for ozzy tonight ! HELL YEAHHHH !!!!!!!! 
What a great show ! Slash kicked ass , and Ozzy rocked the house ! Got a lil wet from the large firehose he was spraying everybody with ! Great set list , Crazy train as an encore was BADASS . and the really attractive drunk woman who kept dancing with me was most amusing as well ! haha 
Having an epic Halo Reach < PROPFEMALE > party ! < PROPFIRST > and I are teaming up against ALL challengers .... and winning every time . PWNAGE 
Volunteered with a group < PROPFIRST > runs called Camp Sparky this morning , went to an elementary school and did activities with 5th graders teaching them about science and things of that sort . Feels good to help educate < PROPFEMALE>'s Youth ;) Just watched Kick Ass and going out to dinner before I have to get back to the airport :( 
Said my goodbye :( what a great time these past 3 days have been ! waiting to board the plane home . Got a 1st class upgrade ! W00t ! 
Hello , Seattle ! I'm back :) 
In the very long line at safeco to get into fan fest ! 
Met and got < PROPMALE > Hernandez < PROPMALE > Boone and < PROPFIRST > Buhners autographs ! Done pretty well today ! 
ahh what a great time ! Meeting < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was awesome !! Even got to do the \fan vs < PROPMALE > challenge\ " in a batting cage . see if you can hit his fastball . I batted 1 for 4 haha . at least I hit it once :P and it was good to test the ankle as well ! felt good ! " 
Think its safe to say i am the Space Needle Air Hockey champion ! haha What a fun night ! Good seeing everybody ! :) 
is unsure so far about the casting choice for Superman ... 
has an appt . at 9am tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE > to find out why for some reason since I've been back from my trip , that she runs REALLY rough ! Its weird . 
haha its nice when all I have to do is pull up in The Mustang Shop's parking lot and walk in and I hear them getting somebody to \Go look at BJ's car !! \ " B-) waiting to find out what the problem is . " 
looks like < PROPFEMALE > is going to have a Mustang sleep over lol 
called TMS , appears to be a vacuum pressure leak somewhere , they just can't figure out where its coming from yet haha . They got < PROPFEMALE > hooked up to their big tuning and computer system and assured me that they have a guy who's only job for the day is working on < PROPFEMALE > til she's fixed haha . so will probably be another few hours . OY ! 
Blarrrg .. why is this getting so complicated ! 
Had my 1st grade teacher on the elevator today ! He recognized me right away haha . was awesome catching up ! 
FINALLY has his baby < PROPFEMALE > back <3 yay transportation ! 
\so did they create lake union for sleepless in seattle ? \"" 
going out to give < PROPFEMALE > a baaaaath , and then a cruise . . . 
So the nice mostly clear sunset i washed < PROPFEMALE > in gave way to dumping rain right as i started to drive ruining all my work . FML 
nerve damage in my toes hurting a lot more than usual today . noooooo 
R . I . P Guitar Hero . . . 
wrote the final medical < PROPMALE > checks for all my ankle work ! Now I can financially put that behind me ... now I'm watching the end of season 1 of Battlestar Galactica haha 
< PROPFIRST > Rosenbaum back as Lex Luthor for the Smallville series finale is THE best news I've heard all day and makes me a VERY happy geek ! 
this is way too early to be driving to the space needle * YAWN * lol 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > Viig at the Needle today made the 7+ hours on blue , enjoyable :) Great seeing you today :D 
Contrary to all my hopes and renewed efforts , I still seem to suffer from Singles . Awareness . Disorder lol . Oh well , looks like < PROPFEMALE > will be my < PROPFIRST > again this year ;) 
WOW it sure was < PROPFEMALE > for a spell tonight at the Needle !! 87 mph was FUUNNN !!!! 
enjoyed giving voluminous applause to < PROPFEMALE > Faber aka the < PROPFEMALE > alicious Fabernator tonight !! 
its a randomly quote back to the future kind of day today ... 
yearns for change . . . 
Started playing DC Universe online via PS3 . It's time to accept my < PROPFEMALE > and become the hero I was born to be ! 
1 day off in the next 9 days ? wow wasn't expecting that ! BRING IT ! 
what a frakking terrible situational work day today was ! lol and to make matters worse , I'm only now eating my first meal of the day :p Beautiful weather though 
had a great day with < PROPMALE > Persson and < PROPMALE > Singleton ! southcenter , bowling , comic book store and back at my place . good day ! still can't believe I got those 4 strikes in a row in bowling ! haha 
well dang , an unexpected day off lol 
2\ of snow and counting ! A lot more is coming down right now too " 
Def Leppard is finally announcing 2011 US tour dates !! Now I eagerly await an announcement of a show closer than Portland lol 
Its o deck views and sunsets like these that remind me how thankful i am to be where i am .. 
So apparently Seattle is the nation's most miserable sports city ! 
YES !! Def Leppard in Seattle on September 15th ... here we go ! 
Just had an epic bathroom brawl with my cat for a much needed bath . I am wet and scratched ... but at least , niagara is clean ! 
gonna be a loooooong work day tonight lol please make time speed up to 12:30 am ! 
So thankful this night is over . 9 straight hours on the elevator with that drunk and loud group ... i need sleep lol 
is in a Relationship with the Blue Elevator : and its Complicated . 
hard to believe it was just about a year ago I was in Peoria for Mariners Spring Training ! Kinda got the itch to go back now lol 
That's what She said . 
has successfully done his 2010 taxes with an estimated return of over $500 ! yay ! 
Listening to the rain fall steadily outside ... nice and relaxing , makes me wish I had someone to share it with .. Ho hum lol 
just got his 4 < PROPFEMALE > VIP ticket for Def Leppard for September 15th ! WOO !! 
Just found $20 under my couch ! 
Frak this commute ! >:( 
got paid the other day and JUST got my Tax Refund !! Now I'm looking at some AWESOME game used Griffey items hoping to add one of them to my collection ! and I don't care who makes fun of me for it !! 
Game Used Griffey batting helmet from 6/4/96 autographed with a picture of him wearing that exact helmet ... IS MINE !!!!!!! :D 
In lower < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > visiting possible apartment candidates ! 
finally got Mariners Opening Day Tix !! Thank u StubHub lol . Section 116 , row 3 ! Not too shabby ! 
Alright Space Needle , lets PWN this Saturday ! 
is SO glad this hell of a day is over 
The Griffey game used batting helmet arrived in the mail today !!! :D Will post a pic later ! 
Is currently in a galaxy far far away ... star wars exhibition is freaking AWESOME !!!! 
aaand now my alternator is shot . thankfully got a jump so I could get home . Need to get and put a new one on . gonna make this weekend quite interesting ! Oy .. 
( going down on Yellow)\ 
Guest * pointing to the Science Center IMAX dome * : Hey ! So is that the Tacoma Dome ??? \ 
Me : ... no ... \ 
( later)\ 
another guest : Ahh yeah theres Key Arena ! Thats where the Sounders play !! \ 
. . . 
Sometimes I really begin to wonder why I still even bother anymore 
Animaniacs and pinky and the brain down from 40$ to 14.99 ! Woo !! 
stabbed himself in the thumb with scissors ! Accidentally of course , but it took awhile to get the bleeding to stop :P also of note , < PROPFEMALE > is at TMS getting worked on 
Got < PROPFEMALE > back . got some other minor little things done on her too while they had her :) 
really getting screwed schedule wise next week . >:( Gotta try and sort this mess out to please all my obligations ! GAH 
< PROPFEMALE > Faber is pretty much my favorite person on the planet right now . Single handedly solving my Needle schedule woes so I can work on that film shoot next week :D 
Mariners are UNDEFEATED !!! ( wants to say that for as long as it will last :P ) 
Congrats to Ichiro for passing < PROPMALE > Martinez ' career franchise hits # ! 2248 ! ( Mariners still UNDEFEATED btw ) ;) 2 games in a row ! a bona fide WINNING STREAK ! :P 
getting heavily medicated to fight off being sick . Too much Needle time and Movie shoot time to be sick . can't be sick this week , CAN'T!!!!!! :O 
got 2 versions of the Ghost Chronicles 2 teaser poster uploaded ! Filming begins tomorrow ! 
Pre Production is complete ! Now at last ! Time to film a movie ! Feels good to be acting/filmmaking again ! 
First day of shooting complete ! Got some hilarious footage ! On the way back it dumped snow/hail ! Saw a car fall into a ditch and crash into a pole then another car fell and slammed into it ! Can't wait to film tomorrow ! 
Still feels really sick and crappy but the show must go on ! 
catastrophic technical difficulties pretty much ruined the entire shoot day leaving us nowhere further along ! Highly frustrating , but regrouping fixing the problems and will be a big full afternoon tomorrow to finish this thang ! 
< PROPFEMALE > got her movie closeup ! 
And thats a wrap on the movie ! 
thats ... not how you win a ballgame :P . Safeco looks amazing with all the tech upgrades though ! and My oh my what a great < PROPMALE > Niehaus tribute :) 
why am I still not feeling better yet ?? 
has seen the finished Ghost Chronicles 2 ! and it is AMAZING . To the limited few on here who had a < PROPMALE > to see the first one , this one is 50 times even better ! I can't wait to share it ! Definitely worth feeling horribly sick for the whole shoot haha 
thinks that instead of \Ready to Play ! \ " the Mariners slogan for this year should be : \ " Mariners Baseball : Some Assembly Required ! \ " ;D " 
That was one of the craziest wacky Mariner comebacks EVER ! Coming back from 7-0 to win 8-7 ! < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez you BEAST !!! WOW ! 
Pissed off Seattle isnt getting a space shuttle after all >:( 
nearly had a heart attack when walking out of Southcenter mall . saw police and a wrecked car right where I had parked ... I run over , find out a car got hit so hard it mounted the curb/sidewalk through the bushes and SMASHED into all 3 cars parked where I was ... EXCEPT < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Deciding to shave my excuse for a mustache and start over ! 
This bitch isnt insured ! Gonna be about 1000 dollars of damage . Fuck me ! On way to movie premiere too 
she kept backpedaling and whatnot so we called the police . Police sided with me . she got ticketed for being uninsured and for the accident since it was obviously her fault . Police said she'll be financially responsible . so setting up an appt with the mustang shop to get estimates . she's still driveable at least . 
pics posted of < PROPFEMALE>'s damage . gonna need a new bumper and the entire passenger quarter panel section is bent out of alignment with the rest of the car in addition to a huge scrape . Glad police sided with me and she has to pay for it . Got appt for next wednesday at TMS . Its bad but what I avoided yesterday would have been a lot worse so I'm thankful for that at least 
ah , that would be the whiplash from the crash setting in . would explain why my left shoulder and neck are sore now . Yay me 
Now it seems my e-mails been hacked . if you get any e-mails from me with no subject line , its NOT from me . good grief why can't I get a break 
time to go get those < PROPFEMALE > estimates . . . 
$ 2,542 . 21 . . . . for < PROPFEMALE>'s damage caused by that woman . On a cool note , I got to go into the project/work part of the Mustang shop , got to see all their other classic stang projects going on , talk about DROOL ! 
Happy 49th Birthday , Space Needle ! <3 
For anyone watching the mariners game on TV , they just did a closeup of me on a tv camera ! Haha go me ! 
3 years ago today at a < PROPFEMALE > used car dealership , i laid eyes on a bright blue classic Mustang ! Still remember the test drive , when I lightly pressed the gas and the car LUNGED forward screaming with power , i said \Whoa . \ " <--- just like Neo ;) Within an hour she was MINE ! Happy Birthday/Anniversary ? < PROPFEMALE > !! :D Now time to get you fixed up :] " 
upgrading himself and getting a new cell plan and an iPhone 4 ! woo ! 
Hoppy Easter ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , whatever happened to the 200 ' Seattle Center Ferris Wheel plan ? 
Well Verizon deactivated my current cell phone , but before delivering my iPhone :P It was supposed to come in the mail today but it didn't , but should be here tomorrow . so if anybody tries to get a hold of me as a couple of you already have , it will fail :P 
my iPhone has arrived !!! and my phone number is successfully ported , so nobody needs to update their # for me ;) Now time to sync and enjoy FINALLY having a smartphone woo !! 
\tater tots do not get the respect they deserve ! \"-- Ron Sevart best line so far today ! :) " 
applying for an apartment tomorrow !! 
Watching < PROPMALE > carell's office farewell is so sad ! well done though . Farewell < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Applied for the apartment now it's wait and hold my breath time lol 
Keep up the winning streak , Mariners . . . 
Come to me Son of Jor-El .... KNEEL before ZOD !! 
Osama bin laden killed ! Wow ! Wonder who/how it happened ! 
I wanna see the body ... 
So I just got the words with friends app and I want more people to play with ! I got a couple games going now , but if you'd like to play with me let me know :D 
JUST GOT APPROVED FOR MY APARTMENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got the deposit paid after work today , and apparently my move day is May 14th , so 2 days sooner than I thought ! YAY ! Can't wait to start moving all my stuff and take pictures lol 
May the Fourth be with YOU !!! 
laying out the blueprints and planning the order I'm going to move all my stuff lol . futon/couch from bedroom , and lifesize < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > statue and < PROPFEMALE > wars foosball table will be the first things from each room , as that will make much more floorspace to pack everything else that is smaller . I'M SMART 
Thor was pretty dang cool . I enjoyed it a lot more than I was expecting . Great balance of comedy , action and mythology ! 
EPIC WALKOFF WIN FTW !!!! what a great game and great night at The Safe ! 
T-1 week til moving day ... or at least the start of the moving process ! 
and 1 week til \spring training\ " for softball season !! Man I'm so anxious to get my bat and swing away again ... though I'm going to be really nervous rounding the bases :P and getting the contract worked out for Ghost Chronicles 3 ! Will be shot in mid July . Man life is going to get even busier very soon ! Making up for missing so much of last summer . I REFUSE TO BREAK ANOTHER ANKLE ! ;) " 
Happy Mother's Day < PROPFEMALE > A Liestman ! 
So long < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Don't let the door hit you on the way out ... oh wait it can't cuz you punched a hole in it already with a temper tantrum :P 
Blarg , sleep eludes me this night . Too much moving mental planning in my noodle . Which sucks cuz I have to get up quite early to ensure I get to work on time . Can't wait for an 1hr 15 < PROPFEMALE > morning drive to turn into a 10 < PROPFEMALE > walk ! 
Fuck this traffic BULLSHIT !!!! 1hr 10 mins on the road already . Easily going to be 10-20 mins late for work . Hell of a way to start my last official commuting day >:( 
Alright , finally extended weekend time for me ! And you know what that means ... time to < PROPFEMALE > t packing and then get APARTMENT on Saturday ! * looks around < PROPFEMALE > wars room * oh where to begin ... haha 
Would be nice to have some cyber/phone etc company while I bust and sweat my ass off packing my < PROPFEMALE > wars room ! haha . Don't feel obligated but it would be nice for someone to talk to while I work ;) 
holy crap am I sore from packing .. can't stop now though :O ... also got more furniture/lighting shopping to do ... all before tonight when its time to celebrate the Smallville Series Finale !! what an epic day :O 
Smallville Series finale time WOOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
OMG AMAZING !! screaming and cheering in the last 10 mins ! SUPERMAN arrived ! Magnificent ending for Smallville !!!!! 
Moving Day . . . 
Apartment is mine !!!! So clean and fresh smelling !! Love seeing the noodle from my window ! First 3 vehicle load of stuff transfer complete ! First of oh so many lol 
First night in my new home and I'm beyond exhausted ! Bed is great ! Dawning of a new < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't wait to have people over when it's more set up ! 
Well here I am 2nd night in first evening by myself ! Have a lot of mixed feelings but I'm proud I finally got to this moment ! It was a long time coming ! Initial pix I'm posting next . In mobile uploads ... 
Holy hell I'm walking to work ! this is what I've been waiting for ... this is AWESOME !! 
Can't wait to pick up LA Noire after work ! 
another afternoon spent back in Federal Way packing more of my < PROPFEMALE > wars collection haha . This is gonna take awhile . . . 
So the owner of a red ' 68 mustang parked in my apt garage introduced themselves to me as I got home and out of < PROPFEMALE > . It's an attractive chick who turns out lives right across from me ! Oh Hell yeah LOL 
Got my cable etc hooked up today ! Just in time to watch the big bang theory and the office season finales ! 
I have a horrible headache and backache and today sucks . Yuck ! 
Just realized I haven't had to fill up < PROPFEMALE > in 10 days now ! Ho-ly crap . Thats already almost 200 dollars I've saved by living close to the Needle ... not even counting parking ! ( Also the computer desk chair my mom < PROPFEMALE > A Liestman bought me is A-MAZ-ING ! ) 
Between long work days and almost all my free time spent building furniture or packing/unpacking/lugging heavy things ... I'm exhausted ! and theres so much more to go lol . I need a vacation when this is all over :P 
Got all my game consoles and such here now time to dig through all the cables and wire them all into their new homes ! 
Well I finally have finished packing my mariners collection here at my old apartment . That's another milestone down lol 
man I hurt :( all this lugging heavy stuff is making my ankle act up and my lower back feel like its on fire lol . sooo exhausted !!! BUT ... it will look amazing when its all done . . . 
and now its time to actually start putting stuff on the walls here at the bachelor pad . Muahahaha , this white walled canvas is about to get PWNED by my obscene amounts of collections ! 
so I come home and the Mariners game is still going on ?!? Saw Olivo faceplant into the dirt at 1st base cutting up his face ... bottom 12th now ... lets GO M's! get ABOVE . 500 !! 
Decided to browse eHarmony's free weekend , did me up a new profile and out of the \MILLIONS OF MEMBERS\ " they advertise ... I'm apparently compatible with .... none :P well ... FUCK YOU !! lol " 
T- 1 week til I'm finally back practicing with my softball team !! I've hated missing the first couple practices :( . Can't wait to get back there and do my \Griffey wiggle thang\ " which as I explained to Mr. < PROPFIRST > H today ... is \ " all in how you swing the hips\ " ;) " 
< PROPFEMALE > Tours 2 has finally opened in Disney parks !! and apparently there are 56 different < PROPFEMALE > wars galaxy variations of trips that you'll get from what I hear !...... I want to go to Disney World and ride it back to back until I get to see each and every variation . . . . 
Epic good times with < PROPMALE > Persson , Game of Thrones marathon , followed by picture taking of awesome sunset , and many epic battles in Soul Calibur IV . Twas a good night 
Off early for the weekend hooray !! Now time to eat and work more on unpacking lol 
Mariners collection is progressing quite nicely today here in the new apartment 
Making really good progress decorating the bedroom , went and got < PROPFEMALE > all cleaned , 90% sure I saw < PROPMALE > walking down the sidewalk lol , and got all my grocery shopping done ! And its really nice out ... I'd call it a good day B-) 
4 home runs and counting tonight ! 8-0 in the 4th ! GO MARINERS !!! 
Just got challenged and had an epic car race against a tricked out ugly lexus . Ahh Federal Way u are crazy lol 
Totally killing it today ! Lots of the best guests I've had in awhile on my elevator . Abundant laughing and hi 5s abound ! 
Girl on my elevator : I love your red hair !! It looks so soft ! Me : thanks ! Girl : can I touch It !! Me : uh okay lol Girl : OMG YOUR HAIR IS AS SOFT AS PILLOWS !!! Hell yeah B-) haha 
My first softball practice of the year in 3 hours !!!! Admittedly I'm a little paranoid seeing as this is the first time I'll have done anything since breaking my ankle lol Please keep your fingers crossed that nothing disastrous happens :P If I'm not at work at 4:30 ... consider me dead :P 
Well that was fun !! felt weird playing softball again but good at the same time . Still got the arm and the catching down for the most part . Its going to take awhile for my batting to get back to where it was though lol . After < PROPMALE > said pretending I'm hitting the Tampa Bay Rays , I finally started crunching a few balls out towards left field , 
Halo 4 announced holy crap ! Master Chief returns !! 
Was just hit well more bumped by a car in a parking lot as I was walking to work ! Car only going about 5mph but still ! Made an illegal u turn half on the sidewalk ! Why hit a pedestrian asshole ?! Bumped me ring on my Roth side . Not a good start to the day lol 
Lord of the Rings soundtrack performed by live orchestra at Key Arena in October ?? um , HELL YEAH ! who's going with me ?? 
hanging the over 2 dozen autographed < PROPFEMALE > wars photos/memorabilia in the bachelor pad today . SO MUCH HAMMERING 
So Super 8 was an AWESOME movie ! Cloverfield jaws and ET all in one . Go see it ! 
1 year ago today I transferred to become an EO ! 2 years ago today I was first hired as a tour guide . One big space needle anniversary for me haha 
Heartbreaking loss for the first game . So close until the end ! After having jitters and striking out first AB , came back to hit a 2 RBI single to left field to the cheers and claps of my teammates ! That felt GOOD . Ps thanks < PROPMALE > for the tips ;) 
great view of the full < PROPFEMALE > rising over the Needle tonight from my apartment ! Posted some not that good and slightly blurry sans tripod photos which look disappointing but you get the idea of how awesome it looked ! lol 
Mariners have finally called up < PROPMALE > Ackley ! His first game will be on Friday and Pineda will be on the mound ! Looks like a good setup for my Birthday game ! w00t ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes today everyone !! Really means a lot :) what a great Mariners game to be at too ! I'm quite hoarse lol 
Qwest Field becoming Century Link Field ? LAAAAAAAME 
Screw going to bed and having to work in the AM when I can play more Crysis 2 ! :D this game pwns ! 
Just had all the school kids I work with in issaquah come visit the Needle yelling IT'S ME BJ !!! and LOOK IT'S GHOSTSPACE !!! all the way up the ramp as they saw me haha . Best part if the day . 
my gaming last night was cut short as out of nowhere my body just declared war on me ! it got all locked up , my back feeling on fire , and I was chilling really badly and could hardly move . after a horrible night of trying to sleep , only now can I actually hobble around the apartment . not sure whats going on ! but I'm glad I don't work today . but I hope I feel better enough later to get stuff done around here 
finally starting to feel somewhat better . stupid body , thinks it can just give out on me whenever it damn well pleases ! 
Monday will be when they finally keep and fix < PROPFEMALE > all up from the sideswipe damage ! Should have her back by the end of that week ! Finally . Now time to box and bring up more < PROPFEMALE > wars stuff lol 
Burning up with a fever :( 
After the last 3 days I'm ready to exchange my body for a new one now please . I think it has some defective parts . This many different things shouldn't be going wrong at once !! So much for getting anything done around my apartment on my weekend . Oy 
Wishes < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would narrate my life 
its a dig out and play classic SNES and N64 games kinda day 
Dominating win by my Team 4 tonight ! My last at bat I finally got a hit , RBI and then came around to score ! My team Made it aware to me when I hit 2nd base and was still standing :P haha 
At the IMAX theater ready to see Transformers 3 ! And sitting in the front row too haha oh my .. 
Have 1 so far extra ticket to Friday night's Mariners game if anybody wants to go with me . < PROPMALE > Daniells should be the other person unless he has to cancel too ;) PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF INTERESTED :D 
Tix for friday are in section 120 row 18 , so pretty good seats ! and no , you don't have to pay me back for the ticket , come on some people should be interested in going with me right ?!?!?! lol 
One of those days ... doesn't even begin to describe it lol 
As if yesterday wasn't bad enough , today is taking the cake . Lack of preparedness and foresight continues to utterly boggle my mind . 
Have a safe happy 4th everyone ! Now go blow something up for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Great fireworks , good walk down to the park with my mom , and great running into < PROPMALE > down there as well ! good show , happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
Not sick again !!! Starting a bad head cold :( thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > !!! :P 
Nothing like spending another beautiful weekend sick in bed with a horrible cold . :( 
Just got the call from The Mustang Shop saying they finally got < PROPFEMALE > all fixed from the sideswiping ! Now just gotta figure out when I can get down to Auburn to pick her up lol 
Congrats Atlantis on a perfect final space shuttle launch ! Good Hunting up there . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > back ! Passenger side looks < PROPFEMALE > GOOD ! New paint new bumper lower valance and new windshield ! Damn she looks fine ! The pics don't do it justice ! :D 
Really wish my head didn't feel like it was going to explode from congestion . I've gotta get feeling better :( 
Thought I was strong enough to come back to work without my head exploding ... I was wrong :( ears so clogged and head hurting down my neck now . Oy 
Finally starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel with this blasted cold ! 
As I'm sitting out on the bench on my break , someone spat their gum off the odeck and it landed with a thud and bounce about 3 feet from me :p gross ! In other news , no the restaurant doesn't have a takeout window . 
It's a eat pizza and watch Twin Peaks kinda day today 
hates waking up this early ( 7:50 am ) on my weekend when I can afford to sleep in lol . oh well . Going to Bobblehead night at the SAFE tonight , yay ! 
At Safeco , got my bobblehead ! Now come on mariners , I'm here ! Win one for me tonight and break your skid 
Pathetic , absolutely pathetic :P 
So much pre production work for Ghost Chronicles 3 going on ! Hard to believe the final movie shoot begins on monday ! The special effects budget blows the first two out of the water though , gonna go out with a BANG ! going to be awesome ! 
This unseasonable cold is just killing the damaged nerves in my toes on my right foot today , ow . 
Time to get to Issaquah for an intense first day 8hr movie shoot ! Hard to believe we are finally completing the trilogy !! Then softball game tonight ! Today is locked and set . BEGIN ! 
Kaboom ! Great softball game tonight against a really good team . I finally broke out of my slump tonight ! Got a Hit < PROPFIRST > a walk , scored 2 runs ! Finally feel like I'm coming back :) 
was going to bed , then decided to stay up another hour and a half to watch NASA TV to see the final Shuttle Landing live ... cuz you know .. I do stuff like that lol 
Touchdown Atlantis !!!!! had an awesome pilot POV camera for the landing too . glad I stayed up to watch it :) 
why hello there < PROPMALE > West basement ! Its like being reunited with an old friend <3 grr 
Last day of filming for the Ghost Chronicles Trilogy ! Hard to believe ! What a crazy year and a half ride playing this character lol 
Shoot going great ! Our villain is amazing ! And you know it's good when kids come up to me enthusiastically saying \I've always wanted to be in a ghost chronicles movie !!! \ " :) " 
Enjoyed Captain < PROPFEMALE > ! Red Skull FTW 
I'm gonna be really pissed if the mariners win tomorrow and don't make a new franchise record for consecutive losses , and I hate myself for saying that lol 
Boom ! Mariners franchise record 15 straight losses !! Well ... now we should go for the Phillies MLB record of most consecutive losses at 23 , OR turn it around now and win every game for the rest of the season 
Bye Summer , see you next year ! 
heartbreaking 1 run loss tonight . good game though 
Wow , < PROPMALE > hasselbeck is out ! For tarvaris < PROPMALE > ? 
Start of my weekend now hooray ! I'm exhausted , and have no idea what to do lol . Perhaps some zeeks and watching a movie is in order . And do housework tomorrow :p 
My color : grey\ 
Do I like this color ? : Not particularly\ 
Would I dye my hair this color ? hell to the no ! \ 
Food this color : Oysters\ 
Drink this color : grey goose vodka\ 
Animal this color : grey wolf ! \ 
LIKE and I will give you a color ! 
Look out world ! Taking < PROPFEMALE > out for a spin today B-) I think a Best Buy raid is in order . . . 
In issaquah now doing some voice over and redub work for Ghost Chronicles 3 
Bought myself a Kinect and some games today . 
so who wants to see Cowboys and Aliens with me at some point ?? 
Sonics Night at the Safe !!!! And there is a near perfect Ichiro lookalike in front of us who is very popular tonight lol 
SONICS LOVE FTW !!!! Great ceremony ! Great Legends !! 
SU-PER SO-NICS ( clap clap , clapclapclap ) SU-PER SO-NICS : the music at safeco tonight . Gotta love it . Damn . Funniest was \FUCK THE THUN-DER ! clap clap clapclapclap ! \ " haha " 
Watching the awesome torchlight parade on my lunch = awesome ! 
My sad excuse for a romantic life has been compared to Gilligan's Island ! No matter what I do or different tactics I try , or what I make out of bamboo and coconuts , I'm always stuck in the same spot come next week . LOL ! can't say I disagree haha :P 
Taking Astronaut Buzz Aldrin up the Space Needle is , by far , one of the coolest things I've ever got the privilege to do B-) ! 
Why hello there , 1 year anniversary of breaking my ankle ! What an interesting year its been since . . . 
goodness I am so ridiculously sleepy this morning , ugh . TGIF ! 
Best way to start a weekend ? awesome BBQ at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE>' place ! 
Going to see the Blue Angels today ! 
Has officially been eaten alive by Mosquitos :( 
I bet < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would have one hell of a Space Needle elevator speech . . . 
SOFTBALL . Time to go tear it up ! 
what a weird game , and a frustrating loss lol . On a personal note , I batted 3 for 4 today ! scored and got an RBI double which I was pleased with haha :) great personal highlights for lotsa people tonight ! 
Today is proving to be very stressful lol 
Hell yeah , Mariners Youth gettin the job done !.... why can't I be one of them ? :\\ Good win tonight . 
Deciding to already rearrange some furniture in my living room today lol 
Copied from Rosie : Go to your profile . Look to your left . The first 7 friends are your Zombie Apocalypse Team . \ 
\ 
Sidekick : < PROPMALE > Persson\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPMALE > Stone ( fitting lol)\ 
The Idiot Who Survives : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( also fitting)\ 
Sniper : < PROPFEMALE > Whitley\ 
The One Who Loses It : < PROPFEMALE > Wilcox\ 
The Brains : < PROPFIRST > Viig\ 
First To Die : < PROPFIRST > Egdamin\ 
hahaha that was fun 
Saw our finished Ghost Chronicles 3 movie tonight , and wow is it awesome ! Cant wait to see it on a big screen monday at the premiere in front of the school district ! 
Battlestar Galactica complete series Blu < PROPFIRST > available half off ? Um , yes please ! * add to cart * #So Say We All ! 
Alright time for the big premiere of Ghost Chronicles 3 ! Hope it's well received ! 
4 rounds of applause , and being asked for autographs , I'd say this was a great premiere ! 
The bats came out with force today as we DOMINANTLY win 20-7 ! Made up for the last 3 games ! I went 2-4 both hits being doubles ! Combine that with the great premiere and signing over 40 autographs and this is a good day ! 
got paid my nice chunk of change for Ghost Chronicles 3 ! Time to buy myself something nice as a reward , now that bills are taken care of ! 
My year- 2006\ 
Age- 18-19\ 
My City-Tomah , WI-back to Seattle , WA !! \ 
My movies- Casino Royale , Superman Returns , Pirates 2\ 
My music- Def Leppard all the way baby , went to my first concert of theirs that year . \ 
Like and I'll give you a year too ! 
Battlestar Galactica is even better 2nd time around , especially on bluray ! 
Its way too hot today . The bachelor pad is baking ! 
Pineda leaves with a 2 run lead , wright walks 3 to load the bases then < PROPFIRST > gives up a grand slam and now it's 8-5 , < PROPFIRST > s . WHAT THE FRAK ! 
I could really use a vacation , my batteries need to be recharged and I need to be reenergized . 
Nothing like an epic team practice in the pouring rain to get the adrenaline going ! catching pop flys in a dounpour is fun ! But not as much fun as taking batting practice in it ! I wore my game used Griffey arm band for good luck and it worked , I was shaggin balls all over the left side ! Boom ! BRING ON THE TOURNAMENT !!!! 
Getting paid to guard a parking lot in my elevator uniform 4 blocks from the needle for the big event today haha . Bored out of my mind , but it's pretty out ! Gotta love unexpected days ! 
\A zombie uneducated is a zombie LOST !! \ " -- < PROPFIRST > F Kennedy ( call of duty black ops ) " 
Good day to meet up with my mom for a Mariners game ! Hopefully get a free teal M's fleece blanket too ! 
Not used to it being quite this chilly as I walk to work ! 
Alright day , BRING IT ON ! I'm ready for you . 
Stop walking in runs gray !!!!!! Come on !!! 
Hey ! I can finally move my face again without screaming in pain ! haha , take that sunburn !!! PWNED 
LOL found myself 3 times in the seahawks.com video on the Sea Gals calendar unveiling from last night . Awesome 
Can't wait to see Apollo 18 tonight ! 
I wanna know , have you eveerrr seeeen the rain ... comin down on a < PROPFEMALE > day ? 
Good golly what a hard day for all involved ... time for sleep and do it all again tomorrow * YAWN * 
waking up , stretching , causing a massive < PROPFIRST > horse in my left leg , which jerks me awake and makes me fall onto the floor ... is not how I want to start the day :P 
Return of the Jedi on in the breakroom , hell yes ! Also , really going through softball withdrawals :( I wanna game ! 
gah only 9 days til the Def Leppard concert I have VIP tix for ! CAN'T WAIT ! 
I've been kidnapped !! ... look at the FIRST 7 people on your friends list . NO CHEATING ! \ 
1 . The kidnapper : < PROPFEMALE > Oblivian\ 
2 . The idiot that's looking for you but can't find you : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Monson\ 
3 . The person that planned all of this : < PROPFEMALE > Martin\ 
4 . The police officer : < PROPFEMALE > Conner\ 
... 5 . The person that doesn't care : < PROPFEMALE > Whitley\ 
6 . The person who cares the most : Jenica < PROPFIRST > Norris\ 
7 . The Knight in Shining armour that saved you : < PROPFIRST > Hamilton 
Skyrim Today !... all day . That is all B-) goodbye social life haha 
