is preparing to return to work tomorrow ! Such is life ! 

is so excited that Pineapple Crush has made its great comeback ! I have dreamed about the sugary soda since the 1980s !!! 
is thankful the holiday weekend is here ! 
wishes everyone a happy 4th ! 
misses CD maxi-singles . 
needs to buy a $250 Blu-ray Player for work . Any recommendations ? 
loves the woman who thought his \MPH\ " requires him to measures things in < PROPMALE > per Hour ! " 
is working the evening shift at Sinai ! 
is fighting the urge to get a Belgian Waffle and Steak Fries at Tick Tock Diner . 
cannot wait for his dining room wall to be fully painted ! 
strongly suspects < PROPMALE > Chicken is no longer in business . He is CRAVING their potato wedges . 
hates running around in a suit on a humid day ! 
is not impressed with the pasta at Pizza Hut ! 
requests your prayers as he tries to nuture a bamboo plant ! He randomly received it in the mail . 
is exhausted after 2.5 hours of tap dancing , yet he is Facebooking ! 
digs Pandora Radio ! 
is looking for a good marriage counselor for his friend . Any recommendations ? 
is not only looking for a good marriage counselor for a friend , but he is looking for a flat screen TV security lock ( to ensure the tv is not stolen ) for another friend . Feedback is always appreciated ! 
was trapped in an elevator for 10 minutes ! It was hot , but it was a comical experience ! 
powerwalked around the park this evening ! What a rush ! 
encountered power walking preachers during his power walk last night ! They were getting their religious groove on ! 
had his hair mowed after 2.5 months ! It's about time ! 
is going to the US Open courtesy of Boom Boom and Paras ! Would you believe this is his first live , professional sporting event ? 
is finally home after an adventurous afternoon at the US Open ! Despite some good moments by < PROPFIRST > , Robredo still won the match ! Tomlee ended his day with an overpriced jumbo tennis ball and a greater appreciation for the sport . He thanks Boom Boom and Paras for the treat and thanks Bam Bam for the inside scoop ! 
tried to broil a steak in his oven . Guess what ? It caught on fire ! He was forced to use his fire extinguisher and has dry chemical residue in every nook and cranny of the oven ! He will attempt to use the self cleaning feature after he takes a shower . He guesses he is not meant to cook ... ever ! 
mourns the passing of < PROPFIRST > Swayze . The world loses another talented actor/dancer -- may he R.I.P. 
will be working his weekend away ! UGH ! 
woke up from 14 hours of sleep ! He needed it ! 
is waiting for AAA ! His car is dead in the garage ! UGH ! 
used one of his spastic karate kicks to hold a subway car door open for an elderly woman . The other riders were impressed and wanted a lesson . LOL . 
if off to AC for the day ! He's feeling lucky ! 
suddenly woke up to the loud sound of the Fire Department's parade down the main road . He is not sure why they are parading . 
enjoyed his Peruvian dining experience at Pio Pio ! 
had a great time discussing the value of the Science , Technology , and Society < PROPMALE > with prospective students at NJIT's Open House ! 
has his coupons and shopping list ready for a rousing trip to ShopRite ! 
is satisfied with yet another episode of Glee ! Ahhhhhhh ! 
wishes he could routinely sleep past 11:00 AM on a Saturday ! 
busted out the holiday music even though Thanksgiving has not passed yet ! 
is clenching his teeth . Every time he writes a long e-mail to his students on the online blackboard system , the system times out when he hits send and he must rewrite his entire note . UGH ! 
enjoyed Indian food with his co-workers today ! What a nice way to lead into Thanksgiving ! ;-) 
sends his warmest Thanksgiving wishes to one and all ! 
decided not to rush to the Black Friday sales . Sleep is good ! 
finally discovered the value of Blackberry Messenger ! It took him long enough !! 
just submitted his final student < PROPFEMALE > payment ! He fully \owns\ " his MPH degree as of tomorrow -- ha ha ! " 
is unable to preview songs in the iTunes store . He double clicks on songs and nothing plays . 
LOVED Glee's winter finale !!! 
is facing reality . His 13 year old RAV4 is a HOOPTY ! 
just cracked open a bottle of V . Sattui's 2003 Gamay Rouge ! 
just downloaded DriveSafe.ly! 
wishes drivers would clean the snow on top of their cars and trucks before driving ! He hates dodging flying chunks of snow ! 
is diggin ' the latest incarnation of Facebook ! 
cannot believe there is a movie about 3 people who are stuck on a ski lift and die ! Seriously ? 
is not sure why he loves exclamation points so much !!! Seriously !!! ( And by the way , he also hates snow !!!!! ) 
wishes his Chinese friends a Happy New Year and wishes everyone a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
just finished helping his Dad set up his new computer . Dad is happy , but Mom thinks Dad is an internet addict ! 
had a good time ! Time for bed ! 
is preparing to attend two weddings ! As his BFF would say , he is the male equivalent to 27 Dresses ! 
had a great time in Frost Valley ! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just finished speed-shopping at Lord & < PROPFIRST > ! 
is still packing for wedding #2 in DR ! Who needs sleep ! 
is killing time in the first class lounge ! ( He is also operating on 2 hours of sleep . ) 
asks , \Do YOU use Loopt ? \"" 
appreciates broken-in denim jackets on spring days ! 
loves low sodium Wheat Thins with a banana ! 
feels like living in Toronto today ! He has no idea why ! 
raises his glass to < PROPFIRST > Forsythe ! May he R.I.P. ( Tomlee always wanted to be the < PROPFIRST > of < PROPFIRST>'s Angels ! ) 
extends Easter Greetings to those who celebrate the holiday ! Happy Easter ! 
is finally using a Brita water pitcher for his H2O needs ! 
loves the new Blackberry software ! Creating BBM-like screens for text messages is genius ! 
asks , how many more degrees does he need to start billing insurance companies for the therapy he provides to patients ? 
is gleefully watching Glee !!! 
is scarfing down Indian food for lunch ! Mmmmmm . 
is freezing his butt off at Yankees Stadium ! He's having a good time though ! 
recommends Waterside Restaurant in North Bergen ! The place is so not the < PROPFIRST>'s of yesteryear ! 
needs an army of personal assistants ! Does anyone need an unpaid internship ? He writes great recommendation letters ! 
broke out the Indian sandals today ! It is about time we had a beautiful day ! 
wishes his building would turn on the AC already !! 
Seriously , does everyone need to jaywalk today ? 
is setting up his Blu < PROPFIRST > and HD Theater players ! 
Just saw Mount Sinai's Annenberg Building on an episode of Law and Order . Can I ever escape work ? 
The next time I schedule a private tap class in the city , I should remember to cross reference the date to holidays ! Happy Mother's Day ! 
Just had some chicken samosas ! Mmmm . 
Just saw my students graduate ! Call me Proud Papa ! 
Grey's Anatomy -- WHOA ! 
Anyone know of an AWESOME bakery in NYC ? My friend said it does not need to specialize in anything and she is willing to travel to any of the boroughs . Thank you ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Carnival !!!!! All day strong ! 
The nightlife - just what the doctor ordered ! 
Late night bakes are the best bakes ! 
Laying on a hammock , under palm trees , taking in the ocean breeze , and reading Hospital . Ahhhh ! 
I finally accomplished my goodwill mission ! I put two people back in touch with each other after many , many , many years ! 
Last night on the island - partying it away ! Woo hoo ! 
JFK - finally ! 
I resumed my pre-vacation diet . Sigh ! 
If you have your NJ real estate license and would prefer to be a referral agent , let me know . My wonderful broker at Century 21 Gold Advantage has a new Referral Company with reasonable terms ! 
Federal Tax Refund came in ! Thank you The Tax Shoppe ! 
Tell me -- do I splurge on the iPad 2 ? 
