has moved on from a < PROPFIRST > driving mom to a cooler suv driving mom . Picked up my 2010 GMC Acadia yesterday and it is sweet ! 

had a very relaxing but productive weekend off . Today we had a family movie day watching Terminator Salvation and relaxing in th hot tub . 
is having a good bday so far . I slept late , saw a movie(My Sister's Keeper , good , but the book is better ) and will go out to dinner with my family tonight , 
had a nice time today in the greater Freeport area . Went to church , family reunion , sat by the Pec , went swimming , and ate Marias pizza with my family . Very busy !! 
is getting ready for vacation .... three more days ! 
had great time in Branson with all the Pick family . It was warm , < PROPFEMALE > , summerlike , and an awesome time overall with family ! 
just got done organizing some things for the FHS 25th reunion tailgate . Looking forward to seeing some old friends this weekend ! 
Is getting excited for her next va-cay with Mike , Dom , and the kids . Kalahari here we come ! 
is mentally preparing for a back to work Thursday ! After a few days at the Dells , that will be a hard task ! 
is getting in the back to school mode , for her kids that is ! 
is enjoying her faster computer ! Amazingly I was able to upgrade my RAM by myself and I did not break my computer ! 
Feeling semi- domestic . I made cookies for the kids to eat after school . Ok , I am sure I will have some too , and they were the kind that you just bake in the oven , but still I am impressed with myself ! 
enjoyed attending the high school marching band competition at Harlem tonight . The bands were awesome ! 
had a bad mommy morning :-( . I overslept and my 6th grader missed his before school band practice . Hey , at least he made it to school in time ! 
is thinking it will be cold at the Huskies < PROPMALE > Tackle game today ! It is snowing here right now ! 
is still trying to thaw out from the Harlem homecoming game . BRRRR ! The Huskies did A-Salt the Pretzels , but I am secretly still a Pretzel on the inside :-) 
is enjoying some bananna bread fresh from the oven . YUM ! 
is loving the warmer weather and sunshine !!! 
is enjoying her day off and looking forward to watching Glee tonight ! 
is kinda feeling Christmasy . I did put some lights up outside since it was nice and warm today . The tree will definitely have to wait until after Thanksgiving ! 
Saw the post to go retro on the profile pic . This is about as retro as I have readily available , but I think the hair says it all ! 
saw the movie Avatar and liked it ! Thanks for the positive review < PROPMALE > , I was unsure about seeing a movie about blue people on Pandora , but it had something for everyone . 
is looking forward to watching her niece McCall and the rest of the FHS poms do their halftime routine Friday night . Did I mention they are having their dads dance with them ??? Can't wait to see what moves my little bro has out on the Gym floor !!!!! 
Had an enjoyable Mccafe < PROPFEMALE > frappe today . It was was both yummy and free , since I found a coupon in the Sunday paper :-) 
got caught up in the olympics for the past few weeks and now am trying to get into American Idol . 
Is still trying to catch up on her sleep after a overnight in Chicago . Thanks < PROPMALE > for hosting all of the cousins at you awesome grill and bar The Boundary . Looking forward to doing it again ! 
is loving the beautiful weather and seeing Showtime 30 @FHS . I am still in disbelief that I saw the first Showtime 29 years ago , I certainly don't feel that much older ! 
is enjoying the high speed internet while I get my oil changed ! It is rather sad that I have to go to < PROPFIRST > Bachrodt to enjoy the speedy internet ! 
is preparing for her trumpet concert debut . Actually it is my 6th grade son's band concert and part of their assignment was to teach an adult how to play their instrument . I found out that it is hard to get a good tone , but I think I can play Hot Cross Buns tonight ! :-) 
ready for some fun in the sun with my family !!!! 
Thank you all for the awesome birthday wishes !! Summertime weekend birthdays are awesome , and I had a busy weekend working @ the LC , celebrating the marriage of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( great party < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE >!!!) and capping it off with some yummy fajitas at Chilies with my family tomight . Sorry Dom and Mccall that I missed the reunion , but there are only so many hours in the day :-) 
Ready to celebrate with my college bestie @ her wedding !!! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > on your new life together :-) 
Tired from the 12 hour drive home , but had an enjoyable time with all the Picks in the Smoky Mountains ! 
Looking forward to having a great day . 1 . Watch the Carlson Huskie Football game 2 . Have a wonderful dinner @ the Rafters in < PROPFEMALE > with all those Leopold cousins 3 . try not to embarrass myself bowling with the afore mentioned cousins @ Spare Time Lanes ( had to mention it for you for you Steph ! ) 
Congrats to my niece < PROPFIRST > and her new husband < PROPFIRST > ! Looking forward to celebrating your marriage today !!!!!!!!!! 
Papa Dels = Yummy !!!! 
Thankful that all appear unharmed in todays tornado . Thinking of my husband and his coworkers as they begin the long cleanup required to get their grain elevator put back together and functioning again . 
Will the Christmas shopping be completed today ??? Probably not , but I am hoping to get close ! 
Back home after a foggy ride home from Champaign Urbana . It was great to see the campus with my kids and reconnect with my old friend < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Loving my new < PROPFEMALE > Laptop !!! 
Excited for our big day in Chicago tomorrow and Wicked !!!! 
had a great time @ FHS last night watching my niece McCall and brother < PROPFIRST > do their thing at halftime during the father/daughter pom pon halftime show . A special surprise was seeing my high school BFF < PROPFEMALE > , and remembering memories from back in the day !!!! 
