Let's just say we're all over , like death on every corner ... 

Squishy . 
This is your publisher . Use it do not abuse it . 
You don't work for a living , yet you're over payed . Laughin ' all silly , like you deserve a raise . 
Jesus Christ , oh my god . 
god , jesus and allah 
A color , motion picture machine . And an all-star dream team from the great ol ' US of A 
These shutter eyes , paint pictures with lines . 
And if it comes down to it , i will sleep right through this ... 
Tell me what you've learned about jesus , and we'll laugh as we pray on the weak ends ... 
I've met Satan , and i've met the man . And i'll never ever shake either of their hands ... 
I can not be let down anymore ... 
No names to who said this to me ... but it sounds like one of these years ... \well shit I need to do something tomorrow I'm going to be pissed if I have to spend another Holiday at home looking up Porn \"" 
So any ideas on how to dress up as the swine flu for Halloween ? Because i would rather be that then drench myself in red paint and be a period . I'd rather be the guy who no one likes who only comes around once then like those annoying people who show up at parties uninvited at least once a month . Shit and being swine flu means i'd have a reason to be stayed away from . 
Boyjokes , < PROPFEMALE > , And Bulletproof Bunnies ... 
Seeing ghosts ... 
Sees nothing of the sort . Nothing but contort . 
I heard vulgarity is just what boys do ... 
I'm trying to learn this music language , because you guys don't understand what I'm trying to say in english ... 
I thought we were in California there for a minute ... We were having such a good time ... 
has figured out in first person . What he only speaks about in third person ... He is a big ball of Manipulation , Masturbation , and Procreation ... 
Hip Hop and slang words ... Sums it up like peanut butter and jelly .... Ya dig .. 
is setting the tick apart from the tock to get where you were going in that smock . Oh wait . was that a clock . Nope you're wrong there . It was ah definitely Spock . Gawkin ' like a hawk . Oh where with that dream . A manipulatin ' machine . Rhymes like a rocker , with beats from BETties locker . Who stares like a Doctor at the junk you didn't wanna . Show , but you let it go , hangin ' out . With ya tongue out . Now you know , this is twisted . yo 
Brains and the way they work ... Fascinating .... 
I am going to die for my sins , I don't need you too Jesus ... Thanks anyways though ... 
I'm an urban spaceman baby , here comes the twist ... I don't exist ... 
is finding disillusion in disbelief 
Sick of ties and tar , scratched out eyes wont get you far . 
jghjsdaflakfj and kjglkajiejf plus a little bit of kdsfjal ; ksjdfasdf 
Your leather's bound backwards , for a rust red iron spoon . With a head full of disaster you were meant to be on the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I don't need pleasure , i don't feel pain . If you were to knock me down , i'd just get up again . 
And when it comes down , i know where you're found , i know where you dug your hole . 
$40 worth of Reese's Sticks ... Thank you Jesus for my childlike mind and food stamps . 
is in need of three women . In relationships . Not on birth control , and willing to abort . Not sure if can impregnate . If it comes to pregnancy must be willing to abort . No attachments wanted . Just willing specimens . 
It smells like bannana taffy , i am unsure as to why . I've checked the bottom of my shoes and there isn't any stuck there which is kind of disappointing but hey maybe it's just my nose . I mean i was born to a half menopausal mother .................... 
You're NASTY , when it comes to being FREAKY 
is wishing these words were a different sound or a feeling to explaining in more depth the severity of his mental illness . 
is realizing .... TO EACH HIS OWN MENTAL ILLNESS ........ Or whatever mental means . 
People are people , so why should it be ? You and I should get along so awfully ... 
Want's you too write what's on your mind , in a comment below this rather then on your own < PROPFEMALE > .... fuck this mass posting of personal shit ... LETS CREATE AN UNDERGROUND !!! 
Oh Christmas , how < PROPFEMALE > you make me . Only i would see cancer as a gift . 
Commensed my holiday drinking after communion at midnight mass ... As soon as that wine hit my tongue it was GAME ON ! 
Vaseline alley anyone ? 
Life like relationships through revolving doors . In and out of this world like a character ... 
You smell as if you were baptized in a toilet Mr. Christ ... 
Down for you is up ! 
i'll hitcha quicka than liquor 
Guide me from temptation , it's truly our disease . Plant me firmly to this spaceland , so i can grow and not just see . 
I cannot cater to your loneliness , ' cause when i'm there you're still gone ... 
Just know that when life starts to swell ... the 13th step is hell ... 
Clowns to left of me , jokers to the right ... Here i am , stuck in the middle with you . 
Trapped in the shadow of the cross .... 
Hitchhiking my way to Heaven ... 
Is vulgarity a sickness or a joke ? 
Bending reality for the sake of sanity ... 
I think i'm pregnant .... 
Believing in nothing is easy ... 
If it wasn't for the red dashed lines under misspelled words on Facebook ... I don't think i'd be able to spell ... THANK YOU Mr. FACEBOOK ! 
87ed from every town , loneliness is where god's found ... 
I pray to buddha , to allah , and < PROPMALE > .... I turned to Jesus and stayed there with him .... 
Do they allow you same sex relationship status ' on facebook ? 
I'll meet you on , the galactic plain ... 
Damn it , facebook is just like high school all over again . 
Sitting in a tin can ... 
Breaking down pop songs mathematically to figure out the code to writing Ms. Spears ' next bit hit . 
is wondering if < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett was given the ' Fawcett doo ' before being buried ... 
I'll trade you the ability to pee while standing , for your ability to multitask ... Deal ? 
The little Jew that could ... Jesus Jew Idiots ... 
Just to watch him die ... 
KAAAPOWWWWW MAN 
Paranoid Schitzoid Product of the 21st Century 
Thought Broadcasting . 
Black Gold my friends , black gold . 
Everyone i know , goes away in the end ... 
Bit by a dog with a rabid tooth ... 
Livin ' on stilts , slippin ' on ice 
Stripped down to bones ... 
Goodnight everyone 
Found out drinking is not a competition to see who can black out first ... And i thought i was so good at this drinking thing .... 
Don't speak to me of hardship , don't speak to me of God ... 
Please somebody ... 
wishes kids used pianos rather than computer keyboards to convey emotions ... 
I sold my soul for pennies , to toss in the wishing well ... 
Changing Frequencies ... 
Conscience is unconscious ... 
You speak of sunshine , i speak of closing the blinds . 
A deal with the Devil ... 
Me sister is having a baby todayz , me will be an uncle in T minus ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
is wondering why half of you are even on his friends list ... 
Gods last name was Damn . Check this out ... http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3791007322683758535&ei=IvufS4zqDpzyqAO13qSGDA&q=religulous+movie&hl=en# 
Lame . Exit facebook . 
< PROPFEMALE > la la la , LOVEEEEEE 
Sickly sick , and sicker ... 
this is the leaster of my favorite holidays . 
Medicate the mess you've made 
< PROPFEMALE > and her daddy ... smoke a fatty in da caddy .... And when we roll up on some kitties , we'll nibble on their shitties 
I guess using your sober ID while drunk is not identity theft ... And the bank nearly cleared my debt ... Shit ... I seriously believe getting sober should give you a clean credit score and diminish debts over $1000 ..... 
It's < PROPMALE > in the ditch ... of the old boneyard ... where the zombies make tones ... 
an ear full of pop ... drinkin soda 
potassicum 
loves when the only person to ' like ' or comment on your post is your significant other ... 
Cumbubble . 
wishes he had leather pants , a bullet belt , purple eye shadow , and at least 5 hits of LSD . I want to go to Lady GaGa ... Really bad ... It would be a shirtless affair .... 
Cunt rag bitches ... 
Recording in an actual studio today . 
This message will self-destruct in 5 seconds ... 
It's a full time job , being crazy .................. 
Space Pirate ... 
Bets his mom could pound a beer faster than your mom ! 
( Daily Markly Comment ) The wind blowing through the crack of my anus , makes me wonder if i'll ever be happy again ... 
Has bought 5 packs of guitar strings due to steadily breaking them ... By the time our show comes around , hopefully i still have strings or have money to buy some . 
( Markly Daily Comment ) I can't even feel the vibrating pizzle in my anus after enduring tonight's ' jam ' session ... 
does not like this new suggesting friend trick facebook is playing ... 
( Markly Comment Of The Day ) As i slowly beat off this morning , feeling the crisp morning air ... I suddenly out of no where began to see the white hit my eye ... 
questions why there are 21 people online when it's fucking super nice outside ... 
is fuckkkkked up .... 
kaleidoscope eyes i have , mmyesss 
The only pills i will ingest are green ones with money signs on them ... 
there is no clouds but there is lightning ..... global warming can you say ? 
regulators mount up ... 
the porcelain goddess of bowls ... 
Neuropsychological exam tomorrow ... Shall be interesting ... Let us see what we can conjure up ... 
I shall be the biggest < PROPMALE > you've ever encountered ... mmmyesss < PROPFEMALE > 
diggin ' the english pirate setting facebook now has 
I danced myself right out of Hell ... Is it strange to dance so well ?... 
Pink eye is now cooler than having a black eye 
Show tomorrow , maybe check it out if your monday evening is boring ... 
Do believe i just explained to a few girls that the word ' wives ' is a derivative of the words ' White ' and ' Slave . ' hahaha 
Blackbird Raum tonight ... 
that was awful ... 
gargle ... goes gurgle 
Partying on the weekends is so old school ...... 
Ohhhh bless your pirrrrghhish soul ... 
girls are weird period . period 
HOLLABOOYAHHHHH 
Thou bawdy lily-livered vassal ! 
First night in what seems like ages that i get alone with the lady . 
Positive Disintegration ... 
Allah akbar ... 
May your house be calm , while mine burns to the ground ... 
Swinger party , your house ! 
Hey dreamboat , get on the GROOVE TRAIN ! 
There were seriously just two deer running down 23rd and State St. ... 
BOO ! 
I'm pretty sure < PROPMALE > Young has the special power to take something sad and turn it beautiful . 
Did not change his profile picture ... 
likes carrots ! 
I guess there is a party at mi casa .... show up if you feel the need too ... surprise ! 
THE CLAWWWWWWWW 
Wow , who gave me whiskey after i was already hammered ?! I woke up with a cut on my face and feel like < PROPFIRST > ... 
Totally convinced < PROPFEMALE > that ' General Mills'(the cereal producer ) was an actual General in the US Army ... HAHAHAHAHA < PROPFEMALE > proceeded to convince her Corporal Mills is his son who produces the cheaper off brand ... 
A/S/L ?! 
GRAVEFINDER < PROPFEMALE > COM ! 
Sounds like the ghetto out there ... 
Loves liking his own stuff 
Vultures , Marketears ... or teers 
Ohhh Fux ! This could be legit ! 
\He watched Gilmore Girls ........ \"- Matthew Moore " 
She's a looker , i'm a lurker , i want sex from her ... 
Licka salt and .... take a shot and .... suck a lemon .... 
four o'clock mooch with H-money 
Epic waterfightz been happenin ' all dah time lately . I suggest you fools load up on balloons and water guns and prepare to get blasted . 
WATER BALLOON FIGHTERS TEXT \HELL YEAH I'M IN\ " TO 971-219-5666 or TEXT < PROPMALE > " 
You seriously have to check out the most recent activity on my < PROPFEMALE > ... well most recent not including this ... so below this post . 
Just like Jesus , I'm out of this shit hole !!! 
Sitting next to someone who just got released from jail , i feel bad ass .... \ 
LOVE ME SOME MARKLY 
TITZ 
SSD 
Burg in the basket , burg in the toilet 
Was shown one of the sickest swimmin ' spots yet . Two fucking waterfalls one 20ft and one like 35ft that you can jump off or ride down . Totally rememberin ' the directions ! 
anyone have a generator ?! 
EPIC WATERFIGHT by the derby track/bathroom at upper bush park . 8pm ! BE THERE OR BE FUCKING SQUARE ! 
Many people who suck < PROPMALE > like this ' insert word ' 
don't mention it , wiener ! 
God , i should not be awake this early . I just get bored and do stupid shit haha ! SUCKERS , i tried to give you all a little taste of what i've been listening to lately ;) 
\Sally rotten crotch\ " -best quote from an hbo series yet " 
Ohhhh < PROPFIRST > ! 2 COCKS !!!!!!!!! 
Dancing with a water gun and shooting boobies is the best ! 
facebook is lame on drugs . 
SHOW TONIGHT ! --> Town & Country Bowling Alley --> Foxy Night Game/Lust Wagon/Blacklights/&MORE ! 6pm BOWLING AFTERWARD !!! SHOW THE FUCK UP ! 
Year off opiates = accomplished ! Two years = EASY AS FUCK 
Foxy Night Game at 4pm at The Great Idea at Enchanted < PROPMALE > 
Wyclef < PROPFIRST > is attempting to run for the Haitian Presidency !!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Enchanted we are , Foxy Nightmare . Foxy Nightmare was printed on the paper where our band was suppose to play . Unfortunately the lady printed it wrong that or it was a hilariously good joke someone played on us . KUDOS to that person , fuck whatever we were called before ! 
Fucking < PROPMALE > , cooking dinner for the masses .... LUD DAT GUY 
Swimming anyone ? 
You don't have to be cool .... To rule my world !!! 
GRAB A BOOB !!!! FUCKING FOR BREAST CANCER !!!! 
MOTORBOAT MY BALLZ !!! 
Builders & the Butchers tonight , we have a mass group going ... You all should be there ! 
POWER-MOUNTAIN !!! 
snort amphetamines and forget about loving you .... forget about loving you .... 
< PROPMALE > keeps poking me ... I say those of you who want to put him in his place ... POKE HIM ! He may be strong , but if we work at him like dolphins killing a shark ... We've got him ! 
I met the owner of State St Muchas today !!! IT WAS AMAZING !!! 
\The second she start messin ' with my man ... \"- Danielle Mooney " 
My < PROPMALE > bones connected to your Mouth Bitch 
POKER 
Poke list is growing , ever so slowly ... 
Poke Captain i am ! 
is slackin ' .... 
Thirteenth step is the best 
Jesus fiend !!! 
Just got to watch cops send police dog into neighbors house while standing on sidewalk eating mooch ! Oh the things that brighten up my days ! 
Just emptied my poke chamber ... 
Facebook how is it that you always tickle my fancy ... 
Um you're slackin ' on the poke backs ... If we're really friends , tap click that shit ... 
Always likin ' my own posts !!! DUHHH LIKE !!! 
Crabbin ' tonight , < PROPFIRST > Sharpe concert tomorrow , and Flaming Lips at the end of next month ! 
Drinkin ' tonight , I ! THINK ! YES ! 
Tonight i'll be drinkin ' Gin & Joose ... Yeah i said Joose , not Juice 
PWNED SOME FOOLS LAST NIGHT !!! IT WAS LEET !!! FUXIN ' NOOBS 
Level down Facebook .... Level down .... 
Workin ' on the new comic book Mr. Sisk is writing and I am Illustrating ... Should be killer , or at least we're both hoping . 
SWIMMIN ' ABIQUA STYLE TODAY 
Who's that laaaddyyyy !!!! 
Fathertron is in town , spending time with him minus a few nuts and bolts ... 
THIS IS IMPORTANT PLEASE READ !!!! :\ 
\ 
fkjdsao ; lghjo[wiehtgowiaehfdovisahjvo ; knasdo ; fh oaweisdfhjasd jfo ; asdhjf o; h jasdoghjoaweriy 91qh ckjsadnfvkadsnvckjn wera89y12yr f0hioawdhfadgjioasdfhjgaiwerhv oisdfnvoasdnfofivnoaisncffopasijfhioawesdhjfoishdavoiadhsvioajsocivjawsodifaweiosdfhjoaseigy9a8yc ihoh feiodashfioh asdoifh W AF IHASDF \ 
HOH ASDIOHF JAS\ 
ASPDFHI VAISDOFH JfuckIN fags 
Soon i will be uploading a new photo album . Me modeling my new boxer briefs . Any suggestions on poses or things you'd like to see me doing while sporting my new undies ? 
blinded by the light ... 
Clownin ' and Frownin ' busted < PROPFIRST > MCDERMOTT \ 
While sitting in jail cell\ 
\Did i make it into busted or not ?! It's killin ' ME !!!! \"- Aaron " 
Confidential comic book files received ... Better start turning the the house alarm on when I'm not at home . 
Daily boxer brief shots up later this evening ... First shot is of me getting the morning paper . I look pretty slick ! Stay tuned ... 
fuxin ' prix dix 
I'm a < PROPMALE > , I'm a brotha , I'm the son of my mother , a faggot undercover ... 
puddle stompin ' 
Dog lays on floor dreaming , he kicks his feet as if it's real . I chuckle ... 
turd mongers 
Awards party soon indeed 
< PROPFEMALE > \You got drunk LAST NIGHT !!! \ " \ 
Soon i will be able to float down Mill Creek to Mooch . Working on a floating bucket prototype hooked to a rope tied up to our soon to be backyard for call in orders to be set it and pulled back up stream when the Mooch worker tugs on the rope . 
starting his own dating service ... who wants in ? 
I look out the window onto State Street and only see the happy people driving by with their bellies full of Mooch . I unfortunately have been trying to come to terms with Mooch not sitting right in my belly . Today is day one , Muchas Anonymous here i come ... 
some of you people on my friends list i am pretty sure we've maybe spoken 5 words to each other if that ... delete 
party in mahh PJ's 
oh the glories of footy PJ's ... how i love thee 
< PROPMALE > , Zach , and I are challenging anyone to a street fight right now . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shots have made our coordination and reaction times better . Bring it , anyone ... NOW ! 
I'm retardedly stoned right now ... omfg i'm gonna paint a pretty pictures of my penises while i try to suck on it . 
Flaming Lips last night was fucking killer 
Says BETTER WATCH YO BACKZ 
SARCASTIC WOMANIZING in public sure teaches you not to break character 
Bachelors in Bullshit completed ... Masters in Fuckin ' People Over coming soon ! 
Oh Yoshimi , they don't believe me ... 
LOVIN IT 
Functionally Shitfaced 
happy birthday me 
saw myself in the mirror yesterday , WOAHHHH 
sickkkkk 
\I bet she slurps a nice peter ... \"= best quote ever " 
How do Jews find < PROPMALE > and it's ethnic cleansing right ? It's as if they figure it's their right after the Nazis did it to them . Fuckin ' Jews 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EhX_eJGhPI 
Let someone cut my hair today , now i feel like more of a douche than i normally am 
found out he has a long lost twin 
poke me in the eyes 
oh the power of bad breath 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfkHvGwPCGA 
Level up ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is buzzing me a Sonic burger home ... 
Hello Halloween ... 
Showers should be only for people who work . This way those with jobs would work harder to make this nation not stink anymore . 
i'm really gay right now 
Just found my 8th grade student directory with < PROPFEMALE > line < PROPFIRST > to each kids parents . COMMENCE COUGAR HUNTING ! 
Just won a game of Munchkin as a couple ... How very cute/nerdy 
\The Window Of Awesome ! \ " \ 
\She has a control tower up in the sky ! You can't see it but she uses it to control you ! \"" 
Watched a few episodes of Wonder Pets with my niece tonight ! 8 months and she's already learning how to dance(with a little help ) 
i am going to try and pass out before i turn 24 at midnight tonight ... so i best be on my way to drinkin ' portlands finest vodka ... then for round 2 tomorrow .... after ... workk ...... shit 
im pretty sure i won 
I seriously just found confetti between my butt cheeks ... GOOD BIRTHDAY ! 
hurray i don't have to work today ! 
today has been a weird day 
I left my facebook logged in . it could have been a lot worse if I didnt have a great friend named < PROPMALE > , who wouldnt mess around with my facebook . even though I know I would mess with his ... 
believes Lost in Translation's soundtrack would be worth buying 
walking dead here i come 
double snowball all da way 
grocery shoppin ' fo da house yo 
missed arcarde fire on snl ... hulu here i come 
how's dat can ah beans comin ' long cuba ?? 
fuck those motorcycle looking little kids bikes . I want a bike with a horse head and a tail so i look like I'm a cowboy ridin ' a horse into the sunset . 
\everything he buys is from goodwill\ " \ 
facebook wont let me make my name ' Eagle Ninja Nine ' 
has a feber of a hundwed and tree 
goddamn the goddamned 
prefers to puke in a bowl , that isn't a toilet 
thinking of posting this on craigslist ..... \looking for children i can employ to run & operate my unauthorized lemonade stands . must be willing to work for little to no pay and 7 days a week \"" 
orderin ' pizza wit my ebt bitches 
OFF CENTER !!!! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s amazement of ' Dog the Bounty < PROPMALE >,' In turn I've ended up watching bits and pieces of episodes . His tactics are hilarious . I'm pretty sure bounty hunting was his second choice after hearing he couldn't be a cop being a felon . 
portlandia sucks and should've been called < PROPFEMALE > 
surprise !!! 
Well of course ! 
10 years into the war and we're finally using solar panels to power one base . 
So for years I've been waiting for the C.I.A. to contact me about a job . Which I figured they'd do in some cryptic way . After announcing this belief to close friends of mine , they've convinced me I am delusional . Damn !!!!!!! 
I believe < PROPFEMALE > sharted last night . She contests that it was in my dream . If so it was very realistic ! 
saying no is a lot harder after knockin ' back a few 
new word \fuckied . \ " how to use it in a sentence ... \ " get fuckied up \"" 
lemonade is my favorite word 
not positive if I fought anyone last night ... i just feel like i got to shit kicked out of me 
has anyone noticed the facebook ad to be in the FBI or SWAT ? It has Lil ' < PROPMALE > as the photo hahaha 
Jesus help me defeat my addiction to titties 
lookin ' for a competition ... 
Holy shit , < PROPFIRST > Petraeus may be running for president . This may make me finally become a ' voter . ' HELL YES 
Wunderland in T minus 60 minutes .... Maybe a game of Laser Tag so I can kill a hoe 
NPR > Plan Parenthood 
Padre to be 
nuh-night 
Alibi 
Seriously just had a sequence of typos while attempting to type retarded . First was restarted , then redarted , retraded , finally retarded . Boy aints I retarded 
keeps his 2 cents out of the pocket of evil 
harder . faster . more destructive . 
dissolve hierarchy 
When drinking alcoholic beverages ONE and EIGHT have no < PROPFIRST > in between each other ... 
a tsunami is about to hit the oregon coast ! SWEET 
most ridiculous of all letters . double you 
most awesome phrase you can get away with saying right after each other ??? \What do you mean ?! What do you mean ? \"" 
I really love crazy people with youtube accounts . They really make my day . 
facebook has a press enter for commenting on peoples shit . makes this below this post like a chat room 
Radiation found in Cali ... uh oh 
rango or < PROPFIRST > ? that is the question 
Red < PROPFIRST > and a little Battle : Los < PROPFEMALE > to end the evenin ' 
Dear Meatloaf that is in the oven , \ 
I hope you don't burn due to lack of foil . I will introduce you to my good friend Belly if you comply with my wishes . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Lookin ' fo furniture , ya dig ? 
Mach speed cap'n 
midnight bacon 
The variables are invaluable 
