hopeing for a snow day tomorrow : ) 

studying 4 chem :( 
just got back from a McLaughlin promotion/graduation 
I saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree , starving to death , just because I couldn't make up my mind which of the figs I would choose . I wanted each and every one of them , but choosing one meant losing all the rest , and , as I sat there , unable 
has a sunburn 
just got her driver's lisence 
early release is awsome : ) 
so cloudy : ( 
procrastinating on homework and studying : [ 
: ( 
not feeling so good : ( 
does anyone get how to do the sin/cos/tan limits for calc ? 
whenever you look at the stars remeber that you're part of one : ) 
thinks 3h and 45 mins SATs are way too long and mind numbing . by the time you reach section 10 your brain is saying \ok screw it i give UP \"" 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > 
i've been absent all week can someone please tell me how to find average velocity . i already know that velocity is the derivative of position . 
does anyone know if the chem lab is do tomorrow or not ? 
is finally a U.S citizen not a U.S permanent resident : ) 
and a bunch of other people were put on fire in chem today . I <3 cool chem experiments !!! 
what was the volume of O2 in the lab ? was it related to the volume of H2O ? 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK ! Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key , right click , up , down and circles will appear ! IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing through my open ears exciting and inviting me Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns It calls me on and on across the universe 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!! 
Gezuar 28 Nentorin ! 
having a very difficult time with my college essay : [ 
Christams Vacation Countdown : 3 Days 
christmas Vacation Countdown : 2 Days 
Ms. Thibebault's chem class don't forget to bring in food tomorrow for the party . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes : ) te gjithve shum flm per urimet ju puth fort < PROPFEMALE > larg : ) 
mariposa ilusionada 
Tiger's love pepper . They hate cinnamon . 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! 
They've created a punctuation < PROPFIRST > for sarcasm . It's called sarc < PROPFIRST > . 
likes the sound of trains passing by 
I'm the only Krisjela that exists on facebook lol 
full < PROPFEMALE > 
Back from seeing Dear < PROPFIRST > , now just watching < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Please please please let it be a snow day tomorrow 
One more very busy , busy day until February vacation 
2 economics tests , a 2 chapter test in chem , 101 lines of poetry , a calc review sheet all due tomorrow : ( fml 
watching < PROPMALE > Gump 
snow when there's no school is like uggs in July ... useless 
thinks < PROPFIRST > collins has amazing driving skills : ) lol 
another earthquake but this time in Chile . How unfortunate and sad : ( 
we might not have school tomorrow according to wmur ???? 
got into UNH 
getting tired of seeing those \click become a fan to unvail\ " groups " 
saw a plane flying awfully close and my heart stoped beating for a fraction of a second . 
Gezuar diten e veres 
finished a powerpoint and a 5 < PROPFEMALE > report . 
all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream 
had a really nice day 
Happy is the heart that still feels pain , Darkness drains and light will come again . Swing open up your chest and let it in , Just let the love , love , love begin . 
Love you mom <3 Happy mother's day ! 
perfect weather for a nap 
I could listen to moonlight sonata forever 
Congratulations ! I will miss all of you . It's going to feel weird waking up on Monday and not having to hurry up and find a parking spot . It's going to feel weird not seeing your faces anymore : ( 
Had an awsome day : ) 
GERMANYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Mosquitos and I have a love/hate relationship . They <3 me and I hate them . 
massive headache 
Germany !!!!!!!!!!! 
GERMANYYYYYYYYYY 4-0 !!!!!!!!! 
It's orange outside . 
http://www.comcast.net/articles/news-general/20100722/US.Stung.by.Jellyfish/ 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Kalioras : ) 
Screws fall out all the time , it's an imperfect world . 
Why is it that when one thing goes wrong all other things decide to go wrong at the same time ? 
Just woke up from a dream within a dream and the first thing that came to mind was Inception . 
Tired . 
In Boston for orientation tomorrow : D 
1 more week .... 
Finished packing : ) Spending time with my family for a while . 
attempted ballroom tango . 
Has the most awesome roomate ever Ayrten < PROPFIRST > 
8 a.m calculus will be the death of me one of these days . 
Procrastination will come back and bite you in the A site ... ( One of a ribosome's three binding sites ) . Should have learned this a week ago . 
got a 100 on my calculus quizz : D 
I like it on the floor 
home sweet home = ) 
Hates Biology !!!!!!! 
I'm a satellite heart lost in the dark . 
yay for two midterms and a lab report due on the same day . 
BROTHER(s)\ 
WEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , pulled your \ 
hair , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you \ 
succeed , saw you fall ( or tripped you ) , picked you back up , cheered you \ 
on , made you strong , then copy & paste this to your status . 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > Kalioras 
I think my mother has misinterpreted the meaning of the word \redneck\ " because she just refered to a guy with red hair as a \ " redneck \"." 
discovered that soy milk is less disgusting than regular milk and it's almost tasty . 
No laptop . I might not make it through the week . 
I can finally use my laptop again ! 
watching beauty and the beast <3 
loves sneezing 
Gezuar 28 Nëntorin ! 
oh i believe in yesterday 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > Kalioras and can't wait to be home . 1 more weeek . 
3 essays and 6 more chapters of chemistry . Challenge accepted ! 
HOME . 
nap time . 
My mother just asked me what year I was born . Majlinda Shishko 
I'm here and nowhere wishing to be everywhere . 
Thunderstorm <3 
Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium equation , I've finally got you all figured out ! 
I’m afraid sometimes you’ll play lonely games too , games you can’t win because you'll play against you . 
Better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie . 
