Going to the mall tomorrow to do last minute shopping and what not . 

Having a band practice this weekend ... I am really excited because we have not had one in like two months or better ! 
Why is it so easy for some but < PROPFEMALE > hard for me ? :( 
Made up my mind as soon as I graduate highschool I am moving to California to be closer to family . 
Plus GP sucks ! 
I feel like .... When you get out of the dentist and they laugh gas your ass ! 
whats on my mind ? Your on my mind ... 
At Rosco's house ! ( :\ 
Having a blast ! 
Today , Hello < PROPFIRST > Galactica finished recording the drum parts , the bass parts , and most of the guitar parts . Tomorrow were going to finish the guitar parts and finish the vocals and in about a few days , Hello < PROPFIRST > Galactica will release their first ever CD !!!! 
Got the recording done and the first cds made !!! We sound amazing !!! 
Hey everyone go add my band Hello < PROPFIRST > Galactica ! We finally got a < PROPFEMALE > up ! 
Going to see 30 Seconds To Mars tomorrow !!!! 
OMG 30 SECONDS TO MARS WERE FUCKING AWESOME !!!! 
wow fuck people .... everyone go to rot in hell and die !!! 
wow fuck people .... everyone can go rot in fucking hell and die !!! 
Go check out my bands < PROPFEMALE > . Just uploaded music . plus you can download !!! 
Check the songs out under band < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Don't forget to add us on Myspace either ! 
Its weird how life can hate you one day , and BOOM the next day anything can that go right goes right !! thanks to everyone who is making a positive impact on my life right now ! :) 
Having a band practice ... holy shit its been forever ... I think the last one was when our EP came out ! wow .... I hope I remember how everything goes ! :D 
hah tomorrow lol 
sometimes parents can fucking suck .... but most of the time parents just do things out of love . It's just , why do those things like that if you REALLY loved me ?? Life is life ... the sooner I get out of here the better ! 
I might be getting my own car soon !! 
Starting Monday I don't have an 8th period !!! :D 
Were starting to make a small name for ourselves ! Please tell your friends about us ! 
Punk vs . Metal ? Which is better ? Leave a comment ! 
Hey let us know what you guys think of us ! 
Punk or Metal which is better ? 
You guys fucking rock ! keep on listening to us ! 
If you live in the Grants Pass area you can pick up one of our CD's! Located at < PROPFIRST>'s Music for $4 !!! 
You wanna know what a really great song is ? Face Down by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus . Oh and Over The Edge and The End by A Hero Never Dies ! hahaha . 
Added a new member to the gang !!! < PROPFIRST > Aubrey ... he is going to be our Rhythm Guitar !! 
Getting my own car !!! 
Hopefully getting my car by Wednesday !!! 
Not looking forward to tomorrow at all ..... 
Replaced < PROPFIRST > , with < PROPMALE > Bullard ! Welcome aboard ! We have great hope that this will make us something !!! 
I got my own Bass gueeytar tonight !!!! I am going to have to say this ; I am fairly pleased with the the total sum of money I spent for the product I purchased just moments ago . 
I just typed in Still Fly , and the first band to pop up was The Devil Wears Prada , hahaha stupid ass hip hop !!! Fuck Off , your ruining society !!!! 
I remember this one time when I was on myspace , and like I posted a shit load of bulletins and like everyone got pissed off . Well for some reason I am in the mood to not give a fuck and I feel like posting a shit load of news feeds on here and see what people say ! Cause I mean there are some people who post shit about things like every second . Whatever I feel or thinking it's going right on here ! FUCK OFF HATERS ! 
Feeling rebellious ! 
Wish I was not here in GP ! 
I hope my band takes off soon ! 
Starting to run out of ideas ! 
Oh got some new inspiration ! 
Just told my friend to go read my posts ! 
Is this getting annoying yet ? 
I think this is fun , I can see why people do this ! 
Hahaha ! 
I feel \in\ " now I want \ " out \"" 
I feel \out\ " mission accomplished ! " 
I should go to bed .... 
But I am not going to bed ... 
One more post I am done for the night ! yay ! 
Ok so now that you have experienced what I experience every single day , maybe you will keep what you feel inside , because I am sure that NO ONE wants to read what you have to fucking say . God damn people are fucking annoying here ! 
FUCK OFF PEOPLE !!!!!! AND SUCK MY < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! 
If I cared what you say then I wouldn't say this shit ..... so go ahead and talk shit , I am just practicing my right , weather I am being an ass or not ! 
Night everybody ! Tomorrow looks like a fun day ! :) 
Oh god I am in one those moods . The one where I am HYPER and have random mental breakdowns on Facebook ;) Hey if you can't laugh about what you do , how can you expect to make it in life ? 
I think I am joining the Marines ...... 
Here I go again . Sleeping in the hollow depths of my mind , trying to escape this insecurity .... they call it , life ! 
Trying to write a song , and making music to it .... so far .... not so good . The lyrics are GREAT ! It's the music making I can't do ..... I will just stick to playing , not making lol ! 
Why am I always the \friend\ " ? Is it because I understand MOST girls ' problems ? Is it because I don't have A&F looks ? Is it because I care too much ? All I do know is that one day .... I will have my time . " 
I call my self the love guru !!!! which is ironic ... cause I myself have not found love !!!! :D ahaha 
This Christmas is going to be unforgettable !!!! 
This Christmas is going to be unforgettable !!! 
My phone is down ya'll .... I don't even know why it's just being retarded ! 
YEA !!!!! 49ers won bitch tits !!!!!!! 
Somethings are better left unsaid ! 
I just watched the most ridiculous video about two fucking black \niggas\ " talking about how rap is more talented than rock or metal ! HAHAHAHAHAHA and they had the SHITTIEST reasons !!!!! FUCK THEM !!!!!!! WP !!!!!! " 
I think it is time for a revolution people !!!! Lets try to bring Rock , Metal , Punk to the best sounding shit ever !!!! 
Comment if you are not going to school Friday .... 
OH MY GOD LUNCHABLES ARE LIKE CRACK FOR KIDS !!!! 
My uploaded some pics ya'll should check that shit out !!!!!! 
WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH ALL THE CRAZY CARTOON PICS ON PEOPLE'S PROFILE PICS !!!!!!!! 
I would have to say you're between a smoking hot drag < PROPFEMALE > and top seven ass on Baby Got Back monthly ! :D 
My phone has been taken away during the evenings for a week ! So if any of you guys try to text or call me and I don't respond , that is why ! 
My band is looking for some gigs ! If you know you would like for us to play at a party or anything , contact me or < PROPFIRST > Potts , < PROPMALE > Baker , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , or < PROPMALE > Bullard ! 
Getting a haircut tomorrow ! TIME FOR CHANGE !!!! :D 
GOT A HAIR CUT !!! 
TO OUR LITTLE < PROPFEMALE > FAN BASE WHO LISTEN TO OUR SONGS AND SUPPORT US , THANK YOU !!! KEEP SPREADING US AROUND ! 
Just ordered my Christmas presents !!!! :D I love my family ! 
Your tears don't fall , they crash around me ! Bullet fucking rocks ! 
I can't believe I found you ! You are perfect in every way . I love your smile , laugh , face , even your pouty face :P I will love you forever and always ! 
Going through A style change . When I come back , people are going to be like WTF ! But I don't care what anybody thinks ! 
Met < PROPFIRST > , the guy who is going to record for us . TOTALLY EXCITED !!!!!!!!! 
Really looking forward to this Saturday ! 
I need sleep for tomorrow . But when I talk to her , I want to stay up all night ! 
If I were gone , sure people would miss me . But for how long . A day ? A month ? A Year ? How long ? If I have changed so much . Why haven't people noticed ? All I do is give , give , give and I all I get in return is guff and heartache . Maybe it's not me ? Maybe it's everyone else ..... 
Sometimes it's good to be ballsy . 
My new Airsoft gear comes in tomorrow . When it does , here comes Airsofting regularly again ! :D 
Eh . And that's all I got to say about that . 
GOSH DANG IT ! SHOOT ! Everyone keeps logging off AS SOON as I go to send them a message . Lol I feel hated . :/ 
I forgot how much A7X is bad ass ! Top three favorite band now ! 
Thank you guys for all the \Happy Birthdays !!! \ " I had a great birthday ! Went to Matsukaze for dinner ! " 
Guy 1 : \Happy Birthday ! \ " \ 
My world has done a complete 180 since you have entered it ! :D 
MAKING PLANS FOR THIS SPRING BREAK TO RECORD OUR EP ALBUM ! 
Got my phone taken away till Sunday . So if you are trying to get a hold of me . Sorry . Just IM me or send a message on here . 
Listening to Blink-182 , acting like a child , talking to my amazing girlfriend , and have chapstick in my nose ! What could make this night be anymore awesome ?! Maybe some booze , so that way I would have a valid reason for acting like a child and putting chapstick in my nose . :D Hahaha . 
Hmm I wonder if mint chapstick would make your breath smell better ? :D 
GETTING MY PHONE BACK TOMORROW ! 
I hate not having my phone . I just want to say sorry to ANYONE that has tried to reach me ! I am not blowing you guys off . :/ 
I hate coming down off my pills ! I either feel depressed , angry , or down right sarcastic ! People who say ADHD and/or ADD is just an excuse for kids and teens , two words , FUCK YOU !!! Seriously it's not fun ! 
Last night was amazing !!! Best night in forever ..... so far . ;) 
Why are there so many comments about raping a button on the internet , ejaculating in your pants because of music , and cumming out of your ? ears ? \ 
\ 
Seriously , you guys need to get that shit check out .. it's not normal ... 
You know when you ask the question ; Am I in love ? and people respond by saying when you look at that other person and say to your self , \I could see myself growing old with this person . \ " or \ " She is the ' one ' . \ " ....... Well I think I am in love . :D " 
So on Friday night at 12 in the morning , as I was dropping off my girlfriend , I pulled up to her house and noticed the very familiar red and blue lights . Yes , I got pulled over ! :D It was actually pretty freaking sweet !!!! So a good way to start off my Spring Break ; getting pulled over with my girlfriend RIGHT in front of her house . 
