for all of you gamers , look up The Legend of < PROPMALE > 

If < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > drank Brawndo , what would happen ? 
Im lazy as hell , i spent all of last night viewing a web comic 
I have no life , lvl 60 in wow after only 2 weeks 
Avatar was GODLIKE 
WE NEED A < PROPFEMALE > RIGHT NOW !!!!!! 
Nichols College is pretty awesome 
Mrs. Hughes drops the hammer on a procrastinating class . And < PROPMALE > Stewert ( The albino strangler ) choked out < PROPFIRST > Moser for no reason . 
Schindler's List , another quality movie brought to us by Mr. Cohen 
Teavona is now heaven on earth . It is a little tea place in the natick mall . There are free samples at the door . 
I have figured out that I am a good sniper in BC2 
If life gives you lemons , start a fruit stand and make some damn money you freeloader !!! 
It is offical , I am now a Buddhist !!! It is mostly because of Boyscouts and my will to be non-conformist but today I have proof that the < PROPFEMALE > Wheel does spin and does sometimes smite people . < PROPFIRST > Moser got arrested for breaking into someone's house and stealing women's underwear . For those that do not know < PROPFIRST > Moser is a tool and a complete representation of how far our society has fallen . 
The bane of a black wool coat is a long haired white sheding dog that loves to jump on you 
On August 23rd 2010 I will offically be an older brother to a lovely little sister . 
Just heard about an anti-government militia , they posted what they were going to do on the web and they were stopped by the FBI . I wonder why ? 
Will have a 16 < PROPFEMALE > senior paper after Im done formating 
Finally done , 19 pages total 
If someone has a job opening near upton , < PROPFEMALE > , please tell me . 
Might have a job at the camp again this summer , one of the cushy jobs too ! 
Farmville + other Zynga games beat Call of Duty series , Final Fantasy series , Kingdom Hearts series , and Grand Theft Auto series . I am absolutely livid right now . 
Wow , my dad is planing on naming my little sister Lillianna < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Only he would have enough of a sense of humor to make her initals LAW ... Beautiful name otherwise 
WHAT TIME IS IT !?!?!? 
Algebraic 
Valve stays supreme !!! Valve wins the contest for the best video game producer !!! Valve 50.3% ( 13147 ) BioWare 49.7% ( 12988 ) 
Helan , a friend of Grandpa and < PROPMALE > , passed away yesterday at the age of 101 years old . Wake will be Monday Night and the funeral Tuesday morning . 
Met a Nobel Prize Winner today , my mind was blown with what I found out about matter . We are not solid at all , most of our wieght is the force of electrons acting on everything around us . A 150 lb person has about 3lb of actual matter in him , the rest is energy acting on everything around him . 
Computer = mostly fixed . Registy is still denied to me as well as Task manager . Who knows what else is the problem . < PROPFIRST > , get you ass over here now . 
Who is going to be coming tommorrow ? If I don't get an answer of some people by 10:00 pm it may be called off . I need < PROPFIRST > and who is bringing what . 
Due to lack of visible interest , the party is cancelled . 
< PROPFIRST > , mom needs to do stuff to your car . Call her tommorrow with someone's phone . You need to do this stuff before you check emissions and other stuff . Also , mom wants to set up an Eye glass appointment for you . 
depressed that the party somewhat died . 
tempted to sleep , but I think i need to improve my mood before i sleep . really not in the mood for messed up depression dreams tonight . 
Want to organize a trip to < PROPMALE > to pick up the new Dews ? 
A trippy web comic I have just found . Its called Dreamless and it is about an American woman who see through the eyes of a japanese guy whenever she sleeps and viceversa . And as an added twist , this is during World War II . 
\You don’t know how to change your body into mist or a bat . You can’t heal any of your gunshot wounds . And now that you are out of bullets you can’t even defend yourself . You dare to call yourself Nosferatu ? You disgust me ! \ " Lets play NAME THAT QUOTE !!! guess who said the quote above yours and put out one of your own !!! " 
Can someone bring in some of the new Dews so I can try them ? Ill give you a dollar or so per bottle/can . 
Distortion Reigns supreme with me , sorry . 
My mom just told me that the Grappling Hook she ordered for me for Christmas finally came today . Yes , a god damn grappling hook with 30 feet of rope . 
has gained 5 levels of carpentry . 
Portal is free , pick up a copy off of steam !!! DO IT NOW !!!! 
This sucks , the wait for prom to finish so I can go party and see a hypnotist is causing me to go insane . 
have popcorn , content for now 
Getting ready to gamble the night away . 
17 minutes and I will have the 24 hours awake achievement . Then I can go to bed . Screw that damn 36 hours awake achievement , it can burn in hell for all eternity . 
My father is fanatically hating the Westboro Baptist Church . They are now protesting at Dio's funeral . 
Yesterday I believed the world should burn . Today , unfortunately , I got my wish while outside for the day . 
Poured a Distorsion into a glass mug I stole from my Dad's old room at my Mom's house , Distortion looks a lot like Absinthe . Do not know if that is a good or bad thing ... 
From the sky the was a great light . It shown brightly for all around to see . In the center of the light were figures . The light obscured the figures and the figures ' identities were kept secret form all that looked upon them . One of the figures turned to on of their onlookers and threw a net to bind them in place . The light faded and a nightmare was seen by all . 
Won the Hughes Medal of Software . Look what playing Warcraft III can do for you !!!! 
Achievement Unlocked : High School Graduation 
Have you ever had the overwhelming feeling of boredom wash over you because you are not allowed to do anything entertaining because you are charged with fixing a computer that should be brought back behind the shed and lit on fire , shot a few hundred times , then replaced with a $300 computer that would work ten times better and allow the use of Windows 7 instead of massively obsolete Windows XP Professional ? 
need $ 1,200 minimum if everything goes well to pay for my first semester of college . next semester is looking bleak . 
I wonder why the hell I allowed myself to be talked into going alliance ... 
I may drop WoW in favor of either the new Starwars or Warhammer 40k MMOs 
Just watched Akira , lost more hope for humanity ... 
FYI world is getting closer to neural interfaces . Soon we maybe able to atleast have dreadnaught walkers in war . 
I have a week left till work , we need to do something . I am right now busy this weekend and thursday and friday . I leave the 27th of june . 
See you guys on friday night/saturday morning . Going to College Orientation . Sunday I leave for work . If I do not see you , Good Morning , Good Evening , and Good Night !!! 
1 month till I am 18 , 2 months till I am an Eagle Scout and have to go to school again . \ 
Why does the idea of going to school again suck so much but make me giddy with excitement ? Prolly because I am joining the Men's Rugby Club . 
Boredom sucks 
I am looking at the Frostmourne Replica . I want badily . 
I was able to have a conversation with < PROPMALE > Fury this last week ! 
Back for a small window , going back to work in 20 minutes . Birthday on tuesday . Also , my cousins are AWESOME . 
bored , going to barnes then making a proxy deck for fun . 
Back until college , I WANT TO DO SOMEHING NOW !!!! anyone and everyone please talk to me so we can do stuff . 
who wants to do something today ? 
BORED !!!! 
My little Half sister was just born an hour ago . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is officially a Friday the 13th baby . 
Does anyone want to go see the Expendables ? 
7 episodes of code geass ... why is it so addicting ? 
is there an ep 26 of code geass ? 
Code Geass , you have claimed my last 2 days ... BUT I HAVE FINALLY BEATEN YOU !!! Checkmate . 
need something with zombies ... not L4D either ... 
need ... new ... media ... 
I take a stroll down to the dungeon in my basement , where all of my stuff is . Decided to check what was in my minifridge , not expecting anything at all . As I opened it , there appeared a red can . I took that red can and believed it a sign , a sign that God , Server , Cthulhu , Lelouche < PROPFEMALE > Britannia , the Immortal Emperor , or whatever greater power you believe in wants me to have a nice night . 
I just got skype 
facebook places just came out , but you guys are automatically opted in . If you do not want this please disable . pretty much people can tag you into a place at a time . If you are supposed to be somewhere but are not , this is not a good thing . 
Went to Legends in Concert last night . I was awesome . Got to see a MJ impersonator , he did a pretty good job . 
party at my house , really do not want to be here . It is all family who are drinking . 
don't you hate it when the people at a party break up into different groups ? I do , because I am a group of one and end up going to my computer and do random things . 
who has two thumbs and just got his Eagle ? This guy !!! 
I justy watched Paprika , that was an awesome movie . 
Packed and ready to go tomorrow to college . 
taking apart my computer , hopefully i can get internet to work at the dorm . Cya . 
Finally got on to the internet from Nichols using my new Windows 7 Ultimate OS that i got for $30 . 
one problem i see is that EVERYONE is on the internet right now ... what is the website to check your internet speed ? 
im sitting here with an AP and other various paraphernalia mostly peanut butter cracker sandwiches . 
well , i am following to the standards of the Pirate Party political movement now . 
Night guys 
my writing professor is awesome , only one phrase can truly give you a grasp of his awesome . \Captain my Captain . \"" 
Off to day 2 of college . 
is it just me or does the glamor of being at college fade fast ... Though not having to worry about classes until noon tomorrow is pretty nice . 
is it wrong to make a list of computer parts that is $ 5,000 because you are bored ? 
MMMMM . I LOVE Moxie . 
So I just figured out that the Baldur's Gates and Neverwinter Games are based in the Forgotten Realms Campaign setting . And all of the cities are there . 
I'm about to watch the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Movie while drinking Moxie because I have nothing better to do ... 
I am currently blasting Deadmau5 - Ghosts n ' Stuff into the hall of my Dorm . I am so epic right now . 
I love the college internet , when it is not clogged by everyone on skype . 
Because I am going for a total reconstruction of myself , I am starting a blog . I just need somewhere vent my worries and what makes me sad . 
#1 achievements of the day , got dragged to McD's and did not want anything , mainly because I do not have enough money to eat from the dollar menu , and got my summer reading book signed by the author . I am a semi underachiever . 
going home , if you want to do something call 1-774-545-0642 . That is my cell . The house is 1-508-529-4924 . 
I am now addicted to robotech ... 
Just finished ep 20 of robotech , i need sleep ... 
going back to the dorm . shame on anyone that was around in Upton that did not come see me . 
I love Steam , it is my friend . 
this has been my day ... woke up , found out someone put a condom on my door handle . Went to classes and joined the Accounting , Theater , and Dance clubs . Dance was because theater and dance was at the same table and the person was yelling at me to join . 
I hate < PROPFEMALE > Wars Galaxies because the sub space travel is so slow ... 
Oh Steam , looking out for all of us Lazy Sods with your auto video card updates . 
I just got back from Boston , where I went with a friend to go see a friend . 
I just watched an unveiling and the first 1.5 levels of Reach . I am actually upset I do not have an Xbox to play it . 
I am now addicted to listening to Epic Sax Guy . Why did you have to show me the existence of him < PROPMALE > ? 
I am a reach addict ... 1 hour and 15 minutes of my life on my first solo Fire Fight . 
I love Red vs Blue . 
I have to respect WoW for one reason , there is an entire 2 weeks completely dedicated to getting completely smashed and beating people with tankards . 
I am having my mind blown by Pendulum right now . 
I really want to get Lightwave 10 . Only problem is the $500 price tag ... 
I hurt ... I hate you fitness room , I HATE YOU !!!! I will be back tomorrow to show you how much I hate you !!! 
I am bored , time to get drunk and beat things in Brewfest . Don't worry it is a part of WoW . 
Night All 
Who has two thumbs and just completed his first accounting test in 15 minutes while getting everything right ? This Guy !!! 
I went to see Wall Street Money Never Sleeps and it was a good movie . Only problem was the crappy ending . 
BE HALLOWEEN ALL READY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will be in Upton this weekend until Tuesday . Come one and all because I will not have my computer . This means you < PROPFIRST > . 
Going back to upton at 3:30 . Call 508-529-4924 to make plans . Will be there about 5:00 
Changing my translation to 1337 5p34k made me realise how much of a nerd I am . Is it bad that I can read it as well as english ? 
I am so bored right now . Even watching Robotech got boring . 
I am BORED !!!!! * insert fire breathing * 
Heading back to nichols soon . 
And now I'm back . 
Why is it not 4pm yet ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
FOOOOOOOOD 
In a new dorm room 
Last night I helped bring down the stage of We the Kings , is is bad that I have no idea who they are ? 
My Father is the most epic guy in the whole entire world . He just got me Fallout : New Vegas !!!! 
I hate you Legion , the only reason you live is to be looted by me . 
just finished 48 hours of fallout : new vegas . I have beaten you and now I will beat you again !!!! 
So I was just invited to go to this Sunday's Patriots Game . I am going and the irony abounds . 
is it bad that I am giving my roommates lessons on Cthulhu ? 
A fat girl just randomly entered my room , when the lights are off , at midnight , and without any logical cause . Why can't a decently attractive girl do that ? 
I was just on an aerobic bike for 40 minutes . Afterwards I felt like I could run from zombies all day . Then I got back to my room and sat down and I felt like I was about to die . Why does this somehow make sense to me ? 
I feel like just giving up on a love life . I'm tired of just being seen as the \older brother \"." 
I have given up my Patriots Ticket to go trick or treating with a girly . 
Dad , when Jumpgate evolution comes out , I will have to get it for you . And yes , I will force you to restart or rejoin Cruentis Legio . If I am able to join or not is besides the point . 
I need something to occupy me . Right now I have resorted to facebook quizzes 
For all of you out there that love Sci-fi , two companies are now competing with each other over who makes the better Power Armor . Also , there is now a tractor beam that can move small pieces of matter a meter and a half using only light . Isn't life grand ? 
Fist of the North < PROPFEMALE > , I am bringing it to Nichols . My roommates lol . 
Rubber Baby Bonky Bumpers . 
I am in a Big Brother mood right now ... I wonder if it is because I just saw my little sister for the first time today . 
I .... Am ... BORED !!!!!!!!!!! 
I have a new political party that I feel I can really get behind . 
I will now sleep so I can function in New York Tomorrow . 
This will summarize my trip to NY :\ 
I Want\ 
N Y\ 
to die in a fire . 
My mom just dropped by with a Pistachio Cream Pie . Do not try to bring logic into this because it just works and it is delicious . 
Seahorses forever !!! 
Finally have classes , will be late to next class . Stopped caring about 5 minutes ago . 
Going back to Upton Tuesday at about 5:00 pm . 
I have a whoopie pie , all is right with the world . 
I ... Have ... STRING CHEESE !!!!!!!!!! 
Back for the remainder of the week . Soon I will be going out again but like a bean burrito , I will return !!!! 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? Your on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
HAPPY TURKEYDAY !!!!!!! 
I am registered for AB 2011 , anyone want to group up and get a hotel together ? 
I just got done with theater ... we started at 7:45 pm ... It is 12:40 now ... FML 
Alien Swarm is not letting me play ... SAD PANDA !!! 
TIME FOR FOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Guys , I have a bad case of owning Horde ... 
tomorrow a great cataclysm will occur ... 
College life has its Gems . I just got back from Theater practice and what do you think was there to great me ? One of my friends left a film of questionable content on my keyboard . Got to love the Christmas spirit !!! 
Finally done with theater this semester . Next semester , only doing one role and that is final . 
I want to play wow but I do not have Cataclysm so it is not worth it ... 
All Nighter FTW !!! 
There I finally have a picture of me as my Profile Pic 
Time for a Final 
One more final 
One problem with finals ... THERE IS NOTHING TO DO !!!! 
I found a manga that revolved around all of the world leaders playing mahjong . And Hitler appears after taking the < PROPFEMALE > and achieving Super Aryan . WTF is wrong with you Japan ? 
Finished my last final , In ten minutes !!! 
Packing up and heading home . 
* insert \Feeling Good\ " by < PROPFIRST > Buble here * " 
Double Rainbow !!! 
I hate vacations in Upton for one reason ... THERE IS NOTHING TO DO !!!!!!!!!! 
Hurry up and be Christmas , I want my free stuff and free food . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , May you bag yourself a nice 20 Point Reindeer tonight !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is amazing . 
I have no problem with someone who is not good at something but is trying to figure out how to do said thing . However , when that said person who has no idea what they are doing is criticizing how I am doing something angers me to the point of wanting to banish them to a special hell . A hell for child molesters and those that talk in theaters . A special hell . 
I have the urge to get Minecraft , but I do not have a credit card to buy it ... 
The basement seems so empty now .... The three week sleepover has ended . 
no matter what you say , Tron was a decent movie . I did not look at it as a sequel or as something that had a unique story . As a stand alone movie , with a decent plot , it was a decent movie that I was fine spending money on . 
quote of the day . \Hunting Games are only popular in the states that the rest of the United States try to forget about . \"" 
\Sometimes main stream things are main stream for a good reason . Like they are actually good . Other times it is because they have Will Smith in them . \"" 
Catface has the face of a cat , and the body of a cat . 
I have fallen victim to the shojo ... 
Upton , I say goodbye . Now to go to a place where more activity happens . 
Minecraft is stealing my soul ... 
Ramen , breakfast of champions . 
Have a server for Minecraft , trying to make a map , but I fail ... 
I am using Facebook while playing < PROPMALE>'s \ 
mod ... 
Spinal Tap rocks . 
The Boondock Saints is a great movie . 
Quick Poll :\ 
Who would win , the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Empire or the Warhammer 40k Empire 
Here is a question\ 
\ 
If Stormtroopers fought Redshirts , Who would win ? 
An animated film that definitely is a must see , Grave of the Fireflies . You will cry . 
I really want to play Red Alert 1 right now ... 
Just saw Ultramarine : The Movie ... Do Not Watch It . It sucked more than a Slanneshian Cultist . 
So last night someone other than me changed my WoW password . They are so going to be pissed when they find out there is no time on the account and that I have absolutely nothing of value . 
Hey Guys , when is Helpdesk Dinner ? 
In Upton and bored , someone come grab me . 
I was just reminded of Help desk and the amount of ID 10T errors I had to deal with ... 
In upton , busy for today but can do stuff tomorrow . 
Why are the Mandalorians so awesome ? 
Crap , i am losing my soul to Minecraft again . 
The dude abides 
Defragmenting my computer takes FOREVER !!! 
I have a pretty good < PROPMALE > of having a job this summer . My job interview today went pretty good . 
1.5 - 1.6 mb/s steam download ... KICKASS !!! 
I am now going as Wash to Anime Boston . 
Class Canceled . EPIC WIN !!! 
brb Dining Hall has Bacon !!! 
Avenue Q was awesome . I love College . 
