is attempting to watch a movie ... attempting 

cant wait to get out of this place 
has an interview tomorrow and will be back in Michigan by next wednesday ... probably . Yay ! 
had an interview ... who knows . me on a phone interview sounds very similar to a retarded hyena 
last day of work today , definitely looking forward to 7 
is finally back in Michigan . Feels good ! 
hates having to clean up the messes i make in the kitchen 
is getting the hookup at Mangiamos hopefully its going to go somewhere 
finished my first day of \work\ " not too bad " 
i wish i didnt have to work i really want to see the end of michigan state totally beating michigan !... sad 
has a cold that seems to be getting progressively worse ... seriously , i am working at Mangiamo's for one week and I'm already sick and feeling like a slacker ... FML 
is totally going to win the pumpkin carving contest at work ... until now , i probably just jinxed it 
just got back from the hospital where i had to get stitches in my hand ... possibly the worst day ever . i need some strong pain killers right about now 
cant decide which feels worse ; the stiches or the tetanus shot :( 
saw the Nutcracker and it was really good , totally going again next year 
has stitches in her thumb yet again 
took the stitches out and my thumb looks like crap now ... just what i wanted 
good luck usa and canada 
I don't think its possible for me to be more frustrated , annoyed or angry ... and I still have to work tonight so yay 
just need 4 more clicks on the coop if you know what i mean ;) 
can't believe crosby was the one to win it for them ... sad 
the sickness is slowly starting to go away ... about time 
hates when you start to fell better only to become more sick than when you started 
is not eating ice cream for at least a month . Hudsonville was fun but I think I'll be full for a month . 
hoping Michigan State takes out Tennessee 
2 days until Wicked ... so excited 
that stupid poker game ... im ... just so pissed off 
Theres just so much hope * tear * 
Stupid Hershey is still screwing me over ! How can you not fax me my W-2 ? Id say thats more secure then just popping it in the mail . 
Oh Glee ... you're already pissing me off . It's going to be a long season . 
world pastry cup tryouts at CC this weekend ! excited ! 
Mrs. Potato Head ... a carrot baby ?! Not cool ... Not Cool ! 
well the parents are officially divorced apparently judging by my moms \single status\ " ... weird " 
GVSU graduations + mangiamos means fml 
no more darts for a while my arm is killing me ! 
have you not heard ? It's my understanding that everyone's heard .... 
Oh that woomba snatchcleaner 
sleep ... what a wonderful , wonderful prospect 
< PROPFEMALE > White's on SNL in ten minutes ... so excited 
Nobody likes a dry muffin 
no more work for at least 36 hours ... thats nice , real nice 
I'm just AP , thats how I roll bia 
my gnomes got his street cred now 
I just ate a grape 
they call me mellow yellow ... 
Rent is starting in less than half an hour , the set looks amazing and I'm so excited . 
Rent was capital A Amazing ! 
just finished the book you dirty birdy ... 
Well even though my arm is killing me my Wii addiction is getting the best of me ... I don't know how to control myself ! 
Fejnch quarter amells like weed in her .... hmmm 
It's weird that you can sleep in a waterbed for years but still forget the best way to get in and out of one 
no work til next week ... what a wonderful thing 
just got back from the Steampunk Convention ... definitely had a good time 
of course my day had to finish with a nice policewoman writing me a ticket ... awesome 
Paying close to $1500 to fix my car so I'm officially not going to have a life for a few months 
< PROPFEMALE > won game one woot woot 
someday my sunburned legs will stop hurting without the help of five pounds of aloe 
that was a close call . i dont like tornadoes touching down only a mile away from me , no i dont 
going golfing and hopefully shaking off some stress ... yea that'll be the day 
Once you go black you go deaf 
\Cool Whip ! \ " \ 
why must they always have some humane society commercial on when I watch tv ? im already broke and I cant afford to keep getting roped into saving all these animals and yet i still do ... oh those clever clever tv commercial maker people 
why are spiders so sneaky ? they wait until youre helpless and in bed and then they make their move and take you by surprise and THEN if you arent already freaked out they disappear and then you are left wondering where they are lurking waiting to strike again and then you cant really just lay back down because they are prepared for that ... tricky , tricky spiders ! 
free slurpies for everyone !! 
more important than slurpies however ... my dutch are totally winning the world cup ! 
alright im officially beyond my breaking point with these spiders ! they are attacking me in the shower now ! See !! they wait until youre at your weakest and make their move .. evil douchey spiders 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > Powell and I were at the same party ... toatallly weird 
really cant handle it sometimes ... 
> < /P Emo smiley ... figure it out 
Supreme diggity 
and then there was work ... again 
never realized how boring relaxing is 
Childrens Hospital is on tonight ... awesomeness ! 
to stop watching Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives at night its like a sick form of torture 
yo soy a trabajar ... yay 
pickle making commences in t minus 20 minutes 
finally done pickling for the night ! BUT I still have to make my spicy pickles tomorrow night ... totally looking forward to it 
Dress shopping was a success , awesomeness 
should not have taken that nap earlier . now im wide awake and due at work in less than 8 hours ... boo 
Hope you like prison food and penis 
is closing all of her bank accounts and going off the grid ... this is just getting ridiculous . 
has a dog taking up 3/4 of my bed and a cat paw on my face ... lovely 
Loves her some tree babies 
I guess its off to mulligans and then farahs 
what a good time i had sleeping through my entire day 
... that is all 
JC : I'm Mexican , I got the swine 
Just got back from a very ... interesting night out and is totally ready for some sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > says : And maybe I have a thing for J .... 
Well I guess with that last play by MSU means I officially get to brag ... heh heh heh 
8 guess 230 OS a good time for tacos ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > will one day control the masses using the power of their gaggle of Monkey Bats ... that's right , they will be a gaggle 
When life gives you lemons , you put them in a pillowcase and beat the crap out of all of the stupid people giving you those lemons 
I love my patriots 
Nicole : I have 4G up here that's crazy . Do you know what the G means ? \ 
Me : no\ 
Nicole : me either ... 
Helping where you can makes you feel much better than a little extra money in your pocket ever will 
This is LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Post if you have an amazing sister ! 
$5.75 drink at bdubs\ 
$9.50 ticket for midnight screening of paranormal activity 2\ 
Sitting in the very front row with scared Stacy ... priceless 
Birthday drinking at farahs woot woot 
I met lgdhgaaga 
Where's the morning after drinking dislike button ? 
Waking up today I decided < PROPFEMALE > is my favorite person ever ... no work makes < PROPFEMALE > a happy girl 
cant wait until I can quit my job .. it's overly ridiculous now 
Is about to spend the next hour and a half pumping blood out of my body ... yay 
why can i never like greys anatomy for more than one episode ?! i mean really ... wtf 
It's snowing ! Only a < PROPFEMALE > bit but you can see it , yay ! 
Annonymous : \Because I asked her to hook me up with someone 
this new ' see friendship ' thing on facebook creeps me out just a < PROPMALE > bit 
omg , has anybody ever noticed that kid rock and snoop dogg look completely alike ... only different races obviously . but still ... weird 
First day at bluewater woot 
and so i became a multi-job person ... im not sure how i feel about this anymore haha 
And I blame video , for killing the radio < PROPFEMALE > 
Look ! It's GOJIRA !!! 
Get to work and there's no power ... got to love the waiting game 
painting bathroom #1 ... forgot how hard painting actually was between the taping , and unscrewing and painting above your head .... curse trading spaces for making me believe it happened so fast 
pre-thanksgiving cooking , check , enough time to actually have a little bit of energy for actual thanksgiving cooking ... not a < PROPMALE > 
Good turkey always ends with a patchy recollection of the days events thanks to on and off sleeping ... but its always worth it 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
On my way to the MSU basketball game woot 
hat a sad sad day it is , RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielson , I'll be watching some Mr. Magoo in your honor 
May the Force be with you < PROPMALE > Kershner 
Yay snow on the ground its officially okay for me to leave for Florida now 
Florida bound in t-minus ... 2 hours and 48 minutes 
is at somewhere near 30,000 feet in the air right now ... weird 
well this is just getting boring ... 
just got back from universal . the wizzarding world of < PROPMALE > potter was actually pretty cool and ill just admit it ... i got a wand ... 
Hitting up Tampa today , going to be a fun one 
Well its alright rained a little bit today but I'm on my way to magic kingdom so I'm not going to let it bring me down 
Pluto 23 
In line for splash mountain ... what was I thinking :( 
Who's going to see captain eo today ? That's right , bout to get my old school mj on 
I'm really hating MGM like with a Passion 
Riding home first class ... not a bad ending to a good vacation 
i can see the snow on the ground ... maybe we could just not land and head back to florida ... 
\So then I had to figure out how to move a bunch of wet tampon boxes ... \ " love quality time with my sister " 
The vobs line a giant orgy ... eierd 
rum and vodka with a splash of sprite 
My dad just used the term \double-bagger\ " ... too weird " 
Oh little kidney stone , why must you come and pick the perfect time to ruin my life ? 
Well I lost 4 lbs overnight ... not as happy about that as you would think 
best conversation starter ever ! :\ 
\ 
\elves live forever ! \ " ... awesome " 
woot woot Green and Yellow 
... why did somebody decide to make a new Hobbit movie ? now im learning about the differences in elf clans or whatever ... im not even involved in this conversation and I feel like a complete nerd 
Stacy : throwing bows ? I just thought it meant throwing rainbows ... like everythings okay ... 
Four days of work down , probably eleven more to go before my next day off ... hopefully 
How is it possible to work eight days a week and still have no money 
I lied , eight days down , at least twelve to go ... bleh 
found an awesome new apartment i could be moving into in april . crossing my fingers monday goes good 
Longest five minutes of my life right now ... 
I officially have my own apartment now 
t minus 11 hours and 36 minutes until i see Battle : Los Angeles ... oh yea , so excited 
FYI , Battle : Los < PROPFEMALE > was amazing 
Why MSU , why are you determined to lose ? 
How in the world did I manage to get Thursday night off without even asking ?! 
Szamb and coley , taking the lanes by storm ... or light mist ... 
Stacy : Nobody actually likes Kashi . \ 
Me : I like Kashi ... \ 
Stacy : Thats because youre a a hippie ! \ 
Me : ... 
About to go see Sucker Punch , so excited ! 
Totally in love with greys right now 
work work work ... yay ... 
