I miss my boy . It's not the same around here without him . 

A bumper sticker I saw today read \There is a place in this world for all God's creatures .... next to the mashed potatoes . \"" 
I'm thankful . 
2009 ... no ... no .... I won't let go !!!! Whaaah 
oh here comes 2010 ... Well how are you doin ? 
Says It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for at least one hour !! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 Billboard song ... Copy and paste with your #1 song : Good Lovin ' by The Young Rascals 
Snow on da ' ground ..... snow on da ' ground ..... Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground .... look at ya now - car spinnin around ..... drivin like a fool wit da ' snow on Da ground !!!... Slow it down .... then copy -n- paste - n- pass it around !!!!! 
Please , no more snow pics . Anyone have warm sun and sand pics !! 
I am off to shovel my driveway ....... So the ambulance can get in to get me !!!! 
Obviously , my son joined the Air Force in 2008 so he wouldn't have to help us shovel today !!! 
? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER(S ) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > the Grouch are now friends . 
Can anyone tell me how to get to sesame street ? 
Going to watch Fireproof at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s! 
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population . 
Don`t think that you`re thinking . If you think that you're thinking you only think that you're thinking . 
Eagles may soar , but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines . 
We are doomed ! 
You can't have everything , where would you put it ? 
It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end , someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who are suffering from ' needs a smack upside the head ' . People who ' need a smack upside the head ' affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who ' needs a smack upside the head ' , except ...... a smack upside the head , but we ... can raise awareness about it . 
Had a fair game of Frisbee Golf with < PROPFIRST > . She kicked my but though . I'm sure a rematch is in order !!! 
A single fact can spoil a good argument . 
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ... today I caught 5 fish alive !!!! 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ... the warden made me put them back again . 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone\ 
please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends\ 
birthplaces are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your\ 
place of birth at the end of this sentence . Baltimore , MD 
Happy Mothers Day ! ( as if every day isn't Mothers day . ) just kidding ! LOL ! 
OK Everyone off the computer ! Go outside and play !!!! ( I sound like my mother !?! ) 
Today's < PROPMALE > News Post has my boy's engagement announcement . Where has the time gone ... 
Never let a computer know you’re in a hurry . 
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you . 
Love is .... we get knocked down , but we get up again , ain't never gonna hold us down . 
It's so hot I've sweat stuff I haven't drank yet !!! 
Yeah I'm 21 today !!!!!...................... Just today ... tomorrow I'll probably be back in my 40's 
If there is a fork in the road always take it . You never know when someone will offer you pie ! 
Today is the last day that I will think of as the first day of the rest of my life . ( or maybe not ) 
My Baby boy gets married tomorrow . Where has time flown . :) 
You will be happy to know < PROPFEMALE > ' swimmy ' < PROPFIRST > is doing fine !!! 
My Boy has been married for a whole week !!!! 
I love my family . They rrrrrrrrrrrrrr grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat !!! 
Carilynn drove , I survived . A good day ! 
Who needs enemies . We often don't show respect for our political system . Our elected officials deserve respect , if we voted for them or against them . They stand as a symbol of < PROPFEMALE>'s greatness . Would we wish the flag harm . Or bumpersticker the flag with the date out of office . Obama and Bush deserve our utmost respect even if we disagree with them . Patriot or Traitor ... depends on our actions . 
Yay !!! 1 more day then off to Mexico ! 
Whee !!!! 
Mexico is AMAZING !!!! 
WOW ! What a July . NJ for an awesome wedding , home with flu like symptoms , Mexico for an awesome vacation , home with ear and sinus infection . I better dig in for August ! 
When I feel like complaining about work , I think about all the people in the world who wish they had my Job . God is good . Thank you God for my Job . 
Rejoice ! For today is the day the Lord has made !!! 
Today's my UnBirthday !!!!!! 
PICNIC IN THE PARK TODAY ! 3- 7 p.m. FCOB Baker Park Band Shell . This is a FREE event and concert open to everyone . Four time Dove Award winner and Grammy nominated Pillar will be headlining along with Stellar Kart , and Living Water . In addition to the music , there will be hot dogs , chips , ice cream , inflatables , kids games and gifts , all for FREE ! 
Hello ! 
:( 
:| 
DON\T READ THIS POST ! " 
So , so very tired . :( 
Another sinus infection , YEA !!!!! 
Is pizza a pie or an entree , is sweet potato pie a pie or a vegetable , will chicken POT pie make you high .... 
Remember where you were ? 
9:00 PM EST History Channel 9/11 102 minutes that changed < PROPFEMALE > . 
ALL VOTERS LIKE THIS !!! 
I am sooo frustrated today >:/ 
I insist on a great day ! 
:| ~ 
Anyone know and/or recommend a good paving company for my driveway ? 
Yay !!! I didn't get hit by a truck and die today !!! 
Thank you God for all my blessings . 
The Stinkbugs came from < PROPFEMALE > . We should send them all our spiders ! 
Some people are just looking for something to complain about . I would like to help them ...... complain about this !!!! 
Walkersville Girls Varsity Soccer 1-0 over < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Had just about enough of life . 
catscan of sinus ' today . 
Cat scan results show I do not have a cronic sinus infection . Just a regular one . ( for the eighth time this year ) Thanks for all your prayers . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops ... 
Honest Criticism is hard to take , especially from a close relative , friend , aquantence , or someone you don't know . 
Argh !!! 
Congratulations to My Son < PROPFIRST > ! He is a Sr. Airman Today ! 
Kids\ 
with special needs are not sick or gross .. They only want what we want -\ 
to be accepted . Can I make a special request ? Is anyone willing to post\ 
this and leave it on their status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special \ 
Education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique . 
Golly golly gee , golly golly giggle . I wish Thanksgiving turkey only cost a nickle !!!! 
Very proud of Carilynn . Inducted in the National Honor Society tonight !!! Go Girl !!! 
They say \if a cat always lands on it's feet ......... you must not be throwing it right ! \"" 
oooo I Hate that Rabbit !!! 
When driving up a hill in snow please do not brake or go 2 < PROPMALE > an hour . ( even with awd or 4wd ) . Allow the forward momentum of the vehicle to keep from sliding . Those behind you will have to stop , then not be able to move again . ARGHHHHHHHHH !!!!!............ thank you I feel better now . 
Women , can anyone explain them to me ? 
Ho Ho Ho ! 
Welcome Baby Jesus !!!! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun :) 
It's me week !! If you are a beutiful me , that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . You will be with you for a lifetime . 
I am so excited to have seen a Bald Eagle at the Biggs Ford Road Bridge over the Monocacy !!! 
Wow , went to collect an overdue invoice ( from June ) Guy not only refused to pay but tore up my invoice in little pieces and threw them in my face . Then threatened me . What language ... all for 200 bucks . 
:o ( Bwaaaaaaaa ! I miss my boy ! 
Basket Bingo today at 2:00 pm Ladiesburg VFD Support Walkersville SOCCER . I expect to see everyone today !!! 
Has anyone any information about the National Collegiate Scouting Association ? 
I am sorry to everyone on the Journey Awana Team but I lost all the video files . It appears the world has moved on and left me behind . Digital media is beyond me . 
has decided that from this day forward I will be knon as < PROPFIRST > Jalapeno ........ on a STEEK ! 
Mathmatical puzzler ..... If you take any number and subtract the number that is two < PROPFIRST > lower you will always end up with the #2 !!! Try it , it works !!! 
Son called my today and told me I am going to be a grandpa .............. then said april fool . He got me , but good . 
Home from < PROPFEMALE > College for the weekend . I should have earned credits for that trip . 
