wants someone to give her a million dollars so she can go on a srs shopping spree , thanks . 

sobs so jealous at the moment , though D: bff ftw y/y ? 8D 
totally just meant to post her status as a message on someone's wall . 
has the day off , and so far has done absolutely nothing productive with it . 
wants to have artificial fungi spawn with Suze 8D 
needs to stop staying out until two and three in the morning when she has to be up before six for work . 
can't decide whether she should go to bed early and be functional at work tomorrow , or stay up late and be productive . 
just got home from a spontaneous camping trip with the family and dogs . 
feels like writing :D 
is restless and wants to do something fun in the next few days . 
strongly dislikes being made to do yardwork when it's hot out and is now sunburned . she thanks her father for this ~ 
wants netizens to burn alive and < PROPFIRST > to return to 2PM before they completely fall apart . 
has animal crackers and a job interview . 
just spent the evening out with Katlin Whitefire :D 
has her follow-up job interview at the bank in a few hours :) 
is so happy to see the rain again ~ 
is about to brave the mall to go Christmas shopping with < PROPFEMALE > . wish her luck . 
has realized that tea + good music + < PROPFIRST > Koontz novel on a night off = happiness . 
wishes it would hurry up and be like 75 degrees out , kthx 
is exhausted ... 
: I've been amused by this whole ~ celebrity doppleganger ~ thing everyone's been doing ... according to MyHeritage's celebrity look-a-like generator , I look like < PROPFEMALE > Johanson which is obviously ridiculous . so out of curiosity , I'd love to know who YOU guys think I resemble :) 
totally just got dumped by Suze for some hot Korean guy . THANKS A LOT BABE . I SEE WHAT OUR LOVE MEANT TO YOU . T T 
has to work on her day off . boo . 
is happy to no longer smell of dirt and campfire smoke . 
finds it both amusing and pathetic that \grown-up\ " customers would start a full-blown screaming match in the middle of a grocery store over somebody cutting in line . " 
has finally discovered the appeal of MBLAQ and has just stayed up too late falling half in love with them :( 
was going to post about how she has a loaf of French bread and someone needs to take it away from her before she eats it all , and then scanned her news feed only to realize that EVERYONE seems to be posting about food tonight . 
has discovered that pedicures and Vietnamese food make for great quality time with the best friend & hearts ; 
does not want to be up in five hours :( 
had a pretty awesome day with some pretty awesome friends :D & hearts ; 
is off to the doctors ' for an update on her burn 
loves sushi and window shopping with the best friend & hearts ; 
officially goes back to work tomorrow . 
wasn't particularly impressed with the Starlight Parade , but given < PROPFEMALE > for company and Korean food for dinner , had an overall good night :D 
would really like to crawl back into bed and sleep for the remainder of the morning . This likely has something to do with the average of four hours of sleep she's been getting the past several nights . 
had a fantastic time at the Miyavi concert . kind of really loves him . is amazed at his guitar skills and stage performance . can't stop LOLing at < PROPFEMALE>'s \YOU MEAN HE ISN'T GAY ?? \ " . wishes it had been longer . is covered in sweat ( yuck ) . is still on a concert-high . can't wait for his new album to come out . can't pick a status . " 
thinks that the calendar has been lying to her because there is no way THIS is the end of June ... where's the sunshine ?? 
just ate pretty much an entire bag of veggie Pirate's Booty & hearts ; 
has found that sushi , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > as the Court Jester are the cure for a sour mood :D 
has just finished day eight of her ten day work week ... only two more to go ! oh , and her cell phone is officially deceased . 
spent a little over half an hour picking blueberries tonight ....... and now has nine new spider bites . lovely . 
thinks CL makes a ridic hot blonde . that is all . 
is spending her Sunday night off listening to < PROPFIRST > Bocelli and cleaning house :) 
is about to begin her second baking spree of the week :D 
does not want to work today :( but does want snow :) 
: I have to wonder why the cat assumes that hissing and swatting at me will convince me to change my mind and let her sit in my lap ... 
has the most beautiful computer in the world *___* 
does not want to be at work right now ... :( 
is off to the parents for Christmas #2 ! 
