Yes , it's a new year ! and this is my first post of the year , so it should be something meaningful and well thought out , and- ah , who the hell am I kidding . HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 

well , it's officially day 2 of 2010 , by my clock anyways . nothing too exciting , though new years < PROPFEMALE > through new years day was entertaining . 
is bored out of his mind . 
what is this place ? I write here ? I can do that . Um .... Hi ? 
is eating cream cheese while listening to Muse . 
is moaning and groaning over a headache from being bashed around playing whirly ball . ( and owning at it too ) 
considers the concept of sleeping before midnight ... 
then utterly disregards his previous notion , for it was too ridiculous . 
says ' ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ ' ( it's past midnight so I'm cool to sleep . ) 
answered 4 out of 15 questions correctly .... and still got an IQ of 140 . 
has nothing on his mind , currently . 
changes his mind to Final Fantasy 12 . ( for the love of Moogles ! ) 
has started playing Final Fantasy Fables : Chocobo's Dungeon . 
goes to play chocobo dungeon 
got clothes in a big bag 
I'm some what of a loner . at least my imaginary friends keep me sane . 
has been told that face book would dominate his life . However ..... he isn't on very commonly , not compared to most of his friends that is . 
honestly . if you've ever done drugs before , could you just raise your hand and tell me ? I imagine it'd be interesting to see the results . 
And so begins the year of 2011 . I wonder what this year holds . Rather , I should say I worry . 
enjoys drinking Dr Pepper 
supposes one of the reasons he isn't addicted to face book is because he isn't close to the top on his friends ' must talk to ' list . as a result , there is not much reason to waste time on said site . To be fair , I don't really do anything worth talking about , so I suppose it's to be expected . /shrug/ 
is getting ready for Boy Scouts . 
is strongly considering taking a real picture for his profile . Unfortunately , he can't find the foot to attach to his camera to put it on the tripod . 
since I apparently didn't update it ... yes , I have new pictures . 
has found great interest in the stock market , and will pursue it with gusto . 
was standing out in the rain and cold after the basket ball game for half an hour ..... Thanks dad , for being on time . 
really needs to sleep ... but he can't . 
has taken a liking to indian-esque music , in particular someone named Daler Mehndi . yes , he was in tunak tunak tun . 
Hey , if any one has video ideas , I'm generally open for helping . I like to film , and I want to find out if I'm any good at it . 
The Snuggiez ! a product so mind numbingly retarded I imagine it's inception was something like this : Female : < PROPFEMALE > , you put your bathrobe on backwards ; are you drunk ? Male : NO IT'S A BLANKET WITH SLEEEEEEEVES !!!! now go make me a sammich . Female : Hey , this isn't the 50's . I have rights now . Male : Bitch ! make me a sammich ! 
Which was undoubtedly followed by physical abuse , several harrassment lawsuits , a restraining order , a revoked marriage , and a very annoying commercial for a stupid product that promises you a flashlight despite the obvious abundance of light in the room . ( watch the commercial , you can read the text just fine , she doesn't need a damn book light . ) 
is glad that there is still one day of freedom from school left . 
wrote , and is writing a story . it has received positive reviews from everyone that has read it so far . that's a good ..... what , 6 , 7 people ? 
so ... I got an honesty box . I can't wait to be flamed/given hatred by anonymous people . it ought to give me some insight on improvements , at least . 
at 5:00 Am , January 21st , 2010 , I awoke to the sounds of my parents fighting . hoping it was nothing , I quickly discovered that the end result of this fight may very well mean the splitting of the family Loeffelbein ( dad ) and Jamesson ( mom ) . to those of you who don't understand , I'm talking of course , about divorce . Because of this , the next few days of my life will , in all likeliness , be quite emotionally trying . 
an update : they're sleeping in the same room , so it's not as bad as I originally thought . I've yet to be through such a thing , so I don't know what to expect . perhaps my mind blew it out of proportion ...? one can only hope . 
that was a pretty epic basketball game . went to over time , scored the points with five seconds left , other team couldn't make it up . 
is currently in the shower . forward all of my calls and messages into my box . 
forgot to say he was out of the shower awhile ago . 
adores his new hat . it's a fox hat ! 
Paranoia agent . entertaining . should watch , yes . interesting views on human reactions in some episodes , not too sure about others , just started watching . 
hey hey , you should all say something in my honesty box . ( except < PROPMALE > , I'm sure it'd be something offensive or derogatory ) 
... it's terrifying . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH5ay10RTGY 
just divided by zero . Oh shi- 
Whenever I see those ASPCA commercials , or any of those animal commercials in general , ( e.g. the ones that beg for your money to help the needy and abused animals ) I always think .... so what about the children that are in the same , and worse conditions ? 
so , paranoia agent is still pretty epic . 
and with the recent crash of a vehicle directly into shorecrest , many people ( that I know , anyways ) are left with questions : Who did it ? Why did they do it ? where the hell did the car stop ?? ( popular opinion points to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s office ) 
and the photos are up again , you must away to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > to understand the extent of the damage . 
learned that white gas stoves are win for pyros . Pre-heating involves creating a huge soccer ball sized flame . 
sleeping in a snow cave . warm , yet cold at the same time . 
philosophy is pretty cool , though I dislike shorecrest with it's apparent lack of books . at least , a lack of the ones my friends suggested . 
one good thing about being in an inferior math class .... you always feel so much smarter than everyone else . 
so we're taking care of a papillon now . adorable breed of dog , giant ears . she's 16 ... weeks ? months ? one or the other . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > . ..... I hope that wasn't from twilight . 
since when is illiteracy cool ? I'm referring , of course , to the modern ' gangsta ' . 
has started playing Bioshock . so I'm late , how many years ? 
So Girls basket ball totally dominated the other team ... Obviously because pep band was there . Go Band ! 
has discovered that applying for SCC running start and such , when the application process is finished on the 15th , ( 2 days ) is a bad idea . Stress ... 
Ugly Americans is a pretty cool show . 
I made a box for white day . Now to put stuff in it ... Oh , btw , this is all despite the fact that white day was awhile ago . 
and Co . took first place in the second level of the japanese skit contest ! Not only that , but the third year students also took first place . We won by a landslide , judging by the fact that at the end of our skit , everyone was standing and cheering . didn't happen for anyone else . 
Why ? 
OMG guys this is so cool ! it's a new guy from comedy central , he's starting to look like the next big thing . 
hm ... how do I cropping picture ... 
supports Psychological Egoism . 
Dislike/anti-fan button clicked on : Going to School 
woo for having way too many people to serve food to this friday . 
I just had the incredible misfortune of watching an episode of ' < PROPMALE > and Eric : Awesome Show ( great job )' ------------ I feel like I should go wash my eyes . with bleach and ammonia . and then wash my brain for good measure . 
Ugh , Gears of War 2 ... 
has a slight taste for blue cheese . It has a very strong flavor , a bit off-setting , but not all together bad . 
' s new goal is to practice tennis often enough so he may become an extraordinary tennis player and join the Shorecrest tennis team next year . 
Status : Yes . 
CBA ... Why ? 
Ugh ... I really need somebody to love . Someone to hold , that will listen to me , ya know ? Someone to extend these emotions to . ... Heh . look at me talking . Isn't that what everyone wants , at one time or another ? 
That night in jail it was getting late . He was butt-raped by a large inmate , and he screamed . But the guards paid no attention to his cries . That's when things got out of control . The moral of the date rape story , it does not pay to be drunk and horny . But that's the way it had to be . They locked him up and threw away the key . Well , I can't take pity on men of his kind , even though he now takes it in the behind . 
For the summer , just imagine that I'm asleep , as I most likely will not be on this site . \ 
I have a job , yay ! I stay up in camp for 144 hours a week , and get 24 hours off , 12 on saturday , 12 on sunday . .... I think I did my math right . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL88a0jP6ZE 
Zac you idiot ! Why did you start writing your short story the day before it's due !? Ugh !!! Well , the good news is it's almost done . but Damn it , it's going to fail . 
has started a class online at BYU . wew . 
is amazed at the concept of using the itunes store to buy songs he wants . 
Yay , Home from a summer of work ! perhaps now I can actually rest and slack off . hey , maybe I'll draw , or write . if I can find something interesting , I might read . 
Just got an email from my brother . He's settled in Kabul Afghanistan , where he says he will remain until mid January 2011 . I think he's instructing the people on how to ... do whatever it is people in the ATC tower do . military wise , of course . or at least , that's what I imagine . is there a difference between military ATC and civilian ATC ? other than the obvious , of course . military dealing with military stuff . 
Who here likes me ? like , would I be in anyone's top 5 ? I mean friends , of course , not relationship . 
Hey , I'm finally home . 
was not accepted for the play , ' A midsummer night's dream ' , or rather , the modern version . 
Holy crap halloween is super boring . I think we had ... one kid come ? I was so ready to throw pop its and shout ' YOUR UNDER FIRE , TAKE COVER!' or something . I was in army camo , too . 
Made an omelette , threw chili on it , crumbled up some doritios on top . surprising , it's pretty good . 
Holy crap I love my new Ipod Touch . 
Rewriting my story is old news , but you guys don't know that . It's on track to be something pretty spectacular , I think . I like how it's turning out , anyways . \ 
But of course , writers block has shown it's face . 
Social experiment . this is going to be a breeze . See you guys in a week , not that you'd notice me gone . 
Back from the social experiment . Super easy . 
SC girls won their game , 71 to 60 ! or something like that . way to go , girls ! also , yay pep band ! 
Free police scanner for Ipod Touch ... New york , New york is about as active as I thought it would be . 
is going to the dentist for the first time in ... way too long . seriously , it's been at least a few years , it's not even funny , and I'm kind of worried . 
Outlook not very positive . I didn't get a number when they said I had cavities . whine ..... 
and vgcats needs to update more than once every month or so . 
Every once in awhile , I'm reminded of how minor I am . it's kind of saddening . but w/e , I've never gone out of my way to be noticed , so it's kind of expected to me . 
I took the driver permit test today , and I passed ! in celebration , dad decided I should get to drive home so I could have practice . The course ? not wanting to start me off on something too difficult , he had me drive on a freeway ... right from the middle of it . 
Drove to grandma's house today with uncle < PROPFIRST > , had a pretty good time . We passed an accident that must've been pretty bad because there were no less than 4 police cars , and at least one policeman directing traffic in the < PROPFIRST > opposite the crash . < PROPFIRST > said it was probably a truck running into a bike , because there was a bike in the back of the truck . He said usually , with that many police , it means someone died . 
Resolutions : Lose weight and finish the damn story . 
Yay for Soran Bushi ! I hope I spelled it right . It's kind of hard , but I'm going to work hard and be great ! 
Dentist wasn't so bad . I had 2 fillings . They were small enough that I decided to not use Novocaine . It was pretty uncomfortable , but w/e . apparently they were fast , idk . I got there at about 1:15 , and they started me ( 1:20 ish ) even though I was early . finished at about 1:40 got home at 1:50 . they're really close . 
Yay for wii fit . in the past week , I've dropped my BMI by about 1.5 points . wew ! Let's keep going . 
Haha , look at the snow ! I love it , it makes the night so much brighter . 
it really needs to snow . 
I need a new website to watch dr. who episodes on , because the one I had previously wants me to download crap before watching anymore . I can't exactly do that because it's not my computer . any help ? 
UGH why is the try out music for < PROPMALE > miserable in TREBLE CLEF ??!?!! so much for having an easy time figuring it out . 
Does anybody happen to know how to tune a violin ? I'm at a loss . 
Hey , a bunch of you people should totally go work at camp pigott for the summer , it's awesome . 
in the night they'll come for you and tear your freaky legs in two because you're the < PROPMALE > of the beavers the < PROPMALE > of the beavers the < PROPMALE > of the beavers and you can't fool owls . 
Awesome day , I got my Shorecrest spirit gear AND my BCB order finally came in ! w00t . 
< PROPFIRST > Colbert : that's right . Scientists have discovered .... \TIME TRAVELING PORN ! \"" 
so I got my violin all fixed up and what not , got the new tuning pegs , had it re-strung , and even got a new bow ... anything I should do with the bow or strings ? it's not really making a sound when I try to play it . I used the rosin stuff , of course , but idk . it doesn't work . do I have to like , rosin it for hours or what ? ( PS the strings are all tuned , btw ) 
Hahah , the first day of my eighth and ( with any luck ) final semester of high school was great . 
So that crisis in Egypt ... any opinions , people ? for or against the uprising , thoughts about the general happenings ? 
( if you've played dead space two ) so thumbs up if the mother calling her undead baby over and the resulting mess was one of the more horrific things you've ever seen . 
Nulla facilisi . nihilo est habendum liberum . vulpes est callidus ausu et nitidus . frustra est hoc . et tu vasto tempus . 
Well great . \Red and black\ " from < PROPMALE > Mis is probably going to keep me from getting into the musical . \ 
so the first song was fine , but I bombed the second song . so much for being in the musical ... oh well , at least I tried . 
So .... I made it to the musical ! Haha , I was worried for nothing ! Now I just have to keep my grades up- huh . \ 
Eff . This is not going to be easy . 
Hey , if anyone checks what I say once in a while , I thought I should drop this message . Do your homework if you don't already . It's not fun , it might not seem worth it , but it's necessary . \ 
\ 
I'm putting it out there because I've learned I'm going to have to come back next year , at least for another semester . Oh , big surprise , I know . And true , it's not a big deal , not really , but it tends to kill your self esteem . 
Hey hey , I have a name in the musical ! For now , anyways , I've been given- Hey wait , it's not against the rules to talk about possible parts , is it ? 
So hey , everyone , go to newgrounds.com and watch Wilhelm Park . It's awesome . 
After a few days of school , I remember why it's such a bother to me . homework and such , ugh . so much crap to do . \ 
After a few days of break , I remember why I miss school . \ 
Am I the only one with nothing to do ? \ 
Seems like everyone's on vacation but me ... I need to get more ' < PROPFEMALE > out with ' friends . 
The snow blankets everything , giving the world a look of purity . However , with the gray clouds in the sky , it can look somewhat depressing too . Personally though , I love it ! it makes everything look so pretty . 
Btw , guys , does anyone know how to paint ? 
Sometimes I really wonder if I should bother writing . I personally love it , and my friends tell me my stories are great , but they're biased . Once in awhile , when I feel a work of mine is particularly sub par , I wish that someone would tell me that it's absolutely crap . 
Ok , I've submitted my script to the competition . All that's left is to see the results . With any luck , I'll get first place ! But honestly , I'd be happy to get mentioned . 
Anyone want to join my venture crew ? There's a meeting tomorrow that starts at about 7 . it's a really cool thing , it's like boy scouts , but without as much of the limitations . for example , whereas boy scouts can only really hike and camp , venture scouts can climb , and paintball . It's not all about outdoor stuff , though . We can have video game meets , for example . Contact me if you ever want in on this . 
wants to paint , but thinks that it's too late to paint now . 
I have all three Naked Gun movies plus all six episodes of Police Squad ! YES ! It arrived today in the mail . 
That is a giant ass fly ... Where'd I put that swatter ? 
So I got an email today about my script that I submitted for the Young Playwrights competition . \ 
I didn't place ... 
Oh hey , no that's cool , Camp pigott . Thanks for not hiring me . whatever . 
' The Room ' was a god awful movie ... I loved it . \ 
Ha , I didn't really get to watch it . I apparently can't stay up late when I really want to . I only saw a few parts . enough to appreciate the terribleness of it , but still not enough . 
So . Rock band 3 , through the fire and the flames . Why did I think I would ever want to attempt the drum part ? \ 
God I need double bass pedals ... 
