is back to work . Not fun . 

is already excited for next weekend ! 
just carried a refrigerator down a flight of stairs ( with the help of her housemates , of course ) . 
can't wait for Sunday ! 
is headed to Nicaragua !!! 
is on her way to DC , but her heart is still in Nicaragua ... 
is back to work , but wishing she was still on vacation ! 
thinks that Barack makes my skin crawl ... 
is all alone in Stucco for the next 2 weeks . 
is wondering how long it will take Obama to catch on that health care should not be run by the same people that run the DMV and the postal service . 
is proud to be a Fearmongerer . 
is domestic . 
is so excited for tomorrow ! 
thinks that the Lexington police are the sorriest excuses for cops that she has ever seen . 
actually wishes that school would start . 
is on her last Monday at work ... 4 days left ! 
only has 3 more days after today ! 
only has 2 more days and is going to UVA tonight ! 
is proud to be a woman who is voting for McDonnell . 
only has one more day of work to go ( after today) ! 
can't wait for tomorrow ! 
is having a fantastic day ! 
is remembering the 3,000 Americans that lost their lives 8 years ago today . 
has only had 2 days of class and is already procrastinating ... Not a good sign . 
is not going to get swine flu . 
is now paying for being useless all day yesterday . 
is going to be a recluse until everything on her list is complete . See you next year . 
is not sure . 
is staying up late and then hitting the ground running tomorrow morning . Weekend , please come soon ! 
is still trying to figure out how Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize ... 
is back in Lex , unpacking sweaters and flannel sheets . 
is lying in bed , eating a Warm Delights cake and reading < PROPFIRST > Beck . Great night . 
is nowhere near finished . 
Happy Halloween/Parents Weekend !! 
wants you to vote for < PROPMALE > McDonnell , < PROPMALE > Bolling , and < PROPMALE > Cuccinelli on Tuesday ! 
Republican victory ! 
ate wienerschnitzel ? 
is so close to Thanksgiving break . 
is struggling . 
just has to make it to Friday . 
is free !!!!!!!!! 
is not ok with her tax dollars funding abortions . 
all-nighter tonight . And it's raining . Blah . 
thinks this weather is very conducive to naps , but not studying ... 
3 pages stand between me and break ! 
is being sratty this week . 
We're hot and we're fun , you know we're the ones , we stick with the girls in diamonds and pearls . <3 
LOVES the Baby Hooties !!!! 
this weekend = epic fail as a student . 
does not enjoy milkshakes made with buttermilk . 
even Massachusetts wants to be red hot . 
is stressed . What else is new ? 
My prayers are with the Harringtons in this terrible time ... Never take a single moment for granted . 
cheering on the Baby Hooties at lip sync !! 
is wishing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > a happy birthday ! 
is hibernating . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
had a fantastic break and is not sure how to get back into the swing of things . 
sleep is overrated . 
painted her nails Strawberry < PROPFEMALE > , which means that it must be springtime . 
does not enjoy springing forward . 
is so happy that spring is here ! 
Come support Make-A-Wish at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > LI COOK-OFF . Today in Evans , from 4-6 . 
becomes more disgusted with the United States government every day . 
just 5 more pages ... 
2 pages left . This is absurd . 
Beautiful weather , a 2 hour conversation with one best friend , and a surprise visit from the other . Life doesn't get much better ! 
This I know with all my heart , His wounds have paid my ransom . 
most unproductive week everrrr 
hates birds . 
off to Atlanta for the Cognitive Aging Conference with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a fantastic weekend ! Not ready for class to begin again . 
hates eggs , dairy , and cooking utensils . 
one cake down , two to go ! 
is hating herself right now for not studying earlier ... almost finished with < PROPMALE > year ! 
is done ! 
loves summer thunderstorms . 
had a fantastic long weekend !!! Now back to work ... 
will be laptop-less for a week . Sad day . 
is in Nicaragua ! 
had a fantastic week in Nicaragua ! 
is at work wayyyyyyy too early 
hates ants . 
can make it through 13 more days of work . Maybe . 
finally Friday ... So excited for next week !!! 
would like to stop coughing . 
had a fantastic week at YAF ! Now spending the weekend with < PROPMALE > Franke ! 
Successful tax-free shopping today in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > Franke !! Cutting taxes is such a more effective stimulus than is throwing tax payers ' dollars at unnecessary , inefficient public works . 
Job applications are scary . 
has officially applied to TFA ! 
loves interstate dance parties with < PROPFEMALE > Rowe . 
Dear Friday , please come as fast as you can !! 
is the only person in the psych department , which is weird , but it's my last day of work !! 
\Most bad government has grown out of too much government . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
is so excited to be back in Lex ! 
first day of senior year ... 
is so happy ! 
Thanks for the good wishes !! 
Thanks everyone for the congrats !! 
Homework , weddings , and more homework ... hello senior year ! 
exhausted already ... and it's only Monday ... 
wedding weekend ! 
sunday schoolwork struggle . 
had a wonderful break and is now slammed with work . Great . 
is tired of EPrime . 
loves red maps . 
decisions , decisions ... 
5 days ... 
and the Christmas music has officially come out ... 
spent the best day with < PROPFEMALE > Roller . There's nothing better than devoting a whole day to playing with your best friend !!! 
could use another week off before heading back to Lex . 
loves that Pandora is playing Spanish Christmas music ! 
wonderful early Christmas with < PROPMALE > Franke !! 
Facebook now thinks I'm an immigrant and is showing me ads for getting a green card . Thanks , social-emotional development paper on immigrant children . 
sticks with the girls in diamonds and pearls . 
would love to stop coughing . 
There goes any ability to do work ... 
100 days until graduation , 115 days until our wedding ... Wild . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
finds it ironic when Democrats complain about having to pay high taxes ... 
