\Do you think < PROPFEMALE > drives too fast ? \ " \ " Yes . \ " ... I DON'T EVEN DRIVE > xD ; " 

Click ' LIKE ' if I've ever made you smile this year . Then set this as your status to see how many people you made smile this year 
Let's take a moment to remember the millions who gave their lives so that we could live today . Thank you , dinosaurs . ( We miss you ) 
Last day of vacation and I'm at work . Awwwwwesome . 
God damn , chat's nothing but faggots lately . Annoying ... = A = 
... If you own a Playstation 3 console , you might not want to turn it on for a while . 
PS3 Trophies > Xbox Gay60 Achievements btw 
Has no sense of rhythem 
Competting with Kyon to see who can name the most oldfags from the chat 
I realized that I've never seen an actual car acciendent before today .. 
My Msn's being ghey . Probably that virus ... > A > ; 
\Understanding the\ 
is freakin ' drained from working that A.A. Convention . 
So apparently I'm missing Meet the Mavs , but I don't know what that is , anyone care to enlighten me ? 
Lol thanks everyone , I just got off work and I'm going to enjoy the rest of my birthday . 
Pfft , well at least the first day was .. interesting ? 
What the hell , there was another oil rig incident ? When the hell did this happen ? 
Huge fire going on down the street , so I went to check it out . It's pretty bad from what I saw . 
Bleh .. There's too much crap going through my head . I'm tired . 
Ugh , at work , sick . Feel like crap . 
Anyone else taking the SAT's Saturday ? 
Spring break is going to be amazing . I'll make this trip happen no matter what . 
< PROPFEMALE > Napoles can't open doors , apparently . 
NOSB's selling pizza Friday after school ! Pizza slices for just $1 in front of the school and at the bus stop ! Bring a dollar and support us ! 
Guess I'll go watch Beowulf 
NOSB's selling pizza tomorrow after school ! Pizza slices for just $1 in front of the school and at the bus stop ! Bring a dollar and support us ! 
I seriously have the most retarded luck with the SAT's . 
Overall , pretty good weekend . 
\Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice . \"" 
The loyalty of a dog never ceases to amaze me .. 
Just a little too hot for a panaramic picture , dontcha think ? 
Important NOSB meeting tomorrow morning , make sure to show up at around 8:15 in the morning in Mr. H's room if you can make it . 
Busy weekend , fun weekend . 
Anyone else staying for the Course Fair tonight ? 
Hmm . Really off day today . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > , I could not save you . 
\So who can tell me what ( some Government Vocab word ) means ? \ " \ 
Needs A/C in his car . 
Clouded Lepord , hell yes . 
Well somebody told me you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend . 
Meh , tired . 
So anyone else going to College Night ? 
Can't decide what to order in for dinner , I really don't feel like eating pizza again . :/ Suggestions ? 
Was the best , like no one ever was . 
( Possibly ) Last Halloween for a while , spent hitting up houses for < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > Gastelum after putting together costumes at the last minute like a boss . Now for some free < PROPFEMALE > , fawk yes . 
It's so quiet today . 
Strategy requires thought ; tactics require observation . 
Gotta go get my passport tomorrow . 
Huh , maybe I should start on those three essays that are due tomorrow now . 
Zoo trip today ! 
Huh , well I feel like an idoit . 
is on his way to Galveston . 
does not care for the fact that apparently every restaurant in Galveston closes between 9 and 10 PM . 
is watching a badass shark dissection . 
Who else thought of Observe and Report as soon as they read that letter ? 
Dear Mozilla Firefox , \ 
Thank you for being the most superior web browser ever invented . \ 
Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > Zurita 
\Dear Space 
Holy shit , just walked up my street and see the ambulance litterally right in front of my house . 
Damn , why can't the lunch at school be as good as the lunch at work ? 
Damn hour cuts , you're killing me here . 
Thanksgiving , and I'm freakin ' sick as hell . Whoo ! 
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings . 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
Goal ?... Not to see a human face on FB until Monday , \ 
December 6th , and be surrounded by only our\ 
best childhood memories . Join in the fight \ 
AGAINST Child Abuse and copy & paste to your\ 
status to invite your \ 
...... friends to do the same ! 
Two men walk into a bar . The third one ducks . 
So come out of your cave walking on your hands and see the world hanging upside down . 
Hey NOSB people , did we want to try to have a Christmas Party this year ? I should be able to get Pizzas and Sodas either way . 
Have fifty check out lanes , only use four . Great job , WalMart . 
There are people who I will never be able to understand . 
If guns don't kill people , and it's people who kill people , does that mean toasters don't make toast , it's toast that makes toast ? 
\Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . \"" 
Finally home after 18 straight hours of work , need some sleep . 
So apparently my house got broken into and a bunch of shit got stolen . Awwwesome . 
Glad I didn't stay up for the non-visable eclipse like a dunce . 
Just finished watching the original Tron . 
Reo is more than just a cat , he's a friend . 
Going to see Tron . 
Nothing like last minute Christmas shopping . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good night . 
Nothing says Christmas like watching the Breakfast Club 
Hey kids , shake it lose together . The spotlight's hitting something known to change the weather . 
Got my ACT scores back today and they're higher than what Boston recommends . Fuck yeah . 
Finally done with work for a couple of days , I'm tired as hell . 
< PROPFEMALE > you fat lard , come get some dinner ! 
Pla-tin-um . 
\Do you think that cows deserve to be grounded up to be made into hamburger meat ? \ " \ 
\I will stuff all of you in a crust ! \"" 
I don't go on Facebook for two days and find out that the new profile was forced on us and a new zodiac sign existed . Wat . 
I can't stand that poem . 
\Every man must decide if he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness . \"" 
Dude , where's my rank ? 
Apparently I can dance , go figure . 
Is disabling your Proxy Server a bad thing ..? 
So is Friday Senior Skip Day ? 
\Difficulties strengthen the mind as labor does the body . \"" 
Hey , I'm number one and I let gravity do my drinking . 
According to my Environmental Systems class I was in a car accident this morning . \ 
And died . Thanks Nate . 
Alright done packing . Maybe . 
Holy ... Shit . 
Some Old Horses Can't Always Hear Their Owners Approaching . 
Hello , again , friend of a friend . 
Holy shit that Carnival was amazing . 
