how people have so much more authority and influence than they realize . I don't need to be anybody else for God to use me ... God just wants me just as I am . 

Wow ... being on facebook makes me feel mushy and sentemental .... and not apparently not very good at spelling ... oh well .. I think I need some sleep . My dog is weird and petrified of the back yard and won't go until she really has to , like at three o ' clock i 
I am totally clueless when it comes to using facebook . Any suggestions or advice ?? Thanks ! : ) 
ah ... not much , just really mellow and annoyed at my head for hurting and feeling dizzy . : ( 
ah .. feeling frustrated at doctors who don't listen to what I say and make me feel stupid . 
is eating really yummy corn 
blueberry muffin is now entering my tummy ... so good 
Big comfy pillows that I can go back to sleep on ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz I am still not quite awake .. :) 
wants to go camping !! 
is listening to 50's rock oh yeah ! 
is dancing in her head .... oh yeah !! 
dressed up like a funky pirate gyspsy ... do I dare do go to my doctors appointment like this ... hmm ... don't think so .. I need to stop taking these quizzes .. so addictive ! whats up with you all ? 
my dog is really cute and cuddley 
i am feeling restless ... like I have lots of energy but am tired at the same time 
< PROPMALE > show here I come !! 
is listening to Delerious ? I love it !!!!!! 
wants to draw on the sidewalk at Binns park 
loves this cool weather !! 
thinks that heaven must smell like woodsmoke , pine and cold clear wind 
Loves loony brittish comedys 
is loving being at her granparents house ! wish you all could be here 
is full of catfish ... aw . man .. now I am sounding like < PROPFIRST > 
is leaving ny .. happy and sad all at the same time ... I wish I could be in two places at once ! 
POP !! STOP BARKING AT THE DOG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
went to the dollar store today , looked at all the funny birthday cards and then laughed quietly to myself ... example : the front says , Your charming , charasmatic and ..... psst .. pssst ... the inside says ... YOU\VE GOT THE WRONG BIRTHDAY CARD !!!! random stuff is the best !! " 
is listening to < PROPFEMALE > edwards .... her music is beathtaking ! 
finds that life is sometimes ironic . Example : my room was cold so I lit a lot of candles to make it warmer .. but then there was so much smoke in my room that I had to open the window ... 
is balancing her checkbook .. oh what fun ... 
is mad cause the lady next door is screaming at her little kids again .... she needs to stop 
is amused cause she just changed her language settings to pirate english !! Argg .. 
ok so God is perfect love right ? well here is a definion of perfect and of love put together : to be the object of attachment , devotion , admiration and unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another that is entirely without fault or defect , to delight in completely and purely with no alterior motive ... desiring only what is best for the good of another no matter the sacrifice 
likes listening to < PROPFEMALE > Austins books on cd ... :) 
is going camping ! At last ! :) 
likes random jazz .. 
I am , therefor I worship . That is why I am . 
has to fast the computer since her wrist is giving her constant irritation . :( I will miss you all on here for a while ... give me a call sometime peoples .. haniging out is always fun !! 
is hopefull for the future , throwing away the past and is deterimend to do whatever she has to become more whole and complete . FREEEDOM !!! 
wonders why people always seem to want what is bad for them ... 
would love to be in the woods with God alone . is resolved to be whole and free and refuses to forget God is good or to stop praising him . When you have done all you know , stand . Stand means to : maintain one's position : endure or undergo successfully : to tolerate without flinching : bear courageously : to remain firm in the face of : to submit to to perform the duty ofto participate in to pay the cost of : to depend on 
Is going to womans bible study .. YAY !! fun ! fun ! 
has her < PROPMALE > exhibit tonight at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s Creamery from 5 to 9 and you all be invited !!! 
Is tired but happy . This weather is really nice !!! :) 
is going to sew today !!! 
Copy this onto your status and see how people rate you ....... 1 . Amazing – 2 . Loveable – 3 . Adorable – 4 . Glorious – 5 . Sagacious – 6 . Brainy – 7 . Heroic – 8 . Courageous – 9 . Distinguished – 10 . Honorable – 11 . Excellent – 12 . Magnanimous – 13 . Marvelous – 14 . Awesome – 15 . Wonderful – 16 . Super-duper – 17 . Wonderful – 18 . Brilliant – 19 . Gifted – 20 . Impeccable – All other numbers : Perfect . 
Hey guys , please pray for my Grammy . She was rushed to the hospital this morning because she had trouble breathing . They think it is some kind of chemical reaction , but they are not sure what it is . Pray . Thanks 
Hey guys . My Grammy has a blood clot near her heart , and they are doing surgery today . Thank you all so much . 
Thank you all for praying for my Grammy . She is leaving the hospital tomorrow and I will be staying with her at her house to help her out . She did not need heart sugery after all and is improving imensely with her speech . Sigh ... God is good ! 
Simplify -To make simple ; to make less complex ; to make clear by giving the explanation for ; to show an easier or shorter process for doing or making . Sigh .. that is what I need to do . Simplify . 
is having tons of fun in NY !!!!!! There is actually more snow in < PROPFEMALE > than where I am at in Ny ..... such a reversal !! 
is free and full of life .... family is so good to be around . :) 
Good morning world ! * yawn * 
Loved falling asleep to the sound of the wind . Beautiful . 
I wish I had the words to comfort .. but my mouth goes dry .. I wish I knew the perfect thing to do so that all would understand and be free .. but I don't . All I can do is talk to the One I love and walk where He leads me and trust that He will give us all the grace to stand as His , unashamed , whole and free . My heart goes out to all of you who are hurting .. may the broken hidden places of your heart be made whole . 
is blaring hillbilly music in her room . 
just call me Chrysanthemum . 
Just do it , just do it , just do it . Get out of my way discouragement !. I AM going to succeed !! 
Just got an email from a cousin ... man do I miss her !! Family is great ! HAha .. :) 
SNOW !!! I am staying inside today .. 
Happy early Easter World !! 
Sometimes I feel as if I might explode .. this life is too small to contain this joy . 
Is excited to be weeding . There is nothing like being outstide , getting dirt in my hands and bringing order to a wild world of plants . 
I have a wet dog running around the house like a nut . Dog bath days are so entertaining ! 
I painted at Binns park yesterday . A lot of kids croweded around me and kept telling me how good I was at painting and how they could not pain like that . The cutest part was I hadn't really started painting much .. I had only put a splash of yellow on the < PROPFEMALE > !!! Sigh .. life is good and God is even better . :) 
Paint * not pain . 
So .. the computer lost all of my writings .. and alot of them I do not have on paper ... :( 
\The LORD your God is in your midst 
Why is it that everything gets hard when you need to do something yet when you don't HAVE to do it , it is easy ? 
Yesterday was a good day . There is nothing quite like being with friends and family and enjoying every goofy moment of it ! 
Life is good . 
Jamming out with my grandpa to celtic music .. oh yeah !!! 
is going to get off the computer and attempt at sewing a hat . 
Going to Binns park .. hooray for simple fun things ! 
good bye hair ! 
It is storming out like crazy and here I am all happy and saying to myself .. \This is the best kind of weather .. I should go outside . \ " Go figure . " 
Why is it that every time I lose my phone I had it turned off ?? 
\There are no great things 
Well I just realized that I had put a bit of cantalope rind in my mouth .. so delicious and ... um .. delightfull ? I hope I never do that again . lol 
Well helloo there confidence ! Where have you been for most of my life ? I am so glad that you have come to stay . :D THANK YOU JESUS !!!! :D 
Gotta love yard sales . I got a typewriter for 50 cents !! Oh yeah !! 
So not only did I get a typewriter for 50 cents but my grammy had an unopend typewriter ribbon that just happened to be the perfect size for my typewriter !! Oh yeah !! 
Hi ho hi ho , it's off to paint I go !!! 
Help , there is a smile frozen on my face and it won't come off !! 
Morning Glories are taking over the world !!! Well , at least my backyard anyways . Time to weed again ... 
watermelon ! 
Oh heart of mine don't you forget the promises of \ 
Christ . Things come and go , but the love of God remains . 
Sleep , come back to me !! 
I've tried to push you out , but still I am longing . No thing can fill this void like you . The more I am filled with you , Christ , the more I long for you even more . You are the only thing that can satisfy , yet at the same time I can never have too much of you . 
It's the kids cookie break .. ooh ah ah !! :D 
oh my twisted world .. where poking is a love language .. thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !! lol 
Dear God , help . Amen . 
wearing striped socks .. eating an apple and reading pippi longstocking . 
Whoever text-ed me today , I am sorry . I am now officially out of minutes ... 
Is going to learn how to make soft pretzles from scratch !! WHOO HOOO !!!! :D 
I love the library ! 
Wait , you say we have these things called ears ?? Huh ? Sorry I did not catch all of what you said . I was too busy talking . lol 
Pretzels . yum . 
Just curious .. if you all could do anything at all ... what would you do ?? 
needs a job ... hmmm ... 
Come on yarn ... untangle already !! 
The campfire was a blast !! Thanks everyone for coming !! :) 
Holding out all that I do and do not know .. only God can help with these mysteries ! \ 
:D 
So if ya'll could change anything in or about your life .. what would you change ?? :D 
\I must learn that the purpose of my life belongs to God 
Anyone wanna come over and play games or watch a movie ? 
Happy Thanksgivining world !! gobble gobble !! :D 
I LOVE CHRISTMAS MUSIC !!!!!!!!! 
yum ! Just ate a snap pea that tasted like dirt . lol 
How great is my God !!! :D 
gah .. get out of my head !! \ 
You know who you are !!! :P 
I'd hug you , but I have no arms . 
Life is good .. very good and I can't stop smiling and dancing randomly around the house . XD 
hey people please pray for my grammy she is in the hospital .. had an allergic reaction to bleach .. not sure what is all wrong . She is seeming better since I first saw her but could still use prayers . Thanks !! 
Grammy came home from the hospital !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D Thanks God ! <3 
haha my brother < PROPFIRST > just told me that he is going to < PROPFEMALE > keys off of my earings ! lol 
agg ! and double agg ! cause I don't know what the first one was for !! 
sigh ... sweet peace at last ! :) 
Aww ! Thank you all for the happy birthday wishes !! I definitely am having a very wonderful day !!! :D :D :D 
Daddy Jesus , you are awesome !!! <3 
MUST .. RESIST ... CHOCOLATE !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love my snurf < PROPMALE > !!! <3 
Bubbles are the answer for everything .. at least when it comes to crying children .... 
hmm ... finally some time to relax ! :) 
What a nice start to today ! Painted flowers on < PROPFIRST > and Danni's nursery wall and now I am reading whilst listening to some Rockabilly music !! :D 
Prayer chain needed ... Prayers need to go out for a FB friend Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows her ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl .. The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please and God bless you for doing this . RE-POST 
A conversation that I had today with a little boy after we found a toy lion in the toy kitchen bin :\ 
Boy : Lion ! \ 
Me : Now why would someone put a lion in the fruit basket ? \ 
Boy : ..... \ 
Me : Do people eat lions ? \ 
Boy : YES !! \ 
Me : What do they taste like ? \ 
Boy : ( Pauses for a second and then beams at me)\ 
APPLES !! 
Granny squares ! <3 
I GOT THE TROPICAL SMOOTHIE JOB !!!! :D :D :D : THANK YOU JESUS !! <3 
Looking at platypuses . 
So apparently my dog likes wasabi flavored seaweed . 
I < PROPFIRST > 3:18 Dear children , let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth . What would love do ? <3 
n God ( I will praise His word ) , in God I have put my trust ; I will not fear . What can flesh do to me ? Psalm 56:4 ( NKJ 
