HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! I have high hopes for 2010 ~ Blessings to all !!! 

just finished the last Christmas celebration at Grandma's house . Heading back to Springfield tomorrow . Jaelyn wants to move back here and have to admit I think about it too .... sigh .................. 
Decide . Commit . Succeed . 
is missing her dad on what would have been his 71st birthday . 
is in shock over MJ . 
I'm back in < PROPMALE > Park ............ prolly to stay . 
is having fun with jaelyn putting stickers on the walls . 
is thinking about the gigantic pool we got and somehow doesn't believe the box- 10 minutes and up and running- HA !! 
is contemplating a hot bath . 
is wondering ....... curly or straight ? 
is getting ready to meet the ex for lunch . Hope he's buying ! 
just made a new friend . 
is heading back to Springfield . God works in mysterious ways , never ceases to amaze me . HAPPY 4th EVERYONE and GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
loves her crazy , imperfect and stressful life . TGIF ! 
is celebrating her 3rd wedding anniversary in 3 days . Things are very good . Just saw what I'm getting !!! :) 
had a great weekend and am seriously thinking Jaelyn should be strutting down a runway . The kid's got it ! 
can't believe school starts in less than a month . I feel like summer just got started ! :( 
God is good . 
is getting psyched with the Total Money Makeover . No debt- not even a house ? YES ! 
summer is going too fast and my little girl is growing up too quick ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT - OSHAWA , WI - 3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN DRIVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario PLATE # 72B 381 . 
wonders if my life will EVER be dull , boring and predictable ... I sure hope so ! 
boarded my dogs for 3 days and now they are on me like velcro !!! 
Im back from like , oh , a few months of being off Facebook . I have no excuse except it's blocked at work ! 
THANKS EVERYONE for the birthday wishes !! It feels great to be 29 again !! 
I have too many messages and not enough time ! 
I just love this picture of me and Jaelyn - I think < PROPFIRST > missed his calling ! < PROPFIRST > Finch 
is hoping Jaelyn is well enough for school tomorrow .... sigh . 
called her peditrician's office in Chatham ( aka Stepford ) because Jaelyn's fever is up and her throat is worse since Sunday ( she went to urgent care then and got antibiotics ) . The dr's office asked about her symptoms and said it sounded like the flu and they wouldn't see her so she didn't spread it around the office- WHAT ????!!!!! 
Happy Halloween everyone !! Hope it's not raining / sorta warm tomorrow so Jaelyn's costume can actually be seen and not hidden under her coat ! 
is really , really , really bad at finding time to get on here . 
was having a nice day decorating for Xmas until the EX called . And now he's trying to mess up my Thanksgiving plans because he HAS to see Jaelyn- well where the *@!* has he been for , like , the whole year ? A phone call twice a month and saw her , oh , 4 times and now MY plans have to be changed ??! 
just came back from a great Thanksgiving with < PROPFIRST>'s family- hope you all had a wonderful , yummy food filled day ! :) 
hopes nobody will be offended when I ask for addresses for Christmas cards- A ) I was NEVER good at keeping them B ) I've moved like 4 times in less than 4 years don't know when I sent em last :D 
is very annoyed at my spouse but I'm at my mom's and I have to BEHAVE . 
toured all of IL since Thursday AND put up my Christmas tree- I am wonderwoman , wondermom , wonderwife , wonderdaughter , wonderaunt , wonderdaughterinlaw , etc etc -- and I'm exhausted ! ;) ~ Glad to be home . 
Do you all realize it is only 20 days until Christmas ?? Holy crap ! 
is thinking .... treadmill vs . eggnog . Hmmmmmmm ..... 
just bought Nutcracker tickets AND convinced < PROPFIRST > to go again- miracles DO happen , ha ha !!!! 
made her first gingerbread house tonight with j . I think I'll be finding sparkly sugar in my dining room crevices well into spring . 
I have a gazillion things to do today including wrapping all my gifts , cleaning my house , making cookies .... I need a wife !!!! 
hoping all you guys had a wonderful Christmas and are counting your blessings !!! :) 
is enjoying the beautiful snow falling outside my window from the warmth of my house , as < PROPFIRST > drives Jaelyn to visit her dad for a week- OMG- a week to myself !!! 
just saw a movie for the first time in who knows how long- it was great !! The Blind Side !! 
Today my big plans include grocery shopping and < PROPMALE > paying . Last day of rest before the month from H --- begins . SIGH . 
it's frickin cold and my water pipes are frozen . 
SNOW DAY !!! Jaelyn's school and daycare are closed , so here I am !! 
Pink . 
ANOTHER snow day . Thank God for the Wii , and Personal Time !! :) 
My daughter is already rail thin and now is completely addicted to Wii Fit Plus . I think she has done every yoga pose at least 10 times . 
enjoyed my first Financial Peace University class i.e. < PROPMALE > Ramsey . Amazing stuff . 
I sang to a snowman in my car because I'm sexy and I do what I want ( lol -- thanks < PROPFEMALE >!!) 
is amazed at the opportunites that always come from hardships . 
has decided that 2010 is the year for CHANGE !!!!!!!!!! Can I get an AMEN ??? 
I love my big , scary Mastiff !!! :) 
whenever something is too good to be true , it usually is . And , sometimes downright harmful . 
My daughter has wanted to take ballet , karate and swimming lessons and has chosen karate . Hoping this is a good thing ! :) 
Hey Now , Hey Now , Don't dream it's over , when the world comes in , they come to build a wall between us- we know that they won't win ..... Crowded House 
is wishing for a REALLY BORING , uneventful life . I can't take anymore DRAMA ! 
cannot stand people that judge you without knowing the first flippin ' thing about what is going on in your life !!!!!!!!!!! 
is getting a DROID ! My first cell phone/internet experience . 
the neighbor unexpectedly took Jaelyn- WHOO HOOO !!! Got the music cranked and a rum & coke is calling my name . 
going to watch Nip/Tuck then off to bed . 
Ok , so I got the Droid phone ( hey who can pass up FREE ) and it's super cool and all- but I think it will be months before I learn how to use everything on there !! I'm lucky I can dial it ! :) 
Had the most fabulous party for Jaelyn today . 11 8-year olds and they were all wonderful ! My little girl was the perfect hostess , so proud of her . It was totally worth all the work and boy did she make out like a bandit !!! 
See my link below -- whoo hoo !!!!!!!!! 
I love my hubby ! 
Typical Sunday morning ... woke up with Jaelyn next to me in bed , between me and < PROPFIRST > , followed by my two dogs and several cats- GOOD MORNING ! 
I am ALONE today ... wow . This never happens . Well , the pets are still here . I ' m going to clean the house , run to Bath & Body works , pick up Jaelyn and build a snowman . :) 
is wondering if anyone else does laundry at 11:00 pm on a weekday ( or any day , for that matter) ! 
I need a weekend to recover from my weekend . 
almost choked to death on chicken fried rice just now- GACK !! 
enjoying my evening . Barnes & < PROPMALE > , new cookbook , Starbucks , and now Paranormal State . :) 
finally have the nerve to post this- 15 pounds left to my goal weight !! THANK YOU SENSA !!! www.trysensa.com 
Wow it almost felt like spring was coming today ! 40 or so- I actually saw some people wearing shorts !! 
just got into a video on aromatherapy massage - and he got called into work ! Oh well , we got SOME quality time in ............... :) 
I need to roll back the clock and go to bed earlier . 
has a new laptop ( yay ! ) but is feeling like crud ( boo ! ) . Hope it's just allergies ! I hope to go to the St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day parade tomorrow ! 
i want my hour back !!! :) 
55 minutes for lunch is stupid . 
tired of the late shift . I'm ready to move back home for regular hours . 
OMG ... why is trying to buy a new computer so hard ?? I have been surfing everywhere and I don't know what the bleep I need !!!!! 
I am going to try to do a crafty activity with Jaelyn every weekend ~ heck I'm supermom , I can do it ! I hope ... :) 
Thank you God for giving me the strength to get though each day with my head held high ! 
To err is human , to forgive , devine . 
enjoying my brand spankin ' new HP touchscreen computer . OMG . It's soooooooooo coooooooooool . 
things are not always what they seem , people . For the love of God- reserve judgement . Gossip is evil . Go ask if you want to know . 
Why can't I ever go to bed early ? Tonight the urge to make chocolate chip cookies is gonna win over dreamland ! 
Enjoying my shoppers high ! 
Just dropped jaelyn off at Skateland for a bday party . Looking at houses today then date night tonight ! 
Our lawn service is up and running for the season !! We do great work , cheap !! Give < PROPFIRST > a call for mowing , tilling , planting , fertilizing , whatever you need !! 217-380-8496 ! 
I'm thinking right now the only good thing about my mistakes is I can teach my daughter not to be dumb like her momma . 
Sloooow day today . 
Ok went from slow day to Phone Call From Hell . Had to stay late just listening to this woman bitch- gave up trying to answer her questions cause she wasn't listening anyway ! Going in early AGAIN tomorrow though I'd rather stick needles in my eyes !! 
FML 
Just worked out , think I'm gonna run out & get me some flowers & veggies to plant . 
I need help getting a < PROPFEMALE > for about 50K . Any takers ? You could have a kidney , but not my first born . 
allergies , allergies- I love that my house is set back , literally into a beautiful < PROPMALE > with huge trees , blooming ones too , flowers , and POLLEN . AAAA-choo !!!!! 
Yes I am about to go workout at 9:15 pm ... go me !! :) 
Everything hurts . Hot bath , here I come . 
I will be childless this weekend when j goes to see her dad in Chicago ! Good couple time for me & < PROPFIRST > but I feel bad cause she just said she doesn't want to go ... :( 
on the kitchen island 
thinks we found our forever home ! Photos to follow . 3 bed/ 2 bath w/jacuzzi tub , double sink , island in kitchen with double sink , walk in closet(s ) big enough to be a bedroom and I can pay it off in about 10 years . WELCOME HOME ! 
up early with thoughts racing through my head- I hate that :( 
< PROPFIRST > , you figured a way to my dream- love you !! 
I .... need .... coffee . 
Looks like the house is gonna happen- OMG ! 
Closing on May 14th . I am once again a homeowner- who woulda thunk it ! :) 
Dilemma- think I have to pay another month's rent even though the house will be mine May 14 . It's gonna take me that long to pack and move . :/ 
Monday you could fall apart , Tuesday Wednesday break my heart , Thursday doesn't even start , its Friday I'm in love - The Cure 
Went to visit my soon to be new house- forgot about my big pantry ! 
What a day . Who knew that choosing a shed could be so time consuming ? Still got planting done and some laundry . Me time now . 
Check out the video below -- incredible !! 
I'm just waitin ' on a friend 
Thank you God for stopping me from doing something incredibly stupid . 
My Mastiff can open sliding screen doors and now gates ! He and < PROPMALE > escaped and ran around the hood for a good half hour ! 
Why am I freakin up already ?? Oh , just thinking of the gazillion things I gotta do by May 14 . 
Crockpots are a girls best friend ( especially those who work till 7pm ) 
This weekend- emptying out the garage , and hopefully one of my storage units in prep for the big move next weekend . I'm worn out just thinking about it ! 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !! 
To all you moms out there- have a WONDERFUL day and ENJOY IT !! We have the hardest but the most rewarding job on the planet ! Take care of YOURSELF today !! To MY mom- I love you with all of my heart !!! xoxoxo 
Listening to the rain and a lullaby 
STRESSED . I need a neck rub . 
I just might make some fudge tonight . 
Gearing up to pack and move . 
Soooo tired . Packed all day and had Jaelyns 2nd grade concert too . Sooooo cute ! 
I JUST BOUGHT MY HOUSE !! 
As we were driving through our subdivision last night , after Jaelyn got done playing with her friends , she said to me , \Mom- we're finally in dreamland . \ " We have been through so much and moved so much in the last 5 years- that statement made my heart sing . :) " 
Totally completely exhausted . 
I think I have mostly recovered from my move . Internet installed Wednesday , new memory foam mattress delivered tomorrow- how many more weeks to be fully unpacked I do not know . 
Off to try the turbo shower , been too enamored with the big garden tub ! 
Can't be everything to everyone- so I'm gonna stop trying . 
Content at home with my family . I am blessed . :) 
I am still without internet , and will be until Tuesday cause Comcast keeps screwing me over . But I'm surviving ! 
Just woke up , tired & a little < PROPMALE > over . Sad , only had 2 drinks ! I think ? 
Enjoying the summer day with my girl , chocolate dipped ice cream and lemonade slushes . 
After planting my garden and digging holes to plant my sunflowers- I have a brand new respect for physical labor . My hubby works outside whether its 100 degrees or -10 . Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
WOW where did that storm come from ?! 
Starting tomorrow I get to sleep in an hour later since I don't have to get jaelyn ready for school- that's MY summer break ! 
I'm not crazy I'm just a little unwell .... 
Confuscious say : never count on someone who promises to help you move . They fall off the face of the earth . 
Missing Chicago . :( 
After a visit to the beach , its hard to believe we live in a material world . - < PROPFEMALE > Shaw / < PROPFEMALE > Gilliam :) 
At Landmark looking at new SUVs - OMG ! 
Why do mosquitoes love me so ? 
Ok so I got a souped up Ford Edge as a rental and I LOVE it ! Totally rethinking the SUV- been tooling around all weekend & the gas gauge barely moved from \F\ " ! " 
Pssst .... half the year is almost over ? WTF ? 
What did I ever live for before my daughter ? I love you Jaelyn- when you're bad , good , and everything in between . 
Is LOVING Schwans . Perfect for my %#@ ! late hours and the ice cream- OMG ! 
Hoping my prayers are being answered for better hours , less pay , must do the math- but time with my daughter is PRICELESS ! 
Where to go to dinner ? 
< PROPFIRST > cooked out and I AM STUFFED ! 
Is wiped out 
Mmmmmmmmm that's much better ;) 
Happy Birthday to my Daddy in Heaven . I love you and miss you so much . 
Sitting in Rochester park watching lightening . 
Giving a special shout out to all you STEP DADS out there , loving our kids and caring for them as your own- HAPPY FATHER'S DAY ! 
Me and Jaelyn heading off to Take Your Child to Work Day tomorrow . I am already reciting the Serenity Prayer . I am getting up at 5:30 and I'm hoping she'll last till noon ! 
Heading up to visit the fam tomorrow . No rain please ! 
Standing in the mile long line at < PROPFIRST > & Judes ! 
Next year when my 3 weeks of vacation reset , and my time is God wiiling not eaten up by FMLA days , I will make my visits home to Chicago longer so I can see more of my family and friends . Till then .... love you all , miss you and come down to Springfield and see me anytime ! Xoxo 
cannot believe that someone can lie right to your face when caught red handed . And , that this is something that KEEPS happening . 
Petting my Siamese and wondering how people can live without pets ! 
Just got diagnosed with pneumonia . I feel like death . 
Slowly getting better - thanks for your love & support xo 
Will be heading to Galesburg soon for some 4th festivities . Hope I am strong enough- at least I'm not driving and got a hotel room . :) 
This is the FIRST year my little girl watched fireworks without some degree of terror ( hates loud noises)- sound blocking ear phones did the trick ! 
I'm blessed with the gift of compassion and forgiveness but lately thinking I need to expel those from my life who abuse it . 
Fresh mozzarella , tomatoes and < PROPMALE > from my own garden , drizzled with balsamic vinegar , ahhhhh ! 
Wants to proclaim my love for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Matchbox Twenty . 
I love that our new neighborhood has so many nice kids for Jaelyn to play with- but I hardly see her anymore ! Boo hoo ! 
just had < PROPFIRST>'s awesome BLTs- thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I need an incredibly high paying , yet legal , job . Serious inquiries only . 
something's gotta give . 
Happy Friday y'all! 
So many closed doors , God , show me that window please ... 
FINALLY- Ulta opening in Springfield ! I feel the urge already ! Till then - next door to Bath & Body Works I go ! 
getting ready for grilled steaks and chicken and homemade bluberry cobbler- not too shabby for a Sunday night ! :) 
Needs to put down my Droid and get ready for my interview tomorrow . 
Thanx to you all for your support & well wishes- I will know tomorrow or early next week if I got the job ! This will get me off the late shift , < PROPFEMALE > ha !! 
My droid is broken- till I get a new one y'all can reach me at 630-452-1810 
Great weekend- waterpark and bbq'd- that's what it's all about :) 
Now Ulta wants to interview me ! 
Going to watch Shutter Island with the hubby . 
My life is like a frickin roller coaster ... still ... I wonder if I'd get bored if it wasn't ? 
Are oatmeal raisin cookies health food ? They are now !! 
is getting off the roller coaster now ! :) 
Please pray hubby in er 
< PROPFIRST > is OK but no explaination for the headache & passing out . Thanks for your prayers ! 
After a really rotten day ... I am wiped out . Nothing a piece of gigantic cookie with frosting won't help I'm sure . Goodnight all ! :) 
Glad I got Jaelyn a full size bed a few years ago- love to lay with her while she falls asleep ( and check FB too lol ) . How long till she gets too old & kicks me out ? :) 
MEMORIES !!! Here are the rules ... Think fast ! Leave a memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot ; ANYTHING you remember ! ANYTHING GOES ! Don't send a message , just leave a comment on here . Next , repost this on your wall and see how many people leave memories about ...... you . DO IT ! 
Back to school shopping day- tons of great deals and reduced taxes- yahoo !! Now , when is it MY turn ?? :( 
I need to know your opinion of the best Elementary school in Springfield- if you have one please let me know ASAP ! 
Wonderful weekend- dare I say I have a little bit of hope things might be finally taking a turn for the better ? Only took 4 1/2 years ..... :) 
Tell me I can't and I'll show you I can . 
is BLOWN AWAY by the kindness of a ( almost ) stranger . 
Just Sayin ' ...... People Should Just Learn To Accept All Forms Of Craziness ... Otherwise , Life Would Be A Complete Bore ... ( reposted from my friend < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > cause I like it ! ) 
a very very dear old friend of mine just got back in touch with me- missed you so much . Doing a happy dance . 
Why do we have sinuses , other than to HURT ? Allergies suck today ! 
My 8 year old has told me 2 times now on seperate occasions that she's been told by a little boy that's she's \hot\ " . Just great . I thought that was just a temperature until I was in Jr High !! " 
Spent all day so far running around for the family . I'm going to take a little nap & not feel guilty . :) 
Life can either be accepted or changed . If its not accepted , it must be changed . If it cant be changed , then it must be accepted . 
is so far diggin the Springfield school . Less homework = happier kid + mom ! Let the trend continue ! Oh , but I WILL be selling the World's Finest Chocolate already .... they waited 1 whole day to start the fundraising ! 
has the most wonderful neighbor in the world ~ letting Jaelyn carpool with them to school in the morning , I have some time to myself ( new to me ! ) ! THANKS < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is downloading music and was already in a good mood from the tunes , then I got a text from my BF 3 states away , now my day is made ... love ya :) 
Is saying goodbye to the weekend with some chocolate mousse cake :) 
Got a better job , better pay , growth opp- yay !! 
What doesn't kill me , makes me stronger . 
has never seen such stupidity since high school , my bad for sinking to that level ! Is this small town crap or just people that have no life ? Whatever- I am better than that . Lesson learned ! 
I am a true Libra in many ways , including believing in Justice . 
And so Monday begins my career at Blue Cross , and I join the land of the living working 8:00 - 4:30 . Yipee ! 
Has all the windows open , the music playing , what a beautiful day . Also remembering this day and saying a prayer . 
Loves it when my hubby unexpectedly makes dinner ! 
So this training is no cakewalk- but 6 raises in 2 years , OMG , no wonder 398 people applied for my job ( 15 openings ) . Plus made some friends and a mid-afternoon Starbucks run ? I'll stick it out . :) 
Ready to go home ! 
Is SO HAPPY to be away from the drama at HM but it seems to be trying to follow me . 
Been running around waaay too much this weekend , and more to do tomorrow . I need another Saturday in the week please . 
Starting my second week at Blue Cross- information overload- but nicely mixed with homemade muffins ( thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) , laughter , free food and a refrigerator sale ! :) Oh , and the best picture of my life -- not !!! ( below ) 
I ... am ... tired . 
Worked myself into a big tizzy today , getting overwhelmed and perfectionistic . Came home and retreated to my jacuzzi tub and a rum and coke . So not like me but drastic measures were called for . TGI ( almost ) F !! 
I cannot hear < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > sing without him touching me somehow- LOVE YOU < PROPMALE > !! 
is home alone- < PROPFIRST > took Jaelyn to visit some friends out in the country and do farm stuff like ride a combine . Now if I could get my house to clean itself I could use this time more constructively for say , shopping . :) 
Information overload . I don't think I can fit one more bit of info on my brain . I am trained out ! 
6 days till I turn 29 again ! Whoo hoo ! Seriously , just glad I'm not leaving my decade yet ;) 
wants my < PROPMALE > bed back , because < PROPMALE > is playing Velcro Dog at night and this < PROPFEMALE > is not big enough for the 3 of us ! 
is full of steak , frozen margaritas and chocolate . Good night ! 
Has anyone seen my weekend ?? It was here just a minute ago !! 
Happy birthday to mom and me ! 
Thank you to all my family and friends , near and far , for all the birthday wishes and happiness you brought me today !!! :) :) 
Hey BCBS buddies- WE DID IT ! :) 
is wondering how much trouble I'll get in again tomorrow , back in the classroom ! I'm feeling slap happy just thinkin about it ! Also , looking forward to my evening mani/pedi with my daughter . 
Would like to take this massaging chair for my pedi home 
has lost my phone twice in the last couple weeks , thankfully found it . This is getting scary- I think I'm getting youngstimer's . 
emotional roller coaster type weekend . I wish I was a teacher and had tomorrow off ! 
See the link below- Jaelyn can earn prizes from stuff you buy from regular stores . Mucho Gracias ! 
Been quoting chiropractic benefits all day , making me realize how badly I need one . Oh , my aching neck ! 
Jaelyn and I had a pizza picnic in her room tonight- I'm cool like that :) 
Enjoying a bonfire , hotdogs , and marshmallows . 
Do parents even carve pumpkins anymore with their kids ? We did ours tonight , and the kids were acting like it was Christmas- if I'd have known I would have loaded up a sleighfull at the pumpkin patch ! 
Unexpected date night , ate fried pickles at Texas Roadhouse . Sounds weird , but good ! 
One of our neighbors took Jaelyn to Barnes & < PROPMALE > last night for a Halloween / School fundraiser last night with her kids . We gave Jaelyn $20 and she got a book and stuffed toy for just that price . Today she sent her daughter over to tell us we owe her $13- wtf ?! 
Worked my butt off today in the house , a big part of it cleaning out the closets and getting out all the fall / winter clothes .... then the weather channel app shows 81 tomorrow :/ 
is tired ... but happy . :) 
wishing those brownies would make themselves ... 
good day today ! Excellent at Jaelyn's school followed by very little work and freakish fun with < PROPFIRST > , with Mexican , of course . 
TGIF !!! ( almost ) 
wore my devil horns today and tail- until I went to the washroom and forgot the tail was there until it was already swimming ( is that TMI ? ) . 
Jaelyn is super girl for Halloween and then the question was posed to me- is there REALLY a super girl ? Didn't think about it , we just liked the pink and silver sparkly costume and boots :) 
had a great day . Took jaelyn and her friends trick or treating , then back to my house for a bonfire . Am happily taking all the < PROPFEMALE > off her hands with nuts , as she's allergic . :) 
is sending Jaelyn to her dads this weekend cause its her half brothers first birthday . Wanted to tell him to stick it since he hasn't gave a flying f *** about her , but will drive her halfway to Chicago cause she wants to go . Sometimes doing the right thing stinks . 
I need Droid assistance- my gmail stopped coming through my phone and it tells me space is limited ! Heelp ! 
is seeing my first raise already on my paycheck- jealous ? :) ~ 
is doing ...... nothing . wow . I'm not used to this . A house to myself ? 
I have a wanna be cold that can't decide if its coming or going . With Jaelyn not here , I really need some motivation to get out of bed ! 
On my way to Chenoa to get my peanut ! 
I am sick and I know who gave me this thoughtful gift . ): -( 
Waiting impatiently for Levaquin to kick in . 
Spending the day with my daughter- wonderful . Free admission to the Illinois State Museum- fantasic ! Spending $28.00 at the gift shop for rock < PROPFEMALE > , a shark tooth necklace and a sock monkey- priceless . 
3 Doors Down- lovin you tonight ! 
is this thinking of another child just a passing fancy ? : b 
must stop feeling guilty that I can't make it EVERYWHERE for the holidays . They know where I live ! 
giving a special thanks to < PROPFIRST > for considering putting up my tree BEFORE Thanksgiving . That holiday is way overlooked but my schedule looks better for this weekend ! 
My husband lost his job ~ please send prayers and good thoughts our way -- thank you . 
things I need to do and things I wanna do - internal battle going on right now ! 
having a really hard time staying optimistic right now . 
over the river and through the woods , to Grandmother's house we go ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Count your blessings today , even when things are rough , there is still so much to be grateful for . 
Well , I should have figured , it's a holiday , so Jaelyn got sick . Was really crabby today , now she's passed out on the bed . Gave her Motrin , sometimes that is the Wonder Drug . 
I had a great time visting - again . Who knows- maybe I'll be back to stay sooner than I think ? Stay tuned .... 
is sitting here waiting for my checkup . Yes , I will drive 200 < PROPMALE > to keep my doc cuz he rocks . Did I mention Blue Cross PAYS ME $50 just for GETTING a checkup ? 
Thankful for meeting 2 family members for the first time . Hope it's the beginning of lifelong connection :) 
wishes Cyber Monday fell on Payday !! 
thinks the first snow we are having is just beautiful , makes me feel like a kid again :) 
I have another cold- seriously ?! Just got over that dang sinus infection ! %$@ ! *& ! 
had a Griswold ( make that Jaltuch/Finch ) family Chirstmas kind of weekend ..... 
2011 is going to be a good year , I insist . Not waiting anymore ! 
I think everybody and their brother called in today , tomorrow MUST be better !? 
... banning time off for 6 weeks straight , someone needs to make that illegal . 
Shopping , wrapping , Christmas cookies , Christmas cards- no sleeping in for me ! 
Gingerbread cookie martini ... o .... m .... g . 
lovely relaxing weekend , sorry to see it go . At least I'm getting driven to work tomorrow :) 
You can't judge a book by its cover . 
so I've had heartburn and a really sore neck , incredibly nauseous today , and on and off dizzy . But I plan to be at work tomorrow , unless I call in dead :) 
Does anyone know what an entry level HVAC tech would make near Chicago ? 
had a great time with < PROPFIRST > and the kids last night in Peoria for the festivial of the lights !! Hoping she posts some pix since the ones on our camera got mysteriously deleted ..... 
Soooooo happy my mommy came for Christmas !! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL ..... and to all , a GOOD NIGHT ! :) 
had a pretty darn good Christmas , hope you all did too !! :) 
All alone with the cats & dogs . Mom on her way back home & Jaelyn to visit her dad for a couple days- kinda sad . Thinking about using my gift cards but right now snuggling with my pets is winning :) 
Not sure what I like better ... Ghost Adventures or oogling Zak's biceps . ;) 
It's true- you really CAN'T fix stupid , so why do I keep trying ?? 
Kicking off the weekend right with lunch at Buffalo Wild Wings ! 
Out with the old , in with the new , goodbye 2010 , hated it ! -2011 is gonna be the best ! HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
will be sleeping on my new featherbed tonight . Now all I need is someone to peel me some grapes ! ;) 
Starbucks is saving my life every day at work . Muah ! 
Survived day 3 of the work madness ... only 32 to go . 
JUST HAD A PROVIDER TELL ME CNN IS REPORTING THERE IS ANTHRAX IN TIDE SAMPLES SENT OUT , 7 PEOPLE ALREADY DEAD- PLEASE BE SAFE AND REPOST !! 
Disregard ... per my friend this is a scam .. apparently cant trust medical professionals ... OMG 
Tomorrow will be interesting . Going to work at 8am , then off to get my future told . 
is so not used to OT and working Saturday . Glad this is over mid-Feb . Tomorrow I am going to do my best to do a whole lotta NOTHIN . 
is deciding between money and togetherness- blah . 
Amazing .... everyone is in bed , It's just me and the dogs . Maybe I will peruse the dvr . Nite all ! 
Ready for the long weekend and some sledding with my peanut ! 
is kicking off the weekend at a packed playland . 
I need find cheap cheap lodging near Elmwood Park for 2 weeks . Any ideas ??? 
looking forward to another day off , woot woot ! 
I guess its official , hubbys gonna be driving a truck again . Great $$ which we need , gone a lot which I don't like . Happy and sad . 
To my fellow employees , we have survived the busiest day of the year . High five ! 
I know I'm a good mom , because one again I have caught something from Jaelyn , sore throat , stuffy head . All the love , kisses and tlc she gets from me , and I don't even think about germs till its too late- a-choo ! 
so < PROPFIRST > starts trucking school on Monday ... will be gone from about 5:30 - 6:00 each day . Lots of studying at night . I get to practice my single momhood in case he decides to go over the road . Blech . 
Hope the tooth < PROPFEMALE > takes ious- mommy misplaced one and I think Jaelyns ready to call the cops ! 
Going to watch The Fourth Kind and preparing to be freaked out . 
So they moved up my claims training , and now my trip to Chicago for Jaelyns birthday is messed up . Absolutely fabulous . 
I am at work getting paid to do nothing . Sweeeeeet ! 
BLIZZARD HAS ARRIVED 
This evening , I navagated through a blizzard with my daugher , repeatedly shoveled my deck and stairs and a pathway , worked out on Wii Fit , made dinner , did laundry . Doing OK , just me and Jaelyn . I'm every woman !! ha ha ! 
Springfield schools closed again tomorrow ! 
I am up bleary eyed , posted my need for an on call sitter for my peanut , and already got a reply and background check . This lady only works in the summer ( owns a snowcone stand ) and would love to help me out . YIPEE ! Now , let's hope she won't charge me an arm and a leg .... 
You know you've been home too long when you start to miss work , and find the OWN channel ( Oprah Winfrey Network ) incredibly exciting ... 
What are the odds district 186 schools ( Springfield ) will close again on Monday ?? I am scrambling to find a sitter . 
Getting ready to practice my new \truckers wife\ " role as < PROPFIRST > heads off to school tomorrow again . Found great support here on FB ! " 
My baby is turning 9 tomorrow , where does the time go ?? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAELYN- my beautiful little girl , I love you , you will always be my baby !! 
if you don't have a child's wellbeing as your #1 priority , don't get into Education . 
When God closes a door , he opens a window . 
Had to bail out of work , they close it down like Fort Knox when its time to go and turn on the lasers ( no I'm not kidding) ! Go HIPAA ! 
loves family naps :) 
who says Sunday is a day of rest ?? Not for me ! Ugh . 
asking for prayers for my little girl tomorrow as she goes off to her new school- thank you !! <3 <3 
DAY FROM HELL- tomorrow's GOT to be better . 
Feeling sleepy in claims training and I see I'm not alone .... 
Plan was to make Better Than Sex cake for food day , instead I'm at Emergency vet with my dog and a cat . And I thought yesterday was bad . 
Sick child and possible allergic reaction . * < PROPMALE > headache * 
Finally some good news- < PROPFIRST > passed the state test and got his CDL ! 
< PROPFIRST > got a fantastic job offer , and starts at TMC a week from Monday ! Goodbye unemployment ! 
Watched paranormal activity 2 last night , pretty good .... trying to figure out how it was a prequel- was Mikah from the first one ? 
Hoping for a dull , boring , uneventful week . 
Jaelyn getting ready to rock her ISATs - my little brainiac . 
is exhausted . And doing it all over again tomorrow . On another note- got the Words With Friends app , wanna play ? 
Sounds < PROPFEMALE > & nasty out there , im afraid to look :/ 
Lord help me- my 9 year old just obtained AND < PROPMALE > a < PROPFIRST > Bieber poster next to her bed , all by herself . 
loves iced Starbucks Via on my all too short break . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cuisine just ain't cuttin it today . 
To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did . 
Today is my Friday !!! Yahooooo ! 
< PROPFIRST > leaves for 12 days Sunday am ..... I'll be ok ... I think :-( 
Off to meet babysitter candidate #2 - maybe this one will actually speak to my child ! 
Just found my sitter- yay !! 
my daughter's school GAVE her a computer . A < PROPFEMALE > , at that , to all the 3rd graders . They are doing research with some programs to see how student use the software- but she gets to keep it . The other day , she came home with her nails painted by a teacher . And this is the school I tried to keep her out of ? * smacks self on forehead * 
so it's just me and j , and I'm doing good . Let's see if I can keep this up till March 18 .... 
So otr trucking job didn't work out , now local a possibility . Lots of other stuff and about to lose my mind . Otherwise , everythings great . 
Composed now . It's a new day , bring it on . 
Loves BBW 60 cent boneless wings , and winning the trivia game . 
heading up to Chicago soon for a late bday party for Jaelyn . Kid has been through hell , hoping a fresh start at Pleasant Hill in a couple weeks will be exactly what she needs . 
going to decorate my mom's house so when Jaelyn wakes up it's BIRTHDAY PARTY TIME ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > ball seems to be stuck on \???\"" 
IT IS GORGEOUS OUTSIDE !! 
Diggin out the short sleeves and sandals for our 70+ degree day tomorrow ! 
I am going to do my best to leave it all in God's hands . Being a control freak is getting me nowhere . 
Please pray for Jaelyn , she is going into the hospital for her mood disorder , thank you 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isnt perfect but perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who takes care of you , who you want to grow old with , who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could not .... Live without . Then brag on him a little and repost . ? 
Missing my baby girl . 
Heading out for some retail therapy . My peanut is doing ok , thank you for the thoughts and prayers . It is like part of my soul is missing but I know this is what she needs and will be home soon . 
I will be at work tomorrow .... hopefully my mind will be there too cause I haven't lost it .... yet ... :) 
So I can't visit Jaelyn again until THURSDAY . I am about to become a pest , they need to hurry this along . 
so the thinking is Jaelyn is suffering from PTSD ( post traumatic stress disorder ) and once they can get her to talk , I am sure it is from this boy at her old school terrorizing her , making sexual innuendos , threatening her with violence , school principal wouldn't move her from class . I am needing a good attorney . I am beyond insanely mad . 
Finally got to chill and watch Convicted- great movie . Too bad I've had it from redbox for something like 2 weeks . 
My dog snores louder than my husband . :) 
Jaelyn coming home early next week and < PROPFIRST > ( literally ) hits the road next Friday , this time for sure . And so begins the next chapter .... 
Redoing Jaelyn's room for her homecoming on Tuesday- pink and purple walls , < PROPFEMALE > border , sparkly curtains and ceiling fan . Thanks to Grandma and < PROPMALE > for the funding , and < PROPFIRST > for the painting :) 
Dear Sunday , must you leave so soon ? :( 
Happy/sad day ... got Jaelyn home , and then we had to put PJ to sleep- my oldest Himilayan < PROPFEMALE > . I keep telling myself she crossed the Rainbow Bridge & my dad was waiting . 
Met < PROPFIRST > and jaelyn at McDonald's playland for my lunch break with a raging sinus infection- not the brightest idea 
Shipping < PROPFIRST > off to Indianapolis for orientation , just me and Jaelyn in our swingin bachelorette pad ! ;) 
Sooo Jaelyn is at her friend's house and I am all alone on QVC beauty day -- cha < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Gardening ... drooling over the flowers at walmart ! 
Blasting Graffiti Bridge - forgot this side of myself lately , luv u < PROPMALE > :) 
