Nervous , excited , just invested in a sofa bed/futon ! 

Realizing I have one week left before my vacation is over and I have to go back to my job in FL !!!! 
I'm back in Princeton for two weeks ! Look forward to seeing ya'll! 
Pray that I get a car tomorrow ( going shopping for one !!! ) 
Going car shopping soooooooon ! 
Round one of attempted car shopping ....... failed . 
I found I car I Love ... but ....... my age is becoming a problem . Good credit isn't covering the age factor with the bank .... ugh 
I got my ....... CAR !!!!! 
Family cookout today ! 
I'm home , with Derek ... ugh ... had a good day with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Another day home ! Sadly a few days and then I go to FL again ... lets not think about it . 
Excitement waits , as tomorrow ... LEGOLAND Discovery center !!! 
It's here !!! Legoland today ! ( I have a nephew , give me a break . ) 
Tired , but a day well spent with loved ones ! 
relaxing , preparing for departure on Sat ... kinda . I'll lose all contact in facebook until Christmas on Sat ... sad 
Leaving tomorrow @9am , won't be back on facebook until Christmas . Bye !! Miss ya'll!!! 
I'll be home for Christmas this year ( Dec . 19-Jan 11) !!!!! 
Got an idea ! Working hard on my projects ... the last ones ! 
Project in progress ! It's a Christmas treat ! 
I have finished my last class project for the semester , for the school year and for my Graduate program !!! 
Home is where the heart is ... my heart is with family ! 
prays for a sensitive spirit , one that will be moved by even the small things that the world brings us . 
Ran into a scrooge today ! I went to Walmart , asked an older female employer where something was and the response : It's been there for over a year ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to her ! ( I say this smiling ! ) 
Had our family Christmas !!! My nephews loved all their gifts , and ... enjoyed helping the adults open theirs ! I Love KIDS ! ( So cute ) 
Hey Baby , it's COLD OUTSIDE ! ( 18-22F ) 
A bit ill lately , but all is good ! 
relaxing , or trying to while I'm home on VACATION ! 
New Years is just hours away ! Planning on bringing it in with my nephews . 
definitely I have a cute lil nephew !! He had his hand up by his mouth and gave himself a raspberry then placed his face down on my leg and gave me one !! ( he's only 7 months) ! SOOOOO CUTE ! 
Havin ' a good , relaxing and fun filled day with a lil bit o family here and some friends over there ! 
In a good mood , not really sure why , but I'm lovin it ! 
Packed ! Getting ready to head back to FL ... miss all ya'll from IL ! 
On my way down south today ! 
moved into my apartment and definitely realized ... I NEED FURNITURE ! Will have to wait on this though :( 
still living in an empty apartment ! Ugh ... looking for furniture ( may not see any til March ! 
found a sectional set I really liked !!! Must wait until I have the funds ... :( 
Yeah !!!! Babysitting tonight ! ( finally something to do !!!! ) 
realizing that I'm soooo blessed ! 
Just purchased my couch today ! Expected delivery is Mon or Tues !!!! :D 
took down my graduate < PROPMALE > show today ! Bitter Sweet ... 
( I'm not much of a football fan , but ) ... congrats to the Saints after going to the Superbowl as an AFL team and never winning to finally win the game as an NFL team . 
I'm thinking I sprained my wrist ... or something to the fact that it's swollen ! ( and it's my right hand ~ ugh ) 
went 2 the doc ..... strained my ligaments n tendons ..... I know how 2 get hurt the right way ! 
Pensacola FL is canceling school tomorrow for ... a < PROPMALE > of ... snow ?? Good grief ! 
We had snow ! but none of it stuck !!! It was fun to see others react to it in my office ! 
went 2 the doc again today ... must see an ortho doctor ! ugh ... that's ok-it's gonna get better ! 
I've learned the hard way that both my pain meds should not be taken at the same time but with at least an hour interval otherwise ..... severe dizziness ! 
HAPPY VALENTINES !!! LOVE : Beareth all things , believeth all things , hopeth all things , endureth all things . ~ 1 Corinthians 13:7 
Went to the ortho doc today .... he put my arm in a CAST ! ( it's not broken either ) Hopefully in 2 weeks it'll all be healed-otherwise an MRI is on the way to check for pinched or torn tendons . 
Pray for my hand please ! It has 2 weeks left to have the swelling go down and the pain to go away before my next doc . appointment !! 
Pretty sure I'm an Olympic addict ! The Winter games and the performances all around seem to be much improved from previous years for all countries which makes it a bunch better to watch ! 
Yeah !!!! It's the weekend and I finally have something to do !!!! ( helping with a church function and babysitting ! ) 
God is good !!! Enjoyed my day 2day ! Ending it with a little \Colgate Comedy Hour\ " with the hosts being 2 of my favorite comedians can anyone guess their names ? ( hint : wasn't on during my childhood days \")" 
Going to the docs on Thurs to find out if my cast can come off !!! and to see if I need an MRI 
3 ways to know your doc . visit isn't going well : 1-when they take the cast off , it releases immense pain ... 2-he tells you to wash your hand and when you do , the pain almost knocks you to your feet ... 3-he suggests recasting your hand or a splint ! 
Another day has gone , and a new one has just begun ! God is sooooo GOOD ! He's given my friends and family that care , strangers to cheer me up when I'm down and places distractions to get me off of self and onto others . Fri . I celebrated my roommates birthday ( Krispie Kreme , Scenic Drive , Macaroni Grill , some tv ) 
Today was beautiful ! God has given me a love for children ( hence the children illustrator in me ) , and I was blessed to babysit tonight !!! And then go to < PROPMALE > shows ! 
Had a good day today ! Went bowling ( with my LEFT hand ) and received my worst score ever , but I had fun doing it ! 
Trying to brain storm ways to paint/create something without causing too much pain to my hand . No creative outlet is driving me crazy , but I will over come ... once God directs me on how ! 
the Weekend is just a hop-skip-and-a-jump away ! I don't have plans ( that I remember ) but I'm sure I'll find something to do !! 
It's your outlook , or filter system that determines whether or not your day was a good day ... even what looks like a bad day to most , through the right filter = a good day ( I love my God , He is soooo GOOD ! ) 
It's SPRING !!! Busily making an Easter Egg tree , planning Easter dinner ... ( sigh ) ... I love holidays ! :) 
The weekend is getting closer ! I actually have stuff to do ( a friend coming to visit , an area to check out and maybe SHOP , an < PROPMALE > show and church ! ) ! and I have about 70% use of my hand ! Life is good ! 
The weekend is HERE !!! < PROPMALE > is here ! Shopping is just a snap away ! < PROPMALE > shows to end the day !! 
Fairhope was BEAUTIFUL today !! Completely recommend it to those who live in Pensacola ( and anyone who would love to travel down here) ! 
can I just say .... I'm mad about HATS ! 
Easter is just a hop away ! I remember in AK how we went to a church members house early in the morn , ate breakfast and then listened to my dad preach a wonderful sermon as the sun rosed gently from behind the mountains ... :) 
Easter was great ! I wore my Easter outfit , and of course ... a hat ! Had a few girls over and had Easter dinner , bubbles , games , more food , and exhaustion ( all good) ! 
since several people have asked ... my wrist has about 70-80% movement , still can't bend it as far as the left , but it's doing better if I just have < PROPFEMALE > to take care of it . Thanks for caring and praying everyone ! 
In desperate need of the weekend ! I'm extremely exhausted these days ! 
Less than a month and my cuz'ns baby will be here ! In a little bit more than a month me new NEPHEW !! ( trying to focus on the sweets when life throws the sours ) 
Well , I'm late saying it but my cuzn's baby is HERE ! And , check up tomorrow on my wrist ( planning on it being a good one) ! 
Wrist checkup on Thur . went pretty well . Doc says as long as there's improvement , no change in the treatment , but no improvement = change ( hard cast again , maybe surgery ) . Next apptmnt in May . 
Despite being fairly busy today , my mind kept wandering to those whom I love and how much I miss them . I wish you all could come down and visit !! 
He's there to hold me when I cry , He's there to scold me when I lie . He touches my heart and gives me a smile which can't depart . His love endures when mine fails and He alone makes me pure when I fail . He is my God , my Abba , my Heavenly Father . 
Trying to patiently wait for the day I can play volleyball again ! :D 
Praying/thinking about maybe doing voice lessons this year ... the price is good , the instructors are awesome ... hum 
Change of pace today at work . My boss graciously allowed another area to \borrow\ " me (' cause I'm all caught up ) so I could help ' em set up for an < PROPMALE > show ! It was a walk through \ " remember when you were a GA ... \ " All I can say is ... FUN ! " 
a little cleaning on my mind , taking care of the microwave my-my-my , washing the toilet gonna try cleaning the fridge out what a day , running errands hip-hurray ! 
Another work week ! 
sick all week , but at least I'm a lot better for the weekend ! 
Tomorrow is the day I get my degree conferred ! Kinda exciting , but the best part is I get the day off ! 
It's finally completed ! My degree has been conferred , diploma in hand , now to relax ( or go to work) ! 
update on my wrist : went to the doc today , he's very disappointed it isn't completely healed . After he moved it around to check on it , it swelled up ( and he noticed it ) . He's afraid I might have suffered some nerve damaged ( b/c I don't feel much pain ) and wants to see if physical therapy will fix it before he orders several tests and scans . So ... physical therapy until July 22-and then he'll make the BIG Decision ! 
for those people who asked for an update on my wrist : I had my first session of physical therapy today . He is pretty sure that when he's done , I will be completely better and won't need an MRI . After my visit , my wrist was tired and sore ... I can't wait to be better ! 
It's so sad that everyone else gets to hold my new nephew but me !! July needs to hurry up and get here ! 
The goal for next week in therapy sessions is : to be able to lift a 1 lb . weight ! ( sounds so funny , but I couldn't do it today LOL !! ) 
Pretty good day today ! Therapy went well , although I didn't lift 1 lb yet , I was able to do the resistant exercises this time ! And the highlight of the day ... I got to talk to MY BEST FRIEND , Cheriz !!!!!! 
declared war today on all ants , spiders and any other insect that just grosses me out ! 
Mom's birthday is tomorrow ! Hope she has one of her steaks that < PROPMALE > and I bought her to enjoy ! 
so ... something went wrong at PT , the treatment made my hand break out in a rash !! And just when I thought things were going great ( all b/c I could lift 1 lb) !! LOL 
I'm soooo excited ! Just bought a used imac book !! Loving every minute of it ! 
Hey , for those who are interested still in my wrist ( roll your eyes for those who aren't ) the therapist thinks that soon I won't need to see him anymore !! Just got to work on getting my ring finger and pinky to function normally ! 
realizing that I'll have a character building week next week . I won't have a life ( working extra hours to meet a dead line ) until July 2nd ! 
Relaxing ... Just got home @ 10 ! I need all the rest I can get for next weeks o'rtime . 
It's taking almost 7 months for me to st < PROPMALE > to EXTREMELY miss my < PROPMALE > ! I have a few ideas , and hope to implement them soon ( if that wrist would heal enough so I can hold a brush for long periods of time) ! 
Rested this weekend to work a lot this week ! ( I hope I make it through ) 
Day 2 done of 7am-10p ( today I went til 10:45 ) shifts ! Made it so far without tooo much suffering ;) . But I can definitely say , I'm exhausted ! 
My wrist has 100% RANGE OF MOTION !!!! ( now to work on it's stiffness tendencies ) :D 
Packed , cleaned my room , clean the kitchen , tidy-up the bathroom , cleaned out my car ... awwwww .... sleep and then home . 
HOME ! Safe and sound , tired from the trip but enjoying time with family ! 
Got to hold my baby landen ! He is sooooo cute ! 
One year car anniversary ! 
Getting ready to go to FL ( Wisconsin first , Tennessee/Alabama next and then FL) !! Taking my baby < PROPMALE > and mom with ! 
made it to Wisconsin !! Checked into our wonderful hotel , looked around abit and now relaxing !!! 
finally in FL !!! Went to the beach with < PROPMALE > and mom ! ( < PROPMALE > loved it ) 
< PROPMALE > and Mom are on the plane on their way to Atlanta and then home to IL ! I enjoyed their visit and am sad that they're gone . 
< PROPMALE > and mom have landed in Chicago and are now on their way home ! The flight went pretty well , < PROPMALE > got his wings , not to mention sick when they landed in Chicago ( poor thing ) . 
Relaxing , finally ! I'm in such a good , sleepy mood now that my vacation is over ... 
Tonight I feel like I'm on cloud nine , awaiting for a miraculous sign that will be all mine . I've waited patiently for bliss to come , and my < PROPMALE > desires to strike and turn me from being glum to exceedingly great joy ! I aim to paint !!! 
Just came back from the doctor and he has cleared me to play ... VOLLEYBALL again ( all sports in general) !!!! I'm extremely , EXCITED !! 
Hmmmmmm , today I've been thinking about what I want my life long career to be ..... have a few ideas , but nothing definite yet ! ( I have 2 years until my contracts up anyways ) Maybe I should get more schooling , the online kind , or take a job on the whim after I'm done here , or stay here for a few more years ... options , options ( at least I got ' em ) 
definitely a boring day compared to last weekend ! 
North and South by < PROPFEMALE > Gaskel .... wonderful storyline ! 
Doooowop , doooo oo ooooo wop , oooo ! 
\Somewhere over the rainbow ... dreams com true ! \"" 
excited that today at 9 I'm going to talk to my BEST FRIEND !!!! Keep your phone line free Cheriz ! 
Today was BEAUTFUL !! A blessed 100+ degrees outside makes me warm and sleepy . Today was quiet , wonderfully quiet and relaxing ! 
I'm soooo excited ! Been praying about my future and I think God is starting to direct my heart ! 
There are thunderstorms outside !! Wonderful Florida with the rain falling down ... soooo relaxing ! 
I'm bubbling with energy ! My cup is filled to the rim !! it's sooooo exciting , but I can't yet disclose what it is !! All I can say is I see God's handy work and it's looking pretty exciting ! 
Home \sick\ " today . If you can call a headache that's caused by the light around you as actually being sick ( but it keeps me from working unfortunately ) . " 
Woke up this morning , flipped open my phone to see the time and a smile crossed my face . There looking at me was a new picture of Baby Landen that was sent to me ! He is sooo cute and I miss all my nephews ! 
trying to completely get rid of my headache before tomorrow !! It's at that faint stage where if you aren't careful it'll be full blast migraine . I'm having to wear my sunglasses everywhere lol !! 
closing my eyes and dreaming ... dreaming of the places I've been , the people I've seen and met ... dreaming of the places I will be and the people I will meet ... just relaxing and dreaming ... 
I know < PROPMALE > hates this but ... I love my baby brother ! Right now I believe he should visit me because I'm a tinge \home-sick\ " ... just need his shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on :( " 
I'm in such a good mood today ! Don't really know why though . I think I'll go work out !! YAY ! 
It's FRIDAY !!!!! Have some plans this weekend , clean house , organize rooms and party with some friends eating some yummy Mexican food !! :) 
definitely finding that it's a ton easier to clean up after someone you love and care about , then someone you just share an apartment with ... CLEAN SOMETHING ! 
I'm tired ! Just had a fabulouso evening with friends over a good meal ( if I do say so myself-enchilada casserole , taco salad and bunelo's provided be ... me ; spanish rice , fruit salad , chip , dip and drinks by some friends ) yummy !!!! 
I miss my baby so much !! Can't wait to see him again and my other boys too ! 
I'm tired , extremely tired !! Been busy , O-so-busy , that my mom is my only friend I talk to ... sorry everyone else , although I have made attempts fyi ( just my time slots aren't that opened right now and neither is yours ! 
I'm kinda liking this coupon thing , went to the store , bought about $60 worth of stuff , only paid $20 ... now to figure out how to get the amount down to cents ;) 
okay , it's certain ... I'm frustrated and could stangle someone , I'm irritated and a punch to the face of that person sounds too good . Communication is a must in friendship , family , marriage , teacher-student , roommates ... catch the drift ? When you're family , forgiveness comes a bit easier , but when you're not ... practice COMMUNICATION and CONSIDERATION ! \ 
\ 
and I thought vball would help ... tomorrow ... we talk . 
okay , looking for that silver lining Lord . Please help me to see it in this horrible situation I'm in right now . Thank you for the blessings you have given and the love you have poured on me , my gracious Heavenly Father . 
Psalm 59:1 -2 \Deliver me from mine enemies 
Another aeroplane\ 
Another < PROPFEMALE > place\ 
I’m lucky , I know\ 
But I wanna go home\ 
Mmmm , I’ve got to go home\ 
Let me go home\ 
I’m just too far from where you are\ 
I wanna come home 
Free at last , it is finished . Life has triumphed over death ; and Jesus reigns . \ 
Bless the name of God almighty ! I'm free at last\ ~ < PROPFEMALE > Rambo " 
The best is yet to come and babe won't that be fine . You think you've seen the sun , but you ain't seen it shine ! ( gotta love Old Blue Eyes ! ) 
< PROPMALE > turned eight yesterday , Sept 7th !! This is the 8th birthday of his that I've missed :( ( all of them , except I was there a few hours after his actual birth ) Someday , I want to be there for one or mroe !! 
wondering when my BFF and I are gonna talk again ... 
Just got some vocal solo Christmas and anytime church music ... now I need a piano , hmmmmmm 
VOTE FOR CHERIZ !!! see the link on my wall ! 
Went to South < PROPFEMALE > this weekend !! Now only a few more to go and I'll have been in all 50 ! ( Vermont , New Mexico , Louisiana , Oregon , Utah , < PROPFEMALE > , Arizona , Nebraska , Idaho and Hawaii are all I have left !!! ) 
It's FALL !! How I love this season ... but it doesn't come without its hard times for me . For most of my family , the hardest time of the year is in June , for me , it's this season . I shared so much with dad during the fall ( conferences , bdays , outside weather enjoyment , sports ... ) that I miss him so much now . I feel great and yet I feel like crying . 
definitely need to stop burning myself ! I have a problem where it takes a few seconds ( sometimes several ) before I feel heat , and recently I keep finding burn marks on my hands and arms !! LOL wish I could learn ! 
i'm pretty sure some of the best people were born in October and November ! :D 
why is it that when we need to find something we can't but we end up finding something else we needed awhile ago and gave up looking for ? 
It's cold here ! UGH !! Never knew how bad old injuries could hurt until the weather became COLD ! ( going to be in the 50s tonite ) :( I'd rather be warm any day . If you don't believe me ask my family . 
Have I ever told anyone that I love the month of October ? Because I do ! lovin ' the weather , the colors that change ( although not as much as up north ) , the < PROPFEMALE > , the party's , and so much more ! 
So I'm updating my status due to my BFF worrying about me ( even though we just talked on the phone for an hour ) ... \ 
Definitely realizing that extreme organization of my apartment is A LOT OF WORK ! I've been working on it almost all day , and only have my closet partially done ... but it will be worth it all in the end . :D 
Ok , final countdown to vote for Cheriz !!! Everyone please participate ! Vote fore Cheriz by texting VOTE6 to 30364 . 
I have 2 brothers who make me laugh , have pulled my hair , stuck up for me , drove me crazy , hugged me , watched me succeed , saw me fall ( and have tripped me ) , picked me back up ( even pretended to hurt themselves ) , cheered me on , made me stronger , and I love them with all of my heart . One has given me beautiful nephews and one has his birthday coming up on Monday !! 
life is good ! had a couple of friends over last night , a couple this morning , went shopping , exercised , and now relaxing ! :D 
Is it odd that sometimes I remind myself of my brothers ? As I feel a certain facial expression come across my face I realize that they make that face or I laugh at something that normally I don't laugh at but they do ... I think it's odd , maybe I just miss them . 
can't believe my little brother is having his 23rd Bday !! It seems like only yesterday he was wearing his Chicago Bulls jacket as he followed his older brother to the park to watch him play some bball ... :D 
I was just remembering something my dad had said and I'll paraphrase : When you love someone you pray for them , you go out of your way for them , you're there through the good and the bad , you accept them for them , you don't change them you change instead ... but do you love them enough to let them go , not knowing when or if they'll come back ? you wait patiently , that will show you how deep your love is . 
\I hold that a strongly marked personality can influence descendants for generations . \ " \ 
I cried today . I wasn't sad , but rather glad . I was glad as I read comments on facebook and saw all who were thinking of me . Tears formed as I read cards from those who care . My heart swelled with warmth as I heard the voices of my family and closest friends tell me they love me and gave me warm wishes . The tears dropped as pleasant memories crossed my eyes of those in the past and those newly formed . Thank you all ! 
with age doesn't come wisdom , but it does bring wisdom teeth ! :( 
Talkt to mom tonight , somehow I've made her worry that I might take matters into my own hands and be one tooth shy in my mouth ... I guess my history of pulling my teeth ( double set of permanent teeth ) when great pain is involved is proceeding this fear ... :) 
at 8ish this morning I had my tooth pulled ! Went to work b/c it's too boring be home , stayed until it was obvious I needed to leave ... :) looking forward to no more pain , but also looking for dental insurance to get the other two removed ! :D 
one tooth being pulled = one big ache , poor sleeping ability , extreme dizziness , nausea , vomiting , blurred vision and no fun ... seriously where's my mom ? I need her . :( 
Thanks to those peeps who've prayed for me . I feel a lot better today , although I still am not up to complete parr , but definitely better . 
Went to work today , yay ! Made it through and now I'm home . :D 
someone told me yesterday that I have probably been given more stuff than anyone else has , than all the people combined in the whole buidling we were in ... I don't know if he's right , but I know this , My Heavenly Father does take care of me ! 
Just when I think I've seen all the creepy places in P'Cola , I find one more ! 
looking for dental insurance and finding it to be very FRUSTRATING ! 
today was great ! the weather was nice and warm with a gentle breeze trickling through the trees ... hung out with some friends ( on accident , went to the park to work out and was blessed to be invited to a gathering ) ... all-in-all it was a good day ! 
hmmmm , Russian Tea reminds me of fall , of Thanksgiving , Christmas in Alaska , warm fireplaces , wonderful family and lovely friends ... each sip is heavenly ! 
so , why is it when I have a knife or scissors in my hand I have a 97% < PROPMALE > of cutting myself ? ( REALLY ) 
definitely not missing work b/c I overslept ... woke up at 4ish-I'm thinking my mom somehow got me sick ... :) 
The most natural < PROPFEMALE > s form at high-pressure and temperature conditions in Earth's mantle , waiting to be found . In our lives the same is true . Some of the best things that come into our life , have come when we were enduring great difficulties . I am THANKFUL for difficulties , the tears , the achy heart , because when the < PROPFEMALE > is found or produced , you realize how wonderful God is . 
* sigh * feeling much better ! Now time to cleanup the apartment ! :) 
I remember ... a tear graces my cheek as memories float by . The sounds of their voice touch my ears as I remember their laughter , their words of wisdom ... I remember ... 
Sat down to finally illustrate , something I haven't done in months ( due to my wrist ) , next thing I know is that it's 11 ! And I was planning on going to bed early ... :P 
Needed to illustrate 3 clip < PROPMALE > type characters for a friend , st < PROPMALE > ed Monday and finished Wed ! It felt good to get back into my < PROPMALE > , although I didn't paint , it was close enough ! :D 
It's unfortunate that at 70 degrees or below my fingers and toes go cold , occassionally turning white and going numb ( ahhh such is my life ) . But with all that pain , I'm still too cheap t turn the heat up ... more socks and gloves please ! :D 
watched Nutcracker on Ice and determined that performing on ice is very similar to a theatre in the round . 
driving around P'cola and noticed that there is a new breed of sign holders out there ! One of them was dancing ( I think or having a seizure ) , another wore holiday wear as if it were 30 degrees out ( 70+ currently ) and I think one was exercising ( or he needed a bathroom break ) ... and ironically they all were GRAND OPENING ( for those not from P'cola , for years we've had a furniture \going out of business sign \") !! " 
went to the doc's yestrday n was givn a list of what to do for the cold : sore through = gargle salt H20 ; Nasal Congestion , Sinus Pressure , Runny Nose = Sinus rinse , Nasal spray , Claritin/Cetirizine , Decongestant ( Sudafed ); Cough = Expectorant ( Mucinex ) , Suppressant ( if not n other ) , Cough Drop ( keep mouth moist ) tried it , and feel better . Get the < PROPMALE > Med Sinuse Rinse it's better than a Netti Pot . 
Had a fun time aa friends getting some holiday goodies ready ... YUM ! and more to come tomorrow !! 
ok ya'll , here's a fun idea for the holidays , make your peppermint bark in cupcake lining ! It's easy and looks like cute little disks . Also , mix it up by doing melted chocolate with broken up pieces of < PROPMALE > crackers and marshmallows ! YUMMY !! 
soooo , today on Extreme Home Makeover , the house was from P'cola! It was there Christmas special , but it definitely wasn't cold out when they filmed it !! Now it's cold !! :) 
' Twas brillig , & the slithy toves Did gyre & gimble in the wabe : All mimsy were the borogoves , & the mome raths outgrabe . ' Beware the Jabberwock , my son ! The jaws that bite , the claws that catch ! Beware the Jubjub bird , & shun The frumious Bandersnatch!' ... The Jabberwock , with eyes of flame , Came whiffling through the tulgey wood , & burbled as it came ! 
ok , most of ya won't believe it but , P'cola Florida is due for a hard freeze tonight !! Temps are way below 30 ! ( 20s more like ) 
I hate , detest HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! Hire me , I'll train them . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all , I miss you that's true . But I can dream and in my dreams , I'm wishing happiness for you . Well , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas my friends . Have a Happy New Year too . And if your Christmas gets some blues , remember their's someone lovin ' you . :) 
definitely I find Christmas to be very boring ... we celebrate it the day before making the day of extremely boring ! ( my bros agree ) 
If more people today quit thinking of themselves and put others first they might be surprised at how wonderful life really is ... they may find that they love their family more than they can imagine , that their true friends hold a special spot in their heart and that their life is truly and really WONDERFUL ! \ 
If only they thought of others and remember the God who made them ... if only ... 
in the air going to ATL and then soon to PCOLA ! 
Midweek of work and I find it FREEZING in the office !! It's sad when you step outside into 60 degree weather and it's warmer than inside ... just sad . 
oh , * sigh * woke up , went to the post office , cleaned my car and apt , went out with a friend and now just relaxing ... * sigh * wonderful 
saw on < PROPMALE>'s profile n totally agreed : Its been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ... Re-post if you have friends like this 
there's a spot in my apt that I LOVE to look at ... it is the corner of my couch where when only the lamp is on , looks warm , inviting and very peaceful . To me it's simply beautiful and wonderful , so I sit on the opposite side of the couch and cozy up and look at it . I love the things God allows me to see , no matter how weird or simple . :) 
so , definitely thinking that I should just start designing and making my own clothes ( for me only ) . maybe then I'll actually find something I LIKE :) oddly , when I talked to a seamstress and told her I was an artist , she said that I'd probably pick up on it and that I should definitely try . 
Never did I EVER expect to see icicles or ice on the ground in FLORIDA !!!! 
I babysat tonight and of course I LOVED IT !!! 2 boys and a girl ( oh , and their puppy ) that love to try on my coat and scarf , play games with me and tell me about their school or any new things they got since the last time I saw them ... sooooo cute ! 
the weather's been so cold that all I can think about is ... a cup of hot chocolate , a good book , snuggling on the couch with a warm blanket draped over me as I look out the window as the fire place ( which I don't have ) warms me up ... just thinking . 
Do you know the Muffin Man ? 
I remember when rock was young ... 
someone pointed out to me recently that I wear many hats , and they are right--I'm a sister , a daughter , a cousin , an aunt , a student , a coworker , an artist , a chauffer , a production artist , an editor ( hahahaha ) , a friend , a niece , a secretary ( BWAH ) , a roommate , a pianist , a singer , and the list goes on !! HAHAHA ! :D 
so I went to Winn < PROPFEMALE > to buy my groceries and needed assistance with something , basically the worker their finished my shopping for me !! How nice not to have to think about where things are located ( this was only a fluke , I know it probably won't happen again ) 
Glad I wasn't in Illini today ( first time ever for that ) . I would've been forced to watch that football game today and then forced to listen to all the complaints ! :) obviously I don't care who wins in football , but my FAMILY DOES :) ( I did watch the 4th quarter though ) 
Just realized today that it takes me a month+ to recover from when I go home for a 2 week vacation ! \homelife wears me out ! \ " :D " 
I can't wait for tanning season to start so all those girls buying my makeup foundation color will stop and it'll actually be instock for once ( seeing how I don't tan !! ) ! 
today was BEAUTIFUL out !! 68 degrees is wonderful ( better than in the 30's ) And I got a lot done ... ( responsible ? ) ... oil change ( check ) , groceries ( check ) , file for taxes ( check ! ) ... SHOPPPINGGGGGG ! ( ohhhhh , tripple check !! ) ... ( responsible ? ~ yep ) :D 
so excited !!! My family is finally setup so I can talk and SEE the babes !! No more descriptions of what is cute and listening to them talk to each other , I can kinda be apart of it ! 
\There are a lot of kids who never had a < PROPMALE > to get a high voice ... [ because of the seesaw ] ... \"~ from Playground by < PROPMALE > Cosby\ 
wonderful weekend , full of friends , < PROPMALE > , food , and just plain fun ! 
Today went ... it didn't fly , it wasn't fun , but it went ... luckily I had a couple of friends come over to help it end wonderfully 
Did you know that the sun came up today ? It was bright and glorious , warming the things it touched . What ? You didn't have time to notice ? Well , it really did , it may be down right now , but don't worry , it comes up again in a few more hours . I suggest next time you notice and maybe you'll find your days being brighter . 
Just had a wonderful talk with my nephews over the internet !! Lov'n technology ! 
I'm super excited !! I just got the Sunday paper , raided it for coupons and deals !! I hope to save BIG from now on !! :) 
How wonderful ! I got my car fixed and no more ugly sounds !! :) Makes for a good day to get even more stuff done . 
Definitely had a good day today ! Did some laundry , washed the car ... and then went to FAIRHOPE !! for the arts and crafts festival with two girl pals !! ( I think I might have gotten some sun too :) ) 
PHEW !!! I just purchased $75 est of household/grocery supplies but for the low price of $27 est !!! I recommend for people to purchase their household items at CVS ( or Walgreens ) and be sure to use their XTRA < PROPMALE > REWARDS !! I did , my total was $37 , I paid $6 and got a $5 REWARD !! I LUV SAVING $$$ !! 
O what a beautiful MORNING , O what a BEAUTIFUL DAY !! I've got a beautiful feeling , all the cleaning is happening today !! :D \ 
LUV CLEAN --- really ( windows and door are done ) 
Kitchen is cleaned , laundry is folded and put away , now ... SLEEP to wake up to a full and wonderful day tomorrow ! Simple things can sometimes be beautiful . 
Pray for mom , she's in the hospital 
Mom is doing better , she's still at the hospital and they are running tests to make sure that she is only dehydrated and nothing else . Thanks for everyone's prayers , and please continue to pray for her , my brothers and me ! 
Ok everyone , my mom ( who is kinda checking her own facebook account ) is getting better and stronger each day . There is a high probability that tomorrow she will be released from the hospital . She is still on a liquid diet , but her temp is back to normal and she sounds a lot better . Thank you all for the prayers and keep them going ! 
What a week !! Glad that it is ending and starting afresh soon ! 
