is wondering how her old facebook deleted itself ... 

techyes ! 
lost in translation 
death by chocolate 
Well ! I've often seen a cat without a grin ; but a grin without a cat ! It's the most curious thing I ever saw in my life ! 
that was almost really uncool 
has sand in her shoes 
procrastination 
needs her other half ... 
got high school musical as a response to saying im from abq today ... 
strawberry fields forever 
505 tomorrow !!! :) 
loves extra shots of espresso :) 
fuck it ... lets dance 
my hair is too short now :( i miss it 
stressed 
two more days ...... 
hello albuquerque :) 
did i really come all the way home without a phone charger for three weeks ?!?.... yes , yes i did . :/ 
the results of a successful wisdom teeth removal ... a dry socket ( aka exposed nerves ) and a hematoma ( aka a blood clot resulting in prolonged swelling ) fml 
thank goodness this weekend is over :/ 
omg did your phone just talk to you ? - < PROPFEMALE > brown 
Living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out . It doesn't matter much to me . 
revenge of the < PROPFEMALE > 
living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . its getting hard to be someone , but it all works out . it doesnt matter much to me . 
The final destination used to be my main question but then I looked around and all I was searching for was present . 
summertime and the living is easy ... 
If you're wondering if I want you to , I want you to 
And in the morning I'll be with you but it will be a different kind . And I'll be holding all the tickets and you'll be owning all the fines . 
Oh Tennessee , what did you write ? \ 
I come together in the middle of the night . \ 
Oh that's an ending that I can't write 
misses < PROPFEMALE > Edwards already . live it up in nyc love ! 
I will stand for the truth I’ve seen , so that truth is seen in me 
but if i seem to act unkind\ 
it isn't me , it's just my mind\ 
that is confusing things 
sideways falling\ 
more will be revealed my friend 
We were spitting venom at most everyone we know\ 
If the damned gave us a road map then we'd know just were to go\ 
Now let it drop 
We are what we think . All that we are arises with our thoughts . With our thoughts , we make the world . \ 
Buddha 
I read the news today oh boy\ 
About a lucky man who made the grade\ 
And though the news was rather sad\ 
Well I just had to laugh\ 
I saw the photograph\ 
He blew his mind out in a car\ 
He didn't notice that the lights had changed\ 
A crowd of people stood and stared 
San < PROPFEMALE > . 
no use in indulging in a lifelong competition to change the structure of what little environment we seem to be trapped in . but one could see the larger pattern and move with it -- go with the flow- and accept it and rise above one's immediate environment and even alter it by accepting the larger pattern and grooving with it- put your good where it will do the most ~ tom wolfe 
How many times must you prove you're an angel , How many more demons do you have to strangle How much longer must you remain in this dream Before I finally figure out if you're insane or a genius . 
We're painting the roses red 
This life looks like a sentence , though a constant game of falling short . If you know , you know . 
\I used to get high on life until I realized life is cut with morons \"" 
Mediocre minds discuss people . Average minds discuss events , and brilliant minds discuss ideas . 
In boxes made of ticky tacky and they all look just the same ... 
\Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . \ " -Einstein " 
Ain't got nothin ' but too much to lose\ 
Lost in the rush don't know what to do 
thinks in 3-D ... 
is it worse to close your eyes and get stuck in the world of your mind or to close your mind and get stuck in the world in front of your eyes ? 
You , yourself , as much as anybody in the entire universe , deserve your love and affection . \ 
Time is a measurement ; it measures the scale of life . \ 
Our time on earth is momentary when the scale is infinite . 
How can you ever be disappointed when you don't expect anything from anyone ? 
Holding on to beliefs limits our experiences of life . That doesn't mean that beliefs or ideas or thinking is a problem ; the subborn attitude of having to have things be a particular way causes the problem . Using your belief system this way creates a situation in which you chose to be blind instead of being able to see , to be deaf instead of being able to hear , asleep rather than awake . -Pema Chodron 
life is beautiful . 
Between the click of the light and the start of the dream . 
Sometimes you have to take a step back from your reality to view all of the colors and shades there are to be seen , listen to all of the sounds and intonations there are to be heard , and begin to open the door of your own personal preceptions even further . 
Stuck . 
change is the only constant 
They're all the outcasts of the world 
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . -RWE 
There is only so much that the silver lining from a small cloud can give you . 
What if I never thought what if ... 
is wondering if I should stop looking for the solution if there is no answer . 
If you spend all of your time in the past or the future , you are bound to miss to the present . 
People say that your dreams\ 
are the only things that save ya . \ 
Come on baby in our dreams , \ 
we can live on misbehavior . \ 
Every time you close your eyes\ 
Lies , lies ! 
You think you know how I feel ? Think again . 
The opposite of a fact is falsehood , but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth . \ 
Niels Bohr 
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted . 
Goodbye Butler . It's been quite a ride . 
Life is what happens to you when you are busy making other plans . - < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
nothing's gonna change my world 
People walk a tight rope on a razors edge\ 
Carrying their hurt and hatred and weapons . \ 
It could be a bomb or a bullet or a pen\ 
Or a thought or a word or a sentence . 
The way you see things depends a great deal on where you look at them from . 
We have one mouth and two ears for a reason . 
Curiouser and curiouser ... 
is neither the same nor different 
Knowing others is wisdom , knowing yourself is Enlightenment . \ 
- Tao Tzu 
But tomorrow may rain , so I'll follow the sun . 
\Everyone is fighting their own battle . To be free from their past . To be in the present . And to create their future . So have heart . \"" 
And as the darkness creeps in , I hope to find the beauty in the stars . 
We may miss the < PROPMALE > as we stumble about in the trees . 
Sometimes it's like looking through a kaleidoscope : the individual slivers of colored shapes are the same , but an infinitestimal shift in the < PROPFEMALE > of the lens alters the composition to form an entirely new pattern . If you examined the turning points in a life , could you pinpoint the precise twists of the kaleidoscope that set the pattern ? 
My phone was stolen about two weeks ago , and now my car was just broken into . Thanks world . You are such an incredible place . 
Sunshine , sunshine , it's fine\ 
I feel it in my skin , warming up my mind , \ 
Sometimes you gotta give in to win , \ 
I love the days when it shines , whoa let it shine 
When all is said and done , a lot more is said than done . 
Sometimes , I really wish my mind just had an on/off switch ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Stone comes to Albuquerque !! 
With every mistake we must surely be learning\ 
Still my guitar gently weeps 
We are not bothered by people , situations , or things . We are bothered by our judgements of them . 
When there is nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire . 
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good . 
Pain is inevitable . Suffering is optional . 
Don't believe everything you think 
