babysitting at 6 

Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable . 
laying out for a lil bit then work 5-11 
hold me tight , wrap your arms around me til your knuckles are burning white 
now i’m going crazy , i’m tired of waiting , my lips are on fire , i just want you to know i’m losing my < PROPFEMALE > for the time that you’ve wasted 
in texas visiting my dad ! =) 
ugh work in the morning ... 
just finished moving in ... phewwww 
nap timeeee 
classes till 2 today 
returning a book then french class at 2:15 ... =/ 
french till 3:30 ... ugh worst class everrr 
surprise visit from the motherrr 
getting some food then attempting to get some homework done 
studying psych .... then grey's anatomy .... then more studying ... woohoo 
going home today ... dentist appointment in the morning ... thennnn wooster to visit < PROPMALE > !!!! 
a nap sounds like a wonderful idea 
french class was cancelled for today ... definately just made my day ! =) 
tireddd .. but getti ready ... danny is comin to visit !!! =) thennn outtt ! 
tiredd .. but getting ready ... danny is coming to visit !!! =) thennn outtt ! 
psych then english till 2 .... then my brother is coming to visit me =) 
watchin mamma mia ! and workin on some homework 
Dad is coming to visit !!! =) and out to eat , grocery shopping , and prolly out laterrr 
not a fan of this weather right now but i don't have to go to any of my classes tomorrow so i'm pretty excited =) 
I've been waitin on this long hard day to get over So i can rest my head right here on your shoulder I just wanna lay here and feel you breathe Listen to the rhythm of your heartbeat And see where it leads ... 
grey's anatomyyyy !!! 
oh what a night ... 
studying for psych , desperate housewives , more studying for psych 
french was cancelled for today ... sooo happy =) 
straight through my heart , a single bullet got me , i can't stop the bleeding , oh , straight through my heart 
french test then home for thanksgivingggg !!!! =) 
so far today is going splendidly =) 
It's got to be that can't-eat , can't- sleep , reach-for-the-stars , over-the-fence , world-series kind of stuff .... a girl's gotta have her standards . 
i like your lips like i like my coca cola yeahhh oh how it pops and fizzes , you like my shirt like i like it when you hold my hand , the way it fits its got me feeling lucky 
he's a , good time , cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine . he looks like a cool drink of water , but he's candy-coated misery . he's the devil in disguise , a snake with blue eyes , and he only comes out at night , gives you feeling that you don't want to fight , you better run for your life 
And I Know That We Can Be So Amazing ... And Baby Your Love Is Gonna Change Me ... And Now I Can See Every Possibility 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! =) 
All that i'm after is a life full of laughter , as long as i'm laughing with you . And i think that all that still matters is the love and the laughter , after the life we've been through ' cause i know there's no life after you 
hello sunshine =) 
In my wildest dreams , you always play the hero . In my darkest hour of night , you rescue me , you save my life . 
starting to pack ... movies ... then back to < PROPMALE > tomorrow =) 
and you come away with a great little story of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you 
life with me was a fairytale love , i was head over heels till you threw away us , and it's just too bad you already had the best days , the best days of your life 
I'm gonna stop lookin ' back and start movin ' on , learn how to face my fears . Love with all of my heart , make my < PROPFIRST > , i wanna leave somethin ' here . Go out on a ledge , without any net , that's what i'm gonna be about . Yeah , I wanna be runnin ' when the sand runs out . 
Cannot wait for my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Bielinski to get hereeeee !!!!! 
the sandlot is on =) .... FOR-EV-ER 
i wanna be the only one for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ... except for maybe you and you're simple smile 
medically speaking you're adorable ... 
In my opinion , we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks . 
For a kiss to be really good , you want it to mean something . You want it to be with someone you can't get out of your head , so that when your lips finally touch you feel it everywhere . A kiss so hot and so deep you never want to come up for air . You can't cheat your first kiss . Trust me , you don't want to . Cause when you find that right person for a first kiss , it's everything . 
it's enough for this restless warrior just to be with you .... 
At the end of the day , when it comes down to it , all we really want is to be close to somebody . So this thing , where we all keep our distance and pretend not to care about each other , is usually a load of bull . 
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless . 
ughhh ksjlikjhsiduoifu ! grrr ... shity 
time to start studying for sociology ... woohoo 
yes , you can hold my hand if you want to ... cause i wanna hold yours too 
If you're all alone , when the pretty birds have flown , < PROPFEMALE > , I'm still free . Take a < PROPMALE > on me , gonna do my very best and it ain't no lie . If you put me to the test , if you let me try . 
There's something to be said about a glass half full . About knowing when to say when . I think it's a floating line . A barometer of need and < PROPFEMALE > . It's entirely up to the individual . And depends on what's being poured . Sometimes all we want is a taste . Other times there's no such thing as enough , the glass is bottomless . And all we want , is more . 
boo you < PROPMALE > state !!! exhausted and going to bed !... can't wait to go visit < PROPMALE > Copfer at Wooster !!!! =) 
today is going fantastically ! hopefully my night will be just as great ! =) 
and it takes my breath away ... everytime 
But can you feel this magic in the air ? It must have been the way you kissed me . Fell in love when I saw you standing there , it must have been the way ... today was a fairytale . 
MOVIE NIGHT ! =) 
my heart is blind but i don't care ' cause when i'm with you everything has disappeared and every time i hold you near i never wanna let you go 
No matter how much we hurt them , the people that are still with you at the end of the day - those are the ones worth keeping . 
There's a wild , wild whisper blowin ' in the wind , callin ' out my name like a long lost friend . Oh , I miss those days as the years go by . Oh , nothing's sweeter than summertime and American < PROPFEMALE > . 
watching desperate housewives and studying for child psych the rest of the night 
You know that you are the only one I promise the stars ... you are . 
You can't kiss an < PROPFEMALE > girl unexpectedly . You can only kiss her sooner than she thought you would . -- HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY ! =) 
fuck you < PROPMALE > state security !!!!... assholessss 
I learned to give love and get love unconditionally . You just have to accept people for what they are , and I learned the greatest gift of all . The saddest thing in life is wasted talent , and the choices that you make will shape your life forever . 
Now you don't wanna let go and I don't wanna let you know , there might be something real between us two . Who knew ? Now we don't wanna fall but we're tripping in our hearts . And it's reckless and clumsy cause I know you can't love me here . 
leaving for Texas after my sociology exam ... thennnnn Ecstasy Carnival Cruise here I come ! =) 
in texas until saturday ... loving this weather =) 
Lookin ' back at the moments , black white , I wouldn't change a thing that changed my life . For the worse , for the better , man , I was gone , gone forever . 
blisters on the balls of your feet = big ouchy :( 
Do you know when to walk away ? Do you know when not to take less than you deserve ? 
No matter how your heart is grieving , if you keep on believing , the dream that you wish will come true . 
There's a dream that I've been chasing ... want so bad for it to be reality . And when you hold my hand , then I understand that ... it's meant to be . <3 
fyi : turning the light on to use the bathroom in the middle of the night may cause cancer .... thanks for that little bit of info < PROPFEMALE > Gertsma 
He comes on with his big , innocent farm boy routine , but I could see through that in a Peloponnesian minute . 
home for a little bit then BG to visit Cassee Collins ! 
We met it seems , such a short time ago . You looked at me , needing me so . Yet from your sadness , our happiness grew . Then I found out , I need you , too . I remember how we used to play . I recall those rainy days , the fires glowed , that kept us warm . And now I find , we're both alone . Goodbye may seem forever , farewell is like the end . But in my heart's a memory , and there you'll always be . 
just like a dream , you are not what you seem 
OSU with < PROPMALE > Copfer to see < PROPFIRST > Weber =) 
:) 
Somewhere out there beneath the pale moonlight , someone's thinking of me and loving me tonight . <3 
i'll be the wings that keep your heart in the clouds 
\Why does it have to be follow the spiders ? Why can't it be follow the butterflies ! \"" 
And I need you now tonight , and I need you more than ever , and if you only hold me tight we'll be holding on forever . And we'll only be making it right , cause we'll never be wrong . Together we can take it to the end of the line 
“If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together ... there is something you must always remember : you are braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . But the most important thing is , even if we're apart ... I'll always be with you . ” 
just took a 4 hour nap .... ha oops .... now time to start studying ugh 
Il n'est rien de réel que < PROPFEMALE > rêve et l'amour . <3 
two more finals finishing packing then HOMEEE ! =) 
Let's sail away , where no problems can find us . We've got 90 days , to watch that ole < PROPFEMALE > sun rise and leave all our troubles behind us . It's gonna be another flip flop summer <3 
“I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long . If we're in each other's dreams , we can be together all the time . ” 
i hope it rains on the stupid guy working on the siding of my house , right outside my bedroom window , who keeps hammering and banging on stuff , so i can go back to sleep since he woke me up with all this ruckus ! plus it's giving me a headache =( 
going for a runnn then work from 5-10 tonight 
Something tells me that this is going to make sense . Something tells me it’s going to take < PROPFEMALE > . Something tells me that this will all work out in the end . 
gym and iron man 2 with < PROPFEMALE > Jeziorski .... love < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > days =) 
hmmmm .... 
work work work work work .... 
thunderstorm <3 
nap time ? i think yesss ! 
I hear you calling out my name . All of the elements will fade . Never before has love looked safe , never again will it look the same ... <3 
sleeeep ... working 8-4 then gymmm 
hot tubbb ! =) 
I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I'd love you to love me . <3 
Glee <3 
< PROPFEMALE > on , < PROPFEMALE > on ... as if nothing really matters . 
bonfire and hot tubin tonighttt =) 
workkk at 5 thennn out afterrr 
La-De-Da-De-Da :P 
seriously ? irritated . babysitting all day then work 6-10 :( 
working at jcp with no AC this week is shitty i just about melted today ... not looking forward to dealing with it tomorrow night again =( 
Kiss me all night ... don't ever let me go <3 
chipotle <3 , work 5-11 thennn who knowss 
worrrkkk 6-10 then possibly fireworks if i get out early enough 
seriously ? can't trust anyone anymore ... i'm tired of getting screwed over 
But can you feel this magic in the air ? It must have been the way you kissed me . Fell in love when I saw you standing there , it must have been the way ... Today was a fairytale . 
work 3-11 :( 
When the lights go out , we'll be safe and sound . We'll take control of the world , like it's all we have to hold on to ... And we'll be a dream . 
Maybe I know , somewhere deep in my soul , that love nver lasts . And we've got to find other ways to make it alone , or keep a straight face . And i've always lived like this .. keeping a comfortable distance . And , up until now , I had sworn to myself that I am content with loneliness . Because none of it was ever worth the risk ... But darlin ' you are the only exception . 
Cedar Point :) 
Because we only have one life . Exciting in the moment , all seems so right . So would you say you're mine ? ( We'll be just fine <3 ) 
is in need of a very big hug right about now :( 
I've only got forever and forever is fine ... just take your time . We'll stop the clock together and know that the timing was right . 
TEXAS .... be home in a week ! 
cleaning out all of my closets and drawers ... this is going to take awhile 
just when things start to get better they all have to fall apart again ... of course :\\ 
I know a spot , down on the river , underneath the sycamore tree . Save all your kisses up , bring on your sweet love , pour it all over me . All over me . 
hooray for cable and internet being back =) 
yessss THUNDERSTORMS <3 
catching up on all the reading i haven't been doing for my classes ... ugh ... let's see how interesting the autobiography of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can be ... i'm guessing i'll fall asleep after 2 minutes 
why do i always wake up so early on my days to sleep in !!! grrr 
sooo tired ... napping for FOREVER 
X ?!!! super tired so goodnight ! class till 3 tomorrow then my first day at the jcp at chappel hill mall ... things are finally turning around ! 
You’ve no clue what you do to me . And we’ll both fall , we’ll lose it all . \ 
We’ll have each other\ 
and we won’t make the same mistake . \ 
' Cause we have had it together\ 
and we’re smarter than before . \ 
We have have been through the world\ 
and we know that there is more ... when you find the one that you’re looking for . <3 
Workkkk 9-5 =( 
formal pledging and 2nd meeting tonight at the < PROPFIRST > o house ! then i really need to get some of this homework done 
busy day tomorrow ... class till 3 ... work right after 3:30 - 9:30 ... then study study studyall night for my oceanography exam on thursday ! ahhh i'm not ready for exams to be coming up already ! :( 
A little consideration , a little thought for others , makes all the difference . 
class till 3 ... making blocksss ... work 6- 10:30 ... then sleep over at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > houseee ! =) 
I'm just a girl , standing in front of a boy , asking him to love her . 
Each day is a new canvas to paint upon . Make sure your picture is full of life and happiness , and at the end of the day you won't look at it and wish you had painted something different . 
i'm tired of crying all the time :( this year was not supposed to be this stressful i'm supposed to be having fun 
workkk 1- 6:30 then meeting at the < PROPFIRST > o house tonighttt .... \C\ " day for big/little week ... super excited =) " 
milkyway rice krispie treats !?!?! what could be better ? you are a genious big ... thank you so much they are delicious ! :) 
i need to figure out how to turn the heat on in my house ! lol it's freezing in here ! i'm retarded and don't know how to do it =( 
wheat thins are seriously the most addicting snack food EVER ! i can't even bring myself to put the box down ... this is bad . 
already off to a good start today ... first class was cancelled ! so now just class till 3 then work 5- 9:30 
dear car , thanks for the flat tire on the way home from work , you're a doll .... grrr i couldn't pick up my present from my big today because of you !!! 
I ABSOLUTELY ADORE MY BIG < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Foraker <3 AND THE ENTIRE < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY !!!! 
just made myself probably the best salad ever ! now probably cleaning and studying the rest of the day ! 
nap , work 5- 9:30 , then study study study for my conflict management exam tomorrow 
coffee <3 , what ever would i do without you ? 
soooo who wants to go ice skating with me tonight !?!?!?! 
car ... i seriously despise you !!! 
i won't worry my life away <3 
people are so rude .. they only ever think about themselves ... do they ever stop to realize how what they're doing affects other people ? seriously ticked off 
i seriously just cannot wait for this year to just be over with already ... 
Here we are again . I feel the chemicals kickin ' in , it's gettin ' heavier . I wanna run and hide , I wanna run and hide . I do it every time . You're killin ' me now , and I won't be denied by you . The animal inside of you . 
lunch at Chipotle with < PROPFEMALE > Gertsma :) ... rec ... class at 2:15 ... volunteering at < PROPFEMALE > Larlham at 4:45 ... and hopefully out laterrr ! 
\You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up . \"~ The Goonies <3 " 
i got my hopes up only for you to bring them crashing to the ground ... i feel dumb :( 
< PROPFEMALE > light , < PROPFEMALE > bright , first < PROPFEMALE > I see tonight . I wish I may , I wish I might , have this wish I wish tonight . <3 
workkk ... songfest practiceee ... and scheduling classess ... attempt to study too i guesss =) 
BG tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Bielinski and < PROPFEMALE > Giaco !!! then getting crazy in < PROPMALE > tomorrow night for Halloweeennn !!! =) 
sleeeeeep .... work 4:30 to close then outttt !!!! 
DJ turn it up ! It’s about damn time to live it up . I’m so sick of being so serious , it’s making my brain delirious !... I’m just talkin’ truth . 
writing essays for the rest of my life =( 
Are you gonna kiss me or not ? Are we gonna do this or what ? I think you know I like you a lot , but you’re ‘bout to miss your shot . Are you gonna kiss me or not ? 
mmmm bagel bites ! =) workk at 5 till 9:30 then studying the rest of the night woohooo how fun this night shall be ... yuh no 
p.s. i miss you ... :/ 
I never had no one I could count on , I've been let down so many times . I was tired of hurtin ' , so tired of searchin ' , ' til you walked into my life . It was a feelin ' I'd never known . And for the first time , I didn't feel alone . 
hmmm what to do ... what to do .... 
decided i should stop being such a bum ... forcing myself to get out of bed and start my day 
... and you come away with a great little story , of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you ... 
mmmm < PROPFEMALE>'s and coffee ... so good ! 
ugh i'm so dumb sometimes .... work 8- 5:30 then watching my lovely chi-o's perform at songfest ..... then out !!!!! 
Happy Birthday to my dad < PROPFIRST > Cannella ! I love you so much ! 
I'll < PROPFEMALE > on you and you < PROPFEMALE > on me and we'll be okay . 
ATTENTION : This Friday , November 12 , is The 2nd Annual < PROPFIRST > O Casino ! Come dressed in your best Vegas-style outfit at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > house from 5-9 PM for a night filled with games like Poker , Black < PROPFIRST > , etc . There will also be raffles , prizes , and even a petting zoo ! All proceeds go to The Make a Wish Foundation . Come support and help make someones wish come true ! 
will be sooo excited if this actually works out !... maybe something good will happen this year for once ... 
Don't make me promises , baby you never did know how to keep them well . I've had the rest of you , now I want the best of you , it's time for show and tell . ' Cause I want it all , or nothing at all . There's nowhere left to fall . When you reach the bottom it's now or never ... 
i absolutely love watching the food channel .. i just wish i could be one of the people who gets paid to go around and eat everything ... oh if only ... 
sooo i guess i need a date for saturday ... any takers ? 
Ohana means family ... family means no one gets left behind ... or forgotten <3 
nap . rec . then ?... text with plans for later ! 
Cheeomunga tonight !!! <3 
bedddd and work 12- 6:30 woooo ... lets see how this works out ... 
< PROPFIRST > o thanksgiving ! thennn < PROPMALE > potter ! :) 
working 5- 9:30 thenn finally home for a few days to see the family for thanksgiving !!! =) 
computer can you please start working already !?!?! i am going through withdrawl ! 
Save all your kisses up , bring on your sweet love , pour it all over me ... all over me . 
please don't tell me i'm getting sick right before finals !!!... ugh nap , rec , and out if i feel better =/ 
should probably start on these six essays i have to write for my history final ... this sucksss 
workkk 1-7 then hopefully finishing these essays tonight ! 
start living ... that's the next thing on my list ... 
i'm really hoping work calls me and tells me just not to come in tonight so i don't have to be terrified driving all the way there ... that would be lovely ... but somehow i don't see it happening =/ 
could really go for a strawberry cheesequake blizzard from dairy < PROPFEMALE > right now 
thank you dodge stratus for adding even more stress to my already stressful life ... i hate you 
so unbelieveably irritated ... people today are incredibly selfish and rude 
\Life is the most spectacular show on Earth . \ " <3 " 
watching Big Daddy and relaxing after this stressful week 
t-t -t-t- today < PROPMALE > ! 
i love that the first day i'm back home my mom has lasagna made and ready for me =) 
if good news could just come my way for once that'd be great .... 
Life isn't always easy , it's full of tough decisions and heartache ... and things don't always work out the way we hoped . Life just doesn't come with guarantees . And while it's true that sometimes , by avoiding taking a < PROPMALE > on people , we can avoid some heartache . However , we might also miss out on the best times of our life . Don't be afraid to love . 
Just remember - when you think all is lost , the future remains . 
iiii love < PROPFEMALE > Bielinski :) 
really ... i would be getting sick this week of all weeks =( 
nappy nap then part two of initiation tonight ! 
watching a bronx tale and falling asleep <3 
it's a first kiss , it's flawless , really somethin ... it's fearless <3 
snowww dayyy !!! going to make pancakes and frolick in the snow with < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
i owe my neighbors BIG TIME they basically saved mine and < PROPFIRST>'s asses today 
Love is an irresistible < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistibly < PROPFEMALE > d . 
i hate sewing by hand it sucksss 
shipwrecked date party tonighttt ! =) 
tip : do not use elemers glue to make your own hair accesories ... reult : glue will melt in hot dance area and be everywhere in hair 
my sister and mommy are coming todayyy !!! =) 
back to bedddd ! 
Everything has beauty , but not everyone sees it . 
Oh Glee , I love you more and more after every episode . <3 
ice skating with two of my favorite people tonight :) 
rec , lip sync practice , and studying all night 
i seriously hate friday classes ... i wouldn't mind them as much if my profs didn't give me exams on that day ! 
meow :) 
job interview , mall , and grocery shoppingg =) 
hey remote you can come out now , i'm tired of playing hide-n-seek 
let me show you what you're missin ' ... PARADISE 
weekends are for the warriors <3 
jello shots ? i think yesss =) 
one drink turns into two drinks , three drinks turns into dancing <3 
\they used to laugh at my belly now they want to rub\ " ... lmao " 
male swimmers seriously have like the sexiest bodies ever 
\I like things that make alot of noise : guns and boys . \ " hahah I love That 70's Show " 
i'm so tired of wasting my time waiting on people 
yess goodfellas is on <3 
i'm cold and i'm wet :( this calls for some hot coacoa and snuggling up in my bed to watch movies 
No plans this Friday ? Come to the 4th annual Sloppy Joes with the < PROPFIRST > Os event ! It runs from 5-8 PM at the < PROPFIRST > O house . Admission is $5 ( which covers all you can eat sloppy joes , chips and desserts ! ) Hope to see you all there ! :) 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure it's worth watching . 
i need more time to get things in order ... i feel so rushed with everything lately :( 
i'm like ketchup , i go good on everything 
a much needed break in texas for some relaxation and sunshine =) 
Suddenly the moment’s here ... I embrace my fears , all that I have been carrying all these years . Do I risk it all ? Come this far just to fall ? 
Cause I heard Jesus he drank wine \ 
And I bet we'd get along just fine \ 
He could calm a storm and heal the blind \ 
And I bet he'd understand a heart like mine 
I NEED COFFEE !!!! 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy . 
beginning of the busiest week of my life .... can it just be friday already ?!?!?! 
study study study , coffee coffee cofee , study study study ,... ' bout to be one long ass night if you ask me 
