FOOD !!! 

I GOTTA FIND A JOB !!!!! 
Schedules , Schedules , Schedules , Schedules ... 
Who has second Lunch on even day ?? I am sitting alone at a table with freshman at this point !!!! 
And I crashed down and I tumbled , but i did not crumble . I got through all the pain . I didn't know my own strength . I wasn't built to break , no , no . I got to know my own strength . 
Anybody who is still loving < PROPFIRST > Lautner's chest say HOTNESS !! Just to spite < PROPFIRST > , explain what you love about it !! 
Got an Ipod Nano for Christmas . Going up to B-more tomorrow to visit the family . 
Now I know , y'all are watching \Whip my Hair\ " on abc " 
I just realized ( no offense to anyone ) that Ke$ha is unattractive . 
Just so psyched for everyone to blow up my phone . ( Note the sarcasm ) Let's do it this way : Happy New Years and don't text me- I will see your status . 
I just realized that my cheese package no longer comes with the red line that you tear to open the cheese . WHY MUST THEY CHANGE THINGS ?! 
“Even though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still friends . ” 
Im piling up the dead bodies . And making more . Watch out everyone !! ( Charmagne Evans , < PROPFIRST > Goldsmith , < PROPFEMALE > Butler ) 
Take my kindness for Weakness and I will take your life as a joke . 
I like the fact that it snowed and no one came outside to play in it with me and the fact that i can't make a decent snowman without the snow crumbling away !! 
I NEED A JOB !!!!!!! 
Okay so i wished for school tomorrow because i was bored and now i am realizing that there is a 99.99% < PROPMALE > we are going . I hate wishing ! 
Just signed up for my first SAT test !!! March 13 , here i come ! 
Have no words to describe how i feel right now 
I have to squeeze prayer time in between my ' failing grades , no job and sucky character ' . I wonder how thats gonna happen ? 
Each of us is something of a schizophrenic personality , tragically divided against ourselves . ~ Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. , Strength to Love , 1963 
Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life , but define yourself . For my seventh block peoples 
So have to start on my sociology project . Bad Procrastinator , Bad ! You waited until the absolute last moment . Bad Procrastinator ! 
So ... 1:40 for people coming with me . SAT ends at 12:45 . Should we get something to eat before hand ? < PROPFIRST > Kingston < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Young < PROPFEMALE > Butler < PROPFIRST > Goldsmith 
So i looked up the movie . 2:05 for non 3D OR 2:30 for 3D . And we will buy tickets early , and then eat !!! (before the movie ) 
Here's the plan : leave school , buy tickets , sit down and eat , then watch movie( 2:30 ) , and everyone goes home !!! YAY !!! < PROPFIRST > Kingston < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Goldsmith < PROPFEMALE > Butler < PROPFEMALE > Young 
So SAT just blew my brains to pieces ! 10 freaking sections- 4 hours long- Weird proctors . Then went to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! That sort of rounded it out . NOT ! My brain is still mush . 
has found her prom dress even though its 3 months early ! 
understands the need to make yourself feel better , but doing it at my expense will get you nowhere . Know why ? Because I just don't give a flying monkey . 
So my internet is back up again . I realized that I wouldn't survive without my technology . Its the government's fault . All these new fangled inventions that are ruining my non existent life . 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” 
Is in Elon , NC . And all I am seeing are Mexicans , Caucasians , old Caucasians and blaxicans . There are no black people down here !! Why not ?! Its North < PROPFEMALE > ! ( No Offense to anyone out there . ) 
is back in VA and sincerely hoping that we didn't have any homework over spring break . If we did , I didn't do it . 
Tell me that we belong together , Dress it up with the trappings of love . I'll be captivated , I'll < PROPFEMALE > from your lips , Instead of the gallows of heartache that < PROPFEMALE > from above . -\I'll Be\ " < PROPMALE > McCain " 
My Kaa-San called my name in the Wal-Mart and I spun around in circles for 5 minutes trying to find where her voice was coming from . Turns out she was only a couple feet away . Lets all point and whisper at the girl spins around in circles . In public . 
Vote for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . The link is on my wall 
VOTE FOR < PROPFIRST > !!!! SO WE CAN SEE HIM ON GLEE !!! http://www.myspace.com/gleeauditions?link=529081361 
The stupid neither forgive nor forget ; the naive forgive and forget ; the wise forgive but do not forget . - < PROPFIRST > Szasz 
\One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Butler Yeats And i can guarantee I'm going to get more and more angrier the more this goes on . Somebody has got to go . " 
Saw Iron Man 2 last night with my peoples ... EVERYBODY I know showed up . EWWW 
If I didn't talk to you at the beginning of the year it was for a reason ; now it's the end of the year and you , for some odd reason , think that that reason has changed . Let me tell you : It hasn't . 
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others . -anonymous 
' s head is aching , back is aching and someone is going to die . 
The calm before the storm doesn't exist in this reality . 
The Red < PROPFEMALE > is trying to come into my castle . Lets see how long she'll last . 
I have literally locked my mother in her room so she can't get out and call my name ! Mwahahahahaha 
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a lot more to come ! Eat some cake for me ! < PROPFEMALE > Falls 
Loves < PROPMALE > of Tennis ! 
PROM !! 
Sometimes I wish I was back in Sicily , I could walk through the little towns and smell the food and ice cream and hear the murmurs of the people . I wouldn't have to worry about anything other than the peace and quiet of paradise . 
Celtics ! Celtics ! Celtics ! Celtics ! 
Had a dream Mrs. Cowling slapped the jimmies out of me . 
is officially a SENIOR !!!!! 
So the house's A/C is broken , its 99 degrees outside and i have to come here to finish cleaning before you know what gets here . Could it possibly get any hotter ? And does anyone have a fan that is the size of my house ? I'm Dying !!!! 
Duck and Cover !!! Its Coming !!! Duck and Cover !! 
Just donated blood for the first time ... my vein was so excited that it threw blood on my shirt and all over my arm . Mama said it was a big needle . then the blood wasn't pumping which meant i wasn't alive , but the needle was just too far in . Yea everyone was freaking out . Very interesting ... 
I want some Ritz Crackers !!! Rhyan Anderton give me some !!! I know you have some !!! 
I'm ready to go back to school . Vacation has gone on long enough . Nothing's happened and i am bored . School , please open !!! 
can we tie him to the bed and set this house on fire ? We're just gonna stand there and watch him burn ... 
Does anyone know anyone whose Senior Pictures are July 20 @ 3:15 ? 
A certain person in my immediate familiy is going to become a murderer , the Voluntary Manslaughter/Double Homicide kind . 
Senior Pics tomorrow at 3:15 . What Joy ... 
Laugh as much as you choose , but you will not laugh me out of my opinion . \ 
-Pride and Prejudice 
The Apocalypse of my Summer has arrived ... 
Lamb to the Slaughter ! 
Staying at the grandparents place . At least they have internet . Having fun , though , ducking and covering . 
So i got a new phone number which i am not going to put om here . So if u please , message my fb so i can make sure everyone's number right and then i'll give u mine 
Hope your satisfied with taking everything from us . 
Has failed in her attempt to start her summer assignments .. 
Has been sitting in traffic for the last 2 hours to go to a family reunion . Luckily all that juice drinking hasn't gone to my bladder ... yet 
< PROPFEMALE > just made my day ! 
I need a freaking Senior Quote !!! 
The Cove- Animal Planet Sunday @ 9 
I cried . It was so depressing . 
Every summer i procrastinate ... every summer the week b4 school i start my assignments . Every year . Glad its my last year ! 
Just got my big fat arm stuck behind the couch . Mama didnt help me until she was sure I wasn't kidding . My arm is still tingling ! 
I hate government 
Need Math Analysis assistance . This is just not working . 
( 1/2 ) With 3 AP classes and one of them double blocked , I realized today that I will have no life for the rest of my life because I'll be trying to finish 
( 2/2 ) homework . Wasnt like I had one before anyway ... 
Homework , Homework , Homework . 
Now just because I said what I said does not mean that we have to continue to talk about it . Do we < PROPFEMALE > Butler ??? 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s pizza is sooo good ! 
So because black is the absorption of all colors , I am every color in the rainbow and beyond ? 
Lets get this straight : Goofy IS a celebrity , back off !! 
SATs at Lakeland ... can we say brain dead Tira ? 
Sweet sweet sleep ... 
A ' squito bit me on my throat , a vampire ' squito . I hate ' squitos . 
MY THROAT ITCHES !!!!! 
Chile ! Chile ! Chile ! 1 down 32 more to go . 
I don't like you and you don't like me , so why do you continue to be fake ? We all know who I'm talking about . 
I do not have the emotional capacity to deal with people 
Yada means No 
I failed worse on that AP biology test than anything else I've ever taken . 
Eminem is Number 1 !!! Suck that Kanye ! 
She's breathing fire boy , you might want to find some flame retardant . 
Someone save from this person !!! 
If spiders weren't a necessity then there would be a genocide of spiders . Thats the 2nd one in two days . This one landed on my head . URGHH !!!! I hate spiders !!! 
I'm cold ... 
I lost my glasses ... I found them on my face ... 
I hate parades 
So if we go tomorrow but earlier will everyone be able to go ? 
They made me watch Paranormal Activity 2 . Now I won't be able to sleep tonight . This is your fault !!! 
That nap was soooo awesome ... 
So steak , ground beef and chicken breast describe what ? Come on three guesses 
Why in the world did I take 3 AP classes ?! 
He is NOT the world's best ! 
Threatened < PROPFEMALE>'s BF today . Don't think it affected him though . I can't wait till he messes up ! 
1560 this time . That sucks , i wanted a 1600 
It's the Great Pumpkin , < PROPFIRST > Brown ! 
I WANT TO SEE < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!!! 
The things I heard today were just horrifying and disgustingly nasty . If you were at my lunch table you know what I'm talking about ... 
I have applied to : < PROPFEMALE > Union University , Randolph-Macon University , Bridgewater University , St. < PROPFIRST>'s University , < PROPMALE > College 
I did none of the things ( homework and washing the car ) that I planned to do on Tuesday . Absolutely nothing . My car is sooo dirty ! 
I am so sick of people asking me if I did my homework , if they can see it , can I teach them how to do this and that , will I help them with their homework , can I take their stuff down to guidance , can I print something out for them , can they see my textbook when they can clearly see that I'm using it and talking to me when they know that today is not the day to be friendly . I am not here to help YOU . 
“Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and I'm not sure about the the universe . ” 
I have no manners ; I forgot to say Thank You !! 
I am soooo tired of people 
A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Orben 
“To be angry about trifles is mean and childish ; to rage and be furious is brutish ; and to maintain perpetual wrath is akin to the practice and temper of devils ... \ - < PROPMALE > Watts " 
I already apologized . I have nothing more to say to you . 
I have an obsessive fascination with emoticons . 
MY MOTHER JUST GAVE ME THE TICKETS TO A MIDNIGHT SHOWING OF < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE MY MOMMY !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter at 12:01 !!!! I'm going and you're not !!! 
There are some very freaky people out here tonight . 
I JUST GOT ACCEPTED TO < PROPFIRST > BALDWIN COLLEGE !!!!!!! 
These people in Philly drive like psychotics without medication . 
Girls have cooties ! 
He's my best friend\ 
You break his heart\ 
and I'll break your face . 
Birds can become drunk when eating fermented berries . Thats why there are no bushes on the highway because they can doodle into our windshields . The things we learn in AP Bio ... 
I know that someone knows how to title our AP gov't articles ? All i know is it has to be in Arial size 10 and something else 
I have to pee . 
Got into < PROPMALE > College !!! 
I'm diseased and all that good junk . I hate being diseased . 
\The Miracle of Life . \ " Nothing more to say . " 
Why don't you realize that you're not helping the situation ? Stop being blind . 
So we tore the bathroom door off the hinges wrestling , all that mattered was that it was fun ! 
Winter is nature's way of saying , \Up yours . \ " ~ Robert Byrne " 
I stomped the rebellion . You can't get rid of my band < PROPFEMALE > . Betrayers !!!! 
Suffolk website said they won't make a decision until they get a report early tomorrow morning , so I suggest we plan for school until someone checks the 530 or 6 am news . 
There is no school for Suffolk , you buttmonkeys . 
So my mother realized that I had a birthday coming up and thought that maybe I wanted a cake . So here we are on google , looking for 18th birthdday cake ideas . 
I would like Blackveil , This Side of the Grave , and Pale Demon . Netta Waller , They come out in February . Don't worry . I'll pre-order it ! 
I'm Hungry . 
Looks like we'll be going up to B-more after all . 
People who should not be on the freaking road : people over 40 , people who can't drive , people who aren't doing higher than the speedlimit , & people who brake 
So there's a good 2 inches or so of snow on the ground and its still falling . Looks like the weatherman was right this time . 
Should i do the question game ? Is it even fun ? 
Alright snow , I have money to spend and you are not letting me out . I am going to have to ask that you melt so I can shop and blow all my money . Please ! 
So my mom and I just walked 25 minutes both ways to get pizza that I ordered online . She wasnt going to drive me there . 
I am going to marry < PROPFIRST > Depp and repopulate the earth with our pretty babies !!! 
My mother wants me to do something for my birthday with my ' people ' . Any ideas ? 
“Dealing with complexity is an inefficient and unnecessary waste of time , attention and mental energy . There is never any justification for things being complex when they could be simple . ” < PROPFIRST > de Bono 
I hate trains . Can't they see I have to pee ? 
Saw Peter-Lawrence < PROPFIRST > today . Surprise ! 
Does hitting someone with a truck constitute as violence ? If so , I so broke my pledge . Good thing I took off the bracelets . \ 
( < PROPFIRST > Goldsmith and < PROPFEMALE > Young and < PROPFEMALE > Young and < PROPMALE > Waller Jr. ) 
Who in the world knew we had a delay ? I'm up and dressed and look Suffolk- 2 hour delay ! Why couldn't they tell me that earlier ! 
So ... I was just looking at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s status and realized that senioritis really is kicking in . I'm supposed to be looking for scholarships and making sure college junk is straight . I can't wait until I get into college and hopefully everything will smooth out by then cuz ShaTira does not like to be in hectic situations . I should probably get on those scholarships . 
This week was just not the week . I'm just so tired of everything right now . 
RAVENS !!! I have no clue whats going on but here I am talking trash . RAVENS !!! 
I had a dream that my name was called for graduation and instead of cheers from my people , it was dead silent . No one had screamed my name , whisstled or cheered for me . How depressing . I hope that doesn't happen on graduation day . 
I am not a Momma Bear . 
Sitting out in the cold car because he officially kicked us out . Thanks a lot 
So my mother says to take off my previous status and put up another one . So here is my new status : Hello World . 
On my way to Laser Tag party 
Once again , im by myself in the corner . As usual . 
I really really need a job . And I know you working people know the places that are hiring . I will find you if you don't tell me . Please . 
“Stress : The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's basic < PROPFEMALE > to choke the living daylights out of some jerk who desperately deserves it” 
So ... American Idol ... The Lion Sleeps Tonight 
Three Day weekend !!! 
Will you love me foreber and eber and eber ? -Chuckie 
We are teaching < PROPMALE > how to drive and he just tried to rearend me . Can we say no more driving for < PROPMALE > ? 
I would appreciated it greatly if someone generously donated about oh 10 or 15 bucks in addition to my 18 bucks so that I can buy Blackveil by < PROPFEMALE > Britain tomorrow after school . Seriously , I can't wait until Friday . Come on , You know you want to , can't you hear Barnes and < PROPMALE > stocking up on them in an hour and 38 minutes . You know you would . 
Rather if anyone would love to donate to my senior trip , I would appreciate that more than my Blackveil book . :) 
So my Nansemond River girls , < PROPFEMALE > Young , < PROPFEMALE > Teasley and I are looking for our fourth roommate for the Senior Trip since our last roommate ditched . Anyone interested please sign up below and we will seriously consider your application . lol 
is still looking for a fourth roommate for Senior Trip . I will continue to take ' applications ' until February 7th . ( Not You Mommy ) 
Seriously , I need a roommate for the Senior Trip . I know you're out there , lonely and needing a room to sleep in for those 4-5 days . 
A woman in the grocery store purposely hit me with her cart after she told me to ' go ahead ' 
Got into < PROPFEMALE > Union University . Now I've been accepted to all colleges that I applied to . So far so good 
This Halftime show sucks . 
It is sooo naptime . Im tired of people and school . This just need to hurry up and get over . 
I must have missed the memo that said its prom time . Its 5 months away you psychos . Calm Down ! 
So I've had my prom dress for a while now . I just need shoes and a purse . See I'm way ahead of you psychos 
I think Mrs. Frizzle needs to make an AP Biology segment . Maybe it would help me pass . 
My mother says I'm like a firework . One that lights up at ( sometimes wrong ) moments like \ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >.\"" 
I want to know where in the heck does Gaga get all these freaky ugly outfits . 
THE PSYCHO FROM THE BACHELOR IS GONE !!!!!!!!! THE DAY WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR !!! 
“Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I feel like somone should buy me a #1 sandwich from Chick Fil A . It will be $3.11 with tax . Really someone should . 
Things I've accomplished today : Getting Breakfast from McD's in my pjs . Totally awesome . 
It's been awhile since I just laid in bed and read . Felt awesome . Tho I should probably roll over and find out if I had homework . Yeah that won't happen . 
\TomTira\ " is the dumbest thing i've ever heard < PROPFIRST > say . " 
Mr. Goin- 3 or 4 hours tomorrow . Really ? Someone shoot me now . 
I want you to know that my psychotic brother ( < PROPMALE > ) can't drive but got his permit . So watch out , he got it Saturday . Beware ! 
I'm getting tired of these freshmen who are trying to make a name for themselves . I am not the person you should be whispering about because I will come find you and it will get ugly . I guarantee you that . 
So I just witnessed < PROPFEMALE > Young < PROPMALE > Waller Jr. and Daysha break into < PROPFEMALE>'s house because she forgot her keys . < PROPFEMALE > stood < PROPMALE>'s shoulders and Daysha was the spotter . I of course was the getaway car . Hilarious ! 
Red Riding Hood with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Tiarra 
So we're sitting in < PROPFIRST>'s Crabshack and my wonderful birthday mother just pulled a hunk of meat out of the claw . She was so proud she let a triumphant Ha ! 
There are no words to describe how horrible I just failed that test . No words at all ... 
The cop is following us ! He's trying to give us a ticket ! Not gonna catch us ! 
< PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > Baldwin ? Decisions Decisions ... 
“Talk may be cheap but intelligent conversation is very expensive these days . Ask anyone with a kid in college . ” 
Waiting on my money ! 
I think that seniors should stop coming to school in January . What else is there to do after you've been accepted to college ? 
Is beyond irritated at insensitive people . 
Senioritis : noun ; A crippling disease that strikes high school seniors . Symptoms include : laziness , an over-excessive wearing of track pants , old athletic shirts , sweatpants , athletic shorts , and sweatshirts . Also features a lack of studying , repeated absences , and a generally dismissive attitude . The only known cure is a phenomenon known as Graduation . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cunanan I AM OFFICIALLY STALKING YOU FOR MY MULA 
Lieve vader , ik wil dat je weet dat je ernstig me irriteren op de wekelijkse en als ik je kon schieten in je ogen , zou ik . In een hartslag . 
