Bring on the weight loss .... because I am so going to win this ! I am pumped ! 

HOME ! oh how I have missed the internet ! How sad is that ?? 
Done with the first book and I can't believe how addicted I am ! 
I am super excited about celebrating my birthday this weekend ! Bring on the excitement ! 
Why do I let the past interfere with how far I have come now in the present ! 
What an awesome birthday camping trip ! Thanks Friends ... you are all amazing ! 
Kinda looking forward to putting 26 behind me ! 
Thank you everyone for the many birthday wishes and celebrations . I am so blessed to have so many wonderful friends ! 
Children amaze me ! There have been so many days that my mood has changed due to the simple acts of children and their joy for life ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Pool Party today ... I am so excited ! 
I hate days like today when I can't seem to dismiss negative thoughts out of my head ! 
There is always another < PROPMALE > to pay ... does it ever get any easier ? 
One more day of work and than 2 days off !! Time to have some fun :) 
I am not sure where my day went . Maybe I should get out of the house and do something ! 
I am happy but realizing there is a big part missing in my life ! 
I really want to go to the Shock game this weekend ! Anyone else want to go ? 
Is excited for < PROPFEMALE > and I's Christmas in July party on the 25th ... so many ideas already ! 
I think I have FINALLY decided it is time to start studying for the nursing exam again ! Shocker I know ! 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > paint her kitchen today . I am so excited ... I love to paint ! 
One more little thing added on to all the other little things might ( probably will ) cause me to loose it ! GRRR ... 
I need to start sleeping at night so I don't have to take 4 hr naps in the afternoon ! 
After chasing an inner tube down < PROPFIRST > I am now ready to do some reviewing for the NCLEX ! 
So excited to go float the river today ! 
Too many adventures on the river today ... including loosing 2 sets of car keys ! 
STUDYING ! So much to know and understand ... not sure even where to begin ! 
I am so excited about Saturday that everyother day seems to drag on ! 
I just worked from 4:30 am till 5:15 pm straight ... what a long day ! And now I get to go back in less than 12 hrs . :( 
It is TOMORROW ! I am so excited ! 
Last night was SO much fun ! I really think Christmas In July is going to have to be an annual event ! 
I want to go camping this weekend ... any suggestions of good places to go near water ! 
My work day was WAY too long and a bit too eventful today ! Ready to go watch some baseball with friends ! 
YEAH ... 2 days off !! Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Prankin ' it up ... and lovin ' it ! 
I quickly realized after stepping on a treadmill to run how horribly out of shape I am ! Not a good feeling ! 
The number of things that I have procrastinated on recently has gotten so big I am now forgeting about them ! NOT GOOD ! 
It should not bother me but it does ... I should not care ! 
FYI ... I have a talent for pushing people away :( 
Off for 2 days ! A very much needed break from work ! 
I am attempting to make cinnamon rolls from scratch for the first time ... hopefully things work out 
I wish I had another day to recover from the weekend ... oh well it was worth it ! 
The one that SHOULD be so much more ! 
I need someone to be me for a week and get my life back together for me ... any volunteers ;) 
Exhausted ... time for bed ! 
Getting excited for the weekend even though I don't have any plans yet ! 
I get to sleep in tomorrow !! YEAH ! 
I don't want summer to end ! Can we start it all over again ? 
\The better part of one's life consists of his friendships . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! I had no idea you had so many pictures of me :) !! 
I just saw \The Ugly Truth\ " I was laughing pretty much the entire time ! " 
Only 2 weeks till Flogging < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I want to go to Pig out in the Park tomorrow night . Anyone want to join me ? 
I had a really fun laid back night ! And now I have to work in 3 hours ... this should be interesting ! 
Montana bound with a lot of coffee to drink and some music to pump me up ! I will NOT fall asleep !! :) 
September is not a good time to see waterfalls in glacier ! And the \weeping wall\ " was definately just dripping ! " 
My parents laughed at me when I said we should go on the Zip Line at Big Mountain ! I guess that isn't going to happen . 
Stoked to be back in Spokane but not excited about the 10 days of work I have ahead of me ! 
In 3 days I have gone from having a house with 2 roommates ... to no roommates and giving notice and not having a place to live ... to thinking about living in a camper or on couches ... to now being offered the opportunity to live with two amazing people . The future really does change quick ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
I am so excited about going to see Flogging < PROPFEMALE > on Wednesday and just as excited that I don't have to work at 4 am the next morning anymore ! 
Making a cheesecake tonight ! 
The Flogging < PROPFEMALE > Concert was amazing !! I really did not know what I was getting myself into .... my feet hurt so bad today but it was 100% worth it ! 
I am so ready for Deutsche Fest ! This is going to be an awesome weekend ! 
I am feeling a little lost ... :( 
Vikings WIN ! OH YEAH ! 2-0 so far this season ! 
I don't even know where to start with packing ... moving is way too time consuming ! 
Pulling a wagon with 2 kids in it is a lot harder than you would think !... Workout for today ... check ! 
I am starting to get excited about this weekend again ! Bring it on ! 
TGIF !!!! Off to work I go ! 
Red wine and packing are the perfect combination ! 
Excited for the home opener for hockey tonight and than hanging out with a pretty awesome group of friends ! 
Great friends ... Drinks ... a fire ... good conversation with lots of laughter and maybe a little bit of packing sounds like the perfect plan for this evening ! 
3 days off and ALOT of organizing to do .... I hate moving ! Time to get rid of stuff ! 
I am super excited for Monday night football ! Now I just have to find somewhere to watch it ! 
It has been a very uneventful weekend ... which is just what I needed ! 
Sometimes the best thing to do is to get rid of everything that connects you to another person so that you can fully move on ! 
I hate that today was only my \monday\ " and I am already in need of a day off ! " 
Words of advice ... When drinking with < PROPFEMALE > know that she is an amazing hostess but you will be better off if you fill your own glass :) 
I love that I get to watch my too favorite sports today live ! Football and Hockey ... my day can not get much better :) 
Confession ... It is almost 2 and I am still in bed ! I never do this ! 
I just bought my halloween costume ! I am so ready to go back to the 50's! 
Ready to watch some amazing women play hockey ! This should be exciting ! 
Got my Halloween costume ! I love it ! Now I just need to work on my self confidence to wear it :) 
Moderation .... thats all I need to say about that ! :) 
What was I thinking ?? :( 
I love that I just realized the night before the party that my costume is an XS not a Large ... and the whole time I have been stressing ! definately not a size 0-2 WOW !!! 
I had an awesome time last night ! I loved having so many friends in one place . 
Is it bad that it is after Halloween but I still want to carve my pumpkin ! 
I need some motivation !!!! 
I am so done with being sick ! Hopefully the \drug store\ " < PROPFEMALE > brought me today will help :) " 
YOU HAVE TO JUST TRY IT !.... go to the bottom of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > and change the language to English ( pirate ) it is awesome ! 
I was told again tonight that I have not seen enough good movies so I need everyones help ... What movies do I absolutely need to see ? 
Working at my \old\ " starbucks tonight . It has been a long time and I am really excited ! " 
I might have just changed the course of my life with a couple words .... SCARY but exciting ! Right choice ... I am still not sure ! 
I've learned that if you pursue happiness , it will elude you But , if you focus on your family , your friends , the needs of others , and doing the very best you can , happiness will find you 
< PROPMALE > Lake , a pitcher of Sangria , shots fired , 21 ... oh i mean 22 sighting , 4 < PROPFEMALE > trash cans ... Oh what a night but totally worth it ! 
Two more days of work and than I don't work again till Thanksgiving ! I am so ready for a break from it all ! 
Montana here I come ! 6 days of no work , family time , and lots of amazing food ! 
Little sisters always get their way ... I love you but you know it is true ! 
I am so excited to have Thanksgiving with my family tomorrow ! I am so thankful that we can all be together ! It has been a long time ! 
Due to all my mom's amazing skills in the kitchen I think I am going to come back to Spokane tomorrow 10 lbs heavier ! So worth it :) 
Home sweet home ! But spending Thanksgiving at Starbucks ... please come visit me ! 
It is amazing to me how much a 2 year old can make me laugh ! I forget all too often about the simple things in life :) 
I can't even explain how excited I am to have a day off tomorrow ... 9 days straight of work really got to me ! Oh what should I do tomorrow ?? 
Oh how I love red wine :) 
Going to find an ugly christmas sweater for the hockey game tonight ... that should not be hard to find ! 
Nervous !! 
Is it really almost Christmas .... because it doesn't feel like it ! It is going to be really different this year :( 
I spent 10 1/2 hours of my Christmas at Starbucks :( It was a very different day so I might have to have my own Christmas another day ! 
Making $24/hour just made working 10 hrs on christmas completely worth it ! 
It is crazy to think that if things would have gone as planned I would be celebrating 4 years of marriage today ... things really do happen for a reason ! 
Blue 
I had a great first week of \starbucks biggest loser\ " but this coming week is going to be even better ! oh yeah ! " 
So excited for Saturday ... I haven't gone out downtown in a long time and it will be great to spend time with friends ! 
Going into week #3 of \Starbucks Biggest Loser\ " and still going strong ! I feel so much better and love the extra energy I have ! " 
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it . The time will pass anyway ; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use . ~ Earl Nightingale 
I am searching for that part of myself that I found a few months ago ... the confident and strong side of me ... I need to find that again ! 
is hoping the Vikings play their best game this season today ! 
Just went to my first Zumba class .... I LOVE it ! Learning how to shake my hips ! 
Frustrated ! 3 weeks of working out 5-7 days/week and I haven't lost anything the last couple weeks ! I am starting to lose my motivation :( 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
A glass of wine can make almost any day better ! 
Mmmm ... Cap'n Crunch ! Thank you Rosauers Cereal Sale for making me feel like a kid again ! 
I am sick AGAIN ! When will I get a break ? 
Finally feeling better ! Goal for the next 6 months = staying healthy ! 
In Great Falls for a couple of days to take care of my mom after her surgery . I told her I was going to have to put a shock collar on her because she keeps trying to do things she shouldn't be doing ! 
I am so excited to have my computer up and running again ! 
Taxes done ... Check Bills paid ... Check Half a bottle of wine gone ... CHECK !!! 
45 mins on the treadmill + 30 mins lifting + 1 hour zumba class = one burnt out < PROPFEMALE > ! I may have pushed myself a little too much ! 
I love my car ... but I have the worst luck with it ! 
So excited about my new phone ! I have a feeling I may be distracted few a few days ! 
< PROPMALE > and Dunn and < PROPFIRST > Aldean in concert tonight ! I am more than excited :) 
Tough girls come from NY . Sweet girls they're from Alabama . MONTANA girls , we have fire & ice in our blood ! We can ride horses , ski , snowmobile , throw left hooks , build fires , shoot guns , run with the boys & drink beers ; all the while making HOT tea , APPLE pies & callin you BABE . IF WE HAVE AN OPINION YOU KNOW YOU'RE GONNA HEAR IT , nothin like bein a MONTANA GIRL ! If you're a true MONTANA GIRL repost this !! 
Just found out ... In 2 weeks I will be 1 of 4 assistant managers for starbucks in the Spokane area ! 
First day as an assistant manager ! Exciting and a little scary at the same time ! 
Lesson learned ... Know exactly what is in your car so if it is broken into I will know if I am missing anything :( 
Thank you so much everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! It meant alot to me . I had a really good day and don't feel any older :) 
I am SO excited to meet the newest member of the Webb family today ! I can't wait to find out if this new baby is a boy or a girl ! 
I got my motivation back finally ! I signed up for weight watchers again and started back at the gym ! Goals are set ... It is time to achieve them ! 
Pink < PROPFEMALE > ties :) ha ... It is going to be awesome ! 
Week one = awesome ! 6.2 lbs lost :) 
Tonight ... Some awesome friends + a reason to celebrate + alcohol = an awesome bachelorette party for < PROPFEMALE > ! Watch out Fizzies these girls are ready to have some fun ! 
Got up at 1245 this morning to go Salmon fishing :) I hope we catch some big fish ! 
Excited for a day off tomorrow and than some fun times at the Indians baseball game ! 
I am SO excited for the hockey game tomorrow ! Hockey season is so close now ! 
Excited for the start of football ! Go Vikings ! 
I got my hair cut and colored yesterday . I love it ! Thanks Corinne :) 
Fishing time ! Hopefully going to catch one bigger than the 25 pounder I got last time :) 
Back to work after 10 days off ! 
Exhausted ... yet super excited for the chiefs home opener ! 
My parents are coming tomorrow ! Hopefully I can think of enough things to do to entertain them ! 
Excited to see the Farve/Moss combination tonight when the Vikings take on the Jets ! 
Shopping for a halloween costume is so frustrating ! I am seriously considering skipping it this year . 
I have to be a work at 330am and I can't fall asleep :( I am going to be so exhausted ! 
I had so much fun carving pumpkins and watching hockey tonight ! 
Watching football and drinking a beer ... great way to start out a Sunday ! 
3rd times the charm ... New register system finally launched at our store . Bad news is I feel like a new partner who has no idea what I am doing :( 
I don't know why I am constantly putting so much time into making things right when there are always imperfections to be found and pointed out ! 
I can't believe it is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . With everything going on at work I have not had the time to enjoy the last couple weeks . Wish I could rewind time . :( 
Off to work ... I really hope it is better that last year ! People better be nice today ! 
So excited to go to the first WHL outdoor hockey game today ! Go chiefs ! 
Oh yeah ! 11-2 !! Go chiefs go !!! 
So excited to have a girls night out at the hockey game tonight ! 
13 days till Canada and my first NHL game ! I am so excited :) 
