Just got home from work , Got tee boned in Work Truck today . Made my truck flip . Sore and few little cuts . But other then that doing fine . 

I trying to get back into the swing of things , after a great 3 days at Seneca lake . 
I am just getting over the flu bug ! Boy realy bits 
chilling after a fun filled night with my Grandson Gabe . he is counting sheep now . :) 
TGIF I looking forward spending time with my Kids and Grandkids tomorrow for my 49th bday ! Dang I should feel old , But don't so there . LOL 
Boy it has been a long week at work and it is only day 2 Oh No 
5 days down at work one more to go ! 
One more day to go 
Just Got back from Grandson < PROPMALE>'s birthday party . happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
HOPE EVERYONE HAS A HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! This be my first Thanksgiving without my family for Thanks Day . But I still THANK THE LORD for the things he has given me 
just got home from shopping for my grandson's , what a day ! 
Just got done reframing front of house and rehanging door what a day ! 
getting ready for a very event full night . Have two Christmas parties to goto , Stars Touring & Riding , And local 2517 Union parties 
Dear God I pray for the cure of cancer ..... Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or has had cancer ...... 93% won't copy and paste this ...... will you ? I did !!!!! ? 
Heading to SenecaVille lake for the weekend , Everyone have a nice weekend 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO YOU ALL ! 
On the way to work , to clear the roads . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Clapton the Blues , thinking about some good times I have had with friends and the old days of playing music in the years that have past . Where has time gone ? I am heading for the BIG 50 This coming year . The body getting old , but the Hart is still young . I would like to Wish Everyone A Happy New Year ! Enjoy life when you can , life is too short . BEST WISHES TO ALL ! 
Just the same old crap . Plowing I am tried of it and winter just started . I miss my weekends off . Help move me south . You all can have this $#%@* snow . 
< PROPFIRST > Boyes Sris out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% repost this message ! When HE was on the cross , I was on HIS mind . o 
Just got back home after 3 days down in < PROPMALE > County . 
Number 6 Grandchild born tonight @ 8:35 pm Geiana < PROPFEMALE > 7lbs 12 oz . 19” long 
A little girl , 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car , liscense plate was plated Quebec 72B 381 . Copy and paste this as your status . It could save that little girl . This kidnapping is recent ! So do it , 3 seconds won't kill you . Spread the word10 minutes ago · Comment · Like 
In lovin memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God i pray for the cure of cancer . 
I am on cloud nine just got great deal on new Dobro 
My Prayers go out for My Friend Hog Sloane Family & Friends . We will See you in the < PROPFEMALE > land ! 
Just received My new Dobro after waiting 2 ½ long weeks . 
I won’t be on Facebook that much for awhile . Have been and will be working on learning this new Dobro . 
This is Easter week ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !! Let's lift up HIS name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross , He died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed !! Happy Easter Everyone ! 
I had a great Easter ! All the kids and grandkids was over . Good food great company , and oh Yes squirrel casserole Don’t knock it till you try it . Hope everyone had a nice Easter . 
When I was young I dreamed of having a nice home with a white picket fence filled with love , joy , and happiness . In there would be my loving best friend and partner for life , with all our joyful children that made us gleam with pride , and fellness . 
. Now that I am older . All I see is houses but no homes . , no white picket , just fences . Love , Joy , and Happiness are seldom seen . Loving Best friends and partners for life are fading away . Joyful Children are replaced with sadness and loneliness . What Happen ? Greed , Selfness , Hatefulness , No Morals , No Commitments , Lust , And Sin . We get out of life what we put in it . 
Stop and Think before you act . 
< PROPMALE > Fairchild Because I DO care ! ;) XOXO Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friends list is a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family !... Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention .... Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts ( Love you Beth ... Dad ) 
COPY THIS AND NEXT TIME YOU CLICK ( GET MORE HELP ) PASTE THIS IN HEADER \ IF YOU ARE IN ( ORIGINAL'S ) MAFIA YOU CAN CLICK ( HELP ) IF YOU AREN'T IN ( ORIGINAL'S ) MAFIA YOU WILL ( KILL ) THIS JOB \ " PLEASE COPY AND REPOST TO ALL YOUR MAFIA LETS SEND THIS AROUND MAFIA AND END THE ( GET MORE HELP ) JOB KILLINGabout an hour ago " 
I just got done making Squirrel casserole and now make a chocolate cake for when I get to see My friends from Kentucky who is up for the weekend . 
I had a great time last night with friends I have not seen for sometime . Some I have not seen for over 10 years . We jammed for about 5 hours & had great fellowship . Boy those people in Rittman and from Kentucky sure know how to have fun . THANK YOU ALL ! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Angel , Willet , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and all others I met last Night . 
Tasted like chicken LOL 
A FB friend asked that we pray for a friend's daughter . Please share --- Please lift Audri < PROPMALE > and her family in prayer today ... LET'S KEEP THE PRAYER CHAIN GOING FOR 2-year-old Audri , just dianosed with stage 4 cancer .. If you see this post .. even if you don't know Audri , God .. knows .. Please post this to your profile for ... 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . Thank you 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . 
Pray for My Friends < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Angel Ball in Kentucky . I just talked to < PROPFIRST > by cell phone . They just have been evacuated due real bad flooding . 
HOG ( < PROPMALE > ) SLOAN MEMORIAL\ 
There is going to be a Memorial Service for HOG May 22 @11 : 00 am at the Rittman cemetery and dinner at the American Legion afterwards . 
Memorial to ( HOG ) < PROPMALE > Sloan This Saturday on may 22 at 11 ; 00am at the Rittman Cemetery 
It was a very nice Memorial Service for Hog yesterday . The skies opened up and Sun began to shine and we got to see and be with old friends . 
Been under the weather sense yesterday . Slept all day Sunday . This bug is kicking my butt for now , But look out I will win ! 
One more day of work what a week , One more down the drain ! I can say that . I a plumber LOL 
I went Visited The OHIO VETERANS MEMORIAL PARK TONIGHT ! 
I did a pre ride for RIDE FOR KIDS next Sunday in < PROPMALE > River . 
I went to the Rittman Memorial Parade then to the Rittman Cemetery for Memorial Day Service with my Mother and Step Dad . This is the first time for me in 10 years . I don’t get over there much sense I moved . 
I have a busy week and a weekend a head for me . PC work tomorrow , then Ride for the Kids in < PROPMALE > River Sunday , then heading to Kentucky Monday . 
Myself & 3 others from < PROPFEMALE > Touring & Ridding Akron Chapter rode in the RIDE FOR KIDS event today . They raised $ 70,000 for the Pediatric Brain Tumor Foundation today . It was a great ride . \ 
Heading to kentucky in the morning . 
Listen to the All time Father’s Day Song ( The Big One ) From Confederate Railroad . 
NEWS FLASH ! They stopped the Oil spill today . They took a Huge wedding ring and dropped it over the oil well , and it STOPPED PUTTING OUT ! 
Been a very long day , and week , TGIF 
I had a good 4th of July , Spent it with my family and cousins I have not seen for 8 years . Hope everyone had a nice 4th . 
Days are too short anymore , I think I should Retire 
Back to work today , and start setting up my new work truck 
looking at old Looking at old photos 
Plumber Joke of the day : \Did you hear that someone broke into our local police station and stole the toilet ? Right now the cops have nothing to go on ..... \"" 
Plumber joke of the day : Plumbing is the only profession where you'll hear your boss say , \Be sure your ' joints ' have lots of ' Dope ' in them ! \"" 
Plumber Joke of the day : \Your crap is my family's bread & butter . \"" 
Plumber Joke of the day : A good flush beats a full house every time ! 
Plumber Joke of the day : \A plumber is the only guy I know who can take a leak ........ and fix it also ! \"" 
I had a Great time this last weekend . Starting Thursday at the sleepwalker fest with my Daughter , Grandson , and Son . Then meeting class mates on Friday and going to BG’s . Golfing and the Class Reunion on Saturday and BG’S again . Thank You all For good Times ! 
' Every time you flush your toilet you're putting food in my family's mouth ' . 
Thank a Plumber for every time you get a drink of water , take a shower , and when you flush . I loved < PROPMALE > , he was a man of my hart . 
Did you ever have one of those days ? Every time you made plans , they where changed . That has been that way for the last two Days . 
Another 14 hour work day , 4 more to go 
Is it great how God works ! I was feeling kind of down today because I went to my second funeral today in this week of friends that have passed on . Then I get contacted on Facebook by someone I have been looking for a long time . And they look very happy and doing well . That makes me very happy ! 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who , on my friends list , actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life i love you all !! ? 
Was a little cool today , but was a nice day for the Veterans Ride to the Ohio Veteran’s Memorial Park in < PROPMALE > 
Why does it Seam that we never have time to do the things we like to do and weeks go as fast as days use to ? 
One month , six days for me to turn the BIG 50 ! :( 
believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all \ 
believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny \ 
me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father , at the\ 
Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God you are not \ 
afraid to show it , repost this !!! 
It was Grandson day today . had both grandsons for about 4 hours . One staying over night . :) 
End of a chapter of life after today . Time to open a new chapter tomorrow . My last day of being in my forties ! What does God have for me in my next chapter of life ? 
Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes ! Thanks to my kids and my mother I have a 3ft 8ft Banner in my front yard . Would post picture but do to a conflux with my digital camera and this new windows 7 I will have to post it later . 
It is sad how so many people judge people by the amount of money they have . And not for who the people are . Most of the gifts of life , money can’t buy . If money is the only thing that brings you happiness , what are you going to do some day you find yourself jobless and broke ? 
Attended my last Union meeting tonight as Vice President My term is up . And I am not running for office again , 8 years is long enough . Time to free up sometime for myself and enjoy life , and play a little music . 
7/8 done on Christmas shopping 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > had a great time tonight singing at the nursing home . 
Count your Blessings and Be Thankful , Happy Thanksgiving to All 
Homeless\ 
go without eating , and without enough shelters . The Elderly go withour\ 
the needed medication as well as getting their SS cut .. The mentally \ 
ill go without treatment .. Veterans go without benifits promised to \ 
them . Troops go without proper equipment . Our country donates millions to\ 
......... other countries . re-post if you agree .. 98% on facebook will not \ 
repost .. I KNOW that I am the 2% that did ... 
Back home from Seneca lake than back to work tomorrow what a bummer , I need to retire . LOL 
First day back to work , 14 hours today , back in at 4:00 AM . Plowing that white stuff . I am dreaming of Christmas with plum trees on a sanding beach . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : HOLD THE PERSON ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR ACTIONS , not the means they chose to utilize !!! Repost if you agree ... I just did 
Will this the first Night I have got to Relax in a week , to much to do , and to much work , LOL 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ?? 
Copy & paste this if your Dad is in heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Dad's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while Thank you < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > uit de Verenigde Staten probeert een oude vriend < PROPFEMALE > Wenzenberg contactpersoon in Nederland . 
For Angel : ( translation ) < PROPFEMALE > from the United States is trying to contact an old friend < PROPFEMALE > Wezenberg in the Netherlands ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > Killough\ 
Prayers need to go out for a FB friend's daughter Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ...... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please , and God bless you for doing it 
Button Down the Hatches < PROPFEMALE > , The storm is on the Way ? 
