New Years epic got trashed by the weather , but the epic shall continue this weekend ... sometime ... maybe ? I guess . Regardless , I'm looking forward to 2010 . 

This must be it , welcome to the new year ... 
I'm looking forward to the year I don't feel like playing Motion City Soundtrack's \Together We'll Ring in the New Year\ " on repeat . " 
Oh my God , it's 2010 . We're living in the future . 
I'm still stick . STILL SICK . Guh . I better be okay by Monday night , or so help me God , body , I will end you . 
Tea , tea , and more tea . Mmmm . 
Oh God I hate being sick . 
The new full-length Mass Effect 2 trailer is amazing . I cannot wait for this game . I think I may even be more excited for this than Dragon Age . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is my secret shame . 
You gotta swim , swim in the dark . There's no shame in drifting , feel the tide shifting and wait for the spark . Yeah , you gotta swim , don't let yourself sink . Just find the horizon I promise you , it's not as far as you think ... 
Finished Silent Hill 5 . It wasn't as good as 2 , although I'd say it rivals three . Kicks the crap out of The Room , though . Eff that game . 
I'm on Skype with some people and one of them sounds exactly like Toki Wartooth . He's asking why I'm snickering , and I can't tell him ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , yah maginificent bastards . Here's hoping for an awesome 2010 . 
I got some books ! And seventy-five dollars in debt ! Yay , Christmas ! 
Inglorious Basterds was so excellent . What a great movie . 
Finishes Crysis tonight , on a machine that could run it at Very High with all settings maxed , smooth as butter . My computer is a < PROPFEMALE > god . A god given flesh . Er . A god given ... you know ... computer ... parts ! Excellent ! 
Woke up to my mother worrying that we're all dying of slow carbon monoxide poisoning . Now I'm worrying that we're all dying of slow carbon monoxide poisoning . Ahhhhhhhh . 
What is with the weather ? Jesus . It's like 50 degrees and foggy ... two days after Christmas . Bizarre . 
I am made of pain and sickness . Augh . 
Way to fail , < PROPFIRST > . Way to fail . 
Family dinner tonight with special guest < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . First night in what's going to easily be an epic duo of awesomeness . 
Curse you , Mother Nature ! CURSE YOU . 
I'm trying to find out if my words have any meaning . Lackluster and full of contempt\ 
when it always ends the same . \ 
\ 
Riding on the high of being semi-drunk . Good night , good times . 
It's forty degrees out . Mother Nature , what the heck ? Not complaining , but weird . 
Ffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- 
The universe apparently wants to be real difficult lately . I see what you're doing , universe . Damn you . 
Apparently taking a double-dose of anti-allergy and anti-flu medication results in the world being all swirly , and me falling asleep in my chair . And then waking up when I roll forward and smack my face into my keyboard . Awesome . Sleep again now . Oh yes . 
And , I'm awake again . Whaaaaaaat . 
I was just asked if my whole being an author thing fails , what sort of backup profession I'd be into . My first response , without even thinking about it , was Batman . 
I've apparently entered some kind of twilight zone where sleeping in four hour chunks and waking up constantly is apparently totally legit . I just ... ugh . Ugh . 
Oh , you can't fight the tears that ain't comin ' , or the moment of truth in your lies ... 
I just put raw wasabi on my tongue to try and clear up my blocked ear . My train of thought went something like this : 1 ) Put wasabi on tongue . 2 ) ??????? 3 ) Profit . IT DID NOT WORK OUT , OKAY . 
Waking up at 1:45 AM . Writing . Tea ! Adventure ! Okay , well , scratch the last part . But Writing ! Tea ! That's two out of three , really . 
I know what I have to do . And I'm feeling good about it . It's one step at a time . One moment at a time . Easy . 
Why does everyone always have to be so negative about everthing . Ugh . 
God damn , do I love me some Batman Beyond . 
Overdose on < PROPFEMALE>'s lasagna bake and delicious Italian bed . Going to apply 20 CCs of curling up in bed and going into food coma . Wish me luck . 
I was up for twenty hours , and somehow I slept for five hours and I don't feel tired anymore . Who says anything is logical these days ? 
This day just keeps getting better and better . Oh , wait , no , it hasn't . Awesome . 
Good . Night . :] 
Yeah , so , you ' interactive advertisements ' with sound I can't turn off on pages I like to go to ? Fuck you and the horse you rode in on . 
Some hearts are gallows , I'm not here for hanging around ... 
Even here we are not safe . Someone has written on the stone , in some angry hand , \Hope Rides Alone . \"" 
Oh yes , let's wake to the sun again ... 
I really hate the random , sinking feelings that just crop up with no reason . Really . At least gimme a reason . 
So . Tired . Doesn't . Make . Any . Sense . 
Finally catching up on my comics . Reading Batman R.I.P. Joker just cut the tip of his tongue in half in the middle of a villanous rant and then continued to talk calmly while bleeding all over the place . AWESOME . 
Trying out the new post-apocalytpic MMORPG Fallen Earth . Seems Fallout-esque , which is cool . At least it'll kill the boredom . 
They're remaking CLASH OF THE TITANS ?! Really ? I don't know whether to be excited or dissapointed . ( Similarly , Spider-Man is getting rebooted . No more Spider-Man 4 . I feel the same way . ) 
Just stumbled upon a cache of old pictures , including from FRESHMAN YEAR . < PROPFIRST > in a hoodie , < PROPFIRST > and the Freshman lunch table with < PROPFEMALE > and the rest . So . Weird . 
House is back ! Fringe is back ! Castle is back ! Huzzah ! 
Man , the new Fringe is such a screw . It's a first season episode , taken out of continuity , and shoved in the second season . And < PROPFIRST > was back ! I LIKE < PROPFIRST > ! What a tease . 
Facebook just defaulted me into using English ( UK ) instead of English ( US ) . NO IDEA WHY . It's not any different , except for the sudden slew of added vowels . 
I'm suddenly getting decent sleep and not waking up feeling like I'm going to die . I don't know why this is , but I'm not complaining . 
550 ! About half-way done , now , with the first draft of the book . Keep up with the five pages a day , feel productive , it'll be done in no time . 
You know what I hate more than most other things ? Bad remixes of awesome songs , and bad covers of awesome songs . Conversely , I love awesome remixes and awesome covers . 
Snow ! It's snowing ! And ... yeah . Hrm . 
Holy God , Mountain Dew throwback is good . 
I love how I'm watching the election in Mass so closely . This is the first time I've cared about a non-presidential election EVER . It's weird . 
BROWN WINS . :D 
Good night last night . Stayed up watching the election results and then went to bed . Think I'll plow through as much of this chapter as I can today . 
Beat Mass Effect again in preparation for numero dos coming out in a couple days . Such a good game . 
I played Mass Effect 2 for seventeen hours straight . * drools * 
Finished Mass Effect 2 at 32 hours gameplay , all sidequests done , full loyalty , and full ship upgrades . Now I can think about something else again , like ... uh ... replaying it . Wait . No . 
Writing , writing , writing . Writing . Writing ? Writing . 
Can't sleep . Which is weird , because of how tired I am . Damn it . 
My window is rattling like crazy . Must be a pretty decent storm out there . 
Note to self : Don't drink a tall glass of Mountain Dew before going to bed . You're going to end up tossing and turning for three hours . Seriously . You're dumb . 
So ... hey , body , how's it going ? What's that ? You're going to let me sleep for a couple hours , and then inexplicably not want to sleep anymore , despite the fact that I'm so tired my eyes hurt ? Well , go get fucked . :D 
Okay , so , SNL these days can be funny ... if < PROPMALE > Samberg is somehow involved . Lesson learned ! 
Why is it that I only think about hamburger time when I'm tired ? Hamburger time sucks . 
Some people have celebrities as pictures , and some people have video game characters . DUELING MONTH OF AWESOME ? 
My dad just tried to convince me to watch a movie with him . He said it made him ROTFOL . He spelled it out and everything . I just shook my head . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s last words were it's very beautiful over there . I don't know where this is , but I believe it's somewhere , and I hope it's beautiful , like you ... 
God in Heaven . My family is watching Batman and < PROPFIRST > after a comment I made . My brain ... it hurts ... it hurts ! 
We survived . Somehow . But the scars of our experience will live on forever . 
Watching Clue . The best movie based on a boardgame ever . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and search your first name . Copy the first definition as a comment to your status . 
Tea , and Pops , and sunlight rushing through my blinds ... 
Grocery run , boom , bam , done . Home , now . Huzzah . 
I do love me some < PROPFIRST > Walken , though . 
Taking a break from writing to watch Kung Pow : Enter the Fist . METAL CLAWS HURT LIKE CRAP , MAN . 
Hell yeah , SAINTS ! :D 
Okay , I've almost been up for twenty-four hours now . It's time for some sleep . 
I swung my sleep schedule around . Obligatory dance of joy ! Let's see how long it lasts this time . 
A Texas scam company is calling me trying to get me to give them my bank information , my credit card number , my social security number ... pretty much anything they can use to bone me . FUUUUUUUUUUUUU- 
I can't stand people . 
I like the new Facebook better than the old Facebook , but seriously , pick one and choose it . People , by nature , dislike change . They like the familiar . 
Sega is making Sonic 4 . Like ... a sequel to Sonic the Hedgehog 3 and Sonic and Knuckles . Seriously . 2D Sidescroller . Special zones . Badniks . Robotnik . I think my inner child is partying . 
Awake , and getting ready to hit < PROPFIRST>'s for a free Grand Slam with my Mom and my brother . The power of free food compels me . 
Bioshock 2 is pretty good so far . I'll give my full impressions when I'm done . 
Mom and < PROPMALE > ended up sleeping in so NOW I'm going to go get my free Grand Slam . Assuming the parking lot isn't so packed full of people that we'd need a machete to get to the door . 
< PROPFIRST>'s was a bust . The line was out the front door and wrapped around the side of the building . I'm not waiting two hours to get seated for a six dollar meal . That's nuts . It's not all bad , though ... we got some Starbucks . And , now it's time for more Bioshock 2 . 
Decided to , against my typical play-style , leave the ending of Bioshock 2 until tomorrow . Woo . 
It's odd how waking up at a reasonable time after a normal amount of sleep feels odd to me . 
Finished Bioshock 2 . My verdict ? It's ... pretty good . Well-written , good dialogue , creepy as ever . It did feel more like an expansion pack , though , all in all ... but a very good one , at least . 
ROAD HOUSE 
Can you be intolerant of intolerant people ? I think that's a Catch-22 . 
I totally dig Sci-Fi horror movies . Pandorum may have gotten critically slammed , but it was a lot of fun . 
I love lucid dreams . Literally knowing you're dreaming , and warping the dream world around you ? Awesome . 
Awake ! He's awake , he's awake , muhahahaha ! 
I am leaving , now , to go revenge my master on the son of a bitch who killed him in cold blood , all while an 80's rock song plays in the background . That , or I'm going to Wal-Mart for some groceries . You know , either , or . 
I'm home , or you know , something . My adventure is at an end . 
DJing a birthday party and playing stuff from the Labyrinth soundtrack . Too much fun . 
Sleeeep , but people , we need to do something soon . Like , adventure . Excitement . You know what I mean . 
I found a hardcore cover of Misery Business by Paramore with actual screaming and heavy guitars . WIN . 
Awesome , awesome day hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Skonetski and < PROPFEMALE > Leach . Went driving , visited a farm , watched a movie , met some cool people and had a fine meal . Good day . 
Put me in the hospital for nerves , and then they had to commit me . You told them all I was crazy . They cut off my legs now I'm an amputee , Goddamn you ! 
I love how I got asked to DJ , took time out of my day to do so , setup a whole playlist , and then got the gig , had the people ditch out less than half an hour in , and refuse to pay me . Seriously ? Ugh . 
Trying to decide on a game for my first Let's Play . Preferably something I played when I was a kid . It's harder than it sounds . 
I've narrowed it down between Gargoyles or Superman for the < PROPFEMALE > . Problem being , Gargoyles , even on Easy , and even with my now fourteen years of gaming experience , is still a bitch and a half . DAMN YOU , PROJECTILES . 
House and Castle on hiatus ?! Say it isn't so ! 
Zombieland was awesome . Finally got to watch it . 
Gonna work on my first Let's Play today . Hopefully have the first part of it up in a couple of days after editing and such . Hoping it'll get a few chuckles , at least . 
What is with the awful fan- < PROPFEMALE > spam lately ? Seriously . I don't join a fan < PROPFEMALE > to be blasted with some gibbering twelve year old rambling about how awesome they are . 
FRAPS is weird . I can record as long as I want , but it splits the videos up every four minutes or so . Editing that is gonna be a chore . 
I really want to run a DnD game . Can never find enough people , though ... dang . 
GROCERY SHOPPING TODAY . WOO . YEAH . SWEET . I uh , really need to < PROPFEMALE > out with some people again soon . 
Re-watching my FRAPS footage . Sometimes , I'm on the ball , and sometimes , I miss by a mile . Gonna re-record the first area today . I'm starting to understand how this works . 
I'm home , with the swag of war . Now I can get productive ! Or ... slack off ! It's like a choose your own adventure book , except it's my life . WOW . 
So keep the blood in your head , and keep your feet on the ground ... 
So , when Domino's said they changed their recipe to taste less like ass , they weren't kidding . 
Oh God . Watching Burn Notice , and < PROPMALE > Campbell's character just did a Horatio pun with glasses and everything . Best part is , the show is set in Miami . Hah ! 
If we can we will leave a letter and this song for you And we'll write once a day and float it through the sea to you We'll regret all those things we thought of but didn't ever do ... 
It's like fifty degrees out . I feel like I should go for a walk or something . Seriously . I need to get outside . 
Yes , act like a pessimisstic asshole . That'll fix the situation . Glad you're on board . Prick . 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > Pucel to show up . Didn't expect him to head over , but it's a pleasant surprise . I am so bored . 
Had a good time with < PROPFIRST > . Now I'm playing with Google Chrome because Firefox was sucking hardcore . I like it . 
Okay , seriously . Seriously . Democrats ? Let's sit down . I voted for Obama . I voted a straight-Democratic ticket , in fact . I'm registered . But if you force this bloated , inefficient health-care < PROPMALE > through on reconciliation , which isn't even meant for policy change ( it's for budget changes ) , I will shit bricks . You got me ? Do it right , or don't do it . 
Ffffffffffffff . I've never wanted Winter to be over so badly before . I don't know what it is , but I'm aching for some good-feeling Spring and Summer awesome . 
My Mom brought home Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Rejoice ! 
I am now officially debt free . 
We are not going to lose power . It's not going to happen . It's not . Seriously . No . 
At the library . Our power is still out . Ugh . And my cell phone is dead , so I have no way of contacting anyone . If anyone feels like hanging out , feel free to drop by my house . I'll have nothing better to do . 
At the library AGAIN . Still no power , although apparently the fleet of power trucks have hit Merrimack with a vegeance . Still phoneless , cut off from the outside world . Ugh . 
Thanks , Brain . No , really . Thanks . Let's pass out around five after tossing and turning for an hour and a half ... and then wake up two and a half hours later and be inexplicably unable to sleep . Grawr . 
I am so tired that my eyes are throbbing , but I can't sleep . For ... some reason . I hate you , body . 
Took a nap , but I don't feel that much better . Ugh . I must of caught something during the outage . 
It's no longer Video Game Character month , but I don't feel like changing back . SUCK ON THAT , CONVENTION . SUCK ON THAT . 
You can breathe , you can breathe now , you can breathe , but the air is running out ... 
Oh , fuck me . I've mentioned this before , but they're cropping up everywhere . STOP IT WITH THE INTERNET ADS WITH SOUNDS I CAN'T MUTE . I'll kill you . 
I wonder why my internet keeps cutting out . Urgh . 
We've been invaded by a bunch of 14/15 year old hooligans . HOOLIGANS . Get off my lawn ! 
Finished my third playthrough of Mass Effect 2 . I can safely say I'm an addict . 
My brother just left with a group of his male friends to go meet a group of girls from school at a hidden alcove on Bean . Wat . 
I love when my iTunes starts playing something and I have NO IDEA what it is . It's like a treasure . 
Guess what ? I'm done , writing your book . The ending got twisted around , and for all the hell that I took , the electrical wires , the hum in the walls of the room that I rent now ... 
It's kind of bizarre that The Simpsons isn't nearly as good as it used to be , yet it's still hilarious . That's staying power . 
He is the lamb , she is the slaughter ... 
I love these cracked out crossover comics . Batman VS Predator . Batman VS Aliens . Batman VS Aliens VS Predator . The clear winner , in every case , is Batman . Obviously . 
Just watched Something , Something , Something Dark Side . I usually like Family Guy , but I thought most of the parody was kind of slipshod . Still funny in places , though . 
Awesome night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Hopefully more awesome soon . 
I wonder if you're listening , picking up on the signals , sent back from within . Sometimes it feels like I don't really know whats going on , time and time again , it seems like everything is wrong in here ... 
Insomnia ! Because sleeping is .... oh God , I want to sleep so badly . 
Tetsuoooooooooo ! 
Sometimes , when I get really tired , my mood spirals down the toilet . This is one of those times . I don't like it . 
The latest Lady Gaga video is a nine and a half minute epic short film . And it's utterly bizarre . It's awesome . 
They're trying to ban SALT in all restaurants in New York state . WHAT . SERIOUSLY . WHAT . WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN . 
Hey , Vista ? When I finally upgrade to 7 , I'm going to take your installation disk out back and SHOOT IT . 
Going to Gamestop to get Final Fantasy XIII ! Woo ! 
So , Final Fantasy XIII is mine ! But , we made out like bandits . We got so much money for the trade-ins we brought we got No More Heroes and Mad World , too . Fuck yeah ! 
Another shot of whiskey , can't stop looking at the door . Wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before . And I wonder if I ever cross your mind . For me it happens all the time ... 
If the power goes out , I am going to ... do ... something ... something ... 
I can't ... brain ... today . I have the goo in head . 
Final Fantasy XIII is ... well , very , very , very good . Different . Really , really different , but really good . 
Mid-fifties outside ?! Hell yes ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day ! Not gonna be celebrating until tomorrow myself , but to those that are , enjoy yourselves . 
I've had Telephone by Lady Gaga in my head for like three days straight . Ahhhhhhh . 
My brother got Pokemon Heart Gold and I'm kinda jealous . Actually . POKEMONZ . 
< PROPFIRST > RR . < PROPFIRST > wrote a short Cthulhu/Song of Ice and Fire crossover fic on his blog . Oh God , nerdgasm . 
Suddenly sick as a dog . I feel like I'm dying . I hope it blows over by tomorrow . 
They're releasing an XBLA remake of Perfect Dark ?! YES . 
I had such a bizarre dream . I was on a train , with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Dan ... a bunch of Pokemon ... Prince ... some FBI dudes ... and like ... we were going somewhere important . A concert , or something . < PROPMALE > was excited about it . I don't remember what it was , but the train kept breaking down , or stopping , and before I woke up , I almost missed it . Weird . 
Dragon Age : Origins - Awakening is COMPLETE . What a fantastic expansion . 
I'm gonna send a little rain your way ... 
Fucking awesome night , with some fucking awesome people . My friends are the best in the world . 
Sad enough to say that alone I could barely light a match , but together we can burn this place down ... 
I'm two chapters away from the end of my first novel . Which is exciting , and sort of nerve-wracking , but after that , rewrites begin . Which is fun-fun . After my first re-write I'll need people to read the book for me and give me feedback ... so , let me know ! 
Four Year Strong covered Absolutely ( Story of a Girl) ? I uh ... I think I'm in love . 
About to head out to Wal-Mart for some groceries . It's another gorgeous day . I love Spring . 
So , Shaws has a special for twenty dollars of Edy's ice cream at the moment ... buy one get two free . What crazy alternate reality have we passed into where Shaws has awesome deals like that ? Is the sky still blue ? Is grass green ? I DON'T KNOW . 
Hey , old couple I saw walking your dogs through the cemetery . I saw one pee on a grave . I'm not sure if this is horrible or hilarious , but still , I am going to shake my fist at you . 
Of course TFW has a special description for sixty-nine degrees . Bwahahahaha . 
Fairly crappy day yesterday , hoping today will be better ... 
If we can , we will leave a letter and this song for you , and we'll write once a day and put it through the sea to you . We'll regret all those things we thought of but didn't ever do ... 
The road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
I love it how it went from mid-seventies to mid-thirties in the span of twenty-four hours . Oh , New England . You're such a kidder . 
Fffffffff . I just lost like ... half a day's work of writing ... due to a blue screen . 
Just finished Metro 2033 . I'll probably stick a blog about it up on Tumblr sometime tomorrow . Need time to soak it all in . 
MAH BOI , PEACE IS WHAT ALL TRUE WARRIORS STRIVE FOR . 
I need to read < PROPFEMALE > Victoria : Demon < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > Lincoln : Vampire < PROPMALE > . And Pride and Prejudice and Zombies . YES . 
TNG Facebook Summary Episode 2x01 ' The Child ' : Counselor Troi has an alien rape baby . Everyone's happy about it . Then , it dies . Pointless . 
TNG Facebook Summary Episode 2x02 ' Where Silence Has Lease ' : Picard enters a black hole . It gets messy . He pulls out . 
I just got an email from < PROPFIRST > Moore . GET OUTTA MY INBOX , < PROPFIRST > MOORE . 
TNG Facebook Summary Episode 2x03 ' Elementary , Dear Data ' : The crew cosplay in the holodeck . Thankfully , there are no hairy male catgirls . 
So , we're getting snow tomorrow , and it's dropping to mid-thirties during the day ... and then , the day after tomorrow , it's gonna be 65 . Wat . 
TNG Facebook Summary Episode 2x04 ' The Outrageous Okona ' : The Totally Not Outrageous Douchekona probably wouldn't have gone over so well . 
Gym ! Totally kicked my ass , but in a good way . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are here , party party party . 
Bacardi Zombie is blah . Blah times a thousdand . Seriously . Never again . Never agiand . 
Awesome night with awesome people . Now , sleep . 
Hey , Mother Nature , can it be warm now ? Love , < PROPFIRST > . PS : I'm gonna kick you with my energy legs . 
So , North Korea is threatening to nuke South Korea , or nuke us . Hey , < PROPFIRST > Jong-Il ? If you let off a nuke , your country will be GLASS . Dur . 
Not done with the episode to post a summary , but ... what is with Troi falling for everything with a penis that beams aboard the Enterprise ? 
TNG Facebook Summary 2x05 ' Loud as a Whisper ' : Troi falls for a stranger . They strand the stranger on a hostile alien planet . Ain't love grand ? 
Man , Troi is not even that hot , yet every man they run into instantly wants to hop her junk . Maybe she's brainwashing them ? 
TNG Tweet Summary 2x06 ' The Schizoid Man ' : An old man sticks himself inside Data and tries to molest a teenage girl . I am not making this up . 
Highway to the DAAAAANGGGGEERRRRRZOOOONNNEEE ! 
TNG Tweet Summary 2x07 \Unnatural Selection\ " : Starfleet scientists create the master race : 12 year olds that look 25 ! WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE ?! " 
Klingons are the masters of sick burns . 
TNG Facebook Summary 2x08 \A Matter of Honor\ " : A cultural exchange program leads to hilarious hijinks ! Sultry Klingon babes ! Mutiny ! Gagh ! " 
TNG Tweet Summary 2x09 \The Measure of a Man\ " : Data fights for his right to not be a slave . Harsh . He wins and Picard gets laid . Victory ! " 
Just Cause 2 is freaking amazing . 
Say what you will about 2012 , the movie was like porn for the eyeballs . Just ... epically crazy . 
Ffffffff . The Protomen played at Pax East , and I decided not to go . 
Also , Last.fm has a section for new album releases based on the bands you've listened to . Epic . Win . 
I have the sickness . The brain is in the goo phase . Bwarg . 
Show me how it ends , it's all right . Show me how defenseless you really are . 
Managed to pass out last night while sitting on my bed and slept for 16 hours straight , no joke . That was an excellent coma . 
They'll see the fire in the dark night sky , I hope you're home when I arrive . And if there's a pyre in the afterlife , I'll be there again to light the match ... 
Do you believe you're missing out ? That everything good is happening somewhere else ? But with nobody in your bed , the night is hard to get through ... 
I just finished my first novel . Now , sleep . 
Took the day off from writing now that the initial draft is done . Tomorrow , I start the first re-write . After that , anyone who wants to read it and help me out can do so . 
My nerdy activity for the night : Using MSE to make Magic the Gathering cards based around my book . 
SnooPING as USUAL , I see . 
My brother has to walk to school today . That's HARSH . 
If any Christian metal group can have a badass name , I think ' Demon < PROPMALE>' is it . Makes me think of badass paladins . 
Pokemon , TNG and < PROPMALE > and Cheese . And re-writes . Awesome . 
I don't know if it's just me , but I think my Formspring is screwing up . None of the answers I put are showing up . Just in case you asked me a question . 
I love typing a word so many times it doesn't look like a real word anymore . 
Super Stop and Shop had the three new Kraft EXPLOSION flavors : cheese , cheddar and grilled cheese . I'm probably way too excited about this . 
Oh my God , I slept regular people hours . Well , okay , I slept old people hours , but it's a start , damn it . 
Floating , my senses surround my body . I wake my nose to smell that ocean burn ... 
I kind of hate ' live ' tracks . Does anyone actually prefer to listen to grainy live music over the studio recordings ? Boggles my mind . 
It's just one thing after another . I really hope a break is caught soon . I really do . 
It is awful outside . Now , my vengeance against Mother Nature must be unleashed . IT IS A DAY OF RECKONING . 
It's SNOWING ?! WHAT . NO . 
So , I clear out 48 Farmville gift requests , and now I have 37 more , within twenty-four hours . I won't go back . I'll fight you Zynga ! I'll fight you ! 
First , Wal-Mart and then Planet Fitness . NEXT ; THE WORLD ! That , or my bedroom . Again . 
And I'll scream so loud that everyone in this place will hear every word I say , ' cause this is my time , this is my time to shine . Let nothing stand in our way ... 
I love how bizarre my musical taste is . For the past few days I've been listening to pretty much nothing but Brand New , Lady Gaga and Opeth , which are about as different as any music can be . 
Holy shit . Just walked out into a hallway filled with blood , and poor < PROPFEMALE > limping with a huge gash along her leg . Had to bandage her up . 
< PROPFEMALE > is continuing to bleed through the bandages , but we managed to contain it , for now . I hope . 
The bleeding won't stop . She's bled through five or six layers of gauze . We had to tether her downstairs with some towels and blankets . 
Okay , Blizzard , seriously . Stop it . Youtube is suggesting I watch the Lich < PROPMALE > finale , I see Cataclysm advertisements all over the place . I'll kill you . I won't go back . 
... of course , five seconds after I post this , my iTunes shuffles to Arthas , My Son off the Lich < PROPMALE > soundtrack . Nooooo ! 
They're gonna show the English dub of Dragonball < PROPFEMALE > on Nickelodeon ? I guess Cartoon Network is too busy trying to do reality TV . 
I found them ! I found the three Dewmocracy 2 flavors at the weird zebra-head gas station in town ! EPIC VICTORY . 
So , the verdict ? I think I like White Out the best , though it's really close . 
GYM . I kind of love working out . It's too much fun . 
I just found out that pretty much every female video game character I've ever had a crush on is voiced by < PROPFEMALE > Hale . That cannot be a coincidence . 
Waking up to the sun is pretty awesome . Gym and Wal-Mart today , and then , WE'LL SEE . We'll see . 
FINALLY off to Wal-Mart . Night drivin ' , oh night drivin ' , somethin ' somethin ' ... 
Managed to find 12-pack of the new flavors at Shaws . Delicious , smooth White Out . Tasty . 
So far , soup diet , so good . This might actually work . 
Sometimes , while re-writing , I just want to smack myself in the forehead . Lern 2 rite n00b . 
I love how < PROPMALE>'s friends think I can't hear them insulting me DOWN THE HALLWAY AS THEY YELL TO EACH OTHER . 
Haircut ! I kind of like my hair shorter . Sometimes I let it grow way too long . 
I kind of love Ska . DAMN YOU , < PROPFIRST > . 
So , some scientists in California are making a giant laser gun to make a mini-sun here on Earth . That's pretty awesome . 
IT'S MORPHIN ' TIME . 
Burn the land and boil the sea , you can't take the sky from me ... 
Home again , no thanks to the backbirth that nearly plowed into me through a stop sign . Now , GYM . 
Home again , home again , totally sore and ... well , that doesn't ryhme . Damn it . 
My anti-virus just said \Threat detected\ " three times in rapid succession and then crashed . Ffffffffff . " 
I kind of wish I didn't have to sleep . I feel like I'd get so much more done . 
I kind of hate my internet sometimes , now I'm gonna go sleep . Blargh . 
Twelve years ago today , a miraculous victory was achieved . A lasting peace was created . I am , of course , talking about < PROPMALE > Potter's victory over Voldemort . NEVER FORGET . 
Making some delicious banana-rama-bread . This is my first time , so I hope it's good . 
Going to bed ... if the fact that my room feels like an oven will let me . 
Wanting to sleep all day to avoid the heat is not conducive to my whole regular sleep schedule thing . Blarg . 
I used to be such a burning example , I used to be so original . I used to care , I was being cared for , made sure I showed it to those that I love . I used to sleep without a single stir ... 
Hey , less than five hours . That's a new record , PSNH . Congratulations . 
The new Family Guy is bizarre . It's a heavily character driven episode playing off of Stewie and < PROPFIRST > . It's really good . 
Okay , and now the second half has started , and I'm bored . YAY FOR CLIP SHOWS . 
FML . 
People are pathetic , seriously . 
T just ran out onto the deck , and JUMPED on to the roof of the shed , meowing all the while . He's an explorer , now . 
“Do not follow where the path may lead . Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
It's 2 AM , damn , when did that happen . 
Having one car for the family is the bane of my existence . I hate being stuck here . I hate it . 
I was in a bad mood , but now I just want to SHED THE BLOOD OF SAXON MEN . 
So , in 2009 , some of the most popular baby names were Cullen , < PROPFIRST > , or < PROPMALE > . Ffffffffff . 
AND THE MOST POPULAR GIRL'S NAME WAS < PROPFEMALE > . KHAAAAAAAAAAAN ! 
I am < PROPMALE > Awkward of Awkwardtown USA . 
Absolutely epic night with Jenn and company at the Residence Inn . Sort of put a lot of things in perspective for me . 
Waking up really late , but I felt kind of sick , so it's excused . Happy Mother's Day to all the motherly folk out there . 
Another awesome night with Jenn and < PROPFEMALE > . It's great to be getting out again . 
Sleep , I'm gonna make you my bitch . 
Gonna hit the gym , and then go over to the Residence Inn for some dinner at the request of Jenn . Excellent . 
Fucked around on SL with Jenn and then made her a grilled cheese . It was epic . 
Well , first thing's first , we gotta find a way , to make the beauty of the night time last all day ... 
Three awesome nights in a row . I think that's a record for me . I don't want it to stop . 
So , that sleep thing ? I kinda forgot what that's about . Apparently . 
Yeah , so , that sleeping that , kicked my ass , it sucked , though this has become such a habit , I don't know why I'm surprised . 
I want to strangle my need to sleep with a belt . You know , if it had a neck . Which it doesn't . BUT I DIGRESS . Showering . 
Other than my whole fail of oversleeping , tonight is shaping up to be a good night . Dinner , House , Castle , and then hanging out with chill peeps . 
I'm the epic motherfucker who decides to light the filter side of a cigarette and try to smoke it . 
Had a great time with Will , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Jenn . I'm kind of appreciative of the fact my life has suddenly become epic . 
Driving along in the rain , I could smell the rain in the air before it started to fall . That was pretty awesome . 
Tea is pretty boss . 
I just played Cooking Mama the Unauthorized PETA Edition . I just ... I don't even ... WAT 
Slowly cranking my sleep schedule forward . I'll WIN , you HEAR ME ?! I'll WIN . 
Hey , Castle writers ? FUCK . YOU . 
You cannot offend me , silly Facebook group . You are a Facebook group . My rage ? Totally unrelated . 
They're doing a sequel to Force Unleashed . As much as I love that game , bringing back Starkiller from the dead is kind of ... eh . They shoulda used a new character . 
If Battlefield Bad Company 2 does anything right , it's destroying the feeling you've had forever of cover being safe . COVER IS NOT SAFE . It can blow up at a moment's notice . 
Free-falling from a burning cargo plane , having a mid-air gunfight with a crazed Russian who has your parachute ? Good way to end a game , I think . 
Strike up the band , play a song that everybody knows , if I'm not your kind , don't tell a soul ... 
STUPID SEXY FLANDERS 
I have defeated my arch-nemesis , SLEEP SCHEDULE . Now , to lay my head down and rest in victory and ... stuff . 
Man , what is it with season finales and kicking you in the nuts . 
Dropped < PROPMALE > off at school , hit Wal-Mart and CVS , and now I'm home with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Good morning , so far . 
< PROPFIRST > just stopped by , because he's boss . 
Opened up Google , went to another tab , and suddenly heard Pac-Man music . GHOSTS . OH NO . 
Waking up at six ? Eh , I'll take it . 
Watching Avatar ( The Last Airbender , not the CGI remake of Pocahontas ) . I forgot how much I love this show . 
Water , fire , air and dirt , fuckin ' bending , how does it work ? 
Hah , < PROPFIRST > Takei as a fire bender . I forgot he did voice acting for this show . 
Okay , and now I've heard two Black Isle voice actors who did voice work for Baldur's Gate and Baldur's Gate 2 . That's just uncanny . 
My name's Commander Shepard , and this is my favorite bounty < PROPMALE > in the Fire Nation . 
Seriously , though ... Jennifer Hale has voiced pretty much every character from a TV show or video game I've ever had a crush on : female Commander Shepard , Tira from Soul Calibur , Samus Aran , Bastila from KOTOR , Mazzy Fentan from Baldur's Gate 2 , Fall From Grace from Planescape Torment , and now June the bounty < PROPMALE > from Avatar . WHAT . 
I used to be boomerang guy ! 
Retreat ! Retreat into the darkness ! Scorchia , the Goddess of Summer , cometh ! 
It should not be this hot , this early , in Merrimack . Arg . 
What . WHAT . WHAAAAAAAAT . 
Finally figured out which razor in the house actually works . SMOOTH SHAVEN . Fuck yeah . 
Home again , and back into the furnace . Blergh . 
Awake ! Now , to figure out what to do today . 
This is perfect weather . Low 70's during the day , 50's at night . Beautiful . It's not gonna last , but hey . 
Man , my phone and I are like ... bitter enemies . I still haven't plugged it in . NO POWER FOR YOU . 
I freaking love Sabaton . INTO THE MOTHERLAND THE < PROPMALE > ARMY MARCH ! 
Going out and about and ... stuff . STUFF , I SAY . Stuff ! 
Okay , not going anywhere after all . CURSES . 
The new Gaslight anthem is , so far , unimpressive . .__. 
Derpderpderp . Bored . Watching old Ahnold movies . 
* Ahnold shoots an alligator in the face * \You're luggage . \"" 
SUNDAY , SUNDAY , SUNDAY , SUNDAY . 
GENTLEMEN , BEHOLD ! I am going out for a drive ! Muhahahaha ! 
Home . I'm home ! I'm totally freakin ' home . 
They just announced a Mass Effect movie as being in production . WHAT . WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN . 
I am like .. the master ... of denial . < PROPMALE > Denial the Seventeenth . Emperor Denial of the Holy Denial Empire . Ugh . 
It's kind of amazing that a massive wildfire in Canada is bringing smoke to MERRIMACK . And , apparently , people north of us are getting ash rained down on them . Crazy . 
Barbecue , barbecue , barbecue . Awesome . 
It's June 1st ! AC Day ! Huzzah ! 
Finished Assassin's Creed 2 . I thought the first one was good , but the second one was pretty much fantastic , and the ending ... well ... mind blown . Well played , Ubisoft . Well played . 
And crawling on the planet's face , some insects called the human race ; Lost in time , and lost in space ... and meaning . 
Is it just me , or does < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World look like it's going to be fucking amazing . 
Austrian Death Machine . JUST . Austrian Death Machine . Hahaha . 
PUT THOSE COOKIES DOWN , NOW . 
We were the magnificent dreamers , in secret lamplight hideouts . We swore the world couldn't break us , even when the world took us down ... 
Merrimack is currently under a tornado watch . lolwut 
Awaaake . 
One of the best things about < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online is letting you make custom alien races . One of the worst things about < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online is letting you make custom alien races . 
Seriously , Captain Night Elf . Captain Draenei . Captain Orc . Captain Na'vi . Captain Predator . How's it going ? 
Ffffffff 24 . 
Did Lady Gaga just deepthroat a rosary ? 
Alejandro : A dark , cynical and thoroughly twisted totalitarian love story . Also ; machine gun nipples . 
Had a good night with < PROPFEMALE > and her friend . I need to get out more . 
What is it , with people in TV shows , when they're asked critical information , that they decide to stay quiet . IT CAUSES SO MANY PROBLEMS . 
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE OH GOD 
Waking up late . Had a dream where my dream self refused to do dangerous stunts until he could figure out why the ' Quick Save ' key was unbound . If only . 
Congratulations to all of the graduates , today , for being awesome . You know who you are . 
Had a great night with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Now , it's time for my face to meet my pillow . 
Fuckin ' bullshit Shaws lady . Yes , I WANTED to hold up the line . It's not like I had to get money on my card before I bought anything . It's not like I was TOLD to call my Mom to check the list . Go die . In a fire . Thanks . 
Let it be known , that < PROPFIRST > is the coolest bro of cool bros . He did me a massive favor . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
A wild GYM appeared ! It uses WORK-OUT . It's SUPER-EFFECTIVE . 
Woke up with my arms feeling bruised . That's a good sign . That means it's WORKIN ' . 
Trying to diet makes me feel like a fucking crack addict . Stupid ... brain ... stomach ... ugh ... 
Off to Planet Fitness . 
Working out is awesome . I just wish I could feel the same way about dieting . 
Choreographed and lack of passion , prototypes of what we were . Went full circle ' til I'm nauseous ... taken for granted now I waste it , faked it , ate it , now I hate it ... 
Today is CAPTAIN PICARD DAY ?! How could I have forgotten ?! 
Awesome , awesome night . ' Nuff said . Sleep now , k thx . 
I was alone , falling free , trying my best not to forget ... 
And you may be acquainted with the night , but I have seen the darkness in the day , and you must know it is a terrifying sight , because you and I are living the same way ... 
My life needs to stay awesome . The more awesome it gets , the more I'll fight to keep it . 
Hour twenty-three , wha-bam . 
< PROPMALE > Astley just released a new single . < PROPMALE > . ASTLEY . He never gave us up ! 
Twenty nine hours . Woo . 
Okay , thirty-two hours is good enough . Time to get my stupid ass to bed . 
Yeah , that whole staying up thing worked . Sorta . STILL . Success . 
Hey , mood , stop swerving all over the place like a drunk driver . Thanks . 
I've ascended from just having a weird sleep schedule to full blown insomnia and anxiety . THIS IS GREAT , GUYS . 
Beach in the morning . FUN IN THE SUN , BIATCH . 
Apparently sending normal text messages is covered by my plan , but getting Twitter or Facebook updates , or sending updates to Twitter , isn't . Fffffff . 
First , the BEACH . Then , THE WORLD ! 
The beach was absolutely epic . So says < PROPMALE > Justice . Time to relax , and sleep . Only downside is the phone still doesn't work , but that's on Verizon's end , the fuckers . 
Hey , look at that , sleep schedule is ( semi ) fixed . Whatever . The sun is rising and I'm not just going to bed . I'll take that as a win . 
I feel like I've been hit by a semi truck . I think that means that our adventure yesterday was a success . 
I am the tower around which you orbited . I am not proud , I am just taking orders . I fall to the ground within hours of impact . I hit back when hit ... and attack when attacked ... 
Some Shadow Hearts music just played during an episode of 24 . What . 
Phone STILL doesn't work . I want to beat Verizon to DEATH . 
I won a Whopper tonight by choosing Team < PROPMALE > on a BK cup < PROPFEMALE > gave me . This is a sign . 
Awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello and < PROPFIRST > C Farrington . Now , sleep . 
I'm not going to have a phone for a while , apparently , and I can no longer receive calls , so if anyone needs to get in touch with me , it's pretty much Facebook as the only option . 
So much for sleep . Blergh . 
Anxiety , anxiety , anxiety . FOR NO REASON . The brain is really a bastard . 
New Sabaton ? Fuck . Yeah . 
I seriously could not live without music . I may not play an instrument , or be into it in the technical sense , but it's got power to it . 
I'm hearing a lot of good ... and a lot of bad ... early reviews of The Last Airbender , but one thing that makes me worry is how ' serious ' it apparently is . The show had a ton of SERIOUS moments , but the humor and light-hearted moments were a huge part of it . I hope it's still good . 
Sleep ... that's when you black out for like eight hours at a time , right ? Hrm . 
Had/having an awesome night/day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello . Epic . 
Awesome night with awesome people . My phone is up and running again . Things are , for once , looking up . 
I somehow managed to sleep from 4:30 PM until now , without waking up ONCE . Thanks , body . I needed that . 
I just got a random voice mail which sounded like two minutes of a hyena laughing . The mysterious part ? I have no missed calls . WHO WAS PHONE ?! 
Texas Board of Education , removing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and several parts of the Constitution because they don't specifically promote Conservative Christian bias is the stupidest thing you can do . Seriously . STUPID . But , I hate how the fact that they're also changing referring to the US as a Democracy to referring to it as a Constitutional Republic is catching flack . 
WE ARE NOT A DEMOCRACY . We do not have mob rule . We have a congress . WE ARE A CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC YOU DUMB SONS OF BITCHES . You're only hurting your argument against the idiocy of the Texas Board by raging against this , too . 
Awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > , cook-out , food and drink , and fireworks . Now , sleep . 
Two nights , in a row , of actually sleeping really well without waking up constantly or tossing and turning . I like this . 
The Last Airbender is being called one of the worst movies in the past two decades , rivaling Gigli and Battlefield Earth . \ 
I'm just ... going to go ... sit in the corner , for a while . 
Awesome day spent with < PROPFEMALE > going to the gym , swimming and chilling out . Sleep , now , though . Sleep , hardcore . 
Feeling really , really , sick . Blergh . Not that I didn't see it coming , but it still sucks . 
The sun is trying to kill us all . I think we should kill it first , before it gets the < PROPMALE > . Or at least , punch it in the photosphere . 
I won't let one thing trip up my good mood . I refuse . 
Awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello . < PROPMALE > out at her house , spent some time with < PROPFIRST > Paradise , and then ended the night at my house with family dinner , The Men Who Stare at Goats , and a quick trip to Wal-Mart . Now , sleeeeep . 
They sicken of the calm , who knew the storm . 
Working on the book , again . Again . Again . I swear to God , I will take all of the good stuff , blend it together , and make this work . 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Paradise . Skaaaa . 
\Don't do anything I wouldn't do ! \ " \ 
Wham , bam , blah-damn . Pow . I don't know . I'm awake . 
I HAVE A NEW NUMBAH , EVERYONE . 603-706-0913 . Add it , replace it , or else you won't be able to get in touch with me . 
Cook-out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello today . Excited . 
Good . Day . 
Gurgle gurgle gurgle . Waking up , with a sore throat . DAMN IT . 
Re-reading my old LJs make me realize how much things changed , and have changed , and will keep changing . It's ... kind of amazing . 
So , I posted old snippets of my first book , about Okiku the Avatar ... pre-Airbender , by a good two years . I have really improved as a writer . O___o 
She is everything I need that I never knew I wanted . She is everything I want that I never knew I needed . This is gonna bring me to my knees . I just wanna hold you close to me . <3 
I think I'm suddenly eighty or something . Pulled a back muscle . Ugh . Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello , however , so it all balances out . 
Today's pretty double rainbow so far . 
So , good day , good day , good day . Gooood . Day . Super . YEAH . 
I slept like a dead man . I just OVERSLEPT like a dead man , though , of course . Murgle gurgle . 
Watching The Last Airbender . Initial reaction ? SOKKA ISN'T FUNNY . AHHHHH . Also , the pronunciation is driving me nuts . They pronounce Avatar like Abadar , Aang like Ong , Sokka sounds like Soca ... erg . Pushing . Ahead . 
Okay , so ... the firebenders can't firebend unless there's fire for them to bend . THIS MAKES NO SENSE . That would make them the weakest benders out of everyone in the whole world . They thought this would be a good change ? 
Oh , Iroh . Sweet , sweet Iroh . What have they done to you ? Where's the tea ? The humor ? The fat belly ? MAKO TAKE ME HOME . 
So . Wait . Aang escapes from Zuko , like in the show ... but not a SINGLE PERSON ON THE FIRE NATION WARSHIP TRIES TO FIREBEND TO STOP HIM . They had torches , a bonfire , flickering candles ... they're just incompetent . 
They made Monk Gyatso black . Why ? What was the point of that ? He's a random black dude in a monastery full of Asian monks . Was it to curb the ' racebending ' accusations ? 
General Zhao's part is Exposition Man . Also , HAMMY MAN . He walks into a scene , chews scenery , and spits out exposition . It's hilarious . 
So , wait ... the Earthbenders are no longer held in an iron prison , but ... um ... in a regular prison . Full of dirt . And rocks . And ... oh hell this movie is stupid . 
Okay , no Kiyoshi Warriors ? The movie just lost a lot of brownie points . Meaning , it has like ... negative ten . 
The movie suddenly got kind of okay , but I'm so glad I saw the series before this , because otherwise I'd be so confused . 
No , seriously ... this is like the cliffnotes version of the TV series . Events are shown , not explained , and things just happen ... 
Zuko just burned through some ice ... without a source of flame . Way to keep your logic consistent , movie . 
So , in the show , Katara manages to beat Zuko until she's distracted . In the movie , he kicks her ass in like two seconds . I hate this movie . 
Today is not going as I hoped it would . Blergh . 
Spent an awesome two days with < PROPFEMALE > . Feeling good about most everything . Saw Sera and < PROPFIRST > at Wal-Mart randomly tonight . Also , nearly got jumped by a deer on the way home . I'm tired . Sleep . 
Someone just punch me in the throat . Argh . 
Writing like a madman , trying to catch up . Haven't had a lot of time to do so lately . This second draft needs to be better than the first . 
In a very good mood , despite being tired , and my phone dying a slow and horrible death . Sleep , soon . 
Can't sleep . Horrible stomach ache . Ugh . 
Soulja Boy , why did you decide to rap about Dragonball Z ? WHY ?! 
Awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > , Grace and < PROPMALE > . Gonna hit the sack , and think happy thoughts . 
Frickin ' ... sleep ... schedule .... ffffff . 
That's why , darling , it's incredible , that someone so unforgettable , thinks that I am unforgettable too ... 
The Counting Crows , ' Round Here ' : \Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand . She said she'd like to meet a boy who looks like Elvis . \ " \ 
The one problem with my 24 Ringtone is that now , when I watch 24 , every time a phone goes off in CTU , I frantically look for my phone . I'm awesome . 
Operation : Fix my Sleep Schedule for the Millionth Time = Engaged . LET'S DO THIS . 
Hey , body ? You suck . 
Gotta stay awake for as long as possible . Why do I do this the hard way ? 
Feeling gross , sick and tired ... awesome . 
We can live like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > if we want . Where you can always find me , and we'll have Halloween on Christmas , and in the night we'll wish this never ends , we'll wish this never ends ... 
Just when I think my sleep can't get any weirder . Seriously . 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello and < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello . Had lunch at Quiznos , saw Inception , and then had dinner at Mr. Mauriello's and went to the mall for a bit of shopping . Totally beat , but so worth it . 
I love that a possible side-effect of an anti-anxiety medication is ... heightened anxiety . 
Oh shit , that IS < PROPFEMALE > Fox . 
I'm starting to think I've got a serious anxiety problem , vis a vis , sleep . Fffffff . 
Damn it , how will I ever get out of this labyrinth ? 
I can hear it , a jet engine through the center of the storm , and I'm thinking I'd prefer not to be rescued ... 
Well , hey there , random two hour nap . Didn't expect to run into you . 
And there's a plague of locusts upon us , and there's a nightmare in the swarm , and there's a lion out in the desert slouching to Bethlehem to be born , again ... \ 
Backstreet's back , alright . 
Give me mercy and a minute now , I'ma bleed a little poison out , I’ma cry a little river down , then I’m setting this whole thing on fire ... 
Waking up at a normal time for the first time in like ... a week and a half . PRAISE JEBUS . 
The Elder Scrolls Oblivion + All the DLC + Shivering Isles Expansion is on Steam right now for 8.50 . For anyone who's a fan of RPGs , you can't pass this up . 
Haircut today , followed by Verizon Store , and groceries . Also , registering online for my new ID . 21 in 12 days . 
The amount of hair cut from my head could be glued together into a small dog with no problems , really . \ 
In related news , so much more comfortable . 
Just woke up to a horrific screeching noise coming from the basement . I thought someone was taking a power saw to our basement door . Turns out Puck knocked our rotating fan down , and the thing shattered all of its blades smashing against the twisted wreckage of its outer casing . And now , I can't sleep . I'd kill him , if he wasn't so cute . 
Towering Pile of Hats in TF2 . Random Drop . WIN . 
Fell asleep , in my chair , because I suddenly got very tired . Still , just waking up . Not too shabby . 
I don't get my body . Sometimes , it wants to sleep 12 hours . Sometimes , I go to bed at 10 , wake up at 4 AM , and I'm fine . Fffff . 
So . Much . Homemade . < PROPMALE > and Cheese . Guh . 
Fallout 3 is on sale on Steam for half off today . I KNEW IT WOULD BE . .___. These Steam sales are a huge reason why I wish I had money . 
Sometimes , I really just want to punch smug , bigoted people right in the face . 
I wish you could remind me who I was , because every day I'm a little further off ... 
Dragonball Z < PROPFEMALE > is frickin ' amazing . 
Listening to the Inception soundtrack . It's pretty awesome . 
Finished Cromartie High School . I love ridiculous anime . 
Borderlands is on Steam for 10 bucks right now . It's like Steam wants to taunt me . It knows what's in my heart . 
Option 1 : A brightly lit house , full of weapons , and people to help you . Option 2 : A dimly lit , confusing garden full of hedges . This is a horror movie , so clearly , let's run away into 2 . 
My thoughts on Diary of the Dead ? It was pretty good . Decent zombie flick , with some overblown melodrama , and lots of lampshade hanging . 
Watched my first Bones tonight . How have I never seen this show ? < PROPFIRST > Boreanaz is in it ! 
Surprised I'm still awake . Hitting the hay soon , so I don't screw up my sleep schedule . 4 Days . 
Fall really can't come soon enough . 
There's something about powerful , growling metal paired up with melodic female vocals that makes me happy on the inside place . 
Had an awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > Selck and < PROPFEMALE > Alberts . Now , sleep , to the millionth degree . 
Who am I kidding , Gaia's running a new event . No sleep for me . 
Let the waves up take me down , let the hurricane set in motion , yeah , let the rain of what I feel right now , come down . Let the rain come down ... 
Veggie chicken patties are boss . Fact . 
Booth just fixed some kid's game console ... which was a Sega < PROPFEMALE > with Gamecube controllers . Oh , TV , you and your getting video games so wrong , is funny to me . 
Got an early birthday present from my Mom ; a Firefly keychain . A little pewter Serenity . Awesome . 
Got my present kinda-semi early . It's a 1 TB hard-drive and Windows 7 64-Bit Home Premium . Hell . Yes . 
Also , I'm 21 , motherfuckers . 
Windows 7 kicks Vista in the nuts and steals its lunch money . It's great . I should sleep , but I'm too busy reformatting . 
Thanks , everyone , for all the birthday wishes . Going to Chunky's tonight with the family to celebrate . Gonna order me some liquor . 
TF2 just wished me a happy birthday . Everyone was wearing party hats , I got an inflatable happy birthday ball , and they exploded into presents when gibbed . YES . 
Inception was just as good the second time as the first . Had a White Russian , which was a lot of vodka , kahlua and milk . It left me feeling good . I couldn't have asked for a better birthday . 
Puck and Loki appear to be in a ' who can pee the most on everything ' contest . Whoever wins , we lose . 
Walked into the liquor store . Got Southern Comfort , Amaretto and Seagram's Seven . The woman at the counter took like five minutes to verify my ID . She looked at me , and then at the ID , and then at me , and then at my temporary replacement , and then at me . It was great . 
Soco Amaretto Lime is fantastic . Just sayin ' . 
Who needs love , when you've got Southern Comfort ... 
Just got my new ID in the mail . It looks like a shiny Pokemon card . I'm digging it . 
Seven-Seven with a Lime is delicious . It will also keep me safe from the thought of your embrace inside my head . True fact . 
Listening to a choir sing < PROPFEMALE > Manson is bizarre ... and awesome . 
FML . Just ... * facepalms * 
Placebo's cover of Running Up That Hill in my Bones ? It's more likely than you think ! 
< PROPFIRST > Fry on Bones ?! < PROPFIRST > FRY ON BONES ?! Hell . Yes . 
Oh man , do I love Bones , but if anyone ever wants a textbook example of HORRIBLE writing , watch the last episode of the third season . Oh God . 
Why am I still awake . .___. 
Over the next week , the average temperature is going to drop to mid 70's , with low 50's at night . \ 
Thank all that is holy . 
Bones Season 4 : Sweets is now a main character ? Oh God , shoot me . 
You can hold her hand , and show her how you cry . Explain to her your weakness , so she understands , and then roll over and die ... 
< PROPFIRST > Boreanaz locked in an inescapable steel box ? I think I've seen this somewhere before ... 
I ended up giving < PROPMALE > a tour of the high school this morning , because he missed the first day of school . It was somewhat surreal . 
< PROPFIRST > Fry is back on Bones ! Also , hearing him list off all of the varieties of death metal is kind of fantastic . 
My phone's toast . Dead . Destroyed . It is no more ! IT HAS CEASED TO BE ! Need to find a time to finally activate the new one . 
Good night . < PROPMALE > out with Sera and < PROPFIRST > , got food , and then hit up Strange Brew in Manchester . Now , relaxation . 
Just watched the start of < PROPFEMALE > Trek 2009 in Blu-Ray , at 1080p . My jaw refuses to close shut . Holy shit . 
Well , that was a mood killer . 
I really have to stop letting stupid crap people say to me affect me so much , especially if it's in jest . Especially . Blarg . 
Tried to sleep , but couldn't . Blarg . Well , time for some Bones . 
MINE IS THE DRILL THAT WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS . 
Cleaning . Organizing . Cleaning . I kind of love cleaning . 
I'm suddenly on a home-improvement kick . I guess the stars are in alignment with great galactic leyline or something . 
The new Linkin Park album is absolutely bizarre ... and kind of awesome . They've finally murdered their old sound completely , though . 
Why do I never sleep . Ffffff . THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS . 
Oh < PROPMALE > , there , bed . 
Nine years ago , the world changed . It's why I still have an American flag flying outside my house . Sidenote : Burning a Quran is cause for world outrage and bad , and burning a bible or American flag is TOTALLY OKAY GUIZ and good . That makes * total * sense . 
I really need to remember to get my new phone activated . 
Warriors , come out to playyyy-eeeee-ayyyyy ... 
To quote a wise , drug-addled < PROPFEMALE > , \Everybody lies . \"" 
This is morning . That's when I spend the most time thinking ' bout what I've given up ... 
Guild Wars 2 looks so boss . So . Boss . 
Went to the doctor's with < PROPMALE > , hit the Veizon Store to get my new phone activated , and then went to Gamestop to pick up Reach . Now , home . ( Number is 603-706-0913 in case anyone never picked it up . ) 
Haven't had a < PROPMALE > to play Reach yet , but watching < PROPMALE > play it made my jaw drop . It's the best looking 360 game I've ever seen . 
I forgot how much I loved Whitest Kids U ' Know . Sheeeee-iiiiiiiiit . 
Hope for the best , prepare for the worst . 
They should call me Mr. Freeze , because it's f@#$ing freezing in here . Right . Yes . Absolutely . 
This job is so easy . I can see it eating away at my brain , eventually , but ... so easy ... 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Liffner . Now , gonna make some dinner , and relax . 
They're doing a sequel to American McGee's < PROPFEMALE > ? Well , I didn't see THAT coming . 
In a shitty mood , and anxious as all hell . I hate feeling like this . I really , really do . 
Deciding on whether to stick with Chrome or hop over to IE9 . I'm missing some of Chrome's features , but IE9 is actually a lot faster , and Flash works better . 
I really liked The Expendables . It was an unashamed love letter to the high-octane action movies of the past . 
Work , gym , and then a bit more work . And then , House and Castle tonight . YES . 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mauriello , < PROPFEMALE > Eriquezzo and < PROPFIRST > Bannan . Epic night . Now , to bed with me . 
Castle just referenced Breaking Bad . Awesome . 
Amaretto and milk is tasty . 
It's kind of amazing how satisfied working is making me feel . 
Bones and Fringe tonight . LET'S DO THIS SHIZ . 
Bones was awesome . Sweet's got a scruffy beard and curly hair . Fringe was even more awesome . Good stuff . 
84 DEGREES ?!?! Fffffffffff . 
How is it still eighty degrees out . The sun is down . Stop it . 
For once , I'm not the only one stressed in my house . Weird . Family dinner tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > ale always makes me feel better when I'm sick . 
Oh hi , there , actual fall weather . I missed you . 
First week of work ? Yeah . I made you my bitch . Just saying . 
I just had something shuffle on that sounded like Creed , but didn't suck . It was Alter Bridge . SILLY ME . 
Overcast , cold , and slightly rainy ? This is my kind of day . 
My phone doesn't work again ... so if anyone's trying to contact me , it's kind of impossible . Sorry . 
Once you said I was your hero , you would dance with me on a dime , we could spin the would right right right round , and catch back up on the flip side ... 
You've met with a terrible fate , haven't you ? 
Here's looking at you , kid . 
Why is it always when I take a lazy day that people show up that I know . Ffffff . 
You can see their shadows wandering off somewhere . They won't make it home , but they really don't care . They wanted the highway , they're happier there today ... 
They just issued a high wind advisory for New Hampshire starting tomorrow at 5 PM . Gusts of anywhere from 40 to 80 MPH . Ffffffffff . \ 
I get the feeling Mother Nature hates us . 
Just got a call from some random number for < PROPFIRST > . I told them I wasn't < PROPFIRST > and they had the wrong number , but the guy on the phone would NOT let it go . Weird . 
Shenanigans is a great word . There needs to be more shenanigans in the world . 
The Mann-Conomy update for TF2 is eating my soul . 
I'm never gonna dance again , the way I danced with you ... 
Snakes in the grass beneath our feet , rain in the clouds above . Some moments last forever , and some flare out with love , love , love ... 
When you punish a person for dreaming his dream , don't expect him to thank or forgive you . 
Awesome night of DnD with Gleason , < PROPFEMALE > and Steph . It was fun . 
Just got canvassed by someone for the Democrats ... because I'm a Democrat . Had to tell her I was ' still looking into the candidates ' . She didn't look happy when I said it . 
Reading through both Dungeon Master's guides , and both Player Handbooks . This is going to be intense . 
Fffff . Why did I sleep so late ?! Urgh . 
Sometimes , people make me want to punch a baby . Or a wall . Or a wall made of babies . 
... this download of DnD 3.5 books I have has some uh ... homebrewed ... rules , in text format . Book of Sensual Deeds ? Uh . Pass . 
What doesn't kill you ... can still kick you hard . In the nads . 
No , seriously , what sort of dime store , hack work , upside down bullshit world do we live in . What sort of backwards , nonsensical , fucking twisted-ass nightmare of a place have we built around ourselves . We live in a cruel and meticulous hoax . \ 
Fuck it . 
I've got this burning like my veins are filled with nothing but gasoline , and with a spark , it's gonna be the biggest fire they've ever seen . Cut me down or let me run , either way it's all gonna burn . The only way that they'll ever learn ... 
No DnD tonight makes me something something . 
In the trail of fire , I'll burn before you bury me . 
Someone should have told me that hoverboards do not work on water . 
I've done a lot , God knows I've tried . To find the truth , I've even lied . 
Every couple of weeks , my brain seems to forget what sleep is . Urg . 
Rolling out of bed , taking a shower , and then sitting down at my computer to work ? Awesome . 
Weird thing I do to help me write : I make Magic the Gathering cards based on characters , places , etc , from my books . This works surprisingly well . 
Okay , so not only did someone hack my WoW account , but they've been playing on it since August , gearing Zak up , getting achievements , gold , and doing raids . \ 
... WHAT . \ 
WHAAAAAAAAAT . 
Just remembered an incident a few months ago where I was told someone hacked into my Gmail account ... from < PROPFEMALE > . Around the time my WoW account suddenly got reactivated . \ 
That is not coincidence . 
Have to wait another four hours for maintenance to be done with before I can deal with the son of a bitch who's hijacked my WoW account . The guy on the phone was polite , though . I just hope he calls back when he said he would . 
So , the guy I talked to this morning was really nice about everything . He left me an email to make sure I knew that the maintenance got extended , so his tools are still down . Gonna call again after 7 . 
Got my account back ! With minimal fuss , too ... just a long wait on the Blizzard help line . \ 
The only thing I noticed that I'm missing is my entire Tanking set ... as well as every bag I had in all my bank bag slots . 
Conclusion to my epic three day QUEST : Blizzard restored all of my lost items and gold , in less than 12 hours after my account was returned . \ 
VICTORY . 
Can I get some good luck , please ? Or at least something to put me out of my misery . 
Hey , Universe ? Cut me a break , will yah ? I need it . 
Today is shaping up to be a good day . \ 
Knock on wood . 
Okay , so , knocking on wood seems to have worked . \ 
GUITAR SOLO . 
You're tearing me apart , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Stay up twenty-four hours , sleep five hours . This makes sense , in my world . Apparently . 
So , I'm rapidly learning that books are not written . They are re-written . And re-written . And re-written . And , you know , to mix it up , re-written some more . 
This first draft dialog in my book makes me want to shove nails through my fingers . PEOPLE DON'T TALK LIKE THIS < PROPFIRST > . 
House : The CRAZY sitcom about a cranky old doc and a two year old baby . HIJINKS ENSUE . Who needs intense characterization , strong moral and philosophical dilemmas , or interesting medical cases ? We have poopy diapers ! \ 
HILARIOUS . 
Fallout : New Vegas is downloading as I type this . Fuck . Yeah . 
Home , from grocery shopping . Now , it's time to run head-first into post-apocalyptic Mojave . YES . 
I need to start realizing that when I tell my brother to NOT do something , it's like dangling Pandora's fucking box in front of him . Seriously . 
Horseman's Reins on my first Headless Horseman run . OH YES . 
So , if New Vegas crashes , EVERY SAVE you made from when you started playing up until the crash is wiped clean . \ 
That's a bit of a downer . 
There's a unique cannon in New Vegas called the Tesla-Beaton prototype ... NAMED FOR HARK ! A VAGRANT'S < PROPFEMALE > BEATON . Best . Easter . Egg . Ever . 
Had a pretty kick-ass time with < PROPFIRST > , hit the gym , checked out some Halloween stuff , and did some errands . Home , now . 
< PROPFEMALE > Day's character in New Vegas is a scrawny , brainy redhead ... with a massive pneumatic gauntlet who prefers to charge into battle and PUNCH PEOPLE TO DEATH . \ 
... it can't get any better than that . 
HE'S GOT A BOB-OMB ! 
The Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . movie is SUCH a guilty pleasure . I love it . 
Finished Fallout : New Vegas . Wow . Just ... wow . It takes the old-school sensibility and character of the old Fallout games and injects it with new life . The choices are hard , the morals cloudy , and the resolutions both heartwarming and depressing . 
Spontaneously lost power for a couple of hours because our street's transformer committed suicide . Weird . 
Dear students who laughed at < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell for saying that the Separation of Church and State isn't in the Constitution , \ 
IT'S NOT . NOWHERE . NEVER . IT IS NOT . \ 
I don't particularly care for her as a person or a candidate , but you are just making yourselves out to be self-righteous FUCKING MORONS . \ 
Love , Sean . \ 
PS : It's in a letter from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you twatwaffles . 
Heading out to < PROPFIRST>'s , and then to the dump . Adventure ... ho ? 
Too ... many ... potstickers . Blarrrggarrbbble . 
Reading Heat Wave . I love Castle . So . Much . 
This ain't no rocket science , no big mystery , why the light of day that's shown to us is absolutely meaningless to me ... 
Going out to vote . I hope everyone else out there in the States is gonna do the same . 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little unwell . 
I feel like I was supposed to remember something about today . Something that shouldn't be forgot ? Oh well . 
Cooking dinner for the family : cheesy lasagna roll-ups , caesar salad and garlic bread . 
Family dinner , and then more work . I'm half-yay , half not-yay . 
Finally done working . Ugh . Now , to relax , and write , and then hit the hay . 
So apparently people in < PROPMALE>'s school run around yelling BLACK OPS in the hallway . Why ? Because they're gonna BRO IT UP , MAN . BRO FIST IT . BRO SLAM IT . BRO IT ALL THE WAY , BRO . 
Blarg . 
Ah , the McRib . They can only harvest the spleens of the rare Atlantean dodo bird once a year . And it is delicious . 
So , Black Ops ' campaign was awesome , if a bit short . Still not worth the sheer masculine howling being elicited by it . 
When I need an excuse to get pissed off , I just have to use the Random Dungeon Finder . Fffffff . 
Why is it that , sometimes , when I get REALLY tired , I start to panic and feel anxious ? It sucks . 
Randomly depressed . Blarg . 
And you could have it all , my empire of dirt . I will let you down . I will make you hurt . 
Banana . Bread . Omnomnomnomnom . 
Yes , phone woman . I am lying to you . I am really < PROPFIRST > ! You do NOT have the wrong number , even though I just told you that you did . 
Wait , < PROPMALE > Potter's out ? And I'm not there ?! WHAT ?! NOOOOOO . 
Weird dreams , about Power Rangers , old parties , and other stuff . Hrm . 
Some people never , ever , learn . Wow . 
Sometimes , my old writing can surprise me . Sometimes , it can also make me super frustrated . 
Poker Night at the Inventory is HILARIOUS , and actually , is a ton of fun . Playing poker with Heavy , Tycho , Strong Bad and < PROPMALE > is great . 
Crusader Strike buffed back to 150% , and then nerfed to 115% ? DINKLEBERG . 
Apparently by ' mechanically separated turkey ' , this company meant ' chunky brown shit-paste that looks like something my dog threw up ' . Wonderful . 
My cat Loki is very , very bad . He can't keep anything down , and he's stopped moving , for the most part . I wish I could do something to help . 
Just realized Burn Notice is back on . OH HAPPY DAY . 
Loki died this morning . To quote a wise man , he is on the next great adventure . See you at the crossroads . 
Thanks for all the well wishes , everyone . Happy Thanksgiving . 
Finally saw Toy Story 3 . What's with Pixar movies lately and making me cry ? 
Just realized my phone's been off for like a week . Whoops . 
Yes , using the Department of Homeland Security's extra-constitutional measures to shut down websites and seize domain names is totally not a slippery slope . Well played ! 
Adventures in ever-changing sleep schedules ! Dare not to be consistent ! Sleep during the daytime ! 
The deviantART popular section makes me weep for humanity , sometimes . 
I just sat here trying to translate the horn from the beginning of Last Breath by the Mad Caddies into text to encompass my mood , and then couldn't figure it out . Curses . 
I love Beat Hazard so much . 
KNEEL BEFORE ZOD . 
Looking for an art/photoshop talented friend to help me make a logo/icon for my new blog . Anyone interested ? I will pay you in ... uh ... kindness ! 
Going to get a Christmas tree . Christmas . Not a Holiday tree . Suck it . 
Christmas tree GET . Bam . 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE>'s escaped ! Recruit a team of teenagers with attitude ! 
Just removed the cap from my bottle of blood orange soda . It shot like a bullet all the way across my room . Ack . 
I want to be the best . Like no one ever was . 
Fringe is easily the best show on this year . Seriously . I love it . 
What is this talk of snow ?! I see no snow ! 
Watching the first season of Power Rangers . It's so 90's that if I cut it , it would bleed AWESOME BLUD XTREME . 
But boys will be boys and girls have those eyes that will cut you to ribbons sometimes . And all you can do is just wait by the < PROPFEMALE > and bleed if it's what she says you oughta do . 
My debit card spontaneously doesn't work . This probably would had been good to know BEFORE I tried to buy a ton of stuff . 
Is it Pokemon month , or cartoon character month ?! OH GOD MY BRAIN MEAT . 
Usually , Wal-Mart is abandoned in the early hours , but today , there must have been an old people convention in town . Blarg . 
I think I'm just going to hide in my room for a little while . .___. 
\Play the minute the servers go live ! \ " apparently means \ " Our servers will crumple into a black hole and explode . \"" 
Okay , time to coma . 
5 Second Films is a website I cannot believe I missed until now . Seriously . 
Mass Effect 3 AND The Elder Scrolls V announced at the same time ? Be still my heart ! 
The Bones from Thursday was the best in a long time . Great character study with really fascinating symbolism and great acting . I loved it . 
Can't get jobs . The program's erratic . Arg . For a while , this was awesome . 
On a positive note , had a fun time hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . Now , back to smashing my face into this thing . 
I'm starting to hear the noise Ventrilo makes when you click push to talk in my head when I think to myself . That ... can't be good . 
Anyone know any places that are hiring ? Or work at places that are hiring ? Let me know . I'm gonna go ... stuff . 
Memories of how it used to be , painted thick on my walls . Cold illusions pumping through my veins ; felt them there but I didn't hear them call ... 
Derp . 
Alas , poor Logitek gaming mouse ! I knew him , Facebookio ... an input device of infinite sensitivity and of excellent control . 
Walking into a kitchen should not involve burning eyes like getting maced in the face . Arg . 
My arguments that Die Hard is the ultimate Christmas movie have fallen on deaf ears , but come on . An estranged husband and wife reunite and through trauma and trials work through their differences and become a family again . If that's not the ultimate Christmas movie , I don't know what is . 
I am so freakin ' drink right now oh god hahaha . < PROPFIRST > suggested shots that was a maitastake . hehehehehe . 
I got the most ridiculously awesome pair of gaming headphones with a detachable microphone . Sound is bliss . 
I just stumbled across a Bones/NCIS crossover fic I apparently started writing in a haze . I deserve only death ! 
Pocky is too damn addicting . Nomnomnom . 
Blarg with the ... brain ... thing . Urg . 
Panty and Stocking with Garterbelt . Wow . Just ... wow . Wow ! Wow . 
Listening to Panty and Stocking with Garterbelt's soundtrack on repeat . Ffffff . 
Deathwing just killed me while I went to get something to eat for breakfast . Clearly , < PROPFIRST > the Tiger and him have a checkered past . 
\Love . You can learn all the math in the ' verse ... but you take a boat in the air that you don't love ... she'll shake you off just as sure as the turn of the worlds . Love keeps her in the air when she ought to fall down ... tells you she's hurting before she keels . Makes her a home . \"" 
Vanilla ice cream is frickin ' delicious . 
< PROPFIRST > stations are absolutely fascinating . 
So , the First Access club just told me that Duke Nukem Forever is coming out May 3rd . Good to know the day the apocalypse shall begin ! 
I heard a rumor about Matrix 4 and 5 being confirmed by Keanu Reeves . It turns out , it's true . I'm ... I'm just gonna ... * leaves the internet * 
Pendulum is ear-sex . 
Writing . Kinda . Sorta . Editing is proving to be infuriating . 
Mass Effect 2 Alt Appearance 2 - Grunt looks like an extra from Tron , Tali's change is kinda bland , but < PROPFEMALE > ? In full armor !? Worth it . 
All < PROPFEMALE > Superman was faithful to the comic , which is great , because the comic was fantastic . Can't complain . 
According to my internet weather app , it's fifty degrees out . Clearly , something has gone haywire . Haywire , I tell you ! 
You know it's hard to tell you this , oh it's hard to tell you this . \ 
Here's looking at you , Kid . 
Kung Pow is hilarious every time I watch it . Every . Time . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Greater Internet Dickwad Theory never ceases to be agonizingly true . 
Achey Breaky Heart just shuffled onto my iTunes . WHERE DID I GET THIS ?! 
Sun Drop , I like you , you're awesome , but ' Get Dropped ' as a slogan ? Really ? Get Dropped ? I know where I would have dropped that slogan . The trash . 
Just spent an hour writing up a short story as a forum post , only to accidentally delete the entire thing . And Chrome can't undo a delete if you swap tabs , apparently . I just ... with the ... facepalm ... and bed . 
Dragon Age II . Dragon Age II ? Dragon Age II ! 
Alistair ! Your cameo may be brief , but so worth it . 
Every time it gets really foggy , I feel like I'm driving into Silent Hill , which would be bad . My subconscious could make a trained psychiatrist cry . 
And no , that's not plot spoilers . At all . So no beating me with the spoilito stick ! 
WHAT . NO . NO . NO NO NO . WHAT ?! Seriously ?! What ?! No ! Dragon Age 2 , how could you !? 
Finished Dragon Age 2 . It was even better than the first one . A ton of fun . Great story , great characters , all around a blast . But the ending ? Man oh man . Someone else finish it , so I can vent . 
Every time I hear the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers theme song , I want to punch a dude . Or a dudette . Well , I just want to punch * something * . 
Is that Hurley on Fringe ? Huh . 
Think I must have skipped an episode , here . Stuff is happening that I don't know about . Curses ! Curses ! 
Mind blown twice in one day . Must divert power from the anti-grav pods to the brain shield batteries . Damn you , Fringe ! 
I used to hate raw tomatoes , but now I love them . Clearly , I have passed into an alternate universe where they are delicious . 
I don't always herp when I derp , but when I herp , I derp . 
The incompetence of some people is staggering . Staggering . Just ... just ... come on . 
Oh God , it's not three AM , it's four AM . DAMN YOU . 
When people say they're taking a ' quick AFK ' , it always means half an hour . Minimum . 
S: I'm going to put my game face on . D: It's a Nixon mask , isn't it ? 
I am made of rage . Also , flesh . But rage ! 
Just did a quest in Felwood called ' Open Their Eyes ' , which involves shooting imps with rainbows . ALWAYS , I WANT TO BE WITH YOU , MAKE BELIEVE WITH YOU ... 
Also , the previous quests are ' Do the Imp-Possible ' , ' See the Invisible ' , ' Touch the Untouchable ' and ' Break the Unbreakable ' . ROW ROW FIGHT THE POWAH . 
It's St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day today ?! What spore of madness made me not realize this ?! 
What is it about ' its ' that makes me cringe . Damn it , ' its'! 
Need to find if anywhere around here sells Jaffa Cakes . Curse you , UK . 
This inability to sleep thing is kind of starting to move from ' amusing ' to ' frustrating ' . Curses . 
Got handed down the folks ' old speakers with a subwoofer . Is it possible to have a musical joygasm ? I think so . 
My life is crazy when I decide to let it be . 
It's weird to be awake at an actual human hour without having been up the previous night . What is this thing you call the day ?! 
I like when my computer decides to randomly corrupt a ton of files . That's great . I really appreciate that . 
Two hours later and one Windows scan seems to have fixed everything . Still ... * facepalms * 
Normal human hours , awake , etc , etc . Body , I swear to God , be good , or I'll knife fight you . 
Crysis 2 COMPLETE . A very good ( almost excellent ) ' standard ' FPS , but a huge step back for Crytek . Thanks , EA . 
... insomnia , you are my constant nemesis . 
Portal 2 was SOGOOD . Though , Valve , seriously , get on Episode 3 . 
I really liked the first Game of Thrones episode , although watching it with the family was a bit awkward . Good start , though . 
Hi , random depression . Come in , have some tea . 
