Real is not how you remain .... Its the thing that happened to you 

Air conditioner is still broken .... ugh ... 
my a/c might be fixed ... i will believe it when it works for more than two days 
hanging out with my son 
When you become senile , you won't know it . 
tired of cleaning ...... wishing there were house cleaning fairies in real life lol ... 
hmm ..... i dont even know what i am thinking right now .... im so out of it today 
Embarrassed ..... 
House is immaculate .... all except my room ... 5 1/2 hours of cleaning way to long 
Sleep .... lol not probably watch television 
Heading to Chapel Hill soon .... got to love the 3 hour drive there ... Its so much fun .. lol not really . But I will catch you all when I get back 
says my house is so HOT that potatoes could cook underground , and all you would have to do to have lunch is to pull one out and add butter , salt and pepper 
Who needs enemies when you can have friends who will just as easily stab you in the back and lie to your face !!! 
I think its time to re-evaluate whats happening in my life . Decisions need to be made about situations and people , no matter how hard those decisions may be 
You can not experience the best in life with out putting yourself forward to possibly experience the worst in life . Take the risk ; it's a life worth living 
just can not actually give it a name .. exhausted but not tired , surrounded but lonely , sad but for no reason , wants to cry but not upset ! 
needs to get off the sofa and go to bed but doesnt want to disturb her sleeping legs . They look so comfortable , bless ' em and good night everyone 
is tired of chasing her dreams . So I am going to ask where they're going and catch up with them later 
.. is staring at her screen ... impatiently waiting for someone interesting to come online and entertain her .. so friggin bored .. come on .. entertain me damn it !! LOL 
Its not the fact that you lied to me .... Its just the fact that you thought I wasn't good enough for the truth ..... 
says never give up on whatever you can't stop thinking about . The power of thought is stronger than you think 
Sometimes ... what's left unsaid ... speaks the loudest 
People say that the grass is always greener on the other side but the truth is the grass is never greener on the other side , the grass is only greener where you take time to water it 
at parents house in illinois if neone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know 
says its far easier to leave angry words unspoken than to fix the hearts those that words have broken 
is as bored as a kangaroo on a trampoline 
is as bored as a diabetic in a < PROPFEMALE > factory 
tell me a joke .... I am really bored ne joke will do 
is wondering if u could pick one word to describe urself what would it be 
Distances means so little when that special someone means so much to you . 
IF YOU THINK THAT SOMETHING IS WORTH FIGHTING FOR THEN FIGHT TO KEEP IT EVEN AFTER YOU GET IT 
Sitting here wondering g what in the world I did wrong now 
Sitting here wondering what in the world I did wrong now 
thinks if your not willing to risk it at all , then you don't want it bad enough . If you obey all the rules , you'll miss all the fun . 
Is annoyed and wants to turn into a bird and shit on someones head , to bad that person is not on my friends list ! 
you can't prevent wany you can't predict 
YOU CANT PREVENT WHAT YOU CAN'T PREDICT 
Life is full of choices , make them , live with them ... but don't expect everyone else to embrace them . 
No matter how bad life gets just remember some one in the grave yard would always love to swap places 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; You will be surprised what people remember about you ! 
thinks holding a grudge is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die 
People who put others on an EMOTIONAL ROLLER-COASTER , are also the ones running the ride ! 
arthritis kicking in bad cant sleep about to take my pain meds 
you know you are getting old when you come home from work at 6pm and put your pj's on and get ready for bed without your mother telling you to 
People should learn that maybe it's not me who changed , but it's their viewpoint of me that has . 
Unless you are talking about wine or cheese age means no difference 
wants you all to admit that it's not only my mind thats in the gutter . It's just that I'm the only one saying what everyone else is thinking . :D 
Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest ... It's about who came , and never left your side .. 
When Losing Someone You Love , You Find It Hard To Function . It Doesn't Heal Over Time . You Just Learn To Cope With It 
You know that you are getting old when you come home from work at 6 pm ( unless you work in the < PROPFEMALE > Corps with the RIP lol ) and put your pj's on and get ready for bed without your mother telling you to 
just realized that there is no such thing as a < PROPMALE > Charming , they're all just little boys playing dressing up . 
I am out of order ... dont know when the repairs will be done .... but if you are that worried then i guess you will find a way to make me function properly .... 
Thinking that children are just little angels that God sent down from heaven to make us laugh ..... 
<---------- sleepy , grumpy , and not in the mood to entertain others .... and is thinking it should be illegal to have to get up while it is still dark out . 
Why is it that the more tired I get , the better some of these FB games seem ? 
I licked a snowman in my car because i think i need some serious help 
Missing my son .... hope he hurrys home soon .... 
is still waiting for her knight in shining armour riding on a white horse to come rescue her , but knowing how her luck goes she will get the idiot in tin foil riding in on a donkey .... 
Think I will go back to being called fifth grade lol jk 
You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter . 
Dont even get me started to much went on today 
So just sitting around cleaning my house and downloading music at the same time while the youngest is sleeping 
Does a house ever actually get clean an stay clean lol or do u just keep cleaning in circles therefore your house is never really clean 
Men can read maps better than women . Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equalling a hundred < PROPMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > Barr 
Even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there . Will Rogers 
People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one . Goodnight Everyone 
My father taught me to work ; he did not teach me to love it . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ...... 
is thinking that maybe your driving test should include how to drive sideways in the snow since everyone seems to be good at it . Wish everyone knew how to drive in the snow not just people from certain states ....... 
“Don't dwell on what went wrong . Instead , focus on what to do next . Spend your energy on moving forward toward finding the answer . ” 
Everytime you see a beautiful woman , just remember , someone got tired of her .... 
“Although an ass is tired , he continues to < PROPFEMALE > his burden ; he is unmindful of cold and heat ; and he is always contented ; these three things should be learned from the ass . ” 
Just need 4 more for my chxn coop raising please help if you havent already 
Sleep ... Oh ! how I loathe those little slices of death 
“I believe you should live each day as if it is your last , which is why I don't have any clean laundry , because , come on , who wants to wash clothes on the last day of their life ? ” lol I am definately joking 
The Second Amendment says we have the right to bear arms , not to bear artillery . 
“Any kid will run any errand for you , if you ask at bedtime . ” 
“Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . ” 
So So tired can hardly stay awake .... but the silly boy is still awake so I cant go to bed 
have barracks duty tomorrow 
Needs to be in bed at the moment cant hardly stay awake ... 
f my so called friends bc apparently they dont know what is the problem .... and I know I am a person that is able to be read like no other ... 
is it bedtime yet ? 
Its Son Week !!! If you have one son or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , Is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status =) 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
The obscure we see eventually . The completely obvious , it seems , takes longer . 
The axe soon forgets , but the tree always remembers . 
The repose of sleep refreshes only the body . It rarely sets the soul at rest . The repose of the night does not belong to us . It is not the possession of our being . Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms . In the morning we must sweep out the shadows . 
They say that nobody is perfect . Then they tell you practice makes perfect . I wish they'd make up their minds . 
Experience has taught me this , that we undo ourselves by impatience . Misfortunes have their life and their limits , their sickness and their health . 
“Seems like I am always chosen to be the ' friend ' . They can date other girls , and go out with other girls , but when it comes to me , I always hear those same three words ... ' let's be friends . ' And I can date other guys , but the ones I really care about” 
Thats not exactly a soup question now is it ? 
You should have stayed with the soup question . The object of a question is to obtain information that matters only to us . 
Why is it that I am officially out of the active side of the < PROPFEMALE > Corps and let alone out of the RIP plt but yet I am not happy to be out ........... 
Horrible headache ....... dont know why ... have to clean 
thinks you should never make someone a priority when they make you an option 
Lol happy bday to me . Knox just changed his first diaper . He loves Aspen so much . 
bored ... Missing someone horribly . 
cant sleep ready 4 the beach . Wish i could go right now 
going to go see hot tub time machine 
Had a good day for once . very relaxing day spent with friends . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for watching the kids . Really appreciate it . 
Time to hit up the gym . Late night workout time . 
Home from gym . Had a pleasant workout should have stayed longer though hour n a half doesnt seem long enough 
At the gym again already . Probably going to hurt myself by working out so much but oh well . Need to keep working out . 
At theater with knox seeing care bears to the rescue 
Hitting up the gym . Boredom does wonders on me lol 
watching season one of supernatural with < PROPFEMALE > . shes never seen the show b4 . thankfully i own every season released so far . bc she is hooked already . lets just see if she can sleep in her room tonight or if she will have to sleep in the living room with the lights on lol 
At the chiropractor then off to the gym for an hour b4 i have to go watch my room mates kid so she can go to n interview . 
Goodnight 4 now world . 
Time to clean the house 
running errards . looking for a job then its time to hit the gym b4 i go grocery shopping 
Before you even begin to criticize someone you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way when you do critcize them you are a mile away from them and have their shoes . 
At the gym 
So wornout . Need an adult vacation 
Sitting at my Veterans Affairs doctor appointment bored out of my mind 
Getting lots of xrays oh the joy of leaving a doctors office and when u should probably be glowing 
Seventy two xrays later and im still alive 
So bored I am sitting up coloring 
yay just got computer back 
cant sleep so tired 
If you smile when no one else is around , you really mean it . 
Okay seriously going to bed now ..... Done filling out other peoples paperwork and have the kids stuff ready and laid out for the morning so hopefully that makes it easier .... But of course I am dreading waking up because I have the worst insomnia and never get enough sleep .... 
Okay I am off ..... Need to get errands done . Cant sit on my rear end all day ... lol .... 
Your eyes tell a story it just takes the right person to come along and read it ..... :) 
Struggles are required in order to survive in life because in order to stand up , you gotta know what falling down is like . 
Ok seriously going to go and hit the rack . I hate this insomnia should have been in bed hours ago but cant fall asleep . finally 1 am slowly getting tired . I cant stand not sleeping at a normal hr and hate taking my sleep meds bc what if I dont wake up to the kids crying or something . Goodnight/Morning Sweet Dreams Dont Let the Bed Bugs Bite and If They Do Then I Personally Give You Permission To Hit Them With Your Shoe 
you can either let your past hold you down and hold you back or you can use it as a catalyst to propel you forward . 
is off to Club B.E.D featuring DJ Pillow and MC Blanket . Gonna show my sheets some ass and give my pillow some head !! Have a wonderful rest of the so called night or morning everyone ... 
So just wondering if anyone maybe interested in having a catalog show for the Pampered Chef ... 
Relaxing ... No kids today ... what shall I do ... lol 
is off 2 sleep & dream the dreams of the insane . Anyone want 2 join me ? I'll B on the 3rd canoe w/the purple penguin & the pot smoking chipmunk . Hope 2 C U there along with hopes that the little demons come out of the closet and from under the bed and cleans the house for her while she catches some Zs . 
Sun bathing with my girl and reading cosmo 
Never really realized but after Sunday , Monday , Tuesday the calender says W T F ..... 
says if you were on a deserted island and you could only bring one item , how come people never say \a boat \"" 
No , I DID NOT TRIP ! The floor just looked like it REALLY needed a hug (: 
some say the glass is half full and some say the glass is half empty but I say who gives 2 shits it needs refilling 
Today , I was yelling at my vacuum cleaner saying it ' sucked ' . Then I felt bad because I realized I was yelling at it for doing something it's supposed to do .. 
Dear Week , Its over its not you well its mostly you ; you just drag on forever and Ive met someone better , there name is weekend Im sorry it had to end this way 
No ! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk ... I am not drunk ! Who would name their kid drunk ? lol just messing with you guys I really am not drunk I promise you just bored out of my mind ..... have a good night I am off to the land of sleepiness 
It must be spring , I just saw 2 crackheads pawning a space heater . Who needs a groundhog ? 
Archies .... Im sure they all have been missing me . Lets see what trouble I can not get into tonight . Lol 
The doctor is often more to be feared than the disease . 
Roll roll , roll my butt , right on into bed . Kiss the pillow , hug the covers , call me sleepy head . Good Night , xoxoxo . 
you know you are a mom when you write your to do list in crayon . 
Driving back to Jacksonville for my VA appointment then back to Chapel Hill BC they still havent released Aspen . 
I like it in my car . 
Tired so tired . Child support court then carpet installation then back to the hospital since aspens still in . 
A woman's heart should be so lost in God that a man must seek Him in order to find her 
So yeah i had my armpit cut into by the doctor for nothing . The lump wasnt what they thought it was unbelievable 
I would rather have ONE person who loves me with ALL their heart than a million people who just ACT like they do ! 
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always gotten their first , and is waiting for it . 
every night i pick up around the house and in the morning the kids \ 
trash it , so tonight I'm going to trash the house and see if they pick \ 
it up in the morning . 
Well I've had enough of this . my sheep are too tired to even jump over the stupid fence , they've huddled up together and started counting crickets ! 
TRUST is like glass , so easy to shatter , u can attempt to put it back together , u gonna get cut a few times in the process and it's still gonna be broken 
Men are like commercials : they sound good but you know its false advertisement . 
is doing her best to give her children enough\ 
to whine about in therapy when they're all grown up . 
( < PROPFEMALE > ) What do you do when you do a horse ? 
is wonderin why they chain up pens in banks . Like we're gonna steal a pen in a bank filled with tons of money !!! Out of everything , we want the pens !!! 
If you \like\ " this status 
iujujjjkjkjkjkum943rZdopjffnffsgkfgskldfgskjfgklsdfklg ; jgt gjgh ghgjgkgkl ; gkl ; ggl 
Bored driving ... Someone entertain me ... Kids have been dropped off with their dad or grandparents . So now I really have no life 
Okay people someone tell me their funny joke of the day . 
definately have a new favorite cd this week ... didnt like it at first but the more i listened to it the more it grew on me 
Now should I force myself to go to sleep bc I am still not tired . fml 
ok for real now I am logging of shutting my internet down and going to bed . goodnight everyone 
Satan stirs up wicked men to oppose the \ 
Lord’s work 
You will never understand what the term crazy is in reference to people until you actually meet the one person who defines crazy ... 
high school reunion time getting on the road heading to illinois and indiana 
Finally in illinois .... high school reunion time this weekend in indiana 
ok off to Merrillville ...... leaving the parents house now ... if you want to get ahold of call my cell 815 546 6348 
It was great seeing all who did show up to the high school reunion ... Hope people wont b strangers keep in touch bc in 5 years we will have another reunion 
I am just remembering the days when people were mean to you bc they didnt like you or they didnt even know you but now my favorite is the ones who are nice to your face but cant even be friends with you .... 
Whats going on in < PROPMALE > , Illinois on a Tuesday ? 
Off on an adventure into < PROPMALE > , Illinois ..... lol 
Lagoon Saloon Tonight I think .... 
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world ; \ 
and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve \ 
men every day who don't know anything and can't read . 
Wow ... What to do .... Morris is so eventful so much to choose from lol jk 
I really love when you wake up at 5 in the morning after only going to bed an hour and a half ago and you can not go back to sleep ... wow what a loser I am .... Dont worry I said it you can just agree ... 
Who wants to come over and have a drink ....... 
Well guess Im going on an adventure .... Dont ask dont tell ..... 
WHEN LIFE GIVES YOU LEMONS , MAKE GRAPE JUICE AND WATCH EVERYONE WONDER HOW THE HELL YOU DID IT ... 
Is going house hunting .... 
is through playing the rules of someone else's game . Where can I get a voodoo doll ? \ 
Maybe people should stop taking things I say and looking for further meaning , pretty sure I say things just because I care and wonder how people feel about life's ups and downs .... 
Tact is for people who aren't witty enough to be sarcastic . 
I certainly do not drink all the time . I have to sleep you know . 
Childhood is measured out by the sounds , and smells , and sights , before the dark hour of reason grows . 
“Liberty is the right to choose . Freedom is the result of the right choice . ” 
If you were supposed to watch your mouth all the time I doubt your eyes would be above it 
Yes I'm a sarcastic insulting opinionated bitch . this is who I'm . if you don't like it Piss Off . i also believe in < PROPFEMALE > so I'm going to sit and watch .. If being a BITCH , means telling it like it is .. Then yes I'm a BITCH , and very proud of it ! Because I'm NOT afraid of hurting your feelings !! TO ALL MY HATERS ( and you know who you are ) My name is not a < PROPMALE > so PLEASE keep it OUT of your MOUTH !!! 
' S.H.I.T ' ' what does that mean ? ' ' So Happens Its Thursday . ' 
Have you ever noticed the Krusty Krab is in Bikini Bottom . that can't be a coincidence , can it ? And people wonder why I hate that show .... lol 
My business isn't your business . So , unless you're my panties . Don't ride my A$$ ! like this if you know somebody who's just like a penny ; two-faced and worthless ! ( you know exactly who you are ) 
You don't just stop loving someone , either you never did or you always will . < I will never stop loving you , even if it destroys me inside > </3 
Hates it when people walk out of your life and pretend like they were never there , like you never laughed , and never cared . 
Long drive to c my son then back to nc 
Welcome to kentucky .... U mean im not done driving yet ? 
Dumb Storm has me stuck in Tennessee 
Off to bed since I can not travel due to the weather :( on the plus side I will have another day with my son .... 
On the road again ... N my days just getting gradually worse 
Damn whats with a turtle trying to cross a six < PROPFIRST > highway . Luckily I didnt run it over . Swerved to miss it hope the car further behind me didnt run it over 
home hell home ... afraid to set foot in my house to see the damages old housemates left 
So my home hell home is not destroyed as bad as the landlord made it sound . but im still pissed at the condition of the place . way to go old housemates 
asks for < PROPFEMALE > to deal with stupid people and courage to tolerate their ignorance because Lord only knows if I ask for strength I will beat them to death ! 
August 6th think I am going to be lame and go see Vanilla Ice ...... 
is really tired and thinks she might have that new Chinese disease ... Its called Dragon Ass . Nite peeps .. sleep tight !! 
Can someone please shut down Facebook so I can clean my house ? hehehe 
please forward all complaints to my mother , after all i'm her fault . 
is thinking , a padded cell , meals made for her and the washing up done by someone else is sounding really really good right now !! So therefore I will clean house when Sears comes out with a riding vacuum cleaner . 
The day is bright and < PROPFEMALE > ; my nose is kinda runny . It may seem kind of funny ... but it's SNOT . Weather forecast : Tonight dark with a < PROPMALE > of tomorrow in the morning . 
If we threw all our problems in a pile and saw everyone ' problems . We would take our problems back . 
Recipe for a man : 1 cup of lies , 2 cups of bullshit , 1 stick of < PROPMALE > , 3 cups of f*ck up and a lifetime of \Baby I'm sorry \"" 
You lied to me yet again , and now I'm moving on . Some day you will realize what you are missing out on , but by then I will have found somebody who already knew .... ( to the majority of my friends ) 
I hate when I'm supposed to be doin ' somethin ' and then I get on facebook and get side tracked 
You called me a bitch ? a bitch is a dog , a dog barks , bark is on a tree , tree's are nature , and nature is beautiful , so thank you for the lovely comment ;) x 
Is confused about how you can want something so badly you'll do anything to get it and then you're too scared to try for it . 
thinks it's ironic that the people that are supposed to be older and wiser are sometimes the people that are the most petty and childish !!! 
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it . 
WARNING ! This person has gone to sleep and their status bar has been hijacked by the monster under the bed . <-- Sleeping until further notice . DO NOT DISTURB ! 
Dont let this situation get to you . This is not a hill worth dying on . Dont let these circumstances tear your heart in to . Soon enough this chapter will be gone 
laughs at CAUTION MEN AT WORK SIGNS .. women work all the time .. men have to put up signs when they work 
thinks after 4th grade , you should know the difference between YOU , YOUR & YOU'RE & THEIR , THERE & THEY'RE and how to use those words in a sentence , PROPERLY ! 
Is definately going to go see Vanilla Ice tomorrow .... 
wonders if you live your life always pleasing others , then is it really your life ? 
Woke up this morning with a huge smile on her face :) BC some of my friends are the best friends I could have and send me things that I look at again years down the road and they actually are keeping a smile on my face .... Thank YOU 
Off to c vanilla ice in concert .. This should b fun 
At a vanilla ice and almost kings concert .... 
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing . 
If I had my life to live again . I'd make the same mistakes , only sooner . 
\Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do . \"" 
is deciding who and what is worthy of keeping in my life . It's come time for a change , a new direction , a new beginning perhaps . positive thinking now will prove positive results for the future I always find that once you quit over thinking and worrying about things life just fall into place , and you find that your happy with the way things turned out . 
knows that loving someone is not an assurance that they will love you back . So when love doesn't grow in their hearts , be happy that at least it grew in yours ! 
http://lotto.zynga.com?ref=fbt&zid=31075565425&h=16ff 
Has decided to change her status to reflect life today . Sometimes life isn't about living it is about knowing how to overcome hurdles the best way you know how 
says \I have decided that if people cant handle me at my worst then they certainly don't deserve me at my best !! \"" 
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven 
You cant have everything ... Where would you put it ? 
Off to work .... 
The modern < PROPFEMALE > tale ending is the reverse of the traditional one . A woman does not wait for < PROPMALE > Charming to bring her happiness ; she lives happily ever after only by refusing to wait for him . It is those who persistin hoping for < PROPMALE > Charming who are setting themselves up for disillusionmentand unhappiness . 
Boredom has struck yet again . So here is a random word for the day . Its a old one that hardly anyone will have heard of . MALODOROUS which by definition means to have a bad odor OR highly improper . So now that your brain will probably explode from your new knowledge have fun using your new word . 
Do not try to follow in the footsteps of the men of old , seek what they sought . 
The kingdom of God is like seeds that grow in people differently 
Happy Birthday to my son Knox and one of my best friends < PROPFEMALE > Abbott and also to < PROPFEMALE > Dashno !!! Miss you Girls . Hope you both have a great Birthday ! 
Happy Birthday mom 
Off to work soon the to do some fundraising for the 15 year reunion ..... Yes , No comments necessary I like to get a head start on things . Make the cost cheaper for everyone and make it a reunion no one will forget .... So if you have any negativity just keep it to yourself PLEASE . 
In the Car 
Thinks the world just ended .... Lost something of extreme importance to me 
Long day time for bed bc I have another long day ahead of me tomorrow ... Lots of stuff to do 
is wondering where this road is taking me and who will be with me once I get where I am going ... AND who I'll leave along side the road in the middle of nowhere ! 
It's so cold outside that teens at the mall are pulling their pants up ! 
Be kinder than necessary , for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 
Even a man who is pure in heart and says his prayers by night may become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms and the autumn < PROPFEMALE > is bright . 
Another's cow could moo , but yours should be silent . 
Granny ( told fortunes and ) said two things (— it will either rain or snow ; it either will or will not ) . 
All the mankind entered this world through the same gate .. So in other words .... Every person has equal rights . Nobody is entitled for more than others 
Do not make an elephant out of a fly . 
When eagerness is coupled with lack of understanding of the task , one's efforts will be more of a hindrance than a help ; Better not to follow instructions literally but understand their purpose . 
Its been a bad day .... losing things again .. cant find them .... 
Though this weekend was a very bumpy ride I will admit that I enjoyed every minute of the adventure .... 
I know what I would like ..... Its just a matter of how I am going to accomplish it ... 
Once burned by milk you will blow on cold water . ( After some bitter or painful experience you will be on your guard against similar troubles or sufferings ) 
We have no right to ask when sorrow comes , \Why did this happen to me ? \ " unless we ask the same question for every moment of happiness that comes our way . " 
So it took me 18 years to watch The Nightmare Before Christmas in its entirety without falling asleep during the first 10 minutes of the movie ... That was the biggest waste of 85 minutes that I could have ever spent .... What do all of you see in that movie ????? 
You cannot write in the chimney with charcoal !! 
Eat breakfast yourself , share dinner with your friend , give the supper to your enemy 
You can't heal stubbornness 
\He who meddles in others people's affairs will be left with two of three parts . \"" 
If you < PROPMALE > two rabbits , you will not catch either one . 
....... 
Its the crying baby that gets the milk ! 
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist . 
It takes one minute to change your attitude . In that one minute , you can change your entire day ! 
The greatest danger could be your stupidity 
Those are my principles . If you don't like them I have others 
If you don't start out the day with a smile , it's not too late to start practicing for tomorrow . Today , give a stranger one of your smiles . It might be the only sunshine he sees all day . 
The basic thing is that everyone wants happiness , no one wants suffering . And happiness mainly comes from our own attitude , rather than from external factors . If your own mental attitude is correct , even if you remain in a hostile atmosphere , you feel happy 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” \Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . ” " 
If you want your life to be a magnificent story , then begin by realizing that you are the author and everyday you have the opportunity to write a new < PROPFEMALE > 
Allow the president to invade a neighboring nation , whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion , and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such a purpose - and you allow him to make war at pleasure . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Die when I may , I want it said by those who knew me best that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow . \ 
If my neck hurt anymore I might have to walk around like the headless horseman 
A life without love is like a year without summer .... 
Swallowed anger leads to anxiety 
So I think I am officially going to have to put a lock on my fridge .... Not because I need to stop eating so much food but because my son keeps turning the thermostat down for the fridge and the freezer ... letting everything spoil ..... Fun stuff .... 
< PROPFIRST > Loera is the coolest guy in the world ! i couldn't have a better friend ! Everyone sucks standing next to this hot fella ! 
My theory on housework is , if the item doesn't multiply , smell , catch fire , or block the refrigerator door , let it be . No one else cares . Why should you ? 
I better be going . I have to get up sometime tomorrow . 
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up ! 
Whatever the struggle , continue to climb . It may be only one step to the summit . 
My view is that to get anywhere in life you have to be anti-social , otherwise you'll end up being devoured . I've never been particularly social , anyway , but if I've ever been rude , fifty per cent of it has usually been provoked by other people's attitudes . Though I do admit , like most Celts , I'm moody . It's fine until people try to cheer you up with gems like , ' snap out of it ' or ' Come on , now ' . ” * < PROPFIRST > Connery * 
Everybody's got their problems , Everybody says the same thing to you . \ 
It's just a matter of how you solve them , And knowing how to change the things you've been through . I feel I've come to realize , How fast life can be compromised . Step back to see what's going on , I can't believe this happened to you . 
We pretend to work because they pretend to pay us . If you have a job without any aggravations , you don't have a job . 
Today's Parenting Tip : Treat a difficult child the way you would your boss at work . Praise his achievements , ignore his tantrums and resist the urge to sit him down and explain to him how his brain is not yet fully developed . ~ Robert Brault 
Don't worry that children never listen to you ; worry that they are always watching you . 
If people were meant to pop out of bed , we'd all sleep in toasters 
Once in awhile , \ 
Right in the middle of an ordinary life , \ 
Love gives us a < PROPFEMALE > tale . 
I only wish to be the fountain of love \ 
From which you drink , \ 
Every drop promising eternal passion . 
you're my love you're my angel you're the girl of my dreams n , I'd like 2 thank u 4 waiting patiently daddy's home ur daddy's home to stay how I waited 4 this moment to be by ur side ur best friend wrote n told me u had tear drops in ur eyes it wasn't on a Sunday , Monday and Tuesday went by it wasn't on a Tuesday afternoon all I could do was cry but I made a promise that u'd treasure I'd bring it back home to u 
I'm bringing home a baby bumblebee ... Wont my mommy be so proud of me .... 
Sure call and tell me my cars ready after the banks are closed 
~ Fatigue is the best pillow . ~ 
Some people talk in their sleep . Lecturers talk while other people sleep . \\ 
After years of cleaning out the inner blockages of repression , doubt , negative emotions , and old conditioning . When this occurs , nothing can pull the mind away from love . Love as a personal emotion is transmuted into a cosmic energy 
Ones regrets and fears can keep them up all night long , but ones love and faith makes one fine pillow * me , me , me * 
Let me just say I hate my car oh wait I dont hate my car I hate the mechanics who dont listen to you when you tell them what is wrong with ur car because you r female n as a female we dont know what is wrong with our cars . Oh wait thats right I was right about what was wrong with my car and the dummies decided not 2 fix it n its still causing a problem . Guess who's going 2 get their buts chewed out tomorrow * MIDAS * 
I think my bed has been calling me for awhile ... Good night I am off to dream land ... 
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories 
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him 
“If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he entitled to happiness ? ” 
“Thoughts , like fleas , jump from man to man , but they don't bite everybody . ” 
“When everything has to be right , something isn't . ” 
I give you bitter pills in sugar coating . The pills are harmless : the poison is in the sugar 
So I think my son has issues ... after the babysitter flips him back overso he doesnt fall out of bed we find out that he has stuffed his bear down his pants and is sleeping with his bear in his pants . 
Bored ... 
I think a snail just past me on the side of the road 
Father , unto thee I pray , thou hast guarded me all day ; safe I am while in thy sight , safely let me sleep tonight . Now to the rest of the world WARNING = If you dare try to wake me , I am in no way responsible for what happens to your face ! 
The weakest link in the chain is also the strongest . It can break the chain ... 
Man may have been created before woman , however you always need a rough draft before you make the final copy ... 
ATTENTION . SOME OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF ME NEEDING NEIGHBORS FOR GAMES . NOW YOU ARE HERE . I AM GLAD TO COUNT YOU NOT ONLY AS GOOD NEIGHBORS ............. BUT AS FRIENDS ....... LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES CHERISH .. GOOD NEIGHBORS AND AWESOME FRIENDS ( See , I < PROPFEMALE > my friends and pay attention ) :) 
“When smashing monuments , save the pedestals - they always come in handy . ” 
“I loved you in the morning , our kisses deep and warm , your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy , < PROPFEMALE > storm , yes many loved before us , I know we are not new , in city and in < PROPMALE > they smiled like me and you , but now it's come to distances and both of us must try , your eyes are soft with sorrow , Hey , that's no way to say goodbye . ” 
“Maybe you don't like your job , maybe you didn't get enough sleep , well nobody likes their job , nobody got enough sleep . Maybe you just had the worst day of your life , but you know , there's no escape , there's no excuse , so just suck up and be nice . ” 
“Sleep ... Oh ! how I loathe those little slices of death .... ” 
Who would of thought that I wasnt a Daddy ... Lol Knox just informed me that I wasnt a daddy and that I was a mommy 
Off to California in 7 more hours ... 
