What it do facebook peeps , where all the good eateries at ? 

going to make to the best of this of this one day weekend that I have before heading back to work on Sunday . 
man had one h*ll of the day at work forget going on the second shift 
I thought the library was supposed to be place of piece and quiet . Who knew it can so noisy ... Eudora Welty ... 
Thank you it is Wednesday 2 more day's to go . Man the weekend is not getting here fast enough 
What everybody I live and in full of energy ready to get this homecoming weekend poppin 
Can't believe this weekend is gone so fast . Oh well have to get back on the grind to find better opportunities that lies within the big world . 
Why am I the only person who seem they can't fall asleep tonite 
glad to see the weekend is finally . Now it time to get the weekend festivies on and poppin . Whatever that might be 
What up Facebook peeps have a joy and happy Christmas . BE SAFE !!! 
Word to the wise don't take hard liquior to head it nothing nice . Let me go i feel a massive headache coming on ... 
Man I hope nailed this job interview tomorrow . It's time for me to make a change in my life where it seems like I am making a step forward towards achieving goals that I set ... 
I really pissed I cant seem to get my phone charging and it already dead . I really starting to hate nokia phones this is second time this mess happen ... 
My day can't get any worser then what I been through at work . 
“I am a warrior and I am not going to turn my back on the battlefield . ” 
It's almost offical planning New Year's trip in Hollywood/Miami , Florida . It time to get into shape and beach body ready . New Year's < PROPFEMALE > I going to make it a day I never forget . 
It not everyday where u get v.i.p the police department 2 get escorted 2 the jsu vs . tsu game . knowing that u not goin 2 jail >> memphis bound << 
I see right know I don't need to be taken days of during the week from work . Miss one day and already swamp with stakes of paper , phone , and meetings to attend . 
Can't be believe I at work watching these going to perform at ' dancing at the stars ' 
What the problem mcdonalds off northside dr. service I really starting not come back if they don't improve . 
I see that TSU have arrive to take this butt whooping tomorrow from JSU !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Do anyone know who selling tickets to the convention center and how much they cost 
