thought 3rd time would be enough .... but i still want to see the hangover again , laughs and laughs 

munch 
Bored 
needs more jump-skills 
home and making more friendship bracelets for people ... again .... at least this time i am drunk 
ran out of black string ...... off to the fabric store , then liquor store 
loves having a phone with a dead battery 
Haren vs . Cain , should be a good game tonight 
wishes he had a chef 
thinks wikipedia is fun 
i am so bored .... please kill me , with cake 
another puzzle solved 
thinks moving furniture in 100 degree heat is not the best way to keep yourself from getting smelly 
is writing a super lame program about cars , this is so weak 
Yay , new minesweeper top score ... 92 seconds on advanced =) 
made a bracelet for < PROPFIRST > maier , and it is argyle-esque .... a bracelet for a bracelet is my new motto ..... but i still like my old motto 
so bored .... this blue < PROPFEMALE > should help with that 
alcohol and string has given me an idea for a bracelet involving hearts , and another involving flowers ............. i am so lame 
can o ' beans 
sweet i get dinner tonight 
Grand < PROPFEMALE > Pooh-Bah 
rvb XD 
wants a beer 
oh look at the time , it's beer o'clock 
why did i put off all my homework till the last minute ???????????? 
it was too hot at work today .... ug smell awful 
so hungry .... 
that was splendeforous 
well the cards arent gonna be 6-0 in the division this season 
i love my penguin pajamas 
yum yum yum 
too much beer to finish my test program ..... will have to finish it in class XD 
YAY to < PROPFEMALE > , thanks for the pics =) 
giants lookin good tonight for their playoff push 
i am out of clean penguin pajamas :( need more than 3 pairs ......... 
up too early ... damn you work !!!! 
ug .... 
slept in today ....... for once 
just loves smelling like sweat and garbage after work 
sometimes i wish i was a leprechaun 
bored 
i feel so bad for the girl squirrel in disney's the sword in the stone 
i wonder why no one ever told me i look like < PROPFEMALE > duff ? 
sunday off means homework day ... yay 
damn you < PROPFIRST > farve !!!!! why did you leave your retirement home you old sob 
i found my old penguin key chain ........ yay for me 
had a whee bit to drink at and after bowling 
time to make bracelets ........ <- dork 
ug ..... 
yay bonfi ...... aw 
mmmm ... gummi bears 
why is making a friendship bracelet with stars so hard ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
one bracelet down , 4 to go ... this week is gonna suck 
2 down 
4 down , 2 to go 
no work for me today 
twilight rifftrax XD ; it's gonna be amazing !!!! 
so , i saw actually watched twilight toady ... and i have to say , what the hell is wrong with all the girls who love it .... it was so stupid ! 
bowlingbowlingbowlingbowling 
cs + stats back on = no life for < PROPFIRST > 
do you know what i am saying ? 
snarf ! 
bowling soon , gotta beat < PROPMALE > this week after last weeks failure 
i give up 
so happy =D 
two steps forward , two steps back ....... going nowhere and sick of the scenery 
i love waking up to donuts 
plans for the weekend ...... friday- study at the library saturday- study at the library sunday- study at the library a life full of variety 
why is HOMEwork impossible to do at home ????? 
i hate being sick 
yay for zombieland ! 
i am tired of being sick dammit ! 
i can never bowl well on the third game dammit , lanes dry up too much for my ball 
me so hungy 
i am so confused !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
it's not uncharted , you lost the chart ! 
rank 50 to rank 5 in a week , god i am a nerd 
do you believe in love at first sight , or at the very least stalking someone ' til they panic and give it up ? 
i want to go to there 
i want to watch < PROPFEMALE > wars , but with the audio track re-record with < PROPFIRST > Walken saying everyone's lines ( even R2's and Chewie's ) 
i love potatoes and carrots 
wowie wow , these waffles .. are blowin ' my mind 
walkin ' the plank 
counting sheep .... um , what comes after 10 again ? 
all hail the hypnotoad ! 
i drank so much that i won a calender 
< PROPFIRST > lajoie is pretty funny 
oh my god , i dont have a job ! 
POUND CAKE FOR CAKE DAY !!!!!! 
i'll bring the beards 
oh noes , i is working on cake day 
oh my god ... it's VD 
oh noes ..... my cupcakes !!!! 
Waaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh ....... A boo boo boo boo boo 
i am proud to say i now understand everything after a marathon of \Clarissa explains it all \"" 
