thinks Monday is coming too soon ! Still can't find my cell phone and we had to stop way short of our destination because of blowing snow ( didn't want to be just another car off the side of the road ) . Looking forward to seeing Peace Puppy tomorrow .... 

It's an \All Geology Marathon\ " day . Only 2 more evil units to go !!! Why did I think this would be easy ? " 
Studied all night ( only 1 evil unit to go ) , now off to the doctor with 2 sickies . 
is DONE with geology units , YEAH !!!! So , in the next 48 hours I just need to : study for the geology midterm , get my hair cut , clean the house , go to a job fair , pick my mom up at the airport , and take the geology test on Friday morning . YIKES ! \Sure mo " 
had my first day of \teacher training\ " today . I'm exhausted . Afterward they sent me on an interview ..... not sure why . Can anyone really picture me teaching kindergarten ? " 
is off to study for the evil geology midterm ( yup , I already finished the classwork , but haven't taken the tests) ! 
Please send up some positive thoughts that I am going to be offered a position . The HR people at school headquarters seem to think an offer is coming my way for a school I really liked ! Might not know for sure until Tuesday . 
is feeling stupid ! Just sent a reply to a message from a new friend I'm working with . Didn't realize he had posted it to the work list-serv . UGH ! 
starting my practice teaching in the a.m. First day of summer school .... 5th grade reading . Hmmm ... wonder what we're reading . 
my weekend has started ! YEAH !!! 
had an awesome family day today . Nothing < PROPMALE > , but just lots of fun having all 4 of us together and no specific demands on our time . 
Needs some big time positive thoughts this a.m. Taking my geology final , finally ! Can't wait to have this over with . I hate essay tests !!! 
TGIO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank God it's OVER !!!! No more geology . Here's hoping I at least got a D on it . 
.... thankful that this long week is over ! Heading home to spend some time with my kids !!! 
is working on my last 2 lesson plans for summer school . Hopefully my observation tomorrow will go better than the last 2 . Wish the topic wasn't a snoozer !!! 
Nasty storm just hit . Waiting to see what happens first : losing our power or the kids waking up !!! 
Just got my final back on geology ..... I PASSED !!! Just 1 more assignment and I'm done with my summer teacher training . 
Blueberry pancakes ... yummy ! < PROPMALE > must have thought so . He 5 for breakfast and just finished off 5 more for a \nack \"!" 
Day off , no place I have to be . So , why does it feel like I have 100 things to do and am already running behind ? 
Sitting here ( an hour plus later ) waiting for my < PROPFEMALE > to fall asleep , and super bummed that my favorite game ( Bejeweled Blitz ) is currently offline . 
is looking forward to a short vacation in VA , courtesy of a good friend . 
Rough day for the hubby ..... first he gets his foot casted again ( and told he probably won't be driving for the next 3-4 months ) , then he had a tooth pulled . Poor guy can't catch a break ! 
is cleaning out the deep freeze . Can I just say \yuck \"!" 
Just back from the water park . Our little man gave us the scare of our life , running away and gone almost 15 minutes .... he climbed to the top of a tower and rode down a big water slide by himself . I was not amused ! 
Wonderful playdate with N's classmates this morning ! They all played so nicely , and no tears .... from anyone !!! 
Trying to motivate myself to clean the kitchen ..... 
Nice day , but gosh , I wish these kids would fall asleep !!! 
should not have been up this late !!! I start orientation at my new school in the a.m. 
Why won't these kids sleep ????? 
Tomorrow is my first day as a 4th grade teacher !!! And yup , today I'm writing lesson plans and trying to choreagraph the whole day . Should be interesting ............ 
I survived !!! 
UGH ! Is it Friday yet ?????? 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is loving my morning with MY kids ! MUCH better than my day yesterday with my students . 
had an awesome day with the fam . Might even upload pics later ! 
is doubtful when her almost-3 year old says \I sleeping mommy ! \"" 
is thinking \I NEED CHOCOLATE !!! \"" 
says .... as if the day wasn't bad enough .............. N just stepped on my laptop and cracked the display ! Should be fun finishing lesson plans tonight ! ( and don't even ask about the water heater ) . 
is up late doing lesson plans ...... again . Oh well , TGIF !!! 
When will lesson plans get easier ???? 
is totally tired ! Averaging 4 hours of sleep a night , for long periods of time .... probably not a great idea ! 
is borrowing this from a friend's status . Natural Child : Any child who is not artificial . Real Parent : Any parent who is not imaginary . Your Own Child : Any child who is not someone else's child . Adopted Child : A natural child , with a real parent , who is all my own . 
says \the patient is making process \"." 
is listening to my kids play nicely together with a couple of balloons . That should last about 5 minutes .......... 
loves \open gym\ " on Saturday evenings ! The kids had a great time with a friend and then followed up with a 4 < PROPFIRST > shake at Sams Club . Best part .... they were asleep within about 15 minutes of arriving home . Woohoo ! " 
How can my baby be 3 already !?!?!?! I'm planning on enjoying these few weeks while we have 2 two-year-olds . 
is exhausted ! Tomorrow is my first field trip ( with my class ) . Should be ..... interesting . 
thinks today was the first day that I wondered whether it is all worth it . 
My little man turned 4 today . How the heck did that happen sooooo fast ?!?!?!?! 
Sounds like it is going to be a L-O-N-G night . Just starting my lesson planning , N is has a hacking cough , T has a big event tomorrow . UGH !!! 
It only took 4 years , but my little boy now falls asleep on his own !!! But , sheesh , will that little < PROPFEMALE > drives me crazy with her talking at bedtime . 
is looking forward to celebrating \Almost Thanksgiving\ " tonight with my bro and his family ! " 
is giving thanks today for my wonderful children and their fabulous father ! 
is sick and tired .... literally . Wishing I could just go to bed !!! 
is enjoying a < PROPFEMALE > morning at home with the family and trying to motivate myself to get us ready to go see < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon . 
says pics with < PROPFEMALE > will have to wait till next week . 
is trying to function on less than 2 hours of sleep , and still has LOTS to get done tonight . UGH ! 
is looking forward to the end of this evil week ! 
wonders what you would do if your 4 year old \found\ " his Christmas presents ......... " 
is pondering the fact that 4 years ago , I was preparing to get on a plane to Guatemala for the first time .... knowing that I had NO idea when I would be returning . I was incredibly excited , anxious , nervous , and overwhelmed with the thought that I would soon be holding my son for the first time . I am sooo blessed to be his mother . Honestly , I still have days when I'd like to run away and go back to Antigua ! 
Hmmmm ..... only 2 hours of teaching tomorrow . Too bad it won't be that way all next week ! 
is exhausted from shoveling , shoveling , shoveling . 
should not have looked at the county website . According to the county , we can expect to have our street \passable\ " 3-4 DAYS AFTER the END of a snowstorm with 14 or more inches ! YIKES !!! " 
Soooo ... excited that school is closed tomorrow !!! Maybe I can pretend it is Saturday and get all of the things done I was supposed to do then ..... if our street gets plowed . 
Enjoying another Snow Day ! I soooo don't want to go to school tomorrow . This has been the best long weekend ever !!! 
Is feeling so mauch calmer about life . Amazing what 3 snow days , right before Christmas , can do for you !! 
Today's agenda : washing and packing , putting up the stockings , working my other job and lunch with my wonderful husband . Ahhh .... another snow day . What a beautiful thing ! 
Getting ready to head out to Kohls ......... hopefully , the last showing adventure for the season ! 
is hoping that the little ones don't think they are getting up before 6 or 7 ! Hoping that the gate at their doorway might be a clue that they shouldn't go wandering tonight . 
is wondering WHY I thought a 1000 piece Lego set would be perfect for my son ?!?!?!?! Well , he seems to think it is wonderful ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas from our home to yours ! 
had an awesome parking spot for the early fireworks . Watching the kids faces light up and cheer as their favorite colors exploded in the sky really made for a wonderful ending to 2010 . 
note to the teenagers across the street who are still blowing off fireworks : wake my kids up and they are heading over to your house !!! Happy New Year everyone ! 
Home , sweet home ! Not looking forward to tomorrow , but pretty excited to realize only 10 more work days till we get a day off . YEAH ! 
is loving her 4 y . o . ' s logic .... if he doesn't go to bed tonight , then tomorrow can't come and mom won't have to go to work . Wish it was that easy !!! 
wishes lesson plans would write themselves !!! 
is playing accountant today . Hopefully , I can get everything done for the business , so we can get biz and personal taxes done very soon . Financial aid apps come due quickly ...... 
.... another sickie in the house , and the < PROPFEMALE > probably isn't far behind . UGH ! 
another one bites the dust ! It's official , I'm the only one in the house who isn't sick .... yet . 
mommies don't get sick , mommies don't get sick , mommies don't get sick .... right ? 
is thinking there must be easier ways to lose weight ! Mommies do get sick ........ 
is trying to get her act together for another week of school . Thankfully , only 4 days this week . 
is thankful for good friends ! 
and Cia received a really cool invitation ..... now to see if we can figure out how to do it !!! 
How many more days till summer vacation ? I'm thinking a book , a beach and a \beverage\ " sounds pretty good to me today . " 
is NOT impressed with the new BejeweledBlitz . Bring back one that works please ! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Is enjoying seeing the snow fall . We're only expecting 1-3 inches , so no worries here . 
should be entering grades .... but it is so much more fun to play dinosaurs ! 
the driveway never looks as long as it does as when you are standing at one end with a snow shovel !!! 
: paying bills , grading , and writing lesson plans . Hmmm .... for fun I think I'll throw in some more snow shoveling :) 
ok , I got my remote access working finally . But , i can't find SMS to do report cards . Any BCPSS employs out there that can help me ???? 
Hmmm .... some districts have already posted 2 hour delayed openings for tomorrow . Wonder if we will get to sleep in a little ? 
Hmmmm ..... couldn't that snow start just a little bit earlier ?!?!?! 
is praying we don't lose power !!! So far , not looking good . We've already had the lights flicker 3 times . According to the county , they don't have to plow our street until 4 days after the snow stops . Pretty sure in this weather we won't be the electric company's highest priority either !!!! 
is thankful for a good excuse to enjoy my family and not get much else done today ! We have about 2 feet of snow on the ground and it is still coming down . Still have power . Definitely won't be going anywhere for a few days . Life is good ! 
hmmm .... some of the school districts have already closed for tomorrow . What do you think the chances are that the City will announce before tomorrow morning ? 
is hoping that a plow might come thru today ..... so we can bring in more supplies for TOMORROW's snowstorm ! 
says God Bless the neighbor ( from 4 blocks away ) for coming and plowing our dead end street . County said they wouldn't be here until Wednesday . 
Not sure exactly why FB this this new format is \simple \"......" 
is apparently off work until NEXT TUESDAY !!! 
really doesn't want to go back out and play in the snow ! Anyone want to come make snow angels with my kids ???? Building an igloo would be ok , too . 
is definitely getting cabin fever ! The excitement of my day is going to be heading to the office to work on an AV quote and taxes ..... 
Yup ! Definitely chicken pox ..... twice as many today . Was it bad that we went out to a restaurant for lunch ? 
Oh yah ..... 2 for 2 with the pox . Thinking that maybe the little playmate who had a \strange virus\ " a couple of weeks ago where the \ " only symptom was a rash\ " had 2 moms who didn't recognize chicken pox ! " 
can't sleep . Can't get out of my head all of the strategies I wish my students had used on yesterdays tests ! 
loves it when my munchkins fall asleep quickly at night ! 
Please , please , please ... no more SNOW ! My students need to be in school ! 
is sure hoping that this coming week is much more productive than the last one !!! 
is praying that my students have the ability today to really take their time , read slowly and answer ALL of the questions correctly on their MSA tests . 
hates rainy days !!! 
is off to D.C. with my tots to visit a friend visiting from Chicago and The National Musuem of the American Indian . 
actually had a pretty good day at school .... even with some extra students . Here's hoping they all arrive in the morning ready to make us all look good ! 
is listening to this conversation between my kids , as I sit waiting for them to fall asleep ( which should have been an hour ago ) Mom : Go to sleep C . C : I don't love my mommy . I only love my daddy . N : What about big bwudder ? C : I love my daddy and my big bwudder , not my mommy . N : Mommy , just ignore C . 
I believe that access to affordable healthcare should be a basic right in our nation . I believe that our healthcare system has been broken for a long time . I believe that too many Americans don't realize that they are already paying huge costs , in many ways , for those who don't have insurance and access to care . 
is thinking it might be nice to spend a few weeks in Chicago this summer ! 
is soooo tired that I think I could sleep for a week ! 
is liking this inflight Wi-Fi concept !!! 
is having fun in Atlanta . Some work , some play . Learned a bunch of new WOW science experiments . 
is wishing friends and family a Happy Easter . The < PROPFEMALE > was pretty darn good to the kids . 
is not excited about being back in school . Oh well , looks like it might be a nice day for recess :) 
.... not enough hours in the day ( or night ) . YIKES ! 
was reminded tonight that 4 years ago at this time N and I were waiting for the last minute details to wrap up so that we could come \HOME\ " from Guatemala . 3 years ago we were \ " waiting for PINK\ " to bring C home . Why do these memories still make me tear up ? I've got Guatemala in my heart & head tonight ! " 
thinks that 5:15 is entirely too early for children to be up on a Saturday morning when we have no plans ! Good news : they stayed in their room and played flashlight tag . Bad news : my < PROPFEMALE > has no problem solving skills and screams \Mommy\ " every time her brother does something she doesn't like . " 
off to meet the Michaud's :) 
is bummed my little man is sick again . Allergies have turned to sinus infection and conjunctivitis . 102 fever tonight . He'll be missing another day or 2 of school this week ... 
is remembering 3 years ago today , a very * interesting * adventure . We brought C HOME from Guatemala and almost missed our connecting flight , had airport security people that were less than helpful to the family traveling with a 7 mos old and an 18 mos old , barely got to our seats , and then had a baby barf on the tie of the gentleman who thought he had \lucked out\ " and gotten an aisle seat on full plane . " 
has spent the day on the couch ( and in the bathroom ) . Trying to be the best mom I can , given that I'm sick and home alone with the kids . 
got up early , feeling rotten , but convinced myself to try to make it through the day . Drove all the way to school ( 45 minutes ) and after about 30 minutes of working to get ready for the day realized there was NO WAY I'd be able to survive . But , I did get to remember why I like my doc so much . She's great ! 
is so excited to be heading off to the GUAPO picnic today ! Nothing quite like the feeling you get when you are among lots of beautiful children and families that look like ours . 
is planning on enjoying my day , wishing I could be spending it in Chicago with my mom , and sending up prayers and positive thoughts for two very special women . 
had an awesome experience this afternoon . Stopped at our neighborhood park for the kids to play . Met a large group of young soccer players and their families . Was \gifted\ " with enough Salvadorean grilled meats and sides to take home for tonight's dinner ! I only wish that this group was based closer to where we live . They were all so nice ! And the food ... incredible !!!! " 
usually hates it when someone thinks I am the \Gramma\ " . But tonight the kids are pretending they are mommy and daddy to their animals ..... and I'm smiling ! " 
hates it when the kids are in bed before I get home ! 
is remembering why I keep putting off washing the princesa's car seat . YUCK !!! I need to get the power washer out to spray out the crevices . 
is worried about < PROPFEMALE > Peace Puppy . < PROPMALE > has her at the ER . We're hoping it is * only * a torn off toe nail , but worried her cancer could be back . 
is looking forward to the next couple of weeks flying by very quickly !!! 
says EVERYONE at our house is excited that Daddy will finally be home tonight ! Looking forward to escaping for some \me time\ " tomorrow ..... " 
had the most awesome day just being a mom ! Preschool end-of-year picnic was tons of fun and then my little man joined me in running errands . So normal , and yet it feels like forever since I've been able to really enjoy such a simple pleasure . Is it summer break yet ?!?!?!? 
Boys Trip - Day 3 and they have safely arrived in Iowa . Sounds like they are having a good time at the party ..... wish Cia ( who has now been sleeping for 2 hours and will probably be up all night ) and I could have been there ! 
Highs and lows shouldn't come all at the same time . Happy that I survived my 1st year ( YEAH ! ) teaching , but my heart is breaking for my beloved Peace Puppy .... 3+ hours at the vet tonight and the prognosis isn't looking good . 
Crazy , crazy ..... fun to see some teacher friends I haven't seen in a while today . < PROPMALE>'s on his way back to < PROPFEMALE > . N is at Gramma's in Chicago ( with no mommy or daddy there ) . Still not sure what the plan will be for Peace , but in the interim , we will try to keep her as pain-free as possible . C and I leave in 2 days . YIKES ! 
Arghh !!! Almost 9:30 and this kid is still awake . GO TO SLEEP C ! 
Ooops ! What was I thinking when I scheduled a flight for me and C that means we have to leave here at 6 am ???? Hope the kid and the dog both cooperate ! 
is hanging at my mom's house with the kids . Looks like a rainy day , but we will find a way to explore Chicago anyhow . 
enjoying \Sweet Home Chicago\ " ..... but we probably could have done without that nasty storm ! " 
enjoyed 2 movies today !!! Toy Story 3 with the fam and Letters to < PROPFEMALE > with my mom . Loved both , but fear that was my movie quota for the year . Hope those of you heading out to Eclipse have fun tonight ! 
lions and tigers and bears .... OH MY ! Had a great day at the zoo with family and some good friends . Hopefully I'll receive some emails with good pics ! 
is having an awesome time visiting family in Detroit ! Fantastic fireworks last night and today our kiddos turned into fish ! I think we can * almost * say that N is really swimming !!! 
Home Sweet Home !!! N is sleeping in his own bed for the 1st time in almost a month . Tomorrow we will pick up the dog and the whole family will be back together . YEAH !!! 
is dreading bedtime . Hoping it takes less time than I expect . 
C ( looking at my tshirt ): Mami , why Micky , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Dasy and Goofy at the beach but there is no sand or water ? \ 
Me : because it is a tshirt\ 
C : No , I know ... it is because you are dirt . \ 
( sure hope she meant because the shirt is grey ! ) 
went to the National Museum of Natural History today and got \sat on \"." 
' s conversation tonight with N . \ 
N : You's a good mama . \ 
Me : Really ? I'm not so sure . I don't seem to be helping you to meet your goal of getting Buzz Lightyear . ( We have a little incentive project going . )\ 
N : Awwww , mama . You don't worry . It's not your fault . It's just something I have to do myself . 
just checked my PRAXIS test scores ..... YEAH !!!!! Almost done jumping through hoops for my certification ! 
N : Mami , I'm tired of riding in the car so much . \ 
Me : Me too < PROPMALE > , me too ! \ 
Arrived safely in < PROPMALE > Head .... looking forward to sitting at the pool and hanging out ! 
is baking a lemonade cake with her son . He doesn't want to go to the beach or have fun without daddy ( who flew home for a meeting ... back tonight ) . Thank goodness for great friends , who took little sister to the pool ! 
had an awesome & full day at the pool ..... but I miss being able to sit there and just read . The kids have me exhausted .... hopefully they are just as tired and will fall asleep quickly so that the adults can go out to dinner . 
enjoyed our last evening in < PROPMALE > Head . Great food , great friends and children who behaved during a meal in a restaurant .... what more could I ask for ! :) 
is home . We had a great time , but OMG .... did it have to be so hot today ? 107 at one of our gas stops . And , not only does travelling with kids seem to double the time , but I had to keep wondering who all the crazy people were that seemed to want to cause accidents on I-95 ! So glad to be home for the rest of the summer !!! 
thinks it might be time to start working on all of the things that I told myself I would do to be better prepared for the new school year .............. 
thinks 27 is way too young for someone to die . As I always tell my students , 2 wrongs don't make a right . Praying for Coach , his family , and the kids ..... 
R.I.P. Coach . You might have thought of yourself as a tiger , but I'll always remember you as a big ' ole < PROPMALE > bear . 
loves to hear N say to C : \you the best little sister in the whole world ! \"" 
bought new backpacks and lunchkits for the kids today for the new school year . Definitely need to take a pic of C ..... her backpack looks like it is as big as she is !!! 
has a son that is obsessed with death ! We've had tears multiple times tonight about his dog , Mo , that went to heaven ( when he was 11mos old ) and tears about the fact that some day daddy will die and go to heaven , and Peace is going to die and go to heaven , some day everyone will die .............. Wishing I could change this topic of conversation ! 
is not happy to see summer slowly coming to an end , but IS getting a bit excited about planning for fall . 
is off to Southern < PROPFEMALE > with the kids for a chalk-a-thon and visit to a light house ! Hopefully we will get some good pics of the kids , although C dressed herself today , so she's looking a < PROPMALE > * special * . 
had an awesome day with the family ! Picnicked in the < PROPMALE > , hunted for < PROPFEMALE > houses , < PROPFIRST > on the sidewalk with chalk , climbed to the top of a lighthouse , and counted jellyfish . Can't think of a better way to spend a < PROPFEMALE > day !!! Tomorrow we are off to Port Discovery and will probably take the water taxi to Fells Point . 
is enjoying what is probably the last \jammie day\ " of the summer . Our schedule is getting totally crazy from now till Labor Day ! " 
rain rain go away , you just screwed up a pool day !!! 
OK ...... went to register for PD , and the system says I'm not listed as an employee .... WHAT ???? Here's hoping that the whole darn thing is down , and it isn't just me ! 
YIKES ! Just pulled a tick off my leg . Sometimes I really hate living in the < PROPMALE > !!! 
is off to get my hair chopped ( again ) and then off to work on my classroom . Bye , bye summer :( 
had an awesome lunch at [ Pollo ] Campero's today ! Then went to a Guatemalan Bakery and bought up some fresh sweet breads .... YUMMY !!! 
is off to put together another Graco Nautilus .... the Britax Marathon in our sitter's car might technically go up to 65 lbs , but at only 46 lbs , N is tooooo tall for it . 
is thinking that our sitter might be taking her revenge on us , for getting home late , by allowing C to sleep late in the afternoon . Put her in bed an hour ago and she is still not asleep !!! 
is thinking of signing my class up for a postcard exchange . Anyone ever do that ? Suggestions ? Wondering if my facebook friends might consider sending postcards to my class from your area/school , too ? 
had a fun evening playdate with C's new classmates . Love the diversity of the families .... really great !!! 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . ;) 
ready or not ..... \It's showtime !!! \"" 
wonders why it is that my son always wants to play with the kids who have problems behaving .............. 
is a lame mom . I apparently don't know the routines . Arrived at school a little too early ( hey , it's better than late ) . Let's hope I don't mess up on \carline\ " this afternoon . Praying our sitter is feeling all better tomorrow ! " 
loves family day ! Off to the library , dog wash , car wash and then to the park ...... 
had a wonderful day ! Quiet Waters Park is celebrating its 20th Bday , and the celebration all sorts of family fun ... including a \touch a truck\ " event . I'm hoping the pics of C's first sack race turned out ... sack was bigger than her ! " 
hates the movie \Stuart Little \"." 
needs another day on this long weekend to accomplish all of our goals ! 
is writing lesson plans ............................. 
had a great day with my princess ..... but not really enjoying cleaning up after the puking pooch tonight . 
is thinking that bed before midnight sounds like a really good idea tonight ! 
is trying to crank on lesson plans so I can go chow down on steamed crabs tonight ! 
wondering if any of my BCPSS friends have access to DataLink from home yet . I can never tell if my inability to access things is \normal\ " or if it is just because I am so special . :p " 
thinks this is too good to be true - both kids asleep by 7:30 tonight !!! 
if any of my LB friends subscribe to the Baltimore Sun , could you start collecting a few copies for me for our upcoming lessons on newspapers . I'm thinking my students will proably relate to that better than the Washington Post . I am planning on bringing in my Annapolis Crapitol's for some proof reading exercises . 
thinks it must be a good dream that Peace is having . Her tail is even wagging !! 
Count every ' F ' in the following text : \ 
FINISHED FILES ARE THE RE\ 
SULT OF YEARS OF SCIENTIFIC \ 
STUDY COMBINED WITH\ 
THE EXPERIENCE OF YEARS 
anyone up for HH on Friday ? 
1 ear infection + 1 sinus infection = 2 urgent care copays and 2 prescriptions . Not a lot of hope for tonight , but hopefully kids will be sleeping better soon ! 
is soooo excited to have a new nephew ! 
just said good night to her 3 year old for the last time . Tomorrow my baby turns 4 ! How the heck did time fly so fast ?!?!?!?!?! 
now has two 4-year olds !!! 
enjoyed celebrating C's bday by hanging out at Six Flags . Totally exhaused , but worth the beautiful smiles on her face ! Sadly , the camera batteries died early in the day ....... 
is so tired I can't function . As soon as my younger 4 y.o. goes to sleep , I think I'll be heading that way too ..... 
almost noon and no one here is dressed and no one has really accomplished anything yet today . Gotta love jammy days ! 
is trying to finish lesson plans , but is extremely distracted by the incredible smell of dinner . Here's hoping our crockpot dinner tastes as good as it smells !!! 
has a little boy who is STILL sick ! 12 days and 2 antibiotics ( and about 4 other meds ) later , he still has a horrible hacking cough , black circles under his eyes , huge tonsils and a fever . Looks like he'll be missing a 6th day of school ! 
big brother went to school today for the first time in almost 2 weeks . But , little sister's fever is 103 tonight .... guessing she won't be going to school in the a.m. ! 
is tired of having sick kids !!! Tonight's trip to urgent care .... Pinkeye for C . Should we take bets on who in the family gets it next ? 
holy s# @t . Not sure what just exploded outside . Somehow after the flashing was done we still have power . Going to check for a fire in the < PROPMALE > ! 
is wondering what is up with traffic tonight ? Took me an extra 45 minutes to get home ... missed most of < PROPFEMALE > Tales with Friends at N and C's school :( 
is down for the count today .... trying to figure out how to get thru this illness by Monday when the rest of the fam has taken weeks to feel better . Benchmarks and my formal observation this week ..... sick is NOT in my lesson plan !!! 
is already tired of this coughing , sore throat , etc . Thinking a visit to the doc might be a good idea .... guessing it came with an ear infection , too . No wonder the whole family has been so miserable for the last couple of weeks . This sucks !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Adopting one child won't change the world , but it WILL change the world for that one child . November is National Adoption Awareness Month . For me , this month is a time to remember that there are so many children in the world in need of families . AND so many parents ( biological , adoptive and PAP ) who struggle to make the \right\ " choices for their children and their families . " 
5 years ago today an incredible baby boy was born . I am so blessed to be his mom ! Happy Birthday N !!! 
is soooooooo tired of being sick ! This thing just keeps kicking me down . My eyes are so sensitive I need sunglasses in the house . My poor babies obviously didn't have the vocabulary to tell me how horrible they felt . 
just wants to be able to fall asleep without choking/coughing/gagging . I'm tired of being sick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has been home all week and accomplished nothing . I hate this feeling ! 
is so incredibly exhausted . So happy to have today over , but already needing to revise plans for the week . I think it is going to be a long one ! 
heading to bed and planning on getting up REAL early . Can't keep my eyes open . This \thing\ " is still wiping me out !!!!!!!!! " 
is looking forward to having only half a class of 5th graders tomorrow ! ( Should I really be saying that already , after only 3 days ?!?!?! ) 
UGH !!! 5th doctor's visit for C in less than a month .... and she hasn't even done her 4 y.o. well child yet . Another ear infection and conjunctivitis . This is getting sooooo old ! 
wants to know if anyone is up for HH on Friday at Ashleys ? I could use something fun to look forward to ...................... 
so exhausted I can't even function . So tired of being sick ! Heading to bed to get up really early and get done some of the many things I need to do . 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired !!! Why the heck am I still wheezing ????????? 
is exhausted , just a few more things to do to prepare for my observation . Hoping to get my beauty rest tonight ! 
is wondering if there is some kind of stomach flu going around school ? Not sure why ... could just be the 90 temps in the classroom , or the * fun * ( choke , choke ) 5th graders , but I have been feeling sick to my stomach all day . Looking forward to a few days of sleep ! 
is heading off to bed . Can't function anymore today . Hoping for a better day tomorrow . 
is thankful that I finally got to meet my newest great-nephew today . < PROPMALE > is adorable , and really cuddly ! 
is trying to practice < PROPFEMALE > . Two little ones NEED a nap .... mommy , too ! 
is feeling her stress level rise already .... trying to do some lesson planning for my 5th graders for next week . 
yet another ear infection for C ..... we'll be off to the ENT for tubes as soon as we can get an appointment ! 
hates that Loyola University of Chicago always seems to call when I am trying to get the kids to bed . That does NOT bode well for their fundraising .... at least from me ! 
LB friends ..... anyone happen to have a surplus of corks floating around your home ? Trying to plan some \magic\ " for the 5th graders ...... ( hoping they can handle a plastic cup and water . ) " 
is thinking of my sister today . Hoping she'll come to visit over the holidays ! 
is it Dec 24th yet ? 
is hoping to survive her day with a little sanity ! 
is sooooo tired of sick kids ! Hoping they are healthy enough to go to the ENT tomorrow ! 
5 years ago today I held my baby boy for the first time . Hard to believe that the little man who was less than 12 lbs then is now 45 lbs and more than 4 feet tall !!! Time flies way to fast ! 
didn't quite have the day we expected ..... doesn't look like tomorrow will go as planned either . 
Thank you , thank you , thank you for all the birthday wishes ! We had a lovely , quiet family day . Hoping tomorrow will bring more healing for my hubby and that the kids aren't really getting sick .... again . 
is heading to bed before 10 .... guess that means I need to be up before 5 ...... 
well ... the children are nestled in their beds , but it doesn't sound like the sugarplums are dancing yet ........ 
just enjoyed awesome Guatemalan-style tamales . Yum , yum , yum !!! 
is thrilled that the kids slept till almost 8 ..... definitely a first . Too bad the dog was up at 4 and 7 . 
not looking like a < PROPMALE > snowstorm here .... we have a dusting and nothing coming down :( 
is working my second job ( 1st time in months ) and found that elves have come and cleaned my office and done some of the work . Only a few corrections needed , so hopefully I can close up the year in 2 days . 
is remembering why I don't work as an accountant full time ..... boring !!! 
UGH ! More antibiotics at our house . Time for another round of tubes for C . N will probably be having tonsils and adenoids removed ...... never a dull day ! 
is playing accountant once again . Hoping to be done for the year today , so tomorrow can be tamale day ! 
has been trying to figure out how to fit EVERYTHING into my science classes before MSA .... but , since that's not working so great , I think I'll go < PROPFEMALE > out with the kids and catch the \early-bird fireworks \"!" 
wonders if it is wrong to hope for a bit more snow than projected .... would love a late start !!! 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , being a pain , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ? 
taught my students today why it is so important to listen for the temperature during weather reports ...... 32 or lower , please . 
would really prefer a \White Wednesday\ " to a \ " Green Wednesday\ " tomorrow ..... " 
Yeah for 2 hour delay !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LB friends ..... anyone have a \hot plate\ " I could borrow for a demonstration on Tuesday ???? " 
\I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin 
the freezing rain has started in Annapolis ..... wondering what the morning will bring . 
loves that my < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ss slept till 7:45 .... that's a miracle ! 
just helped the < PROPFEMALE > make 2 necklaces ( I tie the ends , she strings the beads ) . Should I be jealous that she made the second one for our sitter ??? 
needs a certain 4 y.o. to GO TO SLEEP so that I can have a date with the nebulizer . Praying that I am not going to be sick again like I was in November ! 
was hoping for a 2 hour delay . :( 
I don't have time to be sick .... this cough needs to go away !!!!!!! 
is trying to finish getting all the grades online . Hoping it doesn't take all night . 
headed to bed . No students tomorrow , so I set my alarm for an extra 45 < PROPFEMALE > of sleep . 
has 2 kids with angry looking tonsils .... YIKES , they better not cancel surgery on Friday !!! Gotta get the antbiotics started ASAP ! 
please , please , please let it be a snow day . been up all night with 2 sick kids ...... 
thinks this is looking like it could be shaping up into an interesting week . 2 PD days , possibly 2 snow days and 1 vacation day . Hmmm ..... 
accomplished nothing so far today ..... but did get a nap . That was a wonderful treat !!! Here's hoping for another nap tomorrow . 
Snow Day 2 !!! 
thinks our plan for both kids to have surgery on the same day is going to flop . I'm betting N is too sick and they will cancel him tomorrow . Damn tonsils and adenoids !!! Going ahead with C .... 
is thinking about dinner ..... sesame < PROPFEMALE > salmon , brocolli , noodles , and fruit ... some of the kids favorites ! 
come on BCPSS ... everyone else is closed or 2 hours late .... what ' cha gonna do ? 
well ... to our surprise , they went ahead with surgery . N has 2 fewer tonsils and is home resting uncomfortably ( as expected ) . C should be home with daddy soon ... 
so LB friends ...... do you suppose that we will have PD tomorrow , or not ? 
let's just say that some children come out of anesthesia better than others ....... 
heading to bed to get a few minutes before kids are up ......... 
is not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow . Kids still aren't doing great . Fevers and coughing all around . 
C : Mama , N hurt my feelings . \ 
N : Mama , C is whiny . 
come on BCPSS ..... 2 hour delay please ! 
has 2 wonderful kids that both went to sleep in less than 10 minutes last night and both woke up this morning very happy . What a wonderful thing !!! 
is trying to decide whether to work on lesson plans , taxes or financial aid forms . Totally exhausted and the sore throat isn't getting better . Maybe I'll just go to bed early ! 
has a totally fried brain after spending almost 8 hours in a science PD . I feel like I sat thru an 8 hr graduate seminar ! 
is exhausted . Off to bed now , then up super early ! 
enjoyed a fun evening out with my family . Weather was bee-ooo-tiful ! Good dinner , new shoes for everyone ( except dad ) , and then < PROPFEMALE > gazing . Is it really February ???? 
another beautiful day .... 60 degrees here in Annapolis ..... but OMG , this wind is UNREAL !!! 
big excitement for the day was that my little man wrote his whole name for the first time !!!!! Amazing what he has been able to accomplish with a few visits to the OT ! 
thinks it is going to be a long night . The < PROPFEMALE > has been sleeping for 2.5 hours and it is only 1 hour till her normal bedtime . Guessing she will be up half the night ! 
learned last week that if you have 23 or more people in a room , chances are that at least 2 people will share a birthday ( according to the pop-ups on the screen at the < PROPFEMALE > Science Center ) . Statistics didn't sound right to me , but 3 of my FB friends are celebrating today , so , who knows ! 
is praying that < PROPMALE>'s flight arrives before the bad weather ..... worst case would be him stuck in < PROPMALE > and me having to get to school on time . I love our sitter , but arriving on time in the morning isn't her greatest strength . We generally overlook that , since she is so fantastic at everything else ( and < PROPMALE > can usually flex his schedule some ) . 
well , Southwest's online flight status checker is showing that < PROPMALE>'s flight is FINALLY in the air ... hopefully , they will be able to land when they get here at midnight ! 
note to BCPSS : Could you please just announce tonight that the schools are going to be closed tomorrow so that I don't have to get up and ready at 5 am ............ 
is going back to bed . YEAH !!!!!!!!!! 
is praying my babies stay little for a long time ....... I'm not real fond of pre-adolescents today . 
just got head-butted by my 5 y . o ...... won't be surprised if I have a black eye in the morning ! 
it's going to be a busy weekend , but the highest priority is to make sure we successfully return the PreK class guinea pig back to school on Monday ALIVE ! 
4:15 a.m. N : Mom , I can go get Jelly Bean ? Me : No . 4:30 N : Mom , hear that Jelly Bean is awake .... I can go take her out of her cage . Me : No . 5:00 N : Mom , Jelly Bean just say \come play with me\ " . Me : No ......................... " 
thinks it will be a miracle if this poor guinea pig survives till N gets it to school tomorrow . So sorry Jelly Bean . 
is finishing up the financial aid application , lesson plans and progress reports . Such an exciting life I lead ! 
.... but there never seems to be enough time , to do the things you want to do .... 
omg ...... I'm having the most incredible Pepian for dinner . I love it when Bel does the cooking !!!! 
Went to paren t-t eacher conferences for my 2 kids before going to work this morning . Had 3 paren t-t eacher conferences for my students this afternoon ( out of my 60+ students ) . Once again I am thankful for the awesome education my kids are getting at St. < PROPFEMALE>'s and remembering that my students don't all have someone at home supporting their scholarly success . 
wishes lesson plans would write themselves ! I'd much rather be heading to the children's museum with my family . 
has two kids who are now grounded for the next 2 days .... absolutely no park , no tv ! 
mmmmm ...... tacos from the \Taco Truck\ " for dinner and Pan < PROPFEMALE > de Guatemala for our evening \ " snack\ " . My little munchkins fell right to sleep . This would definitely rank up there as being a good evening . Maybe I should top it all off by heading to bed early ( and hoping my students do the same) ! " 
seems like a great day for thinking about and remembering our Guate connections . Looking forward to meeting up with lots of families on May 14th ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST >!!!) . Happy family day to some friends . 
does anyone ever look at the stupid ads on the right side of your FB < PROPFEMALE > ? Why they heck do they keep asking me if there is a baby in my future ? Right under the million dollar apartment/condos ads that I won't be buying either . Obviously they aren't looking at my age and bank balance !!! 
should be entering grades in gradebook , but am thinking I'd rather go to sleep . Hoping some of my students are already in bed , but I doubt it . 
loves the beautiful weather , but holy cow ... I feel like I'll be pulling out the nebulizer tonight . Judging by my coughing , I'm guessing the pollen count is outrageous ! 
is looking forward to teaching some Social Studies again some day . Only 8 more science classes till MSA ............. 
had a great time last night , but is feeling her age today .......... 
is taking a 5th grade Science Practice test ............... 
BCTR friends .... anyone else still have a \waiting for review\ " status on the certification status with MSDE ???? " 
YIKE I looked fat on tv !!! 
is thankful for the awesome team I work with ......... 
is wondering if I go to bed early , could I wake up tomorrow and pretend that this crazy day never happened ? Ahhhh , the exciting life of a Baltimore City School teacher . Does it get any better than this ?!?!?!? 
Today is International Children's Book Day . . . \ 
\ 
You may have tangible wealth untold ;\ 
Caskets of jewels and coffers of gold . \ 
Richer than I you can never be -\ 
I had a mother who read to me . \ 
~ Strickland Gillilan 
is here listening to the thunder and thinking this is a much better afternoon for sleeping than for lesson plans . 
