Have a blessed new year 

Bored 
Would love 2 have a real actor , singer or even a wrestler as a friend . To many fake names . 
Xtra tired 
Feelin positive 
Relaxin 
Thinkin about breakin up with boyfriend . 
2 much on da brain need 2 relax 
Feelin a lil down 2day 
Found out who my trues were and who wasnt this week gettin rid of them all 
Mellow 
is watching \Jennifer's Body\ " on Verizon FiOS TV upset " 
upset and bored 
At peace 2day 
Havent chat with some u in a long time hit me up . 
Feeling good . Watching some tv relaxed . 
Cant deal with family anymore need 2 run away change my phone number move out of town maybe even change my name 2 Miss Smith . 
watching football yeah 
Hot & mad car broke down in the turnin < PROPFIRST > 2 hot 4 this shit glad i got help . Need nap now . 
Zen again 
In a little pain 2day i fell and hurt my knee . Wish it was my ass it would have been some cushion 4 the fall . Ouch ! 
Not happy got into it again . Tired of all the drama . 
Love this time of the year nothing but scary movies on :) 
Give me < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Miss my emails from some of my face friends 
Bored 2 death 
Go big or get lost . I love that saying . 
need some help in cafe world game need stuffed mushrooms plz . 
Happy Turkey Day . Be thankful 4 everything , everyone and everyday of ur life . 
It never fails everytime we get things goin in da right direction he fucks it up . 
Quiet day . Nothing on tv . 
Going 2 see my first MMA fight . 
My sis & her dude r da most selfish and uncaring ppl i have ever seen all they do is take never give . But what comes around goes around . Its a long fall from da top and u get 2 c all da ppl u screwed on da way down . C u when u get here til then i'll be waiting . 
Watching tv and making plans . 
Lately i've been telling ppl off and being very blunt with ppl . Sick of dumbass ppl and selfish assholes new year coming old me coming back Botches . 
Jiggle < PROPFEMALE > s jiggle < PROPFEMALE > jiggle all the way o what fun it is 2 ride ??? I never get past the ride . 
How could some1 leave a great woman and their kids . It happend 2 my sis 2day . He did it 3 days be4 xmas what a great guy using my family and leave when u dont need us . Hope < PROPFEMALE > gets ur ass . 
< PROPFEMALE > x-mas every1 and have a blessed new year . 
Little down need a pick me up or a nite out 
Not gonna deal with these selfish ppl anymore . 
Doing me ;) 
Life aint nothing but money and fuck a bitch ( Ice Cube steady mobbin ) 
Think i need 2 start preparing 4 da single life again . 
Let's Go Packers Let's Go 
Feeling Frisky 
relaxing 
Hope i dont catch a cold . Its good < PROPMALE > i will cause all da lil outbreak monkeys in my family has it . I hate colds . 
hahahahahaha :) 
Miss getting < PROPMALE > bears and roses 4 V-day 
check ur privacy settings cause fb shows ur mobile number 
I think da dude im with is a fb whore . 
lil bored nothing really good on tv . 
Sick sick sick i hate being sick 
what kind of dude would rather make some strange bitches feel good call them pretty and sex but won't say that 2 hes own girl . then block her seeing what kind of fuck ur he really is and then say she jealous its not jealousy its wanting 2 be treated better than strangers . 
Clean up listening to 2pac All eyes on me . Classic stuff . 
if u play cafe world add me 
peaceful and happy hope the day stays like this . 
I really don't get it what is it about me that make guys think they can use and mistreat me . What am i 2 nice or do i have something on my forehead . 
