Im ready for summer !! 

Luarens moving to Hawaii tomorrow . Everyone be sure to call her . Cant wait to come visit and go hit some waves at Sunset Beach . 
DID I PAY MY TAB LAST NIGHT ? HOLY HELL !!! WHAT HAPPENED ? ITS JUST LIKE IN THE HANGOVER ! HAD FUN WITH EVERYONE ....... IF I COULD ONLY REMEMBER ! 
Cant wait for the weekend !!!! Its been an awsome week , but im ready to get on the water ! 
3 - 3.5 ft at St. Augi Sun late afternoon through Monday . If you missed the surf Thurs late afternoon and Fri , you missed one hell of a swell !! IT WAS BAD ASS ! 
Ill have the other surf pics up as soon as my phone goes back to norm ! Got pushed in the pool by my sis with my phone in my pocket ! 
Gettin my ass kicked n St Augi !! Surf is 3 ft but rough as hell .... And who n the hell invited all the fat girls 2 come out ?? WTF ! 
Gone surfin .... Meeting at 530 ........ Softball game at 645 ! Later !! 
Last day of class friday ! Its been great !! 
O . K .. So i park where i allways do , hang my towel where i allways do on my mirror and paddle out for a relaxing morning surf . 45 minutes into it i notice a bum up by the cars . As im watching him he goes over and ganks my towel and gets back on his bike ! I relize by the time i paddle in and get up the rocks he will be gone . So here's to you homeless towel stealing bum ! This buds for you ! 
Softball Game at 7:00 , Meeting in 30 min .... Gonna be late ! 
We won our game 20-19 . Way to close ! 
On my way to another meeting , then down to Palatka to meet the new boss from Tampa ! 
No surf all week ... All I want for fathers day are some good waves and to chill with the kids at the Beach !!!! Is that to much to ask ? 
Toes on the nose ! Gone surfin with the boy ! 
Goin to pick up my boy and then goin to get ready for my game at 645 . 
Rained out game tonight ! See you guys at Weds game . Surf tomorrow morn ??? 
Starting back to the old schedule startin Friday .... Priceless ! Tryin to pull all-nighters tonight and tomorrow to try and adjust ..... Sucks ! 
3.5 hours of sleep , meeting at 6 tonight , then ballgame at 8 . Mitch , dont forget my jersey bro . See yall at the fields , bring your A game ! 
Happy B-DAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Off to work ... SHit its early ! 
FUckin wreck on the buckman !!!! go figure !! 
In this age of misplaced values , the package is prized beyond the contents , the cloths abouve the man , the possessions more than the possesser . In the spirit of the times , if a man has a gold idol , there is no end to the long line of worshipers who come to fall before it , and he my think they are paying homage to him ; but let him lose the money , and see what happens to the line . -James 5:3 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Batallion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S WALLS " 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my fam and friends ! Love yall ! 
