McAnus burgers , red cream , Dr. Zeus , and two very sucessful shopping trips . Today was a good day 

Just found a best buy gift card in my wallet from like three years ago . With a 95 dollar balance on it . Now I wish I could remember who gave it to me ... 
Happy Zombie Jesus day 
Just got a raise :D 
is excited about visiting < PROPMALE > saturday ! 
250k steps to date on the pokewalker 
Headed to Rochester bright and early for the track meet , then to < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > in towe 
Its snowing here at < PROPMALE > . How awesome is this ? I wish winter was still going strong at home 
Asylum just announced . Can't wait until the album is released ! 
Steps to making Ramen : 1 : Boil Water . 2 : Add noodles . 3 : Cook to desired consistency . 4 : Add flavor pouch . What did I do wrong ? Well , apparently you are supposed to OPEN the pouch before you add it to the water . Sheesh . So picky these things are . 
Disturbed concerts Aug 21st and 27th , in Chicago and Scranton respectively . Trying to go to both , that'd be amazing ! 
Its snowing at < PROPMALE > AGAIN . I need to visit more often , this is amazing 
I'm pretty sure if setting my nasal cavities on fire would make my allergies go away , I wouldn't hesitate to do so . I mean , technically it would , but I'd also most likely die in the process , so I'm in desperate need of a plan b . 
Tifached 
was dared to shave his head . Jean-Luc Picard style . Should I do it ? 
The dreaded buzz cut will begin shortly 
Apparently I'm one of the very few people on the planet that's enjoyed what he's seen of E3 so far this year . Guess I'm weird , but maybe its just because I'm an Xbox fan , but Kinect seems pretty awesome . Just wish I didn't have to work so I could actually watch it as it happened 
Baby steps I suppose 
Helped save a baby bird today . Knew it'd be worthwhile to go to work on my day off 
Just spent 2 hours stocking up my amazon wishlist full of books . Almost 2500 dollars later , I'm going to need a much better job if I want to get all these books . And bookshelves . Lots of bookshelves . 
Huh . A baby opossum moved onto my porch . Kinda hope he decides to stay , as long as he's willing to share the porch lol 
Figures . Not a month after I switch back to hdd from solid state , my drive dies . I hate computers sometimes 
< PROPMALE > Stroudt . He simply walks into Mordor . Then he lives there for seven days . 
It's September . It shouldn't be 100 degrees outside . 
Jalepeno wine = amazingly good 
Really Bungie ? If the CAMPAIGN is glitchy , I'm afraid to even try multiplayer 
Possibly getting an ' 07 Saturn Ion . Allstate wants $230 a month to insure it though , whereas Progressive , for better coverage , wants $160 . Hmmm , which do I choose ? Better step up your game , Allstate . 
Next time Gadget , next time ... 
Vaccuming and laundry . I really know how to spend my saturday nights 
Last day in West < PROPMALE > . I'm definitely done getting up at 5am for no real reason 
Ninja shots in Allentown . Aaawwwright 
Berkscolab.org\ 
If you are a serious tinkerer , or are interested in learning more about technology , take a look . For a few bucks a month , you can use the collaborative lab to try new things on your own , see other members projects , or come together as a group to explore new and exciting tech and ideas . It's cheap , fun , unique , and definitely worth a look . 
Oedipus was the first motherfucker 
Happy Turkey Day 
Its official . Made the first shemale stop of the year . Go team ! 
I don't know whether I'm more upset that these kids broke into the store and made such a mess , or that I had to come in at 2:30 this morning to clean up after them 
Much thanks for all the birthday wishes , I appreciate it 
Balls and lightning bolts ! < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
Just stopped five menonite kids for stealing almost 200 dollars of pokemon cards . I guess cow tipping got boring 
