How many impossible things have you believed today ? :) 

I stubbed my toes on an end table while walking around balancing a four foot feather on my nose ..... haha .... but seriously ... ouch ! XP 
oweee oweee owee oweeee oweeee my middle toe hurts so badddddd , it's throbbing ... and it hurts like hell when I bend it forward !!! :'( 
needs a car now more than ever ...! And also someone who trusts me enough to < PROPFEMALE > me $850 knowing I will pay them back on July 1st when I get my check so I can get into this apartment in Los Feliz without someone renting it before me ! Ask the universe ... an 
I am thinking about financing a car . It's a buyers market , but I don't want to pay more than 150 a month ideally ! I have no idea what my options are really with all the zero down , low APR's , but the 0 down usually means higher monthly & all that jazz ! I was goi 
We make a living by what we get , we make a life by what we give . ~ Winston Churchill ~ 
I wish there were a vegan < PROPFEMALE > school that also taught professional vegan cake decorating ! I would love to do both !! 
I seriously cannot even get to work or interviews for work in places outside of central LA because the public transportation system here is so CRAP ! LA is not designed for people to not have have cars ! I need to figure out how to get one soon !! :( 
I hate the heat ... and it hates me ...... someone please tell me why I am living in the desert ? XP Going to take a nap to sleep off my headache from the heat .... uh .. 
& hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; My Loveeee is coming to LA on July 23rd .... one week after my 25th Birthday !! I AM SOOOOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!!! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
I will never understand TV's that have 4+ remote controls !! As long as I have been alive ... I have tried ... and after 30 minutes , I give up trying to watch the tube and shut the damn thing off !! 
Your eyes remind me of ..... All that I knew of Love ..... 
is feeling blessed and blissed right now .. and even though I am dreaming of England literally every night ... I am feeling happy to be right here , right now , with you .... and very soon ... with my love !! 
I want to Bring Back OLD HOLLYWOOD - Hips ' n All !! 
Did I mention I got into this amazing studio ap < PROPMALE > ment in Los Feliz ???? Yayyyyy !!!! It's one of those really adorable < PROPMALE > deco buildings , and even more importantly - it's a REALLY safe area , which for me - means Everything ! But , P.S. If you , or anyone you 
needs to find a consistent cash paying job for the summer .... 
. . . J u s t S m i l e . . . 
“The Inability To Change Is The Inability To Reckon With Reality” ~ Stefan Rudolph ~ 
Enthusiasm is that special quality that makes things happen . I think of it as the wind that whips the flames of < PROPFEMALE > into a burning inferno . In reality , enthusiasm is just a state of mind an emotion which you control . ~ Thomas D . Willhite ~ 
I want to do something for my birthday ; I'll be 25 !! - It's this Thursday , but Friday is an option as well I have been so busy with all this moving malarkey that I have not had time to plan anything .... does anyone have any ideas ? :) 
It's 91°F ( 33°C ) in Los Angeles ... help ! Anyone ? Perhaps time to go to the air conditioned library ! But sitting in the heat to get there ..... ugh ! :( 
is getting an early start tomorrow to get her errands done via public transport to beat the HEAT ! I miss London and it's weather every day !! But ya ' gotta ' love Hollywood ! ;) 
All you have to do it try ...... yes , all you have to do is try . 
Today is Moving to Los Feliz Day . Tomorrow is my 25th Birth Day ! Then in a week ... it's reunited with my darling loveeeeee coming here from London Day ! What a week ahead !! And it starts ....................................................... NOW ! ? ? ? 
is at PsychoBabble in Los Feliz ... my internet is being installed in my new apartment tomorrow ! I survived two days without the internet .... oh what have I become !? ;) 
I'd first like to thank FaceBook for reminding everyone that it was my Birthday yesterday ! Then , I would like to thank those of you who managed to not be distracted by all the advertisements and saw that it was my Birthday & sent me such Lovely Delightful 
is sitting on the floor in her new apartment ..... I still need a full sized mattress/box spring and at least 100 hangers .... and lots more things .... but a bed would be a great place to start !! ;) I'm visualizing it all right now ...!! 
needs about 200 hangers !! 
“Adversity reveals genius , prosperity conceals it . ” < PROPMALE > ( Ancient < PROPMALE > Poet . 65 BC-8 BC ) 
< PROPFIRST > is going to be here tomorrow !!!!!! My Love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! & hearts ; 
I am determined to fit into my skinny jeans again !!! 
My current personal pet peeves : I am trying to be practical and wear flats and not 4in heels so my ankle(s ) continue to heal properly , but all my jeans and pants I bought long for yearsss to go with my heels , and my wardrobe is not fitted for hot summer 
is cleaning and organizing ... prepping to paint ... cream coloured walls , white ceiling and trim with a < PROPMALE > purple accent wall .... Mmmm ! 
just finished watching What The Bleep Do We Know ? again ... had seen in many years ago ... but it is still so fascinatingly , thought provoking and relevant and inspiring and moving and amazing ! :) Now ...... to try to sleep !! 
The breeze at < PROPFEMALE > has secrets to tell you . Do not go back to sleep . You must ask for what you really want . Do not go back to sleep . The door is round and open . Do not go back to sleep . - Rumi 
Does anyone local have an old T-Mobile phone they're not using ... or would sell for less than $10 for my boyfriend so he can get a sim card here so I can actually call him ! Thanks in advance ! :) 
Full < PROPFEMALE > Meditation and Yoga class with Tej at < PROPFEMALE > Bridge tonight ... happy times ! ( oh , and seven moons for me and my baby ... yay us ! ) Smilesssssss :) :) :) 
is wishing everyone happiness , health , wealth , peace and love .... and anything else your soul and heart are longing for ! Namaste ! 
\There are only two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle . \ " ~ Albert Einstein ~ " 
That's all I want one day ..... in my family .... to have a higher Dog to People ratio ! - Me :) 
I love waking up at 6:00 in the morning .... the world is so peaceful ... the sounds of nature are so crisp and audible ... the morning breeze dancing through the leaves ... through limbs extending upwards on the trees ... they speak to me .... I listen for a sign ..... just breathe .......... deep ..... 
Los Feliz Farmer's Market behind the Dresden on Vermont ... it's only been going for 3 weekends now .... go check it out ... yay fruit and veggies and fun things we don't need ! :) 
oooooh sooooo sleeeeppppyyyyyy ....... 
Can someone bring me a power drill ? I need to < PROPFEMALE > up a shelf . :) Thanks ! 
Om Namah Shivaya 
mmmm ... raw garlic ... ;) 
Rehearsal tomorrow ...... 1st Run Through .... so excited .... yay !!! 
is an untapped source of talent and creativity ! :) 
Just living is not enough . One must have sunshine , freedom , and a little flower . ~ Hans Christian Anderson ~ 
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so tiredddd ................... going to sleep now and getting up at 5am to get things done ..... tomorrow is from 9am to 10pm and then all weekend working 12 hour days ... then Monday .... school starts !! God help me .... I am going to need caffeine !!!!! 
Boy , do I love those 18 hour days ...!!! : X 
.. just kidding : I love those 20 hour days ! Actually .. no .. and I am a little bit annoyed at how people take advantage of generous and nice people ( me ) even when you stand your ground , sometimes , once you commit , you have to follow through .. even when it means being awake for 20 hours , working for 18 of them in humid , hot , suffocating heat -and no apology for working your crew almost 7 hours after your expected wrap time ! 
Four hours of sleep before my first day back at the Academy is fantastic ! : X However , I am full of life and energy and excitement to ( re ) start this new venture again ! I Am Here ...... 
Sorry to be cliche ... but are there ever enough hours in the day ??!! So sleepy ..... time to dream now ... zzzzz .... :) :) :) 
it is because of Love .... even when it seems not so ... and it appears masked in other things ... it is Love .... deep , honest love .... let it be and let is flow from your face ... it is Love ... it is Love ... 
\Health is the greatest possession . Contentment is the greatest treasure . Confidence is the greatest friend . Non-being is the greatest joy . \ " ~ Lao Tzu ~ " 
watching the sunset at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Beach .. the wind in my hair and sand between my toes ... wading in the water splashing up against my knees ... feels like bliss to me ... I wish I could live near the beach ! 
Rehearsal from 9 - 2 , rehearsal from probably 3-5 ( ish ) then working from 5 ( ish ) to 8pm .... and somewhere in between there I am going to eat and breathe .... :) 
2nd week back at the Academy ..... busy busy busy ..... and loving every minute of it ! 
Dinner = Kombuncha & Cookie ! Mmmmm .....!!! ;P 
Rehearsal , Class , Class , Rehearsal , Class , Rehearsal , Dress Rehearsal .....! Wow ! 
Today is my EIGHT YEAR VEGANNIVERSARY !! Wooo Hooo ! ;) Also , Chicago Performance today at 12:30 ..... I am so jazzed !!!!!!!!!! 
Time to sleep in tomorrow , finally !..... Well , for a few hours anyway !! 
Babysitting the cutest girl in the whole world today ... I know you're jealous , it's ok ;) 
Hiked up to the Griffith Observatory with < PROPFIRST > tonight ... only to find that access after sunset was prohibited by a large gate and sign .... oh well ... must try again soon ... the views were spectacular ! 
: Farmer's Market , Laundry , Cleaning , Organizing , Homework , Breathing & Enjoying Every Moment ! I am so Blessed to be doing what I Love Right Now in my life & being able to be close to those I love as well .. surrounded by Divine Love & Divine Light , Endless Support & Smiles .. So Many Blessings in my life .. So Immensely Grateful .. reflecting on it All . There are not enough days in the rest of my life to say THANK you , thank YOU ! 
Raw vegan dinner at Cru in Silverlake with my love !!! Mmmmm ...... oh life is so so good ! Plus running into < PROPMALE > at 10pm on the Sunset bus .... love your face ! 
It's funny that at 5am , my only facebook friend online are the ones in the UK , < PROPFEMALE > and Ireland ! haha LA people are like ... yeah , it's 5am ... I'm sleeping dude ! ;) Going to watch the sunset ...... a free miracle to behold everyday .. if you're up for it ! :) :) :) 
I slept in ' till 6:00 am this morning ..... serioiousy ! 
is so wicked tiredddddd ...... 
long long days .... long nights .... working all day and night tomorrow .... life is so beautiful ! I get to sleep in until 8am tomorrow .... woooohoooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
It's 4:30 am ... I just got back from working two jobs .... another 17 hour day ... vegan chocolate cake leftovers for post-dinner/pre-breakfast snack ... and off to bed ! 
If anyone knows of a fantastic , good running , good condition , well-maintained , newer than 1995 car ( you get the idea ) for no more than $1200 < PROPMALE > please let me know ASAP ! I have the money and am ready to buy !! :) 
is going to London ( again ! ) over Christmas and New Years , actually from December 23rd till February 3rd ! Yayyyyyyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to make raw vegan doughnuts ! 
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
“It is not the strongest of the species that survive , nor the most intelligent , but the one most responsive to change . ” ~ Charles Darwin ~ 
cleaning , cleaning , cleaning ! 
is a little sick from not getting enough sleep lately ... so I am going to sleep now ! 
is looking for a scholarship to attend the Musical Theatre Summer Program at RADA in London ( < PROPMALE > Academy of Dramatic < PROPMALE > ) next summer ! I've wanted to go to this school since I was 16 , and it's about time I made it happen !! 
Sunday Brunch at Real Food Daily , Grove Farmer's Market , Rehearsal , then hiking in Runyon Canyon ..... what a day ahead ! :) 
Lend your voices only to sounds of freedom . No longer lend your strength to that which you wish to be free from ... fill lives with love and bravery , and you shall live the life uncommon . 
Last minute trip planning to San < PROPFIRST > this weekend .... any suggestions for hotels or places to see etc !! I have never been , and so < PROPFIRST > and I are driving up tomorrow ! 
spent hourssss yesterday looking for a moderately priced hotel in San < PROPFIRST > ($under $300 for the weekend ) .... I could not seem to find anything .... I am still going to try before today to see if we can still make it happen !! 
We made it !!!!! We're in San < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
We made it back to LA ! Yay ! Finally , no more driving ! Oh , and by the way ... it took EIGHT hours on the 101 on Friday , and 6 1/2 on the 5 coming back ! Craaazzzyyy ! Ok , goodnight ! 
I just did all the prep work to make dinner , which took an hour , and it's in the oven and on the stove top , and now I am so tired ... but have to wait for it to cook ! Oh bother ! :P 
Oh what a Beautiful Morning ........!!!!! 
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair but manifestations of strength and resolution . ~ Kahlil Gibran ~ 
61 Days until I am in London Again ....... weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I don't know much ... but I Know I Love You ... and that may be ... All I Need to Know ... 
I'm so sleepy when it's cold at 6:00 in the morning .... I need to get a lil ' heater or something so I can get up when it's cold and I just want to snuggle in bed ! 
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread . ~ Mother Teresa ~ 
Does anyone have a truck or vehicle that could help me pick up a full size couch I want to buy off of craigslist from Westwood ... I would cover the mileage for gas ... Let me know ... thanks ! :) 
Please read my last note . That is all . : X 
Why am I so tired on Halloween Eve ?...... I think I must nap if any costuming and galavanting is to take place tonight ! 
Frosted and Frozen Icy Snow Princess ....... developing ..... I hope my creation turns out as it is in my head !! Happy Hallllllllooooweeeeeeeen ! Please be safe my facebook friends . Arrive Alive , don't drink and drive ! ? 
soooooooo sleeeeeeeepy ..... 
& hearts ; My Looveeee ! 
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains , but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others . - < PROPMALE > Mandela 
I am going to bed .... at 8:00 pm ... I am just that tired ! Tomorrow is going to be an amazing day ! 
Today WAS an AMAZING day !! And a BIG THANKS to Csilla for going on a trip to the grocery store with me so I would not have to bring groceries home on the bus and hurt my back carrying them ! Thank you Thank you Thank you ! And now .......... Goodnight ! I think tomorrow shall be an amazing day too ... Why NOT !?! :) 
47 days until I am in London again !! & hearts ; 
I am awake at almost 3:00 am ... what the hell am I doing ?! Can someone please tell me ? I am just not asleep ... but I have not have caffeine !! How very strange is this ! Well . I must sleep now anyway ....... Goodnight ! 
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately ... 
is healing . 
“The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers . ” 
Fun times with Will , new friends and the pony last night ! Now , vegan pancakes w/ Csilla , Farmers Market , then rehearsal and homework ... and hopefully laundry too ! Yay ! :) 
Heal Yourself First . 
\The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . \ " ~ Winston Churchill ~ " 
is going to orange county tonight for Thanksgiving for a couple/few days . :) 
HAPPY THANKS GIVING ! ( Happy Tofurkey Day !! ) 
ALRIGHT ..... Thanks Giving is over ....... Time for Christmas Music , Lights and Cookies !!!! 
Going to sleep .... Sleep .... Sleep ............ Mmmmm ....... sleep ! 
is reading plays , lots of plays ... looking for a final scene , drinking tea , making dinner ... it's almost DECEMBER 1st ..... Yay Christmas Time is Here ! I want to go see all the Christmas-oriented events and shows in LA ... who wants to go with me !?!?!?!?! 
Full < PROPFEMALE > Tomorrow ...... remember to breathe deeeeply .... X ) 
WOW WOW WOW WOW .... What energy TODAY holds !! FULL MOON .... December 2nd ... and it's 22 Days until I am back in LONDON again !! ANd 22 is my spiritual/favourite number ... and it's the 2nd day of my 40 day meditation ! I am just wicked excited !!! Missing London all the more it creeps closer again ... but yet , still loving the inspired die-hard artists in Los < PROPFEMALE > ! One day I will be living in LA , NY and London ! :) & hearts ; 
it's all happening so fast ..... don't waste a single moment ..... 
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . ” ~ Lao Tzu ~ 
Who wants to take me grocery shopping so I don't have to < PROPFEMALE > all my heavy veggie food on the bus in the rain ? : X 
So , I just pulled a skirt from the wardrobe stock at school for my final scene for acting .... an old-fashioned .... long/mid-calf , high-waisted , cream/plaid number .... I get home ... read the manufacturer's/designer's tag .... it reads : Laurèl !! Am I channeling MYSELF in a past life , or what ?? !! ?? !! 
Had the most amazing day in Manhattan Beach with new , awesome friends .... started off with going to AGAPE and was so inspired and moved ... just , WOW ! Then lunch by the ocean ... an eventful night by the pier with a Christmas music band , the best fireworks show I have ever seen in my life ... and all kinds of lovely-ness to fill out one Sunday ! Sleep now ...... OFFICIALLY Finals week ! Wooooo ! 
Wherever you are .... whatever you're doing ... just stop and know ... that you are so loved ... You are so beautiful and I love love love you ... I love who you are ... and I love that about you ... and whether or not you know it .... you inspire me , daily ... you have affected my whole being ... I am a changed and better person because of you ... and I am so grateful for you !! ALL of you ! 
I have no other words to describe how unbelievably ALIVE I feel right now ! 
Something has changed within me ......... something is not the same ........ I'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game . Too late for second guesses ... too late to go back to sleep ... it's time to trust my instincts ... close my eyes ... and leap ! It's time to try defying gravity ... I think I'll try defying gravity ... and you can't bring me down ! 
Have you forgotten how simple life can be ? Come . Sit Remember . 
\Christmas is not so much about opening our presents ... as opening our hearts . \ " ~ Janice Maeditere ~ & hearts ; " 
To everyone who keeps posting \FML\ " on your status update .... stop it ! If you don't like your situation ... change it ! I bless you and your life .... everything is a choice . Stop putting negative energy out there surrounding your life because it feels true or because you think it's funny . You are not doing yourself any favors . Just felt the need to say that ... :) " 
It's a beautiful day ! It's a beautiful life ! 
May you have the Spirit of Christmas , which is Peace ... The Gladness of Christmas , which is Hope ... The Heart of Christmas , which is Love ... & hearts ; 
11:11 & hearts ; 
. . . sleep evades me . . . first time in so long . . . I think because I keep thinking of everything I want to do and create over the next 5 weeks . . . 12:12 am . . . and my nose is so cold even though the rest of me is warm ! Sleep . . . Dream . . . Manifest . . . Create . . . Be . . . Peace . . . Sleep . . . 
I'm c < PROPMALE > ling < PROPMALE > l the angels . I'm c < PROPMALE > ling on sweet God . I'm c < PROPMALE > ling on < PROPMALE > the ? masters of every faith . I'm c < PROPMALE > ling on < PROPMALE > l the angels in the sky . I'm c < PROPMALE > ling on sweet mother earth . I'm c < PROPMALE > ling on you , God . God and Me , Me an God are one . God and Me , Me and God are one ... 
Life is so good I just want to scream !! 
& hearts ; Imagine a life based on forgiveness of self and others . . . A life based on shedding fear and accepting love . . . Resulting in a life of true inner peace . Nothing real can be threatened . Nothing unreal exists . Herein lies the peace of God . & hearts ; 
All I can tell you that I know for certain today is : We are protected & safe in this Universe . God is ever present within & without & all around , & NO matter what , ALL IS WELL . I am safe . I am Blessed by the experiences that make me feel my humanness & remind me I am ALIVE for the sheer fact that I LOVE BEING ALIVE ! Thats all I know right now . But THAT is a lot to digest . FEEL it in every cell in your body ! Life , it is SO GOOD ! 
I want to fully know who I am without anything attached to who I think I am , or who I want to be ... but to know myself at my core in the invisible silence . 
Last night ... I felt like I had a Spiritual Awakening ... and I was wide AWAKE until 5:00 am ! I slept 4 hours , and now I am still AWAKE tonight ! I am not entirely sure what is moving through me but this tingling energy is pulsating through every pore on my body ! I am AWAKE AND ALIVE ! My breath feels deep and connected and energized ! These are the moments I thank GOD that I'm ALIVE ! What a Beautiful World I am Creating ! 
< PROPFEMALE > wants you to donate here : https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=10965581\",2010-01-06 09:51:11 " 
Breathing Deeply in the Place of Possibility . Breathing Deeply & Consciously-watching in Wonder-The Breath of Life as it enters & exits & re-enters my body-with Freedom-and Certainty-in & out-Bringing with it Gratitude for the Free Ability to Open , Share , Give , Receive , Create , Connect , Love . How Fortunate & Blessed WE ARE to have Access to these Divine gifts ! WOW ! Truly ! Let It In ! Let It Out ! Let It Go ! Let It Be ! AND SO IT IS ! 
Just got home from seeing AVATAR ... WOW .... I went to the 11pm showing at the Arclight in 3D .... it's 3am .... WOW .... Am in such a different space right now .... what a crazy time for me to watch this masterpiece of film ..... I almost feel too open ..... I just always feel things so intensely ...... I FELT SO MUCH watching that film .... WOW .... ( and Hollywood is a crazy town to be out in at this hour ! ) Sleeeep Now ... 
Health , Wholeness and Happiness . Praise the Good , and Raise the World with Health Wholeness and Happiness ! Wealth , Wonder and Willingness . Praise the Good , and Raise the World with Wealth Wonder and Willingness . Love , Laughter and Letting God . Praise the Good , and Raise the World with Love Laughter and Letting Go . AND SO IT IS ! :) & hearts ; 
I'm going to sleep before 4am for the first time in over a week .... wow ..... 
Its all Happening ! It has already Happened ! I am surrounded by people that want to do nothing but offer honest contributions ! How Amazing it is that what I need right Now is Available to me in ways that I can Access Immediately ! How Blessed I am to have people who are going out of their way to be Helpful ! How Beautiful it is to know I am Loved and Protected & the greatest good is unfolding before my very eyes ! 
Driving back to Los < PROPFEMALE > later today .... mmmm hmmm ;) 
... is back home in Los Feliz ....... with my Amazing new to me ( but almost vintage - 1989 BMW 325 in light gold ! ) car I just bought today .... SO HAPPY to have wheels again .... they may as well be wings I feel like I could fly ! Can't wait to go put my COEXIST and misc other hippie stickers back on my car ! ALL is Well ... :) 
\May all that have life be delivered from suffering . \ " -- Buddha " 
< PROPMALE > Oaks to sign up for extras calling service , then the the DMV to register my car ..... mmmm .... DMV .... hehe ;) better bring a book ! Things are starting TODAY .... right NOW .... Don't Wait .... go and MAKE it Happen ! ....... Gratitude ...... Always ...... Let it be your breathe of life for everything ........ & hearts ; 
:: ATTENTION :: I need a JUMP START for my CAR !!! The battery is completely dead .. somehow ! I am in Los Feliz . If anyone is available to come help me out , please call me : 323-470-2443 . I just had a guy try to jump start it actually , & it wouldn't work . He said my battery was too \big\ " for his truck even though I just have a 89 BMW . I think I need someone who has powerful battery . Any help would be greatly appreciated !! " 
THANK YOU TO < PROPFIRST > Patsalis for being my Angel tonight and Blessing my car with his Love and Light and Battery Power to get ' er started again ! And THANK YOU to < PROPFIRST > , the random mechanic driving by who helped me figure out how to pop open my hood and checked my oil for me .... BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE ... God is so good .... and again ... just Gratitude ... ALL IS WELL !! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
Breathe my Love .... Breathe my Love ... Breathe in the quiet Center .... & hearts ; 
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . ” ~ Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. ~ 
Surrender to the Infinite Energy .... Allow Yourself to Open and the Breath of Life to Flow Through You ..... THIS IS LIFE .... THIS is what it is ALL ABOUT ! 
No matter what you have done , or haven't done ... YOU ARE WORTHY OF LOVE . 
I can see clearly now the rain has gone . I can see all obstacles in my way . Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind . It's going to be a bright , bright sunshiny day ! ! ! ! 
Sometimes ........... everything we need just comes out of nowhere , and nothing ....... and sometimes ..... all we have to do is ask ..... Possibilities ARE HAPPENING ALL OVER THE PLACE !! 
MIRACLES ARE HAPPENING ALL OVER THE PLACE !! 
Who Needs My Love Today ? & hearts ; 
Lend your voices only to sounds of freedom . No longer lend your strength to that which you wish to be free from . Fill your lives with love and bravery , and you shall lead the life uncommon . & hearts ; 
So my friend who I grew up with sends me an e-mail and says ... OMGGG I SAW YOU IN VOGUE !!!! You look so amazing !! I am so proud of you !! It's like I can say ... I knew you before you were famous !! You look amazing !! I am so proud of you !!! --- Sorry ... did I miss something .. like , say .. my photo shoot for Vogue Magazine !?!?! hehe ! None the less .. I am utterly flattered .. and perhaps it is just a sign of things to come !! ;) 
I'm going to be a hair model all weekend ( Sat-Mon ) at the International Salon and Spa Expo at the Long Beach Convention Center .... how exciting !!!! :) Also ... it's a full < PROPFEMALE > tonight ..... Mmmmmmm ..... breathe in and bliss out people ! 
Mmmm ..... morning ..... I love the silence and stillness .... wish I could soak this up for a couple hours in deep meditation ... but alas ... I am off to do the complete opposite ! The hair show is quite an energetic event ... gonna ' go rock a blonde afro again ! Have an amazing day everyone ! Missed Agape 2 weeks ago for work , last week because of Landmark and this week for working , but All Is Well . :) Love Love Love !! & hearts ; 
Awake at 5am to leave by 7am to beat the morning traffic to the hair show .. Breakfast .. Tea .. Make Lunch for Day .. Epsom Salt Bath .. Put my \model\ " face on ! hehe . Have an AWESOME day and meet OPPORTUNITIES everywhere I go ! Then dinner with the Lovely < PROPFIRST > Lupei !! Then home to sleep !! Life is Happening RIGHT NOW ! It's ALL HAPPENING ! Breathing Deeply in the Place of Possibility ! & hearts ; " 
You know already , you don't need me to tell you . Are you Prepared to walk through the fire with me ? Are you Willing to Speak up for what is Right-Knowing that YOU hold the Power to Transform Everything , and Give someone a < PROPMALE > at a better Life ? If not YOU , who ? If not NOW , when ? You Have This AWARENESS for a Reason . It is a Gift .. and a Responsibility . Move with the Spirit of Healing the World , one Life at a time . Move NOW . 
& hearts ; ~ L O V E ~ Will ~ K E E P ~ Us ~ A L I V E ~ & hearts ; 
\Walk blindly to the LIGHT and reach out for his hand . Don’t ask any questions and don’t try to understand . OPEN up your MIND and then OPEN up your HEART . You will SEE that YOU and ME aren't very far apart . ‘Cause I Believe that LOVE is the Answer . I Believe LOVE will Find a way . I Believe that LOVE is the Answer . I Believe LOVE will Find a way . \"" 
I need to not stay up until 2:45 am if I am planning to wake up at 6:00 am to meditate ! haha ! None the less ..... what a Beautifulllll morning it is ... twinkling morning light and crisp new air ... Breatheeee .... Be Still .... and Listen .... Surrender ... In-Spirit-ation moving through me ... Awakening all senses ... Coming into Full Awareness and Aliveness ... I get to be ALIVE ... How Tremendously Awesome is THAT ?! :) 
The rain is pouring down ... Like all the souls You send here ... Coming to this Earth ... To find Healing . Mother Earth takes in the rain ... Like Your Heart takes my voice . Let us free each other ... With our Prayers ... With our Voice ... 
Yeah , So .... this whole doppelgänger thing .... I don't think I look a lot like anyone ... which is fine by me .... I'd rather look like ME !..... I get < PROPFEMALE > Kidman , Mena Suvari , < PROPFIRST > Bledel , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Wood ... but I don't see it when I look at their google image searches ! Any thoughts ? 
\I Can Afford to < PROPFEMALE > out with people who Live in Excellence because My Life Demands It !! \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > B . Beckwith :) " 
FIRST DAY of my SECOND YEAR of Theatre Academy Training Starts TODAY ... Creating and UNFOLDING My Destiny .. SO Grateful for the Love and Support that is Surrounding me from ALL sides and for the Opportunities to TOUCH , HEAL & INSPIRE , and that TODAY I Am a Vessel for DIVINITY to flow through me and as me .. So Blessed .. SO Grateful .. I AM ! 
TRUTH is My IDENTITY . THIS is the air I Breathe . THIS is My < PROPFEMALE > . I GET to Be Right HERE , Right NOW , with ME , with The Spirit Cultivating the Effortless Ability to CONNECT the World through LOVE & TRUTH & the Opening of My Soul & Self - to Share & Teach & Inspire ALL . THIS is My Path . THIS is My Place . THIS I Know to Be TRUTH . AND SO IT IS . 
RAINING - POURING - HAILING - THUNDERING - LIGHTNING - I have a feeling I'm not in Los < PROPFEMALE > Anymore .......... Except I AM ! I am not going outside ... and you can't make me ! Burrrr !!!! Time for another cup of hot tea and vegan cookie ! 
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH MY LIFE !! I am surrounded by the Most Extraordinary BEINGS ... I LOVE This Atmosphere We're Breathing In ...... I AM AWAKE ....... and I AM everything I need to BE already without all the effort ..... I KNOW this now .... with Certainty and Full Awareness . Thank you Just Sit .... We're All In This Together ! 
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH MY LIFE !! I am surrounded by the Most Extraordinary BEINGS ... I LOVE This Atmosphere We're Breathing In ...... I AM AWAKE ....... and I everything I need to be already without all the effort ..... I know this now .... with certainty and full awareness . Thank you Just Sit .... We're All In This Together ! 
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH MY LIFE !! I am surrounded by the Most Extraordinary BEINGS ... I LOVE This Atmosphere We're Breathing In ...... I AM AWAKE ....... and I AM everything I Need to BE already without All the effort ..... I KNOW this NOW .... with Certainty and Full Awareness . Thank you Just Sit .... We're All In This Together ! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
Ended yesterday in a circle of LOVE at Just Sit then Started today with sadhana meditation from 4-6am at < PROPFEMALE > Bridge Yoga and NOW heading to AGAPE - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beckwith ! AHHHMAAAAZZZZING !! 
5:00 am ........ My < PROPFEMALE > begins .... NOW ! 
Where is a photographer when I need one ??!! My outfit from the fashion game show is topping my own personal best ! I think I need to do a photo shoot in this entire look ! It's a complete representation of me ! I love it ! But now , I am SO happy to get in my jammies and kick off my stilettos and fishnets and chiffon and lace and < PROPFEMALE > and shine and call it a night ! ;) 
... I am floating in the Ocean of my S O U L - in the Expansiveness of L O V E - which is my Whole B E I N G ... 
I NEED a M I R A C L E Today ! My car overheated yesterday & I found out the radiator is leaking , so it's being towed to my mechanic today-so I don't have my car . I HAVE to get to LAX area to attend a seminar workshop TONIGHT ( Landmark Forum ) and I HAVE to BE there @ 7pm - 10pm . ANY ideas of you or someone you know going there from Los Feliz area or coming back would be AMAZING ! THANK YOU !!!! & hearts ; 
Abhi-Irena KosherGoddess IS MY ANGEL FOR TODAY ! She is coming with me to my Landmark Forum seminar series tonight , AND she lives 5 minutes away from me !!! I am Surrounded by such AMAZING people ! I am SO Blessed !! Thank you Angel Abhi !! 
I CAN AFFORD TO < PROPFEMALE > OUT WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE LIVING IN EXCELLENCE BECAUSE MY LIFE DEMANDS IT ! YES ! YES ! YES ! 
& hearts ; As long as I have B R E A T H in my Body - I will be a Channel for DIVINE L O V E to Flow Through me - and Everything I Need WILL BE taken care of BEcause I BREATHE in the T R U T H of the ALL Good , ALL Receiving , ALL accepting , and ALL Knowing that ALL IS WELL ... Always ... and ALL WAYS . & hearts ; 
A HUGE THANKS TO : Judah Isvaran , < PROPMALE > Smiles , Abhi-Irena KosherGoddess , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Love < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum , Ahsia < PROPFIRST > , and My DAD for BEing AMAZING in Making Things Happen in getting me to the places I needed to get to and from in the last three days while my car was being Healing and Renewed in the shop !! SO MUCH LOVE ! 
\I Am AVAilable to Be LOVED Right NOW - isn't That a GREAT Thing ?! \"" 
Going to get my LOVE on at AGAPE 11am ! Breathe in the Loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!! 
MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS < PROPFEMALE > Kane & < PROPMALE > Passoja are having a Baby ! Her water broke & This AMAZING , PRECIOUS , PERFECT , DIVINE BABY BOY Will BE on his way Here SOON ! Congratulations2 The Most AMAZING PARENTS of an Already Perfect ANGEL Girl & Your New ANGEL Boy ! You BOTH Represent what parents Need 2B4 their children ! I watch w/Adoration & Inspiration @your BEAUTYFULL Creations !! ENDLESS Blessings&LOVE ! 
Driving home while waiting @ a red light at < PROPMALE > and Vermont .. Totally ROCKING OUT Proper in my car to some Amazing tunes .. per the usual .. I suddenly get this urge to look to my right .. AND The Woman in her car next to me is Totally ROCKING OUT JUST LIKE ME ! And WE Have This AMAZING - Dancing in our drivers seat at a red light ROCK OUT Session ! Feeding off each others ENERGY ! I WANT More People Like THAT in MY Life ! 
You can either Honor your FEAR - or you Can Honor your POSSIBILITY - You can't do Both ! 
If you shoot a rocket up into space a billionth of a millimeter off the launch pad in the direction that's not accurate - can miss the target a hundred thousand < PROPMALE > away . So one little change can make a huge impact on < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hey Loves ! If any of you could send me some healing love health & vitality energy , remedies or even vitamins you want to send my way ... my throat started feeling really sore about 2 hours ago with a lot of congestion .... somethings passing through ... but need it to speed along it's way . Thank you in advance for all the Blessings ! I release all restrictions , and I am free to be me . & hearts ; 
I need some more prayers please .... I felt better earlier today , now I feel worse , and I have a fever and a migraine and chills ... and it's also really frustrating to be this sick ..... something is moving through me ..... and on it's way out soon ... I release and I let go ... 
Feeling a lot better this morning . Sleep appears to be powerfully healing for me ..... and meditation with visualization and affirming mantras . But more than that ... the powerful love flowing from all the amazing people in my life I know has helped me tremendously . I am so grateful and so blessed to be surrounded by pure love in the forms of all of YOU BEAUTY FULL BEINGS !! & hearts ; 
The Universal Law of Non-Interference is quite Clear . Teach only those who Ask and < PROPFEMALE > the Truth . 
Yesterday : meditation , rehearsal , class , class , rehearsal , rehearsal , audition , meditation , sleep . Today : meditation , rehearsal , rehearsal , maybe call backs , then homework , reading , studying , meditation , sleep . :) Oh , and an apple and a banana and a raw bar and whatever food I can eat in less than 2 minutes in between all of that ! :) 
I Will make My Living - Loving & Giving . I AM THAT VISION . It's Impossible for me Not to Fulfill my Mission , it's My < PROPFEMALE > . 
Today could not have been more Perfect ! 1on1 conference call w/ Dr. DeMartini this morning-the most Inspiring man in my life ! SERIOUSLY ! The money I needed showed up out of nowhere in my bank account b/c I am richly abundant & all my needs are met ! Blissful Meditation w/my new family @ Just Sit on this RADIANT Full Moon ! Healing for my back is coming this week fm an Amazing Soul ! I AM SO GRATEFUL&BLESSED ! 
TELL ME your FAVORITE Uplifting , Energizing , Feel Good SONG that makes you SMILE or laugh and Dance and just makes any negative thought in your mind dissipate ! I want to create the most WICKED iTunes album that I can listen to when I need a pick me up ! It doesn't necessarily have to be upbeat either . So SHARE AWAY !! We can all start making one for ourselves !! & hearts 
There are plenty of people who Pray for Peace , but if praying were enough it would have come to Be . Let your Words enslave no one , and the heavens will hush themselves to Hear our Voices ring out Clear with sounds of Freedom ... sounds of Freedom . Come on you unbelievers , Move out of the way . There is a new army coming and we are armed with Faith . To Live ... we must Give ... To Live . 
In the Infinity of life where I Am , ALL is Perfect , Whole & Complete . I See any resistance patterns w/in me only as something else to Release . They have NO power over me . I AM The Power in my own World . I rejoice in the flow w/the Changes taking place in my life as Best I can . I Approve of myself & the way I AM Changing . Each day gets EASIER . Today is a Wonderful Day . I CHOOSE TO MAKE IT SO . ALL IS WELL in my world . 
\People get what they want in life when they reach the point at which they can see themselves having what they seek . \ " ~ Thomas D . Willhite ~ " 
I ambitiously thought I was going to do all my laundry and bake cookies tonight ..... my body is arguing otherwise ...... sleeeeeeeeeeep it says .......... sleeeeeeeep . OK ! :) 
I AM going to travel the World , and speak to large groups of People about the Things I Feel Passionate about - Affecting Positive Change in the World . This , I KNOW to BE True . And So It IS ! :) 
Cancer Horoscope for Today:You're in the mood for a good giggle - a good , long one . In fact , you're out for one thing & one thing only right about now : the kind of company that will get you laughing so hard your sides will hurt . You know exactly who to call & exactly what to say to get them going . Get a whole group together , in fact , & announce that there will be no serious conversation . None . -So if that's YOU , BRING IT ON !! 
Going to Agapeeeeeeee at 11am ... who's with me ?! :) 
I AM Connected to BEings whose Lives and Missions Directly Support the Unfolding of My < PROPFEMALE > . I AM Surrounded by people who want to do nothing but Joy Fully Contribute to my overall Well BEing . I Am what Thou < PROPMALE > .... and Thou < PROPMALE > what I AM ! B.A.M. !! Bless And Multiply !! ) :) 
You ATTRACT what you ARE and Not what you WANT ..... Therefore ...... I AM SO MONEY !!!!!!!! 
12 hour day ...... I'm home now .... feels short compared to the 14 hour day ! haha Truly ! I think it's time to sleep now ... it's 8:00 pm ... my body is saying .... sleep please ..... ok ! Sweet dreams ! 
Student Directed One Acts preview tonight ...... Opens Tomorrow through Saturday ... see the event on my < PROPFEMALE > for details ! :) 
Inhale ......... LOVE ............... Exhale ............... LOVE ............. Rest in the Space and the Pause in which there is only LOVE ....... & hearts ; 
Who can I S E R V E today Sweet Spirit ? Speak in ways that I can understand . Where you Lead me ... I will follow . Where you Lead me ... I will go . Who Needs my L O V E today Sweet Spirit ? Speak in ways that I will understand . Where you lead me ... I will follow . Where you lead me ... I will go . :) 
Closing night for the ONE ACTS - and the one I am in ... Feeding the Moonfish ! Break a leg everyone ! :) 
It's 5:22 am ..... I have not been to sleep ...... realllllly .......... just WOW ....... energy ...... intensity ....... but I am going to sleep NOW .... I keep thinking how 5-6 days a week I get up an hour from now !! Sleeeeeeep to Dreammmmm to Infinity ....? 
11:22 
Yoga , Meditation , Breakfast & Yogi Tea , Healing Session in Agoura Hills , Drive Back to LA ..... Breathe .... Drink KOMBUCHA , Lunch , Rehearsal , Study , Audition , SMILEEEEEE , Landmark Seminar Class near LAX , Home , Dinner , Study , Meditation , SLEEP ! All of this is BEAUTIFUL - but someone please tell me when I am going to have time to put my clean clothes away ?! haha ! :) 
Getting home at midnight ... getting up at 6 .... rehearsal at 8am ! Classes .... and then more rehearsal .... more classes .... I LOVE MY LIFE !! Passing out now ! GOD GIVE ME MORE ENERGY to keep up with my AMBITIONS and PERSISTENCE in Unfolding my < PROPFEMALE > ! I AM so grateful to be surrounded by people who operate centrally from LOVE . And so it is ! YOU ARE LOVE ! I AM LOVE ! WE ARE ALL ... ONE LOVE ! 
There's a Life That I AM MEANT TO LEAD . A Life like nothing I have KNOWN . I can FEEL It - And it's FAR from Here ... I've got to Find it on my own . Even NOW I feel it's heat upon my skin - A Life of PASSION that pulls me from WITHIN . A life that I am Making to BEGIN . There must be Somewhere I can BE ... A S T O N I S H I N G ! ! ! ! 
I'm tired today ... slept through 3 alarms ... my body is asking me to sleep more .... I will soon body , I promise . 
What else is there to do in the world but contribute . 
LISTEN ! Do you hear it ? I do . I can feeeeeel it . I expect a Miracle is coming . It has set loose this restlessness inside of me . Expect it . Dream about it . Give birth to it in your BEing . KNOW ! Something good is coming down the line . Finding it's way to you like all things find their way to God's children . LISTEN ! ~ < PROPFIRST > Kilcher 
Wrapping up an extremely productive day .... getting some Spring cleaning and organizing done .... getting a plan together for a full Spring Cleaning for the break ... Mind Body and Spirit ... and Apartment ! Tomorrow ... AGAPEEEE ... find my way to one of the many beautiful beaches in LA ... read plays & memorize lines while listening to the ocean and nature ... then Just Sit ! Ahhhh .... Life is Good ! 
My computer power cord it dead .... have to wait for another one ...... no facebook for a couple days ..... how will I survive ?? ;) 
Power cord for my laptop ...... please be in my mailbox whenI get home . THANK YOU !! 
Ok , SO , I don't know if my power cord came N the mail today , cuz b4 I could check my mail today , this afternoon-I noticed that someone STOLE the entire panel on the front of my car where my headlights are !! Cut the wires/cut/tore it out ! :( So , I drove 2 OC 2 my mechanic so he can order the proper parts/get it fm a junk yard etc . All of my plans 4the next couple days R on hold , but on the plus side-I get to see my DOGGIE ! :) 
Avocados off the tree , raw garlic , sea salt , cracked pepper , splash of lemon off the tree , on organic toasted bread .... DIVINE DELICIOUSNESS ! 
is LOVE & hearts ; LOVE & hearts ; LOVE & hearts ; LOVE & hearts ; LOVEEEEEE & hearts ; 
Still in orange county .. still don't have my car back from the shop yet .. waiting on new headlights/front panel thing .. don't steal parts off people's cars .. its not very nice .. I miss my apartment .. & my plants and flowers need water & & hearts ; .. I'll be home soon .. breathing deeply in the place of possibility .. seeing my destiny .. ever unfolding .. one bedroom apartment surrounded by trees & off-street parking here I come ! 
\Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with everything they got . \ " ~ Unknown ~ " 
I get my car back this morning ..... Yayyyyy !!! Driving back home to LA in a few hours . & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum for letting me use your laptop to order a new battery for my laptop .... as it turns out ... it's not the power cord .... so I will be back online at home in 3-5 business days !!! MAN I miss my internet at home !! FULL < PROPFEMALE > TONIGHT LOVERS ... Agape tomorrow night ... reading Chekhov all week ... bag FULL of lemons from my mom's lemon tree for spring master cleanse this week ... Life is SO GOOD ! 
I AM BACK ONLINE PEOPLE !!! YAYYYY !! MY BATTERY JUST CAME JUST NOW !!!!!! AND I AM LEAVING FOR AGAPE GOOD FRIDAY SERVICE IN A COUPLE MINUTESSSS !!! BUT I WANT TO SIT ON FACEBOOK FOR AN HOUR IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 WEEKS WITHOUT MY LAPTOP AT HOME !!! LOVEEEEEEE TO ALLLLLL MY FRIENDSSSSS !!!!!! 
Ok ..... so turns out my computer is not all better yet ... I need to take her to a doctor ... I miss my computer ! Ok ...... will update soon ... miss you all ... and btw , AGAPE last night .... blewwww my mind !!! Love is all there is .... Just Love and more LOVE ! :) 
& hearts ; Thank you for not being afraid of my Love . It's just Love . It doesn't mean anything ... except Love . I Love You . Yes , really . Let it in . Go ahead . Thank you for allowing me to just be who I am ... standing in LOVE .... letting me Love you without fear or expectation or analyzing .... just Love . Receive it . Give it . Feel it . Share it . Don't judge it . Just BE Love . L O V E ! & hearts ; 
I'm moving to a one bedroom apartment in Los Feliz or Silverlake for not much more than what I am paying now ... with a parking spot , lotssss of closet space , and lotsssss of treeeees outside my big windows in a month !! SO EXCITED !!! 
\Do not sacrifice your vision for others to try to keep friends . When you're true to yourself - the people around you are a reflection of you . \ " - Dr. DeMartini " 
I'm going HOME , to the Place where I Belong , where Your LOVE has always been Enough for Me .... going to AGAPE ! & hearts ; 
Breathe my Love .... Breathe my Love .... Breathe in the quiet center ...... 
I seriously have the most amazing people in my life ! I AM SO BLESSED !! & hearts ; 
“Whatever relationships you have attracted in your life at this moment , are precisely the ones you need in your life at this moment . There is a hidden meaning behind all events , and this hidden meaning is serving your own evolution . ” ~ Deepak Chopra ~ ( Love < PROPFEMALE > ) ( Judah Isvaran ) 
I AM in love w/learning about life & unfolding every day-who I AM . I experienced the FULLNESS of my TRUTH last night , w/such Awareness & Certainty what I have always known to be true about me . I AM LOVE . I can't tell you how many people have misinterpreted my love-not getting that I just AM LOVE . If I Love you & you can FEEL it-just let it Be & dont make it mean anything other than I can't help but to BE who I AM ! &hearts ; 
I AM DEEPLY , COMPLETELY and PROFOUNDLY GRATEFUL & BLESSED !! 
If people have the PLAGUE ..... why are you going to < PROPFEMALE > around with people who have the PLAGUE if you don't want the PLAGUE ?.... ie : Negativity . - Me , just now talking to < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum !! 
LOVE , you're all I ever could need ... Only one good thing worth trying to BE and it's LOVE , Love Love Love - I do it for LOVE , Love Love Love . Oh , only gonna ' get get what you give away , so give love , love . Only gonna ' get get what you give away ... LOVE ...! 
I'm a Tree :) 
Listening to my body ...... and resting .... rejuvenating .... sleeping .... sleep . 
I loveeeeeee waking up at 6am ! :) Getting a lot done this morning already .... Rev . < PROPFIRST > is not at Agape again this morning because he's out in New York I believe promoting The Answer is YOU ! So , probably will not be going this morning ... Well , now I have no excuses to not get everything done today !! 
Let the Truth you Know conspire with the Divine flow . Everything is Perfect . Belief becomes Insight becomes Creativity becomes Service . An amazingly insightful day for me ... learning more and more about myself constantly .... SO Grateful for the people in my life .... my spiritual family ... you know who you are ! I am profoundly aware of my love for all of you !! Sweet dreams ...... & hearts ; 
TRYING to BE ... is what is keeping you from BEing . -- THAT is my realization for this week ! 
What are you doing today to consciously fulfill your < PROPFEMALE > ? :) 
We Let the LOVE wash over us ... we let .... we let it BE . We let the JOY wash over us ... we let ... we let it BE . 
\A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him . \ " ~ David Brinkley ~ " 
\Everything is perfect in the universe - even your < PROPFEMALE > to improve it . \ " ~ Wayne Dyer ~ " 
\Remember that nothing has to change in the world for us to transform our own life experience . \ " ~ Laura < PROPFIRST > Dernoot Lipsky ~ " 
\A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life . \ " ~ Charles Darwin ~ " 
What used to be The White Lotus in Los Feliz is now turning into a frozen yogurt shop . I ask you people ..... what do we really need more of in this world ? BUT , on the plus side , Nature Mart carries the NEW SOY FREE Earth Balance ! That makes me happy !! :) 
Going to sleep at 10pm on a Friday night couldn't make me happier considering what a productive day I've had ! Well , week rather ! Getting up at 6:22 am again ... per the usual - and just really getting things done ! Busy weekend ... lots of exciting things going on .. and reading and re-reading and re-reading Chekhov !! That man is a genius ! Goodnight beauty full BEings ! 
Today is Perfect ! In every way that it is ... and every way that it's not . Everything is just Perfect . 
It's almost 2am .... I am finally going to sleep ..... amazing day and night filled with healing , revealing , sharing , breathing deeply , rehearsing , introspecting ( is that a word ?? ) playing , dancing , fashion , beauty , love all around .... gazing into strangers eyes without fear , driving in traffic and remaining peaceful , grocery shopping at midnight , reflecting ... and now ... SLEEPING ! & hearts ; 
AGAPE TODAY ......... WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW W O W !! Get it ? Did you miss it ? AgapeLive.com No , I don't work for them !! I'm just sharing the LOVE LOVE LOVEEEEEEEE people !! SO go and get it ! 
is proper knackered . 
is AWAKE !! and Waking Up ! 
I had a dream that I went to go see my doggie and I was able to take her home with me , and we were walking down the street and another similar looking dog who was scruffy and homeless but SO HAPPY and SO SWEET ran up to us and started nuzzling with < PROPFEMALE > and me ... and I knew immediately I would take her home with me too . It made me so happy !! :) 
“Silence is the language of God , all else is poor translation . ” ~ Rumi ~ 
Dear Thieves .... Please stop stealing parts off my car . It's not very nice . - I AM MOVING in 30 days ... Officially ... still looking for a great apartment in Silverlake/Los Feliz WITH OFF-STREET PARKING . If you know of anything , please let me know . Thanks Loves . & hearts ; 
Love the Full < PROPFEMALE > Energy ........... but it keeps me wide AWAKE ! :) 
So excited for everything !! 
Love hanging out with the Effortlessly Lovely , Always Beauty Full and Wonder Full < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rued . ;) You're amazing love ! - And in case any of you didn't know , she's a REAL ARTIST , as in ... people pay her to make < PROPMALE > for them ! If you're looking for some seriously Unique and Amazing < PROPMALE > to grace your home , check her out ! Commission her for some work now , while you can still afford her ! ;) 
There's a place in your heart and I know that it is LOVE . 
Going to Agape with < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum .... mmm hmmm .... what you doin ' ? ;) 
People , Places , Things That Made my day INcredible : Agape , Alisha Bakkum , Bodhise , Hugging Rev . Michael , Receiving a Blessing fm Khen Rinpoche Tsetan , Being photographed 4a StyleBlog , Sunday brunch at RFD , Amazing company&conversation , SuperFriendlyStrangers , Just Sit , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Spontaneous dinner w/Csilla Balogh & < PROPFEMALE > Levine @ a VeganEthiopian place ! 
BE Still and Know that I AM ... 
I just saw one of my < PROPFEMALE > flowers open right before my very eyes ! I just happened to look up two seconds before it opened ! The beauty and perfection of nature just astonishes me ... I love watching my plants grow and flowers bloom .... it's just remarkable ! 
& hearts ; Welcome to the Realm of Ever Expanding GOOD . & hearts ; - I am painting this in purple cursive on the entrance wall to my new home . :) 
Hanging out in Orange County ... car at the mechanic ... typical 5 hour conversations with new friends at the Gypsy Den .... my LOVE , Caylin < PROPFIRST>'s graduation today ! SO proud of her ! Getting work done , spending time with family and my DOGGIEEE ... and I even get to see < PROPMALE > Marken on Sunday ! What a weekend this will be ! Love Completely & Freely . & & hearts ; 
& hearts ; The Breath of God is Breathing Me ... and Resting in the Breath of God .... I KNOW that ALL is Well . I miss BEing at Agape so much when I can't be there ! I AM so Grateful for this place and Grateful for Rev . Michael ... flowing with the LOVE of God ... He speaks my Soul , and I have more clarity of my own Divinity ! How Good it is to BE Alive ! And so it is ! & hearts ; 
You're Not here to Get ... you're here to Let It ! 
I Surrender to my Calling ... I Surrender to who I AM ... even & especially when it feels bigger than me ... It's not for me to judge ... It is not bigger or smaller or outside of me ... It is just who I AM ... & I AM Willing to BEcome more & more of who I AM Already ... who I Know myself to BE ... I Appreciate & Accept the Vision & Clarity my Soul is speaking to me ... & I Let IT BE . Right NOW ! And So It Is ! 
:: ATTENTION DRIVERS :: Please use your signal , look over your shoulder , don't drive 60 mph down a residential side street no matter how clear you think the street is . I saw an accident today , albeit a minor one , and an hour later I was nearly crashed into by a Prius ! Just because you're saving the environment doesn't mean you can't kill someone in your car ! 
Even if I don't have money there's an abundance of money ! Is that not true !? There's an abundance of everything ! 
I AM getting closer & closer to my next dream apartment in Silverlake ! Starting to pack things up ! Everything is unfolding with Perfect Divinity-as it always does whether we choose to see it or not ! I See the Perfection in everything & everyone & above all things-I AM Grateful for this Breath in my body . It carries me to New Realms of Consciousness where I SEE my < PROPFEMALE > Clearly . & I Let It BE ! 
Just got home from Agape from the Creative Abundance Introductory Class with Bro . Ishmael Tetteh - I will be attending the Intensive Workshop tomorrow because I want to have complete & full access to the LOVE that I AM already & \Heal the sense of scarcity-Heal core issues of lack & limitation-Tap into the abundant laws of nature-Reprogram yourself to be aligned to the abundance of Universe\ " WOW ! " 
Just a few highlights of my notes from this weekend so far : You can't have full time manifestations with par t-t ime consciousness . When Love speaks , the world listens . When you are breathing air , you are breathing the trees , you are breathing the seed , you are breathing infinity . Release yourself and your need to be understood by the world - you probably don't even understand yourself . 
Agape 11am !! Yes Yes Yes !! I have been there everyday this weekend ! And I feel nothing but Profoundly Blessed and Completely Grateful for this Conscious Common Unity/Community . & hearts ; :))))))) 
I know you know you're ready , which is why I AM giving it all to you . - God , to me during Just Sit tonight . I surrender to my calling ... even and especially when it feels bigger than me . I know that it is just who I AM , and who I get to BE in this world . I FEEL IT IN MY BONES ! I breathe in gratitude and love ... for that is ALL there is . :) 
& hearts ; I Allow LOVE to Breathe Me as I Master my < PROPFEMALE > - This is my Mantra - and I Let It BE . & hearts ; 
I was really missing London last ngt&I went on GoogleMaps&was clicking my way around all the streets I used2live&places I used2go . Then today , I went2 the CoffeeBean&I hear2people speaking in an English accent&I think : I miss hearing it everywhere ! THEN , there is a flatscreen TV w/a bunch of adverts on it , & as I am waiting4my beverage the screen reads , \GO DIRECTLY TO LONDON . \ " Then it says : w/Air New Zealand ! (My fav airline ! ) " 
It is an interesting balance between being wise with one's money and trusting the Universe . A very delicate balance I think ... any thoughts ? 
Going to bed early ..... been working non-stop ..... So happy to be making money using my gifts and talents and working for some amazing badass people ! I am a genius and I apply my wisdom ! Goodnight Loves ...... & hearts ; 
Vegan Cupcakes with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rued in less than 2 hours .... LIFE IS GOOD ! 
I AM AVAILABLE TO MORE GOOD THAN I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED , REALIZED OR IMAGINED BEFORE IN MY LIFE ! :) 
Getting a bunch of moving boxes Sunday morning ! The packing BEGINS ! I found the next most amazing place in Los Feliz actually , very close to Griffith Park - W/parking AND trees outside my windows ! Yay ! I am taking my life to a whole new level ! Everything is emerging & unfolding & revealing itself to me with Divine Timing and aligning . I accept the responsibility that comes with Living my < PROPFEMALE > full out ! Let's GO ! 
I SEE THE TRUTH IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS TRUTH . I SEE THE BEAUTY IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS BEAUTY . I SEE THE LOVE IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS LOVE . I SEE THE BLISS IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS BLISS . I SEE THE PERFECTION IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS PERFECTION . I SEE THE PEACE IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS PEACE . 
MOVING DAY is This Sunday ... It's Official !!! Just reserved my U-Haul truck ! SO EXCITED !! Now .... to find out who my real friends are .... those who help you move !! haha ;) Kidding ! ( kind of ) haha ! ;-p Life is Good !! 
A Magical week , Full of Miracles ... last week of classes before finals next week ... moving on Sunday ... working everyday , rehearsing everyday , packing my life into boxes everyday till it's done ! Amazing friends and their gifts showing up and coming through just when I need them to ! I LOVE YOU ! And THANK YOU ! 
Does anyone know of any full < PROPFEMALE > meditations going on ? Full < PROPFEMALE > is on Friday . I used to go to them at < PROPFEMALE > Bridge , but they are not the same anymore .... I like more of a meditation and not so much a class .... any ideas are appreciated ! Maybe starting our own ??? Thanks ! & hearts ; 
“Between stimulus and response there is a space . In that space is our power to choose our response . In our response lies our growth and our freedom” ~ < PROPFIRST > Frankl ~ 
I am NOW starting to pack up my whole apartment & I will probably be up all night . Wish me luck ! I am moving TOMORROW so I can't stop till everything is boxed up ! If you're available for a couple hours tmrw from around 10:30 am - 12:30 pm I would LOVE some extra hands b/c I can't really < PROPFEMALE > anything heavy right now b/c my back , & the more people helping the quicker it will go & the less everyone will have to do ! :) 
It's 2am .... I am still packingggggg ..... I just walked into a box because I blinked and my eyes stayed closed ! haha ..... wow . a couple more hours at most and I'll be done ! I am going to need a massage when this is over ! 
3 hours of sleep ...... I see a long nap coming this afternoon ..... :)))))) 
MY Heros Today : < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum , < PROPFIRST > Canadian Durack , Ofir Nadav , My Dad ! The people who showed up & were amazing in getting me moved today ! I COULD NOT have done it w/o any of you ! You have all Saved my Life ! Not only will I be rewarding you soon w/delicious vegan cookies but know that when u give , it comes back to u 10fold . So you have many blessings coming your way ! & hearts ; 
1st dress rehearsal for finals today .... again tomorrow and performing on Thursday .... Yes ! I AM FILLED WITH ENDLESS ENERGY this week !! 
I wish my smile was your favourite kind of smile ... I wish the way that I dressed was your favourite kind of style ... I wish that you knew when I said two sugars ... actually I meant three ... :) 
Finals Tomorrow ! So excited ! SO exhausted ! So energized ! So ready ! I was so hungry and now I'm so full and am so passing out ... sleep sleep sleep .... I love sleep ! :) hehe I can't wait to get organized ... it's been insane in the mornings when every single thing I need is in a different box ..... somewhere !! Love to you all !! xxx 
People Love to say YES to me . :) 
I need my back massaged ... it hurts so much today ... :( getting some acupuncture tomorrow morning .... Reminding myself that everything I need shows up exactly when I need it .... pain is an opinion and a temporary experience ... and only exists to teach us something about ourselves ... don't resist .... Listen and Love . 
Acupuncture this morning .... getting my new apartment organized ... getting things done .... working .... and resting when I can .... I am committed to taking such good care of my body/mind/spirit that it is all working in alignment with the divine perfection that exists within every cell and breath of my body . Take that deep breath here .......... & hearts ; 
Ask yourself ... are you believing your thoughts .... and if you are : Is it true ? Can you absolutely know it's true ? How would you react , and what happens when you believe that thought ? Who would you be without that thought ? Then , turn it around - Create the opposite of what you were presently believing . And really start to ask yourself ... what is the cost of me believing this thought ? - Excerpts from < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
MY Word Creates my World . The Truth of this actually makes me laugh it happens to me so often ! Everything I need , when I need it , in the most perfect way always shows up for me . It's AMAZING ! :) And why ..... because I SAID SO ! ( and truly believed it , and didn't have any doubt or fear attached to it ) Life is Good ! Goodnight Loves . :) 
Sleeepy .... busy busy .... someone come and organize my place for me please , k , thanks ! ;) More body work tomorrow from my lovely < PROPFEMALE > and more acupuncture on Wednesday and even more exciting things coming this Friday ... stay tuned ... :) 
working working working ..... life is so good .... looking out onto the ocean in < PROPFEMALE > Monica ... the beauty of the ocean and nature silences me .... just grateful to be Alive . 
Acupuncture ........ INtense ! Every cell in my body is remembering it's perfection and wholeness and radiating health is manifesting in me from the inside out ! And So It Is ! 
Does anyone have a cute red clutch purse I can borrow for a shoot this Friday ? I would really greatly appreciate it ! THANK YOU ! 
Filming at Hollywood & Highland tomorrow at the Renaissance Hotel a spot for RUSK hair company doing a promo for Sex in the City 2 hosted by < PROPFEMALE > O'dell airing on the TV Guide Channel ! FUN ! I just had my hair cut and colored today to look like Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw ! ( so for the next less than 24 hours I have dark auburn hair ! ( It's going back to normal after the shoot thank GOD ! ) Tomorrow is going to be a blast ! 
My fabulous ( but temporary - going back to my natural blonde tomorrow ! ) < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw ( Sex in the City ) inspired look will be debut on SUNDAY at 6:00 PM on \The Fashion Team\ " on the TV Guide Channel - hosted by < PROPFIRST > ZARIAN ( FAN < PROPFEMALE > ) and guest host < PROPFEMALE > O'Dell . Color and style lead by the genius RUSK stylist Naz Kupelian and Jenwa ! :) " 
There is nothing you need , it is all inside of you . Everything your heart and soul are longing for .... the presence of what you're longing for is evidence of it's presence in you already ! Know this . Breathe deeply into your Truth . Know that LOVE is at the Source of ALL things and ALL Beings . Find the Gratitude and you will find the Love . -- that's all for tonight ! Sweet Radiant Dreams Lovely Beings ! 
\Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least . \ " ~ Johann < PROPMALE > Goethe ~ " 
I AM ABUNDANCE . ( and ) You attract what you are and not what you want . Therefore , I AM ABUNDANCE . ( and ) That is all there is to it . 
There will come a day ... and there will come a time .... the time has come ..... the time is NOW ..... when I will stand up .... walk straight ahead ..... into my kitchen ..... and stick my head in the freezer !! hahaha ... but seriously ..... I am not designed for hot weather !! ;-) 
OK Facebook Friends , Check it out ! I am committed to making $60 a day , every day for the next 14 Days ... and I need YOUR help ! I AM available to do ( almost ) anything ! JUST ASK !! Let's help each other out so we can have ALL of our needs met ! THANK YOU SO MUCH !! & hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is driving to OC to see my mechanic ... give my car some love . :) All is well . I hope to be back in LA later tonight though , we'll see ! 
Driving back home to LA soon ......... there's no place like home ..... :) 
I Love Being in my Home . & hearts ; 
AGAPE with my Dad today for Father's Day ..... Yayyy !! :))) 
I'm changing the world ..... just sayin ' ... ;) 
\The difference between a Flower and a Weed is a Judgment . \ " ~ Author Unknown ~ " 
For 16 minute intervals Speak ONLY that which is Real , TRUE , Authentic . Your surface mind is going to say you're bored , but you're really about to have a Break T H R O U G H to another REALITY . If you can < PROPFEMALE > on and keep your mouth shut and your mind in tact - There WILL BE a Moment of PURE PRESENCE . Be Still and Know that I AM GOD in the midst of YOU . 
Nothing good ever runs out . Energy does not run out . There is an abundance of everything . It's overflowing .... swim in the overflow of good . How would you live if you knew that every time you needed something it was right there ? All your needs are met because all you need is you becoming you ! 
Yes Pandora I am still listening ... I know it's 1:00 am ... my mind apparently wants to take me on trips all over the world tonight ... so keep playing Snatam Kaur , < PROPFEMALE > Das , Deva Premal and the rest ! I surrender to whatever is right now ! ( though I do wish it were sleep ! ) 
On my way to LAX ..... wish I were the one getting on a plane .... but I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > instead this time ..... next time I'm be going to New York .... and after that .... back to London ... :) I'm Nimby < PROPFEMALE > sitting for a week , how lucky am I !!!! :)))))) 
Never trust an artist who says , \I can't ... \"" 
& hearts ; & hearts ; I Love when people say , \ I LOVE AGAPE \ " because I just hear ... \ " I LOVE ( unconditional ) LOVE \ " hehe I LOVE LOVE ! Mmm Hmm ! & hearts ; & hearts ; " 
\Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother . \ " ~ Kahlil Gibran ~ " 
I can feel the full moons energy so potent & penetrating straight to my soul tonight . & the Presence withIN speaking & listening w/such openness & clarity & Love . Radiant Blessings to my sister Caylin < PROPFIRST > who is on a plane in 2 hours to Ethiopia on a Mission of LOVE !. And to my dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Daniels who is allowing Divinity to flow through him & manifest Greatness everywhere he goes . 
The good things that are happening this week are going to be SO good they are going to SHOCK me with their perfection in fulfilling my specific needs ! It's so big and so wonderful and so beyond my imagination right now ... which is why when I SEE it ... I will be Shocked with Goodness ! And I will continue to breathe in Gratitude and Exhale Love .... Gratitude and Love ... that's ALL there is . & hearts ; 
1:22 am ....... I Am Awake ....... I enjoy the silence ........ the stillness ....... my awareness of energy .......... the vivacious stillness of energy ......... breathing me ...... Breathe ......... 
You are Beauty Full ! This is True , Thank You ! :) 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum needs some car assistance fm a CarGeniusPerson . If thats u , or some1 u know , PLEASE contact her . THANKYOU !. \My car wont start . My assumption is it has something 2do w/not having my oil changed in goodness knows how long . Sludge . Does NE1 have the skills/friends w/skills 2do an oil change(in my garage)&examine/fix my car ? I will pay u/whoever helps me out . Let me know/Pass the word along ! \"" 
ONE God . ONE Power . ONE Presence . ONE Love . 
My God I have AMA ZING , BEAUTY FULL , EXTRA-ORDINARY , EXQUISITELY LOVELY People in My LIFE ! I Am SO Blessed I can believe it ! It is so fathomable and believable the GREATNESS and GOODNESS that emits from ALL of them ! They are Overflowing with LOVE coming from the center of their BEing , and everything they do is FILLED with LOVE because LOVE is who they are ! ( And Who I AM ! ) 
Pray ... Believing that you Have . Starting with Gratitude aligns your mind with what you want by focusing your energy on already having ... versus a perceived lack . There is an Abundance of Everything ... and I Am Grateful that the Universe/God believes in me so much to give me so many lessons to learn and grow from and doesn't stop till I am fully transformed ! What a Blessing ! :) 
We let the L O V E wash overrrrrr us ..... we let ..... we let ..... It BE ....!! We let the PEACE wash over us ..... we let ..... we let .... It BE !! We let the JOY .... wash overrrrrr us ..... we let ....... we let ..... It BEEEEEE !!!! We let the LOVE wash overrrrr us ! We lettttttttttt .... we lettttttt .... it beeeeeeeee !! & hearts ; And so it is ! & hearts ; 
Hey guys . I've changed my e-mail . I will send out an e-mail to you if I have yours , but if you can update your address book/contact list to AvaVioletteLaurel@gmail.com Thank you so much ! :) ( P.S. - I am only doing this because I was being massively spammed from an unassuming source I signed up for online , so be careful where you give your e-mail even if you think it's safe ! ) Thanks ! & hearts ; 
You are Truth . You are Love . You are Bliss . You are Freedom . ~ Osho ~ 
Doing laundry at midnight at my mom's ..... just tucked my doggie and < PROPFEMALE > to bed .... and I should be doing the same with myself in an hour or so ! Coming back home tomorrow . Home sweet Home .... I & hearts ; LA . :) 
Driving home now ...... going to watch Agape Live Streaming in a couple hours .... then get back to work work work .... I am so Blessed with work opportunities !! Loveeeee to you all !! & hearts ; 
I bowed my head to God , & God took all of me . Every imperfection-God took all of me . And everyday God lives & breathes through me . Looking in the mirror : I Love you Sweet God . Oh my Beloved , Kindness of the Heart , Breath of Life-I bow to You . Divine Teacher , Beloved Friend . I bow to you again & again . Lotus sitting on the water beyond time & space . This is Your rain . This is Your grace . 
2:22 
I'm teaching/training myself to be ambidextrous on the computer especially on this laptop ... it's fun ! 
& hearts ; 11:22 & hearts ; 
So I just found out the real deal about GT's Synergy Kombucha which has been off the shelfs at fine health food stores around LA for weeks now ... WELL ... kombucha is a fermented beverage which is why it has all the probiotics and active enzymes etc , but \APPARENTLY\ " it had a higher alcohol content than the stated label \ " Less than 0.5% \ " ... Now it ALL makes sense to me ! hahaha ! " 
I have no earthly idea ..... because I AM A DIVINE Idea . YES . :) 
Did you know , 1 out of 4 Americans has appeared on TV ! Are you one of the four ? What is your story ??!! 
So , my actual birthday is in a week ...... July 16th ...... whatever shall I do to celebrate ?? :) This weekend I am celebrating by going to a two day meditation retreat .... I am SO looking forward to it .... and I am SO getting up at 5am tomorrow to drive there ! How blissful it is going to be !! I Am Ready ! 
Celibacy is when you are not craving for that suppressed half that exists inside of you . When you are not seeking anything/anyone out because you do not need it to be fulfilled . 
Fearlessness is the courage to face your fears , without fear . 
I am not designed for this heat . I need A/C in my apartment ASAP ... oh dear me ... :( 
I Seriously have Thee MOST Amazing FRIENDS ! Yes , better than yours ! haha just kidding ! But mine are eSPECIALly Wonder Full ! ! ! ! I am really humbled by their authentic and sincere kindness , open heartedness and willingness to show up when I really need friends ! You guys really are my Family too , and I AM SO GRATEFUL !! Light , Love & Laughter to YOU - You know who YOU are ! ;) & hearts ; 
I AM Seeing myself w/newborn Awareness & seeing the world through a vast camera lens . I AM Gentle & Loving-can Choose not to react-on this Awakening , Spiritual Cleanse . I AM breathing IN a new atmosphere-though the air for it seems sparse here-but I can create it-by breathing deeply w/the Divinity withIn me . I AM transcending my mind to Be Free . Every day I will ALLOW this to Be . It is so Wonderful just to Breathe . 
I LOVEEEEEEEEE < PROPFIRST > Lupei for buying me a Birthday ticket to see ALANIS MORISSETTE at AGAPE on August 7th ! I have been in love with her since she first ever came out and she is still to date my favoritest everrrr ! I am SO EXCITED !!! 
\The world's most untapped resource is Intuition ... just like the world's most endangered species is enlightened beings . \ " - Nithyananda ( Is it just me or does he have a British sense of humor .... dry and witty ! ) :) " 
When you are experiencing REAL LOVE no other emotion can exist . REAL LOVE is not dependent , it is unconditional , without expectations . It is acceptance , compassion , genuine and unlimited . A tremendous intelligence comes with REAL LOVE . If you Drop the Attention Need and Drop the Mind - you will EXPERIENCE REAL LOVE . Do things out of Positive , Energizing LOVE . Breathe LOVE . BE Love . 
I more I LOVE the more FREE I become . 
VEGAN CAKE at AGAPE for Rev . < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday !!!! Why am I home working and listening live and not there ?! That'll teach me !! :( Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Beckwith ! So grateful for You ! 
Let Gratitude BEcome your Prayer , and your BEING will BEcome BLISS . :) 
It's IMPOSSIBLE to FAIL at Your < PROPFEMALE > . - Me :) 
Don't worry about the pain ... Your Courage to Experiment with the TRUTH Will LIBERATE you . ( That is Enough ) 
My Dad brought me an Air Conditioner ..... he wins today for my favorite person !!! 
Everything is Perfect . Even if you are not experiencing it as such . Everything is Perfect . Think about it . Don't think about it . It just is . And it's really a Beautiful thing to realize ... breathe into it ... know it ... it Is TRUE . 
Emotional/mental distress connected to an event in your life is just an experience that we create as we want , and how we label that experience is a judgement , and when you choose a certain judgement on your experience , you are adding suffering to your own experience that doesn't need to be there . 
Trust - Allow - Surrender - Awaken - In 
Sitting in my parked car on facebook in my parking garage spot with the engine running and my battery charging ! I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum for always showing up when I need her ! She is kind of ridiculously amazing !! 
REPOST FROM : Gurmukh Khalsa : We are looking for a referral to a clinical psychologist who specializes in adolescent eating disorders who is located in or near Tokyo , Japan , who can help a 12-year-old , non-English-speaking Japanese girl who is severely anorexic . Please email me if you have any information . Thank you and God Bless . 
\ If you are Resisting - it is called Crisis . --- If you are Tolerating - it is called Incident . --- If you are Accepting - it is called Benefit . --- If you are Compassionate - it is called Enlightenment . \ " - Paramahamsa Nithyananda " 
\The human brain is wired for enlightenment . The human body is designed to experience expanded consciousness . Only a person who brings all the possibilities of life into living reality 
Today was an Exceptionally Amazing Day . Everyday I Am Alive and Breathing in My body with a Clear Conscious Mind and Open Heart to Create Beauty in the World is a Gift ... but right Now ... I feel a very Deep Peace at my core ... and Overflowing Love and Gratitude for the Experience of Being Alive . I don't think it gets much better than this . & hearts ; 
( via < PROPFEMALE > Sedgwick ) : If you are unwilling to Perceive Unconditional Love and Support , how can you Possibly Receive Unconditional Love and Support ? & hearts ; 
I want to be a Beacon of Light and Truth to Illuminate your Path towards Living your Fullest Potential and Really Taking Ownership of the Gift of Divinity that you Are Here to express in the World ! And every Meditation and Surrendering of my Spirit and Soul are Leading me Towards that Fulfillment . I Am Grateful for This Experience of Passion , Clarity and Joy to Serve All people with Truth . 
Please .... swallow your Pride if I have Things you Need to borrow - for , no one can Fill those of your Needs that you won't Let Show . & hearts ; 
I'm changing my vibrational address ... ;) 
Give Yourself Permission to BE where you're AT . Life keeps showing up for me again & again w/opportunities to Surrender Everything & Relinquish my Attachment to any outcome ; but Giving me Confirmation that when I Release it ALL & free fall into the abyss of LOVE the entire Universe is made of - I will be Supported in every perfect way such a perfect Universe of Love could design . THAT is what I AM Choosing Right NOW . 
Stillness + Ecstasy = Unity ( Enlightenment ) 
\The minute you settle for less than you deserve 
If You Have Yourself ... and God ... What More Do You Really Need ? --- Nothing ... Nothing At All . & hearts ; 
& hearts ; I Love You BE Cause I Am LOVE . If Your Very BEing IS Love ... how can you need it from others ? & hearts ; 
PLEASE READ : ( via < PROPFIRST > Skeens & < PROPMALE > Oshana ) My Friend and Roommate < PROPMALE > WILHEM is MISSING . He's in my picture to my left with long hair . If anyone has SEEN or HEARD from him within the LAST 48 hours please Contact me and/or the Police in regards to his whereabouts . His car was impounded in < PROPFEMALE > sometime last night/this morning . PLEASE HOLD HIM IN PRAYERS & HIGH CONSCIOUSNESS . PLEASE REPOST . & hearts ; 
& hearts ; \BE with a BEing who Constantly Reminds you to BE in BEing . \ " ~ Swamiji ~ ( Satsung Discourse ) & hearts ; " 
Six years ago today , I was in an ER where a team of doctors were Saving my Life(again)from the very last time I ever tried to kill myself . I Am Beyond Grateful to my Soul for Being strong enough to withstand my own negative mind & The Grace of God for Allowing me to Live through so much . Now , On THIS day : I Received A Direct Blessing from My Guru to Be in < PROPFEMALE > w/Him this December ! Profound & Deep Gratitude for Everything ! 
Every cell is vibrating gratitude ...... words cannot describe ... & hearts ; 
\When your actions are in alignment with your will - that is Grace . \ " & hearts ; Swamiji " 
I want to Be a Beacon of Light and Truth to Illuminate your Path towards Living your Fullest Potential and Really Taking Ownership of the Gift of Divinity that you Are Here to Express in the World ! And every Meditation & Surrendering of my Spirit and Soul are Leading me Towards that Fulfillment . I Am Grateful for This Experience of Passion , Clarity and Joy to Serve All people with Truth and Love . 
“Nothing Can Make You Suffer , Without Your Silent Permission . ” - Paramahamsa Nithyananda 
We can debate whether or not God exists , but I know Love is Alive . And what is God if not Love ? - ( via my Amazingly Beautiful Friend , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Thank You ! ) & hearts ; 
It feels Incredible to Be Allowing myself to Step into the Truth of who I Am . Just Incredible . Gratitude for my Being . Gratitude for The Cosmic Love Intelligence guiding my every step . Grateful for my Breath and my Body and my Mind AND my willingness to Consciously go Beyond both ! THANK YOU to everyone for their Endless Love & Support ! 
It's Already Done in The Universe ... I just have to continue to Unfold the Perfection and Divine Order . And I Am ! More to Come ... There ARE Miracles Happening every single Moment ... Breathe In ... Gratitude . Breathe Out ... Gratitude . Breathe in ... LOVE ... Breathe Out ... LOVE . That's All . & hearts ; 
Had an INcredible 3 hour conversation today with someone I just met walking on campus ; which left us both feeling completely Fulfilled and Energized and Alive through our Sharing . What a Blessing and Gift it is to Openly and Freely Connect with another Human BEing for no other Reason than to just BE With and BE in Gratitude . :) 
Will somebody bring me an extra computer I can borrow that has speakers/sound that work ? This borrowed laptop I have ... the speakers do not work ... and I want to listen to discourses online ... and I can't . I know .... detach from everything ... but it's been a month or so that I have not had a computer to use with working sound . Just temp till I get my laptop back fixed ! Can anyone make magic like that happen ? :) 
I want ( I Am Choosing to ) to walk in the Light and Love of God constantly , unwavering flowing through my every word and action ... and SHARE it FREELY and COMPLETELY with as many people as I can for the rest of my Life . THAT is Who I AM . That is the Journey I Am Beginning ... My Soul feels in Complete < PROPFEMALE > with the Universal Love Energy ... and it feels really really really really Wonderful ! :) 
VEGAN for 9 Years Today ! Wooohoooo It Feels So Good !! Easily , One of the Best Decisions that I ever made ... that ever made me . Eating food from the Earth ... Healthy , Whole , Organic ... will Change your entire Consciousness . ( not to mention the positive global impact ) Choose Food For Life ! Anyway .. Happy Veganniversary to Meeee ! ;) 
I Believe in G O D ... I just spell it N A T U R E . & hearts ; 
To Allow Yourself to BE the LOVE that you Are is such a Gift and a Joy ... to BE able to LOVE .... to Experience ... Share ... and Give Love Unconditionally ... is the most Healing Action for all involved . Love Heals . Allow it . BE it . & hearts ; 
I Am here to do what the world thinks is impossible . Yes . I Am . & hearts ; 
Expect Miracles . :) 
\You are not on a journey of completeness . You are on a journey to unfold that which is already Complete withIN you . \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > Beckwith " 
& hearts ; Give people the FREEDOM to BE who they ARE - and just LOVE them along the way . & hearts ; 
\The Wisdom of God is Foolishness to the World . \"" 
I justtttttt realized that the Spanish to English Translation of the city I Live in is THE HAPPY ! ( Los Feliz ) How did I never realize this before ! This ... makes me HAPPY ! :)))) 
And So It Is . :) 
For those of you confused as to my new friend request thinking I had deleted you ... We Are still friends ! That is an Entirely DIFFERENT < PROPFEMALE > , & if you wouldn't mind taking a look at it for a moment - READING the Status Update & WATCHING the short VIDEO & SPREADING THE WORD ( click SHARE ! ) about what I Am Creating for my Life - I would Very Much APPRECIATE it ! Thank you so much ! New < PROPFEMALE > Here --> < PROPFEMALE > Laurèl 
My whole heart and soul and being are already in < PROPFEMALE > .... and if I close my eyes .... I Am there in my body too ! IT IS Happening ... I know this like I \know\ " few other things in this world . I know why I Am Alive . I Know that I Am Love . I Know God is everywhere and everything and I know that I Am God . AND I Know that I Am going to < PROPFEMALE > so soon !! I might know other things .... but probably not . ;) " 
Everyday I Am Choosing to Live My Dreams-Taking Conscious , Intentional Actions & Allowing it ALL to Unfold-& it is just The Most Indescribable Joy & Bliss I have ever Experienced ! And I Am only Beginning ! The Gratitude I Feel for ALL of Life-Every Unique Being , Every Thing that is in Existence , Existence Itself ! -Every Element , Every Gift of Divinity Expressed that I See-brings me to tears-It's ALL SO Beautiful ! 
How can I serve today sweet Spirit ? How can I serve today oh Lord ? Speak in ways that I will understand . Where you lead me I will follow . Where you lead me I will go . Who needs my Love today sweet Spirit ? Who needs my Love today oh Lord ? Speak in ways that I will understand . Where you lead me I will follow . Where you lead me I will go ..... ( India !! ) :) 
Awake at 5:22 AM - leaving at 6:30 to pick up friend and drive with other friends to the meditation retreat/course this weekend . It is something I deeply choose to share with all of my lovely friends for literally a FREE gift of Freedom in your BEing , Peace , Bliss , Energy , Creative Flow , Letting Go .. I Am not attached to anyone being there , but if youre not there , youre missin ' out . I'm just sayin ' . ;) Blessings ! LOVE ! 
A V A L A U R E L . O R G ~ AvaLaurel . ORG ~ A V A L A U R E L . O R G --- Check It Out -- LISTEN With Your Heart and ALLOW It to Respond -- Then Pass It On ! & hearts ; 
I Am feeling deeply right now ..... we can't be selfish with our knowledge that life is so incredible ... because there are many others who do not know or have this experience of life right now ... and we must go and love them so much that they experience themselves as love ... and radiant that Truth to everyone they know ... that is why we are here . & hearts ; 
An Attitude of Gratitude Gives You More Things to Be Grateful For ! I INVITE All of My Friends for the Next 7 Days to List Here 10 Things that You Are Grateful For ! Are You Excited ??!! I AM !! GRATITUDE IS THE ESSENCE OF GOD . & hearts ; :) 
Spent most of yesterday @ the Nithyananda Vedic < PROPFEMALE > doing Group Meditation , Sharing , Listening , Silent Meditation in the < PROPFEMALE > , Seva , Eating Aaaamazing Indian Food , Watching 2012 Discourse from Swamiji ! Then spent Today @ Agape International Spiritual Center for several hours then home quickly to eat & shower then to Just Sit to Commune with my Spiritual Family . Love & Gratitude .. Humbling & Healing .. That is ALL I can say ! 
It's Raining !!!! Thank GOD !!! Mother Nature says ... Thank You ... I was so dehydrated and thirsty !!! Just like the trees ... we already have Everything we need ... we just have to be in Acceptance that it WILL come when it is supposed to Be there , and it may have no correlation to when \we\ " want it to Be ... but it WILL Be ... because The Universe will constantly seek to Restore it's own Balance . That is Certain . & hearts ; " 
\How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( Thanks Ofir ! ) :) " 
Be Grateful for your bed , your home , your clothes , the food in your kitchen , your friends who will feed you even if you don't have food , the hot running water in your place , your heater , your extra blanket , your umbrella , your health , your job , your family . Because The Truth Is : there are too many that do not have these things & I Am asking that you Bring Gratitude to what you DO Have and you Will Always Have Enough . I Promise . 
Getting all dolled up to go to the 2010 Braveheart Awards Gala ..... what an honor it will be just to be there to honor these incredible Leaders of our day ... I AM SO INSPIRED ! I Am walking in my Truth ... Breathing in Surrender with my Mission of Love on my lips .... God Lead Me where I need to BE ! Gratitude and Love ... that's ALL there is ! & hearts ; to YOU ! 
10:10 on 10 - 10 - 10 !! 
REPOST for < PROPFEMALE > Bakkum ATTN LA Friends -- I'm in need of an electrical tire pump ( for my car tires . ) It has been so long since I've driven it that the front tires ( with slow leaks ) have gone flat . I have to move my car to my new place ( by Thursday . ) -- I'm in need of help . Even sharing helps -- ( Oh and if you could fix a muffler system that's fallen down , that'd be swell too . ) -- Peace & love . 
Blisssssssssssss ! 
& hearts ; Everything Is Happening In Divine Order Every Second ... The Journey just gets Deeper every day I Am taking Conscious Action and I Am feeling the Intensity of My Awareness .... Praying ... Meditating ... Surrendering ... \Use Me Oh God I Stand For You and Here I'll Abide As You . Show Me ... ALL That I Must Do . \ " & hearts ; " 
Thank you to < PROPMALE > Marken and his A-Team for leaving his own Birthday party & Literally pulling me ( My Car ! ) out of a ditch it slid and jumped into in the center divider in Mission Viejo last night at 11pm ! Driving 15 mph in the rain , making a left turn & suddenly ... slip-slide & jump ! Oh man ! In OC still to take my car to my mechanic tomorrow . Good News ... I get to see my Puppy Love !! & hearts ; 
Happy to be back home in Love < PROPFEMALE > . ? Wonderful weekend with Birthday Boy , < PROPMALE > ! And a lovely afternoon with my dear friend Joe ... and this evening will be filled with even more loveliness with more dear friends Gaia and then Zarathustra ! Then < PROPFEMALE > is back from Wisconsin ! Yay ! I Love the People in my Life ! ? 
So Grateful ..... Thank You Infinite Universe and All That There Is - I Love You ! 
\The Absence of Evidence isn't the Evidence of Absence . \ " ~ Rev . < PROPFIRST > Beckwith ~ " 
Feeling the breeze breathe with me .... as I settle into the earth and become one with the trees ..... oh I love streams of poetry ....! & hearts ; 
Be Joy Full & Bring Joy . That's all . :) 
How Grateful I Am that when I Open & Allow ... my mind channels and allows the Universal Energy to Heal my Body ... and all I have to do is say YES and Allow it . What a Miracle of Existence ... a Grandness of which I cannot dignify with mere words ... it is Simply an Experience and Evidence of the Love of God . 
Well I ............ woke up this morning ....... with my mind .......!! & hearts ; 
What is the Human Potential ... and how fully are you Living Yours ? 
I Am SO Grateful for my ever Expanding Spiritual Family ! Thank You for Seeing ME with such Clarity & Openness that I SEE myself Reflected back Radiating my own Divinity ! I Am surrounded by people who are Inspired by my Vision , not only for me but FOR themselves & their own Unfolding of Greatness as we walk this Path towards Creating the world we < PROPFEMALE > to Exist in - One Free Expression of Love at a Time ! 
I Am Creating the Possibility of a CASH Advance from someone I Can WORK FOR this coming week in the Amount of $250 as my CAR was towed this Morning and I already am paying my mechanic $600 for repairs this week . I have to get my car today or it's $37 a day more . PLEASE Contact ME with Opportunities and Possibilities ! Gratitude & Love ! & hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > 
I have THE Most Amazing People in my LIFE !! Wow ! God Bless You ALL !!! 
Putting off washing white yoga clothes when they're all dirty and you have no backups till midnight the night before you need them and waiting for them to dry at 2:20 AM when you have to get up at 6:00 AM is awesomeeee ! I highly recommend it ! hehe Thank God for Deep Sleep ! Just gotta ' get my 2 1/2 hours and I'm set !! ;) 2 Day Meditation Retreat this weekend for the 5th time ... soooooooo goooooood !! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ................... Blisssssssssssssssssssssssss !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all . :) 
& hearts ;\ 
~ & hearts ; ~ & hearts ; ~ I Am in a Sweet L O V E Affair with A L L of\ 
Existence !! Mmmm Hmmm !! ~ & hearts ; ~ & hearts ; ~ & hearts ; 
I enjoy singing Love songs to myself . & hearts ; :) 
Leaders Causing Leaders .... YES !! 
I couldn't ask for more , and yet I Am stepping forward in my Truth to unfold my Great & Divine < PROPFEMALE > and Mission of Love . I Am so Deeply Humbled by Existence in who I Am & who I Get to Be in this life . Gratitude overflows from my Being with such exuberance that I can not even describe it in it's purity . Ecstasy . I Love You Sweet God . Thank You that I Get to BE This Love Energy in the World ! Gratitude & LOVE ! 
& hearts ; 11 : 11 : 11 : 11 & hearts ; 
I coined a word today : \Fashionably Irrational\ " - for example : wearing 4 in stilettos to run errands all day & walking around Ikea for hours because I was working and didn't pack flat shoes ... just two pairs of heels ... because the pants I wanted to wear were so long they \ " needed\ " 4 in heels with them ... therefore my feet and back hurt by the end of the day . Perfect Example of \ " Fashionably Irrational\ " :) " 
I keep going so deeply into Surrender and it's an incredibly vast space of INFINITE Possibilities ... and \I\ " cannot even seem to create anything from that space ... because then it's something \ " I\ " am doing .... and all I can seem to manage right now is just BEING the space to Allow God's Will for my life to unfold ... BEing Completely OPEN and READY to Receive The Divine Order for my Life . That's all . :) " 
I have a body . But I Am not my body . :) 
& hearts ; It's ALL L O V E . Can't you See ? L O V E . Just L & hearts ; & hearts ; K . . . and you Will S E E . . . & hearts ; 
\I don't need to know how far the apple falls from the tree ... the apple's going to fall anyway . \ " ~ Bahramji Anand ~ " 
Thank You for Your Radiance & Divine Light IN My Life & for Guiding Me to higher levels of Consciousness & Beingness that I never knew were Possible for Me . I Feel Your Love so Strongly .. even in these moments of Pure & Deep Surrender .. I Know I AM & Will Always BE Exactly where it is Necessary for Me to BE . Thank You for Your Grace & for Knowing The Truth About Me ... even before I See it . I See it NOW . 
Awareness and Emotion can't happen at the same thing . Think about it . :) 
* V I B R A N T * S T I L L N E S S * 
If you're free tonight ... or even if you're not ... change your plans and come over to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for an AMAZING Healing Workshop by my dear friend ZARATHUSTRA ! Check out the event just below on my wall ... Starts at 7:00 PM . $40 at the door ! & hearts ; 
& hearts ; Right HERE . Right NOW . & hearts ; 
I'm possessed by God . ;) 
GRATITUDE - Let is Breathe You and Move You and Be the Energy Behind Your Eyes and Your Words and Your Actions .... your Everything . Blessings and Love all my Dear Ones ! Thank You ALL for your Presence in my Life . I Am SO Deeply Grateful for each and every Divine Being in my Life ! Love Love Love Love LOVE !!! 
I Gratefully and Gracefully RECEIVE All the Good and Greater Good that is Meant for Me to Receive ... Thank You for the Abundant Blessings that I Am Worthy of . I Know Who I Am and Whose I Am and Rest in the Truth of All that there IS - My Soul Says YES !! Thank YOU ... for opening my eyes to See that I Am what Thou < PROPMALE > , and Thou < PROPMALE > what I Am ... I Am That . And So It IS . & he < PROPMALE > s ; 
& hearts ; Thank You Swamiji . I Love You ! & hearts ; 
& hearts ; Happy Blessed Day of ( re)Birth to My Dear Friend Zarathustra < PROPFIRST > Esfandiary ! ! ! & hearts ; Thank You for Choosing this Life ! You ARE A Radiant Light ! 
The Greatest Gift ... which Gives me SO MUCH Gratitude ... is knowing that in This NOW Moment ... and This Moment ... and this ... That I AM exactly where I Am Supposed to Be ... Fully and Completely . This Awareness & Knowingness Brings me such Peace and opens my Heart that I feel the Infinite LOVE of Existence breathing through my every moment . This is who we are ... and what is AVAilable to us if we just Open & Allow ... 
Gratitude and Love - is ALL there IS . 
It's amazing some days how human I feel ..... but just some days ... ;) 
Oh Wow ..... You look just like God ! :) 
Can anyone recommended an Ayurvedic doctor in the Los < PROPFEMALE > area ? Thank Youuuuu ! ? 
\When you speak ... make a Difference in someone's life . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Fate " 
\CHOICE is a Function of Expanded AWARENESS . \ " ~ Rev . < PROPFIRST > Beckwith ( at Agape last night ) & hearts ; " 
I Choose to < PROPFEMALE > around people who match my vibrational level or seek 2 take me Higher n Consciousness&Love&not w/those who require me 2lower my frequency 2 participate&conversate in the mundane . Conscious Evolution will not happen n the world if we are supporting mediocrity&validating our fears . We need to be a stand 4 our greatness&Be an active participant n the extraordinary genius that is unfolding from each of us ! 
How Can I Be a Blessing Today ? I Want to Be an Answered Prayer Today . Who needs my Love today ? I AM HERE FOR YOU ! & hearts ; :) 
I am looking for a PROFESSIONAL photographer in Los < PROPFEMALE > who HAS A STUDIO and is available to do a half day shoot sometime this weekend with 3 guys . Various looks for promotional stuff . PLEASE E-Mail me if this is you or someone you know . Thanks ! < PROPFEMALE > :) 
When I Am in Gratitude ..... nothing else exists . It's so beautifully expansive an emotion that dissolves everything else ...... there is nothing but the experience of LOVE all around me ... and a deep and overflowing joy for no reason .... Gratitude .... Wow ! 
Everything is Perfect ... even if your perception of it is not as such . Every moment there is A Divine Order ... if you just Surrender to it ... you will see it ... and Miracles will start to happen all over ! Sending all of you so much Love and warm hugs ! Allow yourself to Receive this Love so that you will be reminded of who you are : LOVE ! ? 
\The words \ " if it is\ " infers to \ " possibility\ " There can be no room for possibility in the Absolute thus it must be taken out of the equation . We stand in the awareness that Divine Order is running congruent in every aspect of our lives NOW . \ " ~ Revrend Danni < PROPFEMALE > " 
I love having tea and warm breakfast in the stillness of the morning .... hearing the rain dance across the world .... mmmm ... :) 
\Don't ask yourself what the world needs ; ask yourself what makes you come alive . And then go and do that . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . \ " ~ Harold Whitman ~ " 
\Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage . \ " ~ Lao Tzu ~ " 
\Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as Opening our Hearts . \ " ~ Janice Maeditere " 
I NEEEEEEED to go up to the Mountains and PLAY in the SNOW ... Real Snow ! And REAL SOON !! Soooooooooooo ..... who's Coming ? Who's Going ? Who's Driving ? And When are WE going ?!!??!! Yes !! 
& hearts ; Give LOVE Give your Love Away Give your love away GIVE L O V E Give Love Give your Love Away ! & hearts ; 
Can anyone Recommend some Meditation/yoga Retreat Centers - preferably just outside of LA ... ( away from the hustle and bustle ) . Not a busy yoga studio , but a Sacred and Serene place for a two day Workshop . Any suggestions are appreciated ! Thank you my Loves ! :) 
& hearts ; How Wonder Full It IS to Be AWAKE , AWARE and ALIVE ! ! & hearts ; 
& hearts ; \It is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart . \ " & hearts ;\ 
Intense Shaktipat/Darshan three times in one week ...... really ..... wow ! Enerrrrrgy !!!!!! 
Your SOUL Needs to Know that You Are Supporting it in it's EXPANSION and Growth , Development and Unfolding of it's Divine Purpose by Creating the Conditions of Nourishment and Acknowledgement so that it can Align and Thrive with ALL of Existence ! 
Dissolving IN to Divinity ..... & hearts ; 
All I know is I can FEEL Your Energy .... Melting my Everything .... my Being is Smiling Deeply .... and \I\ " Am Dissolving IN to Bliss .... that's All I know in This moment . :) " 
I spent the last 4 days & nights at an Incredibly Transformational Meditation course at Nithyananda Vedic < PROPFEMALE > streaming live/2 way video conferencing w/Enlightened Master , Paramahamsa Nithyananda . Honestly , nothing in my life has been as Profoundly Awakening of every Divine aspect of my Being as this course was ! Intense BLISS that Literally lifts you off the ground ! ;) 
\I Am not afraid ... I was Born to do This . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > of Arc ~ " 
\Anything which you have the capacity to imagine ... exists . \ " ~ Swami Nithyananda ~ " 
Om < PROPFEMALE > , Om < PROPFEMALE > , Om < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Ommmmmmm . Peace INside my mind , God and only God is moving me . Peace INside my mind , God and only God I live to see . ( BE ! ) Om < PROPFEMALE > , Om < PROPFEMALE > , Om < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Ommmmmmm . 
\Pain pushes ' till the VISION Pulls . \ " ~ Rev . < PROPFIRST > Beckwith ~ " 
The silence and stillness is pulling me back again and again and again . In this space .... all will be revealed . Trust . Unclutch . Surrender . Allow . Become . :) 
Spent 13 hours at Agape today ..... Wow ! I'll be there the rest of the weekend and Monday night as well ! God stuff ! I mean ..... good ... I mean .... Yes , what I said ! Blessings and Love angels ! All I can say is ..... I Am Surrendering and the rest is up to Existence ! I Am an open channel ...... flow through and as me ! :) 
I Am an Infinite Being ! I Am not subject to what the mind Believes ! ( repeat every half an hour until you GET IT ! ) & hearts ; :) 
Getting to Know my Soul .... 
& hearts ; What You Are Seeking ... IS Seeking You . & hearts ; 
\WEALTH is a concept which is trying to take over your life . KNOWLEDGE is a concept which is trying to take over your life . Blessed are those who ALLOW the CONSCIOUSNESS to possess you . \ " - Paramahamsa Nithyananda " 
I'm on Spiritual Cruise Control ! :) 
I Am Fully IN Joying merging myself with the Divinity that is within and Radiating The Presence and The Light as a mirror of Infinity ... oh Spirit speaks such Beauty Full poetry through me !! :) 
\Jump to your feet ! Wave your fists ! Warn the Whole Universe that your & hearts ; Heart & hearts ; can no longer LIVE without REAL L O V E . \ " ~ Hafiz ~ " 
\Let’s all accept responsibility for being the Open Door for a perpetual influx of Divine Love . Let’s all hold the sacred space for Humanity to remember the Oneness of ALL Life . \ " ~ Patricia < PROPFEMALE > Cota-Robles AND SO IT IS ! & hearts ; " 
AWAKE for 21 Hours ...... 17 of which were spent in Devotion , Meditation , Conscious Community and Eternal BLISS ! Ok .... I guess I'll sleep now ;) Om Namah Shivaya ! * C A U S E L E S S * A U S P I C I O U S N E S S * :) 
I LOVE Being AWAKE , AWARE AND ALIVE .... but also .... I AM so wide Awake right now ! It is not even registering that it is almost 4:00 AM !! haha Thank you Cosmic Energy !! Thank you GOD ! Thank you LIFE ! Thank you LOVE ! Thank you BLISS ! 
I AM Receiving . I AM an Opening to RECEIVE ! Thank You God for giving me so many opportunities to Ask & Receive so I can be fully Balanced in both giving and receiving . I Am Grateful to see the Divine Order in ALL things happening and knowing that whatever is occurring is out of Complete Compassion , Love and the Grace of Existence . I AM so Grateful for everything ! SO GRATEFUL !! 
“Let Yourself Be Lived By It” ~ Lao-Tzu 
\I ALREADY AM WHAT I < PROPFEMALE > TO BE ! \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beckwith " 
Conscious Films , Meditation , Satsang , Meditation , Vegan Food , Agape , Dancing till I am sweaty , Laughing till I fall down , enjoying the breeze , IN Joying Everything .... Letting Gratitude fill up my senses and cells .... then maybe sleeping a bit .... what are you doing this weekend ? & hearts ; 
I want to be in < PROPFEMALE > with Swamiji so much it makes me cry . The Gratitude & Love I have for what he has given & shown me about myself-I just want to keep diving into the Truth of who I AM . Liberating my Soul has become my sole commitment ! God , please just take me Home . Home is where the Heart is .. and Swamiji , You Are my Heart ! You are the picture of Divinity I long to Experience every moment in me ! Tat Tvam Asi ! 
& hearts ; Please send Love , Healing Energy and Prayers to my doggie , Amber .... she is sick ... ( soon to be leaving the body - not sure when ... ) She's 15 years old . & hearts ; I am with her all day today in orange county ... and all I Am asking of Existence is for her to not be suffering or in pain through this . Thank you . & hearts ; 
Inhale , and God approaches you . Hold the inhalation , and God remains with you . Exhale , and you approach God . Hold the exhalation , and S U R R E N D E R to God . ~ Krishnamacharya ~ 
When is the < PROPFEMALE > in Los < PROPFEMALE > HIGHEST in the sky ? Can someone please direct me towards this information . Thank youuuuuu ! & hearts ; 
LIVING IN SURRENDER Is Remarkable and makes me feel so very very ALIVE ! Having a Spiritual Solution for everything that happens it exhilarating ! Things become almost immediately experiential even before the intellectual knowledge comes through ... and I Realize , YES ... This Divine Love Intelligence coursing through my cells & being IS Healing Me ... Teaching Me ... Revealing That I AM . Just GRATITUDE & LOVE . 
I noticed earlier today that I had 950 Facebook Friends ... and I thought ... wow .. that's a lot ! Now , I Am home after a Transcendent and Awakening meditation and satsang led by Paramahamsa Nithyananda ( Swamiji ! ) and I see I have 949 Friends .. and I couldn't be more EXCITED ! I Am starting to reach that Annoyingly Uplifting space where people are deleting me ! I Am CLOSE ! 
\You can't be the Light of the World if you can't pay your light bill . \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > Beckwith - THIS IS WHY I Am going to Learn HOW to Generate WEALTH from an Enlightened MASTER so I can Transcend this area of my life which I can say it the only thing that feels heavy on me anymore . I Am excited to LIVE in Wealth Consciousness instead of Poverty Consciousness ! " 
Is anyone in or around the Los Feliz area that would be able to drive me over to Culver City off La Cienega before the 10 fwy ? My car overheated there yesterday , and I need a ride over there where my friend is meeting me ( who lives on the westside ) to get it towed to my mechanic . Please let me know . It's on SMILEY DRIVE !! Blessings and Love ! & hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > 
The Answer and Solution FINALLY Came Through !! I N D I A in 6-8 weeks ! I Am Going for ONE Year ....... It IS Time . Putting in my 30 day notice at my apartment .... Oooooh YES !!!! I Am Committed to BEing a Beneficial PRESENCE on the Planet and Living my LIFE In Service to Humanity through the many ways LOVE will reveal Itself through and AS Me . I Am SO GRATEFUL !! & hearts ; 
ANOTHER A M A Z I N G Meditation and WEALTH Consciousness Workshop this weekend at the Nithyananda Vedic < PROPFEMALE > ! I Am SO Grateful for Paramahamsa Nithyananda , Swamiji's Pure Compassion and Pure Consciousness to Elevate ALL of Humanity Back to our True Nature : Enlightened B L I S S Balls ! Om Nithyanandam ! Om < PROPFEMALE > ! Om Namaste ! Om & hearts ; Om ! 
I SEE THE TRUTH IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS TRUTH . \ 
I SEE THE BEAUTY IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS BEAUTY . \ 
I SEE THE LOVE IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS LOVE . \ 
I SEE THE BLISS IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS BLISS . \ 
I SEE THE PERFECTION IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS PERFECTION . \ 
I SEE THE PEACE IN ALL , AND ALL I SEE IS PEACE . 
\Just Continuously Visualize that you are Inhaling and Exhaling B L I S S and LIGHT . \ " ? - from \ " Living Enlightenment\ " by : Paramahamsa Nithyananda\ 
One month ago today my sweet soul mate angel puppy left her body . It's interesting to observe my levels of attachment & non-attachment to her physical body . I mean , she was so very snuggley ! But her transition gave me the profound EXPERIENCE of what I have Intellectually known for so long-that the SOUL is ETERNAL-because I felt her Soul leave her body , & it immediately merged into my heart center with mine . & hearts ; 
& hearts ; It Feels SO Exquisite to BE AwakeINg and Listening to The Divine ALL the time ! I Am SO Grateful for all of the Souls in my Spiritual Family who Support me with SO much LOVE and Affirmations of TRUTH . I See You too ! We're ALL in this Together ! ~ \AWAKENED Consciousness A L L O W S you to LIVE at the Level of SURRENDER . \ " ~ Rev . < PROPFIRST > B . Beckwith & hearts ; " 
Money is NOT my SOURCE . And I Am not saying that because I have none !! hahahaha !!! Whether I have it or not .... GOD is my Source .... and if Money comes .... it's because I've Tapped the Infinite SOURCE withIN Me ! 
Sending my LOVE to my Agape Family ... I Am being led to stay home tonight and not drive anywhere .... Spirit always knows best .... and I Surrender my \I\ " deas about how it \ " should\ " be ... and bask in the Perfection and Divine Alignment of Existence and this Friendly Universe working on my behalf for the unfolding of my Soul's < PROPFEMALE > . It's ALL Here ... we just have to LISTEN & ALLOW . And so it IS . And so I AM . " 
I Am sending my LOVE to my Agape Family . I Am being led to stay home tonight and not drive my car anywhere . Spirit always knows best ... and when Living in Surrender , I just Listen and Allow ... then bask in the Divine Perfection and Order of this Friendly Universe that is conspiring on my behalf for the unfolding of my Soul's < PROPFEMALE > . How Grateful I Am to Know and Live this . And So It IS . 
I have a reservation for a U-Haul truck & my storage unit ready to go & piles & boxes of things I'm getting rid of too ! Moving Day Round 1 This Saturday ! Yay !! Yard Sale Next Saturday ... which will be be my last day in my apartment ! Countdown to I N D I A ! ( P.S. Anyone want to help us move Saturday morning starting at 8:00 AM contact me ... Strengthen your nervous system by lifting boxes for better HEALTH ! ) ;) 
Haven't been to sleep yet , and we're picking up the U-Haul truck at 7am and the MOVE ensues ! Thank you Cosmic Energy and Mother Shakti for the Infinite Energy to get everything done !!! & hearts ; 
My Deepest Gratitude to my Dear Friends : Alisha Bakkum , Ofir Nadav , & < PROPFIRST > Canadian Durack for helping me move yesterday ! The same people who helped me move INTO this apartment 1 year ago ! Truly AMAZING Souls ! & last minute packing at 3AM while eating Vegan brownies w/veganorganic vanilla ice cream & homemade chai ... blasting WAH ! Always an Amazing time with these Light Beings ! 
I Learn AS I Speak . ( As I Am BEing Spoken Through ) :) 
