Working is just as fun as getting drunk on new years right ....? 

I feel like \smamered\ " should be a part of my phone's vocabulary . " 
already lovin this 3 day weekend 
One last < PROPMALE > to reverse this curse , you stole my heart but i had it first 
good thing facebook comes with a delete button for people who like to put mean comments on pics . it should be followed right after by a delete this retard from your friends button 
my mom definitely gave away my awesome < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and bought a little yorky that likes to hump his toys 
Am I suppose to be happy , when all I ever wanted comes with a price 
That'll be the day when the sun falls down , the angels may weep but I hear no sound 
Yay for super painting time :D 
Some say I only think in the form of crunching < PROPFIRST > 
I can't control how I feel ... FML 
THIS WILD STALION WONT BE TAMED !!! 
It seems to me like all my good days start out bad and all my bad days start out good 
Don't give a shit mode engaged 
Hell or < PROPFEMALE > , I don't want anything in between . 
Is a romanitic , and quite possibly hopeless 
Says you catch more flys with sexy 
Say my name and his in the same breath , I dare you to say they taste the same . 
I'm S.T.U.P.I.D. Super Terriffic , Ultra Perfect , Irresistably Desirable 
Mmm scrambled eggs and salami :D 
Sometimes good dreams become bad when you wake up 
Knows your out there somewhere , but has no idea where 
Plan master . I make it happen :D 
Just take my hand and break my heart tonight . 
Looks like my curse got the best of me again 
I don't think Europe is ready for me 
Totally chillin in Spain right now 
Adventure Rota Part 2 : Drunk in Spain 
i used to waste my time on dreaming of being alive ;\ 
now i only waste it dreaming of you 
Every once and a while im reminded why its so hard for me to let my gaurd down 
Dont say anything unless you mean it , because i will belive you\ 
I've crossed that line already , but this time im not looking back . 
All because of you , I believe in angels 
Believe , that your always on my mind 
Man its been a super rough day .. but its all good now =) 
Like a bad < PROPFEMALE > , I'm falling faster down to her 
Every < PROPFEMALE > that i see is brighter than the last 
maybe you're goin to be the one that saves me 
without you , there is nothing to to hold on to\ 
and the mourning wont come , without you 
I've got a date with the stars and the most amazing girl tonight =) 
I didnt have a real idea of what happiness was , untill i met you 
I'm hopelessly hopeful 
Every dream draws me closer to you . 
misses his gorgeous girlfriend 
It always seems that when im laying in bed , about to fall asleep , is when i miss you the most . 
dont worry babe , im not like them , i wont buy in 
Im falling into words i never knew\ 
But its my heart and it feels new 
I dont think the world is ready for the two of us , \ 
but its goin to have to deal with it . 
Zombie mode is over\ 
Back to super happy =) \ 
Miss ya babe 
I wanna scream i love you from the top of my lungs 
When im not with you , my heart goes to bed 
If my heart could talk , it would say \I want Jessie !... also like oxegen so i can keep you alive and stuff ... But mostly Jessie !! \"" 
Has been really jealous of a certain pillow lately . 
One month ago today , you made me the happiest boy on earth . 
dreams of waking up ... next to her 
has a sudden craving for strawberries . 
You can only balme your problems on the world for so long , \ 
before it all becomes the same old song . 
Seasons are changing and waves are crashing and stars are falling all for us . 
Like a bad < PROPFEMALE > , I'm falling faster down to her . 
There are no raindrops on roses or girls in white dresses . 
Long live the car crash hearts . 
Oh baby , when they made me , they broke the mold . 
Tonight I'm weak . It's just another day without you and i can't sleep . 
Behind every < PROPFEMALE > misery lies in waiting\ 
Every broken heart begins with a story of love at it's best\ 
This fire inside is steadily fading\ 
Until finally our dreams are laid to rest 
it's incredible how much better you feel when you stop giving a fuck 
Ok , have it you're way . I'm done caring . 
Try as i might , i still care . And that makes it hurt all the more . 
I was never gone ; I never left ; I'm always here for you 
and now you wish that you meant something to somebody else 
< PROPFEMALE > crap where did my heart go ??!! Oh yea , I left it in florida . 
Oh ! Hey there happiness . I didn't know you where in there still . \ 
Love ya babe 
Coffee stomps the crap out of sleepiness . It rules . 
My knee needs to stop hurting before I roundhouse it's punk ass . 
Norway sucked the life outa my bank account ... so much fun though 
I'm addicted to the way I feel when I think about you , 
I'm a stitch away from making it , and a scar away from falling apart . 
I'm goin to train a bear to use a radio , thus making it perfectly qaulified to stand this watch for me . 
I wanna kiss you every minute , every hour , every day =D 
Really wishes the internet would be more supportive 
Double Stun Mode 
Without you there's no reason for my story , and when I'm with you I can always act the same . 
Please don't tell me that I'm dreaming , when all I ever wanted was to dream another sunset with you . 
Without you , without you there is nothing to hold on to\ 
\ 
And the morning won't come without you 
I'm the happiest zombie ever =D 
Today is the day for tomorrow and them some . We could keep this part goin for the rest of our lives . 
There's room for two six feet under the stars . 
New appartment mode :D 
Beer , chicken on my new gorge foreman , and dancing around to fall out boy = happiness =) 
Steak , potatos , corona and Escape the Fate . 
My foot is a zombie ! =O 
I refuse to kill spiders that wander into my house . I just relocate them outside . 
Yay for paying bills :D .... wait ... =/ 
has found his new favorite beer . 
< PROPFEMALE > shit this movie is epic ! =O 
Yay work tomorrow !! \ 
In an unrelated note , I wish there was a way to better convey sarcasm on the internet . 
Sleepy time . Also , super trippy futon induced dreams time . 
Nom Nom ... subway :D 
This band is like crack for my ears :D 
Is there anything that music can't make better ? If so , I haven't found it yet . 
ok i guess I'll bite . Ask me any question in a message and ill post the answer as my status . 
Q : What are you doing in you profile picture ? \ 
A : Looking through a spyglass in Spain ... DUH ! 
Q : Am I really one of your best friends ? \ 
A : Yes , but only if you promise to not ask me any more dumb questions . 
I would say man up , but you're a girl . Wait , you're a lesbian .... SO MAN UP ! 
I love it when a good plan comes together ... then that plans falls through and you're back to square one . 
Lynch's! 
\I'm eating these Cheerios 
FML , here it goes again . 
almost set off the smoke alarm while making top ramen ... I wish i was kidding lol . 
Nachos in the oven take FOREVER ! I need a microwave lol 
Most fattening dinner I've ever made ? Most likely . 
Shit , I forgot that's the burner with food stuck to it !! 
GO SAINTS ! 
I'm sorry light beer , we just aren't friends anymore . 
Chicken , potatoes , beer , and Escape the Fate =) 
\Dude this chick totally wants my dick\ " .... oh there is no end the clever and interesting conversations with my sailor friends " 
Takin out < PROPFEMALE > , one bar at a time . 
Somehow I feel like the fun I had in < PROPFEMALE > will < PROPFEMALE > through when I get back to jax . 
Back in open waters ... yay ? 
Really hates being stuck with just email ... it feels like deployment all over again . 
\My heart is a sprinter but my mind is a jogger\ " - someone awesome . " 
Omg it feels so good to be back ... even if only for a day 
It's Beer O'clock :D 
Reason #27 to love being a guy : Having other options when the water is out and you can't use the toilet . 
Sometimes I wish I had cheaper taste in beer because it would be way less expensive to stock my fridge with < PROPMALE > light . 
Hyped on redbull ... check\ 
A bit of pre-gaming ... check\ 
Write a quick post about the awesome night that's about to ensue ... CHECK\ 
Ok it's go time 
I think my beer goggles are kickin in 
I'm pretty much in fuck off mode 
Every cell phone commercial talks about being better than the Iphone\ 
While Iphone commercials just say they ARE an Iphone . \ 
Proof of Iphone's greatness ?? I think so . 
I almost just spit < PROPFEMALE > EVERYWHERE ! :D 
People say live like there's no tomorrow . \ 
I say live like there's no yesterday . 
Just had a coffegasm :O 
I just heard a commercial say \gooder \"..." 
Hmm , well I guess that's why my washer was free lol 
WTF are these clothes EVER goin to dry ?? 
My sternum needs to stop hurting so I can get a good night sleep . 
Found my new car :D 
Is now the proud owner of an 07 Jeep Wrangler 
Lynch's tonight 
... i just got a random phone call from guam 
Hmm .... the more I drink , the faster my beers empty 
For all those who don't feel like being lame tonight ... Come to Jax beach 
I'm updating my status 
< PROPFEMALE > SHIT !! New tosh . o tonight ..... I'm SOOO excited 
We can ride out in the darkness , chasing the risin sun 
It should be illegal for commercials to use the same text message tone as me . 
So far my bike has only served one purpose , taking my hungover ass to my jeep when I leave it places . 
WTF is that noise ..... my washer is spinning !! :D 
I have no idea what I would do without music . Especially on days like this . 
Take it easy senorita ;\ 
Sayonara , nice to meet ya . 
Fill up your world before it’s gone ;\ 
Turn up the volume on your favorite song ;\ 
Add some love and add some laughter , \ 
Cuz we’re all racing towards disaster . 
Sweet jesus im so hungover 
Maverick's tonight 
Showering inebriated is dangerous . 
Starting at Lynch's tonight 
You know it's goin to be a kick ass sunday when you're rockin in your headphones riding your longboard to the liquor store . 
Icing my foot , drinkin beer , and watching cartoons . 
Does a pillow case filled with sweatpants and towell count as a pillow . 
Hahaha . My taxi got in an accident . 
Beaches tonight . Flip me a text if your interested . 
The Expendables show last night was amazing . Still crazy sore cuz people in Jacksonville don\t know how to skank to reggee . " 
Sneakers tonight for the fight 
If my jeep didn't want me to 80 with the top down , the top wouldnt come off and I wouldnt have a 6th gear . 
Can I call this \jerked\ " chicken if I just put ALOT of pepper on it ? " 
And someday we'll agree\ 
That I was always meant for you\ 
And you were always meant for me 
Streelight Manifesto Friday night .... sooo damn excited 
Loves how The Daily Show hypocrisy powns everyone 
when they come for me ill be sitting at my desk wearing a bullet proof vest singing my my my how the time must fly when you know your goin to die by the end of the night 
Streetlight Manifesto TONIGHT !! < PROPFEMALE > stoked . 
I wasn't the first person to crowd surf last night ..... but i was the first to get kicked out for it lol 
People are dicks and there's nothing you can do except keep on walking 
Finally cleaning up my place ... and boy did it need it . 
That was the most depressing episode of scrubs ever ... =/ 
If I would have known how long it takes to bake a potato , I probably would have started about an hour earlier . 
is San < PROPMALE > bound 
This week went from good to great real quick . 
Stay classy San < PROPMALE > ; I'll be back soon . 
