snow day monday ? kinda hoping for one . 

Avatar was amazing 
Just got back from boating with family at Long Lake , and going to Moomer's . 
i hate sun burns ... 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens , but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . ~ Helen Keller 
grace is sad- cuddles died . 
\There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will . \ " ~ Epictetus " 
just got back from Canada , so glad to be home ! It's been a hard two weeks because of the mission trip and Canada back-to-back ... But worth the stress . 
is happy , my favorite song is playing on the radio !! 
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe . It is not enough that a thing be possible for it to be believed . - Voltaire 
\There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will . \ " ~~~ Epictetus " 
\A heart is not judged by how much you love ; but by how much you are loved by others . \"" 
Have you met my friend < PROPMALE > ? He's a computer hacker . He helped me erase your MySpace < PROPFEMALE > , and your band's MySpace < PROPFEMALE > , and your FaceBook < PROPFEMALE > . Happy networking asshole ! 
< PROPFEMALE > garden for lunch ! 
Dance as though no one is watching . Love as though you've never been hurt . Sing as though no one can hear you . Live as though heaven is on earth . ~ ~ Souza 
Just got back from the high school ... My school picture is better than i thought it would be , which is good i guess ... 
bored , so i'm gonna log off and watch < PROPFEMALE > on Hulu 
schedule : 1st Hour : Env Chem A , 2nd Hour : Geometry B loop , 3rd Hour : World HIstory/Geo B Loop , 4th Hour : Phys . Outdoor < PROPMALE > , 5th Hour : English 10 B Loop , Seminar with Rosenburg 
changed schedule ! yay ! now i don't have gym ! 
Grace is going parasailing today ... she's been waiting all summer , so she is pretty excited . 
1 . Looking for a fish tank . 2 . Anyone else invited by People to People ? Me and < PROPFEMALE > both are . 
SCHOOL !!! and after that horses !! < PROPFEMALE > , i am wearing the outfit !! Have a good first day everybody !! :) 
2nd hour lunch anybody ? 
a little excited for school tomorrow , wondering if i could have accidentally gotten high at < PROPFEMALE>'s and not known it ... 
put two good songs from Watchmen on my ipod yesterday ... 
Judo this morning . 
next , face painting ! busy day ! 
really sore from Judo yesterday . 
horses tomorrow :) 
I hate homework . it's a waste of my time . 
Judo tomorrow ! 
fire and chocolate chip cookies . and mom is annoying me . 
Watching ' An American Werewolf in London ' with < PROPFEMALE > and Dad . 
Watching Bones with Mom , < PROPFEMALE > and Grace . Pretty funny :) 
Grand Rapids with Mom :D 
just watched Owl City music video with mom , < PROPFEMALE > and grace :) 
Leave my door open just a crack . ( Please take me away from here . ) Cause I feel like such an insomniac . ( Please take me away from here . ) Why do I tire of counting sheep ? ( Please take me away from here . ) When I'm far too tired to fall asleep To ten million fireflies . 
mad that horseback was cancled today , hopefully the weather for thursday is better . I'm going to be really mad if it's cancled twice in one week ... 
are any other < PROPMALE > students going to or thinking about going to Chicago ? 
Bones 
Doll house !! Faith looks a lot different :) 
I wish i had more time to do what i want on weekends . Never enough time ! Why can't I do what I want to all the time ? 
I hate homework , and computers . I just finished typing something , and before i could save it , the program unexpectedly quite . I'm dumb for not saving it as i went ! At least I'm almost done , and after this i get to watch ' < PROPFIRST > Darko ' 
homework is done :) now i'm watching \Donnie Darko \"" 
is disappointed in the movie i'm watching . i thought it was going to be scary . 
school . horseback tomorrow and friday , then show on saterday . hopefully the weather isn't crappy for any of the days . 
horseback tomorrow . hopefully the weather is better . same for friday . show on saturday . 
rain sucks . 
i hope there is no rain tomorrow . 
really tired . 
< PROPFIRST > of Arabia is a stupid movie . 
i hate that tomorrow is twin day . I get to be one every day , and it isn't all it's cracked up to be . I've been explaining that to people all week . YOU AREN'T COOL ENOUGH TO BE A TWIN ! SO GET OVER IT ! DRESSING ALIKE ISN'T \TWINY\ " ( at least not for sane twins) !!!! TWIN DAY IS A FAILER !!! " 
Selling things for Chicago trip . if you want more info , ask . 
twin day is stupid . 
Thinking about showing a lot next year . And possibly partner boarding over the winter . 
\Don't you just wish that sometimes you could just fold yourself up and put yourself in the dryer while it was going ? \ " Lol < PROPFEMALE > :D Very random . " 
riding tomorrow ! 
\Time slowed and reality bent ; on and on the eggman went . \"" 
poor mom is sick :( 
glad that it's friday . judo tomorrow , haven't been in two weeks . 
REALLY EXCITED FOR THE CHICAGO TRIP !!!!!! 
waiting for dad to get back with grace so that we can go to judo . hopefully we aren't late . 
just bought an epic beastly dress for my halloween costume !!! very excited for trick-or-treating this year ! 
school tomorrow . hb tuesday . i hate cold and rain . 
school closed for the rest of the week . 7 day weekend . I AM SO PISSED !!!! STUPID SWINE FLU ! 
baby-sitting tomorrow 
party at < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow ! also riding ! 
just bought one of my favorite movies , and is now watching it . 
Halloween tomorrow ! I'm really hoping it doesn't rain like it's supposed too . anyone else going ? 
Halloween . and Judo . 
two day school week this week ! really excited about chicago ! 
Chicago tomorrow !!! 
waking up at 4am tomorrow 
Had so much fun in Chicago , and will be posting pics soon . 
Chicago pictures !!! 
\I will not be threatened by a walking meatloaf ! \ " ~ David " 
mom might let me get a cat :) 
Twilight Saga ? No thanks . I'd rather read a book or watch something with real vampires in it . 
OMG ! went to the humane society and found almost the perfect cat !!! 
is tired of hearing about New < PROPFEMALE > . Or anything Twilight Saga related . Anyone else ? 
the first scene in < PROPFEMALE > Trek makes me cry :/ 
Captian Pike : [ whistles to break up fight between cadets and Kirk ] Outside ! All of you ! Now ! [ to Kirk ] Captian Pike : You all right son ? Kirk : [ Looks at him upside down and stunned ] You can whistle really loud , you know that ? 
Two day school week ! 
trying to finish History essay . 
glad that thursday and friday are half days 
yay ! mom and dad said i can get a cat ! now i am officially looking ! 
Programming A -Sagan , English 11 A -Gagnon , French 2 A-Kelly , Algebra 2 A- Bugni , Economics -Ruskowski 
95% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > CULLEN at the top of a skyscraper about to jump into a pit of fire . Copy and paste this to your status if you are part of the 5% that would sit there with popcorn and camera and yell“DO A FLIP !!! \ " , 2009-12-05 16:25:15 " 
loves snowdays , but hates spending them at home . though i don't feel like doing anything else . 
is bored 
is tired of snowdays 
hates snow ! and cold ! when will summer get here ? 
Getting a christmas tree later today . It's like , the perfect winter day outside . I can't believe i'm saying that , but it's true . 
is mad that dad wouldn't let me get the schizo tree that I wanted !!! 
will probably be going to see a movie this afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > and Dad . To avoid Grace's party . 
giving < PROPFEMALE > canes to the elderly definitely beats going to see a movie . 
is really tired and wishes the weekend would get here faster so that i can sleep in . 
I got a cat ! 
Glad there are only two days of school this week ! 
my mom is annoying me 
That's what she said ... 
Poe and Boots are so cute ! :) they are both kinda scared of each other , it's really cute . 
skiing today 
Is really tired . 
Back to reality . School tomorrow :( Break seemed so short . 
Doesn't want to go to school 
tgif 
Waiting for batteries in camera to charge ... X [ 
Please copy and post this to get the word out ! Thanks ! Our youth group is presenting their annual Italian Dinner Theater on January 31st at 4:00 and 6:30 . There are funny skits , a pasta dinner with dessert and an awesome time for all . If you would like to make a reservation , please call me ! Proceeds to go this summer's mission trip to West < PROPFEMALE > to do building repair and reconstruction ! 
hates homework 
Poe is being a spaz 
Glad that Mom will be home today . 
Some of the people who audition for American Idol scare me a little bit ... ok , a lot . 
It's almost friday .... 
TGIF !! 
Mom is annoying me . 
If anyone is interested in coming to my youth groups Italian Dinner Theatre , please let me know ! Name , how many people , and 4:00 or 6:30 show ! It is tomorrow ! thanks ! 
Italian Dinner Theater ! 
school ... :( 
half way through the week : | 
TGIF 
weekend :) glad for sleeping in . 
lost my favorite ring and is really pissed off !!! 
Feels like crap :( 
3 day weekends !! 
Is thinking about doing rugby .... 
WTF ? Crossing country skiing and then target shooting ? Who the hell came up with this stupid sport ? 
NLCC youth !! REMEMBER SAFE HARBOR DINNER ! ANYONE IS WELCOME TO COME AND SERVE DINNER TO THE HOMELESS !!! ~ ~ the only good way to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s day is giving back to the community . ~ ~ 
First rugby practice at 5:30 ..... 
Rugby today . 
Rugby Monday . Youth Group Sunday . Nothing tomorrow :) Oh ... I'm actually going to yoga with mom . At 4 . 
Rugby tomorrow :) 
Is tired from Rugby practice . I learned how to Maul :) And I think it's unfair how i called first shower on rugby days , yet i never seem to get them .... People don't listen to me at my house . 
I'm glad it's the weekend . But I'm not excited for the next two school weeks . 
excited about bowling and laser tagging today :D 
Going to see Avatar for the second time 
TGIF ! Exams monday and tuesday ! Then finally , third trimester ! 
YES ! don't have to take econ exam !! :D 
1st hour : English 11-B with Kassab , 2nd hour : Metals/Jewelry with Keck , 3rd hour : Env . Chem -B with J-Whall , 4th hour : Algebra 2 - B with Heydlauff , 5th hour : French 2-B with Placek . 
Exams tomorrow :( At least we get Wednesday off ... 
Exams ... fun . At least I don't have to take the econ exam ... : ) 
Me and my mom gossip about you , and you don't even know it ! 
No school tomorrow !!! 
new tri tomorrow . 
I liked last tri better ... 
babysitting in an hour : ) 
The Blind Side <3 
Spring break tomorrow !!! <3 
Spring Break <3 
: ( sadest movie in the world ! 
Thank you for waking me up this morning so that you could play < PROPFIRST > Kart on the Wii , you little Jackhole . I really appreciate it . Especially since I was polite and didn't wake you up the two nights you had to sleep on the couch . You're welcome . 
Had fun at the Sand Dunes today . Really < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , not that warm . But still fun . 
Don't know what I'm going to do with Poe when we go downstate .... anyone want to cat sit ? P.S. - You have to be somebody my parents trust , lol . 
We saw an ad for New < PROPFEMALE > . My Dad said Talor Lautner is a hunka hunka without his shirt on . I almost died . 
In Kalamazoo . 
Not really sure .... Family Easter tomorrow . Easter egg hunt , yummy food , < PROPFEMALE > from the Easter < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Happy Easter ! <3 
Omg . I'm watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the Goblin , one of my all time favorite movies as a kid . Brings back memories , lol . 
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow 
I <3 my mom 
Ugg .... doesn't want to go to school . 
Tgif 
Just tried to give Poe a bath ... She didn't like it very much ... Now I think she hates me , lol . 
Yuck , New < PROPFEMALE > . A crappy movie full of ugly people . 
Don't know ..... I'm really tired , and it sucks .... Need sleep .... 
dinner time <3 baked potatoes ! 
Got to ride today : ) <3 
Going down state to watch Grace's OM team later ... 
Lost my iPod at the OM thing yesterday in Grand Rapids !!! Really mad !!! 
Happy Earth Day ! 
has a headache 
sisters are bratty . 
just had dinner at Paesano's with Grandma :) 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Poppins . My favorite song is Stepping Time , when they are dancing around on the roof . 
Just go to see two really cute babies <3 Twin boys , really excited for baby-sitting this summer ! 
Kentucky Derby <3 
I have a < PROPFIRST > Poppins song stuck in my head ! 
Tired ... 
Happy Mothers Day , Mom . I love you <3 
\Well excuse me for having enormous flaws that I don't work on ! \ " ~ Homer Simpson " 
babysitting tomorrow 
My cat caught a mouse in our house today . I wish I was there to see it . 
I hate being sick 
Anybody else excited for summer ? 
Boating was kind of a bust , it was really < PROPFEMALE > and cold . But at least we were out on the water . And we went to Moomers . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Eight more days .... 
We still take forever to pick out a movie even though we have Netflix .... that's kinda sad ... 
Three more days ... 
Last day of school !! <3 
Rain , rain , go away ... 
chickens :) 
Finally ! Off to go get chickens soon . I've been waiting all day . 
Got our chickens ! I'm uploading pictures . Suggest names if you want ! 
Is making a thousand origami ninja stars . 
Had fun hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > today , watching tv shows from when we were little . < PROPFEMALE > Gwenevere and the < PROPFIRST > Riders ! And Sky Dancers . 
Is very tired from babysitting all day . But it was fun . 
The cutest thing in the world ? A three year old running in circles around a coffee table singing along to Bad Romance by Lady Gaga and Tic Toc by Ke$ha . 
Babysitting 
Felt pretty BA when I got a question right while watching Jeopardy . 
Sometimes , I don't like the way people treat each other . 
EXCITED !!! Getting a new ipod nano . Not sure which color though . Not black , pink or silver . 
Lots of family in the house :) 
Every time I turn around , something about Eclipse pops up . Yay . 
There are a bunch of drunk people outside my house . Some of them are riding bikes . For some reason , that doesn't seem like such a smart choice . 
I hate being sick . It sucks . 
New Ipod is here !! Perfect timing . <3 
Had tons of fun at the horse show today :) Sleeping in the barn , bathing in the washrack , and of course riding :) 
It's disappointing when things don't turn out the way you want them to : / 
I'd rather be in Pennsylvania ... 
Sometimes my family drives me crazy . Scratch that . Most of the time , my family drives me crazy . 
Horse Show by the Bay again . Three days in a row . 
Needs to pack for Canada tomorrow . And put more music on my ipod ... 
Canada tomorrow :) really excited !! <3 
Horse show tomorrow :) 
Is going to have Moomer's for dinner , and then coming home and having chocolate pie for dessert . Birthdays are the best . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes : ) 
Vampires Suck was pretty epic :) 
Summer reading kinda sucks . Especially when you didn't have the whole summer to do it . 
Is going to school registration today . Probably around twelve . 
1st : Sculpture- Clone\ 
2nd : Crime & Justice - Rice\ 
3rd : Health & Phys < PROPMALE > 2 - Prisk\ 
4th : Physics A -Gillespie\ 
5th : English Language & Comp ( AP ) A- Goeman\ 
Advisory - Bugni\ 
Neighborhood - < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > got a puppy . 
Summer reading stinks . 
Horse show today :) 
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow . 
Even though today was the first day of school , it didn't feel like it because we were in Advisory all day . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s puppy is eating ants off the sidewalk . It's pretty cute . :) 
Surprisingly , I'm not dreading going to school tomorrow . 
Just got shots . Why does everyone hate them ? Honestly , it's not that big of a deal .... 
Saturday ... 8:30 - 12:30 babysitting , face painting 1-3 , and then babysitting again from 4-10 . Guess who's going to be sick of kids by Sunday ? Lol . 
WOOT !!! FIRST CHICKEN EGG !! Go Pawks ! It's a pretty greenish blue egg . Yum yum . 
Had fun at the dance 
Just gave my cat a bath . 
Horse show this weekend :) 
Horse show today 
Is really tired , but happy . 
Equestrian Games on NBC . Jumping !!! 
PSAT tomorrow .... 
So pretty much whenever I get really upset or pissed off , I cry . Life sucks . 
Three day weekend !! <3 
Went to the haunted ship in Manistee last night . It was pretty cool . Me and Camy hugged a ghoul . 
Nobody in my family watches good movies . Ugg ... 
is pursuing happiness ... 
Academic Collegiate Transition-Rennie , American Sign Language 1A-MJ , Health & PE-Prisk , Trig/Pre-Calc A-Bugni , AP Lang-Goeman 
Is not looking forward to next tri 
First Tri is over :( Kinda sad . Next tri will suck . 
2nd tri tomorrow . Crap . 
Will hopefully be changing my schedule tomorrow . 
The only time I like snow is when we have a snowday . If tomorrows not a snowday .... 
It's too f-ing cold .... 
Kota keeps chasing her tail . It's pretty cute :) 
Got a bloody nose when I got home from school . Yuck . 
If you spray dogs with catnip spray , will the cat start to like them ? 
AP < PROPFEMALE > is slowly sucking away my soul . 
I hate broccoli more than I hate going to the chiropractor .... 
\Man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall . He will end by destroying the earth . \ " < PROPFIRST > Schweitzer " 
I hate when I think I'm done with my homework , and all I want to do is go to bed , but then remember that stupid assignment that wasn't really explained and is due tomorrow .... 
As soon as I get out of college , me , Link , and Poe are moving somewhere that never gets below 40 ... 
It's too cold . But at least the sun is out . Looking on the bright side ... 
Why does the weekend always seem to go by so fast ? 
SNOWDAY !! Too bad I was already awake and forgot to check ... Now I have time to study logical fallicies ... 
Yesterday when I was at the barn , Link and I heard The Sound of Silence by < PROPMALE > and Garfunkel on the radio <3 
Made it through my first hot yoga class at < PROPFEMALE > earlier :) 
Forget the Super Bowl . When's the Kentucky Derby ? 
Is really , really tired . It's been a long day . 
I wore leg warmers before < PROPFEMALE > on Glee .... 
Change your profile picture to a photo of an animal . The idea is to not have any human profile pictures on Facebook until Feb 28th to cooperate with the campaign AGAINST ANIMAL ABUSE ! If you are against animal abuse change your profile picture to a picture of an animal and copy and paste this as your status ! 
Is tired of hearing people complaining about the ACT today . So I'm complaining about the people who are complaining about the ACT . 
had fun shopping Red Hare Tack & Togs today :) 
2nd lunch anyone ? 
Trig/precalc , Photography , ASL , interpersonal relationships , < PROPFEMALE > 
Dad bought another Ipad . Because we really need another one . 
It's too early to be awake ... 
Passed my road test :) 
The girl you just called fat , She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid , He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly , She spends hours putting makeup on , hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped , He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more about people than you think . Put this as your status if your against bullying . 
It should be spring break now . 
decisions , decisions .... 
Really hoping for a snow day tomorrow .... 
The only bad thing about snow days is having to do homework that you didn't finish the day before . And having to go back to school the next day . At least break is soon .... 
is kind of loosing her voice .... 
Boots snores like my dad , lol .... 
My throat is so sore .... And my voice is almost gone . Good way to start off the day , and break . 
Snuggling with Kota . 
Hopefully , I'm not sick tomorrow . It sucks being sick during spring break . 
is relaxed . 
I'm not sick any more . Great , two days of break left . 
Doesn't want to go back to school . We should have spring break until it's time for summer vacation .... 
