feels like it is time to get more tattoos .... thanks Rog 

Gets so stinkin addicted to these quizzes ! 
is so bored and cannot wait until the outlaws and the gremlin leave tomorrow :) 
thinks that some people need to educate their minds instead of their sex lives 
just spent some time outside with my HB ! It is sooooo beautiful outside today and the outlaws are FINALLY gone so it's a mighty fine day !! 
all I can say is good thing I am going into the medical field because it suits me perfectly :P 
curious as to what brought this on 
Job hunting is giving me a headache ! If I have to fill out one more application I am going to FrEaK !! 
is a little annoyed , a smidge hurt , and really confused 
boys are stupid heads :) 
ugh its so muggy in my house .... blah 
anyone have any tranquilizers ? Maybe some duct tape and a leash ? My Gremlin is going CrAzY and driving me insane !!!! 1 
Had a rediculously good time tonight ! Tomorrow better be just as good 
It's funny how some peoplecan just ruin a night 
Instead of going out I am going to job hunt ... sounds more productive doesn't it 
In Portland enjoying the sun and awsome hotel room waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get her butt over here 
had a blast with my other half and the kids ! dinner time now ! 
fishing tomorrow ? 
ugh , shoulder's in bad shape today :( 
Havin a bad day . I have a migrain , my shoulder is killing me , and I am having \trust\ " issues ....... can this day just be over ? " 
ok what theme should my birthday be this year ? any suggestions ? 
got my nails did ! 
RRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
You are not my Knight in shining armor . You are just a stable boy . I dont want you here 
ugh 
< PROPFEMALE > ? I lost you ?! Where did your pregosaurus rump go ?! 
I am very excited about the email I just got ! 
time to visit Mr. Treadmill ... thank goodness it has an ipod < PROPFIRST > and fans !!! 
me -\< PROPMALE > why are you crying ? Just try the crab I know you'll like it\ " < PROPMALE > * crying*- \ " NO !! \ " me- \ " why not ? \ " < PROPMALE > * still crying*- \ " because its LOOKING AT ME !!! \"" 
this has turned into an interesting day ...... 
.... and not a good interesting either ........ 
made it a quarter mile more on the treadmill then I did the last time ... yay me ! 
is torn ... oh the pressures of speaking my mind .... watch NCIS or bed ? 
oye , can't breathe out one side of my nose . Don't you hate it when that happens . 
I am in a < PROPFEMALE > phase 
excited for this weekend ! 
Ugh I am so impatient . I am trying ro keep myself busy but it isnt working very well ..... side note .... I need new tires ! 
bed after 3am and up a 6:22 ... ugh its gonna be a grrreat day 
I GOT THE JOB !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Officialy I am a Beauty Consultant with Bare Escentuals Cosmetics coming soon to < PROPFEMALE>'s in < PROPFIRST > ! 
gotta be outta the house by 8am to go do more paperwork for my job 
I really addicted to sorority life ! 
spending the weekend in heels . Gotta get used to it for work 
is contemplating sleeping with my new heels on 
call that girl bojangles ..... 
you need someone crazy like me ;) 
have you ever felt like you want to scream at the top of your lungs for someone to pay attention to you ? I feel like that ..... it's weird . I am very mixed up 
Is missing Izzy 
Is still missin Iz :( I hope that he makes it through without any permanent damage . He is a fighter and I am sure he will be ok ! I just wish he would get out of ICU so I can go see him . Oh and his medical bills are pouring in so the family has set up a fund at OBP for him . PLEASE GO DONATE ! Just the little donation is a big help . He would do it for us . 
went 2.13 < PROPMALE > on the treadmill today ! better than my 2.09 yesterday ! 
ugh , i exhausted myself and now feel sick :( 
hmmmmmm 9-9-9 .... think this is gonna be a good day for me ? 
9-9-9 ... and it's my birthday ... hope this means good luck :) 
Thank you EVERYONE for the birthday wishes !!!!!! 
If demanding the respect I deserve makes me a bitch , so be it . 
had a stinkin ' good time tonight , even with a sunburn and being sick ! So glad to see Ang ! 
gotta relax and try to get well decause I work tomorrow 
sick of being sick .... time for a nap 
at home , alone , thinking about love and life and all that it has to offer me if I just allow it . 
would you like me to punchisize your face ? 
this chest cold is taking it out of me ! Had an asthma attack for the first time in years this morning .... i think it is time to rest 
another day at work in < PROPFIRST > . Man I need new tires ! Someone remind me of that later this week ! 
Work tomorrow 9-6 to get ready for our big grand opening on friday the 18th !!!!!! WOOHOO so excited to have our bay done and ALL of our product out ! 
< PROPMALE > just told me an awsome story about a bear named Snake Friendship . 
i want noodles 
WOOHOO !!!! No more US Bank ! They're a bunch of fat , smelly , see you next tuesdays !!! 
HAHAHA I am dancing in my room to \Part in the U.S.A. \ " and my cat is looking at me like \ " wtf is your problem\ " ! it's truely awsome " 
has a small obsession with Batman 
I am really considering decorating my room in BATMAN !! Is that weird ? 
< PROPMALE > is home from preschool with a cold today :( I have work from 5- 9:30 tonight . ugh droppin weight like mad ... need more work clothes but I am broke until friday . 
Christian Bale is by far the best Batman EVER ! 
The thing about glitter is , if you get on you , be prepared to have it on you forever .. cause glitter doesn't go away . Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies .. 
i think I am gonna pop in my belly dance work out dvd and dance !!!!! I am in the mood to move :) 
on second thought I want a grilled cheese . hmm grilled cheese or belly dance ... or grilled cheese and belly dance .... oh the dilema 
Do Not accept a friend request from < PROPFIRST > Butterfield . He is a Hacker . Tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's ID and address . So , let everyone know --- copy and post as your status . 
I really need a second job :( 
I am really craving thai food today ! And for some reason my mom feels the need to follow me around the house and invade me with her H1N1 ! Back off before I lysol you woman 
wants a really really good storm 
< PROPFEMALE > in the with The Proposal :D 
i need to find my very own < PROPFIRST > Reynolds 
so frustrated I could scream !!!! 
catching up on some shows 
is waiting for the one love that gets me so high I have no fear at all 
I need everyones help ! I am going eighties punk for halloween . I will be working and handing out < PROPFEMALE > at the mall so I need to go ALL OUT . If anyone has face paints , puffy paints , anything brightly colored or acid washed , really anything that looks like it could be eighties punk I would love to borrow it ! Send me a message if you do or if you have any ideas . 
forgotten .... 
forgotten . UGH !!!!!! I swear there are no jobs for people in this town right now unless you work at the hospital . I have to have a second job but I cant find anything .... 
Has a headache for the third day in a row . I wish this sinus thing would go away 
you have no Kefe that is why you are so uptight and skinny 
wants to get a gym membership 
wants to get a gym membership but doesn't think she can afford it 
I really believe they should install pop out cup holders in lap tops .... its pure genius 
clean sheets , clean blankets , clean floor ..... bed time 
i really dont want to get up for work tomorrow 
is exhausted xp 
At 3:20 Four years ago today I became a Mommy :) Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :D 
Drinking Peppermint Hot Chocolate and watching law and order svu 
so stressed out it feels like someone is sitting on my chest 
watching < PROPMALE>'s reaction to a pixie stick and its hilarious 
well this is going to be just a lovely week here with my dad .............. > : l 
just wants to cry ......... 
Goin to see New < PROPFEMALE > at 3AM !! Pure craziness ! 
Home from my New < PROPFEMALE > adventure and it was sooo worth it ! 
has to get ready for work ........ bla 
Is doubting myself 
I had no idea that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was in tropic thunder but its awesome ! def . his best/most awesome character ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ! Making my first thanksgiving all by myself .. turkey and all :) 
Dinner turned out PERFECT from the turkey to the pie 
why aren't any of my home slices online ? 
grrrrrr broke a nail . On a lighter note , what kind of mischievous shenanigans can I partake in on my days off this week ........... 
< PROPMALE > and I are having a camp out in the living room by the Christmas tree ! He is asleep and now I have nothing to do :( 
Dear Santa .... Did you get me text .... 
my insides are dying /p 
Is c-c-c-c-c-coooooooooooooooooold 
Just had a random flash back to high school days ... we were all in < PROPFEMALE>'s car and < PROPFIRST > was ridin ' b* ? $% . It was late at night and whenever we passed someone < PROPMALE > rolled down his window and sprayed the person with silly string ! Then he thought it was funny to scare the crap out of all of us by pulling the \E \"- brake without any warning . I thought Cass was gonna castrate him ! Good times :) " 
ooo I love White Collar 
working on a project for christmas for my parents . I hope it turns out ! 
has a headache from eating too many cookies and < PROPMALE > has the stomach flu .... yuck 
Watching < PROPMALE > 
HOW COULD THEY MAKE A < PROPMALE > FINALE LIKE THAT !!!!!!! I can't wait another year to see what he does ! What will I do ! Poor < PROPMALE > ...... 
Rest In Piece < PROPFIRST > . I am so glad you have been found 
pretty sure I have a B12 Deficiency 
getting ready to eat some chicken and watch the Hangover ... cuz I own it :) 
Playin WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
I wish I had siblings 
There are some people that need to just stay out of your dreams ! You never think about them and all of a sudden you have a dream about them and they are on your mind the rest of the day ... BS ... you should get to control who is in and who is not allowed in your dreams 
I should sleep considering I have to drive to work at 9:30 am ....... but sleep doesn't sound fun right now . On the other hand braiding my hair does . 
i am an odd bird 
black :) 
is lonely 
there is NOTHING to do ... boo ... hiss 
crap I thought I closed tomorrow but I open !!!!!! GOOD THING I GOT THAT LAST MINUTE URGE TO CHECK ! so much for getting any sleep :{ 
I danced with my best friends boyfriend riding a motorcycle cause I'm sexy and do what I want :) 
PANT'S ON THE GROUND , PANT'S ON THE GROUND , LOOKIN LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND ! 
don't you hate it when people ask what you're doing at times when it's quite obvious ? I'm up on a balloon milking a chicken , what the hell does it look like ? 
Is really , really , really irritated ! Can you be that selfish ? REALLY ! 
I prefer to deal with my demons as they escape . 
\our best friend < PROPMALE > is probably face down in a ditch right now with a meth head butt f@#$%^g his corpse ! \"" 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts deedaleedee ........... 
I prefer to deal with my demons as they escape 
I have been able to dodge the sick bullet all season . Now it hits me full force ! SORE throat , muscle aches , the works .... it just had to be this week didn't it ! 
is soooooooooo sick 
didn't get any sleep last night ... ugh i cant wait for this flu to be over 
Time for Bones and then Bed 
Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like . Then post this to your status 
I am sooooo addicted to monopoly for wii 
every girl thinks this world belong to her , no matter what makes her purrr , she's a super < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh so much for my three day weekend . My throat is ulcerated too ..... still ..... lovely 
chocolate milk has a special place in my heart 
< PROPMALE > is making it so hard on me tonight . He does not want to sleep alone in his room tonight and he is balling . I have to stand my ground but it's sooo hard when he cries like this . 
< PROPMALE > is finally asleep so I'm am off to dream land because I'm sure at some point tonight he will help himself to my bed 
Oh sweet mango sticky rice .. you never fail me 
tummy's full but it was oh so good ! 
ugh what a terrible F'ING day 
wants ice cream 
Only BEST FRIENDS talk to each other on the toilet 
\what knees ? that boy is riding a fucking chicken ! \ " -E . C . Smith " 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness !! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title *\becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life \"* This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!!! Please copy & paste this to your status and pass it round ...... before someones photo are used inappropriately " 
the fast and the furious and spaghetti with meatballs ... its a good night 
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch 
I HAVE OVER 1700 MESSAGES IN MY JUNK EMAIL FOLDER ! UNREAD !!!!! 
NEVER TRY TO RAISE A CHILD IN THE SAME HOUSE AS YOUR PARENTS ! They don't give a shit about anything you say 
doesn't know what to think 
Will there ever be someone who is patient enough ? 
< PROPFIRST > I MISS YOU !!! 
ugh you make me vomit in my mouth 
I'm soooooooo bored and missing people 
Dear Friday , why must you be such a tease . You are the start of the weekend ... but the weekend I must work . Sincerely , me 
Great White Buffalo 
looking at little dirt bikes for my little man ! 
ugh I can't breathe ! Can't sleep . < PROPFEMALE > you should have left your inhaler !!! 
Don't you just love those \friends\ " that treat you like you don't exist except for when they get bored or need something ! you know who you are and you SUCK ! " 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a taxi driver , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday pay , sick pay , or a day off . - work through the day , and sometimes through the night . I am under paid , and over worked . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder than mine . I love every moment of it BECAUSE I am a mommy . Repost if you are a mom 
Is fighting back the urge to tell some people where to stick it ....... it could possibly cause a shit storm but then again it could totally be fine . it all depends on if they are going to be adults about things 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : loveable . 6 : clubhead . 7 : moody . 8 dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beautiful . 17 : cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong 
Is so angry right now that I might lash out at the next person who speaks to me ! Trust me my lashings aren't pretty 
I just got stung by a bee ..... ON MY BUTT !!!!! what the f : *% is that about ?! 
it was the summer of ' 69 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > upside down by my ankles ... AWESOME ! 
oh my gosh . what do I do ! Clearly whatever I am saying isn't working . I am worried . I hope this is just a phase 
Is missing a lot of people today 
Dinner , Drinks , a Movie tonight with some besties ... kinda excited :D 
Is super tired and does not want to work open to close tomorrow 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts dee-da-lee-dee ..... 
ugh I'm sooo tired ...... 
doesn't know exactly what to think about this .... 
Come on < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > in there girl ! The baby is almost here ! if not already 
my ipod is dead :( It gave me 5 good years and now the buttons don't work . No music at the gym for me for a week until pay day . 
On the counter 
I think I was drunk the entire time I thought you were attractive 
Day six of six tomorrow ... and it's a nine hour ...... I already know it's gonna draaaaaag 
I clearly have superior genetic material :D 
I just want it all to end 
OOOOOOHHHHHHH I want an Audi !!!! 
ugh what a day .... gotta make a doc appointment on monday 
I LOVE SOUTH PARK ! :D 
OK so who ever wants me to do their makeup for Rhody Days needs to hit me up SOON :) 
Thank you Thunder for waking me up an hour and a half before I had to get up ! 
is in a funk 
Got a NEW CAR ! 
is broken 
old habits die hard 
this is going to be a long and stressful day ! I just pray that everything works out . This guy puts a new meaning to the slimey used car salesman . Ugh , I just want this to be over . 
Putting the missing pieces of Saturday back together . Wow the things I do when I consume long islands ! 
Is feeling blah and missing my friends and missing doing stuff .... blah 
I wish i could talk to my cousin . He always makes me feel better about everything . 
So tonight In the shower my son decides to take a nibble off the bar of soap . Sitting in the bed after crying because his throat \burns\ " he says to me \ " that soap smelled good but it really didn't taste good\ " ! I could not help but laugh !! " 
I really , really , REALLY need a vacation ! 
mother nature you are an epic failure 
Does anyone know how to get a Owner's < PROPMALE > for a used car that didn't have one when it was purchased ? 
Why are you so scared of me ? 
I need to sleep because I need to be up in a few hours but I can't . I have to much running through my mind . I just don't understand a lot of what goes on . it's very frustrating . 
That's what she said ....... 
I REALLY REALLY REALLY want to play hooky today . Alas I can't , there is no one to cover if I don't go in . Boo Hiss 
Such a nice day ! gonna go work outside :) 
In Portland but this mini break is not long enough 
made some looks for my portfolio at work today ... now to only put them on a face ..... 
Just spent three hours power washing all of the patios and the house . Now time to clean the kitchen and then mop . What a way to spend a day off 
I really need to get the old me back . This version just isn't cutting it . 
Your voice is like the combination of fergie and Jesus . 
your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus 
So there are little flying beastly bugs in my house . I got sick of hearing them fly around so I hooked up the bug zapped ...... in the house . Now all I hear is the sweet ! ZAP ! and then the pleasent smell of fried bugs 
What a crazy night/morning ! Banshee hill , fun people , gettin stuck , you name it it happened . Kinda worth it though . 
Is having serious trust issues . Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . Oh and on a seperaye note I want my old friend back 
I don't know what to do 
A night of angry beavers on netflix ! A good ending to a trying day 
going to get more tats . at least one more .... haven't decided where and what I want the others to be yet 
Note to self : Remember the site\Tattoo Johnny \"" 
If you are a guy fucking 4 or 5 girls , I can show you something wrong with 4 or 5 girls . If you are a guy treating one woman right you won't have time for other girls because if you treat a woman right she will do anything for you . 
I am gonna freak the fuck out ! 
I'm sooooooooooo bored 
Does anyone know what the weather is like up river ? 
as of today my \summer\ " is over . The weather has sucked and now I will be either working or going to school everyday . Mother nature you really let me down this time . " 
To my < PROPFIRST > friends . Who needs or knows someone who needs a roomie ? It would only be for 3-4 nights a week . Let me know . 
Had fun at the rodeo . Feel like I'm gettin sick .... again . Have to work the next two days . Tomorrow is gonna drag 
God Bless the U.S.A. !!!!!!!!! Happy Independence day everyone ! 
Oh the possibilities .... 
New day . New perspective . New ideas . New plans . NEW ! 
Is a little sad 
My new moto : I am too fabulous to turn into a bitter asshole ! 
Trust is a hard thing for me to find right now 
Had so much fun tonight ! It was definatly needed . On another note , my < PROPFEMALE > sting is now a < PROPMALE > problem . I think I might have to go to the ER tomorrow because I don't think it can wait till my next day off . 
Doesn't know what to do anymore . I feel like I am never gonna shake this problem I have 
wow . I probably shouldnt be so reckless 
I think it's time to change some things 
Summer is almost over and I have yet to have or go to a BBQ this must change !!! 
hold on tight to what you feel inside the ride 
hmmmmm what to do tonight 
got a facial this morning . Next I am gonna have my underarms waxed ! yay me :) 
So glad I hve tomorrow off ! Spending it with some of my favorite people :) It is much needed 
\Apparently I look like chopped liver ... \ " \ " In that case you make liver look damn good ! \ " \ 
ugh , I hate this :/ 
Love me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
I'm gonna telaport you to your death sentence 
woohoo < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
It does what it's told or it gets the hose ! 
Feels crappy and let down 
I from ala-freakin-bama ! 
I had to work fourth of july weekend and now memorial weekend ..... awesome .... or not 
correction- I had to work 4th of july weekend and now Labor Day weekend ... awesome ... or not 
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back 
Happiness is a habit- not a circumstance 
DRINK A LITTLE DRINK ... SMOKE A LITTLE SMOKE 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
I am really impatient . It's a pain . Now more than ever ! Normal would be nice :/ 
Wants to go mudding ... RIGHT NOW ! 
is smiling because I am your daughter and laughing because there is nothin you can do about it :D 
Gonna go see heart with some of my bestests tonight !!! Pretty much the best Tuesday ever ! 
Is so hurt right now . Not cool kids not cool ! 
Is so tired ! I am going to take advantage of the nice weather we are suppose to have tomorrow and maybe go and get some sun . Sun does the body gooooooooood !! 
good things are coming my way :) I know it 
So sick of your fake ass , rude , jealous shit ..... BE GONE ! 
Why is all the rum gone ! Because I drank it :) 
I am selling everything that isn't nailed down ! First to go are my coach bags !!!! If anyone wants them before I putthem on craigslist let me know . Also if there is anything of mine that anyone wants just give me an offer . It has to go . Baby stuff and all !!!! 
Is the last one to go . Might as well count me out since that will never happen ! 
Please pray that I am not getting sick ! I don't have time to get sick !!! 
Ugh is ssssssiiiiiiicccccckkkk ! Must nip it in the butt by Sunday . I really hate being sick . 
Mmmmmmmm eating apples and peanut butter . I'm not sure it's the best sick food but I can't sleep because I'm hot and can't breathe and it's better than chips and dip !!! 
Doing a sinus rinse with one side congested = saline coming out of my eye . It was kinda of neat actually once I got passed the initial creep out . 
Oddly enough I would much rather be at school then sick . This is lame 
So . Looking for a roomie in < PROPFIRST > . If anyone knows of anybody let me know 
When one door closes another door opens ...... right ? 
You may nor be able to change a characteristic you were born with , but you CAN change your attitude , your outlook and the way you live your life ! 
oh my gawd ..... It looks like a pig in a blanket . 
off to give a facial 
Running on two hours of sleep in the last thirty . But it was fun !!!!!! 
Miss my friends 
you can always tell who is a real friend ; when you have made a fool of yourself they dont feel like you have done a permanent job . 
Had soooo much fun with so many people that I have missed for too long !! 
Dinner done : check ........ hunter in bed : check ......... not ready for bed yet and wondering what to do : check check 
Does anyone need a roommate in < PROPFIRST > ? 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh a day off tomorrow . My heart is happy 
I really want to see Burlesque 
o-m-g my back is KILLING me tonight ! 
My baby is 5yrs old today . I guess he's not really a baby anymore . My little man is growing up ! 
I may appear harmless ..... but inside ....... I'm completely badass 
I am happy with the decisions I have made in my life even if they haven't been the easiest . I have met and < PROPFEMALE > people I would have never met if it weren't for paths I chose to take . Now , if one would just join the walk on my path that would be kinda sweet ..... just sayin . 
Don't ask the lord to guide your footsteps if you are not willing to move your feet . 
So excited for this weekend ! 
Raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways ! 
Could use a lower back massage right now ...... a heating pad would be great too 
Tired and stressed 
If man will cheat with you he will cheat on you . 
Congrats D !!!! what an awesome , busy , beautiful day ! 
If a man will cheat with you he will cheat on you . Let's have more class boys . 
Made homemade chicken and dumplings for dinner 
bleh 
Was up all night with the damn flu that's going around . I'm so tired j just want to cry . :*( 
I have lost 4 lbs since yesterday with this flu . I must say that it is not worth it 
Good things need to happen to good people more often . 
I know what I have to do . I don't want to . I knew it would come though . I guess sooner is better than later ? :{ 
Is starting to feel crappy again !!!!! 
If I knew what I was doing I'd be doing it right now 
No < PROPFEMALE > , No < PROPFEMALE > can touch what I got ... yeah I'm a wildflower 
Has a new favorite lip balm ! Ah the simple things that can brighten my day . Now , if only my skin would clear up i would be a happy girl ... for now lol 
Dear 2011 , I know you are not here yet but I would like to request that you are better than 2010 . If so I will welcome you with open arms and run away with you . That is all . 
So many decisions that I have to make . None are easy . I the best choice is also going to be the hardest ..... 
Just a few more days and the scrubs will be coming out of my closet again . 
So I have an Ipod Touch . I plugged it into my computer to update it and now it is frozen .... I cant turn it off or reset it . Any suggestions ? 
876-5309 
Back at school !!! Man I missed it ! 
In class . Gonna get a facial soon .... ready to go home already ... blah 
We just have nothing in common . You like being fat and ugly . And well , I < PROPMALE > like fat and ugly people . Lol love it 
I'm sweet and innocent . Being mean to me is like clubbing a baby seal ! 
Gonna paint my nails and clean my room tonight ..... maybe . Sounds like a good way to spend my Friday ! 
Oh , and it's time for a hair change 
I am not drunk . I am a loud , friendly , clumsy person by nature . 
What is a friendship without trust ? Is it even a friendship ? 
ugh my skin hurts 
So sick of people's negativity ! Your complaining is getting old ... grow up 
I have eaten so many carbs this week !!! Ick feel like crap 
ugh what a day 
Dear Mom , please stop putting the peanut butter in the refridgerator . It becomes too hard to spread and I lose interest and losing interest in peanut butter is a shame 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s house !! Woot woot 
Oye 
So that kid was kind of awesome . Too bad it won't ever be . 
I'm comin home , I'm comin home , tell the world I'm comin home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday . 
I couldn't figure out why my legs were sore ... Then I remembered ... drunken twister 
Making some changes and getting rid of some toxicity in my life ( mainly people ) and it feels sooo good ! I haven't felt this good in a long time . 
Let the training for the hood to coast 2012 marathon begin .... tomorrow ;) 
Wow I am over this day already . So sick of peoples attitudes . Cute kids ...... cute 
Is really really REALLY going to try and get up at 5am to go to the gym before I leave for school . Wish me luck for I am not a morning person . I pretty much don't function till 8 at the earliest . I need at the help I can get right now ! 
Can't decide if I should go out or go to bed tonight . 
I'm just exhausted . Who wants to work for me this weekend so I can have a day off . Don't everybody all jump up at once . 
I really want to see the black swan ! 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I'm so frustrated . I hate it when u get this frustrated and there Is nothing I can do about it . 
It's my FRIDAY !!! Whoop whoop !!! I feel like celebrating tonight :) 
< PROPMALE > is just so darn sweet sometimes :) he melts this mommy's heart all over again . I love my little man 
Its my day off :) i feel a lazy day coming on . Maybe gym in the afternoon :) 
I love texts from last night ! They make me laugh and brighten my day no matter what is going on :) 
Ice cream and a movie with the little guy . Pretty good night if I do say so myself 
Ambien induced coma ? Yes please :) I need it badly . Now , who wants to join me for some crazy dreams ! 
Really needs to get back into photography and scrapbooking . It was so relaxing :) 
Love all , trust few , do wrong to none 
Ready for new Tattoos :) now to go look for ideas .... 
Hmmmm no longer interested . This seems like a cycle I am starting . I am losing interest in people very quickly . Shame 
Does not want to get up ! It's my Friday .... I can do this ..... 
So the saying \nice guys finish last\ " ...... I am wondering if that is also true for girls ? " 
Just watched \the science of sex appeal\ " it was very interesting ! " 
Listening to < PROPMALE > playing with cars in the hall way ...... it's hilarious 
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhh ! It's so fluffy I'm gonna die ! 
Here is something to ponder : if we constantly lust and < PROPMALE > after someone that we can't have or someone that is running from us , what happens if we catch them ? Do we lose interest and find someone else to < PROPMALE > ? 
Got up at 5am and went to the gym !!!!! Yay me . I have only been trying to do that for a week now . Fingers crossed that I can make myself get up tomorrow for another go round :) 
< PROPMALE > was just beak dancing , naked , in the bathroom . 
So over it :) You , my friend , are nuts :) 
Love the sun :) 
Have a long day ahead of me . School , doctors appointment , work , and < PROPMALE > has Pneumonia .... blah 
I hope you don't catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
really people ? Stay out of my business . If I wanted you to know what was going on in my life I would tell you . Does that make sense to you ? 
So stressed out I could make myself sick 
As long as you know that you are doing the right thing , or at least trying hard to do so , then that is all that matters . 
Man . I wish I wouldn't let people affect me so much . Words do cut the deepest . I wish it would heal already . 
Sometimes the only thing you can do is to just let it go . 
As long as you know what what you are doing is right or best at the moment then have no fear . So what if people judge you because they don't see the end result or the whole picture . If you are doing what is right that is all that matters . 
There is something so comforting and calming about holding a child . 
Is missing someone tonight . Chicken licker . 
I am so blessed to have such a close group of friends ! Most people don't get to experience the type of friendship that I have had with my girls since as far back as middle school . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Cass , < PROPFEMALE > , and Jess ... I love you guys . Happy Valentines Day B*tchs ! 
Watching finding nemo with my < PROPFIRST > 
Is very confused 
Monster trucks ? Yes please ! 
Oye oye oye what a week so far lol 
Is trying to get into running . I am sure I will love it once I get into it but getting there is the hard part for me lol 
Be what tomorrow needs . 
Had an AMAZING day :D 
Ugh . I can't sleep and I desperately want to . I am too excited , or nervous , or scared , actually I don't know what it is but it's keeping me up and I don't like it . Mixed feeling will you please go away so that I can sleep ? Thank you . 
Well ..... I'm up . Sleep didn't last long . Morning came to quickly . Joy . 
Off to the grind . Blah . But later I am getting my hair done and hanging out with @ < PROPFEMALE > killingsworth ! 
Snow day for me ! 
Has had a smile permanently attached to my face ALL DAY . I like it . It can stay for awhile . Although my cheeks are getting sore it's a good hurt :) 
I love sausage !!! And fyi < PROPFEMALE > Smith is who I truely admire ! 
Mixed feeling back . Not a good thing . 
Had an awesome night with the best friends ever ! 
HAPPY :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is not a virtue that I have nor will ever acquire . Just saying lol 
CAN'T SLEEP . thinking a shot and some ab workouts will do the trick ? 
Is sassy 
Mmmmmm mmmmmmmm goooood 
Awesome 
Some things are sometimes beyond repair 
DOES NOT FEEL WELL :{ 
Dear flu , please go away so I can get back to school and life in general . I know you really seem to like me but we just aren't meant to be . It's time for you to move on to bigger and better things . Thanks a million . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
You can tell what kind of mood I am in by what I am listening to .... This is a limp bizkit and manson mind of day ! 
My Dad- < PROPMALE > how many ribs are you going to eat ?! \ 
< PROPMALE > - I love ribs ! I CAN EAT THEM ALL DAY !!!! 
Computer back-check , taxes back-check , feelin good- check check 
Sometimes your judgment for a person and their actions can become clouded ... you just have to remind yourself why you formed that judgment to begin with . 
Ever have that feeling where you want to yell and shake someone because you think that what they are doing is the wrong thing to do but you have to bite your tongue and hope for the best ?........ yeah .......... I'm there 
SO FLIPPIN ' PROUD OF MYSELF RIGHT NOW ! 
an affirmative thought is 100x more powerful than a negative thought 
Has faith and is happy <3 
Just met an inspiring person and we had the best discussion . Makes me feel like I am making the right decision .... like a confirmation :) <3 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same ! \ 
If you don't stand behind our troops . . . feel free to stand in front of them ! 
positive ... positive ... positive ... positive <3 
Floaties on-check , school in the am .... wake me when it's over 
Ok ok I am showering . If I have to leave my house at least I am going to do it clean and presentable 
It's my Friday and I couldn't be more excited !!! 
Is in so much pain ......... ugh ! 
Sometimes life throws you curves to keep you on your toes . Learn to be flexible and prepared ... think shadowboxing . 
No one tells me that I can't have something , that I can't do something , or that I can't be something . No one set boundaries for me . It's a joke if you think I am going to comply with them . 
My son is such a SMARTASS !!! I thought I would escape having a child just like me if I had a boy ..... I was wrong 
Starfox for N64 with the little man 
Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me 
Watching how to train your dragon with the sick little man . Shoulder is still killing me but a little dose of toothless and a heating pad will make the day better . Oh and some Abidjan and dumplings :) 
I think I might make a \My Theme Songs\ " playlist on my Ipod ... what should some of the songs be ? " 
\I'm getting stupid loose \"" 
I may look sweet and innocent ... but inside .. I'm completely badass :) 
Is .... very .... tired .... 
LOVE GETTING MY BABY FIX ! I'm a junky :) 
Everyone should watch the Garfunkle and Oats videos that I posted ! 
I have to start running ! Not only for the weight loss benefits but for the de-stressing benefits as well 
nothing was ever accomplished with tears 
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little bit . 
Attn : BURRITO . I have requested may 20 , 21 , 22 , and 23 off . If I get the days off who from Oregon wants to go to Washington ? 
House is spotless and smells wonderful . Possibly time for a nap ? 
I feel like baking . Hmmmm what should I make ? 
\I'm not just playing a guitar ; I'm playing a guitar that sounds like dolphins \"" 
Clean house , the smell of baked goods , heels , and pretty nails . A successful Sunday if I do say so myself :) 
Some people are just nuts ..... 
It's official ! I need a new phone . My contacts keep getting deleted and it keeps resending sent messages to people over and over again ! 
\Put your junk in reverse ! \ " \ " NO ! You put YOUR junk in reverse ! \"" 
You will never be happy if you constantly feel insecure and intimidated by other people . Be strong in yourself and you will be strong in your relationships . True story . 
Ok facebook friends . I am looking at the samsung fascinate and the droid2 ! Does any one have these phones and if so what do you think of them ? 
THE ONLY WAY THE FROGS COULD BE LOUDER IS IF THEY WERE SHARING MY PILLOW ! it's just rude . 
Annoyed with people but it's going to be a good day 
I danced with me best friends ' boyfriend riding a motorcycle because that's how I roll 
Is confused and is not sure what to do . Well , I do think I know , but I don't want to do it . damn . 
Coloring and watching a movie with my offspring 
I am woman hear me roar 
Cheers to the new and working on improved 
It sucks to be friends with someone who doesn't give a shit about you . I guess you wouldn't really call that friends at all . Awesome ..... 
Wants to be swept away . Knight in shining armor . Head over heels . The works . Fate .... surprise me . 
Monday isn't so bad when you have it off . Eating breakfast , watching law and order criminal intent , and in a couple hours I'm off to the gym . 
I want my phone to be here now . Seems like it won't be here until tomorrow though . 
Is so angry on so many levels right now . 
