Have some fun- http://www.highlightskids.com/GamesandGiggles/gamesArchive/hpTopArchive.asp 

Into a New year , we take our old selves , leaves shed , bark tougher , grow some buds . We can only touch what we can change , we can change how we touch , remember gentleness tenderly reach out . 
back to the Friday fish fry grind today . One of my co-workers just had a baby and I hope he has pictures on his phone ! < PROPFIRST > is spoiling my cat again . Tiger climbs right into his lap when he sees the brush . 
One of those days-the noodle water isn't boiling because I had the wrong burner on . Really looking forward to my spaghetti , anyway . Long day testing and fingerprinting . 
Although maybe I didn't have the wrong burner on-maybe I had the pot on the wrong burner .. 
Time for Packer Game . Jeez , I hope Rodgers doesn't get sacked another hundred times . 
Things you can only say on Thanksgiving ! ( not for kids , in 2 posts . ) 1 . Talk about a huge breast ! 2 . Tying the legs together keeps the inside moist . 3 . It's Cool Whip time ! 4 . If I don't undo my pants , I'll burst ! 5 . Wow , that's one terrific spread ! 6 . * 7 . Are you ready for seconds yet ? 8 . It's a little dry , do you still want to eat it ? 9 . Just wait your turn , you'll get some ! 10 . Don't play with your meat . 
11 . Just spread the legs open and stuff it in . 12 . Do you think you'll be able to handle all these people at once ? 13 . I didn't expect everyone to come at once ! 14 . You still have a little bit on your < PROPFEMALE > . 15 . How long will it take after you stick it in ? 16 . You'll know it's ready when it pops up . 17 . Wow , I didn't think I could handle all of that ! 18 . That's the biggest one I've ever seen ! 
Started some of my Christmas lights . Don't really want to put a lot of nails in the landlord's house , so projects will be small this year . 
Heading off to work soon . I like how happy everyone is on the holidays at the Elks . Get to see all the grandchildren dressed up in their finery . Later I'll be eating some turkey . Blessings to all today , and thanks ! 
Had a great day yesterday . Work today , work tomorrow , then < PROPFIRST>'s parents are coming to visit on Sunday . Should be a lot of fun ! 
The dark side of the holidays is starting . Two early twenties brothers in a wreck last night here , one dead , one in intensive care . A friend's sister died last week ( well , they don't know when she died ) with a vodka bottle at her side . Please don't gift your parents , spouses , and loved ones the gift of your untimely death this Christmas . 
< PROPFIRST>'s parents came up yesterday to eat turkey with us . I was so impressed that they brought the turkey in a brand new slow cooker . Even more impressed when I found out the slow cooker was for me !!! 
Very sad . Young friend died in a stupid accident with a gun . Very nice young man . 
A very big turnout for my friend's funeral . Got to talk to his mother , and I can see why he was such a sweet kid . 
Happy Birthday to the sweetest sister and the best midwife in < PROPFIRST > , Texas ! 
Free Snow ! Free Snow ! Available to the first 100 callers . Must come haul it yourself ! 
Free Piano anyone ? If you are in Central Wisconsin , you can get a free piano at Randlin Homes Thrift store in Wausau ( 6th st ) . They have several to choose from . 
Yeargh . 
Let go Just as the raindrop sliding down bare branch leaves some of itself behind When it tastes bark and bitter , gently scrubs its face clean In earth heart , becomes part Of the rhythm of river gently surrendering to sea-O Gather all your hope seeds and dandelion blow them into the wind 
Dang it , I didn't want to repost that in status . Just wanted to post the poem in Notes so the line breaks were clear . Where is my son or daughter when I need them ? 
Slushy smushy ice pellets and melting snow , it's been great to hear from friends and family , but I don't mind seeing Christmas go ! 
Snerg . Head cold . 
All Hail ! Zeth Wheeler patents rolled and perforated wrapping paper in 1871 . By 1874 he had is own business the Rolled Wrapping Paper Company , but couldn't turn a profit . In 1877 , Wheller reorganized into the Albany Perforated Wrapping Paper Company and began selling Perforated Toilet Paper (' The Standard ' ) on a roll . It sold in plain brown wrappers and fit conveniently into the American bathroom . 
A happy and loving New Year to my friends and family who are celebrating it . 
Watching tv ads for animal rescue-what kind of nation do we live in where the animals get better treatment than its children ? If you see or suspect child abuse , please report it . You may save a human . 
Okay , it's hard not to laugh at my family/friends in Texas shivering in the cold !!! Today it was about 14 degrees F when I got done work , and I had my coat unbuttoned , no hat or gloves , and shut the heater in the car off because I didn't need it ! 
A little tired a little wired , but want to remind everyone that tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh day ! 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news last night . ( Pittsburgh !! ) Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! 
Wearing boring beige right now , but I get extra points cause I had a boob exam today ! ( And I never miss my mammo ! ) 
Ps : Happy < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh day , all . I think it's a great way to figure out a person if you know which character a person identifies with ! Me-Pooh ( singing little rhymer ) and Piglet ( scared , but braver than he thinks ) are my winning combo ! 
Great NEWS ! All hail < PROPFIRST > Sprinkle , just named Grand Master of the annual Fulton Texas Oysterfest parade , with an appearance at the festival later ! This year Oysterfest is on March 6 and 7th . Thanks to my wonderful brother in law Sev for suggesting the idea to Googles , my beautiful sister < PROPFEMALE > who just called me with the news . 
Go Vikings ! 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Apologies to some of my female friends .. I sent out an invite to a game to some of you that I figured didn't want to play by accident while trying to send only one invitation to my daughter , whom I am bullying into playing . 
Ah ! stitches out , moles benign , sun shining . Life's Ok ! 
In heaven-Just tried a black-eye pea mix called Grandma < PROPFEMALE>'s over some rice . OHH , YUM ! Only thing that would have made it better was some greens , and maybe some cornbread on the side ... you can take the gal outta Texas , but .. 
Very excited after watching this video-Guy Discovers Serious Heavy Metal about a man who discovered a Saxon gold hoard . Just grabs my imagination . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone . I just rolled back into town after being gone for a week to attend the visitation and funeral of my partner's sister . It has been sad and emotionally wrenching for all affected . I'll be catching up as soon as I can . 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will . With Mother's Day approaching , repost this if you have children you love more than life .. 
Frustrating that I'm not getting well as fast as I would like . At least it's cloudy out , so I won't feel so bad about not getting out to play . Still , it's great to be home ! 
We had us some sun today ! And gonna have some tomorrow ! Who wants to come over and do laundry for me tomorrow ? 
Got our ac going ! Very early to have it on for Wisconsin , but the lilacs were almost a month early , wonder when the peonies will be blooming ? 
< PROPFIRST > Really Needs YOUR Help ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > has been working hard to finish her sacrificial circle in Farmdale , and needs a robe , 2 ritual knives , and three beheaded chickens . Can you help her out ? 
You get older and you realize it is not your show you are starring in , as a matter of fact , it is someone else's drama or comedy , depending on the view , and you are either a non speaking walk on or a has been cameo hack . 
Found an eagle feather yesterday in the park at lunch . Was very happy to be able to give it to a young man I know who is an awfully sweet kid ! No names , don't want to embarrass him . ( Yes , he is registered Native , in case anyone was worried . ) 
oh , yeah , I do so like Theory of a Deadman .... boppity bop happy 2day .... 
Removed Cafe World and Farmville , sorry friends that play . Only so much time in a day . 
Patty-Here's the recipe . Anybody-this is killer good < PROPFEMALE > type BBQ . Not what people in Wisconsin call BBQ-(which others call Sloppy Joes ! ) My name for Wisconsin BBQ-candied hamburg ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - here's today's recipe that I'm giving a whirl . Hope it's good . \ 
http://www.southernplate.com/2010/08/slow-cooker-chicken-and-wild-rice-and-your-cheering-section.html 
The life in all is sacred . Anyone who kills in the name of God is already dead inside . Any who urge killing in the name of God are speaking with decaying tongues and broken hearts . Respect , tolerance , and freedom for all- that is what our constitution offers . Today I bow my head to those who have suffered and pray for peace . 
So , uh , why do so many unholy things spring from Wasilla , Alaska ? \ 
Army Spc . < PROPFIRST > Morlock , 22 , from Wasilla , Alaska , is charged with premeditated murder in the deaths of three Afghan civilians , assaulting a fellow soldier and \wrongfully photographing and possessing visual images of human casualties . \"" 
Glad I don't work at UT < PROPFIRST > anymore ! Some wing nuts were posting it would be good if the concealed < PROPFEMALE > citizens had been in PC Library this morning-No innocent bystanders students around there that woulda been in jeopardy . Them NRA type conceal < PROPFEMALE > tea bagging people are trained to shoot real well , bubba , gosh darn it , the average < PROPFIRST > is just as good as a Swat team , ain't they ? 
Reading the news coverage of Rutgers University student < PROPFIRST > Clememti's suicide has me very sad . I can't imagine how griefstricken his parents must be . His death was due to intolerance . You can have any opinion on homosexuality you want , but no one has the right to hound someone to their death . 
This is incredible and depressing- http://www.wsaw.com/home/headlines/Women_Helping_the_Needy_Murdered_in_Racine_105431088.html 
The guy who murdered this woman was a registered sex offender who was using a < PROPMALE > . They found < PROPMALE > prints under her body ! 
Sometimes it's all written fine print between the lines of the recipe for pimento cheese spread not bought at the store kind and swinging slamming screen doors squeeking with the butterkrust bread girl biting into a slice sign going inside to get a bbq sandwich with brisket , side of tater salad and banana pudding for dessert . 
I know exactly where I was 25 years ago at this time-in the hospital , having my daughter ! Hope she has a great birthday . 
I'm afraid to go out on my porch . Tiger is determined to use it as a cold storage locker for dead mice . Found one mostly intact mouse yesterday , and one in interesting bits . Apparently the tail is not good to eat . 
Somedays it is a good day to die , some days it is a good day to go vote . Then go eat breakfast . 
Very depressing to see that < PROPMALE > feingold was not re-elected senator from Wisconsin . He's a truly brilliant man with a great streak of independence and common sense . \ 
I know people are tired of the recession so they want to give someone else a < PROPMALE > . 
I truly hope the newly elected of any party will work for the best of all Wisconsin's people , and not just pamper the already < PROPMALE > . 
When in doubt , throw it in a pot and make soup . 
Check out these great photos of Saturday's PowWow here in Wausau ! \ 
http://www.wausaudailyherald.com/apps/pbcs.dll/gallery?Avis=U0&Dato=20101107&Kategori=WDH01&Lopenr=11070812&Ref=PH 
RIP Zahra < PROPFEMALE > Baker . Poor little girl . I wish nothing but an excruciating death to her murderer . I wish nothing but pain for all child abusers and pedophiles . 
Catch a kid doing something right today-doesn't have to be your kid , could be any kid doing the right thing-and praise them for it , loud enough for others to hear . 
Dear God , Goddess or Higher Power , Thanks for all the lessons and living I have been privileged to do . Now , I have a suggestion for you-Add more love in the world and less child abuse . Just my most worshipful thought . 
Worshipful wish for today , more love in the world , less cynicism . 
p3 active 
Looks like there might be some shoveling to do ... 
Oh , a smeasly 13.5 inches of snow . Not too bad .. 
Well , I guess I'm too fat to be a ballet dancer ( not to mention too short and old . ) Such a beautiful < PROPMALE > form , and so much pressure . Glad to be a poet , we can be fat , old , smelly , whatever ! 
Almost nine degrees below zero ( F ) and the cat's mad he can't go out . 
All shook up ! Took a swift header on the ice today , thankfully didn't smack my head on my < PROPFIRST > , just landed on tush and arm . 
Shoveling snow gets more difficult when you start running out of room to pile it . And I don't see why smoking cigarettes has to be so bad for you , because this quitting crud is getting tedious . Heck yeah I'm grumpy . Pass me some chocolate someone . 
Pumpkin pies are in the oven . Smelling good . Lots of people I wish I would be seeing this holiday , places I would have to go to see them all . Somehow all my loved ones are alive in the space between my ears . 
After all this time , I still am amazed and grateful when I get sweet real love sent my way . 
What does a person need ? 
I feel sorry for the parents of < PROPMALE > Loughner ( Tuscon shooter ) . Once a child has reached 18 , parents can't force their children to get mental health care . Even if they can commit their child , it is usually for a few days . Then it's back out of the streets . Not to mention that the child who needs help feels betrayed and angry . 
Only so much football left ! I'd love my Packers to win .. but I mainly just want to see some playing with heart . 
Make your own conclusions . Think for yourself , be yourself . Form your own internal moral code , and live by it . 
If you think it's futile to bother about your fellow human beings , to try to do good or prevent bad from happening , then you will never acheive those things . 
An individual is someone who lives for himself/herself . Self is their primary motivation-it's all about getting-money , power , gratification . Every day you have a choice-to be an individual or a member of the human race . 
Thank God , I say , whether you belive in God or not , that some people have cared about their fellows . 
For example , people like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . He stood up . He said what had to be said . He knew that everyone is created not just equal , but special . 
Give . If you can't give of yourself , of your better nature to the world , try to take a little less space up . 
I have seen so much evil in this world . I have been the victim of lots more of it than I would have liked . What I have learned is that humans take responsibilty for their actions . Bad people ( yes , they exist , not everyone is redeemable ) always feel entitled to an excuse , look for someone/something to blame . 
Bad news today . My sister in law , < PROPFIRST > , my brother's ex , was killed last night in a car accident . Very very sad . 
So wish I could be in Texas for my sis in laws funeral . Can't-doing more school to maybe someday get a degree . Wish I could help . 
Go Pack !!!! 
Can't believe we made the Superbowl . I never would have thought we would have made it this far after such a lukewarm regular season . Unbelievable , I'm so psyched . 
If you live in Marathon County , I hope you will consider voting for < PROPFIRST > Rotter for judge . I have known < PROPFIRST > for approximately three years now , and would personally vouch for his thoughfulness , fairness and integrity . Justice is not just a word to < PROPFIRST > , it is the ruling passion of his life . 
Get out and vote if you live in Marathon County . I recommend < PROPFIRST > Rotter for judge . 
Send a note to Gov . < PROPMALE > if you don't feel that citizens should give up rights in tax bills ! govgeneral@wisconsin.gov 
I broke down and read the budget repair < PROPMALE > . The part about Wisconsin's power plants being up for sale to whoever the state wants to give them to-rather than the highest bidder-seems awful suspicious . And then the further wording is that the sold power plants would not be under the oversight of the Public Service Commission-hmm . Fishy . 
Read the < PROPMALE > for yourself and see what you think . 
Feel very discouraged . The news about state troopers being sent out to hunt down Democrats actually makes me feel physically ill and close to tears . Feels so dangerous , like we're turning into a police state . 
I also don't understand how our Governor , who understands that bus services all over the state will go out of business if his < PROPMALE > passes , won't negotiate . Buses are the only public transportation here in Wisconsin . How can the disabled get to work , the elderly get to the pharmacy , supermarkets ? I know lots of people who have to take the bus . It's not optional for them . 
AAArghh- lots of studying today , got bio test tomorrow . 
Great episode of American Experience tonight -Triangle shirtwaist fire . One of the reasons we have unions . Long may they wave . 
Outraged . My state has been taken over by those who seek to curtail the rights of the working class in favor of big business . 
If you live in Wisconsin , feel free to go to my notes < PROPFEMALE > and copy my letters written for your Republican state senator or Governor < PROPMALE > . The email for Gov . is govgeneral @wisconsin . Marathon county state republican state senator < PROPFEMALE > Galloway is Sen.Galloway@legis.wisconsin.gov 
yeah , another poem in the notes . Must study today for math test . 
On my mind is a loss coming hard for me no way to dodgeball it and i'm thinking bout lots a things , poems , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and so ok i wrote another poem about names 
