life moves pretty fast . if you don't stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it . 

Your clothes never wear as well the next day , and your hair never falls in quite the same way . 
definitely wanting to pull my hair out in the photo lab . 
so scared of getting older , i'm only good at being young . 
Not really feeling the massive traffic I faced on the way to school this morning . >:( 
i smell the first all-nighter of my college experience coming on . ugh . :( 
there would be so much less to distract me if i had to do my work on a typewriter . :| 
there was a good man named < PROPFIRST > revere . i feel much better baby when you're near . 
my room is freezing . pandora is amazing . so is making/receiving mixed cds . i do not want to work tonight . i have to study for psych . and i really , really wanna take a nap . oh - and my room is freezing . 
and facebook won't let me change my current city to ' oil and petrochemical refinery state ' . :( boo . 
Definitely gonna be a matchmaker one day ... HA . :3 
Happy Friday ! :) 
Stoked that today will be my last day shooting inanimate objects for school . Tomorrow starts real , moving , breathing PEOPLE . :D 
Picking my victims to take portraits of over the next two weeks . Mwahaha . >:] 
this . class . is . endlesss . 
Weird people are drawn to me . /: 
But sophistication isn't what you wear , or who you know ; or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go . Oh they didn't teach you that in prep school ; so it's up to me . But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity . 
Grr . 
My sanity was questioned when the kid next to me in English looked at my planner and saw \shoot sisters\ " on my to-do list . Oops . :D " 
Why can't we talk it over ? Oh , it seems to me that sorry seems to be the hardest word . 
it's official , i have the attention span of a goldfish . 
in the mood for some new music . what's your favorite [ non mainstream ] song ? :) 
there's a place on the corner of < PROPFEMALE > street ; we would walk on the beach in our bare feet . :) 
woke up later than i wanted to because it's so dark . :( long work day today . ughhh . :( 
just finished babysitting a 7 year old for 8 hours . i'm proud to say i beat him in one video game , < PROPFIRST > kart . :D 
:D ! 
it's such a good weekend . yesterday was 4 years baptized for me , and tomorrow is my SAD . :) <3 
you may be right , i may be crazy . but it just may be a lunatic you're looking for . 
raise your hand if you hate your four hour photo class ! o/ 
1/2 of my research paper due tomorrow for class . how much is done ? the title . ugh . 
i throw my skittles in the air sometimes , sayin ' ayo , taste the rainbow . 
i wish loneliness would leave me , but i think he's here to stay . dear song , get outta my head . 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want ...... : to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is SpecialEducation week and this is ... in honor of Children with Special needs . 
1 . rain . 2 . iced venti sweetened passion tea lemonade . 3 . music . 4 . talk to dad . 5 . paper . good night ? me thinks so . :) 
never make someone your priority when they only make you an option . 
making apple muffins while i do my psych paper . :) 
just listened to a mixed cd my dad & i made when i was 7 . i've come to the conclusion that i was the coolest 7 year-old ever . :{ D 
i . hate . being . sick . :( 
first class of the day cancelled . yeaaah . :) 
if it's not too late for coffee , i'll be at your place in ten . 
happy 16th anniversary to mommy & papi . :) <3 
six o'clock already ? i was just in the middle of a dream . :( 
why don't you just go away ? i can't seem to get my head straight . there's so much i need to say , it could take all day . 
what a soggy day . in other news , why do some adults find it acceptable to act like children ? 
Lose one friend , lose all friends , lose yourself . 
what a good night . :) 
living is easy with eyes closed . 
Just in case anyone is wondering , < PROPMALE > ManofAction < PROPFIRST > has been reinstated as my homie . 
is so excited , and she just can't hide it . 
sleep is oh so good . i should make more time for it . :D 
:( whatever . going to spend some quality time with my laptop and inception . 
can you imagine no love , pride , deep-fried chicken , your best friend always stickin ' up for you , even when i know you're wrong ? can you imagine no first dance , freeze dried romance , five-hour phone conversation ? the best soy latte that you ever had ; and me . 
i can't wait to celebrate when this semester is over . 
we're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are . 
watch out homecrest , i'm comin ' for ya ! :D 
is now officially accepting hugs in honor of national ' hug a stressed college student ' day . 
we are young , we run green ; keep our teeth nice and clean ; see our friends , see the sights ; feel alright . 
sick sick sick . :( today shall be a movie day . 
our dreams , and they are made out of real things , like a shoebox of photographs with sepia-toned lovin ' . 
to do : study for psych exam . study more for psych exam . ace psych exam . forget stress . enjoy weekend . 
laissez < PROPMALE > bons temps rouler . 
last day of classes today ! :) 
i'm mature enough that i've forgiven you ; but not dumb enough to trust you again . 
it's a cool place , and they say it gets colder . you're bundled up now wait ' til you get older . 
throwing a costume party for all the lovely little ladies in my hall . :) 
aw creepy people i love you too , but that doesn't mean you all have to sit near me in starbucks . :| 
Ignorance is bliss , my friend . Don't burden yourself with the secrets of scary people . 
i just wanna live my life like it's the 90's . like it's a tv show . there could be problems , but we would solve them on next week's episode . 
hoping i would see the world through both my eyes . maybe i will tell you all about it when i'm in the mood to lose my way with words . 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > livermore and it has been 48 hours since my last game of snake . 
considering the fact that i'll be on a plane in twelve hours , i should probably start packing ... 
the weather is here , i wish you were beautiful . 
love is the answer , at least for most of the questions in my heart ;\ 
like why are we here ? and where do we go ? and how come it's so hard ? it's not always easy , and sometimes life can be deceiving . i'll tell you one thing , its always better when we're together . 
you are sitting there thinking your thoughts . they are not about what is , but what is not . 
i can't believe it's snowing this much the day i get home . ick . 
if all the snowflakes were < PROPFEMALE > bars and milkshakes , oh what a snow that would be ! :P 
and all her friends tell her she's so pretty ; but she'd be a whole lot prettier if she smiled every once in a while . 
it means no worries for the rest of your days . 
has a migraine . not so cool beans . :\\ 
being grown up isn't half as fun as growing up . these are the best days of our lives . :) 
chivalry is dead . 
6 degrees ? You've got to be kidding me . -_- 
GRRR . 
dear neighbor , i hope you didn't see me open my curtains to take pictures out my window just now . otherwise you may think i'm a super freak . so sorry . :D love always , < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
p.s. your tv is too bright at night so i guess no we're even . 
after three hours of spongebob , I think my brain is starting to turn to mush . :/ 
is a nerd . 
finally got her letter from rbc ! :D 
is sad because SOMEONE * coughTony Molinacough * cancelled her lunch plans and chose ' work ' over her ! :( 
we are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . 
i have a new respect for people who are required to do food shopping on a regular basis ; it may be the worst thing ever . 
worst decision of the day : offering to play monopoly with a 6 and 8 year old . x ( 
i'm just a little bit caught in the middle , life is a maze and love is a riddle . 
living just to keep going , loving just to be sane . all the while not knowing , it's such a shame . 
duh , winning . 
:) 
your eyes must do some raining if you're ever gonna grow . 
i could definitely get used to this weather . :) 
¯\\_ (?) _/¯ 
had dinner at < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight with some excellent company . <3 
dear snow , we will never ever be friends . i'd appreciate it if you would stop showing up outside my house and everywhere i go . you're starting to irritate my friends and family . 
when faced with two choices , simply toss a coin . it works not because it settles the question for you ; but because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air , you suddenly know what you are hoping for . 
anyone have words with friends ? :) 
i've got some friends , some that i hardly know . but we've had some times i wouldn't trade for the world . we < PROPMALE > these days down with talks of the places that we will go . 
