\\" All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . \ " - < PROPMALE > Burke " 

wonders , what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway . 
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year . California : your move 
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight . Happy Independence Day ! 
is highly amused . The comparisons between < PROPFEMALE > Palin and < PROPFIRST > Nixon , as well as claims of her narcissism , are a classic case of psychological projection . ( Nixon , really ? Just how frightened are they of this woman ? ) The MSM are actually referring to no 
just began his first involuntary , five-day furlough . So sad . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > McNamara 
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse . Back to work tomorrow . 
is reading his packet for law school orientation . This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time . 
always looks on the bright side of life : our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic . 
wonders , with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population , when did this stop being a war ? 
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs . 
is wishing his < PROPFEMALE > a happy ( and momentous ) two-month anniversary . 
rarely ever gets sick . Hopefully this will pass quickly . 
is feelin ' much better ( and stronger everyday ) 
is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care < PROPMALE > or have it interpreted for them . Apparently , this is a luxury our representatives ( and President ) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis 
is attending the < PROPMALE > Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park . 
is now on ( the ) twitter . This had better be worth it . 
came home to a box of Panda licorice , a favorite . I feel loved . 
is convinced , with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class , it's not going to happen . Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since < PROPFIRST > Nixon would all but certify the loss of his re- 
has on his soothsayer cap : [ One day , parents who send their children to \super-gold-plated-Cadillac\ " private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families ] " 
wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick/injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services . 
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the < PROPFEMALE > for the rest of the week . 
is in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to see the family . Still missing the < PROPFEMALE > . 
is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school . Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it . 
is going to law school . see y'all in three years . 
remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by \bringing the troops home\ " . It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot . " 
is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow . 
is one lucky guy . First class , first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case . Thankfully , I did alright . 
is steadily developing an iron butt . And no , he hasn't been to the gym lately . 
doesn't think passing a < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > Kennedy's casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us . 
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral . 
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress . 
is thinking , what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called , \Pig Out in the Park \"" 
is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple . 
is thankful ; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour . 
heard the pres was on the TV tonight 
always says , whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier . 
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air ... or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter . 
wonders which is more inappropriate ; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a \jackass \"." 
Mr Hart's 1L advice : when preparing for the socratic method , remember to think in questions . 
reminds those engaging in civil discourse ; when you have to resort to accusations of racism , you're probably losing the debate . 
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz . Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth , mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and \freedom from want\ " is a condition better reserved for animals and small children . " 
You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in ... 
was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night . 
has settled on a parish . Happy days . 
is thinking of a movie title ; Dr. Strangehair or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Look 
It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here . 
First law school midterm this monday . This one's for a third of the clams . 
thinks he did alright . Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names , but certainly alright . 
< PROPMALE > Gore was bad enough , but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory . The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility -- forever . 
reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now . 
is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow . Should be interesting . 
wonders why no one ever followed up on < PROPMALE > Humphrey's pledge to eat the CRA . 
second season of the Paper < PROPMALE > is being released this December . Sweeeet . 
just finished a 48 hour take-home midterm and is in dire need of a haircut . 
Perspectives class : fundamentalist christian ---> eugenicist In case you're wondering , we finished beating up on the conservative straw man last week . 
We have growth , but at the price of future jobs -- all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later . What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery ? We're already printing more money than ever before . We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee , because dear leader wants to be re-elected . Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch ? 
It's crunch time . See y'all in a month or so . 
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures . Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a < PROPFEMALE > inside . 
Finals . 
Well , that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life . Same time next year , I hope . 
Happy New Year ! Onwards and upwards in 2011 . 
gets to see < PROPMALE > Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row . hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use ... FTW ! 
Archer is hilarious . 
loves USPS . When you underpay for online postage , they charge you at the counter . When you overpay , they pocket the difference and say \thank you\ " . Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell ? " 
along with wife < PROPFEMALE > , have decided to celebrate filing their first , joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way , by purchasing a new TV . 
How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . You guys are awesome . 
is strongly considering JAG after law school . Might attend OCS over the summer . 
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three < PROPMALE > in eighteen minutes . Good first attempt . 
feels special . Today , a coffee vending machine gave me back my quater as the word \winner\ " flashed on the screen . yaaay " 
Three JAG interviews tomorrow morning : Coast Guard , Air Force , and the National Guard . Also had the Marines and Army over the last few weeks . I wonder why the Navy never came to the campus . 
is pleased with the results at CPAC . Not because I think < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is going to be the nominee in 2012 , but because it shows the electorate may now be situated such that an actual conservative will be nominated in 2012 . 
made it to spring break . now for the joy of ... outlining ? ahh , why couldn't I have picked a less expensive pyramid scheme . 
will be participating in the 2010 census . 
finished the 2010 census . Not expecting big brother to rappel down the side of the apartment anytime soon ... 
just put the new Washington plates on . Next thing you know , I'll be begrudgingly voting for some RINO and it will all begin to feel like home . 
is reminding Americans to get on the treadmill and change your diet tomorrow . Trust me , you won't want to develop a chronic illness within the next 20-30 years . 
has an angel for a bride . Only a paragon of virtue would provide balance to my chicago style pizza with a plate of fruits and vegetables . 
< PROPMALE > Glass solo on piano tonight ! 
He is risen . 
is chalking it up to bad form , but is nonetheless pleased to have completed 225 push-ups and 560 sit-ups over the course of an hour . Now , off to run like a madman for two < PROPMALE > . 
wonders how these fools can get away with calling a flat tax regressive for poor people out of one side of their mouths while proposing a value added tax out of the other . 
feels like his legs are about to break off . Progress , no ? 
is taking the APFT tomorrow . Hoping for good results . 
247 . Not my best , but I'm going to LTC this summer . 
at the gym : Obama on the television , overture to the Thieving Magpie on the iPod . Classic . 
just finished his first year of law school . Never have I needed a drink more than this moment . 
is laying a driveway ... I realize meteorologists can't tell their asses from their elbows when it comes to forecasting , but the least they can do is stick their heads out the window and correctly measure the weather as it occurs . Pathetic . 
Times flies when you're married to your soul's better half . Happy anniversary , < PROPFEMALE > . 
worries of a Grecian thought --- some politician looking at the latest employment figures and concluding we should make temporary government jobs permanent/more prevalent , a very bad deal for sure . 
is pleased to have a working modem once again , that he might search the google for rumors on the internets . 
That was in poor taste , Mr. President . You know , there are more constructive ways to feign passion . 
The car breaks down , we're stuck at the cottage , and the wife goes off on her bike to get me a beer . Isn't she the greatest ? 
is done with summer finals . Now , back to the gym . Shipping out for LTC in one week . 
finds it ironic that the stimulus , a nakedly political move to create the illusion of job growth , should < PROPFIRST > out just before the midterm elections . Pack your backs you bolshy charlatans , the wilderness beckons . 
Happy Independence Day 
would do anything for love , but I won't do that ( watch a Twilight movie ) . 
Heat advisories announced for Kentucky . Damn-you-manbearpig ! * shakes fist in general direction of manbearpig * 
Coming home in nine days . Looking forward to it . 
graduated LTC and made it home last night . Now to clean up the mess he left behind . 
misses his wife : c 
10k 550 tomorrow at RFC --- hooah 
45:35 minus 20-30 seconds for a stoplight . This can be improved . 
APFT tomorrow 0540 at Mulligan Field . Starting to feel like I caught my wife's flu . Oh nos ... 
got sick halfway through the APFT but sill managed to pass . It'll be contracting time once I can get myself out of bed . 
Never forget . 
took my oath tonight . < PROPFEMALE>'s got my heart , Jesus has my soul , and the Army has my ass . 
PT : good for you , good for me 
Are there any fellow UC < PROPMALE > alumni out there who are willing to be one of my background check references ? I would really appreciate the help . Thanks . 
is just about done with the security clearance form . Now to get in a few winks before it's time for ... ULTIMATE FRISBEE IN EARLY HOUR LIMITED VISIBILITY -- hooah . 
10K ruck march tomorrow . Joes like us ; baby , we were born to ruck . 
is stoked . Tickets for < PROPFEMALE > Burana arrived . Shame it's half a year away . Awesome seats though . 
is going to Scarywood tonight with the misses . Hope it's good , I have a high tolerance for shock and horror . 
is tired and cranky today . Why ? CAUSE THE RENT'S TOO DAMN HIGH 
Night land nav , 1830 at C7M . My spidey sense tells me some of us will be ambushed by cadre wearing menacing costumes . 
Happy Halloween , get some < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to arouse an eager want in you . 
Fall FTX all weekend . The hooah is swelling in my chest like some kind of heaving , matted beast . 
To all that have , will , or are currently serving in the armed forces , thank you . 
Damn , and I was really looking forward to sporting that speedo . After all , you know what they say about stripes . 
is on call today to discuss United States v . Nixon --- scandal , intrigue , and diabolical plumbing . woo ! 
Scored a PB on the APFT . Now the real test : how many days can the human body survive on little to no sleep IOT < PROPMALE > performance on an appellate brief . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Snow runs through West Spokane are pretty exhilarating . I would highly recommend one . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielsen . Surely , he was one of the greats ? 
Put a childhood cartoon character where your face would normally go . Why ? A child abuser might think twice about abusing a child .... dain-ja zone ... 
One down , three to go . Bring it on , you shysters . I'm still kicking . 
Yep . Still hating on the yoga . 
One more to go : evidence . Take a breath , drink some water , drive on . 
Just a reminder during finals week : you tend to retain just as much information with a full night's rest as you would if you were to pull an all-nighter . When it comes to execution the following day , feeling rested can make all the difference . 
Done . Now for a little R&R and my winter break mission : the 300 . 
Watching a miniseries about the Adams family . Stop snapping your fingers , it's not that Adams family . 
I will be in California from about the 16th to the 19th . 509-850-7797 if you'd like me to pay you a visit . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Rafferty . \Stuck in the Middle With You\ " and \ " Baker Street\ " are a damn good legacy . " 
Going to my first Chiefs game tonight . Old-time hockey , eh ? 
NewSouth Books is to release a censored version of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn . I guess it makes better business sense to cook a book rather than burn it . 
Chiefs win 6-0 ! And I scored free IHOP pancakes and a chalupa just for being there . Chiefs hockey IS the awesome . 
Rediscovering my affinity for Load-Garage Inc . < PROPFEMALE > Metallica . 
stoked to get a proper set of dumbbells this weekend . had to warn the mrs. about a pair of guns around the house . hehe ooh yeah . talking about my biceps right there . 
The power of jury nullification is a fascinating subject . Should we encourage juries ( the people ) to serve as an additional check/balance against bad laws and failures of due process ? 
Doing my taxes in January . Thanks , U.S. Dept . of < PROPMALE > . 
How funny , the top google results have merged with the ads . So much for don't be evil , eh guys ? 
\I’d like to find your inner child and kick its little ass . \"" 
On the way home , saw an unmarked police truck towing a deck boat , lights on , speeding down the fast < PROPFIRST > in pursuit of --- something . Weird . 
Let's get rucked up . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and festivities . I am touched to have so many great friends . 
Congratulations for today's ability pair competition winners : c/SGTs < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Let the healing begin , right friggin ' now . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to my beautiful wife . Hope she feels better in time for the military ball . 
The new Radiohead album is pretty disappointing . Their distribution method was far more innovative/impressive than the actual product . 
Snow , we meet again . 
Snow Day . Gonzaga is closed for business . 
14th Regiment . It's going to be like LTC all over again . 
Enjoyed drinks and my first Cuban with some great people last night . Sure was fun getting to jam on the guitar again . 
