so ready only 3 more months to go till i get to meet my baby i can't wait to see what he looks like . 

wow so busy at work today i hate the holidays everyone comes in for a haircut but that means good money for me ! 
fixing to go to work oh i hate the morning shifts 
so so bored there is absolutly nothing to do !!!! 
well i finally got up the guts to cut my hair short i can't believe it but i actually like it alot !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
wondering why u don't realize what's important in life and what u have until u lose it and it may b to late to get it back 
so i'm starting to think can my due date actually only be 11 weeks away 
Happy New Year !!!! 
Working a 9 hr shift today I got an hr and a half to go I'm so wore out 
Fixin to study 
Omg it's actually snowing and sticking to the ground yay we never get snow here !!!!! 
so after work i took a 4 hr nap i never do that but all i seem to be anymore is tired and sore 
dare to dream ..... live as if there are no limits 
wow my dog just bit me for the first time not on purpose but he got ahold of my hand pretty damn good 
so i lost my cell phone today hopefully i should have anyother one in 2 weeks we shall see 
i finally got me a new phone today but i still have no one's < PROPFIRST > damn ppl for stealing stuff !!! 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree . 
about 6 weeks left to go thank god !!!! 
5 weeks left woohoo 
my dog is going to drive me crazy if he doesn't shut up soon 
< PROPFIRST > has finally arrived 6lb 15oz 20in long i'm in love 
my poor lil < PROPFIRST > only 3 weeks old and he already has a cold i feel so bad for him 
my poor baby is still sick finally taking him to the dr today 
< PROPFIRST > is a month old today i cant believe it 
what to do this weekend ? I have no idea 
cannot wait for my trip to ohio 
got off work early and couldn't wait to get home to see my baby , get here to find an empty house my mom took him out sooo sad i miss him so much 
tomarrow is my first offical day back to work can't wait to make some money but i'll be missing < PROPFIRST > 
bowling is great enough said 
gotta start packing woohoo i'm so rdy for a trip 
packing and doing laundry and laundry and guess what more laundry 
getting ready to go to the airport tonight i will be in ohio 
officially in ohio god its cold here i miss arkansas weather 
glad to b in ohio right now away from all the tornados just hope my dogs r ok 
another great day couldn't b any happier about the way things r going 
finally got < PROPFIRST>'s 2 1/2 month photos he is the cutest my lil man 
so excited for riverfest its gonna b great this year 
Riverfest sunday then to the lake monday can't wait 
Working on such a nice hot day 
Had so much fun in tunica i'm so glad to be home again though i missed my lil < PROPFIRST > 
Sweet i'm in arkansas 
Ahh back to work nakin that money 
why is their always drama when u work in a salon 
ready for the 4th can't wait to see what < PROPFIRST > thinks of the fireworks 
i just want a glass or two of wine is that to much to ask 
< PROPFIRST>'s 4 month check up was today he is tall for his age thank god he took after his daddy instead of me 
i'm am loving the job transfer can't wait to go back to work tomarrow 
my baby laughed for the first time it was so cute 
Woohoo cookout cant wait to get off work and enjoy the food and company and see my sweeties 
Working today 6 hrs all by myself tell me that doesn't suck 
Working then i get to go home and take my exam and take care of my lil man 
All i want to do is sit at home and study and spend time with my lil man 5 months old already 
I'm so excited to be going back to work in < PROPMALE > again !!!! 
work , school , and taking care of my baby that is all i have time for anymore there is just not enough hours in the day ...... 
ahh my morning coffee it don't get much bettter than that . 
i'm loving my brand spanking new laptop my parents r the best i love ya'll 
I'm in such a bad mood today i just wanna go home 
yay i'm back in < PROPMALE > starting this week i can't wait !!! Although i will miss my girl < PROPFEMALE > in maumelle its all good tlhough we'll defintly have to have a girls nite out 
god i keep thinking its sunday , mondays off work always throw me off for the week 
i'm sitting outside on the porch enjoying my cigarette and my coffee and catching up with some friends 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship . This type of friend picks up like they just spoke to you yesterday , regardless of how long it's been , how far away they live & they don’t hold grudges . They understand that life's busy and that you'll always love them . Re post this if you're blessed to have @ least one friend like this 
oh Ohio Ohio i miss you so 
ready for saturday girls night watch out here we come !! 
enjoying a can of spaghettios 
i wanna go somewhere but at the same time i'm just to tired maybe < PROPFIRST > will take a nap that way mommy can have one to lol 
woohoo saturday is finally here ready to get my work day over with and head over to the cowboy tonight with my girls 
had so much fun this weekend i love my besties kiss kiss 
my poor baby has a cold 
i'm really beginning to hate ppl so if u ain't one of my besties leave me da hell alone for now 
poor < PROPFIRST > won't stop crying he don't feel good at all poor lil guy 
yay now i'm sick too 
omg i am so sick and i have to < PROPFIRST > to the doctor so i can't even take any medicine 
woohoo razorback game tomarrow can't wait 
Where's my taco < PROPFEMALE > i'm hungry 
arkansas is kicking butt awesome game 
Hogs win 44-3 woopigsooie razoracks 
can't wait to get off work and i get tomarrow off hooray 
i don't know why i was so excited to get off work it ain't like there's anything to do where r all my friends at when i need them :( 
i'm offically hooked on wow again 
cleaning house 
another day at work and i get to close yuck !! 
ahhhhh i can't find my work shoes 
my baby turned 6 months old today :) 
i have to close at work today and i so don't feel like going 
i have the day off yay !!! 
watching the 9/11 on t.v. its so sad 
off for 3 days hooray !! 
my phone is pissing me off i need a new that doesn't just shut off whenever it feels like it 
can't wait to go halloween shopping 
what a perfect evening i'm on cloud 9 
i'm ready for the weekend to get here already ! 
just me and < PROPFIRST > today i love my lil man so much but deffintly ready for satuday nite out 
i feel like shopping and maybe getting my nails done 
so excited about the halloween costume idea i think we should deffintly do it ! 
so sick of this couph and i just found out my kid has asthma so i'm offically done smoking 
keep on whispering in my ear tell me all the things that i wanna hear 
had the most amazing time yesterday 
ready to go shopping 
So happy the weekend is finally here 
omg defintyly the most amazing day and night hands down :) 
well i thought i would clean my room which was stupid it stays clean for 1 minute before < PROPFIRST > is pulling all of his toys back out all over my floor , gotta love the little guy :-) 
at work makin so money 
i think i need to be done studying for the night gotta be up super early for work 
hmmm feels good to relax finally gotta do some studying and head to bed for another day of work tomarrow 
:-) @ > ------ 
i'm in one of those moods i need to get happy again someone help me out here 
ohhh how i love my bed nite nite ...... 
finally home relaxing with my baby wished i had more time to where i could see a certain someone though 
one word AMAZING ! 
got my eyes checked today and apparently i need to wear glasses all the time now but on the plus side my glasses i got are super cute 
wish my new glasses would come in already i'm so sick of my eyes burning from straining them 
had a great evening you know who you are and thank you so much for making that yummy steak dinner 
what a crappy day at work blah 
so so sick i don't know if i have food poisoning or the flu either way i can't take it much longer 
got my new glasses and wow its amazing i didnt relalize my eyes were bad 
had the best night good food , a good movie , and someone great to share it with oh yes and a nice glass of wine yummy 
needs to go shopping today anyone wanna come ? 
i'm ready for winter bring the cold on i'm ready to wear my new jacket :-) 
off work hooray but i have to work until 9 tomarrow night and i have to work sunday blah 
hmmmm i got < PROPFIRST > to bed now what should mommy do ? 
Enjoying some yummy alligator chili 
finally made my peacan pie today and it turned out so good i'm ready to make another one already 
In a great mood today but my neck is killing me cant wait to get off work to c my baby boy i missed him so much 
sitting at home with no electricity boo 
yay the power is finally back on idk how ppl survived back in the day when there was no electric 
getting ready for bed gotta get up early for the black friday shopping and then waiting for my dad and stepmoms flight to get in i can't wait to c them again missed them so much 
all done with my christmas shopping i'm so ahead of schedule this year hooray !!!! 
having a great time with my dad and stepmom they got me some bday presents yay so not ready to turn 26 though ugh 
back to work tomarrow cutting , coloring , styling , perming , and waxing come see me !!!! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon character . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your status to invite yourfriends to do the same . 
buckeyes vs . razorbacks hell ya i told ya'll that buckeyes will kill the razorbacks and now we will get to see that proven 
can't believe my baby is gonna be 1 in only 3 more months where is the year going ? 
wishes i could go to bed and it would be saturday i just wanna skip friday lol 
my head has been killing me all day and no medicine is helping it at all but on the plus side i passed another exam woohoo 
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes love ya'll 
Back to work tomarrow for the closing shift 
Can't wait until christmas 
So ready to go home 
Working late night and of course all the big bosses are coming in today I must keep my temper under control 
sittin at home ready to see a movie tonight 
Cannot wait for christmas I wanna see my baby play with the wrapping paper and boxes more than his toys we got him lol this child is so spoiled already 
this was by far one of my best christmas's ever thank you to the one's that made it so special for me . i love ya'll 
Is super excited < PROPFIRST > sleep from 9 yesterday night until 8:30 this morning no feeding in the middle of the night now I have to < PROPFEMALE > breaking him of his pacifer habit 
At work doing the closing shift blah I'm ready to go home 
Getting ready for work if I can jjust get my butt out off bed but all of this rain uss making me sleepy 
Off work and sitting at the house I finally got my nails done yay 
yay an 85 on my last calcius exam yes !!! my average in class is an 87 not to shabby 
Thinking about nice warm summer weather I'm done with winter I'm ready for swimming and tanning 
Gonna be up studying all night and see if I can knock out another exam 
My baby finally has his first tooth coming in yay now I know why he's been so fussy 
i need a vacation bad at least just a weekend away 
Enjoying a bowl of icecream with < PROPFIRST > then off to bed gotta work at 9 am tomarrow 
At work and omg my tooth is killing me today 
Yay I go to the dentist tomarrow I hope they can do something with my tooth at least gives me some pain medication 
Grrr I can't handle the pain but I have to make it until 10:00 tomarrow 
So I'm back from the dentist and its either I pull the tooth out or I have a root canal which my insurance won't cover either one but I got medicine now 
Ready to watch ohio take down the razorbacks 
Feeling so much better now that I'm on pain killers and antibiotics but antibiotics < PROPMALE > me do itchy ugh its driving me nuts but it is better than a toothache 
I had the best evening and cooked a great dinner now bed time if I can just get < PROPFIRST > to sleep 
Enjoying the best cup of coffee I've ever had straight from guatemala oh its so yummy thank you so much hun for getting it for me 
god help me before I go crazy 
Logans asthma is really acting up today and he is really fussy I'm so ready for bedtime 
Why does life suck so much 
Stop wore out after working today and getting no sleep last night really hoping that < PROPFIRST > will sleep good tonight 
Working and my god what a slow saturday 
Change of plans I have b to work until 8 now but on the plus side I think I'm going our next saturday 
Out having a blast 
My poor baby is sick and there's nothing I can do for his cough 
I wanna get away 
I hate lazy ppl that don't come to work I hate you 
Woooo super bowl go packers 
Grrrrrr I can't sleep way to excited for the weekend 
Can't wait I bought a suv today and I get to pick it up tomarrow 
ahhh i can't sleep i'm to excited to go get my new suv 
I feel horrible i really dont wanna b sick 
Feeling much better me and < PROPFIRST > shared a burrito 
So im pretty sure i felt an earthquake last night 
Well my first day at my new job and i love it made me some really good money 
only 6 more days and my little boy is going to be a year old already i can't believe it !!! 
Another great day at work i'm so ready for another weekend away though i feel like doing something 
Off work today ohhhh what to do ? what to do ? 
Mmm had me some chinese food today well I cal it chinese but I usually just eat anything that is crabmeat there lol . Now If only I had a glass of wine . 
So ready for fat tuesday I'm ready to go out 
< PROPFIRST>'s first bday party us going to be sunday in cabot I cannot wait and monday her will officially be one year old 
So excited . today is < PROPFIRST>'s b day party and monday he week officially be a year old 
Well after hours of being in god awful pain my lil man came into this world mommy lives u so much < PROPFIRST > happy first birthday 
A rainy day makes me so sleepy but i have to go cut some hair this evening then going out with some friends for fat tuesday 
Well its offical i will be in ohio june 9th unil the 16th i got my plane tickets and i cannot wait 
I got < PROPFIRST > his first happy meal 
Finally going to get some sleep 
Room cleaned check dishes done check bathroom cleaned check now i get to rest and hopefully go out tonight 
Work is so boring today I'm just not feeling it so ready to be anywhere but here 
