Hello 2010 !! Hopefully this year will be as good or better than 2009 . 

I caved in and finally made a facebook . 
Just moved back in . Enjoying the quiet solitude before my roomates come back . 
One more week of classes ! I can't wait for this semester to be over ! 
Why do I always procrastinate with papers ?! 
One paper down . Three to go ! 
Yay ! My assignments for this week are all done !!!!! 
Only 2 more classes this week ! 
Well since my roomates and their stupid friends refuse to let me sleep , I am up for the day ! 
I love all the pretty snow flurries we're having here ! 
Five finals and I am done for the semester ! 
Finals : 2 down 3 to go 
I am officially done with my first semester of college !!!! YAY !! 
Wow . Theatre Fest was pretty fun and tiring to work at . I'm kind of glad it is over . 
Yay ! My internet finally works in my dormroom ! 
Wow , my refund check from my < PROPFEMALE > was over 2 thousand dollars ! Its a great day to have checked the mail box ! 
Have the design sculpted into a rubber stamp . 
Oh my god ! I think one of my roomates is going to have about six of her friends sleep over tonight after they go get drunk ... lovely . 
2:50 am , Watterson Towers . What do I here ? \May I have your attention please . There is a fire in the building . \ " When do I get back to my room ? 4:15 am Nothing like frozen hands and toes to start out my Monday . " 
Getting ready to go do 10 hours of paint crew . Yay ! Then 12 hours tomorrow . 
I swear if my roomates don't let me get a full night sleep this weekend someone is going to die ! 
Wooo ! Snow is so pretty ! 
All three of my classes today only lasted for twenty or thirty minutes . What a great Monday ! 
Got an A+ on my Social Psychology exam ! YAY !! 
Thanks practicum for making it practically impossible to audition for the freshman one acts ! 
\Success has a hundred fathers while failure is an orphan . \ " It is so true . " 
I have auditions tomorrow and Saturday at 11am . Didn't start to freak out until now . 
Well , apparently I am still not good enough to get into the acting < PROPMALE > here . Guess I'll just curl up in a dark hole and disappear . 
Paint crew is officially over . YAY !!! 
Dear ISU fire alarms , You have once again forced me to stand in the freezing cold for two hours for no reason at all . Hopefully this hasn't cost me the < PROPMALE > to see < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > because then you might find out what a real fire is like . Love , < PROPFEMALE > Gardner 
loves hanging out with friends at Steak n Shake at 3 in the morning making friends with the waiter . 
Nothing like another pointless fire alarm to break the monotony of my afternoon . 
Thanks for all of the BDay wishes . 
Note to self : Don't take the stairs down while carrying a full laundry container . It leads to falling and bruises . 
loves having my dorm room to myself ! 
Italian filled up 1 freackin ' day before I could register for it . Great . I hate you iCampus for giving me a crappy day to register ! 
YAY !!! I just happened to check when one seat of Italian opened ! It's now in my schedule !!! 
Wow , it rained for about three minutes and the road by the dorm is already flooded . Luckily I just sit in my room and laugh while people try to walk through it . 
Is angry that I can't go to the AHA film festival tomorrow . I hope it goes well for everyone . I'm sure all your movies are great . 
Wow , I didn't realize how much I used my computer until I couldn't for two days . 
Hm , spilling apple juice all over my shirt on my way to my first class . Great way to start the day . 
Ugh , I still have some green makeup in my eyebrows and hair line . When will it go away !? 
Just found out that my roomates's printer is broken . Now i have to figure out how to print something at Milner before my chemistry lab tomorrow . 
Wow , it's weird to think that I will be home in three weeks . 
Yay ! I have a job interview for next year at Watterson tomorrow . 
One more week of classes ! 
One more week and I will be out of my dorm !! YAY ! 
Abstract makeup design . Guh !! Why is this so hard ?! 
Secured a job for this summer and next school year . Pretty good day . 
is excited for Mock Prom tonight !!! 
Two finals on Tuesday and I am done !!!!! 
My finals are done and this time tomorrow I will be out of my dorm ! YAY !! 
Got an A on my Chemistry final ! 
No , Heroes !! :'( 
I love the 70 degree weather we're having . 
Congratulations to all the 2010 graduates of THS !! I wish I could have been there . :( 
Is getting very frustrated with the postal service 
No air conditioning at Steak n Shake for my 8 hour shift . Can you say heatstroke ? 
Never assume anything because you usually end up being wrong . 
Had a rock fly into my windshield at 55mph . Now I have to replace it on Friday . 
UGH !! This has definitely been one of the most frustrating summers of my life ! 
Off to Mattoon today to decide what I will be doing the next few years of my life 
Attention to all my friends from ISU : I'm sorry to tell you that because I manage to screw myself over with financial aid I will not be returning to ISU . I will miss you all . Don't worry I will come and visit . Thank you for the great year I had with you . 
wonders if anyone else has road rage when pushing a cart through the aisles at Wal-Mart ? 
feels like a moron and should learn not to get prematurely excited about anything . 
loves having people in my life who can make me laugh when i did not even feel like smiling :) 
Got my books today , classes start Monday . I wish I could feel excited about it . 
Tune in between 7 and 8 every Monday and Wednesday morning starting next week to hear me on 89.9 FM WLKL . I will be broadcasting live during that hour . 
Have to wake up and leave at 6 tomorrow morning for my first day at the radio station . Ugh , I miss sleeping . 
Made a little over $100 in tips today at work . Yay waitressing ! 
Cheeseburger+Cheesecake = weird , bad feeling in stomach . 
is excited to visit ISU on October 8th . I just wish I could stay longer than one day . :( 
I almost forgot how much i hate being sick 
Only one more class this week ! And I will be at ISU on Friday ! This week should be good . 
coming up to ISU tomorrow ! I'll be in the Bone Student Center between 9am and 2pm . Hope I get to see a couple friends there . 
Oh , ISU you still have my heart . After visiting today , I miss you more than ever . 
Should not have taken that nap before work , now I am bouncing off the walls . 
History paper #2 down . Now time for radio interview assignment . 
Times like this make me want to punch school in the face . 
No classes tomorrow ! I'm excited !! 
Comp paper , blech . 
wishes that sleep was not needed so much 
Class at 9:30 , I woke up at 10 . oops 
Research papers , guh . I can't wait for this semester to be over . 
Got an A on my comp paper , getting a 99% in the class . Heck yeah ! 
No final tomorrow , yay ! 
First final today , can't wait to be done with math 
Fall semester is over !! Looking forward to a few weeks out of school . 
Had first class today . I am already freaking out by the amount of work I'll have to do this semester . 
ATTENTION ALL MY FB FRIENDS : This semester me and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Lawhorn will be on Lake Land's radio station 89.9 FM from 10AM to Noon every week . If you have a Twitter account please follow us at @thejuicebox899 here you can tweet us a request , shout out , or give us a funny joke you heard and we will read it over the air , as long as it is appropriate . 
Dear Lake Land , please close when it snows like this . I don't think I'm willing to practically kill myself driving to Mattoon anymore . Thank you . 
RIP Mrs. Volk . You will always be one of the best and most inspirational teachers I have ever known . My heart and prayers go out to your family . You will be missed . 
Tree branch fell on the house last night , lost some power for a little over an hour . Glad it was fixed so quickly . 
No classes at Lake Land tomorrow ! 
My class is cancelled tomorrow , but I still have to drive to Mattoon anyway . Awesome 
Like me and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Lawhorn's group Party Hard Hour and request a song for us to play on 89.9 The < PROPMALE > Alternative . Do it NOW !!! We are on air now until noon . Listen live from anywhere on the station website . DO IT NOW !! 
LOVE this weather right now . Being able to drive 30 minutes with the window down is amazing . 
Just confirmed a business for sales project !! Heck Yeah !! 
I think I might have broken my pinky toe tonight . Stupid walls ! 
Is about to throw my laptop at the wall . 
Woke up at 8:15 class starts at 8:40 and I live half an hour away . Only 20 minutes late . Great way to start the week . 
No writing class today !! YAY !!! 
Thanks for all the BDay wishes . I had a good day . Now to study to be a certified RMP . 
Passed my RMP certification with 94% Booyah ! 
Ugh , so sick ! Can barely function . I hate being sick ! 
I karate chopped a fireman in my car because I am sexy and I do what I want ! 
Resume done and ready for the job fair tomorrow . Bring it on ! 
Sales class why you make me so busy ? 
I am excited to be coming up to Normal and ISU this weekend ! I hope to see some of my friends up there . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are on the air for the party hours until noon . Tune in to 89.9 The < PROPMALE > Alternative WLKL Lake Land College to hear us or go to our website at 899the max.com to listen live from anywhere in the world . 
Just bought my tickets for Rock n Roll tomorrow !! So excited to go back at ISU for one night ! 
