just had a head on collision with the cat ... 

loves swimming and I wish I could stay in the pool all day , but then I would be a prune . 
great . just great . what have i gotten myself into ? 
seriously ? 
this is the song that doesn't end , yes it goes on and on my friend . some people started singing it , not knowing what it was , and now they will be singing it forever just because this is the song that doesn't end , yes it goes on and on my friend . some peop 
hates it when people don't know when to use \then\ " and when to use \ " than . \"" 
is about to get back in the pool . The sun is my friend :) 
Ugh , I can't stand ignorant people ! 
is watching toddlers and tiaras with my sister and making fun of these bratty kids and their insane parents . 
really , really , really wants to see district 9 . 
Did you know you can run safari on a pc ? I did not , and I am surprised . 
You call yourself an ole miss fan when you can't even spell hotty toddy ? 
would advise you not to go see final destination . It is terrible . I felt like asking for my money back . I would love to give away the ending , but I can't . It doesn't have one . 
Kanye = trashy 
is missing my abercrombie friends :( 
Can anyone who knows anything about computers offer advice on which one I need ? 
What is it about wednesdays that causes me to burn myself ? 
do i need a regular macbook or macbook pro ? 
is so frustrated with the people in my apartment building that don't take care of their pets ! The dog in the apartment next to me whines constantly due to lonliness , and across from me there is a dog on the balcony in the rain and cold that wants in but no one is home to let her in ! Before you get a pet , you should make sure you can take care of it ! 
is watching dirty jobs and i am so nervous just watching it ! It is hilarious though ! 
HATES SPANISH . 
missed the end of fringe because they just had to show the party for the new mayor of memphis . Like anyone in memphis even cares . 
is tired of fb telling me to write on someone's wall or reconnect with them . If I wanted to , I would . 
thinks people should really make their networks secure so I can't use their internet :) 
All things twilight related make me nauseous . 
The entire world is conspiring to make me fail spanish . 
is watching glee ! 
Is it some kind of rule that the dialogue on all CSIs must be campy , ridiculous , and generally annoying ? Surely the writers are better than that . 
is laughing so hard at that pistacio commercial !!!! 
The guy singing on the fireflies song is the guy who sings for relient k ! I knew it ! 
It's bad . Very bad . Instead of singing in the shower , I practice spanish . 
is listening to the new < PROPFEMALE > lambert cd 
Glee soon :) 
Mythbusters is doing myths from Wanted . Interesting . 
is going to keep my thoughts to myself so i can keep my friends . 
saw cirque dreams today and it was awesome ! 
does not want to join farmville . ever . stop asking me . 
I guess chyler < PROPFIRST > is proof you can do a really terrible movie yet go on to have a decent acting career . 
Why on earth would you want to go to the parade ? Especially the new albany parade . I can only think of a million things I would rather do , like not freeze . 
The huge shinedown logo on the back window of your truck-that would be a FAIL . 
no hablo inglés :) 
is hungry and I don't know what I want 
Dear Facebook , Please create a setting that allows me to prevent anything related to farmville from ever appearing on my screen . Thank you . 
is home and very sleepy .... 
My chicken little syndrome is acting up again . 
ABSOLUTELY HATES OLE MISS . 
is going to watch whose line is it anyway then go to bed . At least that is the plan . 
wants some jelly beans . 
It's really quite unbelievable . 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops , then please post this on your status , and leave it there for one hour !! 
should be working on my final project .... but I'm watching criminal minds instead . 
only two more days of class ... 
doesn NOT want to do this final project .... that is due tomorrow ..... 
would like for someone to do my homework for me . 
So looking at a map , two of my classes appear to be about a mile apart . 
< PROPFEMALE > handler is pretty much my hero :) 
it feels like january again . 
kinda lonely . 
Is anyone good at spanish ? Please help ! 
I guess I will participate in doppelganger week if someone will tell me who I look like lol 
is drinking hot chocolate :) 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . ( This is hilarious ! ) 
wishes my mom would stop talking about the mushrooms ! 
no sleep for me tonight :( 
Why didn't I go to school in Florida when I had the < PROPMALE > ? 
woo hoo ! finished with spanish ! ( at least for tonight ) 
I kinda miss my old phone . I feel like I cheated on it or something . 
had a pretty good night . Time for sleep ! 
It may be raining , but there's a rainbow above you . You better let somebody love you before it's too late . 
is watching the olympics . 
Eww eww eww . I did not need that mental image ! 
I guess I can sleep when I'm dead . At the rate I'm going it won't be much longer . 
Too much to do .... I need the weekend to be here now ! 
Straight boys shouldn't quote < PROPFIRST > swift songs . It's just strange . 
is still sick . 
loves NCIS . 
It's going to be a long night . 
just noticed the Ole Miss mascot issue is on msn.com . Not sure what to think of that . 
might actually go to bed at a decent hour tonight . maybe . 
is doing spanish homework on a Friday night . I swear my teacher thinks it's the only class I'm taking . 
is sick again ... 
is still sick , but has no choice about going back to school tomorrow :( 
Well I thought it was going to kill me , but I finished my spanish composition . Now I can't even see straight . And I keep trying to type in spanish . 
loves finding old friends on facebook :) 
is so ready for this week to be over ! I can't wait for the break ! 
I think I have finally reached the point where my procrastination is about to seriously mess up my life . I'm just surprised it hasn't happened sooner . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = quiet , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = friendly , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = shy , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = loyal , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = smart , 23 = down to earth , 24 = humble 
NCIS marathon ! 
is finally getting to go to sleep ! 
So I was going over the classes I have left to take and discovered that I could actually graduate on time . The question is , do I want to ? 
Six more weeks of school counting exams . I think I can make it ! 
had an awesome time at the circus ! 
is drowning in homework . 
is at a restaurant with my parents . There is loud country music playing . Our waitress didn't come to our table for fifteen minutes because she didn't realize we were her table . To top it off , a stuffed raccoon next to a plastic bucket of trash is part of the decor . SOMEONE PLEASE COME RESCUE ME !!!! 
is sick :( 
Wednesday I bought some music and updated my iPod . Today I discovered a song I didn't buy . In fact I had never heard of it before . After further investigation , I have at least five songs by artists I have never even heard of before . So , I would like to say thanks to iTunes . I hope I like the random music you gave me . 
I need to go to bed considering a have a spanish final tomorrow , but I know when I do , I will have bad dreams . 
My passport came in today !!! 
HATES RAIN . 
Why did I take an intersession class ? 
Dear Ole Miss , I don't have a problem with parking in student parking . What I do have a problem with is your incompetence when it comes to labeling parking areas . It is incredibly annoying to think I'm in a student parking space then discover a ticket that informs me otherwise . Also , the entire student body is aware you make things confusing on purpose just to get our money . 
Ugh . Really ? I have to put up with < PROPMALE > AGAIN ? 
is eating blackberries . 
Two and a half more hours in this class ... 
If I listen to the girls who sit behind me in class , my IQ drops . 
ran over a bird today :( I must have upset the balance of nature when I saved that turtle yesterday . 
Whenever I think I have reached the highest level of procrastination possible , I discover a new level . 
is sick again . I really need to feel better tomorrow . 
I've always know I have older parents , but it really hit me today when I got home and noticed my dad had mail from the scooter store . 
needs to stop shopping so much ..... 
24 makes me so nervous ! 
Not sleepy and exam at 8 in the morning ? Not a good combination . 
Something in the way you love me won't let me be ... 
So our waiter at Chilis ... not sure what to say ... very slow , definitely not all here ! 
Ok WORST WAITER EVER . 
is really hungry ! 
is watching the awesome lightning . 
It comes in threes ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Hopper , who will go next ? 
is finally about to watch the hurt locker . I've only had it for a month and a half . 
new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > album = happiness :) 
should be packing ! 
is about to leave Atlanta . Next stop , Buenos Aires ! 
is in < PROPFEMALE > !!! I will try to keep a blog so you guys can know what I'm doing . 
Buenos Aires is by far the most polluted city I have ever been in . So much for \Good Air . \"" 
is tired of elevators that try to kill me . 
played polo today , didn't fall off the horse , and even managed to score a point ! 
is so sore from the polo lessons yesterday ! 
Last night in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's so strange to think that less than 24 hours ago I was in < PROPFEMALE > . I'm happy to be home though ! 
That's it . Some people are getting unfriended immediately . 
Blueberry pancakes for breakfast . Thanks mom ! 
is swimming ! 
Coconut M& Ms. You should try them . 
Someone obviously told my dad that once you turn sixty seven stop signs no longer apply to you . 
Dad apparently thinks red lights don't apply to him either . I'm making my will . Would anyone like anything in particular ? 
When I came to work today I really didn't expect to give a sponge bath to a plastic plant . 
So tell me what you want to hear , something that will light your ears . I'm sick of all the insincere . I'm giving all my secrets away . 
108 in oxford today . I'm think I'm melting . 
could use some company . 
is too sick to go and sit in class for three and a half hours . 
Four days and two more hours of ethics . 
had forgotten how much wasp stings hurt . 
It seems so weird that four years ago I was a senior in high school , and now I'm a senior in college . I don't remember the time passing that quickly . 
really does not want to go grocery shopping . 
I have come to the realization that I took approximately twenty hours of classes at Northeast that won't count towards my degree at all . Lovely . 
The internet is the worst thing that could ever happen to my study and sleep habits . 
Anyone have an AT&T blackberry they would like to sell ? 
I am the world's worst at wanting what I can't have . And I never seem to want it until I can't have it . 
dreamed last night about sleeping through all three classes today ! So glad it was only a dream ! 
Anyone who knows anything about Oedipus at Colonus is strongly encouraged to help me write a six < PROPFEMALE > paper about it ! PLEASE !!! 
is visiting < PROPFEMALE > at Union ! 
What's my motivation ? 
Anyone who has filled out a degree application is encouraged to help me figure it out :) 
is an idiot . 
is an epic procrastinator . 
My dream last night : having a loose tooth , playing soccer , and being chased up a tree by a crazy woman . 
Fringe tonight !!!! 
It is not ok to skip class to sleep when the reason I am tired is that I stayed up late to prepare for class . Monday again . I'm trying . 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a bad influence on me , making me get dessert ! 
Any volunteers to come kill this moth in my room ? 
Why do 90% of the people at Ole Miss not know what to do at a 4 way stop ? Am I the only person who had to know that for my driving test or are basic traffic laws erased from your mind as soon as you get on campus ? 
The high on Saturday is 90 ?! Yesterday it was 70 ! Ick . 
There is now a shake weight for men : 0 
Can't remember the last time I was this sick . 
It's hot in my room and I am annoyed . I'm having a \mad at the world\ " kind of day . " 
is officially obsessed with Disney Couture . I particularly like the Little Mermaid shell ring ( size 7 ) and the message in a bottle necklace . Anyone feeling generous ? :) 
My feet are killing me and I'm at work for three more hours . Ick . 
Why do I keep having the most random dreams with the most random people in them ?! 
is learning to be more patient . The fact that I didn't explode during that phone call proves it . 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this for your status . 
FINALLY got a much needed haircut ! 
Ok I guess I'll play , too . Inbox me a number between 1 and 200 and I will tell you what I think of you in my status . Maybe . 
#12 I MISS YOU ! I am so impressed by you and the person you have become . I hope we can < PROPFEMALE > out over the break and catch up ! 
#197 You are one of my oldest friends . I am so glad I know you . And I still remember the time in kindergarten you dated me to call that girl stupid and I got in trouble and had to move my car . I'm still glad we're friends though ! 
#21 You are my friend who is going to move and leave me ! Of course I never see you now so I guess it won't be that different but I will still be very sad . We absolutely have to < PROPFEMALE > out before you go ! But I am so glad I know you . You have been a good friend to me and I definitely look up to you ! 
#3 You are someone I have know for a long time , but have never known very well . You confuse and frustrate me a little since I can't figure out what you want . But you impress me , too . 
Just how did I manage to add a friend and lose two at the same time ? 
737 I just realized I had not done one for you ! I have known you forever but only became good friends with you in high school . Thank you for standing by me and being my friend even when you didn't agree with me and even when I made you mad . I hope we stay friends for a long time to come ! 
32913845381349843575610923847512938475610938 You are absolutely one of my best friends and it makes me so sad I never get to see you ! But ... that will be c < PROPFEMALE > ing very soon ! I cannot wait until you come home and we can < PROPFEMALE > out again . I love you ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > Bride is on tonight ! 
Inconceivable ! The < PROPFEMALE > Bride is on again ! 
With every purchase , iTunes Genius gets more and more confused and random . I still can't figure out why it wants to put things like < PROPFIRST > eat world and bowling for soup in my classic rock playlist . They don't belong there ! 
A Christmas Story ! My favorite Christmas movie ! 
\You look like a deranged Easter bunny \"- A Christmas Story " 
Fra-gee-lay . Must be Italian ! 
So I dropped my phone and cracked the otterbox but not the phone and it took me two days to even notice . Do I have to get a new otterbox ? 
is watching < PROPFIRST > and her friends ice skate . 
The woods are lovely , dark and deep , but I have promises to keep , and < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep , and < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . 
I am so bad about wanting what I can't have , but if I could have it , I probably wouldn't even want it . 
School snuck up on me again ... 
I really think I deserve some sort of award for going to class this week . I went in a flood , in the freezing cold , and the snow . 
