sooooo cold in my house !!! 

lol we when to movies and the tickets where sold out /cry 
hurts every where 
Only weak people need to get revenge , the strong can \man up\ " and forgive -Rigel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > " 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . Please repost 
they have dub vampire knights i am sooo happy !!! find the episodes at justdubs.net 
All of my Castle age friends send me army invites 
I questioned me sanity to day and it answered me back ?!?!?! 
???? \ 
If you support our TROOPS then please post this on your status and \ 
leave it there for the day . If they could sacrifice their lives for all \ 
of us then we surely can sacrifice our status for a day . Please do this \ 
for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the \ 
BRAVE !!!! ???? 
well tonight me and my mom where cleaning the shop that she works at and some one hits one of the pills out side of the shop so we call 911 ..... and where on hold for 5 mins before we talk to a human i am glade no one was die cause if so 5 mins = dead 
keep my little sis in prayer guys she is running a fever of 101-103 and puking a lot to . 
about to watch Nightmare on Elm Street and Splice Hehehe i am happy 
Splice .... wow ummm wow 
i am trying to get my mom to temp die my hair blue for new years like this if you think it would be cool !!!! 
Watching Blood+ with mister < PROPMALE > 
good night all and keep my family in pray in the morning my moms adopted father is having MAJER heart surgery it is a 6 hour surgery had he will need prays and lots of them 
If you know everything do you thing at all ? 
is it possible to cut off irony ... Faith did not fill good last night so i was up with her all night and to night i cant sleep ... T-T 
Bored out of my mind someone anyone TALK TO ME XD !!!!! 
Now time to go read my book XD 
just start watching Angel Beats and wow very weird show XD 
i fill like crap 
Just watch < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and favorite line was \I will rip out your eyes and shove them down your throat so you can watch me ripe your carcass apart \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Beats ending is propel one of the saddest anime ending i have seen 
like this if you HATE THE SNOW RIGHT NOW ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing Mom , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
pray for my mom and her father she just lost her adopted mother early today 
5 days till my 18 Bday and just realist i have nothing plan to do :O 
getting ready for the funeral ..... i hate monkey suits 
i can now say i have my very own keys to my own car 
Teacher : Can you see God ? Class : No . Teacher : Can you touch God ? Class : No . Teacher : Then there isn't a God ! Student : Sir , can you see your brain ? Teacher : No . Student : Can you touch your brain ? Teacher : No . Student : Oh ok so you have no brain ??? 
Toradora ! is one of the most saddest anime endings i have seen in a long time but still a good anime 
