THANK GOD ! 2010 was fucking terrible . Let's hope that 2011 is much , much better . 

Lace , Whiskey , and sharp , cold steel . 
>.> ... I'm just gonna start off by saying that this thing was made at the request of a friend and that I have very little interest in it . Oh , and ... I have no idea when I'll actually put up a picture ... because I'm too lazy to do it and I HATE ! taking pictures . 
Boredom is a terrible thing ... especially at 12:41 
It's terribly late , but I want to thank everyone who said \happy birthday ! \"" 
Being bored ... really , really sucks . 
No , I'm not dead ... I'm just insane and I keep forgetting that I have a facebook ... 
You know , I just love how people that you used to talk to every day disappear and act like you don't exist without warning or cause . People make me sick . 
Don't you just love it when people start off being absolutely wonderful , then seem a bit off-kilter , and then prove themselves to be mentally-deficient-wannabe chunks of sh*t ? 
Don't you just love it when someone starts off being absolutely wonderful , then seems just a little bit off-kilter , and the finally proves themselves to be a mentally-deficient-wannabe chunk of sh*t ? 
Loving the crazy double-posting Android FB app ... 
It's pretty bad when you can actually hear yourself going crazy , isn't it ? 
Yeah , so people are retarded . I swear , the people driving right now got their licenses at a K-Mart Blue Light Special . It's another NDLAFM Day ... 
For some reason , my coffee smells like bacon ... and it frightens me greatly . 
Once again , boredom is a terrible thing . This time , though , at 1:51 AM . 
Say Anything concert , waiting for it to start . 
Yeah , so I can't effing stand Saves The Day . The lead singer sounds like a post-puberty Bieber ... aka , a twelve year old girl with a slightly , and I stress only slightly , masculine tinge to her voice . 
Why must some people take things so fucking literally ? It's annoying , it doesn't make you look smarter than you always pretend to be and seem to think you are , and it serves absolutely no functional purpose whatsoever . 
Don't discredit what I have to say just because I'm younger than you ... and don't < PROPMALE > me with a cookie cutter and a bloody knife , you crazy bitch . 
MaMerinda will fuck your shit up . 
I'm doing eighty-five in a sixty and there are cops out . GET OFF MY ASS , BITCH ! 
I would love to be AWAY from my insane , ungrateful , overly-critical family for just ONE PEACEFUL FUCKING HOLIDAY ! 
Just to clarify , that wasn't directed at anyone in particular . 
And it's gone from one of those days to one of those nights , and potentially one of those weeks . I pity those who must deal with my attitude and temporarily-militant cynicism . I doubt very seriously that I'll make good company over the next few days ... 
So bored ... 
Too much on my mind to allow sleep ... 
I can't believe that I just cried watching Glee ... 
Raising Hope ; \You get back in there and stop procrasturbating ! \"" 
To handcrafted beers made in local breweries , \ 
To yoga , to yogurt , to rice and beans and cheese ! \ 
\ 
To leather , to dildos , to curry vindaloo , \ 
To huevos rancheros , and < PROPFEMALE > Angelou ! \ 
Emotion , devotion , to causing a commotion ! \ 
Creation , vacation , mucho masturbation ! \ 
Compassion , to fashion , to Passion when it's new ! \ 
To Sontag , to Sondheim , to anything taboo ! 
I ... just forgot that I was watching TV , while watching TV . 
Second week in a row of crying at Glee . 
Turning off my phone . Go away . 
Or not . 
This number mess is little more than an annoyance that has yet to go away . 
Facebook needs a \dislike\ " button . " 
I should have turned off my phone , but no ... 
I'm taking a short break . I'll call you lot in a few days . 
Will you people please SHUT THE FUCK UP with all this number shit ?! Gah , it's the text version of listening to a convention of rambling idiots ! 
Seriously ? Pardon my language , I know it's been rather improper , but this is quite possibly the most frustrating thing I've ever seen . I can't check Facebook without seeing some type-happy imbecile giving their thoughts on someone after said someone sends them a number . Oh , ye to whom I rarely speak and yet whose thoughts repeatedly marr the once peaceful fluidity of my news feed , face friend-deletion and be gone . 
I love Christmas , I really effing hate people . 
Is anyone even still awake ? 
You're intelligent . Act like it . 
I'm sick of being reasonably cheery because it's Christmas . I want to go back to being mean already ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , now go away . 
There are some people that I haven't seen in a while and would like to see again . 
You're a fucking idiot . 
It's December 22 . My air conditioning just kicked on . 
Yes , there's love . I'm not arguing against that . I am , however , arguing against some crazed troll of a human being proclaiming his undying , everlasting love after going out with someone for , perhaps , two months . It's kinda creepy . Y'know what , it's not creepy . It's fucking insane . STALKER ! 
I reserve the right to treat stupid people like dirt . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Is it bad that I'm sick of my family after being around them for less than five minutes ? 
I would just blast the ever-loving fuck out of you all over Facebook and every accessible facet of the internet ... if it would accomplish anything . The thing is , it won't . There's no point . \ 
Live your own life . Move on . Go away . 
To anyone who would , don't bother calling my phone for a while . The microphone is dead , so , yeah ... until I get a new phone , I can only have one-sided conversations in which I am able to hear you and you are unable to hear me . Oh , what wondrous fun . x_x 
When did Facebook turn into a way for people to get preachy ? Not everyone is a Christian , not everyone wants to read about your interpretation of the bible or the way that you think people should behave . If you want to preach , please start a church and leave Facebook alone . 
My phone lives again ! 
Ref is a fucking idiot . 
I don't usually get involved with football , but ... WAR MOTHERF**KING GO**AMN EAGLE ! 
\An eechinidna ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > McCoy . " 
Mildly depressed without an apparent cause . I don't like it . 
Bored as f**k and can't go anywhere . 
Why am I still awake ? 
It's weird when you feel like you're going to run into someone you know ... and then you do . In a club . 
What a boring , pathetic excuse of a day ... 
So annoyed right now ... 
Even more annoyed right now than I was three hours ago ... 
Boring day ... 
Nothing to do . Sundays suck ... 
I love it ... when ignorant little people try to be deep and act like amateur philosophers . It's so cute ! :) 
It's just a jump to the left ... 
Ain't no party like my < PROPFEMALE>'s tea party ! 
Do NOT get preachy with me , motherfucker . 
There are some people that I will just never understand ... 
Just got a really weird text from Facebook telling to make a voice call to 911 , as there is no text service to 911 at this time . Seriously , what the fuck ? 
I'm so sick of this preachy Facebook bullshit ... 
I repeat ; do NOT get preachy with me . I will eat your FACE ! 
Steak , salad , moscato , riesling , white zinfandel , and watching < PROPFIRST > while Newport smoke blasts you in the face . AWESOME ! 
I've got a headache , I'm tired , and I can't effing sleep . x_x 
No . Just ... no . 
National dumbass day ... 
To those of you who don't know me that well , this will come as a surprise . To those of you who do , it won't in the slightest . I am just now turning everything off and going to sleep . Good night-slash-morning , dear friends . 
I love being left out . 
Left out , out of the way , ignored . This is my life . 
So effing bored ... 
Some people , including myself in most situations , just need to keep their mouth shut . 
To hell with it . 
I'm in a dark place right now , and I can't explain it . 
RE5 at almost four in the morning with the TV muted and Pretty Girl Rock playing really loudly . Definitely some sort of EPIC ! 
Happy as hell because a childhood friend hunted me down on Facebook ! 
Slightly irritated right now . 
Have you any idea why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk ? 
Being awake while your friends are asleep ... absolutely sucks . Me and my crazy-ass sleeping schedule . 
Found my stressor . It's solitude coupled with mind-numbing boredom and shitty TV . 
It's a test of character , of self-sacrifice ... 
Stop giving mini-sermons as your status . Facebook is not a church . 
Just spent two hours on the phone with my best friend and it was like we never stopped talking . 
Dead Space 2 ... ten minutes in and it's effing amazing ! 
Slightly annoyed , but it's nothing out of the ordinary . Have I stayed recently how badly I dislike certain types of behaviour ? 
I really wish that true emotion could be conveyed and understood through text ... 
Massively depressed ... 
Problem solved . 
There are a few things that I know ... that I should never know . x_x 
Why do mondays always lead to disaster ? 
Anyone want to randomly head to the < PROPFEMALE > Starbucks ? 
Milers the Ghobalt ! 
I'm exhausted ... Why am I still awake ? x_x 
I've only been awake for about seven hours . 
Shimatta ... 
I'm taking a break . I'll see you guys next weekend or something . 
So this is the first time I've woken up at a relatively normal time in months ... and I slept for fifteen hours straight . 
Sundays suck ! 
Good morning , have a lovely day ! 
So that was fucking hilarious ! 
Only five hours to go and I'm bored as fuck ... 
Shut up , bitch , I'm Lady GaGa ! 
' Cause yo Voodoo mama tol ' you so ! 
Hurt . 
The number shit started again ? FUCK ! When will the idiocy end ?! 
So I've literally been here for , like , a week . And it's been fun as hell . ^_^ 
Tonight , I realised that I have temperament issues and that over half of the anger I feel is misplaced . To those of you who have endured my misplaced fury , I am dearly sorry . To the two of you who see and somehow manage to stand by me through the majority of , thank you . Have a lovely night , everyone . 
I couldn't have two better friends . With all of my heart , I love you both . Now , in going to go to sleep . Again , everyone have a lovely night . 
So my spring break's going to be absolute shit . What fucking fun ! 
I know I'm not alone ... but right now , I feel like I am . 
So , some plans of mine may drastically change ... 
SPRING BREAK FUCKING SUCKS . 
So I officially FUCKING HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT SPRING BREAK ! 
Bad mood's in full swing ... 
Fucking < PROPFEMALE > coloured glasses ... 
What have I become , my sweetest friend ? Everyone I know goes away , in the end . And you could have it all ; my empire of dirt . I will let you down , I will make you hurt . 
Bored , tired , and about to take a nap . 
So much for sleep ... meh , it's all good . :) 
Thank God for clove cigarettes ... 
Looks like a night of no sleep . Oh , joy . 
Nine hours . 
Eight . 
Screw counting the hours . My mood's too damn good . :D 
RE5 addons , here I come . 
