EVERYONE LISTEN !!! i saw the best movie ever !!! go see Avatar NOW . best ten bucks i ever spent . downtown theaters is where it is , ten bucks in and 4.50 for a medium soda that works . go there now !! 

Nothin 
MWAH i Am dEfinEtlYY NoT MeSElf tODAysssssss 
boredom , tis the sad face of my day . School really sucks ! i just realized this today ... then again I am in THMS ... anyways im really bored and I say ... call me or text .... 
Ima CookIng < PROPFEMALE > Turkey !!!!!! tis a large bird indeed ... 
i feel like eploding in a red haze of turkey stuffings , and Cider ...... oh damn the world and all its people for making thanksgiving such a fattening day ,,, damn damn you all ... O_o 
A cup of coffee is my only friend in the morning ! 
i has no life anymore ......... i found a pebble on my floor and i vowed to take care of it for sake of all abandoned pebbles in our cruel world :D 
Tis THe nIGht Of SatUrdAy , AlaS i Do sAY . WhERE bE The WOrlD And ITs InhaBiTANTs ? For i see no one on the streets celebrating the weekend today .... :D 
Coffee ..... Nuf said . 
Another day gone and forever lost , Another day wasted to my cache of useless things . Will there ever be something of true value to occupy my days ? 
I am alone !!!!! theres nobody in my home anymore !!! im so nervous right now ... please somebody < PROPFEMALE > out !.... ok fine im lonely and conversation sounds amazing right now ! :D 
every time i go back to that place i've been , i see all the choices that ill regret again . those places , those people i saw . that time i miss every night , godamn it , why did i switch schools ... 
Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee 
im working out , to build me muscle so i can eat germany 
Ahg i hate it when keys on keyboards dont work ! 
I just got home ... And as usual i dont look forward to what is coming ... Sigh 
I HAS A HEADACHE !!!!!!!! my mind is kicking me in the face ..... help me !!! 
... Im sitting in peverbial silence pondering what i should do ..... the butterflies in me stomach are saying i should make steak :D but im still caught up in choices .... O_o 
Boredom is and will always be , Invading my mind ! 
Im < PROPFEMALE > biting kind of mood ! :D 
is sitting in my living room on a computer , waiting for something eventful to happen ..... is hoping for a tsunami :D 
O.O You Will Blink 
Just got done with alot of wrapping . I hate that this time of year ! 
Blah 
sitting in boredom . missing her ... 
Who Needs a Razor ? 
Hey everyone , i wont be on for alil longer .... i dont have internets and i am using a computer that is not my own , but i wil talk to you all later 
laying down and thinking about her ... Boredom is and will be . 
i guess that it was to good to be true ............ 
Okay i hate all of you who could have fun at thunderfest ...... i got stuck keeping the peace ......... damn mosh pits ........ 
BWAHHHHHAHHHAHAH my ingenius absence was due to its wonderful note hahaha i own the world 
BWAHHHH I hads a concert last night and my stomach is still in a knot !! ugh ! 
I hads a concerts lasts nights and my stomachs is stills in a knots ... ughs ! 
damn right i repeated myself . lol .... stupid computers 
woooaaah ooooh i wont change ! wooooaaah ooooh i cant change ... god i love free bird 
UUGGGHHH ... work is not fun .... IM A COOK NOT A GENERAL WORKER !!!!! so far i have been shoveling a never ending pile of gravel , scrubbing walls with a cleaner that will eat the skin of your arms . cleaning freezers and other mundan jobs ... oh well ... I LOVE MONEY TOO MUCH TO CARE :P 
God . My sisters new house is too big . Goddamn 
i go to work to get paid .... not much else after that : / 
It is very strange that in the middle of me sending and reciving papers from the < PROPFEMALE > Core , working at the Hot-Bite , and Working mild construction with friends that I find time to get onto FaceBook .... My day off so far seems well spent . 
I have a very busy week ahead of me . First is the Fourth of July , then after that my parents are going to be talking to a < PROPFEMALE > Core recruiter and I will be filling out more papers that are related to enlisting . Then on top of it all I have work ... Woot ! 
There really is no more options for me now , This coming week I sign my enlistment papers , and next summer I will be hopefully going to Boot Camp . That is a big in your face for all of you who said I was'nt or could'nt do it . 
Bored Bored Bored .... It's Ten at night and i have little to do . I guess I will play my guitar . 
With no Fireworks to entertain the Pyro in me , I wrap up my Night in Absolute Silence ... Now at 12:24 in the morning , I shall continue to sit in my utter fireworkless night ... 
Holy Hell , I just accepted somewhere around 30 friend requests .... Damn ! 
I just started to learn how to play Wanted Dead or Alive on my guitar .... woot 
I get to fly to Anchorage on thursday to swear myself to the < PROPFEMALE > Corp !!!!! so excited !! 
I LEAVE IN 11 HOURS AND I CAN'T SLEEP !!!!! 
What is on my mind ? Im back in town and theres nothing to do other than work . I go to anchorage again on august 1rst and then hopefully i will get everything in order . 
Dude ... life sucks ass .... im on a doctors order to hydrate ... daily . for the non military peeps . hydrate means to chug a large bottle of water in one sitting and repeat until no more water can be drank ... im on my third bottle today . i need to move to at least 5 or 6 .... 
Sitting in my room , about to start some push-ups and sit-ups before I power nap for 2 hours . Then I plan to head to pavitts or something with < PROPFIRST > for a wonderfull day of working out with the < PROPFEMALE > Corp !!! 
I don't want to go work out !! Im still sore from the last time !!!... My muscles are in pain : C 
Ha i just learned how to play blackbird by the beetles .. great song ! 
I go to work in thirty minutes , It is not a good day for me today . 
bahh i cant sleep and i have been doing basic PT for the last few hours . I should be tired and ready to pass out but i cant .... 
It's a day off for me and my dad leaves town today .... It was great thing seeing him . 
blah , thats what is one my mind 
Going to run to JRC in the next six hours .... Not looking forward to the work-out or actual Work after my usual work-out , Because I go to work after working my body to the limits to test how much I can work myself before I fail . TOO MUCH WORK !! 
One Year . Thats my time left here in Juneau for awhile . 
ONE DAY OF WORK BEFORE I GO TO ANCHORAGE !!?? BLASPHEMY !!!!!!!! 
WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK .................... TOO MUCH WORK !!! 
12 hours from now im in anchorage ... woot !! 
Back in town after the weekend of stress , Im part of the < PROPFEMALE > Corp and am going to start a career in something great . 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > has reached a all new low , from two feet away she sends me a IM while we are in the same room ... 
airsofting tomorrow .. call either me or < PROPMALE > abrams for details 
Firsttime on in awhile . not much has changed ... 
Possible fun weekend so far .. Waiting on others to confirm the info first . 
Duude , Had a wonderfull weekend , HAPPY BIRFDAY < PROPFEMALE > !! woot , hit me up on the 21rst , It will be my turn to turn 18 
Got my itouch back , but with a quarter of the total songs .. Ahh well ill get them back eventually .. :/ 
What is real and what isnt ? How do we tell from the fake to the sorry , Is there a test we must make . Or do we simply dig until we know .. I do not understand people . They lead us away from what we want . They tear us down until there is no more . The land of opportunity is lost and we may never regain it at all . 
Hopefully if everything goes well , I get to get serously injured and possibly die for a schedualed emergency airport drill . Yay fake blood ! 
Woke up pretty damn early ... Just to play some more reach ... My weekend is dead . 
The pain of remembering , The sudden drop of self esteem . anxiety and fear grip me as I frantically search ... \Where are you ? \ " The only question in my head . Where did you go 
Supreme Judge : \You there 
Hey . Just got everyone's birthday wishes , thanks to everyone and I appreciate it so much . 
Hey all you airsofters , tomorrow around 4 to 5 there will be a few matches and we need people to go . We have extra guns and masks . Just need people to use them . Okay call < PROPMALE > Abrams . 
Had a fun night but next time people need to act real . Fucking A . Anyone want to chill and actually spend time together . 
Sitting here bored and I need people to chill with . Somebody Call me soon !!!!! 
Whats on my mind .... < PROPFEMALE > CORP ! 
Sitting here in my self doubt , Oblivious to the world about . The smoke and the mirrors in my life are abundant , the truth in the world are sadly absent . Where did the honesty and the loyalty disappear , replaced by cheaters and liars so sincere . For the one's who are truly called friend , but to avoid those who only pretend . 
World is falling apart and I cannot hold it together .. the fuck is going on ? 
GODDAMN IT !! MY XBOX ATE MY BLACK-OPS !!!! 
The lack of Internet or Wifi in my home makes me seem like I don't talk to people , that's not true . I do talk to people , just not as often as I would like ! 
And now I have someone very angry at me for my unintentional silence ... Woot :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all to all , now for the yearly feast of too much food .... And hibernation 
Sitting in bed not wide awake 
Confused and stuff .... 
Absolute boredom , and a strong missing of a certain person , you know who you are ! :P 
How can we allow the Westboro baptist church to even exist ? Aside from protesting at Military funerals and many others . The church has just announced that they will picket at the funeral of the 9 year old girl murdered yesterday in Arizona . 
But thanks to our wonderful government , the congres has passed a law banning protesting and picketing of funerals in Tuscan Arizona . People need to shut down the church immediately . 
Boredom and fatigue are setting in .... More pushups before I get tired 
Agh , so much to do today , not enough time for it all tho . 
About less than three months before boot camp ... 
I don't fucking get it , when everything seems alright and I can finally be myself ; it all goes to shit and I can't stop it from happening . 
150 days left before Boot ...... Yay me . I don't expect any going away parties either . 
Just had one of my best friends thrown into me by another my other best friend ... Lots of pain 
And my weekend comes to a close , here's to the new week then 
I still don't get it , don't play me then ignore me completely . If I take the time from my life to open myself up to you , to ease up and have fun with you . Don't fucking close me off and avoid me like I don't mean anything to you . I don't have the time or the will to waste myself for someone who doesn't care . I have too much on my plate and added more issues does not work 
I leave this town and this life soon . I would like to enjoy the time I have left with my friends without all this guilt and worry . I leave for what will be the hardest part of my life , I don't need the stress and the hardship . I leave to better myself and my future , I don't need your problems and never-ending woes . I don't need this now 
SUPERBOWL IS ALMOST HERE !!!! PACKERS !!! 
PACKERS !!!! One touchdown so far hell yeah !!! 
Another one for packers !!! Annihilation !!! 
Three touchdowns !!!!!!!!!!! 
Packers are still ahead . Woot 
First sack of the game !!! Woot 
Refs need to call fair and stop taking bribes from the steelers 
One more for packers WOOT 
PACKERS ALL THE WAY HOME BABY !!!! 
Today has been good . Ran a mile in about 8 minutes and have been super happy since . 
Sitting here in my thoughts , thinking of what needs to be . \ 
The events of this night still fresh in my head , the start of something I hope to see . \ 
Nervous feelings I had at first , but all lead to heartfelt smiles\ 
Ideas race through my head , covering many miles . \ 
Small talk just as it needed to be 
Blank 
Blank again 
Lying here in my regret , the choices of my life loom , \ 
There is no going back to fix the wrong , just taking the worst for the fall . \ 
Never seen a time so sad and bleak , that my eyes are force to seek . \ 
The lies and deceit is forevermore . 
Boredom is key to the creation of our new days . 
Watching Get Smart and sitting down with a bag of chips .. today is good . 
Nevermind , Step Brothers just started .. Day got better 
ITS MONDAY !!!..... \ 
so far its still just a monday to me ... meh 
And slowly I take my walk and head to school , the day is not at full bloom . The day is start and my time is short .. I only wish , the weekend restart . 
TO THE GYM !!!!!!! 
I wrap my day up and I look back onto the events done away . \ 
Smiles and laughs , jokes and wonder are spilt into the night . \ 
A movie and some shows , cuddling under blankets and watching the snow . \ 
Powder snow makes for poor snowmen , yet we made one work . \ 
Had a amazing night , Heres to another day done . 
is thinking that he should go make some bacon and eggs 
So I am watching < PROPFEMALE > Corp survival school , where they are trained on wilderness survival . Enduring the hardest conditions that you can face . Cold weather , lack of food , dangerous snow conditions . and many more . \ 
Im looking forward to a good camping trip if this is what im going against . \ 
Love bieng Alaskan ! 
And so I go to school ... Bleh 
Worked out pretty hard , Arms were like jello after .. couldnt do any push ups cuz i was so sore . but yeah , lets do it again thursday !! 
PLAYING MGS3 AND LOVING EVERY MOMENT OF IT 
ZOOOM 
I just don't know anymore . 
I AM HERE TO NOW POST SOMETHING RANDOM !! \ 
I HAVE LOOK LIKE I WAS ATTACKED BY A CAT\ 
AND I WANT A JEEP\ 
which is the lie ? 
Stafford92 . Yeah i fell into words with friends\ 
Lame me 
Sleep 
Best night ever !!! Played flag foot ball and it was the best . Happy birthday again < PROPFEMALE > an < PROPFEMALE > ! 
All the running around and getting thrown around last night is finally getting to me .. LOTS OF PAIN ! 
yes this is off my xbox ... and to all a good night . 
SUNDAY WAS ACTUALLY SUNNNY !!!! Felt nice to have some sun . I missed it alot , but soon Im going to hate it .. Downsouth where the sand is deep and the sun is hot . No sunbathing though , Just drill and PT in Boot Camp . 
Hell with it . Lets see who kills the undead with me . \ 
1 . < PROPFIRST > Bishop\ 
2 . Rakoen Castro\ 
3 . < PROPFIRST > McEwen\ 
4 . < PROPFIRST > Brownlow\ 
5 . < PROPFEMALE > McMaster\ 
\ 
Well I have confidence in these people to survive . Now to build an armored school bus and stock up on kill factor . 
Sitting here in my self-doubt , caught up in the time I have left , \ 
Friends I will leave behind , memories and faces fading away . \ 
The time is almost done and the chances are running out , \ 
self-doubt is looming in my life and I look to my future . \ 
Life is mine to take and is always mine to make . \ 
The world is there to give hope . 
Some things are just amazing . 
Splenda .. Is not real sugar , but tastes like real sugar .. yet is lighter than air . but doesnt look like sugar . \ 
WHY IS THERE SPLENDA IN MY KOOLADE ?!?! 
Explosion in damaged japanese nuclear reactor . It may be melt down imminent now . Learn to love radioactive wind chill guys 
It has come to my attention that being slammed and thrown while sparring causes massive bruising and sore muscles . Well that was a fun mma class . 
is bleh 
likes PETA ( People Eating Tasty Animals ) and the 2nd Amendment 
I still feel like utter crap , I have almost no voice . My eyes are stuffy . and I tried walking a few < PROPMALE > yesterday . Took me 2 and a half hours to do a normal twin lake to back loop walk .... I'm still sick 
Sitting here with nothing to do . I can't run . I can't talk loudly . ( With effect ) I can't Bleh ...... Bleh 
Is thinking that something spontaneous should happen . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKvNqe8cKU4&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Where the hell is my football ?!?!?! Arrrgghhh the sun won't last forever !!! 
GAHHH !!!! SO CLOSE TO HAVING WIFI !! parents are holding out with setting it up because they are tired ... bleh 
Dubstep plus amazing bass surround sound headphones equal to teeth rattling in my friggen skull ! \ 
Damn amazing 
heres to another night spent pondering my fucking existance in life . Do i really matter to people . Or am i just a gimmick that people abuse and never really understand . Yeah go world , go for your lack of understanding . 
Coffee . A shower , Some dubstep in my head . Yeah , this morning is turning out great . Can not wait for later around 12 ! GLACIER TRIP I THINK YES !! 
Meh . I was hoping to get out and see people today .. aw well . 
Sunday sunday SUNDAY .. no matter how I say it , Sunday is still boring . 
Good night Juneau . Anything else you want to throw my way in the terms of stress ? 
Musicfest then the first track meet . All in the same month .. WOOT 
You and I end up in a hospital together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 
I will always remain a kid when Im eating Cocopuffs . They still amaze me when Im left with chocolate milk .. :D 
whoommm womp whoo whhooomp woomp womp womp\ 
Times ten in my ears tho . 
DISHES ARE NOT NICE 
Yeah .. pretty bored right now ... I think some pushups sound nice . 
I have wifi at my house finally !!!! Powers of my itouch are now unlocked !!! Wooooooooooot 
Just wrapped up a amazing night , going to sleep now . Good night world , i feel content and happy for once . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TArTnirSPYk&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Sunday Sunday Sunday . Still boring as ever . \ 
Time to kill some zombies now . 
Falling out of my only good dream , \ 
Life itself is tearing at the main seam . \ 
My memories of my past are fading fast . \ 
Living this life floods my mind with contempt , \ 
Fighting the doubt with hope I'm without . \ 
The stars shine and give a reminder , \ 
That life can be simple and sweet . \ 
Even when I'm so beat . 
Good night Juneau , I'm feeling better with the stars out tonight 
