is failing at becoming a cartoonist . 

Going to see RENT tonight , yay ! 
Saw RENT at UMASS last night , and will probably have I'll Cover You stuck in her head all week . 
Can't concentrate on her homework . 
Latin Club ROCKS ! ( I feel like such a geek . ) 
Finds it funny that Facebook doesn't think \facebook\ " is a word . " 
My family has the weirdest Saders . Our Haggadah ( my mom made it with a friend ) is all the traditional passover stuff , but it has all this random ultra-leftist political stuff thrown in . We'll be reading something in Hebrew , and then suddenly there's this rant about women being ignored in Judaism . 
Has WAY too much homework . 
Actually likes conjugating Latin verbs . Kind of . 
The ninth Young Wizards book is out ! YAY ! 
Just saw A Fiddler on the Roof at MacDuffy . It was really good . 
I'm feeling very disheartened after listening to a recording of what the song we're playing for band is SUPPOSED to sound like . 
April Vacation ! YAY ! 
I'm going to see The Lion < PROPMALE > on broadway tomorrow ! 
April Vacations almost over . NOOOO ! 
I just went with my mom to visit some of the kids they brought back from Haiti at Shriners . They are so adorable ! 
I hate Mondays . Especially Mondays after vacation . 
I'm in a play a week from Thursday . Oh god . 
We just started archery in gym . Yay ! 
Pride was awesome ! ( Although unfortunately , my hair is still purple , as is my ear . ) 
The first performance of < PROPFEMALE > Cotter and the Censored Stone was officially awesome . Let's hope the one tonight is even better . 
Is simultaneously sad that the play is over , but relieved she doesn't have to go to any more rehearsals . 
I despise standardised testing ! 
Was quite impressed with how good NHS ' performance of \The Importance of Being Earnest\ " was . " 
Latin Club : when a measure is passed , you must throw the stuffed beaver into the air and hit it with a fly swatter , then at least two people must eat a carrot , or else it isn't official . Best . Club . Ever . 
Great East is TOMORROW !!!! 
Gold medal . Two points away from a platinum . JFK band rocks ! 
One third of JFK participated in the Day of Silence . Seriously awesome . 
Fridays always make me want to hide in my room with a book and no human contact . I think I'm still adjusting to seeing about 200 kids my age every school day . 
Band concert today ! 
Last actual day of school ! Hurray ! 
I seriously can't believe they're actually making us go to school Monday . 
Would anyone be interested in purchasing a magic wand or stave ? Because < PROPFIRST > and I made several today , and have a few more we're working on . They're Striped < PROPFEMALE > , so decently compatible with any element . 
Is in Michigan right now . 
May be slightly less hopeless at dancing than she had previously assumed ! Hopefully . 
Just may have a new favorite book of all time . It's called The Book Thief , by < PROPFIRST > Zusak . It's completely amazing . READ IT . 
Kinda sad my camp's over , but glad the performance went well . 
Oh thank god . Peace and quiet at last . 
Is sick . Ugh . 
Drawing to-scale maps of non-existent places is surprisingly difficult . 
Finally got around to watching Season One part A of Glee . 
Had a long , philosophical discussion with < PROPMALE > . Which culminated in us deciding that our lives would make a totally awesome comic book . And realizing that unfortunately , neither of us can draw . Don't ask . 
Mountain Biking : my personal version of Hell . God must have been in an ironic mood when I was born . 
Just saw The Firebird . Double Edge Theatre is awesome . 
Just got back from Washington ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ia : Possibly my new favorite musical . 
So glad I finally got to see my dad . On the down side , there is an entire street in Boston which is in direct violation of clause II of New England's Ice Cream Code : One may not walk down 5 blocks without bumping into an ice cream place . This must be reported ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Collins , how COULD you ? I guess it must be a really good book , if I'm that furious about the ending . 
First day of school ! And a good English teacher ! 
Just signed a contract stating that in the event that she marries and/or attends prom with Aidan Gilson , she owes < PROPFIRST > Norton-Smith a sum of $ 1,000,000 . 00 . However , if neither of these events happens , < PROPFIRST > Norton-Smith must pay her 20 bucks , plus an additional 50 if Aidan Gilson asks her to the prom , and is refused , with a polite request to deposit himself in the nearest lake . 
First meeting of the JFK Civil Rights Club will be held next Monday . People , come ! 
Needs to stop procrastinating and start writing that darn play . 
We've built a mighty empire , \ 
Our monuments stand proud and tall . \ 
But if there's one thing history's taught us , \ 
It's that empires always fall . \ 
\ 
Random line that appeared in my head . I think I'll try to write the rest of the poem . Once I finish my homework . I hate Algebra . 
Would like to thank < PROPMALE > for introducing her to the awesomeness that is BTVS . Would also like to murder him for killing what was left of her free time . Must go do her homework . 
Really , really , REALLY hopes she didn't do as bad on that math test as she thinks she did . 
Is typing this post on her beautiful , shiny new macbook . 
Why we should not play improv games in Latin Club :\ 
Amelia : -walks up with piece of masking tape- What size noose do you wear ? \ 
Also , Evilpants . Really , < PROPMALE > , really ? 
I'm pretty sure that a kiai is considerably less effective when you sound more like a scared chipmunk then anything remotely formidable . Oh well , I'll get better . 
We should make a group : Please Cancel JFK Forum and give us a twenty minute naptime every other day instead . 
I'll be COMPLETELYHONEST FOR 24 HOURS .... YOU MAY ASK ANY QUESTION ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) AND NO MATTER HOW CRAZY IT IS I WILL ANSWER IT PLUS I DARE YOU TO PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT YOU GET . \ 
Kat dared me to . 
We are sitting in the classroom on the first day of health class . No one knows just what we will be doing . The gym teacher walks in . Dressed as the Sugarplum < PROPFEMALE > . This might not be such a bad class after all . 
TGIF . 
Can't wait for the second day at Smith ! Hope we actually get to work on some Civil Rights stuff . \ 
CAN wait to do her Algebra homework . Ugh . 
Second day at Smith was most DEFINITELY better . Can't wait to get working on some of the stuff we talked about . \ 
Algebra is neither better nor easier . And it hasn't magically become finished while I was away . I guess that was too much to ask for . 
REALLY dislikes her schoolbus . 
Exceedingly embarrassing moments : when you have the tigger song stuck in your head in the middle of science class . 
SO TIRED ! I was walking around in a daze the entire day . 
Really wishes that if she had to start hallucinating , it could have been something more interesting than non-existent flats in her key signature . On the bright side , these were MAGICAL b flats that could coexist with f sharps without breaking the laws of music , so it's not all boring . 
One does not usually associate Lady Gaga with Latin translations . Oh well , I'm happy to add to the amount of irony in the world . 
Stupid poem . Argh . 
This is totally the last episode I'm going to watch , then I'll go to bed . Wait , that one was scary ! Now I have to watch another so I can fall asleep . On second thought , that one was kinda scary too ... 
Obey me , clarinet ! You can squeak when I'm practicing . You CANNOT squeak during a band rehearsal ! What is hard to understand about this ? 
Had a great time at Deathly Hallow part one with < PROPFEMALE > McCusker , Tieren Costello , < PROPFEMALE > Gerstle and Graci Eldredge . Maybe the best < PROPMALE > Potter movie so far . That being said , I was beginning to wonder if the people making it got together and said \Let's have a bunch of creepy death eaters flirt with Hermione Granger ! That wouldn't be inappropriate for a kid's movie at all . \"" 
Spent the better part of the evening choreographing elaborate dance routines to overly-sexual rap songs with my cousins . And our moms , who were being wonderful role models by playing us the song in the first place . Good times . 
Gah . Too much sincere optimism and idealistic happiness . Need sarcasm . 
Anyone know the homework for today ? 
Is glad not all sleepovers involve obnoxious screaming and giggling . 
Will honestly try not to be annoying and Christmas-hating this year . 
Next time someone asks me who I like , I'm totally saying \Evelyn \"." 
Had a great time skiing with < PROPFIRST > ... it's nice to know I can still ski Black < PROPFEMALE > . 
Has a job . And consequently , money . Or , more accurately , she will have money . Yay ! 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , Kat , and < PROPFEMALE > at Hospital hill . 
Someone in Miss < PROPMALE>'s Algebra class : what was the class/homework Friday ? 
666,000 people are killed or mortally injured by fresh fruit every year . Spread the warning and keep your gun , 16 ton weight , and tiger close by at all times . If you have lost close friends or family to bananas , apples , raspberries , oranges , pineapples , or other various fresh fruit , please post this as your status . 10% of people won't repost this as they are too busy worrying about people with pointed sticks . 
Probably cracked a rib skiing . On the positive side , it was an awesome jump . 
STILL doing homework ! RARGH ! Mere text cannot express my anger . \ 
... possibly it would be done if I wasn't messing around on Facebook ... 
The website which claims to be able to analyze my music tastes is playing < PROPFIRST > Poppins . I'm not sure if I should be insulted . ... Or ashamed that I'm not switching the song . 
Yay for watching way too much BtVS . 
5 paragraph essays are blah . 
So today in Home Ec I learned I should never even set foot in a kitchen , because there are hundreds of things there that WILL kill if I touch them . I mean , aren't they supposed to be encouraging us to cook ? 
I REALLY need to get some perspective about grades . 
Sims is addicting . 
If the world must end , I hope it happens on February 14 . There can never be too much irony in the universe . 
Can't decide if I'm getting sick or just tired . 
As we speak , Libyan people are being massacred , because they're rebelling against an unfair government . The elderly , women , children , everyone in Libya is in danger tonight . It's genocide . Repost this as your status to raise awareness and support the revolution . 
Best skiing conditions of the year ! 
< PROPMALE > Klein < PROPMALE > is awesome 
I got into DASAC ! Yay ! 
Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
Gabe Gill , < PROPFEMALE > Gerstle , Kat Stowe-Thurston , < PROPFEMALE > Flinker , < PROPFEMALE > Behrens . \ 
I'm reasonably sure the zombies would run from US . 
Thrilled to be in Portland with my friend < PROPFEMALE > . 
A conversation from the girls ' changing room at Karate :\ 
\I like your pants . \ " \ 
Can anyone tell me what the math homework is ? 
\Mom 
So , now I have a little piece of green fabric to sew on my belt in karate . In other words , I am now higher ranking than someone else in the world . I'm pretty happy with that . 
My mom just \accidentally\ " put salad in the oven . People wonder where I get the spaciness .... " 
Apparently , I'm now the Mistress Of Doom . I shall not rest until I fulfill my mission of vanquishing the UberGilsons and their pathetic little gang of DoGooders . Watch out , Gilsonettes . I'll be in your dreams , nightmares , AND closets . 
