Don't hide yourself in regret , just love yourself and you're set . I'm on the right track baby , I was Born This Way . 

When you look with your eyes everything seems nice . But if you look twice you can see it's all lies . 
Oh security words , you amuse me . 
loves I Love Charts with a fiery passion . 
can't stop listening to Retro Physical . :O 
I just caught myself tapping out the rythym to Kleiner < PROPMALE > . FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUU- 
Ukulele Tabs is back up ! Yeahhh ! 
I forgot how much I liked blues . Thanks iPhone for failing on me , so I could listen to my old iPod . :) 
MSG Gaga audio = pure amazing . I can't wait to be one of the people screaming for her . 
This beat is so funny , we made it with their money . Ha ha ha ha ha ha ... 
Note to Self : Buy You Love You before you explode from need . 
GAGAPALOOZA is official !!! 
Busy busy week ahead of me ... busy but epic . :D 
can't get enough of instrumental covers tonight ... 
All these all-nighters cannot be good for my health . 
Cleaning out the basement . I didn't know my dad had a Pulp Fiction poster ... 
Hmm ... I'm thinking Palladia > Fuse now . They're playing the V Fest and Glastonbury streams next week . -hits record- :D 
Thirteen ( Sixteen counting Video Phone ) nominations ? Mind = Blown . 
Gaga I'm coming for you ! GAGAPALOOZA here we come ! Counting down the hours , absolutely cannot wait . 
GAGAPALOOZA ! Don't have many pics or vids but I sure as hell have all the memories . What a day , what a day . Wish it never ended . 
You gotta love how on my IRL facebook I'm getting hate about Gagapalooza but on here it's nothing but love . MONSTERS FTW 
is listening to some < PROPFIRST > Thile . I'd love to be able to play the mandolin like that man . 
I own one of the sweetest dogs in existence now . How is this possible ? 
-eyeroll- I forgot how annoying the anime fandom can be ... 
Spending my last day of summer babysitting . Wonderful . 
Think I need a < PROPFEMALE > ale , that was such an epic fail . 
Dear Busdriver , \ 
I hate you . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
So my school's marching band is playing Poker Face and Bad Romance this year . Looks like I'll be going to at least one football game this year ... XD 
Running on an hour and 40 minutes of sleep .... cool . 
it is 3am . I have to be up at 6:30 am . WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME ? 
They're doing a story on Turtle Island Quartet\ 
on NPR . BITCHIN . 
Louder than sirens , louder than bells , sweeter than heaven and hotter than hell . 
LIVING ON THE RADIO ! -dead- 
Stone river eyes and a lonely heart . If I'm living on the radio , they won't tear me apart . 
What kind of sick fuck throws puppies into a river ?!? I hope 4chan finds this woman and destroys her . 
Everything was everything , but baby it's the last show ... 
So my mom has to use my laptop till she buys a new one ... :/ * locks folders * 
I can't decide whether you should live or die . Oh you'll probably go to heaven , please don't < PROPFEMALE > your head and cry . 
AP Euro is going to kill me . I'm absolutely certain of it . > < 
So I realized it was September today-which made me think that there will be no Farmer's Market soon . Where does the time go ? D: 
I see you driving downtown with the girl I love and I'm like FUCK YOU . ( ooh ooh ooh ! ) 
Close reading essays can suck my < PROPMALE > . > : l 
Hiding out in the bathroom because I couldn't be bothered with doing cardio today . Blech . >:P 
Glad my grandma is leaving tomorrow ... any more of her cackling would make me go insane . > : l 
Can't post the actual link since I'm on my phone ... but this is sickening . \ 
\ 
http://minnesotaindependent.com/64047/anti-gay-group-organizes-in-anoka-schools-as-community-deals-with-gay-suicides 
I like school . Minus the homework and the stupid people . So will I enjoy today ? No . Probably not . 
All nighter for no apparent reason . Yay for bad decisions ! 
Sitting in the school library . So much shit to get done . D: 
Passion in Brooklyn , painted green watermelon . That guys ride is good lookin ' , good lookin ' . 
I love you Corgi . 
It would take 2,826,206,643 . 42 of the word \helvetica\ " in helvetica font to reach the < PROPFEMALE > and back . " 
Whether Gaga is performing or not , she's going to \ 
a . Look fabulous\ 
b . Win a shi t-t on of awards\ 
c . Pretty much pwn everyone else . \ 
SO THERE . XD 
I never thought I'd be asking < PROPFEMALE > to hold my meat purse . 
So I was writing notes and putting them in awesome books last week . I put my twitter in there-someone actually tweeted me ! :O 
< PROPFIRST > Ruiz I got the lipglass ! Thank you thank you thank you ! <3 
Creepy old dude in my neighbor's backyard . He just caught me looking at him . HE'S GONNA CLIMB IN MAH WINDOW . 
Going to call my senator soon ... what should I say ?! I'm nervous . :/ 
On my way to my grandparents ... yippee . 
GAGA ADDED A CHICAGO DATE ! Holy shit . Holy shit . I could go to a REAL Monster Ball ! -dead- 
Gaga meant BUSINESS up there . What a powerful speech . It was amusing to listen to imitate homophobic soldiers and make all those meat analogies . Here's to tomorrow ! 
Pulling an allnighter . Why do I do this to myself again ? D: 
God dammit . 
So many people became activists for the first time because of this . Whatever hopeful ideas of change they had were rejected today . Thanks for making us feel more worthless , senators , really . 
Skipping Spanish class . I feel like a Bad Kid . 
It's nearly 8pm and I haven't started on either of my essays . This is going to be a fun night ... 
Not as fucked as I thought . The girl who sits across from me in AP Euro is really pretty . ( Thank god for my monster FB ! ) 
Does anyone have any suggestions for \Senior-Friendly\ " songs ? I'm entertaining my grandma's nursing home soon and I need to be able to fill up at least 30 minutes ... :P " 
So I JUST got a response from my republican senator about DADT . 
it certainly is Britanny , bitch . 
Fuck the haters . Glee is amazing-this episode reaffirmed that for me . 
\Brittany is like the teen-girl < PROPMALE > Wiggum of Glee . \"" 
The Only Exception has to be one of the easiest songs for the guitar ever . 
Prosody . http://ilikelimes.com/ 
5 publicized teen bullying suicides in the past 3 weeks . Way too many-EVER . 
Gaga wasn't on tinychat . That is all . 
The only thing I have learned from Religilous for certain is that < PROPMALE > Maher is a giant douche . 
There is nothing on for the next hour . Time to watch < PROPFEMALE > on Glee again . :D 
Listening to Gaga at Lolla ( minus You and I ) instead of doing AP Euro ... Remind me why I'm taking this class again ? :P 
And I don't want to be afraid again , it's just that I could use a friend to get me through these changing skies . 
( un)Happy two months since Lollapalooza . I need to go back . 
You know how bad I can get ... 
There's something , something about this place . 
My bio teacher looks like a frog . : l 
You look like an angel , talk like an angel , walk like an angel . But I got wise . You're the devil in disguise . 
is making cupcakes . FUCK YES . 
Listening to DITD live makes my little heart hurt . Post MB depression anyone ? :( 
Some person that runs an artistic cat blog just followed me on Twitter . * dead * 
I'm so lunar , yeah , when I get to him , run him over with my rocketship 
Ugh , I keep thinking all of you are talking about THE Cher ... not X-Factor < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . ( That's her name right ? XD ) 
It's official . Dead Rising 2 is going to be AMAZING . 
Everyone in my family is crazier than I am ... 
My cat = hoe . 
Fuck you with something hard and sandpapery . 
You know what would be awesome ? Punching my bio teacher in the face . 
Together we'll write the greatest story ever told . 
There is a problem when I can hear you over my Heartbeats-and it's not with the headphones ! 
\I suppose we can have a conversation about my very very naughty relationship with Beyoncé Knowles . \ " -Lady Gaga " 
Holy hooker . 
The EMAs are such bullshit , it's not even funny . 
GET OFF MY STAGE ! I love her . <3 
CONAN <3 
If I ever have kids , they're going to be raised on < PROPFEMALE > . 
Omaha MB is up for consideration with my parents ! I'm trying not to get my hopes too high , but .... OMAHA MONSTER BALL ! :D 
played guitar for too long . My poor fingers . D: 
The AMAs are a joke . 
I like how my mother and I have just gotten to a point where she just calls me to tell me to do stuff , even if we're less than 2 rooms away . 
We got toms toms over here bigger than a monsta . 
Gee , with this new profile pic , it's going to be awkward when I post something depressing ... 
Lady Gaga is currently suing NBC , claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for her left and right legs . 
Going to see Guys & Dolls . Gaga was in this once ! ( extremely nerdy , obsessed trivia ) 
I got my hair cut yesterday . Going to get it dyed a nice warm brown tomorrow night . Excited . :D 
BORN THIS WAY-FEBRUARY 2011 . Prepare yourselves . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my wonderful monster friends . May your day be < PROPFEMALE > and bright . Thank you so much for being so loving , kind and putting up with my general awkwardness . <3 
I can't stop listening to Pink Friday . She really is the best bitch doing it . 
I don't sympathize cause you're a simple bitch . 
Gaga's official Facebook doesn't have a profile picture ... o_O Was it the BTW promo and did it get taken down ? 
These girls fall like dominoes . 
People's Flop Awards . Shouldn't have expected any different ... 
Smile , you're so fucking famous . 
You could be the < PROPMALE > but watch the < PROPFEMALE > conquer . 
I feel like utter shit . Damn you winter sickness . 
I don't speak < PROPMALE > but I can if you'd like . 
Scheiße 
Give yourself < PROPFEMALE > , and love your friends , subway kid rejoice your truth . In the religion of the insecure I must : be myself , respect my youth . 
Happy International Lady Gaga Day everybody ! :D 
I can't believe she wrote this in 10 minutes . It's so amazing . 
Today was a successful day . Yes indeedy . 
Subway kid rejoice your truth . 
The only downside to fantastic weather is screaming children all around my neighborhood . 
So basically I was healthy for 2 days and now I've spiraled back down into the pits of illness . I hate life . D: 
I'm stunned . Born This Way is everything I wanted and more . 
I took my love and I took it down . I climbed a mountain and I turned around\ 
And I saw my reflection in the snow-covered hills . Well , the landslide brought me down . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Lament <3 
Would it be wrong to call Perfectionist nearly perfect ? :P 
