We are home . All in one piece ..... many stops to maintain open eyes enough to drive . It was noce to see all my family and friends .... thank you to all that made it a pleasant trip . Hope everyone has a Happy , Healthy and Wealthy Year . 

Comindin 
Happy Father's Day to all those Daddys ! 
Time to call mine ! The Best One ! 
Where were you when Armstrong walked on the < PROPFEMALE > ? I was 8 and watching it on tv . 
< PROPFIRST > Pietrzyk FACEBOOK has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Log out link . Select Privacy . Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL . Next select the tab that 
I'm leaving on a jet ... don't know when I will be back again . Carpetners 
Pinemount Elementary PTO will be having a Yard Sale and Fall Festival on Saturday October 17 - 8:00 am to 1:00 pm . If you have any items you would like to donate to help us raise money , just let me know :) 
Pinemount Elementary PTO has reached their goal of $500 from General Mills Box Tops for the month of September . Thank you to all that donated to help fund a brand new school . We hope to reach another $500 by the end of October .... please continue to send in .... 
Pinemount Elementary School is having another FUNDRAISING . Brooklyn Boys in Lkae City Florida on RT 90 west from 5-9pm . Take out Counts -- So don't cook tonight ! 10% goes back to Pinemount . 
Pinemount Elementary School is having another FUNDRAISING . Brooklyn Boys Pizza in Lake City Florida on RT 90 west from 5-9pm . Take out Counts -- So don't cook tonight ! 10% goes back to Pinemount . 
Columbia High School , Lake City , Florida - Home Coming Week - Take a Good Look at the couple on the \Art Club\ " car . " 
Go NY Jets ....... Put the Miami Dolphins back in the water ! 
Those serving our Veterns , Our Vets and all those whom will be serving in the future . Thank you . My prayers include that all will be treated more and more respect , and provided for than those of the past . 
Hospice in Lake City Florida is having a Memorial Ceremony tonight at 6pm . Come and celebrate the lives of those that you have lost . 
I am watching The Wizard of Oz on a tv with split colors .... wishing it was in black and white 
Ok , I just returned from Walmart , and purchased another vaccum . I slept on it for 3 hours and decided since it is all taped up , I broke the last belt and the dirt wasn't going to lift itself ... go for it . My old one was now 6 years old , but it was still picking up really good ... but the new one is PLASTIC ! and cost more than the last one ! How long will this last . 
Ok , I have officially broken the brand new vaccum I just bought yesturday ( Tuesday ) at 3am . Yes , there was a lot of deep down dirt , but the motor has stopped working . On my way to < PROPMALE > World to take it back and get one that will last longer . Yes , it was $65 , but I expect to be able to run atleast a week . Question , when someone buys a vaccum , don't they use it after they buy it ? 
KMart is open tomorrow .... yes , Turkey Day excitement ! 
Is it over yet ? Just wondering .... 
Happy Erev Chanuka ! I love making homemade Latkas ( potato pancakes) ! Yes , #50 poatoes peeled , cooked and dropped into hot oil , just so my youngest son can have fresh latkas . We also made donut holes injected with jelly and the kids will make marshmellow/pretzel driedels . And , I finally located some choolate gelt ( money ) . ( Do you really think I could find any of the real thing ? ) 
Happy Chanuka to everyone ! May the lights shine bright . May the latkes be warm and the gelt roll in ! Shabbat Shalom ! 
I am watching the Passover story on tv --- did I sleep too long , and it isn't Chanuka , but Pesach ? Happy 2nd night of Chanuka -- maybe another channel will have Chanuka 
Big Sun Classic Pigeon Show , Inverness , Florida . This weekend . I am doing the food again . In memory , < PROPMALE > Daar ..... Also , have REDUCED pigeon supplies still available . Let me know and I'll bring down to show . 
New York here we come .... looking forward to meeting up with family and old friends .... pass the word ! email me or call my cell . Or post where and when you will be . 
I am here in Yorktown Heights area . Call me 386-344-5099 or email me bkz11@hotmail.com . Looking forward to seeing everyone 
I am here in Yorktown .... it is snowing ! My younger ones are under the care of my older girls .... so ...........!!!!!! 
It was great seeing some of my old friends ( and met some new ones ) at Murphy's . Had a great time ...... 
Wish I was up at the Jet game , snuggled up with some hot cocoa with someone special . It looks like they are doing fine with out me .... better than I am without my someone special . 
Girl Scout cookies go on sale < PROPFIRST > 8th , this Friday . Let me know what cookies you would like . The cookies are $4.00 per box . Thin Mints , Samoas , Tagalongs , Do-Si-Dos , Trefoils , Lemon , < PROPFEMALE > De Leche , and Thank u < PROPFIRST > Much ( new ) . Please help the girls of Troop 926 reach their goals . Cookies freeze . Email Mom at bkz11@hotmail.com Brownie < PROPFEMALE > ( No brownies ) 
Frozen pipes in Florida , despite washing dishes and taking a shower at 2am and letting water drip all night !!!!!! 
I lost my cell phone at Walmart . Left it in the cart when I was loading the truck , and people were waiting for my spot . I hope there is a honest person whom will anwser it and return it to me . In the 5 minutes between driving off and finding another place to park . I checked all the carts returned to the cart place and have kepp calling it incase someone was shopping with it . 
JETS ..... Whoo Hooo ! 
Update on phone . A woman called and spoke to B last night . He told them to leave it at customer service . It still isn't there ????? She found it in the cart .... so she was still at Walmart ????? So where is the phone ? So far only minute used was call to my house . 
On top and covered 
OK pipes are officially frozen again ! Not sure where freezing ..... I pray my luck doesn't run out ... leaving me with ..... so now I have clothes half washed , toliets without water and ... 
UPS is shipping anything under 50lbs for free to Haiti . You can send food clothes or shoes ... and American Airlines is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free . Please call 212-697-9767 . Spread the word ... Red Cross needs Creole speaking volunteers for a 24hr phone bank . Call Mr. Wilfrid @ 305-776-6900 ASAP ... Please Repost this Info . 
I am failing as a mother ...... my youngest son ( 6 yrs ) just came out with a Colt talking doll ( someone gave my mother , who gave it to my son ) I am sorry my Jets .... I eill redo his training . He will be a JET Fan , and You will win today ! 
Wow , I am back from my 5 continent , 11 country world-wide trip . The girls , parents and leaders had a really great time ; tasted a variety of foods and picked up SWAPS . The presentations were very informative and the girls did a wonderful job providing us with interesting things about their countries and Girl Scouting around the world . Guess , I now need a nap , since I am jet-lagged . Same time next year , girls ? 
Bumper sticker of the year : ' If you can read this , thank a teacher -and , since it's in English , thank a soldier ' This is a special statement ( just read this from an email -- some \Ducky\ " friend fan ) " 
Cookies , Cookies for Sale ..... Come and Stop-by all the cookie booths this weekend ! Last weekend for sales .... then it is 11 months before we get our next delivery . They freeze well . And for all our dieters , you need treats occationally ; like One-A-Day to keep the junk food away . 
Hey , ya all -- last weekend for cookie booths .... and we'z only got 45 cases left . Friday night 3-8 at Publix on Route 90 Lake City . We hope to have sold them all out . If not See you on Sunday ! 
yummy ..... can't wait to see all the cakes this year . Public Auction at the Lake City Mall 2:30 this Saturday ..... Cakes made and decorated by Girl Scouts ..... profits go toward our < PROPFEMALE > Ball ( Girls and their Dads ) in June 
Whoo Hoooo ..... Sea World !!!!!!!! 
I have decided to go back to April 16 , 1980 .... Best 3-day party of my life ! Place : Canada . I could really use a walk down shoe store lined streets about now . BTW , we didn't have cellphones ... so if you need me ... leave a message . 
Iyar 4 - In Loving Memory of < PROPMALE > Daar . ( May 9 , 2008 ) 
Looking for a babysitter for 2 adorable children this week . Mostly evenings and possible overnights . 
For Sale : Blood Clots . They have to be useful for something . Afterall , we recycle everything ! 
Stuck in LCMC for weekend/Shabbos . Boo hoo ! 
I have been sprung ! all those looking to talk to me , try the house or cell or email or FB . Thank you to all my visitors , childcare givers and \well\ " wishers . " 
Spent the day in < PROPFEMALE > with Scouts < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and other leader , < PROPFEMALE > . We had a great time , and made plans to take our troops back for a trip . 
cell phone is back ! 
To the man that made me \A Mother\ " to some wonderful children . \ 
I wanted to leave on a jet plane .... but JetBlue has no more seats for the next 2 days left for anywhere I wanted to go ..... $10 on all their remaining seats to anywhere they fly May 11 & 12th . 
This is \Mother Brag Week\ " --- If us mothers ( and other relatives and friends ) don't brag .... our kids won't . Congrats to all our children for all the fantastic things they are achieving ! " 
Happy Birhtday , my son . Hope your summer is everything you want . 
Happy 18th to my middle son , Baruch !!! \ 
\ 
( turn on your wall , so others can wish you too ... per a phone call this morning ) 
Happy 50th Anniversay Mom and Dad ! To another 50 ! June 15th , 1960\ 
They have no idea what their children are up to this weekend . 
Getting my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight and spending the weekend in Melbourne . Then Sunday hoping making my way back to Biloxi for my truck . ? way to Tally , then Greyhounding there . 
Anyone going to Tallahassee ( catching Greyhound there ) or Biloxi after 7pm on Sunday from Lake City ? My truck is still there .... must get it ! 
Good Shabbos from Jacksonville , Florida . 
Love seeing everyone's 4th pictures . 
Good morning London ; Good night Florida . 
Sending out prayers for all my friends that are in medical , financial and sticky situations . \ 
I started reading today's postings and emails , and there seems like an overload of pain occurring . May memories soften losses ; meds reduce pain ; man correct computer errors , and we all take one breath at a time , cause we weren't made to take two . 
I am back home ! 
Happy Birthday to 750 Woodlands Terrace ! 7 years ago you became mine ! Tonight's menu Steak with onions , Brownies in our ice cube pan thingie and Rice with stuff in it and for the house , a new toliet flapper ! \ 
Oh , I guess it is a good time to say , \House for Sale \"!" 
We wish you all a meaningful day and an easy fast . 
Looking forward to this new year . Also looking forward to eating with friends in Jax in their sukkahs . 
Came home to no electric . Was off since 11:43 AM , and now on at 1:48 AM . Squirrel knocked the canister down ? 
In Gainesville for Yom Tov . 
Just had a great day(s ) with all my 7 children ( and families ) , 1 grandchild and my sister and parents . They came to celebrate their Grandparents 50th with a nice dinner . Can't wait to see the pictures together .................. 
REWARD : To anyone that took \a picture of all my children together\ " yesturday - Thanksgiving 2010 : 1)alone ; 2)with me ; 3)with their grandparents ; 4)with everyone else . Deal is it has to be one picture . " 
HOME 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
The little fish better watch out tomorrow when the JETS flush them down the toliet !!!!!! 
Well the call came last night about 9pm .... Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s Dolphines once again beat the Jets , and he called to let me know ! 
Box Tops for Education\ 
Looking for the perfect afternoon snack for your snow angels ? Save money while earning for your school with these coupons from Totino's , Pillsbury , and more ! http://bit.ly/BTFE-Coupons\ 
.. 
Go JETS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
And what was that ???????????????? 
Happy Birthday , Mom !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to school . They gave me rules , a curfew , suggested I get a job and made me work for what I wanted . They insisted I do my best at school , my job & to take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , good work ethic , healthy respect for the law and my elders . What does your parents make you do ? 
I just received the most beautiful present in the world . \ 
A calendar book entitled \Twelve Months of Hannah\ " \ 
Who came in 3rd ( Wolf ) in Cub Scout Pack 91 Pine Wood Derby ? You got guessed it correct ! Ronen's car with Heat Flash driving . Pics will come tomorrow . Daar boys eat his dust ! 
