enjoyed his 5-day weekend , but it's back to business as usual . 

had a good weekend spending time with family and working on my golf game . But it's Monday again ... ugh ... 
is looking forward to Ribfest this weekend ! 
one more week ' til my birthday , and my vacation ! I'm more than ready for it now ! 
Only 4 days to go , then I'm on vacation !! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . It was a good day , and I'm enjoying every minute of my vacation . 
I'm getting ready to cook supper . On the menu tonight ... Parmesan Crusted Chicken with Fettuccine and < PROPMALE > Sauce . 
Only one more day , then it's another weekend of football . GO HUSKERS !! 
is not a fan of this cold weather . What happened to the Sun ? 
enjoyed the long weekend , but has to go back to work tomorrow . Right now it's time for some cardio ... I'm thinkin a bike ride . 
had a really good time last night with < PROPFEMALE > , and looks forward to doing it again real soon . 
is disappointed in the Husker loss . Looks like the offense needs to learn how to hold onto the football . 
had a good weekend , but wish it could be just another day longer . 
just fixed the brakes on my car last night , with help from my Dad . The best part of it all ... it only cost me about $20 . Gotta love do-it-yourself repairs ! 
thought the concert last night was awesome !! Three Days Grace , Breaking < PROPMALE > , and Flyleaf all put on a good show ! 
Now that the sun is out , maybe today won't be so grey after all . 
had a great weekend ! We went swimming , then did blacklight mini-golf , played pool , and went bowling all in one day . And it was all free thanks to my good < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
is getting everything planned out for the camping trip to Idaho . Some things we still need to figure out , but we'll make it work . Only 3 weeks to go ! 
is having a great time on my vacation . Mountains all around and perfect weather ... can't get much better than this ! 
is looking forward to tomorrow night , celebrating my birthday with my friends . Then I'm going to a Salt Dogs game Sunday before going to supper with family . Sounds like a great weekend to me ! 
Thanks to all my family and friends for the birthday wishes . I'm definitely feelin ' the love ! 
went to the Husker game tonight with Zach . < PROPFIRST > Martinez had a good start with 3 rushing touchdowns ! Just gotta work on that defense , can't give up almost 300 yds to a team with a 21 game losing streak !! 
has got a certain someone on my mind . Wish she could be here with me right now because I miss her . 
Another productive day working on the house . All the tear down is done for the most part , just fixing some structure issues . Every little bit is one step closer to having my own house ! 
Started back at work today after being on vacation . And what do you know , there's talk of snow ... again . It makes me want to be back with the sun and palm trees in Florida . 
We are making progress on the house one step at a time . Dad and I just got the new front door put in today . Still plenty to do . lol 
