prefers to walk in the rain so he isn't complaining about the weather . 

just remembered he's on the discusion group for the day and never read the chapter . 
Is going to see Law Abiding Citizen tomorow , it looks fantastic . Also anyone waiting for tranformers to come out next tuesday I'm not sure it's going to , we never recived it at work . We always get movies the wednesday before they come out . 
has anyone else noticed how all the quizes on here are eitehr spot on or complet garbage answeres ? 
just came up to Calhoun to get in the math lab and do his homework . No ones here but the janotors . So I snuck into Haris Hall and an mooching the wifi while I can . Also Calhoun isn't a bad place to go incase of Zombies , there are no dorms so you would only have to deal with infected janitors . 
Dose sound like it could be fun , when would yall want to get together ? Hardin and I both have to work Halloween morning so it won't be an all day thing but I should get off around 4 so we'll all still ahve time to go pretty much where ever . 
A note to all Trick-or-Treaters , Halloween is in two weeks . I have been asked to remind you all of this and say get to work on your costumes if you haven't yet , time is running out quickly . Also < PROPFIRST > suggested we get together earlier and have a carving party of some sort , is anyone up for the idea and where would we have it . Also where are when are we meeting on Halloween ? 
hates contact lenses , tried for over an hour to get one in and finaly gave when it was stay there and keep trying or be late to class . I may end up just having to be somewhat blind on Halloween becasue I don't want to have to deal with them . 
Dwarf Fortess is so rediculasy indepth it's HARD ! 
to all trick or treaters , when do yall want to meet ? We need to start working on a schedual now so we can get more done . Also where all do yall want to go , I know were hitting the neiborhoods , The Deep , and probalby a mall or 2 but where else ? 
woo , research papers . 
just wants everyone to know that seeing a Goblin snatcher who's trying to steal your dwarves children be killed by 37 kittens is the best thing ever . 
finaly got Fallout 3 , I am already addicted . It is fantastic . 
almost had a new car but now I might not . A guy at dad's job is selling a 1969 & 1972 Fiat 128 Spiders , originally for $400 , but he's invested $1000 so he wants more . But it will take him as much as 10 months to get them back together to sell which doesn't fix my immediate problem of my car is dieing and not worth fixing . 
was late to psychology , but walked right in the door as the teacher called my name to present my paper . She even complemented my timing . 
gets to go drop his math class now . 
VG Cats actually updated ! 
' s breaks weren't working thios morning which was a bit of an experince , so I spent and hour trying to fix them knowing I was going to miss psychology . A ways into working on them I relized we're out of break fluid anyway and still had to gear up and ride a boke to school . If I had known that before I wouldn't have missed psychology . 
Judeophobia Fear of Jews . Best phobia EVER . 
is noticing how everyone else is done with school and my finals aren't until next week . 
\waz here Now your not now I am now you're not I am here no you're not yes I am No I am No your not you're not either but I am I am here but will soon be leaving so get over it . \ " Best example of bathroom writing I've seen all year . " 
' s English final is to write 10-15 sentences about my favorite place , but I can't use the same word twice except for a/an/and/the/but . That's right is isn't on that list . It's not hard , it's just annoying . 
finished with english , now I have to be back to Calhoun at 8AM to take my psych exam , then I get to sit around unit 12:30 for History . 
for those of you who care the Stig is < PROPFIRST > Schumacher ! 
' s psychology exam was one GIANT pattern , it freaked me out the whole time . 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Binkley My day just got so much better ! Thank you internet ! 
just finished book 2 of The Engineer Trilogy , and I'm hard pressed to not start book 3 and go to bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone . 
' s net is going crazy , but thanks to my sis ' photo shop skills my Farfetch'd profile pic is finished and he doesn't look sunburnt . 
has the < PROPFIRST > Brothers World 3 map music stuck in his head , I have played that game in a decade . 
thanks to Beans I have litteraly trippled the sive of my music collection and all of it is awesome . From the Brothers Bloom sound track to all of the Pheonix Wright game music ! :D 
loves cranberry crunch , especially when it's cold . 
there's this thing on TV with a bunch of guys in white against some folks in red throwing an oblong shape around , apparently I should be caring . 
I'm going to Calhoun tomorrow just to have something to do . I'm bored out of my skull and ran out of productive things to do before New Years , it's that or rearrange my whole room in some new and unusual fashion . I don't handle long breaks well anymore . 
My history teacher is an exmillitary dirty old man with a lisp and 90% hearing loss due to explosions and rifle fire , so far a good first day . 
VG Cats updated today , it's a Christmas one so it's a < PROPMALE > late but hey atleast it's updated more than fanboys which has updated 6 times since april fools day last year . 
the only thing between me an lunch is a 54 lb . backpack and 1/4 mile to the texaco , woo burning callories before you get them . 
I have to write an essay in English today , it's gonna suck . I have to write about an experince that mattered to me , yep writiing this is gonna suck . 
I don't know how it happened but some how when I sit in the < PROPMALE > bulding eating or doing homework people who need help with any number of things come to me and ask . That was the 134 person I've helped since I started coming to Calhoun . 
MIND BLOWN ! I just relized that Mcgee on NCIS is Zacary Binks sp ? from Hocus Pocus ! 
is issuing a plea for relief . If anyone has something they need done i.e. car work , house work , help with a project I don't care what and would like help LET ME KNOW I WILL HELP . I'm going out of my skull and need a project to get me out of this rut . 
may have high speed cable by the end of this or next week , possibly even 10Mbit possibly , :D :D :D :D :D :D 
pizza , straberry milk , and a hershey's bar for lunch . Not that I'm a college kid or anything . 
WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF A MODERN WARFARE 2 MATCH WITH 32 KILLS 0 DEATH WITH 8 KILLS TO GO BEFORE MY TEAM WON AND MY COMPUTER RESTARTS TO INSTALL UPDATES !!! ARGH MAY YOU CHOKE ON A < PROPFEMALE > AND DIE < PROPMALE > GATES !!! 
stupid Abode updater ! I've had to restart it 10 times to get it to work and it's still got 30 minutes left now that it's finaly working BLARGH ! 
made 2 peanut butter and strawberry sandwhichs , but the oil in my peanut butter has spoild so they smell and taste bad . I really wanted those sandwhichs too . :[ 
Has come to realize that none of my favorite books have pictures and haven't been turned into movies . So either I have to pick a book from mt childhood or a comic . 
has the Xmen cartoon's theme song stuck in his head . I haven't seen that show in years , almost a decade . 
coming to you live from his house on shinny new high speed wireless , < PROPFIRST > ! 
is off to school and not late for the first time in a while , go me . 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Christopher because the first one that isn't just a definition doesn't fit here . 
I'm watching the TopGear Bolivia special during season 14 and I feel physically sick , Clarkson is on The Death Road in a Range Rover passing someone and the outer inch of his tire is hanging over the edge and rocks are sliding out from under it , he makes it but ugh . 
just got done playing Team Fortress 2 with some of the coolest people on the internet , and never had to watch a moment of the super bowl for it . 
http://www.casttv.com/video/f4c65e/punch-buggy-punch-dub-volkswagon-vw-commercial-ad-ft-stevie-wonder-2010-super-bowl-44-video Out of all super bowl commercials this is my favorite . 
Exxon to Calhoun in 11 minutes , a new personal best . 
yeah I just had my first test in history , turns out my teach is REALLY big into dates and who wrote what piece of literature and when . None of which he covers in great detail leading me to believe it wasn't going to be < PROPMALE > test material , guess who didn't do well . 
now has to write a compare and contrast paper in English . To make it more annoying it is open topic so now I have t come up with something and write it today . 
Fox news was saying DC might close from snow , it would cost 100mill to close the government for a day . The 2010 budget is 1.4 trillion , to close the government for the next year would only cost 31 billion dollars . That is a serious bargain if you ask me . 
Made it to school 30 minutes early , 3 cheers for actually getting out of bed when your alarm goes off . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BdiD3Ld5L4&feature=player_embedded# my new favorite 911 call of all time . 
\Thor has been downloaded to this computer\ " best notification I've ever gotten from my compy . " 
Happy Chinese New Year everyone . 
HAS ANYONE ELSE SEEN THE A-TEAM MOVIE PREVIEW ? I have no idea how to feel about it . 
way to go Calhoun delaying 2 hours , so only a half an hour for most people instead of closing like everyone else . 
MY MATH TEACHER ISN'T HERE YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ! 
Wow Obama back nuclear energy , well that's one thing he's getting right only took a year . 
Hooray hockey , and people who aren't pansies about it unlike < PROPFEMALE>'s hockey team . But they are all Canadian business < PROPMALE > what else can you expect from them . 
was just standing in a trailer with a ~ 65 Thunder Bird , 1970 GTO , < PROPFEMALE > 911 , 2 Victory motorcycles and a Ferrari 430 . Where you may ask , it was stopped in the parking lot of at Union . Oh and there was a new Camaro but who cares there was a Ferrari 430 , I now have the Ferrari badge as the back ground of my phone . 
Curse you Russia for your attractive curling women , also for your attractive women in everything else . 
Internet , why must you temp my wrath !? Quick desktop change to Red Lantern insignia . 
was going to get on and ask for a topic I can do a 3 part compare and contrast paper , but just thinking about it I came up with something . Way to go on preemptive answering everyone . 
odds are I'll be at the Block < PROPMALE > in Hartselle in a week or two , hoorah a job ! 
got my tax return today , gonna go by a desk from walmart with it tomorrow . 
thank you smbc theater's new short for putting the present in perspective for us . We know it all went horribly wrong . 
brain , I love you . But , if you're going to wake me up at 3:30 make if for something more important than theorizing about being able to extend your life span by living on a satellite over the equator orbiting faster than the Earth's rotation ; true enlightenment or latent psychic abilities would be more helpful thanks . 
yes stomach I ate a CC's last night , can you please stop trying to kill me for it . Also thank you snow , you've come down just enough to become a hazard and not enough to even delay Calhoun . 
I'm fairly sure I just seriously offended my English teacher , and I don't find my self caring . 
Did anyone else hear about < PROPFEMALE > telling < PROPFEMALE > if we keep selling the Taiwanese weapons they will stop buying our debt and collect what they are owed . < PROPFEMALE > has finally done it , realized that they completely own us . 
After talking with some guys of TF2 I found out that someone is making calendars of women form various curling teams , you tell them what woman you want and they put together a calender of modeling shots from that woman . 75% of the people on there had a Russian Curling calendar already on order , the others were getting United Kingdom , Swedish , or Australian . 
during a debate on racism I found out that the guy who sits bwhind me ( not the one I hate ) is actually a distant relative on my mom's side . I got a hair cut yesterday and his is also now cut the same way , we could pass as half brothers . 
wolfman or book of < PROPMALE > , what do yall recomend . 
if you're ever feeling like your not doing enough with your life just go have supper at Jacks you'll feel much better about your self afterward . 
I lvoe how there was an old Repoman , then a B movie Repoman that was actually really good , now a new Repomen is coming out . I'm undecided if the new one can top a B grade movie set to opera . 
woke up to my alarm this morning feeling good thinking it was Friday . Realized the only reason my alarm would go off was if it was Thursday instead , that pretty well ruined the morning . 
YES FREE DAY IN MATH ! Well you have to be working on something , talking to your neighbor , or texting on your phone that's her stipulation . 
just because you can get to facebook on the wii doesn‘t mean you should . This is difficult . 
trying to find a SolidEdge guide of some sort for a friend . I've spent nearly an hour and I finally found and downloaded one , its in Russian ........ 
discovered I look good in corduroy . Some what unexpected . 
I hate this paper so so much . Stupid english class . 
1 month 2 days until Dr. Who comes back on . 
http://learnfrommyfail.com/ another good site to laugh at people and waist WAY more time than you should . 
dear history class , I hate your stupid test becasue I'm terrible at names and dates . Had you asked me what the Spinning < PROPFEMALE > did I could ahve told you in extream detail but , I've no idea who invented it . Stupid stupid class . 
when ever I try and connect my DS to our wireless the entire network turns off and re-starts . Anyone know the reason ? 
now to design the ultimate bunk bed desk combo thing . 
I have succeeded in designing a giant bed desk thing that would replace every piece of furniture in my room , into one big piece . Only obstacle : where to put a ladder since it only leave 8 inches of clearance in my room . 
WHY ARE ALL THE SOLID EDGE BEGINNERS MANUALS IN POLISH ! 
Firefox just locked up , crashed and now has no history or cookies ..... odd ? And now I was logged out of Facebook and had to log back in ?! 
Dear Sleep , We used to spend so many hours together but now you don't come around very often . Now , when you do it's early the next morning after some crazy night being away from me . It's just not the same , hope things get back to normal soon . -Binkley 
Congrats everyone we're still here . The LHC was fired this morning and the world has not been destroyed , how exciting . 
cleaning a fish tank should not be a 5+ hour job . 
This is not an April fools joke You just lost the game . 
I'm going to have to put both barrels into my history teacher again , he has yet to learn his lesson . This will make 8 times I've completely blown him out of the water . 
SWEET I MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET A JOB ! It's at the movie theater who's name I'm forgetting in Decatur . 
almost done packing time to pack up my laptop . Then off to Memphis . 
hasn't been on the wifi much , glad to see yall haven't let a zombie apocalypse start without me . 
I finally know what the problem with my computer is . The weir pink lines I'm getting all across it are because my graphics card is about to go belly up , good new : I'm 95% sure it's still under warranty . 
Happy Easter ! 
Is home , is not meant to breath city air , has a hurt elbow and pelvis , and some lady crashed into the side of our drive way while we were gone . But my big green drafting book came in , wooo . 
Clarkson just made a car do a barrel roll in a tunnel . 
I ate this paper I have no idea what to write , BLARG ! 
finally finished the entire Boatmurdered story . Time to head home . 
Arg bones , ARG is all I have to say . 
ok Night < PROPFEMALE > trilogy , I have finished this first book of yours and until the last 20 pages I didn't think you were going to redeem your self . 2/3 through and the \assassins attack everyone dies\ " bit almost made me not finish but I guess I can start book two since you fixed most of it . " 
just got back from an interview at Bokks a Million , I have a follow up at 3:30 on monday . Hopefully this lead to a job . 
Yay new depressing comic week is starting on C&H ! 
the first two episodes of the new Doctor's show are already up on CastTV , but I still want to be surprised so I'm trying REALLY hard not to watch them . 
Right now I should be in English class turning in my paper . Instead I'm emailing to her because I'm stuck in the Math and Science building's bathroom . Yeah it's been a fun day so far . 
wow , I haven't played MW2 in a while so I decide to go back to it today . And for some reason all the games you can't move around , it's happening to everyone . Hello again TF2 . 
my sister is playing the first Phoenix Wright game on our Wii and my mom just got mad at Edgeworth for objecting . That's how you can tell these games are really good . 
why is it only 11 o'clock ? Seriously it should be later by now what is wrong with this ? 
I'm having to black list PirateBay . Apparently , Paramount found out I downloaded \Up in the Air\ " and freaked out and contacted Charter about it . Charter basically just said not to do that again . My only question is how did Paramount find out ? Anyone know if their allowed to go through servers like that ? " 
I have a missed call from books a million and a voice mail but I'm in class soI can't check it ...... blarg . 
just realized somehting . Under Obama's plan for space we can now use the term \space age\ " to describe old things . It already sounds like an antique term but since we can't go to space anymore it fits better . " 
Ok I'm not going to get into it's technical specs for my non F1 fan friends . But on one of the cars it somehting called an \F duct system\ " which allows them to controll the downforce on the back of the car . If you're not paying attention when ever they talk about it it sounds like \ " the f'ed up system\ " and I keep wondering what their talking about . " 
DOCTOR WHO TIME ! 
The new Doctor is good . The new series is good too , I recomend it to anyone who was holding out . 
Hey who all wants to come with me Friday May 7th to see Iron Man 2 at the Rave ? 
APPARENTLY , the philosipers are also going to be on this history test , at least other people are as surprised as I am . Well crap . 
got around 2 hours of sleep last night , didn't do as bad as I though I was going to on that test just now , and today is my first day at Book-a-million . The good news : I should be supper fun to be around . :D 
I'm torn 5 guys burger , BK big fish , or McDonald's chicken nuggets ? 
some many fries ! The good news I have almost 2 hours to sit here and eat them all . 
5 guys needs ice cream . Nothing fancy just a plain chocolate , vanilla , and mix machine and cones or a bowl . Because a bowl of mix ice cream would be the perfect end to this meal . 
finished breakfast off to work . 
You know what is sort of sad . I'm looking at buttons and they have one that says \I'm a Cleric . Pardon me while I lay on hands . \ " and my first thought was Clerics don't lay on hands that's Paladins . " 
no matter what else I get this is coming in my first order of buttons . http://www.cafepress.com/+attorneys_badge_small,356195648 
ok , if you're going to offer a button in 2.5 \ you should offer it in a single pack not just 10 and 100 . I don't need 10 or 100 or these buttons . " 
off to work . Maybe I'll actually be able to finish some of those test today . Also leaving means I'll stop looking at buttons , if I ordered all the ones I liked I'd have over $140 worth of buttons , yeah that isn't happening . 
Thursdays are new book days at Books-a-Million , yesterday was worse then normal and all the people who went home at 8 left at eight on the < PROPFEMALE > . That left about 4 people stocking the remaining half of the store . I didn't only just get on line I just woke up and could stand to sleep more , blargh . 
off to food and work . Hopefully today wont beat me as bad as Thursday did . 
............................................ wow ................. thanks you PDS for finding this , I honestly can't stop laughing . http://www.smh.com.au/entertainment/books/gandhis-sex-life-laid-bare-in-new-book-20100426-tn6t.html 
is watching the new episode of Doctor Who with the angles . I'm in a well lite room surrounded by people I think my chances are good . 
My first order of buttons left Nashville 20 minutes ago YES ! Tomorrow ... ok well today I get to close and have some bling . The only question is which buttons do I wear ? 
I love my job , but 1-2 am bedtimes 5-6 days a week is getting a bit old . 
Today is my first day off since last Monday . And I just got called in to cover closing . This actually puts me really really close to 50 hours this week just counting the full hours not the misc minutes . I guess it's nice to know the like me working there . :| 
trying to decide if I can affor ~ $250 a month payments . 
paper finished off to work . . . * sigh * 
just got Sims Golf for $4 , including 1st class shipping . Yay Ebay bids for . 01 ! Made better by the fact I wanted it but didn't figure a < PROPFEMALE > would win it and bid just for kicks . 
Iron Man 2 was amazing , go see it . Also stay after the credits , there is a nod to the Thor movie they're putting out next . 
I have to open in the morning so I did the\ 
responsible thing and went to bed early . Normally I go to be around 2\ 
and get up at 7 . Last night I went to be around 9 and woke up at 1 . \ 
That is not how being responsible should work at all . 
Wow , I'm home before midnight on a truck day ! 
the next 2 episodes of Doctor Who are already up , I can't decide if I should watch them now or wait . 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > Defranco I found out they are making Transformers 3 , I am unsurprised , unmoved and will odds are never bother to go see it . 
\I don't think that's such a good idea . I'm a Time Lord you're a big fish . Think of the children . \ " It's official I like the new Doctor . " 
is it bad that just by the shade of blue I noticed that the TARDIS has a new exterior ? 
Just saw a different preview of < PROPMALE > of Persia than the one they show in theaters . Almost decided I'm not going to bother . 
Just got home . Still had 2 carts left to do and wanted to finish but I didn't say anything since < PROPFEMALE > was so tired her eyes were red , < PROPFIRST > looked like she was going to pass out , and < PROPFEMALE > B was about the same as < PROPFIRST > . Oh Well now to go back in 12 hours . 
I'm caught up with my comics and shows now off to bed . But before I go I have a serious question for all of you I thought of at work . How could anyone who lives in Nottingham England run for sheriff with a straight face ? 
Alright I've found a car I just have to call the man and see what it needs . Tomorrow I'll let you know if I'm going to be owning one of my favorite cars . The best thing is I can have it paid for by November pretty much at the latest . 
gotta love truck day . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , me and one of the Mellisas are expected to handle it all . Oh we do but we're not always happy about it . ' Cept me I get hyper from being tired and way more fun so I have a blast with it , but it's not a blast I like repeating over and over . 
classic minis are surprisingly affordable and offer tons of options for customizing and fun potential . Plus you can get a sold 60s mini in great shape that gets 40+ mpg for like $5000 . now I just have to save the $5000 . 
finally went to Brewer and got my year book . Yes it took me this long . 
People going to < PROPFIRST>'s cookout give me cake flavor and icing or you're not getting any . 
why dose Huntsville not have a police auction ? The nearest one is Birmingham , Huntsville is big enough I'm really surprised they don't hold one there . 
I cannot describe in words how epic the Homestuck update was . If your not reading it yet you should be . 
joys of online classes day 4 :\ 
still haven't had lack Board update and let me take my syllabus test for math and get my course ID so I can start on the work in Course Campus . Nut I've already reviewed all of chapter 1 in History and am going to take the test later . Mixed bag so far . 
figuring out statisticly how many people in the world there are like me based on basic facts ( random fun ) accoriding to the census there are 42 people in the United States named < PROPFIRST > Binkley , I feel like I should throw some sort of party for all of us . 
seeing how the browser over steam works , not bad . no spell check though . 
HS update , \put the < PROPFEMALE > back in the box\ " should be coming up soon 
Man HS gets a bit sadder everyday , also a bit creepier with the whole < PROPFEMALE>'s family tradition thing . 
just got home , yay truck day . Anyway off to bed . 
you know how we were all talking about the new chick replacing < PROPFEMALE > Fox in the transformer series , her boyfriend is < PROPFIRST > Statham . Could he really not find better , I mean come on he's < PROPFIRST > Statham . 
up to section 1.3 on math done . tired , off to bed . 
Why is it so hard to find a < PROPMALE > Mini Panel < PROPFIRST > from the late 60's that isn't in Austrailia or Northern Ireland ? 
I'm on a Russian server in Days of Defeat , my icon is Putin and I'm on a team with Stalin and Gorbechov . This was completly by luck 
got a new phone , it has a full keyboad it's odd . 
JUST got home from work . I do so ever love truckday when the district manager is coming in well today and you're short one person anyway and you get left with 66 totes and are expected to get them all out . We left 20 and they can get over it < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > good show . Well one good thing did come out of it , I was Jacks first customer of the day . Now eat my biscuit and go to bed and be up in 9 hours to go back to work 
online math classes are the best I've made in math since going to college , online history i turning out to be a huge pain . Not at all as expected . 
just got nearly 14 hours of sleep . I knew I was tired from the weekend I just had , didn't know it was that bad . 
sweet Deus Ex game of the year edition and Deus Ex 2 bundled is only $5 on steam . I recommend it to anyone who like RPG shooters . 
Ladies and Gentleman I'd\ 
like you all to join me in remembering that a year ago we lost a great\ 
man . He inspired millions with his approach to life . Over 1,000,000 \ 
people followed him online and many more in real life . We all have our\ 
favorite moments of his many performances but I hope we call all\ 
remember the most important thing he taught us\ 
\ 
Yelling , hookers and blow is a business plan . We miss you < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
While getting ready for bed remembered I told Dad to wake me up for F1 qualifying , which is in 5 hours . Way to go self from 12 hours ago way to plan ahead . 
you know sometimes being the only reliable person at work SUCKS . I've got all weekends worth of homework to do and my phone just rang , if no one else can make it I'm needed for customer service . 
dose anyone know how the rational zero theorem works ? 
HOLY CRAP \aT\ " HAD TO GET CUT IN HALF TO GET ROBO LEGS AND HE ISN'T BOTHERED BY THIS !!! He is more hard boiled than problem slueth ever was . " 
sometimes I feel like I was meant to be somewhere do something great and go out with a bang of some sort years ago , but missed my appointment and now life is sort of trying to make a plan B . and is taking it's time . 
universe just got turned on it's head Uwe Boll has made a GOOD movie . I must find it . 
that stupid lucky < PROPFEMALE > kid on < PROPMALE > Pains 
today was sort of a humdrum day , but now I know the Engineer update comes out Thursday for TF2 which is pretty awesome . 
Engineer update went out about a minute ago , the stem servers are so busy I can I cant long on . 
spoony's laugh actually disturbes me a bit , also I think he's going to do a let's play : XCOM . That should be good . 
Is home . On the way into the house looked at the woods and ym brain thought \hey it'd be really creepy is you saw Slinder Man out there\ " thanks brain needed that . Guess I'm gonna work on that math review now . " 
Math online stuff stop going down , I'm trying to study . 
Con Air is on . I suggest everyone put they're bunnies back in they're boxes . 
HS update : Scratch is cool , evil yes , but I like his style . And somehow Terezi is able to contact him ? Should get interesting . But now it's bedtime so it'll have to wait . 
you know I thought the the new Old Spice Guys commercials were hilarious and his replying to everyone who spread the word about them over you-tube was even better . But when you find the series of back and forth videos between him and Allissa Milano they just get so much funnier . 
so much history to do today , blargh . But Thursday I AM seeing Inception and buying some food to try some stuff with . 
< PROPMALE > Weasley is on Top Gear . About to do his lap in the reasonably priced car , apparently he a petrol head and owns a bright orange Range Rover , an ice cream truck , and a hover craft . That is quite a way to start collecting cars . and he's actually quite a good driver got a 1:45:5 so he set fast lap . Personally I think he used magic to cheat . 
SWEET ! Patton is on the retro channel ! 
can anyone know if there is a program for Vista I can use to set up a randomizing desktop ? I it to just scroll through my wallpaper folder using a different one every so often anybody got one ? 
new Sweet Bro and Hella < PROPMALE > . No idea when it went up but it's new to me . 
wooo 90 on my history test , thank you momma and tabs in history book . 
oh SMBC today you were awesome in every way . 
if you're going to make an hour and 3 minute long video explaining how to do partial fraction decomposition can you AT LEAST NOT HAVE MASSIVE FEEDBACK INTO YOUR MIC SO I DON'T GET A MIGRAINE TRYING TO LEARN ! Please and thank you . 
wow I have missed a lot in Eureka , casttv time before the late showing then . 
Based on my general life style and my known genetic traits I've figured up statistically there are 2.3687149 people like me in the United States alive right now . That is not counting my self . I feel I should find this other whole person and fight him . 
< PROPMALE > Engvall is the bad guy on the new Leverage . This is odd . 
sweet Calhoun becoming a tobacco free campus , no more smoking hot girls . I hope you see what I did there . 
needs a hobby 
I was really unsure about how Warehouse 13 tonight , so far it's turning out ok . 
random fact for the night . There are currently 50 Lego bricks per person who is alive in the world . Looking at my collection ..... HAHA ETHIOPIA I'VE GOT ALL YOUR LEGOS ! 
just got off a 13 & 1/2 hour shift . At least the paycheck will be nice . Goodnight everyone , if I'm awake before noon you'll know by large explosions and mass hysteria everywhere . 
just woke up . Feeling awesome , now for some reading in history and to take my final . 
Finally got to catch up on HS for the last 2 days . Oh man , I ... I don't even know what to say about it . 
Was coming downstairs to start work on my model and told sis how amazed I was work hadn't called . My phone rings 30 seconds later , it's work they need me at 4 . 
So I had a girl come through my line today that looked exactly like a younger < PROPFEMALE > Wilde . Had the same voice , eyes , and everything . We talked for about ten minutes about House , comics , video games and how crappy school reading list books always are . She was like 16 , barely , whatever causes jail bait is getting more creative and determined . 
Oh stumbleupon you know me to well . So far you've sent me to < PROPFIRST > Motor Company , Bugatti , and < PROPFEMALE > we really need to have a talk about my budget though . 
Random Fact for the night . < PROPFIRST > Walken was 4th in line for people who could have been < PROPFEMALE > Solo . I want you to let that sink and realize how awesome that would have been . 
Today was awesome . < PROPMALE > Pilgrim rocked . It was good to see most everyone again we should do something again during the fall . 
You know Hulu , just because I hit \not relevant\ " on every commercial but the Cheez it and State Farm ones doesn't mean those are the only commercial you should show . It just means I don't like commercials and never bothered to click it on those . " 
has to get ready for work now blargh . 
Just dominated 6 people as pyro at once . They never got revenge . And yhy don't I play pyro again ?? 
Had a dream that < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and I all were attending collage in space . Then our usual group of people met up at some diner , also in space . Then < PROPMALE > , Figgy and I were in a future tech western movie . < PROPMALE > was some sort of burglar , Figgy was a pregnant saloon singer and I was a cybernetic enhanced sheriff . Altogether they were cool dreams , but now I'm more tired than when I went to sleep . 
drafting seems like it's going to be awesome . But m schedule wont be . I start with English at 9:30 am and end my speech class at 6:45 pm . Yeah I'm packing my lunch and probably something to snack on afterward , but the drafting building has a sort of mini kitchen in it so that's cool . 
I have resumed my help desk position in < PROPMALE > hall where I'll be fore the next 2.5 hours . I'm going to have to start bringing movies . 
I shouldn't have to be awake this early it's bad for me . Case in point I keep hearing the phone ring which it isn't , I declare free-day due it insanity . 
thank you Calhoun I had forgotten how annoying college internet can be , thank you for reminding me so early this semester so we can at least get that out of the way . 
so I made fun of some people yesterday I thought I'd share the story\ 
talking about new iphone\ 
\yeah I've been saving up to get one \"- 1\ 
I have either : An friend or fellow employee with access to a little girl and a weird sense of humor , the above but with a hidden talent for talking like a 6-9 year old , or a 6-9 little girl psycho-stalker . Yeah today was just one of those days . 
ok the Squiddles album . isn't quite as creepy as I was expecting . 
why dose everyone in my drafting class sit around drawing crappy unoriginal custom rims that wouldn't even hold up a cars weight anyway in their free time ? Really is that the best you lot can do ? I'm working on a half mile long third of a mile tall flying ship and a motorized skate at the same time while writing a speech . My job look out is getting much better . 
Watching The Shining before speech . I mildly regret this . 
Stumbleupon just sent me to a . 308 rifle that folds up and fits in a briefcase that is thermally lines and X-ray proof . Why do I feel like my name just showed up on a list somewhere for this ? 
time to write a quick speech and then it's movie time . 
trying to find a quote I like to open my speech with , because apparently that's what you do with a speech to introduce your self . Open with a quote and talk about an influential time in your life . Not actually about your self . Anyone got any good ones ? 
Ok internet I need some topics and your help picking them . I need 2 demonstrative , 3 informative , and 3 persuasive speech ideas . The informative cannot use power point and what not but the others all can . I've got one demonstrative but so far that's all I can come up with , I hate picking topics . All need to be 5min but if yall can get me ideas I can manage the rest . 
HS update was awesome . Loved the music and animations on it . 
Working on a resume to give to my drafting teacher and I can't remember how many years of drafting I've taken . Anyone happen to remember if it was < PROPMALE > or Sophomore year I got into it ? 
Just dominated half of the other team by playing medic , now I'm watching Batman : Mask of the Phantasm . Today is a good day . 
just found my new favorite car for less than $15k . And it is street legal . \ 
http://www.milweb.net/webverts/49504/#_blank 
Hey I got a great new idea for my demonstration speech while in class today . How to pet Schrödinger's cat . 
ok This :\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPPmP4YnVdE\ 
with a bit off this :\ 
http://wallbase.net/wallpaper/87691\ 
would be the best show ever . 
uuuggghhhh sometimes you should never search for a person just to see how they aged . Usually not well . 
HOLY CRAP !!!!! Paw one of my favorite \let's play\ " people is doing \ " Fisher Price : school bus\ " the first computer game I ever played . SO MUCH NOSTALGIA !!!!!!!! " 
my pink lines on my screen have turned blue . I assume this is it getting worse but the screen is easier to read now so that's good . 
just because I CAN believe TLC would run a show about a bunch of polygamist doesn't meant I actually EXPECT them to . IS that really the best they could come up with ? 
it is very strange to hear a parrot speak Japanese . 
apparently 5pm is ant time in the math and science building . This is the second week in a row I've gotten surrounded by ants while sitting here . 
had a girl try and sneakily take my picture at work . Made my night . 
Wasn't sick , stuck behind old women , and found a parking place . I actually made it to class on time . 
bought a slice of pizza to eat for lunch while I get some drafting done . It was WAY over cooked and inedible so I threw it away and bought some pop-tarts from a vending machine . It gave me two sets . Today has been a good day . 
I'm gonna do this the laz .... I mean efficient way . Thanks to everybody for wishing me happy birthday . So far it's been an awesome one . 
OK hears an odd story . So I get this random deposit of 330.04 into my checking account . No idea where it's from it isn't BaM . The same amount it being withdrawn from my savings account . My bank has no idea what's going on , BaM has no idea what's going on and when you google where the deposit is coming from you get a site map of a bunch of < PROPMALE > porn sites and an attack starts on your computer . WHAT IS GOING ON ! 
So I got my account sorted out today . Basic credit card fraud . $4 in redbox charges , $333 in makeup in someplace in NY , and a $519.50 charge for tickets on Air Arabia .... yeah that last one is the only one I'm really concerned about . For the ticket price I already know it's internal to Europe but I don't know from where to where . 
so me in my mazda and some guy in his mustang just got to herd some cattle . It was pretty awesome and I told him we made the best lazy cowboys ever . We even got them back in the fence . 
H3Y 3V3RYON3 MY H1V3B3NT SH1RT C4M3 1N TOD4Y ! NOW 1 C4N B3 W31RDLY HYP3R4CT1V3 4ND F1LRTY 4LL TH3 T1M3 . 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh now I have to go to work today . 
ok I was just going to see who was where in the starting grid . AND THE FIRST 2 LAPS OF THIS RACE HAVE BEEN MADNESS , will I get any sleep tonight ? 
my laptop charging cable just shorted out , it's been frayed for a while but I didn't fell like replacing it . Now I get to drive to replace it between classes instead . yay . 
sometimes being a lucid dreamer can help . Sometimes the dream is so far gone nothing will help . 
so I made a girl feel bad today at work , but another girl declared us best friends now so I'm gonna call the night morally just . 
now to wait till New Vegas unlocks and lets me play\ 
uuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh 3 hours . 
well so far in new vegas I've been shot in the head and rescued by < PROPMALE > Tigh things are looking good . 
ok , so I got an email from UPS saying my package was in the 18th but they couldn't deliver it and need me to come by and pick it up and there is a zip file attachment that's supposed to have the label . But I haven't ordered anything .... odds it's a scam or virus ? 
just killed Ceasar , that was the hardest fight I've had so far . 
just figured out my main file in New Vegas is unwinnable for any faction . Well good thing I started file 2 yesterday . 
just put the base coat of paint on my guns , ok < PROPMALE > friends dose it being cold make paint dry faster or slower ? 
sudden last minute change in costume due to wet paint . 
had fun tonight at our sorta costume party 
I've been awake for 27 hours on 5 hours of sleep since Saturday , my research topics were all taken in english , and I forgot my headphones so I can't do much on my computer . Why did I not go to bed and stay there again ? 
So far the election news has been good to hear , on a diffrent note why is the text all < PROPFEMALE > on my < PROPFEMALE > ? 
so far today as been mostly lame or humdrum but strangely I'm in a good mood , could be the rain could be my new glasses are in , could be the alignment of saturn or some such .... actually thank you google Libras are supposed to be doing something special , saturn is overhead , and I've got on my Terezi Pyrope shirt . So theres that . 
girl walks in looking cold :\ 
guy \you waiting on your boyfriend ? \ " \ 
To Hatai :\ 
Ok people living in tent towns when people come to help you evacuate to higher ground for the 15\ of water that is going to fall on you DON'T RIOT ! THE WHOLE POINT OF TENTS IS YOU CAN PACK THEM AND TAKE THEM WITH YOU NO ONE IS SAYING YOU HAVE TO LEAVE YOUR POSSESSIONS PACK THEM UP THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT OF TENTS YOU STUPID PEOPLE ! IF TENTS COULDN'T BE PACKED UP THEY WOULDN'T BE TENTS THEY WOULD BE HOUSES ! " 
got some new headphones , not sure about the fit yet but they make my . 22 sound like a 50 cal in New Vegas so that part I like . 
in 33 minutes I will be home 27 minutes before I got home . This is the next Inception . 
yyyyyyeeeeeeeeesssssssssss Conan is on ! 
got my new glasses today but didn't get a < PROPMALE > to swap my bank stuff . Stupid Wachovia and snail mail leaving me having to write checks . 
Fernado < PROPMALE > has insured both of his thumbs of 9million British Pounds each . This is more reason to hate him . 
that's twice now New Vegas has crashed during my end game cut scene . Come on guys , I love the game the least you could have done was make it run . 
dear F1 2010 , if you're going to give me a \gear up\ " and \ " gear down\ " button they should have some effect on what gear I'm in . That would be nice . " 
just finished my first race in F1 2010 , considering I started at 7pm maybe I shouldn't set them to full time ? 
Davesprite , Bro , and Lil Cal vs . < PROPFIRST > ; nothing can top this . 
Austraillia is now official upside down , a lotus just took 3rd even with a 10 point grid penalty . Granted it was for wreaking < PROPMALE > so it was worth it . 
Man did I miss out of being completely awesome around 6 years . \ 
http://www.kungfo0.org/theweb/ebay/carrier.html 
finaly got this demo nook to let me log in . Man is this color one so muxh better . 
let's kick kimjongil's stupid < PROPMALE > looking ass it's about time we did . I just hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't do something about us because that would get really nasty really fast . 
anyone know a < PROPFEMALE > Camarena ? 
to my HS friends , go see the update ..... it's a rough one . 
Life needs a reboot button . Or at least a pause . 
< PROPFEMALE > Discography ... 33gb ... 6 seeds .... eta 4 weeks 3days+ ...... * sad face * 
Bought Tron's album . Took 7 tries to get the download to work . Honestly was about to just pirate it since it was paid for already and it would have been easier . 
wheresthetardis.com refuses to load for me . But I really doubt there's a screening for the next season or what ever it's for in my area anyway . 
Also < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , I just noticed my phone hadn't sent it this morning . 
Every Doom game ever made including 3 and the map pack for 2 . All for $8.75 AND THE MOUSE WORKS ! Thank you steam . 
...... Really HS , and entire exposition < PROPFEMALE > in Lord English's white text . Do we really have to do this . 
my computer has now gone through a second power cord . I guess I just have to admit my computer it to awesome for electricity . Glad I got the extended warranty . 
FINALLY have a new power adapter . Laptop is back up and running . 
work was 80% crap tonight with promise or more crap to come later . On a side note if hours stay the way they are I'm almost completely available for a second job ; I can do boring repetitive work for hours without complaint and have excellent customer service skills . 
Got home a little while ago . To those of you who think the world is a winter wonder land right now you are wrong ; the world is a winter wonder drifting land . That is the most fun I've ever had in a parking lot/driving home/ever . The looks on timid peoples faces when you pass them at some degree of sideways is priceless . 
oh Robotech , when you're a hodgepodge of 3 different shows I would expect the direct sequel to be a bit off but I'm 4 minutes in and I can't stop seeing things that are now suddenly completely different and wrong . 
at work taking a break , just saw the HS update . Wow . Also to work people we've found a new way of doing truck that is really fast so now maybe it wont be such a big deal . 
Working on my online math . The first 4 chapters were units of measure and conversion that I could do in my head on on google . Oh this class is gonna be nice . 
hehe I love my schedule , I go in at 2pm tomorrow and am out by 4 . Almost not worth the trip but I'm a 1/4 of the way through my math stuff already (-test ) and this class should be a breeze . One semester to get back on my feet then back into 4 a semester to get this degree done . 
you know what's a strange feeling . When I was a kid I got attacked by a ton of some kind of bug while climbing a tree mostly on my right hand in fingures and I always thought it was some kind of ant . I just came across a picture of what it actually was and got shooting pains through my hand and figures . Turns out it was a ton of female < PROPFEMALE > ants . 
I hate when I get a project in my head only to find out it takes massive amounts of time , money , and physics to work . 
got to my drafting class about 40 < PROPFEMALE > . early . Been sitting here waiting on her to get here and start the class and just remembered she isn't going to be here today and we weren't required to come today . This is my only class I have to be here for ..... so I have no reason to be here . Oh well might as well get some math done . 
dear math people , \ 
there is no reason to invent the term \significant digits\ " for rounding it only servers to confuse and annoy me when I'm about a month ahead using just a piece of scrap paper and a unit converter . Stop trying to make this hard . " 
* sigh * I hate when I find a car I'd love to have and can afford today but I don't know if it's to far gone to bother with . I already know it wouldn't stay stock but rust running rampant , you can see the front seats from the trunk . And then I come back to but the engine turns over and it's a mid 60's Triumph ...... having taste in cars and not a budget to match is a pain . 
why do I keep getting friend request from asian people I've never seen before ? 
wow 31 , you went to Piggly-Wiggly to find people to talk to about school fighting in < PROPFEMALE > , I know you have to find an idiot but honestly did you have to make it obvious . 
I now have 38.8 hours of < PROPFEMALE > music . Dear World , you can't do a thing to bother me now . 
portal 2 is now up for preorder . Guess who is still getting paid in paper checks and forgot to go drop it off today . That's right Bono . 
Head hurts , foot hurts , and knee hurts work was long but it was the cool people today so I'll call today balanced . Now to be up in ~ 6 hours assuming I'm responsible and go to bed now . hehe yeah 
6 picks , 3 shovels , 2 stacks of coal , 3 stacks of wood , 64 iron , 2 stacks of torches , 2 stacks of dirt , 2 buckets of water , 32 saplings a lighter and 1 tnt block in case this dosen't work out . Time to set up a permanent base in the nether . wooo minecraft . 
ok my computer friends :\ 
What would cause me to have to get new IP settings everything I try to download something . Streaming video is fine so is playing a game on line but anytime I download something it craps . How do I fix this ? 
I'm thinking about shaving off all my beard for no apparent reason QUICK woman who I'm not related to give me an opinion ! 
hmmm homefront seems to be having the same problem New Vegas did . FPS drops to single digits when someone is talking or about 2min into online play . Can't wait for that patch . 
just found out those 1/2 Grizzly Bear 1/2 Polar Bear hybrid have a name Grolar Bear . They sound even more like a fantasy game monster now . 
I got a new(er ) car today . First one I can call mine since I paid for it ( excluding tags & insurance ) a 1986 Chevrolet Sprint Plus . It's nothing special in fact its more or less a Geo made by Suzuki sold by Chevrolet but its different enough I don't have to hand in my man card for owning it . And it gets a combined 42mpg so really that is the main thing . 
I shouldn't sit up to watch the F1 race .... I REALLY shouldn't but then again I'm kinda stupid sometimes . 
also why is the only livestream of the F1 race in Russian ? Its exactly whats on tv right now but there is some Russian guy yelling in my ear . 
storm if you're going to wake me up at least stop smiting things near me so I don't feel like my computer is going to go all Raiders of the Lost Ark on my face . 
My dog Scout has run off . I can only assume its to go cap the point but then again I've never known a scout to do something useful . I'm sure where ever he is he needs a dispenser . 
got my title fixed and got car tags . I now officially own the Sprint even if I did have to finagle some papers . 
so thanks to my new exhaust I figured up on the way home my car is up to around 46mpg . On the way home a pack of coyotes crossed the road while I was at a red light , 4 bunnies and a cat ran in front of me on Red Oak and 2 deer farther down the road . I'm being attacked by a clean energy commercial . 
they're remaking \Crow\ " with < PROPMALE > Cooper . If he dies at the end of Hangover part 2 and it lead straight into Crow this could actually work . " 
pulled up whnt's radar to see how things were going , the weather woman is talking about how she is going to be live . She is already . I wonder if anyone will tell her . 
we've sold a ton of cards today just for people getting on the wifi and there isn't a plug in the store without someone on it . My download speed is crap right now . 
cell phones are back up at home apparently . If you want to < PROPFEMALE > out somewhere let me know . I work tomorrow night but other than that I'm just sitting around reading . 
power , internet , and cell coverage are all back on line out here . Wooo I don't have to be Amish anymore . 
I apologize t all my movie going friends , due to scheduling conflicts I wont be able to make it tomorrow . Instead I'll be sending Sleepy < PROPFIRST > I apologize for anything he may say or do ahead of time . 
