Back to school tomorrow . Nose to the grindstone and all . Wondering how my class will be . I know at least 1 of my students is emotionally disturbed . Lots of issues in his home life ... poor kid . My last year's class was a good one so this year's has a lot to live up to ! 

2 days of school down and I haven't put any out the window yet ! 
5 days of teaching so far and I am ready for June ! My class is soooo difficult . I miss last years class . How many days until June 25th ? 
Do I have to go back to the classroom from hell tomorrow ? 
Class from hell . Class from hell . Gotta think postitive or I'll never make it through the school year . 
Just can't believe the amount of yelling and disciplining I am doing all day rather than teaching ! Am I a teacher or a babysitter ? 
Going to get our X-mas tree today . We already put up decorations around the house and Dom says , \It's Christmas in here ! \ " So now he can help decorate the tree . My son is sooo darn cute ! " 
Interview today in Spencerport for Reading Specialist postition . Tomorrow in Pittsford for elementary positions for next year . Wish me luck ! 
Thanks for all the support everyone ! You wouldn't believe what I am being put through in the City right now ! 
Pittsford interview went really well . Just gotta hope I'll be called back for panel interview , nail that , and enough people retire for there to be positions for me to get ! 
Looking at my homepage . Could you tell I am bored today ? 
Check out my new babies in my photo album . Soooooo cute ! 
Go to Urbandictionary.com, type in your name . Copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments ! 
Everyone tune into News Source 13 tonight to watch the story on the RCSD's Rubber Rooms and how they are a dumping ground for administration who want to move staff they dislike from their buildings . 
Will be taking Dom to see the \Lego Dragon\ " tomorrow at the Strong Museum that he has been talking about for so long . I have no idea how he heard about it ! Must have been the 3 and a half year old gossip going on in his classroom . LOL " 
is looking for those who have kids around 3-5 in the Rochester area who want to have a play date with < PROPMALE > . The days of Mommy being Dom's primary playmate are getting old . The cord needs to be lengthened and maybe even SEVERED ! I'm tired of every time I walk out of his sight , his Automatic Mommy Radar/GPS starts going off monitoring and searching for my location ! 
Had my 2nd interview in Pittsford on Thursday . It was a panel interview of 14 people asking 14 questions . I think I did ok despite my brain lapse when I couldn't recall the stupid program PowerPoint for about 10 seconds . I left them with several things to get a feel for me as a teacher including an electronic portfolio using PowerPoint ! LOL Pray for me that I get a job this year in Pittsford ! 
I guess lately I really have to believe in my favorite lyric from a song by Plumb . \We're all dealt our lumps of coal . What you do with it can turn beautiful . \ " Things just really suck lately even though I have been working hard to make it better ! " 
I don't know what is going on , but < PROPMALE > has been acting out in his childcare classroom ! We don't know what to do ! 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone play ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence ....... Pearl Jam 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven looking over you , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad ? I Love My Dad !!! 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ... MOM . 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th ... ( In honor of some great kids !! 
It's \son week\ " If you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around copy and paste this as your status . ? your son will out grow your lap but never your heart . ? ? ? ? " 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday ! You are all wonderful ! 
So damages to my car are at 50% without it being stripped down by dealership . Wonder if there will be 25% more to make it a total loss once looked over by shop 
Is there a light at the end of this very dark tunnel ? Where is that rainbow after this hurricane ? 
Technology has really not been my friend today ! Rar ! 
Okay . 4 interviews in 3 days ! I am exhausted . Have another one on Tues too . Hopefully I will find a better school in the city if I don't get the job in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dom tried spelling \Dad\ " the other day . He spelled it \ " D . I . C\ " . I laughed so hard ! I told < PROPMALE > he was only 1 letter short ... he just forgot the \ " K\ " at the end !!! Not bad for a not quite 4 year old ! " 
Two migraines in one week REALLY sucks ! 
When I told dom that he changed his mind , he told me \I changed my mind because the other one was dirty . \ " Changing his mind is like changing his dirty clothes . " 
Happy late Father's Day to all the dads . 
Today and tomorrow of school and then sign out on Friday and I am done for the summer ! Gonna have fun with Dom ! 
So I get into a confrontation with a woman who cuts me off and tries to make me rear end her . Long story short , she threw something at my car so I called the police . Turns out she was driving w/a suspended license and gets arrested . Tell me why I feel somewhat sorry for this person even after all her cussing , threatening , and more . 
11 year anniversary for < PROPMALE > and I today ! Love you baby ! 
I am tired and so pessimistic ! I go into work at 7:15 because that is the time I can get in the building . I don't leave school until at the earliest 4:30 . I have one 1/2 hour break a day that I work through because I have students up for lunch each day as an incentive . I bring work home everyday because I can't finish it all at school . 
Next year my school has to cut music classes and < PROPMALE > classes . We will have no librarian and no specialists . Please tell me how the future of our society will be prepared when there is such a lack of support for teaching in general and children specifically !!! Who cannot see that they are the future ?!!! Cut the social services where my students are already writing about living off the system . 
Changed my profile picture because I really feel this is what I need to be doing right now to relieve some of the stress I am feeling right now ! There are few faces I would love to pin on the target and just blow them to bits ! 
If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I am a Mommy , I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the DAY & ... NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . Post if you are a proud mommy 
\Crazy Cooperation\ " \ 
For once Dom didn't try getting me up at 5:00 in the morning . He laid on the bathroom floor and told me he just wanted to sleep . He's usually bouncing on my bed 
What do you do when someone crosses the line with you ? 
