INTERPALS 

GOT THE NORTH . K PC VIRUS ?? 
facebook is so hard ... soooo confusing 
YAY < PROPFEMALE > Parade : 0 thanx for blocking my bus route ! 
This BFF thing is kinda getting on my nerves i didn't answere a single question -_- 
srry ... im finally finished with my busy weeks ... sorry for not sending back the messages for over a month X ( .. 
Finally i changed my phone ( i didn ; t ignore the calls my phone was just a reck .. ) 
' Once upon a time in < PROPFEMALE>' is ? 
internet .... uff ?,.?.. 
tody the guy from charter came and fixed the internet !! 
first day of college OMG big class room = hard to say hello -_- haha 
customer.rep.alert928@hotmail.com \ 
This guy sends mails putting a MSN picture and says\ 
\ 
Account Alert\ 
\ 
Dear Valued Member , \ 
( and tells you2 write ur name and username and password)\ 
I know no1 would fall for it so just reply a virus to this scam 
how come all my profs are giving out HWs ... 
My third ball here in the states popped after one day of game ??.. \ 
??. 
Had fun today one goal and 4 big saves including a body dive save . but specifically i was just rolling on the field coz i ran too fast and happend to block it haha . 
Yay cousin arrives to US !! she's gonna get me out of my boring house who cares of homework . 
'''' Monday '''' hope you join me for the whole day studying at the shatford library . 
Any pcc student planning on taking english 1A spring semester ??? (or winter :P ) 
Downtown ~ \ 
( math is an element of torture ) 
Hey who wants to join me tommorow ? Im going to an international student meeting to eat and crave pumpkin . I know some friends are already gonna be there XD 
is everybody trick or treating ? Im studyin , i have no clue how halloween is in the outside world here in US .., maybe next year ill know . 
Who is for studyin everyday at the library till sundown . it's not for fun nor gathering , its to suceed . 
my fatigue , stacked up . today finally K . O ... X ( 
PANERA 
Wold some1 want to edit a church homepage and earn 300$ ? 
USC .. today when i saw you i was speachless and depressed . But now i am back in my house and thinking , I come up with a resolution that cheers me up ; More ambition , Less imagination , More action ! 
will be at the Glendale public library . 
Can international students take off a spring or fall semester ? 
Why is why is EVRY1 starting to get in a relationship starting from MR , MS a ~ z =.= wierd ... or maybe im weird . OR is it happening because of the christmas season magic ???.. 
Gibme a break ! now even facebook is lagging ??.. 
damn .. i thought register was tommorow but it was from yesterday .. 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > city Hometown Buffet , you taste bad and you are not worthy of being called \land of AND \"" 
Last moments to comment on 2010 christmas . Bless < PROPFIRST > Garcia's family and relatives . So many things happened today , such a crazy and unusual christmas it was . I will not forget it . Thank you . This may be the last big memory for 2010 .... i will miss you 2010 
While watching Villa vs Real I was going to move on to Barca leaving RM . Then the return of the < PROPMALE > , KaKa ! As he joined in the seconed half , like a torpido , an assist to CR's hat trick and few minutes later a goal from the genuine Kaka ! damn he's good . 
I still havnt got my refund for winter session . is there anybody who has got their refund ? 
Thank u all it was a sweet one , Gracias = O . 
Give everything in one shot to embrace the < PROPMALE > !!! 
Why is twiting so important when applying to a company ?? I just don't get it . I'd think a recomendation is much better for a profile . People aren't always the same as in online . why twitter as a profile , da heck . 
what jerks throwing their solid disposal in the pcc bathroom sink ! 
Hell yeah !! Everything is going out better than i thought =) 
First time being pulled over by police ( well even though it was on a bicycle ..... ) 
President Obama confirms : \Justice has been served\ " . Osama bin Laden is dead . " 
