This shit sucks ! 

I only get a Lortab every 6 Hr and an IBprofan every 6 as well and it can't go on like this ! 
I think a damn LMPD cop slole my Glock . 40 from my crib when I was in the ambilance . Cuz its not in the property room , but thankfully I have witnesses to this crime . 
If my gun wasn't in lockup I think I would shoot to kill this dumb ass roommate they paired me up with at this hospitle . At least make him stop having temper tantrums and screaming so I can get some damn sleep ! 
I might be leaving the Hospital today ... It's about damn time ! ( But they could be Fuc*kin with me ) . 
Been waiting for an hour and a half for my one lortab ! Maybe if I throw a little bitch temper tantrum like my roommate does to get what he wants , I might to ! ( < PROPFIRST > Neel , U of L hospital , after 4 request to see nurse ) . 
The Doc's at U of L suck ... Now you can see through my leg cuz the v.a.c. made it get infected and the hole is the size of a golf ball . They refuse to put me on a anti-biotic . WTF ! 
Ask : Remimber in the movie \From Dusk Till Dawn\ " when < PROPMALE > Tarantino looks through the bullet hole in his hand ? Ya I can do that with my leg ! I need some duct tape ! Ha Ha ! " 
Wishes he had health insurance so he could get the hell out of U of L hospital and get some real medical attention !!!! 
Attention : do you wanna quit smoking now ? Try my easy solution : Take a shotgun ( any caliber will do ) load it with a < PROPMALE > shot shell and squeeze the trigger ! I guarantee you will spend the next month in medical care and when you do go home it will be too much effort to think of goin out for a cig , not to mention smoking slows the healing process to a craw . 
Well had an x-ray at Baptist today and all I have to say is FUCK UofL !!!!!! They left at least half of a shotgun shell ( 175 or more ) of LEAD pellets in my leg . So before I get lead poisoning later in my life thell ( Baptist ) will probably have to cut me open even tho Im ready for a skin graph .... Bastards !!!!!! 
I can't believe there making another nightmare on elm street . WTF 
can feel < PROPMALE > shot under his skin ! 
is gonna be PISSED if he gets lead poisoning !!!! 
My mom just gave me a beer , and a good one at that ... first time that has ever happed ! 
My moms cat is funny ; he has asthma , needs a breathing treatment and takes steroids and he weighs 35 lbs , and her old dog was a diabetic and had to take insulin shots ! 
just found out his UofL hospital < PROPMALE > is $ 81,000 im glad they stopped the bleading but the rest was BS ! 
I love my health insurance !!!!! They pay for everything or at least all the important expensive stuff . The hell with Obama's plan !! haha 
just found out a Capricorn's lucky metal is LEAD ... Im not feeling very lucky . 
Can't wait to walk again ! 
When guns are outlawed , only outlaws have guns . 
that s.o.b. won again !!!!!!!!!!! 
wish i could take $ 100,000 and turn it in to $ 900,000 too !!!!!! 
just saw a commercial for 1-800-GAY-LIVE try it today !!!!! hahaha 
black cloud : drop ducks like rain !!!! 
electric nachos !!!!!! 
gettin shot is the easy part ; recovery is what's a bitch 
Back in La Grange for a bit , hope to see my friends soon !!!!!! 
had Physical Therapy today and took a bath/shower for the first time in 3 months !!!!! 
my parents think im 16 again . WTF 
Nothing like almost dieing to remind you your still alive !!!!! lol 
Happy Mothers Day to all the hot moms out there !!!!!! 
I have physical therapy today ; yay pain !!!! 
well that wasn't so bad . 
does death have a smell ??????? Pets may be able to smell your death before it happens !!!!! 
has only gone to PT 3 times and im almost able to walk normal !! 
it has been a boring ass day !!!!!!!! 
Can almost walk normal ... That was fast ! haha 
< PROPFEMALE > ( Pauley Perrette ) from ncis is sooooo hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\i feel so much better knowing my sawed off shot gun is loaded\ " Willem Murderface . " 
Just saw a U.F.O. or ball lightning it danced in a zigzag and up and down motion quite rapidly among a mostly clear sky befor its bright light disipated reappard and disipated again over a 5-10min time frame . Crazy shit should have grabbed my binocnolors or a vid cam . Damn !!! 
i cant stop eating cheese i must be pregnant !!! 
The Fear Factory show was dope last night !!!! 
emance traffic is backed up like a mofo 
tell your boobs to stop starring at my eyes !!! 
i'd stand on that !! 
Just tryin to have some fun before I die ! 
I'm not attached to your world ; Nothing heals , Nothing Grows ... 
Home alone !!! 
It Doesn't Matter Where you Go , Where You've Been , Beautiful Foreign Lands you've Been , InGun Play Rains , Summer And Shine , Stay Inside you Will Be Fine , I'll Show You Follow Me 
Starring at this crazy bright UFO jumping all around ; wish they would come scoup me up and take my ass to the beer store ! 
Its a boring ass friday night ! 
I hate my dads house there so damn religious i can’t even watch The Simpsons ! WTF 
Is ready to go back out west !!!!!! 
Got the $$$ to put insurance and new tags on my car !!! Hells Ya 
BeerFest and 24 beers and work the next day is not recommended ! 
Happy Birthday Dimebag < PROPMALE > ! You are missed and loved . 
Were goin to Bardstown Rd the hideaway saloon if anyone wants to stop by .... or that the plan anyway ! 
We are the Knights who say Ni 
Avoided getting an STD from an X GF this weekend ! Good thing even when I’m drunk i can still put 2&2 together and typically don’t lisson to impulse . But still feel stupid for going out of my way for what I knew was going to end bad anyway . 
is downloading \all ? \ " yes all the of the Ren & Stimpy show ! " 
I hope i make Yellowstone before winter ! 
... And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade\ 
up on high , saying , \O Lord 
has a new XD 9mm sub-compact and loves the hell out of it ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s got herself a big brown beaver\ 
\ 
And she shows it off to all her friends . \ 
One day , you know , that beaver tried to leave her , \ 
So she caged him up with cyclone fence . \ 
Along came < PROPFIRST > with the old baboon\ 
And said Recognize that smell ? \ 
Smells like seven layers , \ 
That beaver eats Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
Your whole life's about to change in the next 20 seconds As you glance there's a lady running at your car half naked Bleeding from her neck to her chest And four guys chasing after her with axes and they look fucking possessed Without thinking you unlock the doors to lend a hand Before she gets in the car they're approaching and coming fast 
Allways alone . 
I am the Antiproduct\ 
Rotten to the core 
thinks keystone beer gives you heartburn ! 
shouldn't all gravy be made with beer ? 
Can ne one tell me what the hell Farmville is ??? it makes $5 mill a year ... what the FU*K ! 
XD on my side , I < PROPFEMALE > ride , They ain't never takin me alive , They never takin me alive , This is a life of an Outlaw , Hustlin , Stealin , Killin and never gunna get caught ! 
black label society and children of bodom tonight !!! 
thank U Zakk Wylde for gettin me out of la grange !!!! 
I once had an ice cube , pretty little ice cube . Now it's gone , now it's gone . Her name was < PROPFIRST > , pretty little ice cube . Now she's gone , now she's gone . 
Always question authority , control my own < PROPFEMALE > , Forcing change , breaking free , From the gears of the machine , Changing my world so I can live , Execution powershift 
An outlaw on tha open range , and just like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , I < PROPMALE > these fools for change a Psychopathic Ombre with a price on my melon , But takin money from bitches and sendin they spirits to heaven . I'm on an all black horse and in an all black cap , My pistols layin bad luck just like an all black cat ! 
Candy : It tastes like chicken , if chicken were a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
o yea 8 studio albums in 4min ; i love being an internet pirate arrr . 
I keep it raunchy and funky Like a dirty laundry pile I can rhyme , I can rap , I can sing , I can clap I can dance , you should see me right now , but you can't I turn heads like an explosion when I hit the door . I put Zach Gowen in a figure four in front of the liquor store 
My Stalker My Stalker Her Obessison Still Remains Even Though She's Court Restrained My Stalker and Me ! 
The sun reclines , Eats my mind , Reminds me what to leave behind , Light eats night And all I never said , Reminds me what to do before im dead ! 
Back from Knob Creek Gun Range's night shoot , the tracer rounds and TNT explosions were epic ; and got 100 rds of self defense ammo ; shitty cell vids will be posted soon ! 
Knob Creek Gun Range/Night Shoot video now posted !!!! (dope ) 
Cooks like crazy when he's sick ~ weird . 
ya know its not a juggalo party unless someone gets shot ... 
Walking home through an alley way , paid no attention tripped over a leg , it was a dead body hit off to the side , he looked like a crackhead , maybe twenty-five , he looked rather lonely , through him on my shoulder , then we went to target I pushed him in the cart and people stopped and stared , they thought he was retarded , I put him in some shades and sprayed himdown with axe , we went in the movies and just chilled and relaxed ! 
didnt i shoot you yesterday ?.... o well try try again i allways say 
The light in the window is a crack in the sky , A stairway to darkness in the blink of an eye , A levee of tears to learn she'll never be coming back , The man in the dark will bring another attack , Your momma told you that you're not supposed to talk to strangers , Look in the mirror tell me do you think your life's in danger 
What if everything around you , Isn't quite as it seems ? What if all the world you used to know , Is an elaborate dream ? And if you look at your reflection , Is it all you want to be ? What if you could look right through the cracks , Would you find yourself ... Find yourself afraid to see ? 
As the gruesome memories flooded back into his head ... I mean what was left wasn't even a body ! 
There's a dark spirit living in your house with you ! So here's a quick list of things you gone need to do , Get the fuck out!Don't grab shit just hit the door ! Get the fuck out!Don't even mind the blood , There's a dark spirit living in your house with you , So here's a quick list of things you gone need to do , Get the fuck out ! Now he's gonna try to trick you to stay , Get the fuck out!Don't look back just run the fuck away 
get out of my rowboat ! 
Worry not he don’t bite but why are you in my yard miss ? She waved me on to fallow and then ran into the darkness . All I had on were slippers still a gave a < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm high as a cloud floating looking to touch ! Anything soft enough I can bust my nuts on ! Like them average ass titties of yours ! Now I done seen many , many pairs of titties before ! But them titties right there look suckable to me ! With the nipple in the middle where the sucker supposed to be ? She got a kinda banging booty , kinda more not than so . If I don't drop this load , my nuts are gonna explode ! 
cleaning .... and it sucks ! 
I've been searching for the daughter of the devil himself ! I've been searching for an angel in white , I've been waiting for a woman who's a little Of both ! 
It's quite an experance to hold the hand of someone as they move from living to dead . 
its too damn early ! 
Got 2nd interview for bank maintance hope I get it , $15hr 40hr a week would be the shit ! 
Got the job , just gotta pee in a cup first . 
so long and thanks for all the fish 
really doesn't want to .... 
wants to brew some mountain dew 
it's getting better slowly but definitely surely 
would rather be sleeping ! 
has to put his pants back on :( 
helpin a friend get his licence tomorrow ; its about damn time , and he better pass that shit ! 
whats every one doin tonight ??? 
goin to get my ducka$$$ 
I was a hand grenade , That never stopped exploding 
user friendly ! 
SYL keeps me awake ! 
tornados ! sweet ! im draggin my stereo out side and blarin some SYL , ICP , NIN , and sum Primus ! While im fishin ! 
loves playin in the rain !!! 
hates it when squirrels steal his nuts ! 
Can't wait to start making $ 27,000 a year starting off and go back to school for free . Freakin sweet ! 
Can't wait to feel it again , And I need to feel home , When I was somebody else , Well I was just a boy ... METAL ! 
< PROPFEMALE > my head , Drown my fear , Till you all just , Disappear , Black hole sun , Won't you come , And wash away the rain , Black hole sun , Won't you come , Won't you come 
needs a new computer ! 
\Of \ 
So there i am , right ? standing in front of the store and this motherfucker wants to pull up and has the gall to say to me .. watch my ride , while i'm inside this bitch is new , worth more than you don't stand too close , just stand on post and watch my ride , while i'm inside ( fuck you ) and that's when we fuck him up fuck him up , fuck him up , fuck him up ! 
is watchin the Pantera : 3 Vulgar Videos From Hell ! 
goin to the bar 
is the son of X51 
wonders why girls get weird when you have sex with them and you still wanna be friends but they push you away , cuz im friends with just about all my xés and encounters , ( not in a sexual way ) , i dont wanna c them fuck someone else of course but but ... i dont know maybe im just fucked in the head ! 
I'm probably gonna to burn for this , Ain't no lesson to learn from this , There's nothing I'ma earn for this , But it sure is fun ! I said it sure is fun ! 
has to go tow his dad from speedway ... Damn 
Damn it ! 
ya ... well ... fuck it all !!! 
just got my 401k : i add $100 they add $50+ and so on :) 
damn fuckin shit nut cunt < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i missed PM5K and the nasty rap master !!!! if i miss the next im gonna shooot my good leg !!!!!! 
I've been wrong for far too long ! Been constantly so frustrated ! I've moved mountains with less , When I channel my hate to productive , I don't find it hard to impress 
my ninjas will take a mother fucker to a remote \ 
pace < PROPFEMALE > ' em from a tree with chains , cut holes , pore salt , rubbing \ 
alcohol , hot poker up the ass , and fuck its to sick .. 
stackin wood sucks ! 
going to be a fun day ... NOT ! 
Passed my background check ! 
the best drink in existence is the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster . It says \ 
that the effect of a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is like having your \ 
brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped round a large gold brick . 
In the beginning the Universe was created . This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move . 
perhaps this is the beginning of the end 
But soon the Desert Pigs will know ! She's holding in an arsenal . 
Yesterday don't mean shiT ! because tomorrow the day you have to FacE ! 
She was pale , she looked ill and so frail , maybe she looked at my life \ 
and how it's so stale and thought that we're both outcasts , maybe we can\ 
have each other . It flew right over my head , I never even bothered , now its too late , \ 
now every night , I hear her in my head ... beggin me to join her with the\ 
dead . To think about it's so strange , I hear her singing my name , it'shaunting my brain . I hear her in the rain ! 
needs to get his hair pulled 
going to get my work < PROPFIRST > and make $112 today for at least the next year ... freakin sweet ! 
Ya it's all dope ! 
now im off work ... I could use a Homie ! 
Cemetery lady , my cemetery girl , Cemetery baby , I want you in my world , Cemetery woman , we can still be down , You're more than just a corpse , to a psychopathic clown 
12 gauge double barrel , loaded full of buckshot , brewin up that mountain dew , it boilin like a crockpot , deep out in theese southern woods and far away from everything out amongest the tombstones , cookin up that hurracain , made from the mill out a feild cursed by whodo , water from a well striaght outta hell , cursed by voodoo , stir it up , cook it to the point that it evaporates , 173 degrees make the dead wake ! 
i'm not goin back to my room untill i get good and drunk ! 
my new job just sent me a new kodak cam , case , mem card , replacement plan , my question is what the hell is it for ? 
i now know the combination to a bank safe ( the big one ) , and night boxes ; and im not sharein 
goin to make that $$$ 
fucking is awesome but love is amazing ... and i long to find my happy broken angel !!! \ 
!!! 
job just gave me a new HTC Imagio . so im using it to get on Fb . DopE !!!!! 
Fire on the water dont burn my soul 
just got pulled over by the OCPD and its all good 
cleaning my gun now that cop hands have been on it ! 
Was feet away from $ 20,000,000 today ; < PROPFEMALE > wrap on a big pallet with nothin stoppping him from touching it ... extreamly tempting ! 
Genghis Khunt 
Its snowing ... Homies are workin ... guess ill fix my car so i can play in the snow . 
needs to get the F out of bed !! 
the welcome mat just says wel 
It definitely can't be good for your porn career when you show the goods and dudes still want to kill you . 
Well F this S ! 
taking a nap be4 the bar ... bet someone calls me in 15 mins just as i dose off . 
wish i had a clydesdal !!!! 
workin on my 401K 
well there goes that . 
Gonna go DRINK !! 
At work makin that $$$ . then goin to the Twiztid & Blaze show !!! 
Gasoline is not a beverage !!! 
\dont you understand ? All the hot ones are crazy ... and the ugly ones too\ " ~ Toki Wartooth " 
So much for the lunar eclipse 
I'ma get some big < PROPMALE>'s so i can build me a < PROPMALE > ass castle !!! 
Had a pre-christmas and got what i wished for ! o ya ! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > anyone ??? 
Did you guys see that ?? If it does it again .... KILL IT !!! 
i wave my d**k back and forth , i wave my d**k back and forth , i wave my d**k back and forth ~ sorry i hate that song and now its stuck in my brain 
well that almost sucked !!!! 
crazy day ... sleep now ! 
Just saw the most fucked up wreck on 71 . ya know the kinda wreck you just know someone died ... it involved 2 cars , 1 semi going across the median and barricades and hitting another semi flipping its load and shoveing both in to the woods . wtf 
is doin something tonight if i have to do it myself !!! 
prob gonna buzz my head ... done with Fn with it !!!! 
need to find a APPT in louisville preferably close to btown rd and a place were my work < PROPFIRST > doesnt get broken into every night ... any ideas 
When Im alone in my room sometimes I stare at the walls , \ 
Automatic weapons on the floor but who can you call ? 
im negitive $180.50 for some beer cans ! damn !!! 
is not sure if much is goin on tonight 
guess i sleep now !? 
guess ill go do stuff now 
after 3 days of getting nothing but mem dumps , < PROPFIRST > decided to delete his hard drive and start over with win xp black pro and is back on line within several hours . 
nothing like doin your taxes for free ... thank you uploader of turbotax f < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the pirate bay i love you ! 
goin to put some lead down range today ; bang bang 
