Thank you all for the Bornday wishes ! 

Went to my Graduation from Indiana Weslyan University . Wow , I am a college grad ! ( associates , but still a degree ) God helped me through the whole thing , praise Him ! 
Will be having a graduation open house party on January 2nd at my house . If you are a friend that knows where I live , you are welcome to come . Times are 2pm-4pm and bring very expensive gifts ( LOL that is a joke , unless you are < PROPMALE > , LOL ) . 
Are the Jets a good team ? Yes ! Can they beat the Colts ? Yes ! Will they beat them today ? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! Go Colts ! Go Big Blue ! 
God is so good ! I wanted the Colts to win , but He is what is most important in my life so no matter the end , I would still be unbelievably blessed . He let them win ( yes , not Manning , no offense ) , & I praise Him even for the smallest of things . Go Colts , but more so GO GOD ! 
I could scream about some of the no-calls in the game , but God is good & I praise him for the opportunity to watch a good game & have an investment in it , yet not an obsession . He is my only obsession ! He still deserves the < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you God for letting me see what is important in life , yet still enjoy my team playing in the Big Game ! Better than the 1-15 seasons I remember ! Praise God ! 
If we had the Spirit of Shakespear , we could write like him . If we have the Spirit of God , why don't we walk like Him ? Time Christians act like Christians ! With God , all things are possible because there is no temptation that He can't deliver us from ! God help me , for your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why do people want the credit that God deserves ? Salvation is by Christ ALONE ! He deserves ALL the credit . To believe in a fall from grace theology means He doesn't . Why involve you , if you can't earn it , how can you loose it ? Work as if it is up to you , but feel at rest to know it is He who works in you ! 
Pray for those that think abortion is not murder . I was once one of them , but Christ opened my eyes to the truth . If it is wrong to kill a 3 month baby , then it is wrong to kill a 3 month baby ( in the womb ) . Don't hate those that accept it , they are blind to the truth . Pray for them & you will help build the family of God ! 
Happy Resurrection Day ! Thank you Christ for giving your all for me when I am so ungrateful & unworthy . My prayer is for others to see your truth & understand Satan believes in God , but trusting you is the only way to eternal life . Trusting means to live to glorify you and not for ourselves . Sin is what seperates us from you , & to ignore our sinfulness is to ignore your calling to us . Thank you Jesus ! 
WOW ! Thank you to all for the birthday wishes ! 
Notice people get married in a church , but divorced in a court ! 
Tell me about it . I am in training for my sumo career . I am at 235 now & figure I can get another 65 lbs on my frame . LOL\ 
Maybe try to get on The Biggest Loser & make some money while I am at it . LOL 
Read Eccl . 10:2 , why I am with the Right in Politics ! LOL 
Put\ 
this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a \ 
Michigan Fan . Being a Wolverine Fan is a real disorder and should be \ 
taken seriously . There is still no known cure for MF and sympathy does \ 
not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of OSU fans will repost this \ 
...... simply because WE know how to copy and paste as well as tie our \ 
shoes . BEAT MICHIGAN WEEK 
picking my wife up ! Very excited . She has been in Europe for work . 
Going to family Christmas . Looking forward to seeing all the nieces & nephews . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Going to the Colts Game ! Go Blue ! Hope to have winning pictures posted next week . Last time I went to a game was the AFC Championship Game in 2006 , when they won the Super Bowl ! Hope it is a sign ! 
In my seat at < PROPMALE > Oil ! Go Colts ! 
