Ok , everybody keeps linking to me on this site , so now somebody had better teach me how to use it , lol . 

Moving stinks ! :-( I haven't even started but I'm getting tired just looking at all these boxes . 
We're leaving our house today ! 
We're having a great time in Canada ! 
The good news : Commercials in Canada show women nursing . The bad news : Those commercials are for formula . ): 
Am I the only one who feels skanky when reading that I \only share some of her profile information with * everyone *\"?" 
Let the resolutions begin ... tomorrow , that is . 
OK , let the resolutions begin NOW . Happy new year ! 
The digital camera ate our Christmas pictures . ALL of them . )-: 
Can anybody give me three good reasons why we shouldn't move south ? 
really wishing I had previewed The Butter Battle Book before I read it to Zephyr . He didn't exactly get the cold war references ; he just thought all the weapons and fighting were cool . )-: 
I'm having a hard time reading Pushed : The Painful Truth About Childbirth and Modern Maternity Care by < PROPFEMALE > Block . I can only manage a few pages at a time before I have to put it down or risk a stroke or something . But I still highly recommend it . 
MJ has safely made it to Karachi , and the kids and I are going to have our own adventure going to see the whale exhibit . 
Woo hoo !!!! I just won two tickets on DVE to see < PROPMALE > Maher !!! You have no idea how much I've been wanting to go but I didn't think I'd get the < PROPMALE > . I'm soooooo psyched !!!!!! 
Is anyone else amused at the anti-Arlen Spector ads showing Dubya praising him ? That's it ; Dubya thought he was good , no further explaination needed , lol . 
thinks that all kids are natural born poets . Zephyr's latest : \Time doesn't fly but it floats through the air . \"" 
This is a test . This is only a test . Had this been real life , you would not have been instructed to sit still and fill in bubbles with a No . 2 pencil . 
Who's going to the Venture Outdoors Festival tomorrow ? I'm still trying to decide . The biggest drawback ( besides parking ) is that Zephyr doesn't weigh enough for the rock climbing . )-: 
Would anybody come visit us if we moved to Greensburg ??? 
What's this ? You can only add books and music that Facebook already knows about ??? And you have to use their link thingie , even if it's incorrectly punctuated ??? 
I kvetdhed about it endlessly , but now that it's all done I really like having a portfolio of things Summer has done over the year . 
I totally want to do this ! http://2loop.com/3drooms.html 
Why don't idiots get their own planet so we don't have to live next to them ? :{ 
I'm feeling like hiding under a rock until this whole thing somehow blows over and we all get back to our happy harmonious normal . Too much stress ( for all concerned , no doubt . Even sitting on the sidelines has me quite upset . ) 
What we need is a web site where people can brainstorm all kinds of wild ideas for stopping the oil leak . Anyone could contribute -- non-engineers , kids , artists , anybody . 
So who's going to the Rainbow Gathering ? I asked before but didn't get any definite answers . I've never even gone camping before let along gone camping ALONE . :O 
Just a reminder : the party will NOT be taking place today . I'm still hoping for more suggestions for good and bad dates . Right now , next Saturday , the 17th , is looking good . What do you all think ? 
How does everybody feel about a party on the 24th ? ( And why is everybody so freakin ' busy this month ? ) 
is feeling ridiculously proud of herself for single-handly removing a nasty virus from the computer . 
Could I entice anyone else to RSVP ? 
http://eternal-earthbound-pets.com/Home_Page.html 
Thanks to everybody who came to the cookout last night , and to everybody who would have come if they could have . :-) 
I don't think I'm gonna like Penn-Trafford ... 
And Round One goes to ... ME ! Just returned a call from P-T SD wanting a grade level for Summer . I informed them that she's not in a grade . They were a bit confused & said they'd never had a homeschooler not declare a grade before . I pointed out that if she were in school , the * school * would determine her grade , not her parents , & that a grade level is not required by law . Still a bit confused , she said , ok . 
Waaaah ! I got outbid on * every * magazine I bid on on eBay . I had bid on a * ton * of issues of Life Learning , Natural Life , and Growing Without Schooling from this seller who must have fantastic taste in magazines . ;-P I was a little concerned since if I won them all it would cost me like $45 , but I figured I'd get outbid on some . But no , I lost every single one . Boo hooooooo ! 
Is there ONE dentist in the ENTIRE tri-state area -- or even further at this point -- who will let me stay with my little boy while he gets fillings and one baby tooth extraction ??????????? 
\I am cold and soaked ... but in a good way ! \ " -- Summer upon coming in from playing in the rain . " 
We're going to go out to try to view the meteor shower . I don't know how much luck we'll have with that screamingly loud neon billboard blaring into our yard , but we're going to try . 
Six years ago today , I had a baby boy . Happy sixth birthday , Zephyr ! ? ? ? 
Summer is growing up . Physically . :-/ I'm not ready ! 
Idlewild anyone ? The kids want to go , and we'd like to go with another family or two so the little ones can go on the little kid rides together and the big kids ( and me ! ) can go on the non-little kid rides . Anybody else up for it sometime next week ? 
Argh ! It finally happened . We got a recommendation for a good pediatric diagnostician and had our appt . w/her today to find out why Zephyr has been coughing for A YEAR . Then we got kicked out of her practice for not vaxing . : -@ 
is sick , sick , sick . Ugh . 
has a sick little boy who needs to stay home and a healthy girl who needs to get to PALS . Now she just needs to remember that two-places-at-one-time spell ... 
So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
Moving , not moving , moving not moving , moving cross town , moving out of state , moving , not moving , moving cross town , moving out of state , moving , not moving = * head explodes * 
is freaking out over what to get her mother and her hubby for Christmas . Neither of them like anything . :-O 
Ok , ok , I'll go do the ironing now . 
\Facts are meaningless . You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true ! \ " -- < PROPMALE > Simpson " 
The last batch of sugar cookies are cooling . They need to be decorated and I need to make tofu cheesecake then I'm done . Oh , after I clean the house and everything . :-/ 
Christmas is over . Whew ! 
Ok , so let's say I'm * easing * into my going to bed at a decent time resolution . 
Only five and a half more hours until I win $350 million . Should I just wait until I can afford a maid , or should I clean up for the camera crew ? Hmm ... 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . ( With thanks to Lli ! ) 
Holy moly , is that what ticket prices are going for ??? And just how long has it been since I've bought concert tickets anyway ? :\\ 
Booklover's Weekend at Half Price Books Feb 4-7 ! Share the love by sharing this message ! Get your own store coupon here : http://hpb.com/signup 
We don't need no stikin ' Blu < PROPFIRST > . 
We finally managed to get Inception on DVD . If you want to rent a popular movie , today's the day to snag it . 
I just tried to sign Summer up for Girl Scouts . Maybe this time they'll actually call back and get her set up instead of calling and then saying they'll call back and then never calling . :-( Well , the third time's the charm , right ? 
\Nobody is larger than life ; life is really big . \ " -- Zephyr " 
February 2011 : The month of things that didn't happen . 
Is there a way to directly contact Facebook ? Somebody signed up using MJ's email , and now he's getting all her messages , and I'm not able to message her . 
How does < PROPMALE > Brezsny always know just what I need to hear ? 
\That one's for girls . \ " -- father to his young son picking out books at the library . The boy of course put it right back . " 
It is the best of times , it is the worst of times ... 
My horoscope : The Carnival season gets into full swing this weekend and lasts through Mardi Gras next Tuesday night . Wherever you are , Taurus , I suggest you use this as an excuse to achieve new levels of mastery in the < PROPMALE > of p < PROPMALE > ying . Of all the signs of the zodiac , you're the one that is most in need of and most deserving of getting immersed in rowdy festivities that lead to maximum release and relief . 
Just found a cat in the freezer . Stuffed , fortunately . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along , 4 words is harder than you think 
I need some sleeeeeeep ! 
I've got one sick little boy on my hands . :-( 
Everyone is on the mend . 
Does anybody know if PALS parent jobs have been posted somewhere ? 
Holy guacamole ! < PROPMALE > Yaitanes just replied to my tweet . ( Yeah , I get excited by stuff like that , lol . ) 
Quick -- what should I make for dinner tonight ? Think fast & easy . 
You know it's a good day when both books ( from two different libraries ) that have been missing for a long time are finally accounted for . 
Does anyone know how to find out how serious the damage was in Hitachi , in Ibaraki Prefecture ? I can't seem to find that particular info . Was the city of Hitachi hit by either the quake or the tsunami ? Anybody know ? 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s Soft-Baked Snickerdoodles are insidiously yummy and addictive and should not be kept in the vicinity of anyone who needs to lose weight . Consider this a public service message . 
Furthur tix still $140 for two people . * sigh * 
Are there any organic CSAs that have a delivery point in Monroeville or thereabouts ? And is it too late to get in on one ? 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For goodness sake , don't forget the hearts . ? ? 
Um , should I be concerned that it's pitch black outside ? 
Every single time . Ugh . Summer now has a cold . It seems we can't go to PALS without * somebody * getting sick . At least this time it's minor and shouldn't last long . No missed classes this time . 
I was on the toilet this morning , eating an awesome Tofishy sandwich and ... What ?? You think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom ? Did that gross you out ? Then why do people suggest that breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom ? If you're a fan of parents ' rights , I DARE you to put this up as your status ... I'm proudly a HUGE Advocate for breastfeeding ! 
Ugh . 
Giving my wallet a spring break with @halfpricebooks coupons ! Jealous ? Sign up and get your own : http://hpb.com/signup 
Cutting bus services to reduce costs is like cutting off your feet to save on shoes . 
I got Penn-Trafford's list of demands today , and I'm really freaking out . I see a big fight in my future . And hopefully a move . 
What does it say about me that I usually prefer the \before\ " picture to the \ " after\ " on makeovers ? " 
I'm SO sick of being sick ! 
Is there anything more sublime than the ephemeral moment when , lying on your side , you manage to coax your nasal congestion to flow from one side , not directly to the other , but to the hinterland between , and for one brief instant you can breathe ? 
I'm going out . I probably shouldn't , but I haven't been out of the house in over a week and I just NEED to . 
