If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 

Avi < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > we pray for your recovery 
I ask you pray , keep in your thoughts my family as we mourn the loss of our beloved < PROPFEMALE > Noone Kovic . Cancer claims another body but GOD claims another soul , REST IN PEACE . We ask you pray for us as we pray for you 
< PROPFEMALE > Zilinski.org - Sign petition supporting < PROPFEMALE>'s Law Source : janetzilinski.org The < PROPFEMALE > Zilinski Memorial Fund is in loving memory of < PROPFEMALE > , an 11 year old victim of Sudden Cardiac Arrest . Our mission is to implement the < PROPFEMALE > Plan placing AEDs on all recreational fields and make CPR & AED training mandatory for coaches . Davenote : You know I rarely push issues . BUT this one is so important I want to share it . 
I will try this .... Let's see how honest FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can be only one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave one word about you . This should be interesting . Keep it going 
Wishing all November birthdays , wedding anniversaries , Happy birthday and Happy Anniversary . Have a great day to all . 
To all who have a birthday this week ... Happy Birthday To all with anniversaries , Happy Anniversary To the vets , Thank you for your service . 
How to say it ... I am truly blessed and grateful for all you . Its been a long strange wondeful trip , its another year almost done and its been great to have you aboard . 
If you have a December birthday , heres wishing you a great birthday and join me in wishing my beutiful daughter < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > a Happy 5th Birthday on December 30 . Best wishes this month to all you December birthdays 
This is the season of BIRTH , season of joy and great happiness . We have so much to be grateful for . So lets start this season with some thanks . This year has had its ups and downs . I had some life changing experiences this year . My burn , getting into grad school again , < PROPFEMALE > started school , we moved . Life had thrown many obstacles our way but love got us through the thick of it all . Thank you all for everything !!!! 
If you get a message from me ... that says that you found pictures delete it . I think Ive been hacked ... sorry for any confusion , delay , annoyance , etc . 
2011 ... Happy New Years ... hold your loved ones close , remember the good and plan for more ! All the best for 2011 
a resolution for yourself ... forget it . Think how you can change one person's life . Donate blood , donate some of your free time to a < PROPFEMALE > , work in a soup kitchen , do something for someone else . Volunteer , get involved . Be active life is not a spectator sport . Get involved with an issue that you give a damn about . Help out someone . Happy New Year and become the person you are at Christmas all year round ! 
Happy New Year , if its a birthday for anyonethis month happy birthday . If you got married this month , Happy Anniversary . I hope this year is better for all of us . Health , prosperty , happiness , and best wishes for 2010 . 
Its VALE NJ tommrow . Good luck to all traveling to there , see you all there and have fun with the presentations . 
To all who attended VALE and the Post VALE party . It was great to be around so many amazing people . A special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , we did good , as you said it s going to be fabalous , why did I ever doubt it . Great job to everyone and it was nice to meet you all and lets do it again same time next year . 
Todays game ... MIDDLE NAME ONLY . Everyone play this game . You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends middle name is . Copy and paste this on your profile before you put your middle name at end of this sentence < PROPFIRST > 
February ... it is our month . We celebrate each other ... as the month is short but the birthday list is long . So heres to you February birthdays . Lets have 28 days of living it up . Lent is the whole month so dont give up on something , give something back , Give to your < PROPFEMALE > of choice . Give of your time to someone else , have a great birthday ! 
Down Syndrome is not an illness because people with Down Syndrome do not need medication to make them better . What they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else ..... 93% of my friends will not copy this , but will you be one of the 7% that copies and puts it as your status for at least an hour ? 
Thank you one and all for your kind words , wishes , and hugs . 
Let's see how forth coming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . 
If you are suffering due to the flooding in NJ ( or any where else ) ... our prayers are with you . 
A call out for some help , In library land out there who would like to do this panel discussion for next years ACRL the topic I would like to do is \ Diversify our Interdependence : Building Relationships \"" 
We at the clan ask you keep our , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE>'s father in law , < PROPFEMALE>'s pop pop , and my , father in your good wishes and prayers he is in the hospital Centra State in Freehold , I think he is in room 512 . If you want to talk to mom PM me for her cell Thank you in advance All of us ! 
Dad is home resting and taking it easy . Thanks one and all for your kind words , wishes , prayers , kind thoughts , etc . We all thank you !!!!! 
I can understand the need to cut taxes , but you know that too means a reduction of services . Your town libaries , college libraries , depend on the state for many resources that we can not afford to pay on our own . Please write your elected officials on this . We need to have electronic resources in the libraries . Its not just for kids , college students , its a greater good and we need your help . Thanks ! 
For any parents out there , there is an idea afoot in NJ to charge your college student for services rendered by the town the college is in . If this is something you are comfotable with , tell them . If you are not tell them . This would cover police , fire , and ems services . If one community can do it to one college in their town it will go on to other communities and college students may see a rise in their bills . 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Its Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
Attention McMillan clan and all who know < PROPMALE > McMillan : We are planning a suprise birthday party for Dad on July 10 . \ 
Please email me your addresses . \ 
We want to surprise him , make a CD of music that you think he will enjoy . The theme of this party is Those were the days ... so < PROPFIRST > it on your calenders and email me your address . Send me a message with your contact info . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Today in support of my fellow librarians in NJ , I wear red . A march in < PROPMALE > to protest cuts in the budget on libraries . This affects schools , colleges , seniors , moms and dads , it is something if you feel strongly about tell the governor . Get involved . Services are not cheap but not having them is not a solution . Write , email , call , and get involved . 
Happy Mothers day to you all ... and a thanks to my mother , mother in law , grand mothers . \ 
GOD BLESS each of you ! 
This weekend marks the beginging for many students , Commencement , you are starting a new life , leaving the confines of your educational youth ... so congratulations . Some are getting advanced degrees , congratulations . Another chapter written , Congratulations to the moms , dads , grads , Class of 2010 . Best wishes for continued success 
As May draws to a close , Happy birthday to all in May . Many happy returns as we welcome summer . Have a great one ! 
Rest In Peace , Mr. < PROPFIRST > Sommers , Scoutmaster , mentor , friend , father , son , and American World War 2 vet . Many of the memories of him were of his love of history , maritime , American , Native American , and nature . He will be missed ! 
Rest in Peace Mr. < PROPFIRST > Sommers , Scoutmaster , mentor , friend , Father , grandfather , \ 
Those who knew Mr Sommers we will gather at Hegarty's funeral home in Old Bridge on route 9 from 2-4 and 7-9 on Sunday . His funereal mass will be Monday at St. < PROPMALE > . 
Update on Dad , we are waiting for him to get his procedure done ... July 10 is the day we suprise him for his 70th birthday . Keep him , mom in your prayers . 
Dad is in the process of getting his operation . Thank you all for your kind words , prayers , best wishes . Thanks is never enough ... We will be having his suprise 70th birthday party on July 10 . 
They\ 
say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ 
question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they \ 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away\ 
they live ... REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one of \ 
these types of friends !! ? ? ? 
To all the graduates from schools , this June congrats . \ 
Teachers thank you for taking great care of our kids . We do appreciate your hard work and dedication . If you are retiring from teaching , thank you for the years of dedication . So many teachers touched our lives , take the time to find them and thank them . \ 
Maybe we can start a Teacher Hall of Fame ... any nominations ? 
< PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner died , rest in peace < PROPFIRST > , to all my Yankee friends , sorry for your loss . 
Have you ever realized how lucky you are to have friends from all over the world at your fingertips ? People you have never met offline , but are so happy to see daily online ? I know I'm lucky , and I'm glad you are my friend . Repost if you agree . ? my online , world wide friends 
Anybody use Dragon , the voice recognition software program . I am looking to get this for the coming school year . 
Today ... is the day < PROPFEMALE > moves on up to Kintergarden . Good Luck and have a great time , make some friends . Momma and Daddy are proud of you ! 
If you have my davelmcm @ hotmail account after 14 years .. I deleted it and updating it to davelmcm227 @ hotmail . com A new email after a great run . So shoot me an email and Ill add you to my address book . 
Happy Birthday to my dearest beloved wife , mother , friend , \ 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
Ok one last time for a new email since hotmail is no longer an option for me . time to get a new provider .... so please send me an email with my new address so I can put you all in my email address book davelmcm227@gmail.com 
September\ 
is Cancer Month : In honor of every cancer patient , family member , and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Please put this on your wall for 1 hour . Thank \ 
you ... 
Read from a friend about Almond butter ... what is good on , can you make it ? What store brands are best ? What nut besides almonds makes butters and which are best ? 
How\ 
many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ?? Here's a\ 
task for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do \ 
the same for you . You'll be amazed at the results you get . Hmm ... let's \ 
see who's gonna comment . 
Thanks to my friend for sending me Wacky Packs from Somerset Farms . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/d87O4w 
Once upon a time ...... 
Ok ... lets vent . Bullying really is awful , it dehumanizes , it destroys people , it destroys way too much . How young people do we have to see in caskets . How much is enough ? Are we so narcissistic that we can not or will not address this . Bullies exist get your head out of your asses and wake up ... our kids are dying because of them . Bullies suck the life out of you and I think we need to unite against them . 
Nice game today ... Congratulations to RU and a great game USMA good luck to both for the rest of the season 
I Loved you the minute I found out about you . Then the minute I heard your heartbeat . And the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . And at that moment I knew I would die for you , and to this day I still would . When you have a child you allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . ? 
Ok music fans this is going to be a < PROPMALE > first ... What composer do you find yourself drawn to lately . I just found this one composer and I never heard of him , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Anybody hear of him and can tell me more ? \ 
Thanks in advance 
Why tempt fate ? Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this yearOctober has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who ...... does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . 
OK my Library and English Department friends ; List fifteen authors , \ 
any GENRE , who have influenced you and will always stick with you . Do\ 
this in no more than fifteen minutes . Tag at least fifteen friends , \ 
including me , because I'm interested in seeing what authors my friends\ 
choose . 
80's\ 
week ..... Everyone has to change their profile pic to one of them taken\ 
in the 1980's . Be a good laugh to see how many of us have\ 
changed .... for the worse .... or better !! Change your pic and repost\ 
this .. give us all a laugh C'mon 
HaPpY HaLlOwEeN ! 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you\ 
laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too\ 
short to be anythin ... g but happy . Re-post if you agree , I just did . 
1)Go\ 
to Google Maps 2 ) Click on Get Directions3 ) Type in Japan as starting\ 
point 4 ) Type in < PROPFEMALE > as ending point 5 ) Go to number 43 on the\ 
directions 6 ) Laugh and Repost 
Let's see how creative my FACEBOOK friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that youthink\ 
best describes me using the THIRD LETTER of your FIRST NAME . It can\ 
only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a\ 
word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy !! \ 
For MG : virtuous 
Somebody touched your life , mentored you . Befriended you and meant the world to you , they are not your significant other but they are that close in importance . If it was a teacher , when was the last time you thanked them . If it was a coach , scout leader , band instructor , just dont thank them to yourself . Pick up the phone and call them and tell them . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories ! This is for a Campaign Against Violence on Children . 
Many people have 1000 wishes but a cancer patient and their family only have one : to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour 
It is the final stretch , this week finals for our students , last week was my last week until the spring . A lot of sweat this semester . Thank you all who have been helpful to me in my academic journey . There is a sign post ahead and it looks good . Next stop Spring 2011 , then onto my theisis then apply to the DLitt . Thanks for a great 2010 . You all have made it possible and thanks is not enough . THANK YOU !!!!! 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and what they bought . Well , this is what I want : I want people who are sick with no cure to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food , shelter or heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts 
It is the time to celebrate , on a secular and religious level . On the secular the look of children when < PROPFEMALE > brings presents . The shopping the looks , the crowds the materialism . We become the better the people we want to be all year . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and all the best for 2011 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , you are now 6 . We are very proud of you ! 
2011 VALE is over ... it was great to see so many of you today . Great presentations and thank you all for great conversations ! 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around ... outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life .? 
Today we said I do and its seven years , some of the best years . Thank you < PROPFIRST > , Happy Anniversary ! 
The Arizona tragedy has shown us that if we base everything on what we hear and read you would think the shooter , murderer , was a right wing fanatic . His rants and his readings suggest a troubled soul . There I said it , he is mentally ill , he is not a political assassin , he is deranged . It is only one person's fault the shooters . Pray for the souls he took and the lives he forever destroyed . 
Kids who require additional support aren't really different . They only want what everyone wants -- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique ... way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it .... dedicated to my little man .... what a gift he is 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION .. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS ' LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK ... YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . 
Just read about a woman who had over $400 worth of library materials over a year and the Vermont state troopers served ... Hmmm do you have library materials that overdue .. do yourself a favor and renew them or return them 
Weather like this reminds me of a young scout asking me when I was a waterfront director would I do a pall bearers swim , with a smile I said to myself , young scout you mean polar bear not pall bearer but this cold weather it certainly would be a pall bearer swim ... Stay warm and think SUMMMER ! 
Would like to think this winter is one of the worse on record ... or has it been so mild for so long we have forgotten what winter is really like . Either way snow is now a four letter word in the apartment , We are officially sick of it . If you are not enjoy it and if you maybe we can commiserate . Spring cant get here fast enough . \ 
Stay warm , stay dry , and < PROPMALE > t work too hard outside . Pay that teen for shoveling ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military wherever they may be - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
Ok winter you have officially overstayed your welcome .... GO BACK TO the Arctic , Antarctica and leave us alone til next December . \ 
Thanks 
Was thinking NJ Librarians .... we like to cook , well some of us . Why not create a NJ Librarian Cook book . We can sell it at NJLA conference and the proceeds can start a scholarship for any library school of their choice , not just RU 
Here is an idea ... FWIW , \ 
Lets do an NJLA Cook Book . we can put in recipes either :\ 
A . We found in a book , \ 
B . We found in works of literature\ 
C . Is our specialty\ 
With all the proceeds going to a scholarship fund , where any student in any library school can apply and get some help paying for books . What do you all think ? \ 
I do have 3 people interested in this .... lets see if we can do this ! 
Happy Valentines Day one and all ! 
Today we celebrate sisters , especially big sisters , to mine , thank you for being there for me , thank you for putting up with me , You maybe the only one who knows me longer than anyone of my friends and still will talk to me in your older sister voice , Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > and have an awesome day ! 
SNOW .... the NEW four letter word . Not liking it at all . 
just got back from the Doc ... Xrays , blood tests , urine tests .... they have no idea what is wrong . time to take a nap 
reading the bibliography of a text book on Medical history and I hit an idea right as the doctor came in ... I found all my sources and I can use their sources too , being not much has been written about in Ancient < PROPMALE > Military Medicine and guess what else I found , A journal article on Ancient < PROPMALE > Naval Medicine .... made my day 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends 
? If you have an amazing library , put this as your status ? 
Thank You one and ALL for your heartwarm birthday wishes ! 
dont forget to turn ahead your clocks 1 hour almost forgot 
doing the midterm paper gig . 2 classes 2 papers , 1 is getting done 1 will be done tommorow . its looking good just need to pace myself . 
Can anyone tell me why its so hard for people to pray , but easy to swear ? Why it is so hard to re-post a christian status , but easy to post gossip ? Why we can worship a celebrity , but not Jesus ? Gonna ignore this ? Most of you won't re-post this . The Lord said , if you deny me in front of your friends I will deny you in front of my father . I posted . Will you ? 
Doing a google scholar search on labor history and technology some interesting stuff out there in cyberland ... any thoughts ? Any suggestions ? Who has worked in the area of technology and labor history , maybe if Im lucky some shipbuilding or naval history too .. any takers ? 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... give a moment to think of those hurting around the world and say a prayer of peace and healing to troubled world . Give us peace , give us healing . Its good to have a good time but its also good to be mindful of the need for < PROPFIRST>'s message this day too 
Thinking about opposites , Hate and love are not , apathy is the opposite of both . And ignorance can lead you to all three . So there are four forks in the road . Apathy\ 
Ignorance , Hate , Love . What road has been there for you the most ? 
The girl you just called fat ? She is starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy your just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hrs in the mirror putting on makeup hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? Is abused enough at home . There is more to people than you think . Put this as your status if your against bullying . 
The Triangle Coat Factory ... 100 years . What has changed ? Have we learned from this ? Must we always react to and not be proactive in protecting workers from harm . We need checks and balances in the private sector .. as well as government 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . Thanks 
Today I went to History Day at Kean , some very bright young people . It was a great day ! 
working at 4 ... getting stuff down around . it is going to be a productive day 
So today is April 1 ... not February 1 . Not in the mood for any practical jokes . do want to laugh and smile . So maybe instead of writing practical jokes , write your best joke ... have an awesome April Fools day ! Make someone else smile ! 
April is here , 25% of the year is history ... so how are you going make history the rest of the year ? 
ll of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
we toss around labels , socialist , communist , humanist , nazi , facist , anarchist , but what about you ? what about me ? just a bunch of ideals some good some horrible but ideas that have changed history 
The light that has promised has been delivered however the tunnel is no longer in compliance , so it will have to be modified . So the lights need to be replaced with greener ones and we will only allow traffic to alternate 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
When we were growing up ... what memory would you like to have preserved ? Would there be a favorite toy , event , moment in time ? What would you choose and why if you want to tell ? 
Surprised at the news , of Osama Bin Laden , congratulations for all , from the president to the men who did this . When the president issued an order and it was carried out flawlessly he deserves credit too . So to my democratic friends I can compliment him and give him kudos . maybe it will demoralize the rest of those who mean to do us harm . It is not over by any stretch but it is a victory . 
Is there something very phony about cheering for ones enemies death ... it seems like false bravado . We are cheering , dancing , and chanting . Do we forget that there are real threats out there ... some really bad people still want to do us harm . Bin Laden is but one of the pieces of the hate puzzle . There are haters who are extreme on both sides of the lunatic fringe . 
Doing some research today ... looking for information about maritime or shipyard strikes in the last 100 years . Found one that looks interesting the 1919 Seatle Shipyard strike ... 
The problem with extending the < PROPFEMALE > branch of peace you may find the person you are offering to you takes it and swats you on the head with it . 
The other day someone stole my idenity and promptly returned it with a note .. Dont want to be you more then a minute dude ... Guess my life is just that fun filled 
My curfew was my dad's whistle . My mom called my name , not my cell . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what mom cooked , then I didn't eat . Sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap . I rode a bike without helmet , getting dirty was OK , and neighbors gave a damn as much as your parents did . Re-post if you drank water from a garden hose & survived ... 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms , grandmas , great grandmas Have an awesome day ! 
Last paper for this semester is done ... next stop Thesis land ... Now the fun begins . Thanks to the amazing people at < PROPFIRST > , Librarians , Professors , classmates . thanks to you all and a special thank you to the great people at Jennings Library and Cheng library . My friends , my colleagues heart felt thanks to you all ! 
Can I have a reality check at table 61 please 
If you want to help out my sister who is doing the relay for life send me a message and I will get you in touch with her . So please help her out helping others out . Thanks ! 
Many of you know my sister < PROPFEMALE > , she is doing the relay for life . So lets all give some money to her and her worthy cause . Private message me and I will get you in touch with her ... or better yet add her as a friend and she will tell you directly bypassing the middle man . Thanks in advance ! 
If for some reason the end of the world does happen as Mr Camping suggests , hope we all meet in our eternity ... if it does not happen . We will see each other again on Sunday with another installment of < PROPMALE > TV ... all < PROPMALE > all the time ... 
The hoarsemen have left along with the horse ... all have been fed , watered , Did get them drunk . So the Apocalypse has been postponed . GOD will release the date when its going to happen 
Think of someone you know or love who has or has had diabetes . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting diabetes . Hope to see it in your status -it is an honor to comply 
I hear the line .. if you can read this thank a teacher ... however how do we make it apply to librarians .. here is my attempt . \ 
If you find yourself lost in a book and can hear the book in your mind and experience it , THANK A LIBRARIAN 
This weekend is many things for many people . For the young its the start of summer , for the families , summer vacations , students , vacation . For our veterans and their families a < PROPMALE > to remember their fallen comrades . 
< PROPFEMALE > had field day today .... hope she has a fun time and knows shes a winner in momma's and daddy's book 
I have been sitting on this for a few weeks . It is official I am a doctor of letters candidate at < PROPFIRST > University . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and my co-workers at Caldwell . This chapter is almost done .. thesis and classes . But you all made it happen . Much thanks to family , friends , and anyone else I did not mention by name . You know who and what you are to me ... THANK YOU !!!!!!! 
Father's Day Weekend .. Heres to all the dads , granddads , godfathers . Thanks to all of you for being there for us . 
To all the dads , grand dads , step dads , and to your fathers . Happy Fathers Day and thanks to my dad ! 
Some good advice from a great scholar ... Do not look for what you want to answer let it find you .. in that case Ill be at the library tomorrow all day . Ill be wearing business casual 
Today I was at NYU ... just an amazing library at Bobst . Found some interesting things out about the Seattle Strike . 
searching LC , University of Washington Archives , for more intellectual nuggets . < PROPFEMALE > pieces of a puzzle searching and researching . Keeping it real this summer 
This year July has 5 Fridays 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese philosophy of Feng Shui . Those who read and do not copy will be without money . 
Let's see who truly reads my status .... you and I wake up in a police car together . Using only Four words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
It's Daughters ' Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter(s ) that you\ 
? love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your ? \ 
status for a little while but hold her in your Heart for a Lifetime 
Let's see how creative my Face book friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes ME using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! ( : 
Another radio station in NYC ... gone . The fifty dollar question is ..... What format will the new owners chose ? Talk , Country , 40-early 60s music , Swing , Jazz , any takers or suggestions .. What does NYC radio need more or need some of or better yet whats missing from NYC radio ? 
Was hacked if you see any video references that was posted by me ... delete it with my apologies . 
There are no dumb questions ... but there is an awful a lot of curious cerebrally challenged dolts 
Compassion is not a handout .. its reaching your hand out to lift people up . Dust them off and help them succeed and instruct them and give them the tools for success . An act that will sow seeds of their own successes 
So , Obama says the Social Security may not be paid after 8-2-11 if they don't reach an agreement . I have a better idea . Rather than not paying the people who need that small check ( and I mean SMALL ) every month , let's not pay any politician for the next year and see if that helps them to work a little harder for the US , the little people .. Re-post this if you agree . 
I had a friend who heard drink Canada Dry .. he went there to see if could do it 
Another thought for the moment ... you can tune a piano but you can't tunafish 
Actor I was given : < PROPFIRST > Carradine\ 
Movie He Was In I Loved : Macho Callahan\ 
Movie I Liked : Boxcar bertha\ 
Movie I Hated : Cannonball \ 
Like my status and I'll give you an actor ... 
Ok now for something different . Music \ 
Make a list of ten to 20 groups , every music lover has to have in their collection . But the twist on this they can not be played very often on the radio . This can include classical music . Post it on your notes and tag friends ... lets see what kind of library we can build 
By pulling the handle the other way , a worker could release the two boxes in seconds when it was time to discharge the ship . 
My year is 1990\ 
I was 20 yrs old\ 
My favorite movie : The Hunt for Red October\ 
Fad : Long walks along the Ohio River in the middle of the night , thanks < PROPMALE > ! \ 
Dislike : my arrogance and immaturity\ 
Like this and I will give you a year ! 
Saw it was still raining , is it too early to put in an order for an ark 
Have we lost touch with history , we can learn alot about us by reading about it . Listening to an audio book on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , maybe we need to look at that period and look and see what has been learned . 
Good luck in the next school year to the students , teachers , professors , librarians , and anyone else working with them 
Friendships are Special ! So Lets start a Friendship Ring .... if you are my friend click on the like button and then re-post this on your profile to keep it going ! Let's see just how far we can go with this shall we :) 
< PROPFEMALE > really blows 
With sadness I regret to inform our CSMS alumni , the passing of Mr < PROPMALE > Holsten . He was the soccer coach , teacher of biology , mentor , friend , co-worker . May he rest in Peace and keep the family in your prayers ! 
Irene ... if you promise to leave , I promise to miss you ! 
How about some good news in the world of sports ... thats right I am about to talk about sports and baseball at that ... Pat Gillick made to the hall of fame for baseball . Congrats on that milestone . before he was a famous baseball player , he earned his Eagle Scout Award . he is the first player hall of famer to be an Eagle Scout and in the Baseball Hall of Fame . Congrats to him 
Let's see who truly reads my status ... you and I wake up in a police car handcuffed together . Using three words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 3 word limit ) 
GUARANTEE NOT 1 OF\ 
MY FACEBOOK FRIEND WILL COPY THIS POST ... IF YOU WOULD BE THERE FOR ME THEN COPY\ 
THIS ... I AM DOING THIS PROVE A FRIEND WRONG THAT SOMEONE IS ALWAYS LISTENING\ 
... NYPD , FDNY AND EMS OFFICERS WERE NOT INVITED TO THE TENTH ANNIVERSARY\ 
CEREMONY OF 9/11 ... MAYOR BLOOMBERG CLAIMS THERE IS NO ROOM FOR THEM ... 10 YEARS\ 
AGO , THEY WEREN'T INVITED , BUT THEY SHOWED UP WHEN EVERYONE ELSE WAS RUNNING\ 
OUT !!! RE-POST IF YOU AGREE THEY SHOULD BE THERE 
If for a moment you can reflect and think ... think about the those who you have in life . Who you invited in , born into your life , and who stayed . Thank them all in a small but loud way . Thank you friends , family , and friends I have yet to meet ! 
?? <3 May I ask a personal favor ? Only some of you will do it , and I'm fairly certain I know who you are . If you know someone who fought cancer and won , or fought cancer and died , or someone who is still fighting , please add this to your status for 1 hour as a < PROPFIRST > of respect , support , and in remembrance . ??? Thanks Leean for the reminder of how we must be this foe of our loved ones 
I am < PROPMALE > of the world 
To every single one of you who are on my friends list , old friends and new , I enjoy meeting you on here . I enjoy catching up ; I enjoy hearing about you and your family ; I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let’s see who actually pays attention . Like this post and then copy this as your status just for a minute . I’ll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family and friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
Ok who ever is praying for rain in NJ ... would you please knock it off ... thanks ! 
10 years ago ... It was an amazing September morning . I was going to go to NYC . I would have been around the WTC about that time ... but decided to sleep in , woke up and heard < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > in the morning ... telling about a plane hitting WTC . They were jokers .. and thought this was a prank . Found out it was real and couldnt tell anyone I was home and not in NYC . It was a horrible set of events ... Never forget ... United We Stand ! 
Dear Summer , \ 
I just thought I would write you a note , thanks for the times we had . Dont cry its over , smile for what it was . And when you want to give us a hotter summer next year . Please make it warm but not overly hot . This summer was hard on us we get it . We understand you are not to be fooled with . Looking forward to your friend fall . Hopefully he actually stays around for a while , warm days , crisp nights , and best of all Thanksgiving and Christmas . \ 
Thanks for your time ! \ 
All of us 
To every single one of you who are on my friends list . I enjoy catching up ; I enjoy hearing about you and your family ; I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who actually pays attention . Like this post and then copy this as your status just for a minute . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family and friendship . Thank you for being a part of my life :) 
Its going to be one of those days , where reflection and inner thoughts need to be put into action . So what mountains will you and I climb , together , alone , or with important others . Make it a great one for someone else . 
I posted something about Facebook charging , before I checked all the faces out . I stand corrected ... Thanks < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . sorry all 
TO my Old Bridge friends , a great guy by the name of < PROPFIRST > Gillick is running for office . Give him 2 minutes in November by voting for HIM , for town council . He will not disappoint you . Not a typical politician , he was born here in OB and went to the schools . You dont know < PROPFIRST > ... but trust me you will like the job he will do for in council ! 
If your spouse is still your best friend , works extremely hard , has been with you through triumphs and tragedies , loves you when you're at your worst , and is someone you're proud to be married to , post this as your status ? 
Rest in Peace < PROPMALE > Rooney , you gave us an earful and then some . Thank you for your service in WW2 . 
