This is confusing ;_; I'll add more eventually I guess . 

Sexxeh hat . 
People are too unpredictable . Maybe I should stop trying to predict them .... 
I love the time of night when everyone else is asleep and it feels like you have the whole world to yourself . Thank you FCAT for making this possible during a school week . 
As much as this pains me to admit , I need to see how much I can buy a PS3 for .... God of War III + FFXIII are just .. wow . 
Wants a good pizza right now . 
Everyone is sold out of PS3s .... :(( 
Haven't started my environmental paper yet , nor have I studied for my math test . 
Oooook time to start BSing my paper :( 
More annoyed and upset than I've been all year . Someone cheer me up . Yes , you . 
PS3 huntin ' time ! 
PS3 obtained thanks to my loyal friends like < PROPFEMALE > who always believe in me 
Anyone know the date of grad bash ? 
When you take a step back , you realize that nothing in this world really matters and all your problems seem to disappear .... 
It's a shame when our political system cares more about their own individual jobs and morals ( or lack of ) that they'll try to prevent our country's progress for the sake of winning an election . Get rid of the political parties ; or come join the Empire of < PROPFIRST > . I'm taking signups . 
Stack your deck right and it's all smooth sailing . 
And the schedule goes back to normal . Sleep all day , party all night ;D 
“Lately I feel like somebody made a big mess and I’ve got my mop and I’m mopping the floor and the folks who made the mess are there ( saying ) ‘you’re not mopping fast enough . You’re not mopping the right way . It’s a socialist mop . ’” -Barack Obama 
It's good to be < PROPMALE > . 
Who wants in my April Fools bomb shelter ? 
Can god create a burrito so hot that even he can't eat it ? 
17.5 days left for me ? Maybe less if I sleep more instead of waking up .... 
President of Poland and 96 top officials killed in a plane crash .... there goes the government ? 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Gonna be out of town all weekend with family so text or call me during and I'll love you forever <3 561-789-2748 
Better pissed off than pissed on . 
Environmental homework distract me please 
Say what you mean and mean what you say because the people who mind don't matter and the people who matter don't mind . 
Grad Bash was absolutely amazing but no time for rest now ! 
Did you know that if a Nigerian asks for your social security number , he is not just getting to know you ? He actually wants it to steal your identity . 
I asked God for a bike , but I know God doesn't work that way . So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness . 
Got bitched at for running \too much\ " at the gym . This is some turnaround . " 
Just a few more days , and I can take my friends with me while pretending none of this ever happened ... I think such a balance will prove impossible . 
I was HOPING to make my last week fun and memorable , but instead I'll be coughing and choking all the way through exams and projects . Ah well , the end result is the same . 
Seems like everyone is depressed these days , I'll have to stay super happy for you all !! 
See you on the flip side 
School's out for summer , school's out forever :) 
Currently undefeated at online chess , accepting all challenges , make an account at www.chess.com and add Rkplanet to friends . 
Best song of all time : The Killers - Mr. Brightside vs . < PROPFEMALE > - Don't Stop Me Now\ 
Place votes . Any other answer is wrong . 
Attempting to fix every technological problem I've had in the past year over one night . I think I'm killing my bandwidth doing so , downloads are taking forever . 
Officially class rank #11 . They decided to make the front row the top 12 rather than 10 . My luck is unstoppable . 
But there's no sense crying over every mistake\ 
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake . 
Goals : Personal airplane\ 
Ability to fly said airplane\ 
< PROPMALE > of the internet\ 
??? 
Freaking hackers going after the WRONG PERSON * puts on armor and picks up claymore * 
In a society that has abolished all adventure , the only adventure left is to abolish that society . 
f**king magnets , how do they work ? I don’t want to talk to a \ 
scientist , ya’ll MF lying and getting me pissed 
Perfect is possible . 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > is open till 4 AM ? May have to make a late night stop in a while ! 
McDonald's customer satisfaction is lower than all the < PROPMALE > airlines as well as the IRS . Seriously . 
Facebook be in pirate speak change in language settings arrr !! 
I put sprite in a water bottle and it exploded , now my mousepad is all wet ;_; 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin makes me believe in God . There's no way someone that stupid evolved from anything . 
The world cup - where everyone who doesn't care about soccer pretends to , and forgets all about it the day after . 
Wisdom teeth in the morning , blah . I think I'm the only one who thinks the drugs they give will be the worst part rather than the best . 
5:30 AM , haven't eaten or drank in five and a half hours and not allowed to until the surgery is over . Maybe being really tired and hungry and thirsty will make it easier or something ? I'll be glad when this is done and I can sleep . 
Well I'm still alive , thanks for those who hoped and ,,!,, to those with nothing but horror stories . 
Congratulations to North Korea for their 1-0 win over Brazil , video evidence of the winning goal is being played in homes throughout the country for the next two months . 
A horse walks into a bar . The barkeeper asks him , \Why the long face ? \ " The horse replies that he is dying from cervical cancer and that his alcoholism is ruining his family . " 
If God made everything , God must be Chinese . 
Did you know that F13 opens your latest closed tab ? 
College can't come soon enough , I need to get away from all this crap for a while . 
is waiting impatiently for Orion Schwartz and < PROPMALE > Backer to return .. Have fun but hurry up guys > < 
Almost at the front of the line to get the iPhone 4 ... Been here since 1 AM . Very poor execution by Apple ( surprise ! ) . 
Eleven hours at the mall for an iPhone only to be put on the priority list due to them running out by giving them all to line cutters . Far beyond pissed . I haven't been this mad in years I think only the blood of Apple employees can calm me now .. 
iPhone in claw 
Was flying down Glades when a cat ran across the road in front of my car .. Swerved instantly and the cat went right under unscathed . Life lesson : video games hone reflexes , reflexes save animals . Play video games . 
Playing an I Wanna Be the Guy fanmake .. this game is harder than the original and every bit as fun . Here goes my next few weeks :) 
It's the winners who write the history books . 
is not conforming . Like this status and I won't reply to you . 
And tonight we can truly say , together we're invincible .... 
They're trying to build a mosque on Ground Zero in New York City , the site of the 9/11 attacks on the world trade center . Does anyone but me think that is downright obscene and offensive ? 
Feeling especially polarizing right now . 
Can't stop watching the old spice youtube videos . This man singlehandedly makes old spice the greatest company to currently exist . Check them out . \ 
\ 
www.youtube.com/oldspice 
I swear the entire theater groaned at once at the ending of Inception . Amazing movie , not for the dumb but I thought it made complete sense until the very end . 
I can't even tell when facebook chat is working now or not . Cool story ; x 
I see it now .. they'll never be convinced . There is only one way to save this country ; no , this world , and it is not through the \rapture . \"" 
is having trouble defining intelligence .... 
Just beat the [ harder ] fanmake of the hardest game of all time . It's a good day already . 
Didn't think I could actually hit 100 in my mom's old car ; while that turn was the most fun I've had in a long time , I don't think I'll be doing that again . 
In Boston , this city is really nice . Big city feel without the New York chaos . 
Nothing quite like a 1 AM workout in a high-rise overlooking Boston . 
Never make decisions when you're angry , and never make promises when you're happy . Save yourself from a life of regrets . 
If you play a < PROPFIRST > Bieber album backwards you hear messages from Satan . Even worse , if you play it forward you hear < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
From the greatest city I've ever been in to the mountains of Massachusetts , man has my trip taken a fall . I make myself cringe sometimes . 
Headin back to Boca 
I totally won last night , I figured out why I was wearing a weird watch with glitchy symbols on it and threw a fireball through a building .... 
Am I the only one that thinks thanking god for things others lay down their lives or time to do is beyond disrespectful ? Nope , bet my sister agrees . 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
I got stuck in a dream that I couldn't wake up from for 12 hours and woke up sick . Great day ! 
I just sent an e-mail to myself that will arrive in ten years . Hopefully I can live up to my expectations for myself hmm ? \ 
.. Getting this e-mail will be TOO WEIRD .. 
First day of school tomo- OWAIT !! >:3 !! 
First thing that happens at college : someone dies . We're off to a great start ;D ! 
\Saying god spoke to you in a dream is saying you dreamed god spoke to you . \"" 
Computer science or computer engineering ? 
English homework is like swimming up a creek with a strong current against you . And pirahnas . Maybe because ' learning ' this stuff is utterly useless ? Plus it's boring as hell . 
Hide yo kids , hide yo wife , and hide yo husband cause they rapin ' eerybody out here . 
A magician was driving down the road . Then he turned into a driveway . 
< PROPFIRST > Hawking is a genius - could gravity be responsible for existence ? 
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off . 
And I thought it was hot in Boca . Steeling myself up to go back out to tailgating ... 
Football game was great we killed em . 
Never fails to estimate his own standards ; two sentences written for my paper = first break time ! 
I said I wanted Vanilla Coke , and so I have it . 
1/50 < PROPMALE > we get slammed by an asteroid this evening , get your hardhats ready . 
Why thank god for feeling better when it was Him who made you sick ? Serious question , looking for an answer . 
If Bieber wins I'm quitting society . 
I'll have you know .. that I've become indestructible ! Determination that is incorruptible ! From the other side - a terror to behold ! Annihilation will be unavoidable ! Every broken enemy will know , that their opponent had to be invincible - take a last look around while you're alive , I'm an indestructible master of war ! 
Dark days are over 9/8/2010-9/14/2010 
Nothing can describe the gym here other than wall-to-wall bros . 
So I need to know . Is anyone reading this against gay marriage ? 
Why oh why do I want to < PROPMALE > in three things ? I can't do them all I'll be here for 5-6 years ! 
Not like me to forget my backpack at Marketplace for 30 minutes , luckily no one had touched it . 
People are funny . 
I hate English , it was okay as a sleep opportunity in high school but I don't know how or why English majors do it . 
Why are people ' attending ' Man Day ? Every day is man day ... 
At least they give you a month's grace period before slamming you . 
Truth is , if you like this status , that's just great . 
Lucid dream #2 , this one lasted for what felt like hours , I learned a lot . What an amazing experience . 
Code Geass is really inspirational , I'm extremely impressed . 
First C on a test ever , this is not okay . 
Math : It's a love-hate relationship . 
Does anyone know if/where I can hide all < PROPFEMALE > like's ? 
Awwwwwwyeah , my morning class got cancelled tomorrow too ;D ! 
Farmville is so huge !! Do you realize it's the second biggest browser-based social-networking-centered farming game in the WORLD ? 
Push the envelope . 
This makes saving for a car seem like a joke - money's going in the bank to be spent on a jetpack . Welcome to the future . 
Exogenesis : Symphony 
People on facebook wouldn't know a bad link if it punched them in the nose . \ 
www.notavirus.com 
Matrices are the sentence diagramming of math . 
All is One is the last philosophy I wanted to be right .. Sure hope it isn't cause All happens to be mentally retarded . 
It's the big and little things that matter in life , and I've got them all . 
Tomorrow , our country goes to the shit house . 
It may be wrong to stereotype but stereotypes are true most of the time . 
I'm not home , but if I was I'm sure I'd make a status about it . 
Campus is a ghost town , time to get going . 
I think some guy tried to follow me home at 5:30 AM , I had to juke him in my neighborhood twice to get through my garage unseen . I'm officially creeped out , even though I handled it perfectly . 
On route to < PROPMALE > , see all of you I missed in a week or two ! 
She's real fine my 407 , my 407 , my 407 .. 
Hacking a facebook never used to be this hard . Damn . 
Go Knights ! 
\Richard treats the roof like his daughter and raises it\ " - < PROPFIRST > Stagman " 
Israeli-controlled killer sharks . 
The truly knowledgeable know that they know nothing . 
\Can omniscient God 
High-speed wild animal dodge #3 . They need to start advertising video games as giving the reflexes to save lives . These animals are running more complex patterns in front of my car each time .. GOD IS TESTING ME ! 
\People say we need religion when what they really mean is we need police . \ " -H . L . Mencken " 
Has anyone heard the news regarding a certain ornithological creature ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Keathley IS AWESOME ! < PROPFIRST > Apploff IS GAY . 
\We should get into that business . I've always wanted to be a false prophet . \ " - < PROPMALE > Backer " 
\People believe that shit ? \ " -My dad on the second coming of Jesus " 
Press pause on one life and play on another , a transition so smooth it may as well be a dream . 
It's warmed up to 48 so sweatshirt stays behind . Short sleeves , jeans , and cockiness is all one needs . 
Attention UCFers . A famous scientist is speaking on Quantum Chemistry in HEC 125 at 4:30 . It sounds damn cool , and you should mix things up a bit in your routine :) 
The preachers are singling me out now to talk to me , I get sucked in even when I'm trying to avoid them ! Even I'm not this aggressive ! 
8:30 AM to 3:45 AM , all non-stop action .. longest day of my life . In a good way . 
Only reason the bears lost is because they were busy puking over the packers ' jerseys . 
Chem and calc are a destructive combination . 
Facebook's becoming a virus hole for idiots . Stop clicking bad links . 
This has to be the most difficult homework assignment I have ever been given . 
Black Eyed Peas are a disgrace to our generation . Autotune at a live show ? Get the hell out of here . 
Damn sickness , inhibiting my learning ! Could you guys pray for me to get better ?? It'll mean so much to me ! 
Watch Jeopardy tonight - a robot that IBM spent over four years producing is facing off against the two top players of all time using only its memory ( no internet access) ! 
Consult the book of armaments 
Tosh . 0 is the most unfunny show I've ever seen short of < PROPMALE > of the hill ... 
I am the multitasking , productivity , efficiency GOD . 
Finally getting a hard program right is the best feeling in the world . 
Spent all night on a computer programming assignment , damn it feels good to be done . I feel like I deserve to just relax and bask in my genius for a little bit . 
Glades Road sucks . 
Great break , back into crunch mode for the next eight weeks . 
Who needs drugs , get high off of computer programming . 
\Video Gaming Literacy and Culture : Explores impact of video games on culture and society through the lens of game literacies 
Dual < PROPMALE > in computer engineering-computer science in four years or go for a masters in computer engineering in five ? 
Two hours in the pouring rain and I have my universal ticket ! Worth it ? Everything worth mentioning is worth doing ! ( P.S. exceptions apply ) 
I love the world of technology , not even a day after Google's April Fools joke of a motion-controlled gmail , some guys with a Kinect made it happen .. 
