Supposed to have off today , and now back to one day off this week ... 

Have to write a lame American Lit essay i've been procrastinating , then off to work , but work shouldn't be too bad ... hopefully . 
working on my trainer book , then i have to finish reading The Firm ... only 300 pages left and a project to do for friday 
Moving really sucked ... took all day ... but alas it is all done and I can finally relaxing 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out at my aunty's house for the day , then off to prom , not even 11:30 yet and the day has already been crappy , hopefully can only go up from here 
Just watched the most disgusting movie trailer ever , The Human Centipede , it is scary to say the least 
Well , hopefully get some answers tomorrow , might not be what i want to hear , but atleast i'll be able to start to moving forward with my life again 
Well , today hasn't been the greatest day , but I atleast can start moving forward now 
Definitely had better days , Hurt myself at work and then i ruined a friendship 
Lmao , Last.fm just made my day , out of the 3000 songs to choose from , the first song it ever picks to play is Rape Me by Nirvana 
Ap Psych test today , can't wait ... 
Why is it hardest to help those we care about most ? 
Enought time wasted , time to begin moving on 
I'm kind of bored , anyone feel free to text me 
So bored ... 
Working 4-close tonight , then off tomorrow , so , anyone want to do something tomorrow ? 
Mt . Olympus today , should be fun , just really hoping it doesnt rain , but still got awhile until i get there so text me 715 340 9056 
Its been a great day , spent the day in the dells , and now on my way back home 
Been extremely slow tonight , so bored ... 
i have a feeling today will be a good day 
Hmmm ... 4 on the AP Psych test , not bad considering i didn't do any reading , work or studying for that class 
POKE\ 
me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think i'm a \ 
good friend . INBOX me if youu ever wanted a relationship with me . \ 
COMMENT on this if we have had good memories ... Remember , be honest ! Now\ 
lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this onto their status 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affectedby\ 
someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack \ 
upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure \ 
for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a \ 
... smack ...... upside .. the head , but we can raise aw ... ar ... eness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
This is gonna be a long day , was late for work on my day off ... 
Hey everyone , I erased all the contacts off my phone , so if you want me to have your number send me a text and let me know who you are 
Staples interview tomorrow , wish me luck 
Staples interview was a success , back on Monday for a second interview 
Got the job at staples , good bye < PROPFIRST > d's 
This has been a frickin ' awesome week , new job at staples , first place in network design at regionals , off to state 
So i thought about making a big rant about the political status of the < PROPMALE > , but i decided to make it short and easy , people who stands for the < PROPMALE > is ignorant . Simple and to the point . 
