wishes everyone the most wonderfully Happy New Year imaginable ! 

is heading out today for some R&R . 
is back from Barren River State Resort Park . We had a wonderful time ! If you haven't checked out any of Kentucky's state parks , you should . 
wants everyone to know that using a pressure washer to clean a deck does not make the job \easy . \ " This is especially when it is 90 degrees outside . At least the deck looks good . Tomorrow I stain it ... " 
is taking a short break from staining the deck ... which is no more fun than pressure washing the deck when it is 92 degrees . Fortunately , a relatively low humidity helps . 
forgot all about a meeting this morning . Oh well , too late now . 
wants all his HCP Board peeps to realize he messed up and know the September meeting is on the 20th ! 
feels fairly useless at the moment . 
never thought he would see the day , but has applied to go back on active duty for a while . 
thanks everyone for the questions concerning the active duty status . If you want to know what is going on , check out my latest note . 
For those of you who had not heard yet , my Mom passed away this morning ( September 24 ) at about 5:00 a.m. CDT . < PROPMALE > and I are making all the arrangements now . 
thanks everyone for the kind and loving comments . The visitation is 6-8 Sunday evening at Leak Memory Chapel in Montgomery . Funeral service at 10 a.m. Monday at Capital City Church of the Nazarene , then burial at 2:00 Monday at Ward-Wilson Memory Hill in Dothan . 
For those who have asked , the visitation is at Leak Memory Chapel , 945 < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > Road , Montgomery , < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > 36109 . The service will be at Capital City Church of the Nazarene , 4450 < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > Road , Montgomery , < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > 36106 . Thanks for all the thoughts and prayers -- all are appreciated greatly . 
is home again . 
wonders what that strange glow in the sky is ... Oh , it's the SUN ! It's been so long I barely remember . I am so glad to see it again . 
thanks everyone involved with Nunsense for such an outstanding production . If you didn't see it , you missed out ! 
thinks he should actually be working on tomorrow's workshop instead of spending time on Facebook . 
In establishing the priorities , my filter was usually the question \how does this train soldiers ? \"" 
Visit The Hardin County Playhouse fan < PROPFEMALE > to see photos from Nunsense ! 
Everyone have a wonderful Thanksgiving ! 
is enjoying the wonderful pandemonium created by having the entire family here for Thanksgiving ! 
feels extremely satisfied after a very successful opening performance of A Tuna Christmas . I am thrilled and honeored to work with such a talented cast and crew ! 
is tried , but satisfied . We sure have a great bunch of people at HCP ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the entire Caldera family in this tough time . We will all miss < PROPMALE > enormously . 
is now in Key West , FL . Arrived late tonight -- it's a long drive from Ft . Lauderdale -- so we haven't seen much yet . Tomorrow we explore , then head to the port back in Ft . Lauderdale on Friday for the cruise . 
is wrapping up the Key West day . It was lovely ... walked , meandered around , and generally relaxed all day . Tomorrow we drive back to Ft . Lauderdale to board the ship , which was , ironically , in Key West today for its last port call of the current cruise . < PROPMALE > did not understand why we have to drive back to Ft . Lauderdale instead of boarding here . 
thanks everyone for the birthday and Christmas wishes . Both were great . We are now back in the USA ( Ft . Lauderdale ) and will head home tomorrow . 
is sitting in the Ft . Lauderdale airport waiting for the plane . A wonderful vacation draws to a close ... But it will be good to be home again , too . 
is finally home from the vacation . We had a truly wonderful time . 
had a great day . Black-eyed peas , ham , and rice with fried corn bread for dinner was wonderful ! It wasn't fancy , but sure was good . Then < PROPFIRST > made a fudge pie ( with ice cream ) to top it all off . The heartburn is a small price to pay for such delight . 
bought a new couch and chair for the living room today . As much as I like the old ones , it was time . 
is going to Toronto in May to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in concert . Woohoo ! 
is not really a football fan , but that was a good game . 
is thinking that he is getting tired of snow now . It's pretty , but enough already ! It sure has been a snowy Winter for us , hasn't it ? 
Snowing again ???? Enough already ! 
thinks it is ironic that it is snowing hard in the deep South and Vancouver has no snow for the Winter Olympics . 
loves the Olympics ! 
thinks snow is pretty but I'm about prettied out now . Is Spring getting close yet ? 
is now watching the Olympics again . 
USA beat Canada in HOCKEY ???? 
More snow ? Really ? 
Today's game - MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , and then put your middle name at the end of this sentence : < PROPFIRST > 
has a busy week for a change . 
is very happy to see the sunshine ! 
It's 71F/22C on our deck this afternoon -- a truly fine day , indeed ! 
Today's game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends ' birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : The exciting city of Baltimore , MD ! 
< PROPFEMALE > went back to the vet for her second check-up today and now weighs in at a whopping 3 pounds and a half ounce -- almost double her weight of 3 weeks ago . 
is very proud of < PROPFEMALE > and Autumn for being cast in Still Life with < PROPFEMALE > at Theatre Cedar Rapids ! Woohoo -- way to go , girls ! 
The Diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at Hardin County Playhouse , Thursday through Sunday , April 8-18 . This promises to be a very strong production of a great story ! For reservations call 351-0577 or email playhouse@hardincountyplayhouse.com . Tix are $13 for adults , $12 for seniors 55 and older , students 12th grade and younger , and groups of 10 or more . 
has just about finished the bathroom remodeling . Pretty soon ... the hall and stairs , which DESPERATELY need attention . 
had a truly enjoyable , blessed Easter . Church , relaxing , family , all wonderful . 
The Diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > opens at HCP this Thursday , April 8th , and plays Thursday - Saturday at 8:00 p.m. and Sunday at 3:00 p.m. through April 18th . One of our best productions of the season ! Tix : $13 for adults , $12 for seniors ( 55 and older ) , students ( 12th grade and younger ) , and groups of 10 or more . Call 270-351-0577 or email playhouse@hardincountyplayhouse.com for reservations . 
is enjoying performing in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > but glad the first week is almost over . 
The HCP Board of Directors is planning a 40th Anniversary Celebration for our subscribers on May 8 . If any of you have old pictures , anecdotes , or other stories from the past 40 years at HCP I would truly love to hear/see them and would greatly appreciate your sharing them . You can post them here or email to me at jeffcorkran@hardincountyplayhouse.com . THANKS ! 
Don't forget that The Diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is playing again this weekend at Hardin County Playhouse . Thursday-Saturday at 8:00 and Sunday at 3:00 . Call 270-351-0577 for reservations . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s vet visit was good -- all is well and she now weighs 4 lbs . 6 oz . So she is a little more than a powder puff now , but not much . It must be all of < PROPFIRST>'s shoes that she is eating ... 
is amazed that we are actually getting a refund from the feds and the state . That has't happened in a loooonnnngggg time . I guess there is an \up\ " side to not having any business last year ... " 
keeps feeling he has to be at the theater at 2:00 , though we are no longer doing Saturday matinées . I am amazed how quickly these habits become routine and how long it takes to get them out of our psyches . 
thanks everyone associated with The Diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for such a wonderful experience . Whether you were in the cast , the crew , or the audience , thank you . 
just saw one of the prettiest rainbows I've ever seen in Kentucky -- a double one ! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is a bit strange . This evening , we have found out she likes raw cauliflower , cooked carrots , and apples . I'm not sure she knows she is a dog . 
Happy Mother's Day to everyone -- sons , daughters , brothers , sisters , and especially you moms ! 
, < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > are leaving tomorrow morning for Iowa . We're excited about seeing < PROPFEMALE > and Autumn in \Still Life with Iris ! \"" 
and family leave Wednesday for Niagara Falls , then to Toronto on Friday to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > with some great friends . Excited ! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > failed to read the chapter in her doggie handbook about being carnivorous . I just found her eating a raw potato she had stolen out of the bag . She had eaten about a third of it . Looks like it's time to find a new storage spot for potatoes . 
is having fun in Niagara Falls , Ontario ! It's a BEAUTIFUL day . 
has stopped in Dayton , OH for the night while traveling home from Canada . We had a wonderful time ! 
is home from Canada , Ohio , etc ., tired but very satisfied . It was a truly great trip and a wonderful visit with wonderful friends . 
is very happy with the opening weekend of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas at HCP . What a hard-working cast ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing well after her surgery , just groggy from the anesthesia . She'll come home sometime tomorrow . 
thinks that all you wonderful folks from The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas should continue your acquaintance with HCP by coming out in July to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > in Red , White and Tuna ! And bring your friends ! 
thinks God did not want him to cut the grass today , as none of the lawn mowers would start . 
is working on preparations for Red , White , and Tuna . 
What a beautiful morning in central Kentucky ! Mid-70s , low humidity , and a very pleasant breeze -- a perfect day for the zoo with grandchildren . 
finally figured out why I was not getting all the status updates he wants . The idiot had accidentally told Facebook to hide some of them . DOH ! 
wishes everyone a very happy Independence Day ! Be safe and have fun . 
Come see Hardin County Playhouse's mid-Summer fund raiser , Red , White , and Tuna , this weekend . Performances are July 9 and 10 at 8:00 pm , July 11 at 3:00 pm . Tickets are $20 each , $15 if you are a subscriber . We are in the Plum Alley Theater in the Historic State Theater complex , downtown Elizabethtown . No reservation needed . Call 351-0577 for more information . 
Great performance of Red , White and Tuna this evening ! Last < PROPMALE > Sunday , July 11 , at 3:00 . 
Photos of Red , White and Tuna are now posted on The Hardin County Playhouse < PROPFEMALE > . 
is home safe in Kentucky after a whirlwind trip to Atlanta - Jacksonville - Atlanta . Happy to be home . 
102F or 39C ... no matter how you say it , it's wicked hot ! 
just finished highlighting my script for \Who's Afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Wool ? \ " I think I need a new highlighter now . " 
thinks it is entirely too hot . 
< PROPFEMALE > wants to go for her nightly walk but it's still too damn hot ! 
and his lovely wife , < PROPFIRST > , are celebrating their 38th wedding anniversary today . So he must have been 10 years old when they got married . 
had a great anniversary yesterday . 
was suitably impressed with last night's final dress rehearsal of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . Everyone needs to come see it ! It opens tonight , August 13th , and plays this weekend and next weekend . Call 270-351-0577 for reservations . 
is excited that we ( HCP ) are virtually sold out for tonight's opening of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ! Fortunately , we still have seats for all other performances , but very few left for tonight . 
Dear Weather : How about a break , please ? This 110 degree heat index is totally uncalled for . This is Kentucky , not southern Mississippi . 
Dear Weather : Thank you ! A heat index of 81 degrees is much nicer than the 110 earlier today . Now if you'll just stay this way ... 
It's birthday and anniversary season in our family . < PROPFIRST>'s birthday two weeks ago , our anniversary last week , today is < PROPFIRST>'s birthday , < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow , and < PROPFEMALE>'s next week , then < PROPFIRST > on September 1st . Whew ! Then we have to wait until December . I love celebrations ! 
wants all his Facebook and FarmVille friends and neighbors to know that I really don't care if you find a pig with my name on its collar . I gave up the farm a while back and have no intention of resuming it . Keep the pig , and the nails , and the boards ... 
just officially accepted a job offer . It's been a while since I was employed full-time but I think I'll get used to it fairly quickly . 
has been filling out paper work for two days . Sometimes it seems never-ending . 
What a beautiful day ! Currently in the low 80s , low humidity , < PROPFEMALE > , and a light breeze . We couldn't ask for much nicer weather in late August ! 
What an absolutely GORGEOUS day ! Low 70s , low humidity -- just about perfect . I just took a short motorcycle ride and it was hard to come home . 
thinks the opening performance of \Daddy's Dyin'\ " went extremely well . Good performance and a great audience . " 
PLACE OF BIRTH . Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth : Baltimore , MD 
has already voted this morning . Shouldn't you ? 
wants to especially thank the tech crew for Daddy's Dyin ' because we never thank you enough and what you do is incredibly important ! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > , you're the best crew EVER ! < PROPMALE > , thanks for another wonderful journey ! 
just wants everyone to know that < PROPFIRST > was on the best backstage crew , not < PROPFEMALE > ( this time ) . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > , for catching the mistake . And thanks , < PROPFIRST > , for all the wonderful backstage work ! 
Festival yesterday and two rehearsals today . I'm tired . Guess I'll have to go back to work tomorrow to get some rest . 
is very proud of his kids in school -- one finishing up and one getting ( re)started . 
thinks one of the best things about working for the Army is that I get federal holidays off ! 
is excited about Thanksgiving and having the whole family here ! 
is stuffed ! We had a great Thanksgiving feast and also celebrated Christmas with the whole family . It has been wonderful so far and still going on . 
Thinks he may ctually get through tonight's opening , now that he has gone to the chiropractor . My back is MUCH better today . 
doesn't like the fact that the heat in his office isn't working properly . No one else on the team does , either ! It's COLD in here !!! 
is glad it's Friday . 
checked the thermometer early this morning ... 1.1 degrees at my house . On the way to work , it warmed to a balmy 6 degrees while taking me 30+ minutes to get through the gate . 
According to weather.com, it has warmed all the way up to 12 degrees now ( about 11:30 ) . At this rate , we'll be breaking out the swim suits before long ! 
is feeling really poorly . Don't know how long I will stay at work today ... 
thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes . And I do feel a little better , too . Not great , but better . So many birthday wishes are truly humbling and really make me feel special . Thanks ! 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes and for making my birthday so memorable . Had a great time at the party last night , even if I didn't really feel very well . 
is enjoying a very quiet morning not having to go to work ! 
is helping show < PROPMALE > the NORAD < PROPFEMALE > tracker ... 
wishes everyone a wonderfully holy and joyous < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
We're planning a late afternoon/early evening dinner at the < PROPFEMALE > Rover Pub in Louisville , then a quiet New Year's < PROPFEMALE > at home . 
just looked at the outside thermometer -- 5.6 degrees . Crap , that's cold ! 
Please keep my brother and his family in your prayers . He had an ATV accident yesterday , suffered a skull fracture and multiple facial fractures . I don't know any more than that right now , but will post updates as I get them . 
I just hear from my sis-in-law . My brother is in no immediate danger , just a lot of pain . He has a skull fracture and orbital fractures . He'll have to have surgery but we don't know what yet . Special thanks to the motorist who found him and got help . ( He was crossing a road on his ATV . ) His wife is heading back to Birmingham for the afternoon visiting hours and will stay there . ( They live in Montgomery . ) 
An update my niece sent concerning my brother :\ 
\ 
Update on dad : he's doing well -- stable . His head has finally started to hurt ( surprise ! ) as last night it was mostly his back from being on the board for so long . They've given him pain meds and are letting him sleep ( good sign ! ) Surgery is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday . \ 
Thanks to everyone for all the thoughts and prayers . 
Latest update from my niece :\ 
Dad is settled in new room , but he let the pain get a little too bad , so they're trying to manage it now with Lortab and more Morphine . He told Mom on the phone ( she's still iced-in ) that the anesthesiologist said his surgery was scheduled for tomorrow EVENING . 
Update : My brother went into surgery within the last hour . No word on how long to expect the surgery to last . 
My brother is out of surgery . His facial fractures were in good shape to heal as they were , so they only had to stint his broken nose . Much better than we'd hoped ! He'll be in recovery for a couple of hours before family can see him . \ 
Thanks to my niece , MarJean , for posting the update . 
My niece reports her dad is back in his room now and finally allowed to drink some water . ( I suspect he would prefer a beer . ) His wife and son are also there , so things are looking better . The surgery was much less than expected . 
It's official . I am officially tired of cold , snow , and winter already and fully anticipating spring . 
Update on my brother from MarJean :\ 
Apparently , they had to set his jaw in surgery yesterday , too , but otherwise it's just the stint for his nose , which will have to be removed in a couple of weeks . They are going to try to get him up and start some physical therapy today , and they won't release him until his pain is managed , so they are thinking another ... couple of days since he's in a lot of pain . 
Life Lesson : Before buying a new couch , MEASURE to make sure it will fit where you want it . ow we have to rearrange to get everything in the living room properly . 
Just got my new car -- a 2011 Hyundai Sonata Limited . It's pretty spiffy ! 
I woke up with Solveig's song in my head . That has now been replaced with our overture -- a song by < PROPMALE > Waits . I guess I am finally getting into Peer Gynt . It's about time ! 
The snow is so pretty . I wish it would ( 1 ) stop falling and ( 2 ) go away . I do like it but I am officially already ready for spring ! 
I really wish shows on TV would stop using ringing door bells . < PROPFEMALE > barks every time . 
Crap , it got cloudy again . I was enjoying the sunshine . 
finally feels relatively good and somewhat confident about Peer Gynt . Three more rehearsals may get us there . Come see it at the PAC next weekend . 
Have I ever mentioned how much I LOVE payroll taxes ? No ? There is a good reason . 
Thanks to all the FB friends who have reminded me that the snow is pretty . But I'm about prettied out for this winter . 
Had a pretty good run-through of Peer Gynt tonight -- not perfect by any means -- but good . It's a bit strange , but come out and see it if you are in the area . It plays this weekend at the PAC . 
I forgot to take it easy with my voice last night during rehearsal , so I am hoarse again this morning . MUST remember tonight ! 
Hello , Sunshine , nice to see you again . 
Good opening of Peer Gynt last night . Come see it at the HCS PAC tonight at 7:00 or tomorrow at 3:00 . 
Gearing up for the final iteration of Peer Gynt . It has been immense fun but I'm happy to be getting my life back . 
Peer Gynt and the subsequent cast party are complete . All in all , a very satisfying experience . 
Home safely . It was good to visit family . Love how my car handles on the highway . 
A cold front and more snow today ? Really ? 
OK , let's stop all this snow crap . Yes , I get it -- it's very pretty . How about some sunshine ? That's pretty too ! 
Scrambled eggs , sausage , grits , and biscuits for supper were great . 
I'm TIRED of all this snow ! 
Our days -- i.e. , sunlight -- are lengthening by 2-3 minutes a day . I sure hope that means we will see more DIRECT sunlight and fewer clouds , too . A little warmth might be nice , as well . 
Great opening for Leading Ladies . Come on out for some laughs . Call 351-0577 for tix or information . 
Not yet 10:30 and the temperature is already creeping above freezing . This looks like it might turn out to be a good day ! 
For < PROPFIRST>'s Day , post a photo of you and your < PROPFIRST > , and tell how long you've been together . < PROPFIRST > and I started dating a little over 40 years ago ( we were 3 and 5 at the time ) and have been married almost 39 years . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Mars . The loss of a comic master . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > leave for their cruise on Saturday , so the week of wild parties begins then ! Maybe I'll get my hair dyed . HAH ! We all know it will be tomb-ly quiet around my house . 
Just got a call from someone interested in my Subaru . Woohoo ! That didn't take much time -- I just put it on the lot on Thursday night . 
Sold my Subaru ! 
Just got < PROPFIRST > a new phone and it works with the Bluetooth in my car . I may have to get myself one . 
FRUSTRATION ! 2 days ago we upgraded < PROPFIRST>'s phone . I checked it with the Bluetooth in my car and it worked fine , so I went back tonight to get myself the same phone . Can't get it to work with the car's Bluetooth ! May have to resort to reading the book ... 
OK , not only did I get my new phone to work with the Bluetooth , but I also figured out my old one did too . I had been trying to do the voice commands wrong . SHEESH ! May go back to the old phone because I like it better . Good thing the new one just cost me $1.00 ! 
Got < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > home safe and sound . It's good to have them home again . < PROPFEMALE > thinks so , too . 
Everyone beware . Just heard there is a new FB scam concerning < PROPFIRST > Sheen's death . It's a scam and contains a virus . Don't click on it . 
