Your Reputation is what people think of you . Your Character is what GOD thinks of you . You can't focus on where you're going until u forget where u been and forget doesn't mean fail to remember but it means \no longer to be influenced or effected by\ " . HAPPY NEW YEAR FB FAM . MAY U WIN IN 2010 ! Much luv to u all . " 

Living Life to the fullest and Thankful that God finds favor in me . Got offered my Dream job 2day with a awesome salary and a nice sign on bonus . I know GOD is good to me and I know where my blessings come from . Much Love to u all and GO LAKERS !!!!! 
Mo B bout to pick us up in the Limo and take us to his B-day party . So u all have and good night and I'll get with u all later got to go get in Diva status . 
Really feeling overwhelmed about my current situation and not enjoying it very much but trying to keep my eyes on Jesus to not let my situation control me but let go and let GOD . 
I'm playing over and over scriptures in my head that encourage me and cause me to keep my head held high and focus on the Lord . Thank u Jesus for your word . 
God has no end because he is ETERNITY and he steps out of ETERNITY into time to give us something to measure ourselves by . Saying that ; make good use of the time you have here on earth because he gave his life so we could have time . 
I asked GOD to make my spirit grow and he said NO cause you must grow on your own , but I will prune u to make u fruitful . I asked for all things that I might enjoy life , He said No . I will give u life so that you may enjoy all things . Last I asked GOD to 
Let Go and Let GOD . GOD has a way of showing YOU who He is . 
The way to a Full and Happy life is to get our eyes off ourselves and live for others . Jesus was a good example of not thinking of himself but thinking of others . I challenge all to think about somebody else today and put u aside and give a gift of Kindne 
It doesn't really matter who you are- whether you feel qualified or unqualified , whether you feel up to the task or not ; the point is that GOD is going to be there . Not that you are not competent to claim anything for yourselves but your competence comes 
Is thanking GOD I don't have to be in P'cola long because finding a job right now is Hideous . Thank Goodness I'm in GOD'S Favor and I put all my trust in him cause I would be a depressed woman right now if I wasn't . 
Is blessed and Thankful to see another day and spirits are running like water today and feeling like FIRE . Have a blessed and wonderful day my FB Fam . Much Love . 
I rebuke u DEVIL in the name of JESUS and I command you to move today . You will not be successful here . AMEN . 
Is in old Skool mode listening to < PROPFIRST>'s 85-89 music playlist . Oh my goodness what a time . Would do it all over again . Thanx for reminding me . 
JUST at PEACE 
God makes a promise ; Faith believes it , Hope anticipates it , < PROPFEMALE > quietly awaits it . The Lodrd is Faithful to all his promises and loving toward all he has made . Psalm 145:13 
Let go and Let GOD have his way and just stand back and watch him go . 
Want my FB Family to think about something ; The will of GOD is what we would do for ourselves if we had enough sense and because he is concerned in what we do , He will make His will known to us all we have to do is Humble ourselves and LISTEN . Have a bles 
Real Praise is acknowledging that GOD has it all in control . STOP being a border line Christian and whatever you soweth you shall also reapeth . Pray my FB family that the Lord helps us to Digest all that comes your way . Good night all and Have a Blessed a 
I am Mentally motivated by the Love of Jesus and Spiritually blessed because he Loves me despite my shortcoming and faults . With that said \No Weapon for against me shall prosper It won't work . Have a blessed and wonderful afternoon my FB family . Much luv " 
When u have a setback , Don't Stepback ! GOD is preparing u for and Ultimate Comeback . I pray for all my FB family tonight that GOD opens up the doors of Heaven and shower Blessings upon you . Good night and I send much luv to you all . 
Wondering why I got baby Daddy drama somebody tell me when did the tables turn . 
Our brain in consider GOD'S substation which is our unconscious part . What we consciously believe to be true , our unconscious mind accepts as fact . What it accepts as fact , it seeks to < PROPFEMALE > out in our bodies . 
It is by the means of your Brain that GOD can make himself available to you and it is called FAITH . Our Brain is the source of what we know but GOD is the source you need to do all things . Much Love my FB Fam . 
I always listen to the things people say and I have come to the conclusion that we as a people really don't have Faith in GOD like we say . Complaining about what u don't have , want or < PROPFEMALE > don't cut it and asking GOD for it and not believing he will give it to you don't cut it either . Why don't you think about what have YOU done for him lately . Don't expect him to bless you and you don't give him anytime . 
I want to give my FB family something to think about . Grumbling over GOD'S generosity is not your place . He doesn't owe you nothing you owe him . Don't serve him with the wrong motives , don't negotiate his generosity , stop making contracts with him cause some of us is asking for nickles and he wants to give us 20's just summit yourself and Trust him even when u can't track him . Have a blessed and wonderful Day all . 
Dear FB Family I just wanted to say Hello and good evening and that I pray for you all more than I pray for myself because as you all share your lives with us all I feel all the emotions that's coming through him and I would like to say right now I rebuke the devil in every area of all your lives and I command you to move they can not be defeated . I claim victory in the name of JESUS amen . Much Love 2 u all nite nite 
Good morn FB Fam . < PROPFEMALE > thought it would b a good idea if all of us that live in Pcola get together 4 a potluck bring our Fams and have a good time . Now we all should come up w/a time and place to do this . So if u like the idea start shooting suggestions out and we all can come to an agreement about it . Well have a Blessed and Wonderful day all . 
Thinking about what GOD has in store for me and my girls next . I am just so excited about what is about to take place and I'm also wondering why Jenori haven't called me back yet you know I'm anxious to know what happen . 
Good morning FB Family ! Hope you all have a blessed and wonderful day today . Smile and just say thank u Jesus no matter what u faced with today . Be blessed all . 
Satan is in the business of stealing us of our Spiritual Treasures and those Treasures are things that have value to GOD(YOU ) and are of eternal significance . Stand up and fight for those Treasures and put the devil under your feet . Have a good evening my FB Family about to head out to a Fight Party . Nite Nite all !!!! 
As I sit here scrolling thru the FB it so awesome to read so many of you all putting GOD first in your lives and giving him thanks for his many blessings . I am overjoyed w/happiness for you all . I leave you with this GOD is drawn to prayer he delights in our communion with him . Prayer releases his Blessings into our lives . Have a blessed and wonderful day all . Much LOVE . 
Do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about its own things , Sufficient for the day is its own trouble . Everyone who keeps on asking receives ; and he who keeps on seeking finds ; and to who keeps knocking , the door will be opened . Have a blessed and wonderful day tomorrow my FB family . Much love to you all . 
Weekness means : Power under control . Because GOD is concerned in what we do , He will make His will known to us and when we understand that GOD'S method of acomplishing His plan & purpose is PEOPLE , we can begin to understand our role in the kingdom of GOD . Be Blessed FB Fam and have a good and joyous weekend . 
Just left out of a very important business meeting with my new job . Heard some good things and not so good things . I ask that all the Prayer Warriors on FB keep this company in your prayers . MC&F Foundations . Have a blessed and wonderful day all . Much Luv . 
Time is coming up for the move to < PROPFEMALE > and I'm getting nervous . I'm also thinking how dum I was to let ex husband have everything but oh well it's done . LOL Well new beginnings are good and I'm just gonna make the best of it with GOD'S help and guidance . 
Thanking GOD for finding favor on me . Received my job offer letter today which contained an awesome salary and a wonderful bonus . Administrative Assistant of MC&F Foundations I now am . Thank you JESUS . 
When GOD is blessing you Satan has no feelings or sympathy for that . He'll rip u off everday , every week and all year cause that's his diabolical work . So I say stand your ground and let go and let GOD handle his business . FAITH !!! Have a blessed and wonderful day my FB Fam . Much Love . 
I know some of you are going thru some things but remember the Favor of GOD is upon you and he's looking out for you . You might feel there is no way out but GOD has the final say . I claim VICTORY for you all and I shall continue to stay on my knees for you all . Have a Blessed and wonderful day my FB Fam . Much Love . 
He giveth POWER to the Faint ; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength . Even the youths shall faint and be weary , and the young men shall utterly fall : But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run , and not be weary ; and they shall walk , and not faint . God Bless all my FB Fam . Much Love 
Be kindly affectioned 1 to another w/brotherly love ; in honour preferring 1 another ; not slothful in business ; fervent in spirit ; serving the Lord ; rejoicing in hope ; patient in tribulation ; continuing instant in prayer ; distributing to the necessity of saints ; givento hospitality . Bless them which persecute you : bless , and curse not . Romans 12:10 -14 Have a blessed and wonderful day all . Much Love . 
Why do women that have insecurities bother other women about being friends with there man . Just be secure about your relationship with him and leave me alone . 
Be Thankful for what u have . Think differently and Positively . When Life gives u 100 reasons to cry , show Life u have 1000 reasons to SMILE . Face your past w/o regrets & handle your Present w/CONFIDENCE . Keep your Faith . Much Love FB Fam . 
Feeling a need to ask all of FB Fam that believe in the POWER of Prayer to Pray for 1 another today . GOD blesses those who realizes their need for him and GOD blesses those who r persecuted for living for him . FB Fam we need him in our Lives . Much LOVE to u all . 
GM FB Fam . Haters are someone who is jealous and envious and spends all their time trying to make u look small so they can look tall . They r very negative people to say the least . Nothing is ever good enough fo them !!! Do U know some haters ? PRAY FOR THEM . Have a Blessed and Wonderful Day FB Fam . Much LUV to u all . 
Part 2 to HATERS . Watch out for the HATERS ..... but most importantly don't become a HATER !!! Cause when GOD gives you FAVOR , you can tell your HATERS , Don't look at me .... Look at who is in charge of me . Bless u all FB Fam gn . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL MY FB FAM . Have a blessed and wonderful Christmas . Thank GOD for what we have today and let's just give him a little praise and shout for Loving us the way he does cause there's nothing like it . I'm in Love w/JESUS , are u ? Much Love to all of u . 
A Purpose is having a clear sense of what GOD has called you to be . Your Purpose is not defined by what others think about you but what GOD thinks about you . 
Jesus never will leave you in a situation because He has the Power to get you out . He will step in your story and flip the script . HAPPY NEW YEAR to all my FB Fam . Peace , Love , Happiness , Joy and Change for 2011 :-) 
Final point with HATERS . When you make your < PROPFIRST > , you will always attract some HATERS ..... That's why u have to be careful who u share your blessings with & your dreams with , cause some folks just can't handle seeing other people blessed . Have a blessed and wonderful day FB Fam . Much Luv . 
WORRY is a warning light that you have stop looking to GOD as your source . GOD never dries up ; if he turns off one channel , he can turn on another one . Instead of looking around , get in the habit of looking up . Every good and perfect gift comes from above . Have a Blessed and Wonderful weekend FB Fam . Much Luv . 
Because GOD is concerned in what we do , He will make His will known to us . Pslams 32:8 says \I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go ; I will counsel you and watch over you\ " . Psalms 48:14 also says \ " For this GOD is our GOD forever and ever ; He will be our guide even to the end\ " . Let go and Let GOD !! Have a blessed day FB Fam . Much Luv " 
It is comfronting to know that in the mist of your turmoil that u can breathe and just sit back and watch GOD move and do what he does best . WORK IT OUT ! 
Though I have had my share of Love abused , manipulating and it's strength misused but through it all I can't help but to give GOD < PROPFEMALE > when I think about my story and I know he favored me because my enemies did try but couldn't triumph over . Have a HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to all my FB Fam . Much Luv . 
If GOD is dead , who listens and answers prayers ? If GOD is dead , who keeps night & day apart ? If GOD is dead , who can mend a broken heart ? If GOD is dead , show me where his body lies . I'm glad I know he lives and he lives in me . Where is your FAITH in GOD . Have a Blessed and Wonderful Fri and Weekend FB Fam . Much Luv . 
“I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” 
Thankful to the almighty for finding Favor and blessing me with some of his Anyhow GRACE . Thank you to all my family , friends and those special someone's for the LOVE the u show me and your support . Have a Blessed and Wonderful Day FB FAM . Much Luv 
GOD will use your Haters as your Elevators cause when GOD has u on a winning streak U will attract Haters & Hateration because if u r bout something their r those who aint bout nothing who will attack your something . Have a Blessed and Wonderful Friday FB Fam . 
If u aint been nowhere then u become afraid of somebody who's going somewhere because they show u up for what u aint . Don't be afraid to step outside your box . 
Trouble will upset what you are use to so GOD can bump u into what he has called u to do(run into ) . Have a Blesses evening FB Fam . 
Every now and then GOD has to CRUSH us to get out of us what is already in us . Then we have to go thru a process of wait . Have a Blessed & Wonderful Day FB Fam . Much Luv all . 
Prayer does not cause FAITH to work , but FAITH cause prayer to work . Have a Blessed & Wonderful weekend FB Fam . Much Luv . 
GOD can use TROUBLE in your life as your ride to your destination . Why would GOD burn U when he paid the price for U & made U . If he let's U burn that would make him look bad . GOD just needs U to hold on cause he's just tryin to get your wrinkles out . Much Luv FB Fam . 
Don't let yo Anger & Disappointments STOP u from forgiving because when u stand to Pray and u hav anything against any1 , forgive them . Then your Father in heaven will forgive your sins also . < PROPFIRST > 11:25 . Don't Hinder your Blessings !!! FORGIVE . Much Luv FB FAM . 
GOD will supernaturally provide no matter what the need . Every Blessing comes from GOD and he Blesses us so that we can be a Blessing to someone else he didn't call us to be HOARDERS . Blessings to u and yours FB Fam . Much Luv . 
FB Fam I'm still excited about your futures because what's coming for You & Me is better than what has been . GOD GET'S THE FINAL WORD . Have a Blessed Day all . Much Luv . 
Finding out someone's true feelings towards u can sometimes give a BIG SHOCK to your heart but the good news is It's there loss and not yours . Pick up a keep on stepping to bigger and better things . Have a Blessed Sunday evening FB Fam . Much Luv . 
The Lord's hand is not shortened , that it cannot save , Nor is his ear heavy that he cannot hear , but your sin's have seperated you from your GOD . < PROPMALE > 59:1 -2 . If u going thru and u feel he's not listening evaluate yourself and go back to him again . Have a Blessed Day FB Fam . MUCH LUV . 
Even though the situation is wearing u out GOD is still on the THRONE , and with that in mind there is still HOPE . Be < PROPFEMALE > and sit back and watch GOD move . 
GOD sees the best in you . If you allow the Holy Spirit to control what you speak , you will be a blessing to others as well as produce good fruit in your lives . SPEAK blessings into existance for yourself and others . SHARE YOUR FAITH . Be Blessed 2day FB Fam Much Luv . 
' To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did . ' When God takes something from your grasp , He's not punishing you , He's merely opening your hands to receive something better . ' The will of God will never take you where the grace of God will not protect you . Have a Blessed Day FB Fam . Much Luv 
Be careful How u point your finger at people because u are in the Church , because the things u think are way behind you are right on your tail . Have a Blessed & Wonderful Day FB Fam Much Luv . 
Fortitude-the ability to confront fear , pain , risk/danger , uncertainty or itimidation . \FAITH\ " is the answer . Have a Blessed Sunday FB Fam Much Luv . " 
If u are wit something u aught to have enough in you to show some sign of it . The Question today is \WHO YAH WIT\ " ? Have a JOYOUS day FB Fam . Much Luv " 
I have had a challenging 2 weeks and I want to say Thank you to My Heavenly Father for his strength and Thank you to all the prayers and support from u all . I would also like to send special Love to those that went beyond wit there support , you know who u are . Have a JOYOUS Day FB Fam . Much Luv . 
We as Family , Friends , associates , or whatever category u want to put the people in your life in , we need to be encouraging to them and stop being Haters and Judges and just LOVE them unconditionally . You only get out of any relationship what u put in it . GOD Bless U FB Fam . Much Luv . 
Hello FB Fam all the things that I have read about < PROPFIRST > , all the things that have been shared with me my response to all who lives he touched is PAY IT FORWARD . Practice in your life the legacy he left in his treatment of all he Loved and adored . I pray that we all can express that SMILE he's known for and show the LOVE to all we we come in contact with . Let's strive to be better people . Much Luv 
Thinking , Thinking , Thinking and more Thinking about what's important in my life and who and what I can do to make it all work together for his good . Solution is just Let go and Let GOD handle it all and just follow what he tells me to do . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB FAM much luv . 
Praise is one of the most important things we can do as a believer . It is not an option but a command . Praise is what invites GOD into your situation . Have a most JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Love to all . 
Lord I want to Thank You for Blessing me with so many wonderful Ladies in my Life and I want to tell them all I Love You and Happy < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > Day and the same to all my FB MOMS as well . JENORI , TSELANE , TYISCHA , < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > , DAPHANIE , < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > , TRICHELLE , AUNT < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > , AUNT < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > , < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > , < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > AND < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . U ALL R IRREPLACEABLE . 
We have been taught that we should put some money a side in case of a rainy day but not only is that important and smart but we also need to make sure we have a Spiritual Reserve also because having that extra cash doesn't fix all probs . FB FAM put in your time with GOD . Much Love to all . 
You may feel that GOD is only pleased with you is when your reading your Bible , praying , going to Church or sharing your Faith but know that GOD enjoys watching every detail of your earthly life as well . Just remember to give him the PRAISE through the GOOD & the BAD . Much Love FB FAM . 
THINK DIFFERENTLY & POSITIVELY . When life gives you 100 reasons to CRY , show life that you have 1000 reasons to SMILE . Face your PAST w/o regrets & handle your PRESENT with confidence . Keep the FAITH and loose the fear . Much Luv FB Fam . 
To My Sister , My Bestfriend and My Better Half . GOD saw fit today to give you Peace and called you home to be with him . We shared laughs , hugs , kisses , bad times , so many good times but most of all Unconditional Love for one another . My Heart cries and hurt for you but JOY in knowing you dwell with our Father in Heaven brings a SMILE to my face . I LOVE YOU and I will truly Miss My Better Half . 
QUAUVA means to look to a greater source to have your needs met & with that said WAIT , I say , on the LORD !!!! Have a JOYOUS DAY FB FAM Much Luv to all . 
There is a BLESSING when you WAIT on GOD because all you could ever ask for GOD has your portion . ( BE < PROPFEMALE > ) Blessings FB FAM . 
To all Men and Women who will read this ... U look the most Handsome & Beautiful to GOD when your face is tore up with PRAISE !!! Have a Blessed and Wonderful weekend FB Fam . Much Love . 
GOD is LIGHT & His WORD is LIGHT . The LIGHT exposes the enemy & tares away the DARKNESS . Let Your LIGHT shine . Have a JOYOUS 4th of July FB Fam . Much Luv 
I'm a Full Figured Lady that have plenty of confidence & no self esteem probs but I do know how to compliment my size and bring positive attention with that said just cause they make it in our size doesn't mean we should wear it . Have a Blessed Day FB Fam . 
If there's anything good in your life it came from GOD !! No 1 can meet all your needs , some needs only GOD can meet . Don't confuse the channel with the source . Channels are : work , bank accounts , people , cars etc ...... and GOD IS THE SOURCE . GN FB FAM . 
Only Believers shout about something that hasn't even took place yet . Get Your Praise On !!! Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Luv . 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest ... Nor do I have the perfect body ... I might not be your firstchoice ... But I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone else ... Cause I am too Good at being Me ... I might not be proud of some of the things I've done ... But ... I am proud of who I am today ... Take me as I am ... or WATCH ME AS I GO !!! I see it as YOUR LOST next man GAIN . Much Luv FB Fam . 
GOD can take your Persecution that others bring upon you and make a Blessing out of it . Have a Blessed & Happy Friday FB Fam GOOD NITE . Much Luv 
Though I have been talked about , criticized , mistreated , rejected , lied on , cheated on , abused and all other things . The DEVIL is a LIAR and I Bind him in the NAME OF JESUS . I'm still holding on to GOD'S Hand because He Loves me and Favors me . Have a Blessed Sunday evening FB Fam . Much Love :) 
I was truly blessed by the Revival at St. John Devine this week and I can truly say Pastor Guns showed up and showed out all 3nights and I'm Thankful that I was a part of that blessing . Have a Blessed Day FB Fam . Much Luv 
Why would GOD burn U when he paid for you and made you . If he let's u burn that would make him look bad . He hasn't forgotten u ; he just needs u to hold on because He just trying to get your wrinkles out . Have a JOYOUS Friday FB Fam . Much Luv . 
Don't MASTER misery , cause if you don't then GOD will give you a disposition that will make you ATTRACTIVE for your future and it's possibilities . Have a Blessed & Joyous Sunday FB Fam . Much Love 
You have to approach the devil with CONFIDENCE that you possess the POWER of GOD & let him know \I am a Child of GOD and Bind him out of your life in the NAME of JESUS . Have a Joyous Day FB Fam . Much LOVE all :) " 
\Thank GOD for the Devine Broom\ " only He can sweep out your closet . Have a Blessed evening FB Fam . Much Love :-) " 
GOD promises us a door that no one else can CLOSE cause when he starts something in your or your life he will finish it . Have a Blessed & Wonderful start of the week FB Fam . 
If u don't know your WORTH , How do u expect somebody else too ?? GOD knew u was worth his son's LIFE so let that be your starting point . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam :-) 
Though we don't have to give animal sacrifices anymore for the forgiveness of our sins , GOD'S still looking for them by the giving of ourselves to him spiritually . Have a Blessed & Joyous Friday FB Fam . Much Love . 
Everything has a lesson in it . We need to be a student in the development of our minds , bodies & souls because if you don't learn the lesson your going to continue to experience the same things until you past the class . Enjoy the rest of your weekend FB Fam . 
Sometimes I wish I didn't have feelings then I wouldn't have to worry about them being hurt or played wit but reality kicks back in(SCREAMING ) Calgon take me away . 
You have to be CAREFUL with whom you share your BLESSINGS & your DREAMS with , cause some folks can't handle seeing other people BLESSED . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Love to you all :-) 
When GOD gives you FAVOR , you can tell your HATER'S , \Don't look at me ..... Look at who is in CHARGE of ME\ " but most of all don't become a HATER !! Have the most JOYOUS weekend my FB Fam . Much Love all " 
When YOU start acting like GOD'S child he will come and give you whatever you < PROPFEMALE > & asked of Him because he is Your FATHER first . Have a Blesses Day FB Fam . Much Luv :) 
When you don't know what your FUTURE is you don't know what to do with your PRESENT which makes your pass look more ATTRACTIVE . Have a JOYOUS FRI FB Fam . 
Through having a prayer life and developing your relationship with GOD you shall no longer be a secret to yourself . Have a JOYOUS SUNDAY FB Fam Much Luv :-) 
PRAYER produces moments of revelation because you know who u was created to be & u < PROPFEMALE > will get stuck in any place cause u know it's only part of your purification & not your permanent arrival . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
Look back and thank God . Look forward an trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! \ God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Just ask Him & have FAITH . " 
GOD does his best creative work in the mist of your HELL . REJOICE !!!!!! Have a Blessed and wonderful Day FB Fam . Much Luv ;-) 
Just want to thank GOD for always finding Favor in me & for loving me when no one else does & being my friend , my lover , my strength and just my plain everything . Thank you my FATHER !!! Have a JOYOUS day FB Fam . Much Luv 
Never take anyone for granted cause you might wake up on day and realize that you have lost DIAMONDS while you were busy collecting STONES . Have a Blessed evening FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
If you don't DRAG yourself to GOD then your flesh will DRAG you to HELL . Have a Blessed evening FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
If You are a SINNER in any shape , form or fashion no matter your definition . YOU qualify to be BESTFRIENDS with JESUS . Have a JOYOUS DAY today . Much Luv 
GOD makes a PROMISE ; FAITH believes it , HOPE anticipates it , < PROPFEMALE > quietly awaits it . The Lord is FAITHFUL to all His PROMISES and LOVING toward ALL HE has made . Psalms 145:13 Have a Blesses Day FB Fam !! Much Luv :-) 
Just when you think GOD isn't listening to your prayers or knows your deepest thought he shows up to remind you just who he is . Thank You my FATHER for listenening . Have a Blessed evening FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
If you are going thru right now , TODAY is the day that you receive a BLESSING that the Devil in Hell CAN'T STOP . He is already defeated so GET YO PRAISE ON !!!! Have the most JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
MOM !!... i love you < PROPFEMALE > much .. uhh when you get on facebook and see this don't yell at me , just embrace it as me explaining how much i'm happy your my mom in my own ways of explaining .. there is a sublimenal ( spell check ) message in here somewhere .. lolz .. but yea i love you MUCH :) 
\DECLARE YOUR OWN VICTORY\ " Your current situation does not dictate where you are going to end up . Have a Blessed & Wonderful Wed . Much Luv FB Fam :) " 
GM FB FAM :-) Headed to < PROPFEMALE > on business then a little pleasure . Yall behave yourselves and I'll hit yall up when I get back Next Thurs until then remember JESUS is the reason we BREATH . Have a Blessed & Wonderful weekend . Much Luv ;-) 
Thanking my Father today & everyday for finding Favor in me . I have let things go , acquired some new things and have excepted somethings to be what they are . I'm at PEACE !! The enemy will not and shall not have my JOY . Much Luv FB Fam !! Have a Blessed & Joyous Day ;-) 
If you are a sore LOSER and you hate being a part of the losing team let me suggest you join the WINNING team of JESUS where you are always a WINNER . Never a losing SEASON . Have a Blessed Day FB FAM Much Luv :) 
Having a relationship with GOD will give you a SWAGGER !! Be Blessed my FB FAM 
Striving for Excellence , Fame & Fortune is what we r taught 2 be a Success but I beg the differ , Striving 2 be our FATHER'S Friend is the ULTIMATE SUCCESS and all the rest will follow . Enjoy the rest of your day FB FAM . Much Luv :-) 
I share with you today that I THANK my FATHER above for removing things , people and situations out of my life where I was blinded . He Loves me HALLELUJAH !!! Had an eye opening weekend BUT GOD ......... Have a Joyous Day FB Fam :-) 
No Matter what you are going thru right now you are still STANDING because of HIS GRACE & MERCY on your life . Show some appreciation by letting him have HIS way in all areas of your life cause HE WON'T FAIL ..... Be Blessed FB FAM . Much Luv 
Fellas help me with a question . What is a guy saying when he wants you to play the girlfriend role but don't want to commit but has the nerve to be mad & jealous when you go on dates ? 
Getting ready for my Blessings and Miracles cause GOD has my name on them all . I Love being one of his children and Having his Favor . Have a Blessed & Joyous Day my FB Fam . Much Love :) 
Evaluating People , Places & Things and what stays depends on if you get a SUPERIOR grade or not . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Love :) 
GOD will use your STORM as a sidewalk into your situation and He will show up and CLOCK IN . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam . Much Love :) 
A PURPOSE is having a clear sense of what GOD'S has called you to be . Remember that your PURPOSE is not defined by what others think about you but what GOD thinks of YOU . Enjoy the rest of your day FB Fam . Much Luv :) 
There comes a time in your LIFE when no one , nothing , or anything can SATISFY your need and the answer to that is \Oh taste and see that the LORD is good ; Blessed is the MAN who trust in Him ! \ " Psalm 34:8 Enjoy the rest of your day FB Fam :) " 
Today has been Blessed beyond Measures and I want to tell Everybody Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the B-Day wishes . I am truly touch . Much Luv :D 
Worry & stress is a Warning Light that you have stop looking or need to start looking to GOD as your source . He NEVER DRIES UP . Have a Blessed & Filled Day FB Fam :) 
I have a HEART to Love you , A MIND to get to know you , A SOUL to connect to you and a BODY to < PROPFEMALE > you . All that I don't know TEACH me . Have a Blessed & Fulfilled Day FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
Never Miss an opportunity to make others happy , even if you have to leave them alone to do it . Have a JOYOUS weekend FB Fam :-) 
When you start acting like His Child , He will come and give you whatever your heart desires ; because He is your Father first . There is nothing off limits that you can't ask our Father for . Duetoronomy 28 Have a Blessed & Fulfilled Day FB Fam :-) 
The Will if GOD will never take you where the GRACE of GOD cannot Protect You . Much Love FB FAM :) 
Throughout the Bible God destroys Men & Young Men for there disobedience and not heeding to his word . Men & Young Men today What is your problem , your following in your for fathers footsteps . Will yall ever step up to the plate and proclaim your position that GOD gave you thousands of years ago . THINK ON IT and decide to Give your life back to JESUS because your becoming INSTINCT . Have a Blessed Friday FB FAM :) 
Be careful How you point your fingers at people because you are in the Church , things that you think are way behind you are right on your tail . Have a Joyous weekend my FB FAM Much Luv :-) 
If you want what GOD has you have to take it how HE give it . Have a Joyous Day FB Fam :-) 
Whom so much is given , much is required . GOD has Blessed you to be a Blessing to others . GOD gives Favor to those who plans on giving Favor back . Have a < PROPFIRST > CHRISTMAS my FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
All I can say is One of My Greatest Gift from Heaven is YOU :-) 
Take your hands off any and all situations that are going on in your life and let GOD put His hands on it cause He don't need your help , HE CAN HANDLE IT !! Have a Blessed & Fulfilled Day FB Fam :-) 
Ramah is a word taylored made for your situation or curcumstance . Expect a word from GOD cause He's speaking , He's just waiting on you to Hear & Listen . Enjoy the rest of your evening FB FAM . Much Luv :-) 
LOVE , What a word . I have had my share of the LOVE I give used & abused and at the end of the day though It hurts and your heart is heavy know that GOD is right there to pick you up and brush you off and lead you into your next season . I still will be standing Mi Simental . Have a Blessed & Joyous evening FB Fam :-) 
In between where you are and where you want to be would be a good time to Bless GOD and give him praise . 
GOD sees us from inside out and HE can untwist the twist in your life . Have a Blessed and Wonderful Day FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
GOD will take You as You are but HE won't leave You as YOU are . Have a Joyous Day FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
Come and Join me in 2011 . GOD is inviting us to a table of Blessings where the Lord Himself is the preparer cause He's the ULTIMATE SOURCE of our Provisions . Have a JOYOUS DAY FB Fam :-] Much Luv .. 
Having WISDOM is to fear the LORD and to depart from evil is having UNDERSTANDING . Have a Blessed evening FB Fam . Much Luv :-) 
If you keep GOD'S word at bay , keep it in a box or leave it on a shelf , You miss the enjoyment and delight of entering into a relationship with Him and listening to His voice in the pages of scriptures . Have a Joyous Day FB Fam !!! Much Luv :-] 
How do you handle your UNDERCOVER HATERS ? 1 . By knowing who you are & who your TRUE FRIENDS are . 2 . By Having purpose in your life and 3 . By remembering that what u have is by DIVINE prerogative & not by human manipulation . With that said Thank you Father for fighting my battles and giving me discernment of all I come in contact with . Have a stress free and fullfilled day FB Fam . Much Luv :-] 
When GOD gives you Favor you will always attract some HATERS .... That's why you should be careful who you share your Blessings & your dreams with cause some people just cant handle seeing other people Blessed and you can tell them HATERS , Don't look at ME ..... Look at WHO is in charge of ME !!! Have a Blessed Day FB Fam . 
A PURPOSE is having a clear sense of what GOD has called you to be & do . Your PURPOSE is not defined by what others think of YOU , it is only defined by what GOD thinks of YOU . YOU are HIS child & HE died to save your soul , so what does that tell YOU ??? Have a Blessed & Fulfilled Day FB Fam . Much Luv :-] 
In Ballroom dancing the man leads and all the woman has to do is trust him and follow and our walk with GOD is like that . The Leader He is and has the Hardest job , and He already knows all the steps !! All we need to do is gently place our hands on HIS strong shoulders , avoid looking at our own feet & Keep our eyes focused on HIM . Have a Joyous Day FB Fam . Much Luv :-] 
Walk in the Manifestation of answered prayers because His word says if you ask anything in my name , My father shall give it to you . GOD is not a liar , He can not Lie so start acting like His child and give him some PRAISE !!!! Have a Joyous Day FB Fam . Much Love :-] 
Lord I want to be a woman who listens to your voice . As I pray each day GOD I ask you to fill me afresh with Your Holy Spirit . Like an empty cup , I am ready to receive . May Your power fill every nook and cranny of my being and spill over to those with whom I come in contact with daily . AMEN Have a Fulfilled & Joyous Monday my FB Fam . Much Luv :-] 
Satan's goal is to convince us to circumvent GOD'S plan for our lives & accept a counterfeit plan . You don't have to outshout or outmuscle him to be free of his influence , you just have to outtruth him with your father's words . Enjoy the rest of your day FB Fam . Much Luv to all :-] 
I just want to say THANK YOU this Morning to my Father in Heaven for Finding Favor in his daughter , Blessing Me Daily , Filling me with His Fire Daily , for blessing me with the world's greatest parents , friends and children . I can't do nothing but SMILE ! I Love you My Father for Loving me & giving me some of your \ANYHOW GRACE\ " (Pastor < PROPFIRST>'s quote ) . Have a JOYOUS DAY my FB Fam . Much Luv :-] " 
An enemy is those who are working hard in close connection to you too keep you bound , but while they working hard GOD is working just as hard to BLESS YOU . Have a Blessed & Joyous evening FB Fam . Much Luv :-] 
