Another Saturday at home , Awesome . 

Entire Louisiana Centurytel DNS servers go down for most of the day ..... 
Can't wait for sunday , Eagles are gunna get destroyed ~ ~ 
One more day before the big Eagles smackdown ! 
Does anyone near VP go to a sports bar for saints games ? 
How bout dem Saints ?!? 
Finally stepping into the HiDef age today :D 
No clue what to do tonight =/ 
HEPL , NEED SOMETHING TO DO ! 
Whats dat ? Saints got a defense yea ! 
just woke up at midnight , no idea wtf happened .... 
Needs something to do this weekend other without missing the LSU and Saints games ! 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Coe pretending i have some beer ... 
Needs something to do ! 
is bored 
Black and Gold SUPERBOWL ! 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend for the Saints game , Who Dat !?!? 
Leaving early in the A.M. for < PROPFEMALE > to watch the Saints ! Who dat ? 
Well after coming back from the New Orleans Game which was awesome btw , I go to the eye doc and find out i'm pretty much blind and now wearing glasses for the first time in my life =/ 
Looking for a date to go on a cruise next fall , i don't want to go alone =/ 
Saints are going 19 and OHHHHHH ...... 
Can't wait for the game thursday ........ btw ~ Still looking for a date for a cruise next fall >:) 
or a date tomorrow ... whatever is fine by me =p 
Can't think of what my status is right now hrmm ... Who dat say dey gunna beat dem saints ? 
Already getting excited for the game tomorrow ... btw anyone with NFL network they have a special recap of the saints season so far tonight at like 8 or 9pm 
WHO DAT ? WHO DAT ? WHO DAT SAY DEY GUNNA BEAT DEM SAINTS ? NOT THE COWGIRLS ! 
Off to christmas < PROPFEMALE > with family then getting pumped to go down to < PROPFEMALE > and watch the Saints rip the Yuks a new one WHO DAT ! 
Started by < PROPFIRST > Ardoin ... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... or disasterous , LOL . 
Ok off to play some mind numbing game till i can fall asleep , good night all and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ALL ! 
All i want for Christmas is a Black and Gold SUPERBOWL ! 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > , sucks that they lost but still had a great time ! 
So the regular season is pretty much over , for the first time ever the Saints have the No . 1 Seed in the NFC ! 
Twenty Ten has a nice ring to it don't you think ? 
Updating status to updated cause i'm bored 
ALERT ALERT ---------- SINGLE AND TIRED OF IT PLEASE HELP --------- ALERT ALERT 
watching all the seasons of \24\ " again ... " 
So much for Global Warming ...... 
Rainbow ... 
Going sleep outside nekked tonight ! 
Need Female companionship on a cruise later this year , need to know soon !!! 
For those that care my new cell phone number is in my profile . 
Nothing to do on a sat night ... so bored 
Hell is literally freezing over tonight , < PROPFIRST > won a playoff game lol 
Can they ban my account for a weed profile pic ? =p 
Migraines suck 
anyone with centennial able to get facebook mobile to work ? =/ 
Heading to the dentist soon , yay for Nitrous Oxide ! 
Shot my M1 Garand today :D 
Can't wait till Saturday ....... 
finally got a good haircut , thanks tiji ! 
Need to go to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow for new glasses =/ 
WHO DAT ? 
DEUUUUUUUUUUUUUCE ...... Ready to rock out tonight and rock out tomorrow for the game WHO DAT ?! 
TODAY IS DA DAY ! WHO DAT !? 
BLACK AND GOLD SUPERBOWL ! 
Just two more W's , Who Dat ? 
Farewell Deuce , we will miss you ! 
So ready for Sunday , WHO DAT ? 
still doesn't know what to do this weekend besides watch the game ... 
Thinking about going to town and getting all my hair cut off , such a hard decision .... 
Ok it's on , after I don't know how long with long hair it's getting cut today ... Kinda nervous 
Cut all my hair off ... Now just need to find something to do tonight 
Such a boring night , at least I know Sunday will be eventful ! 
Really need something to do or i'm going to go crazy thinking about the game tomorrow ... 
Anything somewhat entertaining going on tonight ? going crazy here .. 
FINISH STRONG ! 
LET'S GET IT ON ! 
WHO DAT BABY ? BLACK AND GOLD SUPERBOWL !!! 
Still trying to let it sink in that the Saints are going to the Superbowl .. 
Looking for something to do ... 
Hit me up if someone has something fun to do Sat . Night ! 
Just a week away now ! 
Boredom is killing me 
Hell yes , LOST is back ! 
\Lost\ " is the best series ever made ! " 
I'm bored out of my mind , someone help ! 
2 days awake , time to sleep i think .. 
Hope I feel well enough to do something this weekend 
Is there any way to block those damn farmville or petville or whatever photo tags from showing up ?? 
Still sick ..... when will it end ?! 
So lonely ! 
Just got my Patriot Media Player in , time to watch some blurays :D 
Looks like i'll be staying up all night again .. 
Just got over the worst flu in memory , god I hate that feeling 
Got bored , so decided to go sight in my M1 Garand . 
Kiss me , I might be part < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It is a distance to travel ; from a woman's mouth to a man's ears . So I shall close the gap from now on . 
If anyone wants a custom pc built for them shoot me a text or message on here and i'd be glad to see what i can do for ya . 
Looking for something to do tonight , someone let me know what's going on ! 
Love me some Lost ! 
needs more friends 
I have nobody to go to the festival with D: 
I actually had a good time last night , one in the win column for me i guess =p 
Can't sleepl , so i'm watching \Snatch\ " the MOVIE " 
Snatch is probably one of the best movies ever made . 
3 phones from centennial and people still aren't getting my texts ... 
Time is running out on me finding someone to bring on a CRUISE =p 
Seriously im willing to bribe someone with a cruise lol 
Sucks being the only one awake at 3am ... 
If we don't have sex right now , the world is going to end . I swear . 
Gunna go outside before i drive myself crazy with boredom 
Back indoors , tired and hungry =/ 
Lookin for something to do this weekend ~ 
Another sleepless night for moi 
Headed to town , yay 
Wish i had something witty to say , but as usual i draw a blank . Hopefully tonight will be a good night ! 
Tonight was a very long and interesting night to say the least , ended up pretty damn good though ;) 
Aight i'm out to make a fool of myself and try to have some fun in the progress . 
Just woke up ! Had an awesome night last night with some very WEIRD friends :D 
Apparently my sense of humor sucks and just manages to piss people off , so I guess i'll just stop =p 
Week full of blood work and god knows what else in store for me , i'm so excited ... 
Who are the Saints going to pick ?! 
Oh god , < PROPFIRST > was chosen to be on the cover of Madden 11 
Fixing computers as usual ... 
I think i may be too tired to even look for something to do tonight . 
needs a haircut . 
Headed to vp to shave my head 
What should i do for my birthday this weekend ? 
Who wants to party this weekend for my bday ?! 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > in the am , but not for fun =/ 
On my way back from < PROPFEMALE > . Hate this drive ! 
My bday this weekend , will likely be at one of the rails if anyone wants to get me drunk and have their way with me ! 
K so I guess i'm headed to the rail tonight for my bday , feel free to drop by ! 
Need somewhere to go tonight ! 
At the rail chilling 
Need people at the rail ! 
Thanks for the bday wishes guys ! 
SSI hearing in a few hours , couldn't sleep as usual , pray for me please ... 
Just out of curiosity , does anyone have their FFL ? I want an AR-15 bad =p 
Been up for like 36 hours now ... 
Where to go tonight ? 
Where is everyone ?!? 
Never forget those that have fallen . 
Chillin , catching up with the FB world then gunna find something to do . 
Got sick just in time for the weekend , wonderful . 
Heading to the rail tonight 
Just woke up from like 20 hours of sleep , can't wait for the weekend ~ ~ 
Nobody ever likes or responds to my status updates , guess i'm not cool enough for facebook ! 
Feeling horrible as usual on a thursday night =/ 
this day needs to fastforward to night time 
anyone doing something early so i don't have to sit here bored ... 
Ended up having to get a ride home leaving my vehicle in mamou then remembered my meds were in the damn car so i had to use my brothers truck to drive back there and get them then locked his damn keys in the truck when i got back somehow .......... 
Weekend was pretty horrible , slept all day yesterday and not feeling much better today . Days like these I could live without 
hoping this week will be better than the last 
text me i'm bored ~ 
Sick , no going out for me tonight =/ 
I need to go out , but can't drive D: 
I guess if i can't say anything nice , I shouldn't say anything at all =p 
Aight i've been out of it for like a week now and not sure what's going on . Someone holla at ya boy and tell me what's up ! 
I need to learn to use photoshop so i can put this superbowl ring on my finger on the interwebz ! 
Yummy , < PROPFIRST > Link's beef jerky $$ 
I haven't been out in weeks and nobody has missed me ?! D: 
Serious question , where is mudfest at ? =p 
:DDDDD Found some synthetic stocks for my M1 . 30 cal that has a pistol grip and the option for sopmod ! 
August 10th ! madden 11 ~ 
Haven't gone out in about 4 weeks or so ... can't be sure and not starting tonight unfortunately 
Chillin listening to some music from Sr. year of high school , boy those were good times ... 
Heading to town for a haircut ~ life is so fun 
When you came in the air went out , and every shadow filled up with doubt . I don't know who you think you are , but before the night is through I wanna do bad things with you ... 
heading out tonight ~ 
Where to go ?! 
Just letting you all know I didn't die yet . 
Still alive just incase anyone was curious :D 
I know i've been MIA for quite a while , what have I missed ?! 
I can't take this heat anymore , I hate global warming ! 
I'm feeling so Short Pale and Handsome right now 
Feeling pretty good today ! 
Not having a driver's license can be quite irritating =/ 
Slept most of the day and now another night of nothingness to look forward to 
