hmmm .... 

Happy New Year !! :D 
Got to get this Senior Memory book done this weekend . So much fun going through old pictures to add to it . Man do I miss some of my old friends ... 
Today was my last day of High School :( So sad , I'm gonna miss it , but not the crowded halways :) I'll see everyone at graduation to say bye . I can't believe I graduate next week ... wow , time has flown by so fast . Next step college :) 
Can't wait to see The Last Airbender Movie tomorrow !!!! Super Excited !!!! Hopefully it's as good as the show . :) 
The Last Airbender effects and fighting were Awesome !!!! The acting and script were okay ...... still a good movie though ! Can't wait for the second and third movie !!! 
Sunburn -_- almost gone 
WOW ! I'm actually 18 now . . . . what more can I say to that except yay ! 
munching on Doritos :P 
Sitting in english class taking a break . . . . . . 
First week of college over ...... I can do this ! :) 
This Anatomy Quiz is gonna stress me out so bad I'm gonna start screaming in this library !!!!!!!!! Okay so I wouldn't do that , but I badly want to . Stupid biochemistry in Anatomy :P 
Okay , so am I the kind of person who would wait up until midnight to go to walmart and pick up a new game I've been waiting a year to come out in the U.S. or not ? . . . . . . . . YES ! :) To bad I have to be at school at 8:00 in the morning so I have to wait 12 more hours to pick it up :( but it will be mine at 12:30 tomorow ! 
Kingdom Hearts : Birth by Sleep will be in my hands in about twelve minutes ! Just twelve looonnnggg minutes then it is all mine ! :) 
Remember when Pluto was a planet ? Those were the days . :) 
Finally finished reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ! and watched the movie . Book ~ GREAT ! Movie ~ Ok . Now for Pascal to hurry up with The Girl Who Played with Fire ! :) 
\Some cultures are defined by their relationship to cheese . \"" 
Hakuna Matata ! 
is in a < PROPMALE > battle against master xehanort in the final episode of birth by sleep ! :D 
is in a < PROPMALE > battle against Vanitas ' lingering spirit in the final episode of birth by sleep ! :D 
I thought for sure that today would be the day , I just might get it , but no . Why ? What I have I done wrong ? The past two days have just been no good at all and today was supposed to make it better , but of course not , something really good just isn't alowed to happen to me . I just want to go home and immerse myself in a nice dream to make me forget all about these terrible moments in my life . v_v 
Studying for my lab practical . :) 
is so ready for a chik-fil-a sandwich right now . Only thirty more minutes then to the bookstore I go . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Timberlake performing hip hop songs on late night just made my day ! :D 
just made an ' A ' on her english paper !!! :) 
Going to the fair tomorrow !!!!! Super Excited !! Hopefully my favorite rides are gonna be there !!!!!!!! :)) 
Just got home from the fair ! So much fun ! :D 
I love how facebook puts above the messages icon , in red , a 0 and then a few seconds later changes it to a 1 . . . Yes , your bad facebook . :) 
Bring on the day ! :) 
It Was a Good Day :) 
YES ! English Composition class canceled ! Best day of class ever !!!!! :) 
Oh my goodness ..... I'm so bored !!!! Code Red and Facebook do not cure boredom . I need something interesting to do . ( o ) _ ( o ) 
is about to go make an ' A ' on her Anatomy test ! :) Unless Cubbage decides to go all critical thinky on the class . Hopefully not so I can make that ' A'!! :) 
The stillest part of the hurricane is its center 
The pitcher must be emptied before it can be filled anew 
Losing with grace can be an important win 
Faith is sometimes more powerful than actions 
The emptied mind is more prepared to see the truth 
We are given eyes to see and ears to hear , but what is required of the mind ? 
Predictive statements about oneself , so-called self-fulfilling prophecies , tend to in fact come true 
supported < PROPMALE > running in the ING New York City Marathon 2010 by making a healthy commitment in the SUBWAY(R ) Commit to Fit sweepstakes . 
So far today has been a really nice day . :) 
Sleep soundly in the darkness but wake in the light 
The act of succumbing to temptation holds mighty challenges 
Steak , lobster tail , and a baked potato at < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday was delicious ! :) 
Plants turn ever so slowly , yet inexorably , toward the sun 
Psych , my favorite show , is finally on !!!! :D 
Blind adoration and allegiance have no real place in spirituality 
The thirst for knowledge , like that for water , must be slaked 
TGIF ! :D 
Birds fly , fish swim , humans . . . 
See first what is directly before you 
Non-movement can be the most challenging stance 
Supremacy is relative 
This is going to be a very long two days . * sigh * I severly dislike writing research papers !!! I can't even get the first paragraph written , it always slows me down , but as soon as the intro is done I will be able to get going on this paper ! It would probably be easier if my teacher would let us write in first person since it is an argumentative essay . 
I finished the Rough Draft of my research paper !!!!! :D Yes !!!! I must say I am pretty proud of it ! I think this is the best paper I have done so far and definately not an epic fail , so thumbs up to that . * two thumbs up * :) 
God's chosen people can only be the entire human race 
Turned in the final of my research paper !! The stress is finally gone !!! I am pretty proud of this paper and if I don't make an A+ I will be very dissapointed with my teacher for not realizing how amazing this paper is because it deserves an A+ !!!! 
Thank-you VH1 for airing reruns of Saturday Night Live , ' 98-'05 , when every sketch was funny ! The cast now just doesn't compare to the cast members from when the show first aired to about 2005 . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm so thankful for everything I'm fortunate enough to have and my family that I get to spend this wonderful day with . :) 
Can somebody recommend a good book for me to read ? I am going through this reading phase right now and after reading the girl with the dragon tattoo trilogy and memoirs of a geisha I'm ready for another good book . :) 
Don't grow up !!! Its a TRAP !!! 
Today is my final day of english class and then next week english final . But still have to write a literary analysis to turn in the day of the final ! Ugh ! I'm so tired of writing papers for this class . All I want is an ' A ' for this class so I don't have to retake it . 
Just got my research paper back . How did I do ? I made a 98 ! If only I hadn't mispelled two words I would have made a 100 , but I am really happy with my grade . So no worries , I'm happy ! :) 
I'm at Taco < PROPFEMALE > and this kid comes around touching all of the backs of the chairs even with people in them , few < PROPFEMALE > s later the tables . I go to get a refill he's tapping on the counter , gets the same drink , lets it overflow for about a < PROPFEMALE > , there is ice all under the machine , he follows someone out and about 2 < PROPFEMALE > later he comes back in and goes behind the counter , disappears for 5 < PROPFEMALE > , and goes out the door . 
Ee-e-e-um-um-a-weh\ 
Wimoweh , wimoweh , wimoweh , wimoweh\ 
In the jungle , the mighty jungle\ 
The lion sleeps tonight\ 
In the jungle , the quiet jungle\ 
The lion sleeps tonight 
Under the sea\ 
When the sardine\ 
Begin the beguine\ 
It's music to me\ 
What do they got ? A lot of sand\ 
We got a hot crustacean band\ 
Each little clam here\ 
know how to jam here\ 
Each little slug here\ 
Cuttin ' a rug here\ 
Each little snail here\ 
Know how to wail here\ 
That's why it's hotter\ 
Under the water\ 
Ya we in luck here\ 
Down in the muck here\ 
Under the sea 
I will finish this literary analysis paper . I'm am going to stay in this library as long as it takes and finish ! Stupid literary analysis :P 
So I'm on Bing and I type in ' how to ' and on the auto response list beneath the search bar the first three options are ' how to tie a tie ' , ' how to recognize a meth house ' , and ' how to get pregnant ' . O_o puzzlement . Why does bing assume I want to know these things ? I only wanted to know ' how to begin a literary analysis'! Are those really the top searches on ' how to' ? :) 
VGAs 2010 :) 
So apparently its snowing everywhere except for my house . Its even snowing in the commercials on tv . :( 
Only one more exam left for tomorrow and then Christams Break !! 
Today is the first day of my Christmas Break ! No school til January 10 ! Also two new episodes of Psych tonight !! :D What a great way to start Christmas Break ! 
Early Christmas family get together ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! :) 
Snow why must you start melting so soon ? Why can't you stick to the ground and stay more than a day for once ? Please ! It was nice to wake up and find snow this morning , so please don't melt so fast . 
I've been placed on the \Dean's List\ " ! :D I'm so proud of myself . Now I just need to keep it up so I can make it in to the Radiology program . :) " 
I'm bored out of my mind . Any suggestions on how to get back in ? 
Winter break over . Back to school tomorrow . First class of the new semester ? Public Speaking :( Is the school system trying to punish me ? The one class that could possibIy turn my face red permanently , I'm required to take . Really ? 
This new zodiac sign nonsense is ridiculous ! I am a < PROPFIRST > not a Cancer ! If the earth changed position 2000 years in the making they should have changed the signs a long time ago ! I will be a < PROPFIRST > forever ! Stupid astronomers . :P 
Oh how I miss you Winter Break ! I had rediscovered how much fun playing my gamecube was and then you ended , leaving me with school and no spare time to enjoy the fun of Super Smash Brothers : Melee , The Sims Bustin ' Out , and Timesplitters 2 ! How could you do that to me Winter Break ? 
\A scattered dream that's like a far-off memory . A far-off memory that's like a scattered dream . I want to line the pieces up --- yours and mine . \ " \ 
Okay so I didn't know that the guy who plays < PROPFEMALE>'s boyfriend in My Sister's Keeper , < PROPFIRST > Dekker , supplied the voice for Fievel from An American Tail and Littlefoot from The Land Before Time . Just kind of found that interesting looking at the films he started in to the ones he's in today . At least he worked his way up in film and didn't try to jump from younger to adult roles suddenly like a lot of young actors do . 
I just registered to volunteer for Comic-Con 2011 !!!!! Wow ! Oh my goodness ! Anybody want to volunteer with me ? Now comes the time where I need to convince my family to let me go to San < PROPMALE > , California for a week this summer . I'm sure after some serious convincing they just might let me . Hopefully this will go over well cause I'm already registered to attend !! 
So , who wants to go to Comic-Con with me this summer ? My grandma will let me go if I have someone to go with ! :) 
Public Speaking Class . First impromptu speech . In one hour . * unethusiastic YAY * 
Will somebody please go with me to CA this summer ! Please ! My mom won't let me go unless I have someone to go with ! We can work out expenses . This is really something I want to do and I need someone to go with . Please help me out . 
Why can't I build up the courage to talk to him ? 
My mom's inability to make a final decision right now is effecting me in a truly negative way . 
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > O ' < PROPFIRST > 
My grandma is having surgery this morning . I hope everything goes good . 
What is your name ? 
I really need someone to drag me over to the 400 building , shove me in his direction , and make me to speak to him !! I like chicken , but I don't like being one . I think my chik-fil-a sandwich was ' bocking at me ' when he walked by and I just sat there staring in his direction . 
I like how my Psychology instructor refers to conditioning with an example of ninja roaches . :) 
Who you gonna call ? 
PLEASE somebody help me ! I cannot get myself to speak to this guy ! He walked by me twice and once again I just sat here . My intention was to stop him and ask him his name when he walked out of the bookstore , but my face turned red so I just remained seated and watched him walk by once again . I'm terrified ! I feel ridiculous ! 
Medical Terminology Midterm ..... in .. two .. hours ..... why .... Barnett .... why ? 
I can do this ! Now where is he ? 
So a reporter for News 12 just asked me where I was going for Spring Break . I said < PROPMALE > Head . Then she wanted to know if I would like to say that on Camera . If I wasn't so camera shy I would have . Oh well . 
Maybe I should be ' Made ' , I think it would be good for me . But I don't what into to exactly . Me on MTV's Made .... well ? 
Hotel reservation confirmation for Comic-Con achieved !! :) 
“The truth that many people never understand , until it is too late , is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Merton 
Today is going to be great !! Already started out good this morning , now hopefully the rest of the day will be just as good . Maybe something good will happen at lunch * fingers crossed * . I will do awesome on my speech this afternoon too !! 
Does anyone happen to have a 2010 South Aiken High yearbook that I could borrow ? I just need to look for something and will only need to borrow it for a few minutes . 
Speech number two .... nerves don't get me now ! 
I should probably start packing , but I don't really feel like it . Maybe tomorrow :) 
Finally settled in and enjoying < PROPMALE > Head !! It is really beautiful here :) and this condo is amazing !! 
Great day looking around Coligny Plaza and the beach ! :) 
Back from Tanger Outlets ! So many stores and so much fun ! :) 
BYE < PROPMALE > HEAD !! MY VACATION IS OVER !!! LEAVING EARLY !!! Because I have one of the least reliable families ever !! With the exception of my grandma and cousins I don't need the rest of you ! As for < PROPFEMALE > , I lost all respect for her this morning when she disrespected my grandma !! How dare her !! She is so lucky I don't use bad language !! 
