Is loving life 

Is leaving in January 
Is awake at 12:45 with a lot on his mind that is really hard to sort through .... sad days >,< 
Is uber tired > < 
Is kinda frustrated > < GRRR's!!! 
Has a wedding to attend on the 12th ! Woot ! Get to take Pictures and ... GET PAID woot-ness 
Is doing very good today 
FINALLY MADE IT TO YOUTH GROUP !! A first for about a month now ... sad day ! 
Dinner plans on deh 3rd ... excited ? Very much so ! ^_^ 
Feels like crap right now .... 
Has dinner plans this saturday ^^ 
GRRRRS !!!! cant sleep ... AGAIN !!!! >:( 
slept like a rock on sinking into water 
grawr grawr grawr ! 4 in the morning and no sleep for me ... dang ! =.= 
Consider this people who know me farely well ... Is it sad , wierd , or strange , and or any mix of the three that I was so bored that the thought of reading poetry sounded entertaining ... Please , I would like your opinion ... I feel as if I'm going CRAZY from the lack of sleep that I cant seem to get because I am constantly becoming WIDE AWAKE everytime I lay down ... I want to rip what hair I have ... out ... good day to you all 
Totally has a job on wensday ! ^^ 
Totally has a job on wensday ! pray for me !!! ^^ 
isnt sleeping well again ... sigh ... it feels like its going to be a long night ... 
I was right ... another long night with no sleep in sight ... crap ... 
GOT THE JOB !!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Starts work soon ! ^^ YAY !! 
Woot ! Has a job but has to stay away from home cause me buddeh has deh swine flu ! Q ~ Q 
Isnt feeling well ... crap ... 
I'm happy to be living back in Sweet Home 
GAH !!!... tired ... thinking about sleeping now XD 
I'm a little sleepy cause I just woke up but i'm good !! WOO !! gonna go for a walk in a little bit 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!! 
Dear Facebook ... You are my friend who knows everything about my other friends ... May I ask you how they are doing ? :P 
Going to Generation Unleashed in less then a week ! So FREAKING exicted ! 
Just got back from Generation Unleashed and I am so .... there is a word for it but I dont know it because prayers were answered and bondages were broken ! 
I am really ... really bored ... somebody save me !!! >_<; 
Life is better now ! i'm pretty happy about it . pretty excited for church tomorrow ! Youth lead :P 
Life ... its good ^^ thats all there is to it 
Just had an amazing converstaion with a great friend . Feeling fantastic ^^ 
Have a God filled Sunday everyone ! ^^ 
Just had a moment with God , and pretty freaking estatice (?) about it ! Oh yeah !?!?! :D 
Oh my goodness ! Amazing game ! Gah ! I loved it so very much ! And I beat it before I leave ! They said I couldn't do it ... Well , what now ? XD ( I beat Final Fantasy XIII for those that would like to know ... and I am very pleased with myself ^^) 
I am leaving on Sunday afternoon for portland , and Monday to South < PROPFEMALE > ! I am excited about it . 
I just had an awesome going away thing ... I really don't know what to call it , but it was awesome ! I will be smiling everytime I think of it for like the next 4 years ! :P unless something more amazing happens after the next 4 months ! 
I AM AT AIT FINALLY !!!! thank you everyone for your support through Basic Training , I'm doing well , I will be able to keep in touch with you all a little better now . my birthday sucked ! lol ! no one found out it was my birthday till two weeks later , my Drill Sergeants never knew ! lol ! 
I need something cool to look up ... any ideas ? 
Saw the new Karate kid today !!! It was AWESOMENESS 
I get to give a briefing tomorrow !! Sweet !!!! :P 
The Briefing didn't happen , and I'm not sure why ? Oh well , tomorrow's another day and I can make it better now ! Muhahahaha !!!.... ha ... ha ? 
Woo !! Got my hand X-rayed and I get to see the results on monday 
Its going to be a good week this week 
I GRADUATE AIT IN 19 DAYS !!! WOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
17 days ! Final PT test tomorrow ! Pray for me to pass ! :) I'll let you know how it goes ! 
I am so excited ! EXACTLY two weeks till I'm poping smoke and going home !! 
So ... I have a sad truth ... Next week I'm going to be out in the field for the week ... So I wont be on . BUT have no fear ! the silverlining is here ! After that its all down hill ! ONE WEEk left after I get back from the field 
Isn't it funny that when we look into scripture about Love that we look at what it is but all too often we dont look right before \Love suffers long\ " When we should start with \ " though I speak with the tongues of man and angels\ " We need to look at what it fills within us and to see if love is in our own hearts . " 
I'm heading to the field at O ' dark hundred tomorrow morning and will be gone all week . I hope everyone has a great week ! Pray for everything to go well and no injuries or anything ! Love you all ! have an amazing week ! :) 
Back from the field !!!! CRAZY EXCITED !!! 
Friday I'm outta here !! 
I graduate my Advance Individual Training this Friday ... Life is Good ! 
GRADUATE TOMORROW !!! 
Graduated , offically a 56M , be home on the 10th and BOOM BABY !... excited about it 
I am in OREGON BABY !!! WOOO HOOO !!! SO FREAKING EXCITED !! 
Be in Albany in about an hour and a half , be in Sweet Home in about 2 hours 
Its a good morning . I get to slowly wake up and drag along ^^ relaxing if i say so myself :P 
I am on my zune at five in the morning ... i woke up about an hour or so ago and cant sleep . I learned something new so its okay :) 
Its a good sunday afternoon in my little town that I love so much . Wouldn't have it any other way 
Halo Legends is depressing D: Don't watch it Halo fans ! DON'T 
its 6 in themorning ... wish I was tired 
4 in the morning , no sleep ! Woo !! I am ... gah ! 
WHO CALLS AT ONE O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING AND JUST HANGS UP !!... frustration ... 
PT Test in the morning , Pray for me ! : D 
Slept great ! I am happy about it ^^ 
Whats on my mind ?... < (Q_Q) > NOTIHNG !!!! I have a suspisious feeling ... its gonna be a long night <(>.>)> and I'm having a crazy obsession with smiley thingys tonight <(<.<)> WOOO !!! ^ (O.O) ^ 
OH MY BAGEEBERS ! i HAVE SO WON THE POKE WAR !! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE !!.... Hope I dont scare you tonight >:) 
ONE OF MY BESTEST FRIENDS EVER IS FREAKING ENGAGED !!!! OH MY FREAKING BAGEEBERS AM I EXCTIED I COULD EXPLODE INTO IDDY BITTY < PROPFIRST > THINGS !!!! 
ONE OF MY BESTEST FRIENDS EVER IS FREAKING ENGAGED !!!! OH MY FREAKING BAGEEBERS AM I EXCTIED I COULD EXPLODE INTO IDDY BITTY < PROPFIRST > THINGS AND I JUST MADE 5 PANCAKES WITHOUT BURNING ANYTHING !?!?! 
I HAVE WON THE POKE WAR !!! MUAHAHAHAHAHA !!! 
PRoMOTION BABY !!! NO FUZZY ON THIS CHEST !! : D life is awesome .... that is right .... awesome ! 
So ... its like 1 in the morning ... went to sleep a little over an hour ago ... woke up a little bit ago ... awesome , gonna be awake for like the next 7 hours ! 
New MSN layout thing .... wierd ... but cool at the same time XD 
I ACTUALLY MADE FOOD !! LIKE FOOD FOOD !! I MADE DINNER BY MYSELF !!!! YAAAAYY !!! 
3 in the morning and no inturution ... 3 in the morning I got a headache ... 3 in the morning , 3 in the morning ! ~ \ 
Woo ! I love waking up at this time of the day ! I get a beautiful view of the pitch black outside my window !! Good times ! Oh , and that up there is a referece to that song that sings 6 in the morning or something like that . XD 
I can't believe how cold it is outside ! What the heck ? What if I want to go < PROPMALE > a bank today ? I cant ! Its too cold XD 
Well everyone , Have a happy wonderful Thanksgiving and I hope you all have wonderful filling meals and that you make it to where you are going safe and sound , I keep you in my prayers and I love all of you , stay safe , stay warm , and enjoy your family . 
We talk about the flaws of others and on occasion we talk about the flaws of ourselves . Why do we talk ? why do we whisper ? When are we going to shout ? When are we going to fight back against our flaws ? We have the tools to fight back ! We have the strength through our Father to fight back ! So stop asking why your flaws are there , pick up and fight back ! THIS IS WAR ! 
Greetings Ladies and Gentle men , Duck fans and Beaver fans . Today is a grand day indeed . We here in Oregon get to enjoy the burning passion of this long begotten Rivalry . So for you Beaver fans .... good luck handling your defeat and for you Duck fans .... Congratulations on your well deserved victory ! Have a stupendous day . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brewer 
Ladies and Gentlemen , I am proud to announce and confirm that the Ducks are victorious and the Beavers have suffered the cold embrace of defeat . As to you Duck fans . Congratulations . To all Beaver fans , good game and better luck next year but you have a good line up for great things next year . \ 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse and copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
My mind is filled with questions of the future :) 
Its kinda cold outside now o.o kinda sucks XD 
Drill weekend ! :O Oh mah goodness !! 
I am back home , I am so very tired too -_- Sleep is in my near future 
Life .. 
Good evening world ... I have an important comment to make to you all . This is life changing news so pay close attention ..... I love you all ! :D 
The internet and I .... are not on good terms right now ... 
Internet ..... I shall destroy you ... 
Bath's .... feel .... amazing ! 
Life equals Awesome 
Cant sleep tonight , I can feel it , I am not going to be able to sleep for a while . Lame sauce . grrrr !!!! Sleep why must you hate me some nights 
So ... Drill weekend , got in the shower , turned on the water ... BAM ! straight ice cold water to ... the face ! Great way to start the evening hahahaha !! XD 
I gots a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > album ! :D I am so very happy now <(^_^)> 
So I had an argument with this little girl ... she said \Daddy ! * points to me *\" My reply ? \ " No uncle * points to self *\" She decides I am wrong because I look like daddy so I have to be like his clone or something and runs up and pokes me in my cheek and shouts \ " DADDY !! \ " .... I have lost an argument to a 2 year old ... my life is a failure XD " 
GRRRAAAAHHHHH !?!?!?!?!? >:O 
Sickness ... is a pain in the butt . I hate being sick ! it went away for a day then came back with a vengence ! A VENGENCE !!! :O 
So .... Took my meds about 10 , 15 minutes ago .... I predict drool on my keyboard in the next 5 minutes , then my head smashing into my keyboard in 10 :P I should get off now to prevent all that from happening 
Drill ... You come and pay me ... This month shall be more then last . thank you . 
SLEEPY !?!?!... Why am I up ? Cause I can be ! why am I not asleep ... tis a good question ... 
Forgot so much stuff at Drill ... My backpack is in the back of a battle's vehicle with my laptop ... my shoes .... my clothes ... and worst of all ... my hygene kit ... WHY !?!?!? DX < 
FASFA COMPLETE !!! THE WORLD IS MY CLAM AND I SHALL HAVE MY PERAL !!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!... Hello everyone ! How are you today ? :D 
So ... having Drill on the weekend then sunday night having a graveyard shift sucks XD 
Slowly , work is eating at my sanity ! :O What is day ? what is night ? is morning actually night ? is evening actually morning ? :O the world my never know O.o 
There is a long and grueling amount of things on my mind right now ... so much confusion in my emotions that I can feel it physically breaking me down .. I slept all day and I woke up feeling this way ... there are a lot of good things going on in my life but one really bad horrible thing that is over-taking the rest of the good ... along with my work hours ... this sucks ... 
GRAH ! what the hell do I do ? 
Feeling better , slowly . Its exciting :) 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of . \ 
... 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . Challenge you to post this 
Its the weekend and at work I talked about how I am going to sleep and rest and here I am awake cause of graveyard shift XD hahaha 
3:30 and nothing to do , 3:30 in the morning , wish I had someone to talk to ! ~ XD 
Work in 2 hours , excited ? kinda .. Is there some other things I would rather do ? definitely ... would I get paid for those other things ... definitely NOT ... rats XD 
hmmm .... Something seems different , but not 100% sure yet 
Yeah ... so ... this weekend is going to be interesting regardless of anything XD 
We all have at least 100 friends on facebook , but when it comes down to needing a friend to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . Like this status if you will be there for me . Set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you :) \ 
\ 
Thanks for all who like this ! :D 
