games and guns 

Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of terrorist scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
stupid comcast 
omg deadlist warrior ending was great but yeat funny XD 
why do people say that the korean war is over ? its not its still on they just signed an Armistice which is basicly just a really long cease fire until one side attacks the other 
omg the loss of blood from the blood drive yesterday finally hit me 
re-applyed at best buy hopefully they call 
is watching the chronicles of riddick 
Todays the 66th Anniversary of D-day 
what kind of camel has no humps no hooves and doesnt drink water 
seriously thinks that i got to change my phone number 
Daddy sang bass , Mama sang tenor . Me and little brother would join right in there . Singing seems to help a troubled soul . One of these days and it won't be long . I'll rejoin them in a song . I'm gonna join the family circle at the Throne . No , the circle won't be broken . By and by , Lord , by and by . \ 
Daddy sang bass , Mama sang tenor . Me and little brother would join right in there . In the sky , Lord , in the sky . 
gets to go see toy story3 at 1740 pm 
so i just got a card in the mail from the red cross so i can give blood . on the card it says that i am 0- even though my parents are 0+ i wonder how does a positive plus a positive equal a negative 
Forfeit the game Before somebody else Takes you out of the frame Puts your name to shame Cover up your face You can’t run the race The pace is too fast You just won’t last 
\Destroy this City of Delusion Break these walls down I will avenge Justify my reasons With your blood\ 
is finaly going to start his AP Euro HW 
You cried wolf The tears they soaked your fur The blood dripped from your fangs You said , \What have I done ? \ " You loved that Lamb With every sinful bone And there you wept alone Your heart was so contrite \ 
my cousins are moving into my grandmas for the time being until they buy a house down there and sell their farm 
just got back from the anoka county fair .... Just went for the demo derby ... OMG ! FUN ! 
DAMN IT WHERES THE SHOTGUN IM GONNA SHOOT THAT CROW ! 
FRICKEN CODERS ! 
just finished watching hot tub time machine 
omg this is such and old song Ninja Rap - Vanilla ice 
watching something something darkside 
just got back from the ALMELUND Thrishing show and on our way back found out that my dads godmother had died . 
just reapplied at target and applied at autozone 
\I'm a man . i can change . if i have to . i guess \"" 
has just killed everyone in Beijing on infectonator ( for some reason there were only 60 people ) 
playing WoW 
i feel like setting something on fire.no reason just do 
is going to go play and old game ....... Daiblo II 
is currently downloading DOOM 3 
is going to take his drivers test tomorrow at 11:40 at areden hills 
god save us everyone were we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns for the sins of our hand , the sins of our tongue the sins of our father the sins of our young(repeat)\ 
The Requiem -- Linkin Park 
passed his drivers test 
just had the best night ever :D 
death metal = awsomeness 
got his hw done 
just finished watching < PROPFIRST > Rabe es lohnt sich die zwei Stunden Zeit war . Der Film wollte machte mich traurig manchmal wegen der wie in Tiefe war es im Allgemeinen . 
that . was . hilarious 
can it be the weekend already ? 
cant wait for tommorow 
welll . that officaly sucked shot twice at a 6-pointer ( i know i hit him ) hes porbaly laying dead at the bottpm of the swamp -.- 
wishes to shoot his computer off the face of the universe 
well this weekend is hunting again hoping that the snow STAYS on the ground for the whole weekend(hopefully a blizzard ) 
I see a little silhouetto of a man Scaramouch , Scaramouch , will you do the Fandango Thunderbolt and lightning , very , very frightening me ( Galileo ) Galileo ( Galileo ) Galileo , Galileo Figaro Magnific o-o -o-o- o I'm just a poor boy nobody loves me He's just a poor boy from a poor family Spare him his life from this monstrosity \ 
\ 
bohemian rhapsody- < PROPFEMALE > 
I ain't gonna eat , I ain't gonna sleep Ain't gonna breathe , til I see , what I wanna see And what I wanna see , is you go to sleep , in the dirt Permanently , you just being hurt , this ain't gonna work\ 
Eminem - Go To Sleep 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for ... those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree ! 
just watched Rampage ... Now That Is A Good Movie XD 
\ ....... YOUR ONE UNICORN OF A MAN ! \ " - some random dude at M.E.T " 
\There's a time 
had the weirdest dream .... it was about fools gold and real gold ? also with diamonds ? 
If I could change i would take back the pain i would Retrace everywrong move that i made i would if i could stand up and take the blame i would i would take all my shame to the grave \ 
Easier to run - Linkin Park 
likes : Running up the score , PSP , freestyling , undefeated seasons , midnight , tuna fish sandwiches , sniping and consuming a healthy diet of suckas online everyday 
My cars On Need For Speed Carbon = So Epic That its a win/fail FTW 
has a very short temper as of now 
civ IV win 40x ICBM and a whole army that can conquer 9 separate countries at once 
For six long years I've been in trouble , \ 
no pleasure here on earth I've found\ 
For in this world , I'm bound to ramble , \ 
I have no friends to help me now . \ 
-Soggy Bottom Boys- I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow 
watching blazing saddles and doing HW 
got a new coat =) 
i am hoping that there would be another civil war cause of all the bs . 
Is Going to take the ASVAB practice test 
There comes Lopt , the treacherous\ 
Lusting for revenge\ 
He leads the legions of the dead\ 
Towards the Aesir's realm\ 
They march in full battle dress\ 
With faces grim and pale\ 
Tattered banners and bloody flags\ 
< PROPMALE > spears and blades\ 
Amon Amarth - Tattered banners and bloody flags 
< PROPFEMALE > on wayward son . therell be peace when you are done . lay you weary head to rest dont you cry no more\ 
kansas - < PROPFEMALE > on my wayward son 
feels like playing tetris for hours on end 
Forever let us hold our banner high . \ 
High . High . High . \ 
Boys and girls from far and near you're as welcome as can be . \ 
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E . \ 
Who's the leader of the club that's made for you and me ? \ 
Who is marching coast to coast and far across the sea ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > Mouse . ( < PROPFIRST > Mouse . )\ 
Forever let us hold his banner high . \ 
High . High . High . 
is going to attempt to finish his persuasive speech by 11:00 
looks like my cousin has a two game suspension in hockey 
Got the Car fixed runs as good as it did 21 years ago 
MOM i wanna go to toys r ' us \ 
NO ! \ 
cheapo 
Open the door , step outside Walk on the frozen ? ground Look in the sky - a grey cloud Winter is still around It will take a hundred years waiting for the summer\ 
And no ? one just yet knows if we'll hear the whales again Nuclear winter covers the world for almost twenty years All what we own are dreams and hope for the next generation 
