chillin for now , going too the avenues later with the sissy . 

huhhhh finnally made one 
ughh i feel sick , mite take a nap 
facebook is time consuming 
can i ever get a break ? 
im up way too early ! let's < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend , text me up ! after 6 though 
just woke up from a very needed nap 
just got home , watching drake ; better than good enough 
ugh just waking up , i stayed up til 4 last night 
lol jeez , that was the most hilarious thing i have ever witnesses . That was like something from a spanish soap oprah 
how sad , how hilariously sad 
omgzzz i feel so sick today , friggin alergies and/or sinuses 
i swear this has been the most randomest , weirdest summer ever . hands down 
watching when in rome 
sitting baq thinking about how ironic life is , and how hillarious it is . 
& since you can't escape me , do i ever cross your mind ? 
listenin to eminems 25 to life while im getting ready for today . this song gets sweeter the more times you listen to it . 
going to the landing tonite 
watchinq rocko's modern life 
lol so my five year old cousin just called me a diva . 
When I said that I'd return to you I meant more like a relapse 
new orleans was fun , but im happy we're finnally in < PROPMALE > 
finna go wonder around my hotel room , peace fb 
just came from the pool , today i just found out that apart from being part white , aqnd scottish that im also part cuban 
finnally home ! my vacation was sweeet ! new pics coming later . if i feel like it 
watching pretty little liars . love this show 
if you get tagged in more then one of those 25 random facts things can you do another ? if not i think im gonna anyway . 
so im trying to be a vegetarian again 
extra bored sooo like my status and I'll tell you my favorite memories with you 
okay so peace out face book , i gotta go to the hair dresser 
lookin for the usb chord for my camera :/ who wants to come over and help me find it ? 
i have a horrible headache :/ 
cleaning my room S.N : i ran across a \love\ " slambook from 5th/6th grade . lmao brings me baq " 
going to sleep S.N ; add me on oovoo-kierraisamazinq :P nite 
Consider this as a gift as you taste him on your lips\ 
And he's making you scream with his hands on your hips\ 
I hope he's leaving you empty baby this is just a fix\ 
For such a simple little whore 
fml right 
k so i finnally found my usb chord for my camera finnally , but i cant find the charger smh . s.n : does anyone have a charger for a sony cybershot :/ 
so im really sleepy , goodnite fb :{ | 
on the phone with < PROPFIRST > 
i love my life cuz i swear their life is just not as fun <3 
How do you like your eggs , over easy or fertalized 
Watching \if you really knew me\ " . This show is legit " 
cell phone just died , to o lazy too look for the charger 
im sooo sleepy , im finna take a nap\ 
S . N ; they're makinq a < PROPFIRST > movie !!!! omg 
just made a tinyhat & tumblr I'll most likely update both tommorow tinychat : Kierraj\ 
Tumblr : amazinqkierra follow me & shizz :P 
Aha sissy's < PROPFEMALE > has dedfinitely been hacked by me ! < PROPFEMALE > I love ya ... I guess ;P 
& in the end the love we take is equal to the love we make-the beetles 
im mysterios as the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > 
well i got my laff for today 
so basicly it's your life story right now , lol okay gotcha ;) 
i need you too rescue me from my destiney , im tryin to live right & give you whatever is left of me \ 
s . n : too early for drake lyrics ? 
bored im ready for my cousin to come over 
Just woke up stayed up til like 6 
i feel like watching hercules right about now 
geez i wish my mom would get off my baq already ! why did she have to stay home from work today smh 
watching drakes miss me video , ilove drake <3 
i want something with style , shake it up until it pops , I'll take the biggest baddest freshest thing you got . 
finally home , went to bush gardens with my sissy !!! had so much fun minus all the walking :) 
BTW i ate a veggie burger todayyy ! 
chillin with my sister danaa ' reminds me of the after party at my hotel in < PROPMALE > :) good times 
had a pretty good first day of school 
gosh this loser in on the phone with me singing about 877-cash now :P 
Love me when i least deserve it , because that's when i really need it 
500 days of summer is such an amazing movie 
& you know life is what we make it & a < PROPMALE > is like a picture i'd be nice if you just take it . 
just got home , had fun with my cousins tonight :) 
vma pre-show . Team Drake !!! 
kanye should've popped up && interupted < PROPFIRST > . i would've died laughing 
team drake !!! 
no phone until saturday :( sucks 
the fuck is a guaphead ??? lmao you nigga's are lame as fuck . just go home you get no girls you never seen \white bricks\ " befor && you can't rap . you have no talent so just stop it . lmao i hope you get sued for using samples of dj khaled in your songs . " 
no school today ! drove to mcdonalds this morning :) 
sitting in a comfy corner in my room , typing a pass due ap < PROPFEMALE > paper listening to the rain . 
school should be cancelled tommorow because of the weather 
Take all my memories with you and just erase it for me , you can never reminisce if you forget it all . 
It just doesn't make sense too me :/ 
today was freakin amazing ! so surprising cause i usually hate bdays 
omg juicy couture sent me card for 30% my next purchase ! life is complete . today was definitely the best day i had in a while :) 
ehh so today was kinda crappy , yesterday was crazy , and the day before that was amazing . why can't things just go from great to better . 
eww why is kaneisha at my house ??? 
finnished my ap < PROPFEMALE > hw . goodnite fb tgiaf-thank god it's almost Friday ( learned that one on urban dictionary ) ;) 
no one like Ashante < PROPMALE > can brighten my day when im a crappy mood ilh ! 
My head is like a kite , all my thoughts run astray 
I just opened a video chat room at http://tinychat.com/kierrabby ( tinychat.com ) 
Self proclaimed ? smh so unofficial .... gn fb 
Everything will be okay in the end , If it's it's not okay it's not the end ? 
lil baby bout to break her neck lookin at me up & down lol 
how bout them jaguars lol , guess they're not complete losers 
ughhh school i hate you so much 
just woke up 
listening to erase me by kid cudi & just the way you are by < PROPMALE > mars 
yes ! i got a math tutor who knows what they're talking about . best thing too ever happen too me . 
Today was good until the end then it got hectic ... oh well i just hope for a better tomorrow . 
Im myself , made entirely of flaws . Stitched together with good intentions 
blow drying my hair , it got all wet during soccer scrimmage but i had fun so it was worth it . 
who ? why ? wassup ? like it baby :) <3 
at home , feeling miserably sick :( ughhh why today of all days 
annoying people should go away . 
you know what show is cool ? hey < PROPMALE > . that is one awesome show . 
how bout my 9 year old cousin has an iphone !?!?! 
I'll take one shot for my pain , One drank for my sorrow . Get messed up today , I'll be ok tomorrow . gotta love < PROPMALE > mars 
Up extra early watching catdog 
studio love-wiz khalifa on repeat = contentness 
soccer game tonight wish us luck 
i don't even want to finnish getting ready for school , i really wanna roll over & go back too sleep . 
omg new cell phone #4229438 
i wanna play too , inbox me a number and I'll make a confession :) 
#225 even after everything i still think you my dawg . we had our ups and downs but im glad we're cool with eachother now . Your one of the few people i can have an intellegent conversation with , and im glad too have you as a friend 
lol #13 what can i say ? I love with all my heart . Even though we don't talk like we used too i still consider you very close too my heart . you owe me back child support ! It seems like just yesterday you we're rockin the simpsons shirt but you grew up alot since then . Im thankful too have you in my life and i care alot about you . 
#55 omg i miss you at wolfson ! You need too come back asap . You make me laugh because your never afraid to say whats on your mind . Your probally one of the coolest and realest girl i know . real talk 
#868 i miss you making me laugh and calling me \lil quaintance\ " . Im mad you tried get me kicked out of grad night but we can move past that lol . Havin tv production with you was the best because you always made me laugh . I wish we could have gotten a < PROPMALE > too know eachother better because i miss your company . Just being around you for that small amount of time brightened my mood . " 
okay fb im signing off cause im super tired , still inbox me them < PROPFIRST > & i promise I'll get to ' em tommorow . sn : challenge day was < PROPFEMALE > good I love all you guys & don't blame me for getting all emotional and heartfelt tonight or for the rest of the week lol 
#1694 ewww lol jk i confess that your really fun too be around , especially in lunch ! Your a weirdo and you take playing cards too seriously but you my dawg and i wouldn't have it any other way . 
#009 PETTY ! lol i miss you kid ! We used too have so much fun in mr. p's class . We used to play tunk and mess with < PROPFEMALE > . huh memories . but you need too hurry up and come back to wolfson cause you my petty ! 
dougeing with Miracle Simmonz 
Worst game ever 
chicks like you ain't worth too much , < PROPFEMALE > shut up girl & make my lunch 
just woke up from an amazing nap 
sleepy but i can't sleep 
asdfghjkl ; can't sleep 
Lmao I asked my mom how old was she when she stopped believing in < PROPFEMALE > clause . She said 15 so I bust out laughing and she got at me . It's not my fault she was in high shool still thinking a fat man with a reindeer and sleigh was real lmao 
ughh school :/ at least it's aday :) 
i wanted to go to school today , but i was just too sleepy this morning 
On the way to the avenues 
going to fix some hot chocolate because it's way cold outside 
skimp ass eclipse 
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie 
* happy dancing :) 
I herd < PROPFEMALE > had a body like an abercrombie model ;) 
watching ninja assassin 
lmao my cousin told my that i was one of the \lucky ones\ " to walk down the street and not get hurt now-a-days " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas fb ! i hope you enjoy your holidays 
ughh can't sleep 
Greatest man in history named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today- just a lil somethin 
up wayy too early . going back too sleep . 
just woke back up 
gn fb going too bed 
Love is the weapon for this wounded generation . 
one more week off please ! i really dont feel like school in the a.m. 
beyond tired , im taking a nap Zzz 
I actually had a really good day at school ... the game was whatever though :/ 
finnally the weekend . tgif 
im ready for summer 
i want a sabers jersey . 
\Tasha Mack\ " lmao never gets old " 
I knew it !!!!!! all along i knew he wasnt the father ! where's maury ? i swear i knew . 
omg as soon as they said it wasn't his i thought to myself * now they bet not switch it up at the end and say it's his . smh 
hot white chocolate from starbucks = paradise :) 
just got home . ms. wolfson was nice , all the ladies did good . 
just woke up , probably gonna do some home work later 
omagosh ! im slippin on all my shows . i missed most of pretty little liars and i have to catch the second showing of skins . smh . 
the new skins starts off just like the first season of skins uk 
Omg rogers and hamerstien's < PROPFEMALE > ! so many childhood memories :) 
stayed home today ! 
i guess im < PROPFEMALE > Stevenson personal DJ for tonight 
yesss thank god it's the weekend ! sn : wasnt feeling well so i stayed home :( 
should've sucked it up and went to school . Apparently ish got real today lmao 
shower time then going out with the girls at 3 :) 
beyond sleepy right now 
just woke up from a needed nap , I guess i should start on my school work now . 
just got home , pass out on the couch . 
jus got home from a sushi bar yum :) 
