Party timeeeee ! 

Seriously .. can I go home now .. 
Ready for the hockey game tonight !! Go Walleye ! 
Sick as a dog ... 
Back to the daily grind after being sick .. I think I'm allergic to this place ! 
My car is BEAUTIFUL ! No more dents ! 
A lot of things went boom this weekend ... wholarious ! 
I need a freaking tan before I become see through ... 
Why is it so difficult for people to just PAY THEIR RENT ! What ? I have to pay bills ? No comprehende ! 
SEE YOU SOON < PROPFEMALE > BEACH !!! 
Someone tell me a funny joke . I need humor :-) 
I'm on a horse ... 
MY LAPTOP HAS A SCREEN !!!! YAYY !!!! 
I wish people at labs knew how to do their job ... stabbed 4 times and may have to do it again ... how rude 
Q : What is the definition of trust ? A : Letting a cannibal give you a blow job tehe funny stuff 
I loove people who threaten me because think they know the law . ;-) so funny 
I have a feeling its going to be a very long weekend ... 
Oh yah Chocolate Chip PANCAKES ! 
Off to the < PROPMALE > museum ! 
Yayyy another 3 hr glucose test :-( 
Ready for the weekend !!! yay !!! 
My favorite resident of all time died .. Sooo sad . 
Finally the baby's room is done !! I can rest !! 
BOYCOTT WALMART . COM ! THEY WILL SCREW YOU ! 
Why do I push 1 for English if I'm still going to have to talk to someone I can't understand ... 
It's been a long .. long day . 
YAYYY I PASSED MY THREE HOUR GLUCOSE TEST ! 
Baby shower today , then nothing .. hit me up ! 
Holy boredville ... 
Who wants to make a cupcake run ? volunteers ? 
Today is my Friday !! Happy Passover peoples !! :-) 
I love it when people don't realize that their bass at the house ACROSS THE STREET is shaking MY WALLS . :-) 
Its sooo nice :-) yay 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
Final day of misc . holidays .... sooo sad to go back to work lol 
Walleye hockey tonight for my baby's birthday ! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !! YAY !! 
Its been a long weekend .... Here's praying it gets better .. quickly 
They finally figured out whats wrong with my mom !! God I'm tired of hospitals 
Things are looking up !! New nephew , my mom's getting better . YAY :-) 
12 Viles of blood later and I feel like uber shit ... 
I'm tired of people creating drama . 
Damn you super < PROPFIRST > brothers wii . You've foiled me again .... 
Ohh I'm so excited to go fishing !! 
The sound of ET walking was made by someone squishing her hands in Jello . lmao 
Getting ready for the baby shower tomorrow .. yay :-) 
My shower was beautiful ! Thank you sooo much to everyone that helped and planned and came ! I know it was stressful and I really appreciate it . :-) 
Quick ! Type the first word that pops into your head ! 
If a canoe tips over in your front yard and all four wheels fall off .... How long would it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick all the seeds out of a pickle ? 
Please are gettin ballsy .. bout to go off ... 
PEOPLE are gettin ballsy .. bout to go off ... 
Mudhens game tonight !! yay ! GO HENS ! 
My puppy is sick .. going to the vet ... 
Yay , my puppy is going to be okay :-) 
Another uber crappy day .. at least I'm inside .. 
Yayy , this weekends supposed to be nice ! I'm so excited for some nice weather ! 
Its going to be a nice weekend ! Cookout with the fam on Sunday , should be fun :-) 
If < PROPMALE>'s not here before , I'll be induced on Wednesday night for delivery Thursday ! Yay ! Can't wait to meet him !! 
YAYYY ITS THE WEEKEND !! 
Going into the hospital tonight ! We'll have our < PROPMALE > tomorrow !!! YAYY 
< PROPFIRST > Brown ... I can't believe you jinxed me !! 
Having issues adjusting to maternity leave .. I keep forgetting I don't have to go to work on monday hehe 
Bout to have a Glee marathon . Pure excitement :-) 
Holy crap it's humid ... guess it doesnt help that I made muffins ... in the oven haha 
Thank god for facebook reminding < PROPMALE > of our 6 year anniversary .. That's sad 
Now THAT was fun :-) 
Going back to work Tuesday .. So sad .. 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
Holy crap it's a miracle . < PROPMALE > slept for 8 hrs straight last night ! 
I am ready to go home and see my munchkin and baby ... can you figure out which is which ? haha 
Right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother , Is holding the hand of a dying man , Is inserting an IV in a child , Is listening to an Alzheimer's patient tell a story , And is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Re-post if ... you are a nurse , love a nurse , or appreciate a nurse ?? 
Dear Other Drivers : Please use this technique when changing < PROPFIRST > s to avoid running myself and baby off the road : Step one , Put on your BLINKER , this will signal the people in the other < PROPFIRST > that you wish to get over . Step two , Check your mirrors , this will allow you to see OTHER DRIVERS . Step three , MOST IMPORTANT , TURN YOUR HEAD TO SEE IN YOUR BLIND SPOT ( IM IN AN ORANGE SUV . CAN YOU MISS ME ? ) Step four , MERGE 
Excited for a weekend of nothingness ... :-) 
Yay ! I'm going to get my hair cut and colored tomorrow ! 
I HATE people .... 
Pictures of mr. < PROPMALE > are done ! yay ! 
Volleyball here I come ! 
I was eaten alive by mosquitoes . This sucks ! 
Holy cow , Subway coffee is really a giant cup of expresso ... 
YAYY !! I'M A MAID OF HONOR ! SORRY < PROPFEMALE > ... NO BANANA HAMMOCKS AT THE BACHLORETTE PARTY .... 
It's sad when < PROPFIRST > Beiber getting nailed in the face with a water bottle makes my day :-) 
I wish I could have one day ... just one .. where I didn't cry all the time and feel like everyone hated me . 
Movin on up !! Maybe ... Yay , things might start turning around 
Thanks for all my birthday wishes everyone ! 
Wishes people knew how to spell/conjugate ... 
Sadly I broke down and bought myself a birthday cake today and forced my staff to sing me happy birthday ...... haha :-) 
Dear Friday , Why do you make me wait to see you so long ? It's very depressing lol 
READY TO HEAD HOME !! 
GOOOD MORNING !!! Coffee makes everything better . 
WOW . That took WAYYYY longer than it should have .... 
Can anyone explain to me why the beatles lived in a yellow submarine ??? 
My property looks like we had several sinkhole snafus !! 
You'll never realize how TOTALLY WORTH THE MONEY it is to get a cup of starbucks coffee until you drink a cup of mcdonalds first ... 
YAYYY I got a dress for the wedding ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for teaching me about Funyuns and Flaming Cheetos 
If I could post the throw-up sound I would ... haha little help < PROPFIRST > ? 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > excited about the \Holidays\ " coming up !!! " 
Saddlebag pancakes ... you've been on my mind 
Beaner's coffee taste like dirtville ... 
Ready for Thursday to come already .... 
So excited ! Tomorrow starts my 4 day weekend !!! 
Hey Farva ? What's that place you love with all the goofy crap on the walls ? 
I like to picture Jesus as a figure skater . He wears like a white outfit , and He does interpretive ice dances of my life's journey . 
Wishes we could herd all the stupid people of this world off of a < PROPMALE > 
Who is ready for < PROPFEMALE > TUESDAY ? 
Change could be a good thing .... 
Wow . Just plain fuckin wow . 
Yayyy ! Short week .. Done on Wednesday ! 
YAYY ! My new cleats will be here Friday !! 
Talk about putting whipped cream on caca .. they now make Soco LIME .. eww 
Free at last ! Free at last ! 
Wish me luck . 
I think I'm dying inside .. this whole being sick and at work thing SUCKS ! 
Disappointed ..... Oh well .. I keep looking 
I GOT A NEW JOB !!! UBER EXCITED !!! 
I have a stalker .. or two . 
They say you swallow 8 spiders annually ... I think I swallowed a big one last night .. uhh 
Ever had the moment when you realize someones laugh is funnier than the actual joke ?? 
Oh snap ... of course I'm in an office with a shit ton of windows and no basement .. sweet 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE ! 
I feel lost .... 
Oh snap .. my phone turns into a kindle .. I think I'm in love 
champagne 
Had a dorky moment .. went and rented the < PROPMALE > potter movies and < PROPMALE > and I are geeking it out on the couch tonight haha 
My little man is getting < PROPFEMALE > big . He says momma now :-) 
Happy thanksgiving ! 
Let the shopping begin ! I'm ready to go ! Been working on my elbow jabs all day ...... 
Ahh that was fun . Step brothers time with my babycakes . Mom the meatloaf !!! 
Oh Christmas season .. how I love you so 
Yay ! He figured out how to drink from the sippy cup ! 
Teething is the devil ... 
I'm registered for classes next semester ! YAY :-) 
Sooo excited about Christmas and having time off ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Yes ! Found the hall ! 
Going to Ikea and Libbey Glass to look for some wedding stuff ! 
Not doing so hot 
I'm highly amused right now . Thank you for being a grown up . 
AHHHH , Finally not sick . Sooo nice . 
Ahh paper writing ... pretty sure I didn't miss you but we shall find out . 
People make me sick . I dont understand how you can leave a dog in an apartment and not come back . 
It's almost 5 and I'm watching football and drinking a margarita .. ahh this is the life . What are yall doing ? 
Rally time for da bears ! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on foodstamps , medicaid , or cash assistance for your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post 
YAY ! I can still write a paper ! It's nice to get my first rough draft in 7 yrs back and not have it hacked to hell !! 
Today has been GREAT day !! That was extremely sarcastic in case your wondering . 
Holy cow . That was stressful . 
Time to bleach the shit out of the house . We've been sick for far too long !! 
When it rains it pours .. that's for damn sure 
Woohoo I KILLED that exam . Frickin sweet 
Frickin sweet . 51 out of 50 on my first psychology exam !! 
My big boys pictures turned out < PROPFEMALE > good !!! It was so hard to choose which ones to get . 
And he's off !!! 
The boy LOVES Madagascar lol . Sooo cute 
< PROPFIRST > mouse clubhouse is crack for kids .... 
Shutter island blows my mind .... 
We've been jinxed .... 
Why didn't anyone ever tell me NOT to watch Precious ? I'm about to go punch out a freakin wall I'm soooo mad . Damn you Netflix !!! 
< PROPMALE > potter time with my < PROPFIRST > :) 
Sooo about that paper writing .. children pulling the screen of your laptop down and making fishy faces makes it very difficult .. lol 
