the HILLS ARE ALIVVE !! with the sound of music .. :) 

needs to pack .. 
All right everyone , line up alphabetically according to your height . ( hahaha ) :) 
:) 
is back from her trip to the coast , and let me tell you , it was AWESOME !!!! There was a lot of driving , but i finally got to see the ocean !! ( and a lot of other things ) THANK YOU WILLMORES ! 
wow ... i got up really early today ( for me at least .. ) and i didn't even use an alarm clock ! ? haha 
... * pink panther anthem ! * it's totally stuck in my head ! haha 
Does anyone have any advice on a good way get rid of hiccups ?! aaahh 
never try to cut a tangerine in half ... it doesn't end pretty . lol 
We all live in a yellow submarine . 
snape , snape , severus snape . DUMBLEDORE ! 
saw a bunch of shooting stars last night ! (: 
drove on the freeway !! it was scary . 
I SAW A FLOCK OF MOOSEN ! in the WOODSEN ! 
wow , i haven't been on facebook for a WHILE ... i'm sure you have all missed my comments . baha 
is so dead . .. haha :P 
had to come to the library to type this ... ha . :] 
Okay , I'll tell you .. Do you know the muffin man ? 
is very groggy . sorry everyone . 
finally got to see her niece ! :D 
has so much homework it's not even funny ! :P 
YES !!! oh , yeah ! relief .. 
Dressing up for Halloween used to be easy ! What happened to that ? 
can't go trick-or-treating . :( but she is planning on eating her brother's < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
finally has the internet ! After 3 whole months without it . It was totally agonizing . 
really hopes that Brazilian food tastes good 
Brazillian food does taste good ! I just hope i don't get food poisoning ... :] 
PO-TA-TOES ! Boil ' em , mash ' em , stick ' em in a stew ... 
Frollo's nose is long and he wears a dress . 
SO MUCH PUMPKIN PIE !!!! My life is complete . (: 
The closer we are to danger , the farther we are from harm ! 
:DDDDDDD !!!!!!!!! I almost died a couple of minutes ago , but i am now alive and very happy !!!! 
I cannot stop eating these sugar cookies . I think I've had like 16 . I'm not even kidding . THEY ARE SO TASTYY !!!!! :)) 
Health food makes me sick . 
Forget love , I'd rather fall in chocolate . :] <3 
Siimply haavin ' a WONderful Christmas time ! ? ? 
I am very envious of my little brother . His planner says he has Christmas vacation until 20010 ! ... JEALOUSY . 
my computer has serious issues . It needs to go to some computer psyciatrist and work out its problems . :P 
math should go die . 
yep . I agree with my cousin . Owl City is pretty much awesome . :) 
WHY am i on facebook at 12:46 AM ? That is a VERY good question ... i think i'm going to blame my TEACHERS for this one ( even though it's really my fault that i procrastinated ... ) yeah . haha . i love to do that . ... i'm tired :P 
Tomorrow is Christmas ... It's PRACTICALLY here ! ~ Grinch 
is listening to Owl City right now ... yeah , i think i'm obsessed . 
MMMMMMM ! lunch and no cleanup ! Can life get better ? I submit that it canNOT ! 
Wow . It's freezing . 
? When hygienists leave on long vacations , That's when dentists scream and lose their < PROPFEMALE > ? 
totally wasting my time right now . i'm on facebook when i should be doing something else ... haha . 
I cannot be contained in any container ! 
There is no charge for awesomeness . Or attractiveness . 
that one song is stuck in my head . 
got a whole whopping 1 1/2 hours of sleep last night . Isn't that amazing ? I'm surprised i'm still alive . 
just realized how ridiculous the English language can be sometimes . Why is LAUGH spelled with a U and a G ??? It's pronounced LAFF ! :P 
? WELL SHAKE IT UP , BABY , NOW ! ( shake up baby ) TWIST AND SHOOOUT ! ( twist and shout ) ... ? :] 
Today was so crazy !! i had two tests in the morning , one right after the other , had a whopping bag of gummies for lunch . Then i ... accidentally ... almost died out driving today , ( you might want to stay off the roads from about 6:00 to 7:30 pm ... haha jk ) and i broke a glass just barely . At least i was done with the pudding before i dropped it :) 
I apologize to anyone who has been a victim of my shyness and anti-social weirdness . i don't hate you , i promise ! :) 
has a Veggie Tales song stuck in her head . :D 
? it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... 
Is getting her license this month ! WHOOOOO !!!! 
wow , it's snowing . 
still in my pajamas !! :D 
YES !!! a burger from JCW's!!!!!!!!! and they saved me some fries , too ! 
Two words , my friend . COOKIE . DOUGH . :) 
is eating ice cream with a fork . thank you , thank you (: 
lunch at school today ... was ... AWESOMME !!!! hahahhaaaa ! 
I definitely walk my dog more often than the average teenager ... 
Ladies and gentlemen . Prepare yourself for the most epic event of my entire day : I just ate a peanut-less Peanut M&M . YEAH , I know ! WOW !! 
Great job to everyone who sang in the choir at YWC ! It sounded amazing . 
Somebody tell me why my family is playing Christmas music ? FYI to Stout family : It's EASTER , not Christmas . 
Happy April Fool's , everybody . Let's hope that the weather won't participate next year . 
Conference has been SO good !! :) 
had a wholesome , nutritious breakfast of mint oreos and fudgees . yum ! :) 
has not liked the ACT hanging over her head all vacation like a dead goose . I don't even get to sleep in tomorrow !! 
? Akuna Matata ... What a wonderful phrase !? 
Strawberry salad , kiwi biscuits , and fish pie . ... yum ? 
Is constantly quoting < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ... The people who haven't heard all of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s material probably think I am insane . ha ha 
Oww , carpet burn ! 
I feel bad for my dog . He had the saddest nicknames . 
' It was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day . I think I'll move to Australia . ' (; 
If you only need to wear glasses when you drive , why not just get a prescription windshield ? ( ha ha ) 
Seriously ? I have this much homework TODAY ? Why did it have to actually be WARM today ??? This is torture . 
You are a sad , strange little man , and you have my pity . 
Okay ... I am now getting to get OFF Facebook ... and starting my homework like I was supposed to 3 hours ago . ha ha 
It's May-Eve , and I'm freezing to death . Why ? Because I live in a state with a bipolar weather system . That's why . 
Anyone want a cookie ? Cuz I've got lots at my house ! :D ha ha 
Fezzic , are there rocks ahead ? 
Being sick makes life more miserable than it needs to be . 
Guitars are nice , but they hurt your fingers .. 
I'm not deaf , I just don't eavesdrop . See ? It's actually a POSITIVE thing that you have to shout my name to get me to listen !! :D 
Can't smell or taste anything ! I don't like this illness . 
May 1st was International Tuba Day , so i hope you all got out your tubas and played them , or showed your deep gratitude and appreciation for all those spectacular tubists out there . ( ha ha ) 
I kinda wanted to go to somethin ' at the high school today , but sadly , I was stuck home . Oh , kill-joy ... 
\Look at that guy ! He's got that sissy stringy music thing . \"" 
I kinda wish I could go back to the time when i thought Sloppy-Joes were made out of kangaroos . I loved being a little kid :) 
< PROPFIRST > of the Jungle : He is swift . He is strong . He is sure . He is smart . * SMASHES INTO TREE * He ? \ 
is unconscious . 
I just killed a mosquito with a pencil . MAN I am good ! ha ha jk 
sick of hoooomework . :P too much ... it's too much !!!!!!! yuck . 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Hood , the cartoon version , for the first time ! I can't beLIEVE I've never seen it before . Total classic :) ha ha 
Oreos ! Dipped in melted mint chips !!! MMMMMMMMmmmmmmm 
I just had a really long nap . It was wonderful , but now i won't be able to go to sleep tonight ... again . ... This is not a good cycle . 
It better not snow on my birthday , or i will just ... NOT be very happy . 
I LOVE SCONES ... a lot (: 
Those spiffy spinny-things at discovery park were pretty exciting ... until i spun on them too much and got an epic headache . Heh heh .. ow . 
Summer is very bad with directions . Do not ask her how to get places or you will probably become forever lost . And don't ask her to follow directions either . She can't handle it . Her head will explode . 
Yaaay , i get to give a talk tomorrowww . 
Randomness = AWESOMENESS !!! refrigerator 
goodbye cruel worlllld ! 
My little brother's goldfish is HUGE . Holy mackerel ... 
Hot air balloons are awesome . I really want to ride in one someday ... 
I want to go to Lagoon so bad ... It's killin me , man ! 
I got an awesome little troll guy . His name is Olly . Short for Olliphius . 
Thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday !! 
A good way to handle embarrassing situations is to pretend that they aren't embarrassing ... and then later pretend they never happened ! 
I'm just contemplating how awesome it is to smear shaving cream all over a slide and go down it ... good times :) 
I found thirty-five dollars in my old backpack last night ! :) ... And then i lost five dollars after going to Walmart ... haha . Well , thirty dollars gained ! :D 
Girls camp was fun ! Especially the part where a monkey threw up on me . 
Honestly , it's the honest ones you have to watch out for , ' cause you never know when they're about to do something completely ... stupid . 
Okay , so anyway , yeah ... uh , nevermind ! 
What ? There was a movie at the ballpark and no one invited me ? I am an UPSTANDING citizen of Lehi ! Why does no one tell me these things ??? 
Some of you may die ... but that is a sacrifice I am willing to make . 
You're killing me , Smalls . 
i HATE : mood swings , cameras pointed at me , being indecisive , embarrassing situations ( particularly the ones i idiotically put myself into ) , being so ridiculously shy 
I wish I had perfect vision ... 
I love the smell of rain ! 
You're mocking me , aren't you ? 
go team , go team go ! 
I think i'm going to have more freckles before the summer is over . 
\We'll never survive . \ " \ " Nonsense . You're only saying that because no one ever has . \"" 
Slip ' n ' slide ... an awesome start to my day , i think ! 
Grateful that i don't get allergies . Not so grateful that i get sick over the summer and not the school year . 
They really need to invent a pillow that stays cold . 
I would like a smoothie , please . 
I'm so lazy , it's SAD . 
\I've had it with you and your emotional .. constipation ! \"" 
It's raining ! :) 
I hate being attacked by mosquitos . 
I think I just saw two shooting stars ! REAL ones . (: 
... WHY was that ice cream truck playing Jingle Bells ? 
Nervous , excited , nervous , excited ...? ( not sure how i feel about tomorrow ) And I don't feel very prepared -- they didn't even give me a locker combo . 
Man who catch fly with chopstick accomplish anything . 
GO my favorite sports team , GO ! Yay ! They scored a goal unit ... basket ! Go squadran , do good ! Beat the opponents ... soundly ! 
My laugh box is OUT OF CONTROL . 
* YAAAAAWWWWWWN * 
Captain Crunch is very good cereal . 
I really hate competition ... 
Why do I keep trying ? This is like trying to thread a needle with a sausage ... I guess I'm crazy . 
Yes , I AM an outpatient of Alcatraz . Be afraid . 
I really need to try talking slower . I stumble over my words too much . It's embarrassing . haha 
I really needed that three-hour nap . Too bad I didn't exactly have time for it :) haha , oops ... 
Aahh . I needed that chocolate-covered oreo . 
Thank you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Just a small town girl ... living in a lonely w o-o rld . 
Cookie dough ... I LOVE YOU ! 
You know ... being shy is a very frustrating thing . 
I wish I had a ukulele ... 
I can't believe I haven't seen Toy Story 3 yet ! How did this happen ?! 
I am toast . 
If I had a camera with me all the time , I'd be taking tons of pictures of the sky . 
Yee-haw . :) 
Too old for stake dances ? ... NAHH . Too old for sleep overs ? ... NO WAY !! :) I feel like i'm still 14 . :D 
Is it Friday yet ? 
I just don't know what to be when i grow up . I have no idea ! I'm indecisive !! 
Ah , poor chipmunk . Speachless in my presence ... 
Just wishing I could do the job for you , sir . I'd give her a HAH ! And a HI-YAW ! And a HOOO-WA ! And I kick her , sir . :) 
I am grateful for how warm my house is . Heaters are wonderful things . 
Costco = Lunch . 
My execution date is set for ... tomorrow . It's a pity it had to happen before Thanksgiving break . 
< PROPMALE > , don't be a gooey chocolate chip cookie . 
Layers of Mint-Chocolate Grasshopper Pie . It was love at first bite . 
And now it's times to gorge on sweets ! :D ... again . 
\We need to know the WEIGHT and the GIRTH . \"" 
Seeing isn't believing ; believing is seeing . 
My science homework will take me about five hours to finish ... a saddening truth . 
A very < PROPFEMALE > unbirthday to you ! 
I'm waiting for my fiance . He's a < PROPMALE > . But alas , he cannot marry me unless he renounces his throne . It's tragic , isn't it ? 
\Alright class . You may use the the last five minutes of classtime to share your feelings with each other . \"" 
I'll get over my anti-social shyness ... someday ? Maybe tomorrow ... :] 
I despise science tests . 
You know what makes me happy ? Walking past houses that have their Christmas lights set to music . It's so awesome ! :) 
I'm just beginning to appreciate how fattening sugar cookies really are . It takes a whole package of margerine for one batch . ... No wonder they're so good ! :D 
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas . Only a hippopotamus will do . 
A pun is the lowest form of humor ... unless you thought of it yourself . :) 
It took me forever to type this because my hands are completely numb ... 
The music video for \Stuck on You\ " by Sugarland is hilarious . :) bahaha " 
I want to go to the zoo . 
My family must be trying to fatten me up to eat me for Christmas dinner . There is simply no other explanation for all of this chocolate everwhere . They know I can't resist . 
Tomorrow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . So that makes today ... Christmas < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
Inception ... wow . Most confusing movie I will ever see in my life . But it was awesome ! 
Maan , I want an Xbox Kinect ! 
Well , back to my homework . My excruciating , hair-pulling , nauseating , despicable , over-rated homework . Oh , just kill me now . 
Hello . I'm just announcing that it's almost 3:00 AM and I'm still awake . (: * YAAAAWN * 
Hey ! BYU is gonna be mentioned in an episode of Psych ! :D Sweetnesss ... 
The highlight of my day was hearing < PROPFIRST > Schmidt .... even though for the rest of the day I had to wear a SKIRT because i forgot to bring pants to change into . Oh well , it was so worth it ! :D He's so amazing !! 
I see where we're going with this ... We're bangin ' on all cylinders , now ! 
Today , a certain hallway smelled like bacon the entire day . It practically killed me . 
So I looked out the window , and everything was orange-pink . WHAT IN THE WORLD ??? I felt like I was in a sepia tone picture ! 
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like , and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve . :) 
Double hate . LOATH entirely . 
... more broccoli ? 
Just introduced my lil ' bro to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Yup , I feel like I've done my good deed for the day . (: 
isitchristmas.com = best website i have ever seen . baha 
Why ... am i on facebook ? at twelve in the morning ? 
Shakie shakie shakie ... 
The Indispensable < PROPMALE > and Hobbes . 
Happy SAD ! ( SAD = Singles ' Awareness Day ) :) 
Talent show -- awesomely done :) 
something with frosting sounds nice .... 
My mother makes great CORNED BEEF AND CABBAGE ! ... It's MAGICALLY DELICIOUS ! ( ALL CAPS = spoken in < PROPFEMALE > accent ) :) 
Jimmer'd: to be completely and utterly powned in a game of basketball . 
Free pancakes ... make me very happy . :) 
Well ... you know ... hi and stuff . 
I think the best part was doing the wave as the sweeper guys passed us . ( I got a huge kick out of that . haha . Seriously , i almost died laughing ... cuz i laugh at stuff like that . ) 
That was a good 3 hour nap . I just kind of wish it could have taken up the rest of the day , too ... a day of hybernation would be nice . :) 
Who woulda thought you could start out with a paperclip and end up with a recliner ? :) 
Stupid paper . 
I need to be more better and less worse . 
B-Y-U ! and Twizzlers . Awesome day . 
\Don't punch ...... our car . \"" 
Tomorrow , I am going to be very blue ... BYU blue , to be exact . :) 
Well , BYU , we had a great season . And Jimmer still rules . :) 
I don't understand fishing metaphors !!! 
Cranberry juice + white T-shirt = Awesomeness . 
I used to finish my sentences , but 
A frying pan ... is a deadly weapon . 
NCAA National Championship !!! heck yes . 
Whenever we buy a bag of peanut m&ms , I always bite them in half one at a time and find a few that have no peanut in them ! There's nothin ' but chocolate ! And there's always four or five in every bag ! :) ( yeah , i guess i'm easily entertained ... ) 
I don't like the fact that i already have my schedule set up for college . It feels so ... ADULT-ish . And frankly , I'm not ready to be an adult just yet . 
Yup . I threw up at school . It was ... fun . 
Y'know , I think the cookie dough is better than the actual cookies . 
\That book was accidentally destroyed maliciously . \"" 
< PROPMALE > crackers + frosting = HEAVEN :) 
Cough drops are DISGUSTING . 
HUGE killer < PROPFEMALE > nest in my yard ! AAH !!! 
I am not a stalker ! ... Oh , by the way , you're out of milk and eggs . 
Well , my computer works now . ... and that's all i have to say . yup . 
Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons ? 
Chocolate heals my stress . Thank you , chocolate . 
I am finally out of FLEX time . FINALLY !! I don't have to starve for an extra twenty minutes while everyone else goes to eat !!! :D Man , i thought it would never END ... 
My cat loves spaghetti and ice cream . My dog loves socks . ( No , he doesn't just chew on them -- he actually eats people's sweaty socks . ) 
began eating her cereal with a fork ... then suddenly realized what a stupid idea that was . 
Uh ... was the world scheduled to end today or something ? I thought that was next year ! 
I had a dream ... once ... 
FUNDAMENTALS ! * clap clap , clapclapclap * 
I am a despicable human being ... 
Grad night was fun ! I love Comedy Sports . :) 
? ... I'm not inclined to resign to maturity ... ? 
I am TERRIBLE at opening envelopes . 
An apple a day keeps anyone away , if thrown hard enough . :) 
The highlight of my childhood was talking into fans to hear my robot voice . 
\Normal\ " is just a setting on a washing machine . " 
It's a big , blue-ish green man ... with a strange looking goatee ... I'm guessing that's significant . * hugs statue * 
\You see this contact lense Flint LockWOOD ? This contact lense represents you . And my EYE represents my EYE . I've got my EYE . ON . YOOU . \"" 
? But I would walk five hundred < PROPMALE > , and I would walk five hundred more ... ? 
My life has recently taken a dramatic leap from \undemanding\ " to \ " overwhelming . \ " It's insane !... and strangely fun . :) " 
I really hate it when my car stalls at stoplights . And I'm quite certain that the people who get stuck behind me hate it even more ... 
After several hours of extreme confuzzlement ... I have finally deciphered the bus schedule ! Success . 
