Thank you everyone for the Happy Birthdays it was a great day 

My Bday pool party today at 4pm . If you know where I live just come on . If not message me for address 
Thank you to all the people that came to the party . Did not expect to see over 100 of you here . It was awesome . Thanks 
My best friend , the one who saw me through the tough times . And loved me and others no matter the circumstance . Has passed away at noon today . Her name < PROPFIRST > Bobbit . Her effect on me will last forever . She tought me love and patience . She was my BEST FRIEND and may she RIP . There will always be a special place in my heart for you Age . Now you can be what you have always been to me an ANGEL FROM HEAVEN 
Everyone that wants information about age please go to her facebook < PROPFIRST > bobbit her sister will post info . 
Hey I wanted to let you all know that < PROPFIRST>'s viewing will be at Christian Life Church on Monticello Dr. in Montgomery . The viewing is from 12:00 - 2:00 this friday and then following will be a service for her . Thank you ! 
Need A job any ideas guys . 
Organizational Meeting this Sunday at 5pm at 821 S . < PROPFIRST > St. 
yone going to bham from montgomery tonight 
meant to say anyone going to bham tonite from montgomery i wanna go party lol 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > = Burlesque the Movie OMG 
322 tonight hope its poppin 
Going to the 2nd Sunday Pot Luck dinner at the KBEC 821 S . < PROPFIRST > Street . Everyone is welcome . 
I am lost without my phone . WAKE UP < PROPFIRST > I LEFT IT IN YOUR CAR 
Thinking about joining the Air Force . Anyone have any opinions ? 
62 - 13 ROLL TIDE EVERYONE 
Im starting to wonder if living is worth this anymore . Im so down I just wanna give up on life . My best friend makes out with my boyfriend and then gets mad at me . Im just so down right now i dont know what may happen and quite frankly idc anymore . Fuck Men im not going to let it change me . Im going to be who I am and continue to care and help others and forget about close friends . I dont need them !!! 
Feeling better this morning guys . Sry to freak out last night i was just very upset . 
Car Wash Pride Fundraiser this Sat , at 9am at the Unitarian Church on Atl Hwy . Come join us 
ROLL TIDE CONTINUES TO ROLL 
Come check The Village Kitchen tonight . Grand Opening Weekend . Great food at great prices with a fun and beautiful waiter ME . haha 5 < PROPFEMALE > restaurant Come out tonight and ask for \james\ " its on Cloverdale road . in the old < PROPFEMALE > Pattersons building " 
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ”\ 
\ 
Dr. Seuss 
I HATE THIS NUMBER GAME 
#002 You are my sister . I love you and you will always have a special place in my heart . I miss you and am sad that we have not talked in a while . 
Pennsacola trip planned looking for 3 more friends to join us . We have a house on the beach . its $100 deposit and $225 at the end of april . Please lmk asap we are a mile away from the event on the beach . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but chains and whips excite me . 
