nose hurts 

singing strings 
Spirit Mountain :) 
Tennis ! :D 
With < PROPFIRST > :) 
when is senior skip day ? 
Oh so tired . :/ 
Divinations 
Where are the parties on grad night ?! 
Don't say a word , just come over and lie here with me . ' Cause I'm just about to set fire to everything I see . I want you so bad I'll go back on the things I believe . 
When all else fails , smash the guitar . 
I cheated myself , like i knew i would . 
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities . 
Blue :( 
I've got a hammer and heart of glass . I've got to know right now which walls to smash . 
I hate the sinking feeling I have , because I know my something good is about to end . 
nos·tal·gi·a \ 
n . \ 
\ 
1 . \ 
A bittersweet longing for things , persons , or situations of the past . 
Reunited and it feels so good 
:O 
Growing old is mandatory ; growing up is optional . 
I'm going to cut my back off of my body . 
Sometimes you just gotta take one for the team . 
The walk of shame . Can't wait until it's the drive of shame . 
The best way to get even is to forget . 
I was a killer was the best they'd ever seen . I'd steal your heart before you ever heard a thing . 
Don't shit where you eat . 
Not burnin ' those bridges ; I guarantee I'll need to cross them later . 
Who needs enemies when you have these ' so called ' friends ? 
She got broken by the cop .. 
We read a book in a nook , and my pen shook ... 
The ability to change is a valuable asset . Our future may indeed depend on our ability to change easily and wisely . 
You think you're bad ? You don't know how enthused I am to screw you over . 
Jokes on you ;) 
Who can have enough good stuff ? 
I love you me . Though your face gets overdramatic at times . I accept . 
Got my mp3 charger to work . Sweet :) 
The night is indeed young . 
I feel good . :) 
Whats the point ? 
The situation is too volatile to grasp control of . 
I got a cold heart , I ain't gonna lie , but that shit right there made me cry . 
I love the smell of the rain that once was . 
There are things known and there are things unknown , and in between are the doors . 
You make a grown man cry 
It's a genuine happy 
What's perkin ? 
I would be more apathetic if I weren't so lethargic 
stir crazy 
Hawthorne area is awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > is my newly acquired virtue . Can't bring me down . :) 
I'm in such a great mood . 
Gotcha :) 
I love my job 
i love my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
:) \ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZCYYYYYYYYUS 
I did it on ' em 
It disgusts me how self absorbed some people are . 
Whoever trusts in his riches will fall , but the righteous will flourish like a green leaf . 
:) 
Better late than never , but never late is better . 
If you ask me I'm ready . 
Because I haven't hit the pinnacles I've planned to reach 
It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees 
Everytime my balance is fine , but I was just walking on one fine wire . 
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace 
You'd think after three years , you'd get over me girl . 
Sick as a dog . 
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear 
It's just one of them days 
Corvallis , here I come . :) 
Even < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , said she couldn't doubt me 
Corvallis sucked . Series of unfortunate events . 
Remember , a thought can change a life , for a thought held long enough is an attitude , and an attitude held long enough is a behavior . 
