It ain't even really 2011 and I'm already tired of 2010 

Play row sham bow ... for your life ! 
Headin back to NY today , feelin like shit , WLC here I come ... FUCK ! 
everything your looking for lies behind the mask you were 
uuuggggghhhhhh .... damn 151 
... thiers a doaller inside of every second today ... 
We ignore the ones that adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones who hurt us , & hurt the ones that love us !!!!!!! 
God : < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; The courage to change the things I can ; And the wisdom to know the difference ... 
... Ima < PROPFEMALE > quita , I come sicka then the rest , And I fucking know that im F.R.E.S.H. , GOD BLESS ... 
... Once you hit the rut that is deppresion ; its hard to get out , but sooo easy to stay there ... 
... so watch me bloom , out of this blackend cacoon , cause if i go back into gloom , im just askin for doom ... 
... sickly depressed , deep down in this chest , needin an pleadin for rest , but fienin bleedin to be the best , the gloom has consumed no room left , so is it true will there be doom if this resumes take a guess ... 
... WE KEEP HUSTLIN , WE KEEP GRINDIN , WE KEEP HUSTLIN , WE KEEP GRINDIN ... 
... like the coldest winter chill , hevan beside you hell with in ... 
... welcome my son , welcome to the machine ... 
woke up in the mornin wit my head on backwards , went from street life to an underground master , dont you think you know my story cause thiers to much to tell , just know ive been on the grind and ive benn doin well 
... cause its all in my head , i think about it over and over again ... 
... another day , another dollar , gotta keep it fresh and unreal , yall know how i do ... 
what is life ? life is like a big obstical , in front of your optical to slow you down , and everytime you think youve got past it , its gonna come back around and tackle you down to the damn ground ... ( i thought i was done wit this shit * sigh *) 
... gotta keep keppin on , motha fucka thats word ... 
... fucking wit a killas bitch can fuck everybody in the long run , dont do it man keep your dumb < PROPMALE > in your pants , your better off beatin off , exspecially fuckin wit my bitch , fuck around and theyll find bullet holes in your forehead ... 
Wow facebook on my phone is still as lame as facebook on my comp proving that mafia wars is the only reason people have a facebook LMAO 
lol i love people , i love people to the point of strangelation 
the mind is numb , the body hurts , and the soul is in question , and yall still wonder how the dead do it 
Staff duty with hartly and < PROPFIRST > , either tonight is gonna be realy long or interesting , guess well find out ... 
Ahhhh pizza and < PROPFEMALE > wars now all I need are boobs and a man would be at peace lol 
Fuck 5 hour energy drinks they dont do shit , just took one and im still breaking my neck over here , god I hate my job 
Damn yall 4-25 holdin it down this weekend yo , gotta love the wolfpack , HOOAH !!! LMAO 
AHHHHHH !!!! finally out of that place ... goodbye weekend i never knew thee 
things seem to be all jesus , still need to get some priorites in order but things actually seem to be going my way , so what it took 22 years lol , i aint hatin just statin 
Theres a dollar living inside of every second inside today , crime will pave the way , lets be real mama I aint changed 
Your society has created a FREAK fuled by INJUSTICE and HYPOCRACY/Here to DESTROY your Comunist produced Democracy/A blood thirsty CREATURE with NO SIGN of remorse/With DEATH trailing behind HIM atop a HEADLESS BLACK HORSE/Flames call HIS Name leaves INSANE effects on the BRAIN/But at the END all YOU will know is one word PAIN/So board all the windows and all your doors/Cause HE wont stop till all YOU know is NO MORE 
This is how they gotta nigga feelin , I done fell into reallity ... 
Comin up from syracuse busttin the chop chop slide wit Liz ... ahh gotta love it lol 
just got back from driving wit < PROPFIRST > , road test friday , wish me luck yall 
gotta love being the underdog but coming out on top , love it love it i love it , scrub life 4 real yo 
24 hour duty again in this piece , ima depend on my fellow creatures of the night and insomniacs on this one :P 
\this room smells like the Sleeping Pills i tried to kill myself with\ " \ 
ugghhh long nite mixed wit an early morning destined to be a long day , feels like a coctail mixed for disater and destined for a bad day of short temper and sleep deprevasion ... so pretty much just another day , gotta love it 
... brain .... so .... dead ... 
I can't feel my faith can't recall my crime\ 
I think I sealed my fate along the way I may have lost my mind\ 
I guess we're all damaged in our own way\ 
Alone in our own way\ 
Distant headlights desolate highway 
Took the road test and passed , waiting on the license in the mail ... now to get a car FUCK !!! Lol 
A huge crack in the universe opens and all the dead people fromthe past start falling through ; Babe < PROPFEMALE > , Grocho Marks , < PROPMALE > y Crockette , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Porkey Pig , Hitler , Janes Joplin , < PROPMALE > Ludin , my Uncle < PROPMALE > , your Uncle < PROPMALE > , everybodys Uncle < PROPMALE > , a endless stream of dead Uncle < PROPMALE > falling through the crack ... 
... and these pills to try to help these ills , took to much and all i can fill is chills , wakin up in a hospital bed thinkin not again , so repent me cause all my life is just one big sin ... 
CALL ME CPT HOWDY ... 
... killed everyone , going away forever , BUT IM FEELIN BETTER !!! 
... 24 hour duty again * cough cough * i feel like swalloing a bullet wit this sick shit * cough cough * ... oh yea and i thought we killed the nazis in WWII * cough cough * i guess some survived and made into our chain of comand * cough cough * ... fuck 
DAMNS YOU NAZIS , DAMNS YOU !!! 
... im not like other guys , im quick to blacken your eyes ... 
... YOUVE GOTTA BE FUCKIN KIDDING ME ... 
... all your believes can not desolve your sin ... 
\It's called the American Dream 
if yall could go back and change something in your past , would you ? and if so what would it be ? 
sometimes i lie awake at night tryin to figure it out , is my life going north or is it heading south , im walkin a fence between wrong or right , trying to keep a level head and keep my goals in sight , but its hard as hell in this world today , friends ive known for many years started acting strange , things i cared about before have seem to fade away , all im left with is questions of when this will change 
And I just can't keep living this way\ 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons\ 
I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground\ 
I've had enough , now I'm so fed up\ 
Time to put my life back together right now 
is anybody out there ? it feels like i keep talkin to myself\ 
no one seems to know my struggle , and everything i come from\ 
can anybody hear me ? i guess i keep talkin to myself\ 
it feels like im going insane , am i the one whos crazy ? \ 
so why in the world do i feel so alone\ 
no < PROPMALE > but me im on my own\ 
is there anybody out there that feels the way i feel\ 
if there is let me in so i know im not the only one 
HOPEFULLY !!! just hopefully , the deallership will call me today and tell me they got my < PROPFEMALE > and i can pick up my impala today ... gangster 
got my impala yesterday , ahhhh love it ... but still cant help but feel the debt of it , gotta love being a consumer yo 
really ? 4 really real ?...... 
god i hate mondays ... i feel like im stuck on pause and rewind , wait !?!? ive been here before ... 
looks like things are in sight ive just gotta play my cards right yo 
most likely leaving today for a funeral and wont be back till monday ... this weekend should be interesting , wish us luck yall 
So we left this morning cause the army wanted to save money for traveling spences but now were probablly ggonna be late and most likely < PROPMALE > up gettin the body off the bird ... go army !!! 
Made the paper today and the news ... today is gonna be big alot of people are gonna be there but nothing compared to tomorrow 
Todays the big day , we put our fallen brother into the ground ... R.I.P. Spc . < PROPFIRST > Thompson 
uggggh just got back its so time 4 a shower and then bed .... oh btw KCT is the new shit , henessy , sprit and lemon or lime ( both good ) 
HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha HA Ha 
once you think its different you find out that its really just the same 
swimming is the shit , can openers , front flips , flying squirls ... but 3 days in a row not so much , that shit wears you out 
torn between , the life that i lead , the way that i am , and how i should be .... 
big money hustlers and KCT's ... excellent , now im waitin for rustlas to com out 
another day , another dollar 
on a dark winters day a < PROPFEMALE > asked her son to tell her a story , the son started with : \there was a man dwelt by a churchyard ... \ " but then at that moment the < PROPMALE > came in and arrested the < PROPFEMALE > . how would you finish the story ? " 
... fuck it ... 
range all day yesterday and night fire , funeral tomorrow and monday , i guess its true what they say ... NO REST FOR THE WICKED !!! 
... mentals , mentals , mentals , mentals ... 
uhhhhh i dunno .... what is on my mind ..... ummmm .... fuck , can you repeat the question ? 
as soon as you think youve closed a can of worms it blows back in your face full force 
wow ... just wow ... 
Life is fucking awesome and I love it 
Turning 22 today ... life has changed a lot since the 21st b day ... wow its crazy how much has changed , makes me anxious to see the 23rd one ... 
Here is a man whose latent genius , if unleashed , would rock the nation , whose dynamic energy would over power those around him . Better let him sleep ? 
If you really love someone , but can see that there's a lot of pain and hurt in your future would you : A . Cut it off now B . < PROPMALE > it out 
... everyday we pray , yes we pray ... 
Lol I got an app on my phone for a word of the day and todays word is shananagian lol 
riddle me this , riddle me that ... \ 
whos afraid of the big black bat ? 
I'm waking up still in a fog wondering , is this really my reaity ... 
... and i love the juggalettes like peach faygo !!!!! 
i want to have your abortion 
I'm different , I'm not like you , I'm different , I like fucking wit voodoo , I'm different , I come from the otherside , I'm different , I've seen the dead come aliv 
is stuck in the melancholy maze , looking for his way out 
What's everyones favorite < PROPFEMALE > wars moment ? 
Rule # 13 : if you see an angry chainsaw zombie running at you RUN FOR YOUR LIFE !!! 
In your pockets you've got , a piece of bubble gum , a casset tape , and a picture of your dogs abortion , there's an hour till the world ends , what would you do ... 
if you could kill any one person , past , present , or future , who would it be and how ? 
Yeah , my lifes a bitch but you know nothing about her , been to hell and back , I can show you vouchers , married to the game but she broke our vowles 
is it bad if i have to tell myself to stop picking on myself in my head ? 
Gotta love it , gotta love it , gotta love it , or else you'll go crazy ... 
ROCK LOBESTER !!! 
I want a blunt ... 
If you wake up and the first thing out of your mouth is , did I pull out last night ? I'm voting it was a good night 
another good day , i think ima call it a night wit some rustlas and pokemon , SCRUBLIFE !!! 
If you could go to a concert and see anyone past or present ( in there prime ) who would you see ? 
This consecative little hours of sleep is getting to me , its hard being a creature of the night in a world of light ... 
Life has been really good lately , the good has deffinitlly out weighed the bad , just gotta remember to keep relaxed and not loose my head , SCRUB LIFE !!! 
* crazy kung fu ninja samuri eyes * Ahhhhh We meet again !!! 
Have you seen my baseball ? 
Broken wings mend in time 
Dont think you know my story , cause there's to much to tell , just know that I've been on the grind and I've been doin well 
Its Friday , I'm high , I'm drunk , lookin for a bitch , just wanna dance ... 
Life is fucking awesome 
Watching night of champions at the commons on a big screen , one word ... GANGSTER 
its time , its here , the time is now , the cage door is open , and its on ... 
Just passed H8 = GANGSTER , having to go back to Golf = So not Gangster 
>:)) ...... thats all i have to say 
Augets 13 , 2012 ... the countdown begins 
Is it possiable to feel your brain rot in your head 
If god has fialed , and satan isn't there , your the only one left ... some how I feel that's worst then the first 2 choices 
Blood Thirsty & Money Hungry 
Man < PROPFEMALE > for life fool !!! 
todays offical word is , Narf !!! 
... BOOBS ... 
... Its not our intention , to leave you infected , its the way we feel inside , and can it be corrected ? 
... i can die right now rebirth mutha fucka , get in my spaceship and leave earth mutha fucka , im gone ... 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Yes , an honest prostitute dose more then help herself . She is good for the comunity . 
Who else do you know listens to Bone Thugs and reads a book on Manson to relax ? 
I wish that I had something that could automatically write down what goes on in my head 
Todays the first time I saw the sun for the last 4 days 
Sooo close but yet oh so far away 
... the sun is gone but I have a light ... 
A chemical imballance ballanced by a chemical the irony kills me 
Still workin on a 4 day weekend ... 
IT FEELS SO GOOD TO BE BACK !!!!! 
... id rather die from being real , then live from being fake ... 
holy fuck ?!? < PROPMALE > hardy just turned heel ?!?!?!?... 
... standing on the edge and ready to fall ... 
my brains not insane , but im insane , if you know what im saying ... LUCIFER !!! 
im stuck in a world that i dont wanna be in , but i know that theres no way out , it burns inside everytime i rhyme , but theres no way out ... 
So yea was gonna hit up The Old Shit Tour next Monday , but what's that oh y'all put it off till december , SWWWEEEET !!! Ima go insane in this bitch 4 real ... 
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence * slaps knee * 
what if i told you i was crazy ?... strange ?... would you believe me ?... or what if it was YOU that broke the boundries of reality and it is I that is perfectlly sane ... 
There's a difference between Women & Bitches : All Women have Bitch qualities in them ; but not all Bitches have Women qualites ... 
You have a face I would love to cum on 
Just got done wit a book about Manson , pretty good 
H.a. h.A. H.a. h.A. H.a. h.A. H.a. h.A. 
for all of you that have wondered how im doing or how ive been , this is the best and clearest that i can describe it : its like that game were you have a circle , then you have a ball in the background that you try to keep it in the circle but it vibrates and jupms around from slight movement , but the longer the game goes the harder and harder it is to keep the ball in the circle ... B.T.M.H. 
Off to luisianna ... 
Cube said it best : \today was a good day ... \"" 
Y'all ever feel like you got hit by a wave of melecholy ? I feel like I'm constantly swiming in it ... 
Starve your fear , feed your life , you'll find that you might , be complety different all together , then you decide witch one you like better 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , the jigsaw killah ... manson , bundy , dahlmer , I'm a straight killah ... 
They say a man is measured in life by the things he has , and is haunted by the things hell never have ... 
B.T.M.H. 
You've gotta live like no one will , so you can live like no one can 
So close to going back to ny , then thanksgiving , then twiztid , then icp , then I'm going going back back to cali cali 
Alright geronimo , fuck y'all bitches , I'm chucking up the duces 
Wear your heart on a sleeve , Make things hard to believe 
IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD TO BE BAAAACK !!! 
im drunk , im high , lookin for a bitch , and just wanna dance 
OMG !!! He just shocked the maggots off his nuts !!! 
i deffinitlly think today is a sublime day 
should i fight , or should i run\ 
should i hide , or get my gun\ 
i cant decide ... 
pfffffttt 
i think my arm pit hair is tickeling her cooter 
TWIZTIDTONIGHT BITCHES !!! 
Well it seems everything is pointing to leaving in febuary instead of april , I just hope I make it back in one piece , wit how its been , I'm not so sure ... 
10 days , 10 days till i start leave , 11 till icp , and 12 till im home . december needs to hurry the fuck up !!! 
I'm not telling you its gonna be easy ; I'm telling you its gonna be worth it ... 
im gettin tired of dealing wit the same echoes from my past 
7 more days , 7 more days , just gotta survive this week 
I just got 5704ft on kitten cannon , that's ungodly to far for one poor monkey corps to fly lmao 
aug/sep/oct : training/field , nov : jrtc , dec/jan : predeployment packing/training , feb : deployment ; when was this slow down period sapoust to kick into effect ? 
5 more days till i come home , i hope this trip back will actually do me some good 
If you could look through my eyes for one day , tell me , what would you see ? 
ive got two things in this world , my word and my balls , and im not breakin em for no body 
tomorrow icp , monday headin home , alright december lets go 
Icp tonight , that makes it 5 times , 5 time , 5time , 5 time , 5 TIME , World Champion !!! 
I'm going going , back back , to cali cali ... 
So close it hurts 
Really ! I've been on this plane for about an hour and were still on the runway 
Playing magic wit the brothers good times 
Beer pong wit my cuz , who's gettin married this week , RANDOM !!! But good times 
It feels good to be away from the army , but I still can't seem to relax , oh well to bad for getting some rest down here 
Everybody gets chacolate pudding !!! 
Have I sold out or sold in ? 
Todays x-mas , that meens today I'm the grench 
That I have something to say but dunno what it is 
So hopefully ill be able to get my joker tatoo 
gettin my joker , can't wait till its done 
All I can do is shake my head 
STILL .... all I can do is shake my head 
Kickin it wit an old ass homie from back in the day , life is good 
Bubble gum makes me wanna kill people 
Its time to get outta here 
B.T.M.H. its on !!! 
anyone play magic ? i recently broke down and bought some decks , and wanna know who wants to get slaughtered ? 
alright of to WLC wit ZERO sleep , 2011 is already rubbing me the wrong way 
Mutha Fackoo got PAID today ! 
uggh , today already blows 
damn this first week back has whooped my ass , its friday and ill probablly be passed out by 8 o'clock tonight , lol i feel so old 
Roads are red and I'm at the M2 range , I'm prayin to god they don't go black , ain't tryin to sleep out here 
Saturdat my car was fine , Sunday it was having a nervous breakdown , now today its totally dead ... FUCK ! 
YES !!! YES !!! YES !!! VICTORY !!! Its alive , my car is alive once again !!! 
I am the begining of the end , and the end of time and space , I'm essential to creation and surround every place , what am I ? 
A wife shoots her husband , then holds him under water for 5 mins , then hangs him . Afterwards they enjoy a glass of lemonade , how can this be ? 
Today is a good day 
Is having a momentary laps of reason from a series of unfortunate events 
We could die at anytime , the tragedy is that we dont 
Is having < PROPFEMALE > vu 
I am a rock group with 4 members , with all whom are dead , one that was assassinated . What am I ? 
I come in different shapes and sizes . Parts of me are curves , parts of me are straight . You can put me anywere , but there's only one place for me . What am I ? 
I swear 2010 was just a huge fucking circle , and now 2011 is gonna be a repeat of 2009 , how am I sapost to move forward when I'm stuck in rewind ? 
whos your favorite batman villian ? ( other then joker ) 
Bout to go see the < PROPMALE > Rumble , my money is on Undertaker if he comes back , if not then probablly < PROPFIRST > gay ass cena 
Disel is back in wwe < PROPFEMALE > shit 
WLC Day 0 ... Enough Said ... 
What up fb peeps how y'all doin ? 
all right yall ima be deleting my facebook soon so if i dont have any other way to keep in touch wit you get at me before i do 
What up y'all ain't talked to y'all in a while , just wanted to stop by and see how y'all doin ? 
ive gone so far , im back again 
cant sleep 
went to my first magic tournament last night , got my ass handed to me lok , but it was still fun 
i know i usually use this site for hate , or bitchin , but i wanna use this moment and show some love to friends , family , etc . i love yall , B.T.M.H. 4 life , scrub life 
B.T.M.H. SCRUB LIFE 
Its creepin on in 
its creepin up 
17 and counting 
off to another magic tournament tonight yall wish me luck 
megamind on imax equals two words : KICK ASS !!! 
the quazars ... of mars .. sweet delightfull ... candy bars 
let the 4 day comence , last weekend before i deploy , lets make it a good one 
have you ever cought yourself thinking about your life and then having a sudden erge to vomit ? ive been getting that shit alot lately ... 
whats your fav thing to have after sex ? and dont say a cigarette , be more origina yall 
saturday at noon im out , if yall wanna contact me , do it before then 
cleaning cleaning cleaning 
officially out of the states 
i wanna give a shout out to all of my friends , family , brothers , sisters , love intrest , x's , anyone who knows me , or anyone who knew me , i love yall , keep your head up and ill see you when i see you , im out ... B.T.M.H. SCRUB LIFE 
im at my fob now and its pretty fresh . not as fresh as me , but fresh 
alright yall lets get this mother fuckin year started 
first to bed , first to rise . makes a man healthy , wealthy , and wise 
tag , your it ... 
no way once again , no way 
im happy and sad right now , i dunno what to think , i swear im worst then a female sometimes 
doing alot better then i have been , i feel like today is my day 
for anyone whos readin this , just wanna say keep your head up and remember to smile once and a while , its better then you think 
1 month down 
were dieing to change our ways\ 
and the pain of our yesterdays\ 
adds to the weight upon our backs\ 
as sure as we live today\ 
we pray it all will go away\ 
and wont turn our light to black 
ive been writing my ass of lately , god i need to get back to the states , i feel like im wasting time over here ... SCRUB LIFE , B.T.M.H. 
