Remember ... feeding the wolves can leave you without fingers . 

The traffic looks horrible on 610 right now and I have to go get in it ! ( sigh ) 
I haven't played World or Warcraft since February ... I think I'm gotten over the withdrawal symptoms ! No shakes and I've stopped eating everything in sight ! 
Be very careful out there today . I passed nearly a dozen police cars on my way to Pasadena and back this morning . The loop , hwy 288 , the beltway and hwy 45 ... they were out in force . I think I even say them stop a big wheel ! 
On the way back to Pasadena ... watch for the police ! THE BLOCK IS HOT !!!!!!!!! 
Spinach salad ... the breakfast of champions ! And Popeye ! 
The rain has stopped ! Gonna take the family on a fishing trip tomorrow . Have to catch what you can before the oil mucks it all up ! 
Fishing trip went great ! My son caught his first fish on a pole I used when my Dad first taught me how to fish ! 
can't wait for his first day on the HAA resident relations committee !! 
is so excited for his youngest daughter , < PROPFEMALE > . She will be attending HSPVA next year ! You GO < PROPFEMALE > ! Show them who the next < PROPFEMALE > Keys will be !!!!!!!! 
You can spend days and nights hating on me . But you can never take my shine ! 
I miss World of Warcraft !! 
misses Kuvy , Nightmagic and the entire Destructions Doorstep guild . Darkcraft still lives ! 
wonders when was the last time YOU had \rind-on\ " bacon . I miss the old days ! " 
wonders where Monk , Mornar , Draven and all his other good friends are . I miss you guys ! Night , Kuvy ... Fhoe's eatin ' the bunnies again ! 
says , \the < PROPFEMALE > is full - the wind still ... LET'S GO FISHIN'!\ "" 
Fishing was great ! Wish you all could have made it ! 
says , \A clear conscience is evidence of a bad memory . \"" 
says , \Kiss me and I'll kiss you back ! \"" 
says \give yourself to the dark side ! \"" 
is depressed ... car accidents suck . 
And as if the car accident was not enough ... my laptop is busted ! Okay ... now I really need cheering up . 
says \to always strive to be a better person or to make the world around you a better place or to enrich your life or the lives of those you love is the secret to that most elusive of goals : a sense of accomplishment . \"" 
I am proofing my manuscript one last time . I want to be published before 2012 . 
wonders why he continues to trust those people who continue to disappoint him . Time to harden the old heart and turn the old back ! 
is pasadena bound . 
loves the crab bisque from < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack . Try it ! 
say , \A leader who hides when danger reveals itself is no leader at all . \"" 
it was a good day ! 
\My common sense is tingling ... \"" 
You'll forgive me if I ... overstated ... certain matters . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ; a beautiful day in the neighborhood - would you be mine ... would you be mine ? 
One of DC's fav idol quotes : \Power !!! Un-limited ... POWER !!!! \"" 
Guys ... stop being par t-t ime fathers . Give time , not just a monthly check . It takes a real man to teach a young boy how to be a real man . It IS your responsibility ... stop making excuses ! 
wants to run amuck ... burning all the farms in Farmville ! 
You mean ... I'm not ?!?! 
Count your blessings ... it could be much worse . 
Lead by example , men . 
You are not a product of your environment . You are who you choose to be ! 
Spent some time with my Father . I never realized how much I missed days like this . 
The words and friendship of a stranger can mean more than anything . 
The forecasted high for Sunday is 100 degrees . Okay ... I know I am not alone when I say I'd rather have the rain ! 
to quote < PROPFIRST > Rock \Married and bored ... single and lonely ; aint no happiness nowhere \"." 
\Running away is disorderly . Departing is strategic . \"" 
Wow ... I feel like a wet dish rag . Even at 7:30 am I broke enough of a sweat to look like I fell in the pool . And I have another property wall at 11am ! 
Chaos fosters growth ... \What do you want ? \"" 
Skepticism is the language of the mind ... what does your heart say ? 
Tyrant : \You confronted me seeking a challenge ?? Are you MAD ??? \ " \ 
I've heard a lot of chatter from the MOMs out there ... but I KNOW there are some good DADs out there who are making it happen for the kids at the beginning of the school year ! \ 
\ 
Be the best dad ever and ask your kids how their day went ! It means the world to them ! 
Greater than the death of the flesh is the death of hope ; the death of dreams . Against this peril we can NEVER surrender . 
\Rogues do it from behind . \ " -unknown rogue " 
Pootie Tang and Black Dynamite ... what a line up tonight ! 
Got some Texan tickets ! Let's dooooo this ! 
\I don't hate you - I just want to save you . While there's still something left to save . \"" 
Ha Haaa ! I just beat my 16 year old daughter in a foot race . I guess the old man still has some get up and go ! \Don't you ruuuuuuuuun from me ! \"" 
Should NOT have eaten those ox-tails for lunch . Now I have the ITIS ! 
I am ... who I have always been . 
You have to create your future ... or others will do it for you . 
\I love you but I'm not the answer to the questions you still have . \"" 
Eviction court is never fun . 
Why do people turn away from those that would help them and embrace those that would hurt them ? 
\I was the one that was lifting you up when you thought your life had had enough ... \"" 
Is this the threshold to a fantasy ? 
The most compelling , sinister lie ... is the truth . 
\From Hell's heart I stab at thee . For hate's sake I spit my last breath at thee ! \ " Khan from Wrath of Khan " 
If you have a great dad ... a spectacular father figure or know someone who fits this description ... give him a < PROPFIRST > on the back . It's hard to find strong male leaders and role models . So show those that stand strong that you appreciate the efforts they make . 
As I look back at the accomplishments in my life , none are more worthy than the raising of my children . I gladly pass the torch to them with the knowledge that I have given them the tools and lessons necessary for them to continue to grow and become successful in life . \ 
It is my hope that they will share the lessons and knowledge they gained from me with their families when that time comes . \ 
They are my legacy . 
And the rock cried out , \There's no hiding place ! \"" 
Betrayal-most foul and vile ! 
The need to control , taken to extremes , leads to fear of change , suppression of new ideas and intolerance of anything different . \ 
Ambition , taken to extremes , leads to the determination to seize power at all costs - enslavement . Desires can become obsessions , leading to greed , lust avarice and jealousy . \ 
Freedom - taken to extremes - is anarchy . 
Q : Will you ever leave your marriage ? 
The sins of the father are suffered by the son . The question remains ... is the son strong enough to shoulder the burden ? 
\Life is the result of the struggle between dynamic opposites . Form and Chaos ... Substance and Oblivion ... Light and Dark and all the different variations of Yin and Yang . \"" 
With a photographic memory\ 
I could live in a time that used to be . 
Listen to the music ... not the song . 
The Cataclysm is upon us ! To my brothers and sisters in arms ... fight well and know that Darkcraft's spells and Fhoehammer's axe are with you in spirit ! FOR THE ALLIANCE !!!!!! 
1731 - when I first met you I knew you were a class act . As I got to know you I realized just how good your are at what you do ! I learned a lot from you . 
13 - Each time we speak I find myself smiling so wide it makes me feel like a kid again . 
69 - I find myself drawn to you free spirit . I look forward to getting to know you better . 
13 - the magic in me is there because of your smile . 
#281 - You have always been like a daughter to me . I have watched you grow , get your degree and then some . You have never let me down when it comes to your drive and determination . And as I've told you many times in the past ... I would be proud to see my own daughters accomplish what I have seen you accomplish . 
Some favors come at too high a price ... 
The past can never be relived ... but it can be remembered . 
Tears don't always wash away the pain . 
officially drunk for the first time in my life . 
Wow ... spoke too soon . monstrous headache and sour stomach . 
For all things ... there is a season . But winter's cold touch will not weaken my resolve . 
\Oh ... you're THE Reggie ... \ " I wonder just what that meant ? HA HAAAAA ! " 
Riddle me this : What is the one question nobody can every truthfully answer \yes\ " to ? " 
Riddle me this : What do you call an old snowman ? 
Okay ... I've been too easy . Let's dig deeper and leave NOTHING to < PROPMALE > . Riddle me this : How much dirt is in a hole 3 acres square and 200 feet deep ? 
It is never what it seems . 
The truth is subjective ... facts are not . 
I'm a cult of personality . 
This we must re-think ! 
Okay everyone ... time to take the Christmas lights down . 
What do you do when you have no cheeks left to turn ? 
Riddle me this : At my house ... all the walls face north . I see a bear outside of my window ... what color is the bear ? 
Okay ... that was the last < PROPMALE > . No more Mr. Nice Guy . >:( 
Stuck in eviction court . 
Riddle me this : When you don't know what I am ... I am something . When you know what I am ... I am nothing . What am I ? ( Two answers can be accepted for this . ) 
How can I be the answer to your prayers when I am still praying for answers myself ? 
Never fear failure . 
Off to small claims court . The games afoot ! 
The full < PROPFEMALE > is so beautiful tonight . 
For all < PROPFEMALE > Trek fans ... happy birthday Dr. McCoy !!! ( DeForest < PROPFIRST > ) 
The truth is hiding behind your eyes . If you would only choose to see . 
@ Maggiano's Little Italy 
Digg it ... DIGG IT HARD !!!! 
It's an open act of defiance ... and it's aimed directly at you . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is full and perfect ... never before have i seen it's like 
Lo there do I see my father . \ 
Lo there do I see my mother . \ 
Lo there do I see my brothers and my sisters . \ 
Lo there do I see the line of my people back to the beginning . \ 
Lo they do call to me ;\ 
They bid me take my place among them in the Halls of Valhalla , \ 
Where the brave may live forever . 
My reluctance to play the game was for your benefit . Now ... I will show you why . 
I don't hate you . I just don't love you anymore . 
Spring is here . I can't wait to plant my new fruit trees . 
A true friend realizes that he/she can call whenever they are in need ... but also calls sometimes simply to say hello . When was the last time you called to say hello ? 
I have the best staff a supervisor could ask for . Thank you Mabely , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and both Marisols for all that you do . 2011 will be an awesome year because of you ! 
You are my friend ... I will always answer your call . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is gorgeous tonight . 
I have to admit ... I love my job . 
Inspect what you expect ... never leave anything to < PROPMALE > ! 
There's a new sherriff in town ... and his name is < PROPMALE > PRAWL ! Ha haaaaa ! Come get some ! 
A mutually shared smile between strangers ... a very good way to start the morning ! 
It's almost time to go fishing !!!!!!! 
Have at thee ! 
Being a father is hard but there is nothing more rewarding ! 
Yai Yai < PROPFIRST>'s for lunch . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Don't resent me when you're feeling empty . Keep me in your memories ... leave out all the rest . 
Remember ... when I ask you a question ... I probably already have the answer . That means being less than honest is a bad idea . 
* sigh * Here we go again . 
Words can never fully say what we want them to say , for they fumble , stammer , and break the best porcelain . The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path , content to walk in silence , for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak . 
New furniture . New carpet . New trampoline for the kids . New hat and coat stand . It's been a busy day . 
Wow . The kids really love the new trampoline . It was a great investment ! 
Spring is here . Time to spool the reels and hit the water ! 
Man this new carpet is so soft I might sleep on the floor tonight . 
Normally I don't enjoy eviction court ... but I'm really going to like this one ! 
I'm on top of the world , < PROPFEMALE > ! Ha haaaaaaaa ! 
Down right nasty with strength !!!!!! 
The conference is in VEGAS !!!! Sin city here I come !!!!! DAMMIT I love my job ! 
Hosting a manager's meeting tomorrow . Breakfast tacos or kolaches ... decisions , decisions ! 
Off to Ruggles Grill for a company dinner . DAMMIT I LOVE my JOB ! 
Way to go Kyndall ! My daughter has made the National Honor Society ! WOOO HOOO ! 
Looking forward to a relaxing weekend watching the kids jump on the trampoline , sipping on orange juice ! 
Get of Facebook and get to work !!!!!! Ha haaaaaaaaa ! 
Scream 4 ? Are you serious ? 
I'm feelin ' aggressive this morning . GET UP EVERYBODY ! GO GET SOME !!!!!! 
Wow . I guess there really is a first time for everything . 
My oldest just got her first job . Not sure if I should encourage this or stop it . 
Wow ... what a dream ! 
Ha haaaaaa ! < PROPFIRST > is < PROPFIRST > , no matter what ! 
Welcome to the < PROPFEMALE > team , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
It's so nice out . I think I will plan a picnic for tomorrow . Gonna take the kinds and friends to San Jac park and do some crabbing ! 
Crabbing at San < PROPMALE > park . The water is so nice . 
Crabs in the pot ... chicken on the grill . It was a good day ! 
Wow . Kids went through the crab like a chicken through the corn ! 
Since my zodiac sign is a crab ... does that make me a cannibal ? 
I have a house full of kids again . Don't know how I always let them talk me into this . But ... I love being a Dad ! 
My mandarin , lemon and pummelo trees are all blooming . Gonna be a good harvest ! 
The sun rise , the singing birds and soft hoot of the doves . God is indeed a miracle worker ! 
