Im bored out of my mind god damn i think im getting a job at mc donalds 

Where did you get a taco at a < PROPFEMALE > buffet its a pineapple < PROPFIRST > 
Hey whats you faviort songg at the moment 
Sometimes all i want to do is just let the cracks in the floor open up and drag me down but i cant let them because my life has to move forward 
strap them with the ak its mother fuckin A-day 
........ who am i ? 
So have to get a job soon I hope i can find one 
One by one two by two i have ammo what about you 
Im going to destroy some one with a tooth pick and a rubber band 
Im sick of both of you guys whining and it needs to fucking stop . 
Ok you say things behind my back why dont be a fucking a man and tell me to my face and if you cant do that then shut your fucking mouth 
Its early and im going to go work out god help me lol 
Ok so the news keeps showing how grems are every where but i really dont give a fuck 
Oh my brother < PROPFIRST > got nut tape and the he back handed the kid and did it so hard he broke his fingure lol 
I am so bored 
needs 250 dollars any ideas 
Well i feel lke the world is crashing and i have nothing left but thats ok ill pick myself and move on like i do every fucking day 
No justice no peace cant trust the police 
Someone i know of may or may not of had sexual relations with a six grader . 
well todays lesson is : If the camp counselor trys to play with your butthole you might want to tell someone 
Todays lesson is :D ont get sexual molested by a spas 12 
Lesson 4 : If some pulls up in a white < PROPFIRST > and offers < PROPFEMALE > and puppys the answer is obvisly yes . 
Lesson 5 : If you cant spell modern wafare 2 and you play it all day you may want to consider shooting your self 
Lesson 6 : If people call you a crack head for more than one year everyday you are most likly a crack head . 
Lesson of the day : If the river is running red then take the dirt path . 
Lesson of the day : Be carefull not to play your harmonica too loud or you dad will beat you with a toaster . 
Lesson of the day :D ONT GET AIDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We are all on drugs . 
you're a glass bitch 
MODERN WARFARE 2 MAP PACK IS OUT GOOD BYE LIFE 
Well im up and im on facebook 
Ok so if have know idea where a conversation is going KEEP YOUR FUCKING MOUTH SHUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If i rember right , when i was a kid it was bad to judge a book by its cover oh wait half the people on facebook do that 
Well im home alon so for clear reasons im going on a six hour masterbating spree 
Well im bored 
well im bored and my back hurts and im might murder a few people today 
so my cat hat 3 kittens the other day and i woke up this morning and now there is five 
in the next 6 seconds you will be given two options deal or we kill your whole family 
if you spell like this go back to first grade = like pnut buter of it or irrekie 
I just want this one alive when the morning comes 
Pussy out LIKE A BOSS 
This beat is ........ RICK ROCKER 
The old me is dead and gone ......... 
im done if someone wants my thoughts they can kiss my ass 
is pisssed because his headset is messed up THANKS ALOT ASTRO 
well i have to wait on astro to figure my shit out so thats wonderfull 
Ill saw clash of the tittans it was pretty cool 
Can you hear that ..................... LET ME TURN IT UP FOR YOU 
\Ill be one tough act to follow here today gone tomorrow but youd have to walk a thousand < PROPMALE > just to what its like to be me\ " - Beautiful By Eminem " 
fuck sandwiches they take to long 
I have come to the final idea that im going to ram a bomb in codys anus 
I feel like i was hit by a bus full of fat people 
So this kid i know named < PROPFIRST > once was in a room with me and a mexican and then the mexican started taking a shit end story 
wow way to be a < PROPMALE > 
Nope i have had enough yoru not getting the xbox 
facebook suck ass there is a game out on here called Pot Farm but you have to be 21 tp play gggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
So im went to get some stuff figured out and i have to go all the way back to KC 
I might becoming to kc mo to fuck shit up 
I wish i was home and i wish things would go right for once 
im sitting in kc when i should be home but i cant because no wants to help get home im sick of being steped on like a door mat 
Were here to fuck shit up 
Go ride a flaming rainbow 
All i do is win 
Spolier Everyone in lost died at the end 
Im ready to come home and ready for everyone to stop hounding me about everything 
Man i feel like crap 
just throw a grenade it solves everthing 
Ill be in kc on friday 
im so ready to get out of hill < PROPFIRST > hell 
Leeeeeeeeeeeeeeetttttttttt bbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkk and all those nice jeps 
is going to get a new job today wooo 
is happy that tesla is in st < PROPFIRST > 
is going to destroy tokyo japan 
is feeling that eveything is failing apart 
Hi I'm < PROPFIRST > and i like < PROPFIRST > Bieber . This is definitely < PROPFIRST > and not < PROPFIRST > . 
FUCK BLACK FRIDAY 
GET AT ME B !!! 
Well its cold as hell and its the only two days off ill have for the next 2 weeks 
wellworkingin a call center willmakeyou want tokill everyone .......... well i no longer have a xbox just so everyone knows that im tired of paying for online and just wanted somthing new to do and codyi s a queer 
