Ok , I guess everyone else is doing it : OH YEAH ! 2010 ! 10 IS A LARGER NUMBER THAN 9 ! GO CALENDARS ! WOOT ! 

My mind isn't something physical . Things can't be on it . Silly Facebook . 
Day 4 on Facebook , is my life significantly changed for the better yet ? 
Things can't be on your mind . The mind isn't something physical , therefore things can't be on-top of it . Silly Facebook . 
I feel all shlumpy . I think I saw that word in a movie once . The movie was about talking ants if I remember correctly . Meh , something interesting is bound to happen eventually . 
This is going to be the most boring extended weekend ever :D Hopefully something fun to do will show up . 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned . 
People reckon I'm too patronising ( that means I treat them as if they are stupid ) 
What do we want ? procrastination ! When do we want it ? ..... Next week sounds good . On a completely unrelated and ever so slightly less humorous note , I got a haircut . Fun . 
The clump of huge weekends is gone , fun . Sternocleidomastoid is an amazing word . 
Someone scratched the word gullible into your ceiling . 
is dynamite with a lazer beam . 
is down with the sickness . 
don’t you wish there were a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence ? There’s one marked ‘Brightness , ’ but it doesn’t work . 
In Russia , status updates you ! 
has zero tolerance for lactose intolerance . 
is wondering why a “fat chance” and a “slim chance” mean the same thing . 
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
Introducing ' Lite ' - The new way to spell ' Light ' , but with twenty percent fewer letters . 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . 
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less resolved than it will be . 
Thought Provoking Thought of the Day : The fact that a religious person is statistically happier than a sceptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunk person is happier than a sober one . 
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers ? 
Yay for abnormally slow and cold rain falling from the sky . 
The status of my status is my enemy . 
Snozberries taste like snozberries . 
This is my status . There are many like it , but this one is mine . 
Your mistletoe is no match for my TOW Missile ! 
Turns out I'm going to my step-grandparent's fancy yacht club Christmas dinner thing tomorrow . You have to dress all nice and be really polite and stuff , but getting to eat the insanely high quality food that's reserved for the world's multi-millionaires completely makes up for the trouble =D 
9 out of 10 doctors agree that breathing is good for your health . 
Just got back from a fancy mode activated Christmas dinner thing , really good food , wearing formal clothes/tucking in shirt/having to be really polite wasn't much fun . Meh , I'm full on fancy food , no complaints . Super happy fun relax time now . Oh , and \OMG CHRISTMAS SOON WTF OMG . \ " Yay conforming to the status of half my friends . " 
Just discovered I-E-A-I-A-I-O and a bunch of other awesome System of a Down songs I haven't heard before , funness . 
I swear it's snowing right now ... more like slush falling from the sky , but it's a start . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas tomorrow people who I know . I wish I was Itallian , then the tradition would be to open stuff today . Dumb English family herritage . 
I've just returned from my weekend expedition to Puyallup , super funness . I aspire to not getting mauled by a bear now that I'm back . 
I've been told I'm real more smarter than your average < PROPFIRST > . 
Only the part of you which is me can hear what I'm saying . 
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise . Seek what they sought . 
You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into . 
Listen to those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . 
Life is a continuous placebo effect . An event only effects you as much as you believe it does . You will only be altered by an event as much as you assume the event will alter you . 
Part 1 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqq051BU2MY Part 2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNCRlaSLLk4&feature=related The bald guy owns some nice portions of the Christian belief structure . 
Having a nice time not living in my home anymore . Not being surrounded by needless anger on a daily basis is fun . 
That was fun-ish , was tired and groggy the entire time , but meh . Hopefully getting a decent amount of sleep will put me back in normal mode tomorrow . 
,, l ,, =_= ,, l ,, 
Super Happy Viral Status Fun Time : COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = club head , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23 = cool . Now Rate Me (: 
Haha , wow , I am thoroughly enjoying the passive aggressive anger right now . Isn't Facebook great ? 
That was an interesting friday night , to say the least . 
I'm going to kick you in the face with my fist . 
I'm actually sick for the first time in longer than I can remember , not much fun . Sleeping for 20 hours strait wasn't too bad though . 
\I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man ; she is to keep silent . \ " - < PROPFIRST > 2:12 Christianity can teach us so much . " 
If you were a lesbian , would you like sparkles ? 
If two men are fighting and the wife of one of them comes to rescue her husband from his assailant , and she reaches out and seizes him by his private parts , you shall cut off her hand . Show her no pity . - Deuteronomy 25:11 -12 . The Bible in all of its infinite knowledge . 
No one whose testicles are crushed or whose male organ is cut off shall enter the assembly of the Lord - Deuteronomy 23:1 . So , if in one way or another you have lost/destroyed your balls , no Heaven for you . Sounds reasonable . 
I get to have a no work night , that's about as rare as a blonde virgin . Fun times . 
..... is this the final countdown ? 
Yet she increased her prostitution , remembering the days of her youth when she engaged in prostitution in the land of Egypt . She lusted after their genitals as large as those of donkeys , and their seminal emission was as strong as that of stallions . - < PROPMALE > 23:19 -20 God I love the Bible . 
A person is about as big as the things that make them angry . 
Getting to wake up at 10 for the next 3 days is going to be great . 
I'm not going to school tomorrow , funness . 
needs more cowbell . 
Fuck salt . 
never questions authority , he annoys authority . More effect , less effort . 
? (•???•?) ? 
Yay Spring Break ! If any of you Facebook friend people want to do something over the break , get ahold of me , we'll have a fun time . 
If you watch Rambo in reverse , it's < PROPMALE > Stallone healing people with his magic bullet vacuum . 
2+2 = 5 ; for very large values of 2 . 
There are only 10 types of people in this world : Those who understand binary , and those who don't . 
Sadness , happiness , despair , joy , all emotion is a choice . As long as you truly believe you should be happy , you will be happy , and if you truly believe you should feel sad , you will feel sad . So tell your dumb brain it has no idea what it is talking about , slap it a few times , and be happy . 
Scaramouche scaramouche can you do the fandango ? 
Have you ever noticed how when you are laying on your side in bed , you close one eye , then you change which eye you are closing and the pillow jumps to a different spot ? What's with that ? 
became a fan . 
Please excuse my dear Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > Moore for Senior Class President . 
is the class of 2011's senior president . 
Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then he is not \ 
omnipotent . - Is he able , but not willing ? Then he is malevolent . - Is he both able and willing ? Then where does evil come from ? - Is he neither able nor willing ? Then why call him God ? 
Ugg , Mother's Day . 
I'm back from the FFA State Convention , was a lot of fun . So yes , if \ 
you've been wondering why I wasn't at school Wednesday , Thursday , or Friday , I was in Pullman . 
Home from Illinois , had a great time . May not go to school tomorrow depending on how much homework I am able to burn though tonight . 
Here's my schedule for next year :\ 
1st- Leadership , Colby\ 
2nd- 1st semester CWP , Taylor/2nd semester Civics , Hanna\ 
3rd- Acting III & IV , Sims\ 
4th- AP Calculus , Redfern\ 
5th- AP Physics , Redfern\ 
6th- AP English , Dartnall 
Oh why not :\ 
ATTENTION : If you like this status I will \ 
post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status \ 
if you want a challenge :) 
My mass of last minute projects given out by my teachers is complete , I'm pretty sure I've completed all of the school work I'll have to do for the rest of the year . And I have haircut 2.0 now . I had it where it was just a haircut , but now it's like , short short . I'm actually liking it . 
If you're on Science Team , you should probably vote for < PROPMALE > Moore for Captain tomorrow . Just putting that out there . 
I just got back from the Iron Maiden concert , it was epic . 
is buying an elevator to heaven . It's a lot less work to use than that other one they were selling . 
I'm back from my epic journey . It was filled with 1 ... 3 ... 6ing , 15-way spooning , self-inflicted \ 
assassinations , and wedgies . The only plus to being home is that I can \ 
listen to good music again . Time to shun all forms of rap , pop , and \ 
anything in-between . Piles of memories gained , loads of friends made , I never thought you could get so close to people in such a short period of time . 
It's a 60s party from a 60s movie . 
is real more smarter than your average buffalo . 
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue . 
We're silly , but we're 100% silly ! 
Heart of Darkness is one of the most boring books ever written . 
Stanwood High School seniors , Senior Sunrise is taking place at 6:30 am on September 2nd before school starts that day . Socialize with classmates , and get some breakfast ! So join in , and be a part of the tradition ! 
Schedule for next year :\ 
1st : AP Chemistry - Ringland\ 
2nd : Leadership - Colby\ 
3rd : CWP - Taylor\ 
4th : AP Calculus - Redfern\ 
5th : AP Physics - Redfern\ 
6th : AP English - Dartnall 
Stanwood High School seniors ! Senior Sunrise ! Tomorrow ! 6:30 am ! Be there ! 
Great first day of school ! I was completely drained by 4th period though . Going to have to get to bed earlier . 
Spirit assembly and football game tomorrow ! Be loud as hell at both , and bring your best red tutu . 
PAX was awesome . 
Game tonight , everybody be there ! And be loud ! The last game's crowd was weak . 
We lost , oh well . A lot of fun though , loads of cheering , my voice is hoarse . 
Have you ever done that thing where you unexpectedly wake up , then you literally can't move/talk no matter how hard you try , but you can see and hear yourself talk even though you aren't talking , and you have the weirdest sensation ever for about 15 seconds ? It's strange . In other news , my power nap turned into a full nap , and I still have loads of homework to do . This is going to be a fun night . 
Still so much chemistry to do , and I have to be awake in 5 hours ... Guess who's making coffee tomorrow ? 
My AP classes disagree with this entire \having a social life\ " thing I have going on . " 
Science Team meeting tomorrow at 8:30 before school , be there or be a quadrilateral with equal side lengths and four 90° angles . 
V squared is , V naught squared , added to 2 times a d ... why God 
H ??????????????????????????? E ???????????????????????????? L ???????????????????????????????? L ?????????????????? O ?????????????????????????????? 
Apples to Apples . Green card was cowardly , someone played Tibet . Best Apples to Apples moment ever . 
BAM 
1800 on the SAT , hopefully attempt #2 goes over better . 
Did anyone else wake up an hour early without knowing it , get completely ready to leave , then figure out they still have an hour right before they head out ? 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ; copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
Will finish his Purdue essays tonight no matter how little sleep he gets . 
Thank god we were let out early ; we all could have been trapped at school at the rate this snow is falling . -.- 
Accepted to Oregon State University's nuclear engineering program . Still waiting on my other universities for a decision . 
So ... I've been asleep for the last 36 hours . And I'm still tired . No temperature though . 
So ... I want there to be another 4 day weekend . The fact that Stanwood got its act together on the plowing/sanding isn't a good sign . Still , slush + 20 degrees for 10 hours = icy hell to drive on no matter which way you look at it . 
I tried other devices before and they required a lot of dexterity with all the < PROPMALE > pumping . 
Feeling that senioritus I heard so much about . 
Regionals went great , dance was awesome , good day . 
Okay , so I'm going to train to be a Naval Officer in NROTC and be an engineering < PROPMALE > at Purdue if I get the NROTC scholarship , or if I don't get the scholarship I'm going to < PROPMALE > as a pilot at Purdue and fly in the Navy . Either way , life is going to rock . 
So , who else could go for a nice flood right now ? 
wants to be in Cancun 
