gotta new tattoo , < PROPMALE > rogler does Awesome work .? 

synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
check out the new tat ? 
this is wayyy different then myspace , a weebit confused ? 
haha same old lankenstien ? 
shhhh listen , do you smell something ? 
YA , i can kick myself in the head . What of it ? 
FACEBOOK > MYSPACE , add me there < PROPMALE > Velten 
ya , im a nerd whoop de do . you wanna fight about it .? 
frohawk is back in action ! 
everyone needs to watch the movie Snatch , its flipping awesome ! 
yup its call of duty time ? 
What's on your mind ?? 
they need to make call of duty an olympic event ? 
woke up this morning thinking '' WTF did i do last night ? '' normally means i had a good time ha ? 
criss angel is the fakest mofo EVER 
if i had a dime everytime i was told i remind people of McLovin id be a wealthy man .? 
productive dayoff ; played mw2 so much i got blisters ? 
god must have a sense of humor giving my 5'7 '' frame size 12 feet . stub my toes atleast a dozen times today ? 
shhhh listen , you smell that ?? 
wants to quit smokin cigarettes < PROPFEMALE > bad , trying but failing .? 
if the good die young , im gonna live forever . 
has a cat straight outta the matrix . 
PS3 > Xbox , enough said . 
i wonder what they do with the beds from jersey shore after filming .. 
little man just crashed , time for some mw2 . 
went to roll outta bed and stuck my foot right in the fan , good way to start the day . 
idea for next tattoo ; camel on my big toe haha 
got a new phone , msg me your < PROPFIRST > 
new number 793 - 6914 
im so gangster 
Brand New = Best Band Ever 
Kat < PROPMALE > is undoubtedly the funniest mofo alive . 
everything is so much better in slow motion 
i wonder what The Rock was cooking all them years ? 
be careful kids , you can OD on jolly ranchers . i learnd that the hard way . 
ayy macarena 
court today .. lucky me 
good day at court , gonna have an extra 50 bucks a month in my pocket and ill never have to come back here . 
noooo more court for me , and an extra 50 bucks a month in my wallet . 
money is so overrated 
people seriously think i have aimbot for mw2 LOL . 
watching ufc with the clone . he likes this more then cartoons , go figure . 
lives by one rule ; the < PROPFEMALE > rule 
is addicted to Four < PROPFEMALE > Strong and lovehatehero 
dead rising 2 FTW !! 
is not built for this type of weather 
i think figured out what all the '' i like '' crap is aboot 
watching a show about zombies on the .. animal planet ? 
everybody wants to be naked and famous 
like awsome music ? check out lovehatehero ! they dont have a single bad song . 
PS3 friends > facebook friends 
ohh the < PROPFEMALE > of being 21 . 
woodchuck cider is bomb . 
the new XXL Chalupa is awesome ! 
the \sour patch kids\ " commercials perfectly describes my lil man . " 
mexican music sounds like veggie tales . 
lil man staying over for the night :) 
watching scooby doo with the munchkin before work . 
black ops at midnight , gonna be mia for a verrrrry long time . 
Goodbye sunlight , my good friend COD is going to be here tonight so i won't be seeing you anytime soon . 
11 hours straight 
You have a ps3 & black ops ? Perfect ! Now go watch my videos and be jealous . Skwiz420 
anyone want to sell me a nintendo ds ? 
is in need of a DS . anyone have one they'd like to sell ? 
ps3 died so gotta sell some things . Pair of Tritton AX720(top of the line mic ) works for 360 as well . Originally $130 asking for $70 OBO . works as if brand new still . Get at me . 
was ment to live in the tropics . 
addicted to soul silver ! 
im not use to hitting my head on stuff . 
is obese 
it's not cocky if you can back it up . 
fighting doesn't make you man . it just shows how insecrue you are . 
the world doesn't revolve around you sweetcheeks . 
someone need's to invent a device that picks seeds . 
dirty bongs smell like soy sauce ...? 
my sleeping pattern is one of a 70 year old . 
anyone down for flag football ? i have the gear so just hit me up . 
i feel < PROPFEMALE > sorry for closed mineded people . 
one of those '' fuck you '' kinda days . 
considering going for dreadlocks . 
no more hair cuts , journey for dreads begins . 
snuggies are amazing . 
who here thinks they're good at quick scoping ? add Skwiz420 ( ps3 ) bet you lose . 
you must feel the dub to truly enjoy it . 
bro's before hoe's , duty before booty . 
im in to them nerdy girls . 
im not black , im filipino fools . 
theres NO better joy in life then hearing \i love you daddy \"" 
titi sampalin mo . look that up on google . 
whos down for a game of football ? 
do i really look that young ? 
PS3 > 360 
8:40 is twice as nice 
i can take a compliment but its weird hearing \your have pretty teeth \"" 
my hair is already starting to piss me off and im not even a quarter way there . 
Skrillex or Bassnectar ? 
has a very low douche tolerance . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljjreifce5o 
its valentinesday ? 
< PROPMALE > Moore is genius 
good guys always finish last . 
6 pack of woodchuck , a little bit of green , and my thumbs . Time to make some sick clips . 
mustach march ! no one shave your stachs , lets see who can get the best porn stach by the end of march .. 
angry birds makes a happy skwiz 
march 6th , please hurry . 
84 win streak last night on black ops . im obese 
you can't have slaughter without laughter . 
now has pokemon white . 
rolling up breakfast . 
my hair works as a pillow . 
my 360 QS clip is ranked 14th highest rated on ps3 . 
14th out of billions . im just that good .. 
no phone , i feel free . 
its not your race i don't like , its that you dont speak english . 
was just accused of being a game tester by a random on COD . then he went on to say \you sound like a fuckin white boy grow some balls < PROPMALE > kid\ " LMAO " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpxfbLW5Gpg 
Girls like you make me go ' ewwww ' 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj1SIeHyC74 
gets annoyed when hardcore christians see my tattoos and go on to say how im going to hell . Shit , as if i wouldn't already be on my way there . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEmI32_mcMw 
i enjoy being brutally honest . 
i do acts of kindness to please Myself . Not to get brownie points from ' God ' . 
im a internet thug , wanna fight about it ? 
Live Long and Prosper . 
a low self esteem is a < PROPMALE > deal breaker . 
you can catch more flys with < PROPFEMALE > then you could vinegar . 
is now stealing internet . thanks neighbors . 
hair is like a sail in this weather . 
lets make a story . ill start it and everyone just add in what you want . 
Theres a nerd hanging out at waffle house and he just rememberd ... 
who knew a simply bike ride could lighten such a bad mood . 
