is hanging with the DOGGS tonight . 

is getting ready for work in the morning . 
is a VERY tired girl . NIGHTY ! 
here comes the sun doo doo doo doooo . 
has taken too many facebook quizzes since the sun is being such a damn tease . 
finally got her day poolside in the summer sun . Has anyone seen my Aloe < PROPFEMALE > ? Ouch ! 
is so tired . Had my hands all up in business today . 
is taking it easy today . 
is wishing < PROPFEMALE > a quick delivery ! 
is an Auntie ! 
is studying for her BOARDS . Ugh ! 
is drinking Sangria ! Yum . 
is back to work ... hanging with the folks in Trauma this week . 
Study . Study . Study . 
It's too hot to study right now ! Hello SUMMER ! 
The NCLEX crunch has begun ! 
is waiting . 
passed the boards ! 
is so excited ! Passed the boards , got Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump certified , getting ready to meet my sweet little nephew in a few days and I have awesome friends ! What else could a girl ask for ?!! 
has been hanging with my mom , brothers , < PROPFEMALE > and little < PROPFIRST > . 
loves Sunday's . 
has big plans to spend the day RELAXING ! 
When someone you love becomes a memory , the memory becomes a treasure . 
caught a light sneeze . 
can't believe what a bust tonight has been . Not many trick-or-treaters . :( 
is cleaning up her messy desk . 
is almost rid of this cold . 
is loving this weather !!!!! 
is getting ready for 3 12's starting tomorrow . 
is working . 
is off this weekend . Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and sweet little < PROPMALE > . 
is working some overtime in the morning ... 
gobble gobble gobble 
Watching , Shrek the Third . I never knew they made a 3rd ... Where have I been ? 
Trying to decide which project to tackle ... My mess of a desk or my closet . 
I may have just had one of the craziest days ever at work . For a minute I thought \ could I be getting Punk'd ? \ " but it was all for real . " 
has so much to be Thankful for this year ! 
Working all weekend ... 
Is About To Get All Into Her Christmas Shopping . FA LA LA LA LAAAA , LA LA LA LAAAAA ! 
Good day at work today . Tomorrow more shopping ... as long as the weather allows . < PROPFEMALE > RUM PUM PUM PUM ! 
Has Been Wrapping Gifts All Day ! 
Received Some Unexpected Time Off Today . JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE ALL THE WAY !!! 
Just booked herself a Massage ... time to work out the stress of working , shopping and wrapping . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO MEEEEE ! 
Is Hanging With < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > This Weekend . :) 
Is Experiencing White Out Conditions . LET IT SNOW , LET IT SNOW , LET IT SNOW ! 
is taking it easy after work . 
Another day , another dollar , another glass of wine after a crazy 12 hour day in the CCU . WEEEEEEEE ! 
wishes everyone a safe and Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . NO DRUNK DRIVING !!!! Get a cab ! 
had a great holiday with family and friends . 
is going to have herself a Spa Night at home . 
is taking it easy today . Work kicked my butt this past week . 
is in complete shock after learning about the sudden death of a nursing school < PROPMALE > . Rest In Peace , < PROPFEMALE > . 
is having a good day and looking forward to my 3 day weekend ! 
is watching Extreme Makeover Home Edition ... Buffalo , NY ! 
is snuggling with her pups . 
just finished her taxes . Mamma's bout ' to get paid . 
I just typed Brzezinski into urbandictionary.com and the result was ... \A suburban loud mouth polish family . Likes to drink and constantly fights . The family also carries a very beautiful strand of DNA . \ " I'm not sure I like it but I think it might be right on . " 
Ugh ! 
“Tears are words the heart can't express” 
Sitting on the couch in the front porch , sipping my morning cup of coffee and enjoying the sunlight . It makes me SMILE ! 
Garlic , Onions , < PROPFEMALE > Oil ... I love the smell of sauce being cooked on Sundays ! 
Studting tonight for my ACLS exam tomorrow . Any pointers ? 
Red or White ? 
\Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face . \"" 
After the day I had , I'm looking forward to a great comedy TV night , drinking some wine and sleeping in tomorrow morning . :) 
GRRRRRRRR .... 
I love my job ! 
Got out of work early today , off til Monday and the weather outside is delightful . Can I BE any luckier(or dorkier) ? 
had a great day ! :) 
Happy Easter , Peeps ! xoxoxo 
For Reasons Unknown 
Can't stop crying ... UH ! Damn you \Marly & Me \"!" 
“You buy furniture . You tell yourself , this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life . Buy the sofa , then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong , at least you've got your sofa issue handled . Then the right set of dishes . Then the perfect bed . The drapes . The rug . Then you're trapped in your lovely nest , and the things you used to own , now they own you . ” - < PROPMALE > Palahniuk 
< PROPFEMALE > Bene ! 
My belly hurts . :( 
\I've seen and met angels wearing the disguise of ordinary people living ordinary lives . \"" 
Off for the next 12 days ... what to do , what to do ! :) :) 
Friends are like bras : close to your heart and there for support . 
Right now there's a nurse helping a woman become a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an Alzheimer's patient\ 
tell a story , a nurse missing their family while caring for yours . The minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Repost if you're a nurse , love a nurse or appreciate a nurse . 
Though I love technology , my Nook has me in quite a perturbed state ! 
Don't you bring me down today . 
Missing my cuz .... 
Today , my mother told me I was sent to her by an Angel from Heaven . :) 
Oh , these Little Earthquakes ... 
No Rain , No Rainbows . 
\Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase . \"" 
Life is not a matter of milestones , but of moments . Thank you to each and everyone not only for the sweet birthday wishes but most of all for the moments you've given me . 
“Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option” 
It is better to live your own < PROPFEMALE > imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection . 
\Wake at < PROPFEMALE > with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving . \"" 
I am grateful . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are . ? ? 
Better Together . 
Stereo Love 
Family and friends , the good , the bad , the ugly and the beautiful . Moments that took my breath away and those that completely crushed me . I am truly THANKFUL for all these gifts life has brought my way for it has created the person I am today . 
“If you love somebody , let them go . If they return , they were always yours . If they don't , they never were . \ " , 2011-03-19 18:29:00 " 
