Mmmmmmmmm pancakes sound gooood 

im in a band 
in a state of bliss 
i have no idea wats on my mind lol 
workin 4-to 10 thn my second job tomarrow from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm i love it :) 
im sick of ppl baybying me i can jamndl my self ive been doin it my whole life 
watchen BLIND SIDE its amazing its timefor him to go home lol XD 
missn u 
good day bt missn my baby 
workin a 14 hour day between my two jobs yippie ... hi my names < PROPMALE > and im a workaholic ... \hi < PROPMALE >\"" 
im gana get in a fight ha ha this kid is such a bitch dumb ass thinks he can take me the fool 
i won i am the champ 
i cant fuckin think today 
great day 
That smile brightens up the darkest room that smile washes away my pain . just like your eyes perce my heart with an eternal feeling its like staring into the eyes of the baby blue ocean of the carabian sea so girl show me that smile 
i cant get u out of my head lol bt i ant complaining , kagoma < PROPFEMALE > u melts my troubles away :) srry for spellin ur name wrong lol 
facebook is < PROPFEMALE > noisy it always wants to kno wats on my mind grrr mind your own buisness !!! lol :) 
Band practice 2day ROCK ON !!!!! XO 
im singing out 2day im pumped ... bt i miss my lovey <3 
... my mom was right 
lisences and regristration plz mewo ... mam im gana have to ask u to step out of the vehical mewo 
MY DAY good then bad then good then bad good thn bad ect ... make up ur mind im confused 
graduation practice is sooooooooooo stupid 
blahh goin to awards night ... i miss my baby 
worthless excuse for a fauther thts the last straw ur no longer my dad i can live my life without u 
i graduate tomarow F#$%@$ you to the ppl who said i wouldnt make it 
shitty day 
last night was horible 
I FINALY GOTT PANCAKESSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
tired bt cnt sleep missn my < PROPFEMALE > <3 
i cooked dinner 2night it wass gooood 
Its my birthday in two days 
\I cant stop you no matter what i say or do you my heart is tue oooh oh i cant stop lovig you\ " the chorous of my favorite song " 
at the RMV ugggggg i thought if i came early there would be no line ... i was wrong :{ fml 
depressed 
great day regardless 
good mood 
toy story 2 is the balzz 
im soooo pumped my doctors giving me a car for free !!! XD 
fuck you 
... u kno wat ... I deserve any bad tht comes in my life 
at work ... i miss my bayby 
great dayy XD 
at work back is killin me 
w 
Great day XD LOL its cause of u Kagomay 
I lost my wallet with all my money in it if anybody finds it Please give it to me or bring it to the poliece station 
i feel like less of a man 
I got to say today was a good day 
Borde out of fuckin mind 
Do not underestimate the < PROPMALE > Bagley 
blwmw p 
chilln with an old friend later 
i miss my babey <3 
My Back is alot btter found out my spine was out of place my friend poped it back in like a pro i feel as good as new 
im at work 
stop hammer time 
playin basket ball 
i wana clone my self and raise it as my own child 
Kagoma Namoy u r everthing to me 
workin thn helpin out at vbs 
vbs was fun XD 
u make the rain stop fallin u wash away my pain u gave me my wings so i could learn how to fly ill care about u till the day i die 
i like < PROPFEMALE > movies lol 
have a job interview XD 
confused ... 
im gana be a juke ... box ... hero ... 
...... 
going to bed thinkin of you <3 
i gota say 2 day was a good day 
I get to drive a Jagwar 2 day !!!!! XD helllz yeah 
ah boom , boom , boom , boom , ah bang , bang , bang , bang . 
at work on break dunkin d's is the shit 
great day at work 
just recorded my first song 
hit me again tube sox lol 
my hip hit the droor on the cash register & closed it b 4 i could give the lady her change fml 
i cant believe im actuly saying this bt i miss school 
good day bt i miss my babey 
if a tree falls in the < PROPMALE > and no 1s round to here it ... can a mokey clap its hands ? 
one hell of a night was on my way home after chilln with a friend herd and saw guy beat his wife found a cop it still took like 10 miniutes for them to show up then i had to defuse two fights ... but im in a good mood 
god day 
realy worried :{ ... i hope ur ok 
im drinken beers on the inside waiten for a ride on the outside she broke my heart from the trailer park so i stole the keys to her fucken car and crashed tht shit todayy ... and steped away 
good day at work bt lookin forward to my day off 
i gota say today wasa good day 
Worried 
Goin to my gfs house dE 
Emotionless ... beat down ... done ... but Not done living 
Good . Day 
Just got a death treat today from a costomer today over a apple pie fml evry body im close to BE CARFFLE 
Thank you every one who said happy birthday to me 
Workin 7 to 3 thn gfs 
Hey flory i told u i had first dibs on my cuzzins wtf !!! 
Fuck it im done no more favores for no one after all im jst a selfish person anyway right 
Borde outa mind 
I gota say today was a good day 
Have to spend the day with the most bitchy person in the world tomarow ... hey mom 
Getn ready for work had a realy wird dream last night 
Time to let my inner child free 
Who the fuck stole my frute salad damnit i want names WAT THE FUCK !!! 
Is goin to bed good night all i miss my lovey 
Singing at work 
just got my dream guitar Gibson less < PROPFIRST > for dirt cheep saved over 600 dollers XDD 
Workin for the man evry night and day 
Im pumped 
No one likes being sticky 
Your momas so fat < PROPFEMALE > she feeds her self rice krispies they didnt go snap crakle and pop the said Oh shitt shes comming 
Hopen my lovies ok 
Its always my fault right ?? 
New guitar came fucking awsome 
I LOVE TO WERE SPANDEX !!! XD 
is kindof tired 
So how r u tday im good thts good ... fuck you .. lmao 
Baby i just wana say u meen everything to me <3 
Every body thinks im in a bad mood < PROPFEMALE > im in a good one lmao xDD 
I wipp my hair back in forth i wipp my hair back and forth lmao 
Happy 6 month babey xD 
Hi 
Happy 6 month lovey 
Well time to go to bed ....... wow tht was refreshing no gota get up and get to work 
Skinny jeenz ... Fml 
So wat if i like to were dresses thts MY CHOICE DAMNITT !!! 
Fucken horable hollaween the only good part was my love comin to see me .. < PROPFEMALE > ur smile melts my heart 
I thought love was only true in < PROPFEMALE > tails .... well i was wrong lmao 
So wat if i like pigs in a blanket tht dont meen im white trash and so wat if i use to date my cossins 
Hi ho hi ho its off to work i go 
fixed my computer i found a back door in the virus Thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
Fried chicken fuck yeahh !!! 
Ima dumbass lol 
A bitch is a bitch nwa 
My last statas had absaloutly nothing to do with my girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > she is the love of my life 
I love the lead sinnger of motley crue RITZ 
I fucken hate christmas music ba humbug 
Fuck it all im done 
Im in a fantasic mood jst to let you knoow lol 
Thts nacho cheese mofo 
I make good nacho soup xD 
FUCK IT ALL I QUITTT !!!!!!!! 
This straw sucks 
.... idk any more . 
< PROPFEMALE > you are the light in my darkness my rock in the hard place you lift my spirit up so high bt yet you keep me grounded lovey you meen everything to me <3 
T_i_m spells mommies SpEcIal angel from above *^.^* 
Day off up this early fml 
Cup of soup is 50 percent of my daily salt intake wtf lol ima fatt ass 
I gota premotion i gata transfer to a new store though kind of a bitter sweet moment washington street will always be my home 
Am i the baker or not somone please tell me !! 
Im eating my days calories now lol 
Its time to make the dough nuts 
Life sux then u die fuck the world lets all get high !!! Jk druggs r bad mmmkayyy 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think am a good friend .. \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. I wont tell anyone . \ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories .. \ 
NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS ! I was brave enough !!! 
Main street bakeing = fun washington street bakeing = stressfull 
I feel like an ass hole 
Onion bagle twist with bacon ham and cheese all twitses up Mmmmmmm tasty 
Feel like crap 
What the problem iss 
Look at my TINGTING !! 
Mmmmmmm eggs for dinner 
You can tune a guitar but you cant tuna fish 
Missing my lovey 
Just a side note your moving to africa ... lmao get him to the greek amazing movie 
Then it makes my legs cold 
Woried about you and my heart is yours < PROPFEMALE > I love you with my body mind and soul 
jst chillen soooo glad i got a day off tomarow 
I lost THE GAME 
Its hard to walk down stairs with no knees 
Im biting falliong snow flakes 
PISSED OUTA MY FUCKING MIND !!!!! 
Cant fall asleep 
Im thinking of you missing you and i will forever love you < PROPFEMALE > Geary <3 
God you have saved my life time after time i kno it was for a reason please guide me to ur goal for my life and assist me in reaching it thank you for evrythng 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > Geary good night 
.... Fuck it ... Fuck it all ....... ( is defeted and done ) 
Why am i so usless ? Answer me this 
As i walk this word anone ... i stand alone 
Yet another sleeples night ... mood = depressed 
Trying to keep my mind buisy and failing 
Hi my names < PROPMALE > Bagley and i like to walk around my house naked 
2 large pizzas Mmmmmm shareing with some one Noooooo !!! 
Im not deserveing of all the beauty that is you :) I love you < PROPFEMALE > Geary 
Is it bad that i like to aquish old peopl lmao 
Curently sliding nipple in my phone 
Steak tips Mmmmm < PROPMALE > is happy 
Is it wierd that i wax my legs 
I'm pregnate and I dnt care who knos it ... bt whose the father ?? 
big n toasty makes a happy < PROPMALE > 
hi my names < PROPMALE > and i love to do naked situps 
Its always time to play guitar 
Alright satan u FUCKEN WIN !!! 
Fadeing into the abyss that is my life , i wake up every day with hopes and dreams only to have them smashed and destroyed i am but a shell of who i was ... If i were to drop off the face of the earth would any one kno i was gone ? 
I fucken hate txting ... borde txt me lol 
If a pictures worth a thousand words then one of you is worth a million more . and if every thing I said brought that smile id talk forever ... Hilary Geary i love you and I miss you 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > Geary 
No mattr who u are or were u came from life is a terible thing lmao family guy 
I hate closeing evry night i dnt have time for shit i dnt even have a life any more ... 
