Was going to start making separate posts to Twitter & Facebooks , but now cannot seem to turn off the automatic posting of Tweets to Facebook . Very odd . 

It's remarkable how much looking at on-line real estate cheers me up . I am a very silly person sometimes . 
What's at stake is so dead serious that I find it essential to maintain a light touch . 
Clarification : I love & am devoted to people who cannot distinguish between what should be and what is . < g > 
I have spent all day researching brain injuries . It's a bit frustrating , since all the websites out there concentrate on recovering from such injuries , whereas what I want is to know how to create an injury from which there is no possibility of recovering . 
Work today -- I get to see if < PROPFIRST > ( yes , this means you , Hale ) created havoc amid my signs yesterday . :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! I'm off to get ready for the Apple Store & dinner at Boulud . 
Oh dear . I am not starting the New Year off very well . I have bought a dress and am late going to bed ( again ) . Actually , both those things would be fine if only I could avoid the consequences . 
Am watching Friday night's < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > show , which so far consists of < PROPFIRST > playing with his new ipad . 
Saw How to Train Your Dragon last night and loved it . I highly recommend the 3D . 
Have arrived in NYC & called Crissie on the iPad . 
Lovely dinner with Saccentos . 
So far , I'm liking Dreamweaver a lot . However , when you select a style in the CSS panel , it would be nice if there was some way to tell what element you've actually selected . 
I'm having a huge brain-fart of a day . 
Things are really getting good . I'm racing toward the end now ... 
Geting ready to go to the airport . Okay , I'm not , I'm only thinking about getting ready . But I will get ready soon , really . 
To quote Lili : I am seeing WAY too much of Tampa . 
Had lovely day with relatives . 
Been a splendid trip to Chicago . Very good time had with relatives . Off home tomorrow . 
In Tampa again , flight late again . What is it with Tampa , anyway ? 
Dreamweaver tutorial seems to be putting me to sleep . Oh , dear . 
Am putting the blog part of the site in wordpress , as that's much easier than trying to make a blog from scratch in Dreamweaver . 
Floating things is not as easy as the Dreamweaver book makes it sound . 
Yesterday was very odd . Was having a truly great day and then things seems to fall apart just before dinner . My belief in chaos theory has been renewed . 
New website just about done , aside from a redesign of the banner & getting links on the Updates < PROPFEMALE > . Please everyone check it out & let me know what you think ! \ 
http://www.cassandrachan.com 
Some days you get the bear , some days the bear gets you 
My problem is that I was taught as a child that modesty was a virtue , and that blowing your own horn was something that well-brought-up people did not do . So I find that I have not , as yet , sent out a mass email to all my friends & acquaintances urging them to buy my new book . I will eventually do it because I have to , but all the same it will still feel crass . 
I've done a brief Arts Spotlight interview for the local NPR station , WQCS . Don't know yet when it will air . 
The NY plans have hit a snag . Its name is < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
\ 
I plan to counter their < PROPFEMALE > with my < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
< PROPFIRST > has launched herself at < PROPFEMALE > like a torpedo . We are holding < PROPFIRST > in reserve in the manner of a nuclear submarine showing restraint . 
My radio interview has aired & I managed to miss it , damn it all . However , it will be on again tonight at 7 pm on WQCS 88.9 . You can also go to the WQCS website and listen to it , but I have to find the proper link . I'm working on it . 
I was going to do something constructive today . Really , I was . But < PROPFIRST > Sanderson ate my brain . 
Good times at my house . 
Christmas merch has totally worn me out 
With the Kinect , you can talk to your Xbox like it's Majel < PROPMALE > . 
Got home too late to hear about Crissie's day . Pooh :( 
I have made < PROPFIRST > Rothfuss feel inadequate . I am stunned by my own awesomeness . 
Yum ! Cheesecake factory . 
Thanks everybody for all the birthday wishes ! It's a lovely day so far . 
I am now older and have eaten a splendid dinner . 
Done Christmas shopping and have decided to take myself out to dinner . 
I am mingling with all the rest of the happy Christmas shoppers in the mall . ( I'm on break . ) 
There are so many little things in life one never thinks about until they rear their ugly heads and then one suddenly finds one has scored an epic fail on where notaries are to be found and what hours they keep . 
The Saccentos throw lovely parties . 
Happy Epiphany everybody ! 
Hmm . The Strand has an ad up on < PROPMALE>'s List for department managers . 
WSJ says Borders will probably declare bankruptcy on Monday or Tuesday . I just * knew * they were going to wait till I was in Barcelona , the fiends . 
Jet lagged but happy , wandering around Barcelona . Lovely city . 
Home from Barcelona ! Taking it easy today . 
I am just sooo tired today That inventory wiped me out . 
