hungover ... ' nuff said ..... 

here I am .. it's 5:18 in the morning in our new house .. and I'm still awake .. damn morning is coming fast ... 
why do people park in driveways , and drive on parkways ? 
well the next man will be the luckiest in extincense .. 
damn I can't spell lol 
dude , I am so behind the times here .. I never even looked at myspace til about a year ago .. but this facebook thing cracks me up ... I never thought I would be talking to the old school gang ever again !! but it's great to see how everyone is doing .. everyone is still alive ! good stuff .. 
as all of you people from highschool know , I never liked having my picture taken lol .. look at the yearbooks , I'm not there ! but when I get a pic I like I'll put it up just for you < PROPFEMALE > lol .. 
and I guess I must not have been such a rotten apple in highschool after all ... everyone still loves me ! lol 
Can you download music ? download Mushroomhead : solitaire unraveling ... it fits my mood right now 
actually ... download \hell yeah\ " : you wouldn't know " 
My relationship with my woman is a good one . but everyone always wonders if the relationship is what they want .. if ever in doubt : spend a weekend with a couple that fights everyday , if not every couple hours . we were a happy couple when we showed up at their house .. but after one night , we both knew how good we have it , and how much we communicate . Love takes many forms .. I am just glad mine does not include drama . 
it's been almost 2 years since < PROPFEMALE > and I hooked up ... we have never yelled at each other once ! 2 years without a fight ? I am pretty sure I have found the right woman ;) 
did you know that butterflies taste with their feet ? 
Metal is the best thing has ever happened to music !!! crank it up !!! 
can you taste the colors that you hear ? 
do ya have yahoo messenger ? add me .. justinwayne40@yahoo.com ! 
is currently finding MORE oldschool friends from highschool that wanna get together soon for our own lil reunion ! even trying to import someone from florida .. 
if a man is all alone in the woods , with no women to see it , is he still wrong ? 
which is better ? sunrise ? or sunset ? 
which is better ? taco < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFIRST > in the box ? 
I love asking random questions lol ... the answers are awesome ! how about this .. if a rooster lays an egg on a roof , which side does it roll down ? 
did ya hear about the Leggo company buying < PROPFIRST > jacksons body ? they're gonna melt him down and turn him into toy blocks so kids can play with HIM for a change .. lol 
if you could have ONE super power , what would it be ? 
Do ya guys like this profile pic better ? lol 
he he , I convinced my girl some gangbanger held me up at gunpoint today lol , I LOVE april fools ! lol 
then i told her I cut my finger off lol .. again , I love april fools lol 
what has one foot on each side , and one in the middle ? 
actually the answer was a YARDSTICK ... where the hell is your mind these days ? lol 
if you could have ANY animal as a pet , what would it be ? 
I want all the creepy things I'm not allowed to have .. 
yes , yes , I have returned bitches ! being without internet sucks more than I remembered it being . < PROPMALE > all for the happy birthday wishes ! I shall be in touch .. 
know what a ghost fart smells like ? sheet ... 
woo hoo ! got tickets to see deftones , mastadon , and < PROPFEMALE > in chains !!! october can't get here soon enough ! 
funny thing about sanity .. you can never lose what ya never had ... 
ok , now they are making a smurfs movie .. not sure what to think of that .. anyone remember the thundercats ? yeah , they're making a movie about them too .. 80's is definetely making a comeback .. 
dude ! to all my homies that knew me back in the days of highschool .. go to you tube , and watch the top 100 music videos from VH1 in the 90's! it'll bring back alot of good memories ! 
getting ready to go to seattle for my first concert of the year ... I love watching bands in clubs ! much more intimate .. too bad I have to wait til october to see < PROPFEMALE > in chains though dammit !! 
why do they call it common sense ... when so few people possess it ? makes me wanna smoke some beer and drink some weed ... sheesh ! 
people think drugs are bad ? KEEPING UP WITH THE KARDASHIANS AND JERSEY SHORE kill more brain cells than all the drugs on this planet combined ! 
if a guy spends 30 minutes on his hair before he leaves the house , he is no longer a man ... 
and to all the virgins of the world : THANX FOR NOTHING ! lol 
I wanna be like some people and complain about my life every single fucking day ... oh wait , I have better things to say .... 
cut my head today and had blood pouring down my face before I realized it .. though it was sweat til I wiped my forehead ... it was pretty cool lol .. 
opinions are like assholes ... everyone has one and they all stink ! 
if you could have 3 wishes ... what would the be ? and no , a divorce or world peace doesn't count lol ... 
dear god : give us the original singer from < PROPFEMALE > in chains back , and you can have < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in return .. amen . 
Happy Holidays everyone 
sad to say it .. but i wanna mova back to kitsap county .. been in tacoma for two years and still don't know anyone at all .. 
sports suck .. i will never understand it ... we kick a ball then run .. exciting ... 
< PROPFIRST > ass 3D is pretty funny .. just hope ya have a strong stomach for certain parts if ya watch it lol . quicksilverscreen.com has tons of free movies ! 
know how to make 3 pounds of fat look good ? put a nipple on it .. 
