I got tipsy from champagne only an hour ago , but it's worn off . Happy New Year ! 

saw < PROPMALE > WEEEEEEEEEEE 
doing de stuff 
I SWEAR I AM SO SICK OF MY DP , I ALREADY LOST THOSE GLASSES ! I SHALL take a stupid picture and stupid upload it . In fact ... 
dunt hate , tolerate ! 
is ultra coolio ; FACT 
Does anyone know when school starts ? 
I can't think of anything witty to put as a status :[ 
Ugh when is school starting ? D < 
what are you supposed to say on these status things ? \I am sitting . \"" 
just figured out where to put my empty bulletin board in my room . 
I feel like updating my status so I shall and did ! 
feeling giddy because sb just gave me the best word 
is at < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Will do homework later :D GO GO SCHOOLWORK ! 
I've never had a coconut D; 
Thank goodness it's Friday :) 
Pop goes the weasle ! 
and Bingo was his namo ! 
O - G - N - I - B and Ognib was his namo ! 
Sing a happy happy happy happy happy happy song ! 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > Pevzner and I am human 
1 2 3 4 I declare a thumb war ! 
Facebook is confusing me > [ 
Dragon tales dragon tales , it's almost time for dragon tales . 
is watching Pirates of the Caribbean At World's End with my mom and making fun of < PROPFEMALE > Knightley . 
My mother doesn't know the difference between SOB and SB anymore ... 
\Be our guest be our guest put our service to the test ! \ " -Beauty and the Beast " 
My mother says I eat like a seagull . 
People should only say on here what they'd say in real life . Just saying > l 
grumblegrumblemunch 
There should be more days in a weekend . 
When did facebook change its layout ? 
I really need to clean my room , I've been putting it off for weeks now . 
It's too difficult to explain what pimpin ' means to my mom 
My eyebrow still hurts 
Me : Mama , what's my religious view ? Mom : How should I know ? Me : I'm optimistic ? Mom : That's not a religion . 
Have to do all of my homework today :( 
I need to go to bed earlier tonight , I'm too tired during the day . 
I love the weekend :D 
I love when my mom cooks for me , it lets me feel loved . 
Does anyone know how to make money without getting up ? 
Apples are so nice and healthy :) 
I can't wait until tomorrow . Right after school I will SLEEP ! 
I lost the game . 
How many people still use aim ? 
I think I enjoy the show KND more than I did a few years ago . 
How can it feel like Saturday when I didn't have school yesterday ? 
writing my personal < PROPFEMALE > for the yearbook at the last minute . 
Procrastinating ... 
My cat is wonderful for warming my hands . 
Homework day ! 
I wish Mr. Keser would hand in our reports already :( 
< PROPMALE > is the cutest flour baby :) 
Working on my yearbook < PROPFEMALE > . 
FINISHED MY YEARBOOK < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Forced to go to bed early ... the horror ! 
Did anyone finish their History Essay yet ? 
We shouldn't have Health on Mondays . 
Finally finished thanking everyone for wishing me a happy birthday :) It never takes this long in real life . 
Holy moly ! I woke up around 8am today after sleeping 15 hours . 
Had a fun day :) 
Why must I do homework when I want to read my book D < 
Tired . MUST SLEEP . 
Field trip Monday :) 
Weekend ! YAY ! 
I can sleep this weekend ! 
After I got home last night I slept for so long . 
decided to stop spamming people's inboxes with updated tags . 
Last school weekend ! -cries- 
Graduation on Wednesday AND I AM FREAKING OUT ! 
I need to sleep well tonight so I can wake up nice and early tomorrow . 
Where is my mom ; SHE NEEDS TO MAKE ME FOOD ! 
Showering , then going to bed . 
I'm scared of tagging people all at once in my photos , so feel free to tag yourselves . 
My mosquito bites won't stop itching ! 
My feet hurt from dancing so much . 
STUPID FACEBOOK ! D < 
Okay tomorrow I WILL GET OUT OF THE HOUSE ! I SWEAR IT ! 
Why can't you comment when people post new groups they've liked ? 
I really really need to do something this summer . I think I might have plans in the future ? But right now I NEED SOMETHING TO DO ! 
People need to stop making fun of my obsessive tagging . It's not even that obsessive ! I JUST NEED TO TAG EVERYONE IN THE PICTURE SO I CAN PROPERLY REMEMBER OKAYYYYY ?????? w > ?? dA/S ? 
I hate when facebook advertises my updates to other people . I DON'T WANT MY FRIENDS TO KNOW WHAT I DO ! 
After waking up every hour until 2am , I finally just couldn't go back to sleep . I hope I'm not tired today . 
I have a new favorite show that is only surpassed by Doctor Who ! Has anyone heard of < PROPMALE > ? 
I went to Borders and bought a book ! I LOVE READING <3 ! 
It is so hot :( 
I have recently rediscovered Atomic Kitten . 
I was told recently I look like < PROPFEMALE > Winslet , but I just can't see it . 
I just came back from watching < PROPFEMALE > Petit < PROPMALE > . 
Saw The Last Airbender yesterday . They could have done so much better . 
Have people really been using the Friend Finder ? 
Going to sleep because I'm scared of my mother . 
Some of my stuffed animals are such babies > l 
I actually have plans today . 
Just came back from Céline < PROPFEMALE > Guedj's house . YAY SIMS 2 ! 
I'm finally waking up at normal hours . 
Sitting on < PROPFEMALE>'s couch and using her iPod touch . Having trouble typing . 
My pigtail braids that Luciann < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > did for me are still in place . Nothing , not even sleep , can disturb Luciann's work ! 
In Cape Cod for a week , and staying in a nice house . :) 
Coming back from Cape Cod tomorrow afternoon . 
I've returned home . 
I got a haircut yesterday . I've needed one for months , so I'm glad I got it done . So now my bangs are shorter and I have layers . 
First day of school tomorrow . YAY ! 
The first day of school was great , except my feet are tired from walking so much . 
gfyhjk 
< PROPFEMALE > is stupid . 
nvm i am 
Céline < PROPFEMALE > Guedj is hacking me OIGJDITGJ ~~~ !!! 
I love holidays since it means no school . 
Need to go to bed early for school tomorrow . Meh . 
I feel so knowledgeable after coming home from another school day . 
Tonight's history homework is hilarious . Nacirema XD 
Is at Céline < PROPFEMALE > Guedj's house because she says she's amazing . 
WEEKEND ! I can stay up ! I can sleep in ! 
Doing homework . 
My mother should be home ; I'm hungry !!! 
TGIF . 
Thursday . I just need to get up early one more time , and then I can sleep ! 
My laptop , < PROPFEMALE > , won't turn on . I'm bringing her to the doctor once my family makes enough money to fix her . 
< PROPFEMALE > is FIXED ! WEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I think I slept more than ten hours last night . 
My mom doesn't like that I stay up so late on a school night . 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE & EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . WILL you make it your status for at least one hour ? 
Orange Lantern Dance !!! 
Went to the < PROPMALE > School to organize books for their library . I feel accomplished . 
I licked the back of my hand and tasted soap . I don't think I've ever ran so fast to the sink . 
Mint chocolate chip gum smells so good . 
My pants got a big rip in them just now . I hope I can patch it up , otherwise I can't wear them again . 
I OFFICIALLY HAVE PLANS FOR TOMORROW ( but more like today seeing it is technically the 31st already ... ) . YESSSS ! 
Going trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > Karp ! :D 
Tomorrow I shall sleep , eat some < PROPFEMALE > , then sleep some more ! And maybe squeeze homework in there somewhere . 
I have a lot of homework this weekend , BUTTT I can finally sleep ! 
Thank god it's Wednesday . Sleeeeeeeeeeeep ! 
Went to the dentist earlier today . They told me I had a cavity , but it turned out to be a false alarm . And alsooooo I SAW < PROPMALE > YOU THERE :D 
I might be getting braces soon if it turns out my health care can pay for it . I'm thinking yay , but many people say nay . 
Going to bed now . I am going to get so much sleep ... zzzZZzzzzzZ 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 . GO DRACO ! 
I have to clean my room , do homework and go to bed early today . LATER today . 
Came back from a checkup a few hours ago . I don't know why we check for scoliosis in school when my doctor told me evidence has shown that it is not necessary to take such precautions unless you have back pains . 
Still battling with my health care for the right to free braces . 
\Liking your own status is like giving yourself a high five . \ " Is it weird that I DO actually give myself high fives ? " 
I really really want it to be Winter Vacation already . 
I got my nose re-pierced today . Every time I look at my reflection , I start because of some shine near my nose I'm not used to seeing . 
I am so glad we have a snow day tomorrow . I think I'll stay in and celebrate ( by not doing my homework ) . 
I've seen three heated arguments on facebook so far tonight . Why do people put so much effort into these things ? 
I would have had to go shovel my car out of the snow if my mom wasn't told there is a snow emergency and she isn't supposed to drive . Thank god for small blessings . 
I really feel there should be a comment option on a post of what our friends liked . I always have so much to say to those ! 
Going to the Science Museum tomorrow . Any suggestions on what exhibits to look for ? 
SKYPE IS SUPER COOL except when it's being annoying . 
I lost The Game . 
