Okay- I've caved- I've got a Facebook . Sheesh . 

Spending time with my family . Playin in the dirt . Yay ! Lol . 
Hangin with my Family and my Son . Today was his first Field Day . He Kicked Ass !! 
Whoah- this facebook thing is cool . And free ! And I can find all the cool people I lost contact with !! Except ... what happened to my day ? 
Okay- plans fell through . What's goin on tonight ? I've been all excited to go out ... 
Gonna miss ya Shriek . Congrats on gettin outta this shithouse before us . I'll assume the afterparty for the damned will be in the circle of Hell made just for you while you were here . See ya there- crazy zombie beehatch . :( 
Thanks to P ! MP , BJE , Outbreak Crew and all those who helped make the party last night at Primerdome such a raging sucess . Epic . You all rock socks ! 
Consolidating my life . Closed the clinic- pulled my sound system out of Primerdome- stopped teaching- for a while it's just me , my books , my < PROPMALE > and my family . It's only a matter of time before I get out of managing that stupid frigging house . Then- Freedom !! It won't be long before I'm caught right back up though- opening a custom bike shop with some friends real soon ... Stay tuned ... 
Tuesday Night- Sinsations , 753 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Memorial anniversary of < PROPFIRST > B . Bring a donation . Great place , great music- celebrating the life of a Great Guy . See you there !! 
Sugarhouse Tonight Baby !! hit me up for guest list , details , bottle service ... \ 
( Yay Fetish ... ) 
Fun in the sun with the son on his 6th . I had to fill this damn thing with a bucket from the sink . Any other parents out there wanna coordinate on some play dates ? 
My woman cheated , I broke up with her Monday , went out to take my mind off it- & got jumped by 6 little \gangsters\ " that night . Took 3 out before they finally got me with something real hard to the back of the head . Must've laid into me after that . I'm alright but I look like hell . Layin low for the week while I heal . Send me healing vibes . Visit if you'd like- I could use a friend or a hug . " 
Anybody got a spare mixer for sale , or that I can at least borrow for a few ? The Chumps at Primerdome fried mine and if I can't spin I'll lose my friggin mind . Please !!! 
Been a minute since I've said anything- so :\ 
I'm great , recently started training in Kun Tao Silat along with my standard practices . Got another snake , that's 3 now ; spending a lot of time with my son and developing things with an amazing woman . Gonna start up a new womens self defense class soon . Anyone interested ? Great exercise , practial techniques , and cheap ... \ 
Let me know ! \ 
Namaste ! 
Happy Birthday to Me !! 
Vampires Ball at the Sugarhouse Tonight ! Come see all the best- < PROPMALE > , Kaya , Kasia- the list goes on . Time to get your Blood-suckin ' Booty Groove on . See ya there ! 
I've developed a strange kind of obsessive insomnia- where all I want to do is read . It used to make me tired- but now ...? And the funny thing- I rarely read fiction . Information Binge ? Odd- but informative ! :) I suppose being inspired is good- but sleep is too , Dammit ! \ 
I blame my new girl . She's a tantric crackrock . Even in her sleep she radiates transcendental < PROPFEMALE > . I suppose it could be worse ... 
Was gonna try to make it to Impact tonight with my girl , but alas , our ride has failed us . If there's anyone out there goin still that hasn't left yet & could chauffeur our cute little derrieres please let us know . They are itchin to shake to dubstep , not unlike yours , I'm sure . You scratch ours and we'll scratch yours ! Wiki-wiki-Whomp ! :) 
The more responsibility I acquire , the more humble I become . I am gifted by your servitude , \Cherish . \ " I will command you well 
Please tell me this is not a dream , screaming from my soul I'm teeming with this < PROPFEMALE > supreme . Leaving incandescent gleaming in my wake it's so serene , feeling synergistic meaning , are you feeling what I see ? 
Holy shit I'm up before noon ! Time te get some java and hit the decks . God- life can be so hard sometimes ... 
Trance heart in dubby waters . I feel you all . I feel too much ... Namaste . 
This eclipse is amazing . Alone on my rooftop , glass of wine ... Hard to beat this . 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
\ 
Luv my little Evey < PROPFEMALE > !! The only little girl we got !! ( lots of responsibility there . lol . Gotta Represent ! ) Luv ya too Kimmie . 
