the house is a mess 

FUCKING M.O.T.O. TONIGHT !!!! BOURBON STREET WITH SICK THRILLS .. BE THERE COCKSUCKERS !!! 2 4 6 8 ROCK N ' ROLL !!! 
last night M.O.T.O. kicked the shit out of my ass !!!!! i literally burned 40 dollars ... WHAT THE FUCK !!! and somebody ... maybe more put something up my nose . 
fucking whiskey 
uhhhh .... ya know ?... its to bad there isn't a show tonight ! 
man i got these fuckn sexy white jeans , fuckn uhh ... im cuter than sex !!! 
TONITE !.. WE'RE GOONA FUCK SHIT UP !!! REAL GOOD MOTHERFUCKERS !!!! 
wants to get drunk . NOW ! 
being quarentined ... alone , me my self my < PROPMALE > and some neem oil !!!! BOOZ DAMNIT IM DRINK\N BOOZ AND THEY TAStE SO DAMN GOOD SO GRAB YOUR \ " GO BAG\ " AND GUN DOWN A FUCK\ " N PIG !... so that there will be fewer cops giving me speeding tickets !!!! " 
< PROPFEMALE > don't water down the drugs ! it weakens the soul ... brings you closer to death ! 
im thinking a valium would make this the perfect afternoon 
butthole surfers tonight !!!! after this i dont give a fuck . i'll die happy ... been waiting years !!!! 
wants to fight 3 people at once ! 
has to work at 6am so im goona get fucked up and work a 14 hour day < PROPMALE > over as fuck ... for the third week in a row ... im a champion but im turning yellow !!! 
hey < PROPMALE > i've got some tamiflu . its seeping from the cancher on the end of my cock . Taste like fucking listerine !... drink up ! 
this awsome new municipal waste album im getting fucked up to ... what is this fucking shit ? why am i broke ? it certainly throws a wrench in my ass ... beer's only half the fun !!!! I guess i'll trade stock . 
fuck the city of < PROPMALE > ! 457 dollars my ass you motherfucking bastards !!! im goona burn this shithole to the ground ! plow my roads then maybe i'll consider it you fucking theives !!! 
Metalocalyps Dethklok vol . II ... Mermaider II : The Water God !!! Fucking awsome !!! and bang'n sluts 
day 4 in europe . done nothing but drink . we dont have a toilet so we piss in a bucket . havn't showered in 4 days . the food , wine and beer are awsome and the women are beautiful . first show tonight !!! then get me the fuck to < PROPFEMALE > were we have a 24 hr host's!!!!!!!!!!!! 
fuck my internet !!!!!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > for letting me use your compter . what the fuck my brother brought 3 kittens home !!! they will piss everywere !!! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Throckmorton . 
fuck yeah ! got my goddamn internet to work .. only took 3 months . maybe i should have called sombody ? 
its fucked up when its so hot you wake up with a hangover even with the absense of drinking 
its so fucking hot i cant shake this hangover even drinking wont help im in a constant state of nausea !! we hand a good show tonight we sounded great when we were'nt fucking up but the atmosphere was light so people thought it more entertaining . didn't help my drummer has strep and my lead singer got hit by a car ! 
cleaning sucks im all < PROPFIRST > and sticky but i dont want to take a shower and fuck up my nice shiny bathroom 
im 21 ! aya ! 
listening to < PROPFIRST > halen 
how come every time i go to the boneyard i get in a shouting match with the same girl , outside the bathroom ? three fucking times now !!!!! i think its time for AA all my moneys gone 
got to get fcuked up !!!!!!! 1 
mmmmh ... lenny bruce .. without tears . 
Savage Pinko's show in Pittsburge tonight with Submachine ! hope we play well and come back in one peice . 
savage pinkos tonight at boneyard !!!! w/ utopiates ex-whites burger boys andkill the hippies ! 
wake'n up drunk makes me happy ! 
fucking four day weekend !.. thank god ! then on to twelve days straight working 
well ... family time is over . time to get fucked up ! 
im sick of how much more money everyone i know is getting back on their tax's . I like to party to ! 
bored .. want to get fucked up 
i really need to start working on my novel , WHILE WE WERE GONE . 
