Just made some kick ass lasagna ... mmm yummy ! 

i'm used to night shift , what is this mess bein up at 4:30 in the morning .... thank goodness for tylenol pm ! 
fighting off a bad headache ... must be allergic to school , starting classes tomorrow . haha , hope it lets up soon =( 
still feel like crap ! just got home from class ... english comp II yuck ! ehh maybe it wont be that bad guess i will find out soon enough 
tired , should have slept longer ... i hate night shift =( 
so so so tired and worn out ..... ick ! i'm really beginning to dislike this whole school thing , and it's only the 3rd day of my 2nd semester , haha ! 
anyone know a cure for a fricken horrible headache ?... its been goin on for a week and a half now , i'm ready to shoot myself ! =( 
Where ur blockers at ? Where they at ? Where they at ? 
woke up in a really shitty mood and I'm not even sure why ... gotta love being a woman ! 
bout to head to class , got my first BIG test ... nobody ask or tell me anything ! i'm functioning on autopilot right now for fear i might lose some information that i just crammed into my brain haha 
just hope your heaven sent and hell proof 
SOOOO ... i have decided that i would much rather just go to sleep and wake up smart with a degree instead of doing this whole school thing , anyone know how to do that ? haha 
Aww i forgot what its like to be a kid ... had so much fun playin at chuckie cheese with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > * adopted nephews hehe =) * 
Gotta take a short nap and wake up for the almighty Orange Grove parade yay ! Too bad there won't be any of my famous jungle juice this year ... gonna miss it . 
Friend VS Enemy .... which one is worse ? hmmm ...... 
did some research and found out that < PROPFEMALE > is the official ribbon color for lung disease so me and my bestie went and bought the stuff to make some ribbons to wear , they actually came out pretty hehe now it's time to study , have tests every day this week , then go to bed and wake up early to take moms cousin to the airport .... phew ! anyone wanna step in for a sec ?? =) 
A Veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE>' , for an amount ' up to , and including their life ' . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today , who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom ! 
Holy crap this ribbon thing is getting out of control ! my fingers only move so fast !! Thanks again for the support =) 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile n she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Post it on your wall if agree .. 
i hate working ! somebody wanna give me a couple mill so i can just go ahead and retire somewhere beautiful ... Bora Bora Tahiti will work for me , haha 
well ... mom's case goes before the committee again tomorrow ... everyone cross their fingers and have happy thoughts that they approve her this time ! 
Well here's the latest update on mom : she is unable to be put on the transplant list right now because her body has developed some antibodies that would cause her to reject the lungs once she got them which would result in the worst possible outcome .... 
Headed to dreamy dream land ... so so tired 
Headed out to buy ribbon supplies ... getting together with a few people tonight to make ribbons =) 
UPDATE : Mom's medical team met this week to discuss a plan of action in regards to her high antibody count ... they are thinking that if they freeze her plasma that it will cause the count to drop , so they might do that ... still talking about sending her blood off to < PROPMALE > University for testing . Hopefully we will know more next week . 
A & P 1 ended friday , got an A yay =) now we started A & P 2 yesterday and it's back to studying ! definetly liked the weekend between the 2 with no homework !!! 
Mom got a call from her medical team last night , unfortunetly the call was missed but the message that was left said that they had a plan of action ... we will find out today what the plan is and i will update everyone ... everyone cross your fingers that its something good =) 
Just got home from spending the day with my bestie's nephews ... it was so much fun , they are absolutely precious ! =) 
sitting at work feeling terrible .... ughh =( 
Climbing in the bed to see if I can't knock the rest of this cold out and reattach my mind to my body ... I feel so loopy ! 
To everyone who is interested : we have created a blog < PROPFEMALE > with detailed updates on mom's status in regards to her health and the plans for surgery , it is ..... jdhollis60.spaces.live.com 
I think I'm getting old ... it's 9:30 and I'm more than ready for bed , so ... g'nite! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : FORT WORTH , TEXAS 
1 more day of class then spring break YAY ! 
Ok , so phase one of the Saving My Moms Journey is in full swing . Mom and dad headed to New Orleans this afternoon , mom is scheduled for the plasma pheresis thingy to start tomorrow . Everyone cross your fingers and think happy thoughts that this works the way we need it to ! 
Up here at the hospital with mom and the family . The doctor came in a little while ago and said that they are going to try and put her on the list this week as long as everything goes well . If it does then she could have a new set of lungs very shortly .... YAY ! =) I will keep everyone posted with the updates and dad will soon have the blog site updated too . 
My dad is so cool he pees ice cycles ! 
OK EVERYONE : Mom just got put on transplant list about 15 minutes ago ... she will still be getting the plasma pheresis to bring her antibodies down and will still be getting the gamma globulin treatments over the next few days to build her immune system ... hopefully she won't have to be discharged from the hospital and ... will get her new lungs pretty fast ... we are so excited ! =) YAY 
I know I'm a little late but late is always better than never right ? Happy Easter everyone . Hope y'all had a great day , I know I did . Good food , great family ! =) 
HOLY CRAP !!! I'm officially done with school for this semester .... FINALLY ! I can breathe again whew ! =) 
UGHHH ! Tired of the dumb shit ! 
Rest In Peace < PROPFEMALE > I will never forget you ! =) 
just gone done helping my dad paint the house ... im exhausted ! YARD SALE saturday June 12th to raise money for my mom if anyone is interested . 
2 More days til I turn 29 yuck ... Im gettin old as shit ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! BJ happy birthday to u too sorry i missed tellin u on ur day . < PROPFIRST > me and my mans will be in fla for leslies wedding so we will have to chill then cant wait . Love u guys ! 
I love Mississippi but i hate these ridiculously hot summers ! 
Oh just a reminder to anyone who might be interested ... we are having a huge yard sale to raise money for my mommy tomorrow =) 
Headed to gpt to pick my aunt up at the airport ... ugh its too early ... stayed up til 4 playin spades WHY ? 
The house is clean and the last load of laundry just went into the dryer ... its so sad that getting that done makes me feel like i have accomplished something haha 
I can feel the shivers down my spine from my ice cold heart ... once again ... if you dont like the war bound bitch that ive become stop giving me the ammo ! 
I am headed to fill out an application for food stamps for the first time in my life ... gotta love how a single person can bring someone down like that ... oh well guess thats what the state is for right ? 
Waiting impatiently for 7 when my relief gets here so i can go home and crawl into the bed i didnt want to sleep in yesterday ... wont be sad to sleep alone today ! 
I am already bored out of my mind at work and ive only been here 45 minutes ... its gonna be a long long night ! 
I dont scratch unless it itches i dont dance unless the music's right ... i will not be intimidated ! 
Oh what tangled webs we weave ... strive to stay out of dramas way and wound up camping out in its backyard like we go back to the sandbox or something ... WTF ? 
Gettin ready for an interview at the < PROPMALE > Rivage ... everyone cross your fingers I really need this job . 
Oh my Lord it is soooo hot today and I have to move furniture ... YAY ! 
UGH ! Back to work again . Im so tired of having to work to make a living ... anyone want to pay my bills for me for a while ? haha 
Prayin for my momal shes in the hospital =( 
Im sorry guys ... I just want to clear everything up its my grandma ( moms mom ) in the hospital . My mom is doing good I didnt mean to alarm everyone . Thanks everybody for the support tho that truly does mean alot we have an amazing group of family and friends and couldnt ask for better . Love yall bunches ! Sorry again . 
Why is it that some people cant seem to just act like an adult in an adult situation ... is it really that hard to do the right thing and be responsible for just a minute ?! 
Friday , Saturday Night All Night Long !!! * in the words of the most amazing 3 year old * 
Well it's time to suck todays < PROPMALE > ! Gotta go move furniture in this amazingly cool weather ... ha 
Ugh ! Sooo bored , I hate being at home by myself ! 
Watching my best friend lose her monkey ass mind to .... let me ride that donkey donkey ! LMAO !!! 
AACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.. If you're allergic to bullshit , drama , head games , liars , & fake ass people keep this sneeze going !!!!!!!!! 
When the sunrises , theres one thing on my mind .... I want sex for breakfast .... stay inside ... and even though we made sweet love all night .... I want sex for breakfast . 
mmm ... beer is good for me ! yums 
k so i lied ... beer is not good for me ha ! 
Just when you think you are about to close a chapter , some dumb shit happens ... love it ! * sigh * 
The most beautiful thing ever heard is the sound of another's heart beat .... one's own rhythm of their very existence . 
UGH ! An hour wait at the financial aid office already and we got here at 810 ... wtf ! 
nothin like takin care of your bestie who has just had a shot of pain meds ... haha funny shits and good times 
Im ridin through the city with my high beams on can you see me ? can you see me ? get your visine on 
Its friday time to go back to work tonight * sigh * =( 
Headed to work when I should be at a resort in Texas right now out at the lake ... gotta love how life changes in the blink of an eye =( 
Planning a trip to Vegas for my spring break ... hope it works out this time . I'm so excited =) 
Headed to go spend some time with my moms =) 
Just got back from the gym ... feels great . Lovin it ! 
If these are my grandmas last days may they be as painless as possible and my mom be strong enough to handle our loss . AMEN . 
Ugh ! Bad night at work I can't wait for 7:00 . Im sooooo ready to go home !!! 
Somebody save me I need a new job like yesterday ! I don't know how much longer I can do this . 
YES ! It's my Friday ... don't have to be back to work until Friday night . Yay =) 
Ugh ! I am so ready to be over this cold . Who gets a cold in the middle of summer ? Yep that's right ... me right here ! 
Sooooo .... it is official , I hate dealing with JD and the financial aid office . I'm so pissed right now ! Arg 
Sigh ... another Friday night at work . I can't wait until school is over and I can have a job working during the week like normal people . 
Ok back to the grind ... today is my first day of classes . I made the Vice President's list last semester , gonna bust my butt and try for the < PROPFIRST>'s list this time . 
So when I woke up this morning I thought the worst part of my day would be day one of public speaking ... absolutely don't want to take that class . BUT , as I am leaving for school a freak accident occurs and I have somehow managed to lock my purse , my keys , my phone , my books , everything in my truck . OH YEAH and it's running ! Who does that shit ? Hell of a day already and it's not even 8:00 yet . Sigh .... 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered \come with me . \ " A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating 
Happy Anniversary Gulf Coast ... 5 years today since we survived < PROPFEMALE > . Today lets remember everyone that we lost and be thankful of what we do have . Lets all keep our heads up and continue to rebuild our lives . 
Work , school and family with little sleep ... I'm exhausted and it's only week 2 . It's gonna be a long semester ! 
What the hell makes a person think they can just say whatever the hell they want to you ? People these days , I swear . I've never had a conversation where I've wanted to knock someone's teeth down their throat with every word they said until tonight ... guess there is a first for everything ! 
3 1/2 hrs of sleep and gotta work all night ... what was i thinking ?! 
YAY ! Bout to get off work and don't have to be back til Friday night . Goin to buy my living room furniture today , I can't wait !! =) =) 
Ya know , women go through this grueling unnecessary punishment once a month for the majority of their lives and are expected to maintain a positive attitude walk around with smiles on their faces and act as though life is grand and stay pleasant . WTF ?? Why is it that we have to do that again ? 
? BROTHERS WEEK ... If you have A brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled \ 
your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you \ 
cry .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you \ 
strong .. Can't do without .. Copy this and post it 
Goin to Buffalo Wild Wings tonight for the Saints game , good times . WHO DAT !!! 
Ok Scratch that ! At 625 buffalo wild wings had over an hour wait . Headed to castaways in ocean springs . Reppin the NO BABY ! 
guess it's back to work tonight ... blah . oh well gotta make some kind of money , not a lot but some . any who ... GO SAINTS ! =) 
MOM UPDATE : we got some good news today . moms dr called and said that her antibodies are starting to come down so they are going to do some intense treatments here soon to help bring them down some more . hopefully they will start to come down pretty fast now and she can get her new lungs =) lets keep praying . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies .... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship .... ... Re post if u have one true friend . They will know who they are 
You know it sucks when you know you are getting screwed around especially by someone you care about ... sometimes i'd rather just not know and be nieve to dumb shit ... it doesn't sting as bad that way . 
Oh what I wouldn't give to just speed through this semester . I'm over it already =/ 
2-0 Baby ! WHO DAT ! 
Bout to get ready and leave for class ... love that Microbiology ha =) 
I just wish I had a whole 24 hrs that I didn't have to do anything or be anywhere . It's Friday so back to work tonight but not before I finish putting my living room together * once I manage to get a screwdriver * and cleaning oh and going to Gulfport for a while . Ehh I just want to do nothing today , for once . Oh well , guess that's life . Welp ... off to start my day . blah . 
Back at work , as usual on a Friday night . Glad I love what I do considering I work every weekend . Oh but it does get old . Sigh ... 
Studying * boring * at work * boring * on a saturday night * wtf * =/ 
It's raining and I'm getting more tired by the minute . can't wait to get home and crawl into my bed . these 12 hr overnight shifts are hellacious ! 
Oh my Lord .... a 15 hr shift and only 3 hrs of sleep today ... I'm dying ! 
In serious need of a vacation ! I'm stressed out beyond belief . 
Ok Saints , lets do the damn thang today ! No repeats . 
Ugh I have a horrible pressure headache ... I just wanna go home and crawl up into my bed and sleep for hours , days even . Sigh .... =/ 
Its so pretty outside and the perfect temperature wish it was like this year round ... perfect weather for Cruisin the Coast . 
UGH ! What a load of crap . This school thing is really starting to piss me off . I just wish it could be simple and when you had a question about something that you didn't get the run around for an answer . Looks like I might not be able to apply to the nursing program until the fall semester ... that doesn't make me happy at all . I'm tired of dealing with the JD campus . 
You know , you know , you know I'd never ask you to change . If perfect's what you're looking for then just stay the same ... 
3 1/2 hrs to go on this horribly slow shift can't wait ... oh so tired 
Just seen the new Resident Evil in 3D dope ass movie ! Cant wait for the next one =) 
Oh Lord think I went and got myself a stalker wtf ?! 
What the shit ! I lost my damn wallet today ... not good ! 
One thing I can't stand is lyin ass bitches . Do you really think I don't know the truth ? My shit is on point ... sittin back waitin , watchin you slit your own throat . HA 
Aww yeah bon fire yeah ! 
Finished my microbiology paper and submitted it with 10 minutes to spare haha they don't call me Crunch Time < PROPMALE > for no reason ha ! Sigh ... such bad habits . 
AGHHHH ! Someone save me I am SOOOOO bored ! 
Bout to curl up on the couch with my pillows and blanket in my comfy clothes and watch cheesy scary movies all day with my bestie and my baby cousin . Payin tribute to Halloween . What a great lazy day ! =) 
Gotta love those people who say whatever they have to say to get what they want and then disappoint you in the end ... 
Its such a pretty day . Turned my air conditioner off and opened all the windows . Love it ! Tonight Im going to a haunted house not too excited about it I hate those damn things but my lovely cousin has concinced me to go . Eek ! 
Happy Halloween everyone ! 
Mmm mmm < PROPMALE > Moore #16 sooo sexy ! Lets go Saints ! 
Sexy ass game WHO DAT ! 
People who wonder why I have become such a Bitch these days just remember this .... the world made me this way so the world has to deal with me . If there weren't such shitty , dishonest , self-centered , worthless fucks who seem to plant themselves in my life then maybe , just maybe I would be a nicer person . Ya dig ? 
OKIE ... if I can just get through this week , the grind is on for a job and putting structure back into my life . I am SOOOO stressed out I think I'm about to lose my mind ! Everyone pray for my mama , we had some troubles last night and we are currently awaiting a call from her doctor in New Orleans to see what the new plan is . 
Holy crap ! 6 Hours of filling out applications , lets hope something comes through soon ! 
I need a fricken job soooo bad ! AGH ! 
Feelin ' the pressure ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow\ 
that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends\ 
will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an \ 
hour , in honor of those who died of cancer or still fighting it . I do \ 
this in honor of my family and friends who have died or are fighting cancer . 
Bout to kill a bottle of vodka . Why ? Basically just becuz I can . Mmm yummy ! 
Yep im drunk and its nice havent been drunk in forever 
Really ? Bitches tryin to get me shit faced ... welp I guess I'm down ha ! 
Lovin this game ! WHO DAT ! 
Twas the day before payback and all through Big D .. New Orleans Saints fans rejoice.it's Saintsgiving you see . turkeys are injected . gumbo has been made . Cowboys are undefeated since they got rid of Wade . Cowboy fans reminisce of < PROPFEMALE > days of the past . while Who Dat Nation is talkin shit , getting drunk & kickin ass .. so as we await kickoff on a very special day . remember payback is a bitch and < PROPFIRST > is going to pay ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Hope everyone had a great day . 
RUM 
So I just seen the most amazing thing . My friend < PROPFEMALE > had her baby tonight at 8:08 and I had the privelage of being in the delivery room . How fricken awesome ! To think I was able to see the exact moment that a life came into this world . I have never seen anything so beautiful in my life . 
Black , black , black and blue beat me ' til I'm numb ... tell the Devil I said hey when you get back to where you're from . 
I absolutely fricken love it when people show their true colors and have no idea that others can see what they are really about ... cliche yes but I have to say dont mistake my kindness for weakness . I promise you dont want to see the evil that can emerge from within me ! Im a good person but fuck really ?! 
Headed to the NO baby in a stretch hummer limo ... bachelorette party baby !! 
MOM UPDATE : Ok so mom is being reactivated on the donor list next Tuesday the 28th . Once she is reactivated it should only be a couple of days before she receives her new lungs YAY !! What a great way to start the new year . If everyone could keep her and our family in your prayers . Once everything starts happening I will keep everyone posted as much as possible . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Hope < PROPFEMALE > is good to everyone . Lots of love anf God bless ! 
Yay it's snowing ! 
MOM UPDATE : We are active on the donor list . Mom just got the phone call from her dr now its just a waiting game . Everyone please keep us in your prayers . 
Hey everyone please don't think I'm being rude if you messaged me lately , I just got a new phone and apparently my facebook app on my phone keeps me online and I'm still trying to figure it all out . Sorry to everyone I didn't respond to . Oh and thanks to everyone for the positive thoughts and prayers they mean so much to me and my family . 
Holy crap this waiting thing is killing me . I wish we would just get the call already ! 
Happy New Years everyone ! I can't believe 2010 is over this year went by so fast . I'm ready for 2011 ! Ready to get my shits together and do the damn thang ! 
4 yrs and I can finally let go of the poison that has consumed my life for way too long . I'm glad my eyes are now open . Raisin my glass to 2011 ! 
Headed to the < PROPMALE > with my girls ... haven't been to the club in a minute its time to be free again ! 
Let's go Saints we need a win ! WHO DAT ! 
Come on Saints where's our defense ?! 
Good game ... shitty we lost but good game 
Aww yeah orientation with the new job tomorrow can't wait to make some moneys again ! 
Yay start my job tomorrow night at midnight ! 
I lift things up and put them down 
Holy crap I'm tired ... come on 8 o'clock I got a date with my bed . This grave yard shit is killin me =/ 
4 more days and I get a day off I can't wait I'm exhausted ! I think I need a masage my body hurts so damn bad =/ 
Okie only 2 nights left for now its off to bed to die for a lil while 
Ugh sick as hell ... when does it stop ? 
5 more hours and I'm off for 2 nights ... maybe I can actually do something instead of bein in bed sick this time 
I can feel your eyes on me , wet like peaches . 
Time to clean and do some laundry ... anyone wanna come do it for me ?? Ha 
Just marinated steaks for dinner , its gonna be yummy ! 
Smells like dinner is ready ! Steak , acorn squash , salad and hawaiian rolls ... mmm 
Gotta love this nasty weather I'm so ready to go home and crawl into bed =/ 
Ya know there some fucked up low down people in this world .... like really what the fuck , why ?!?! 
Oh my gosh this is the longest night ever ! Somebody save me please . 
Green n yellow ! 
Yay its Friday ! 
I love love love waking up ever hour and a half !!! 
I hate the month of february ... and apparently it hates me too , ugh 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Hope everyone has a great day <3 
Can't wait to get off work and get some sleep , then gotta go stay with moms in the hospital for a couple days , maybe we can find her some lungs while were there 
In Loving Memory of Nevaeh Herron February 16 , 2008 . Rest in peace baby girl , one day I will hold you again . 
Really ? Hahahaha 
Ya know , people never cease to amaze me ... oh and by the way I'm flattered , but you'll never get that much outta me ... you aren't worth my time ! 
3 nights down 3 to go ... can't wait for my weekend I feel a \get shitty\ " night comin on ! " 
Yay I think we are gonna get this apartment ! I hope so I need outta this toxic apartment I'm in now . 
Its finally Friday !!! I think I want a drink for breakfast , ha . 
Headed to New Orleans ... mom is getting lungs !! I will keep everyone posted , please pray our family we need all the strength we can get to make it through this . 
MOM UPDATE : ok we just made it into the room they are about to start cleaning her blood and we are just waiting on the donor lungs at this point . 
MOM UPDATE : dr just came in looks like she is going in for surgery at or around 730 tonight . 
OK : the dr just came in there is a delay on the donors side of it so we are still waiting , will let everyone know when she goes back to the OR 
Mom just went into surgery will update as we know more .... please pray for my mama !!! 
Surgery is over mom is doing good waiting to move to ICU ... 
Mom is doing great the drs are making her breathe on her own working towards getting her breathing tube out , she isn't completely awake yet but getting there . 
I am sooo fricken exhausted ... mentally and physically 
I can't believe some people , some things should just be left alone , especially if ur doin what u do for the wrong reasons ... be true to urself leave me out of it 
UPDATE : mom had a good night she is off her sedation medication and is responding to commands , her anxiety is good , no bp meds ... 
Just got to see mom she looks great ! She is breathing on her own no forced respirations and is very awake and calm . Still waiting on the dr but things look good 
Yay ! Dr is pulling the breathing tube out right now . 
Sorry to everyone who has been following mom on my fb I wasn't at the hospital today but she is doing great and is out of ICU now . Thanks everyone for the love . 
I'm sooo tired !!! 
So I'm finally back at the hospital with mom ... she's doing good , seems to be a little tired by this point but that's to be expected considering the time . 
Mom is doing great ! You would never suspect that she just had an extremely serious surgery just 5 days ago . We are going to do a little walking today , she might even be able to take a shower today too , which I know she will love . It shouldn't be but a couple of days until she gets to move to the apartment . =) 
The Dr. just left not too long ago , said the space around moms lungs is getting smaller which is a good thing , air bubble still decreasing in size as well . She still has a lot of drainage so the chest tubes won't be coming out today . 
I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it , sex in the air I don't care I love the smell of it , sticks and stones may break my bones but chains n whips excite me 
It is so liberating to throw away the past ... literally , in the dumpster . There aren't anymore lingering reminders =)) 
Mom is doing amazing she said she's starting to feel a lot better . Dr. came in and they are going to remove one of her chest tubes today . Yay ! 
I think you're under me if you don't understand me 
9 days left in this toxic apartment ... can't wait to get the hell up outta here ! 
I just want to thank everyone who has lost their monkey ass minds today and brought laughter to my day . 
What a horrible night at work ... some people just don't know when to shut the hell up ! 
OMG an hour and a half left then a 3 day weekend yay ! 
For the first time in a really long time I can honestly say life is good , everything seems to be falling perfectly in place ... how refreshing =) 
Today was a good day . Cleaned the apartment some , packed up the rest of my stuffs , washed and cleaned my truck ... got a lot done . Now I'm ready to move =) 
So there is nothing fun about standing outside at work when its < PROPFEMALE > and cold . Where the hell did the warm weather go ??? 
Today is my moms birthday , thanks to Ochsners and their amazing transplant team we are able to celebrate this day with her .... and many many more in the future . 
So ... tonight is the last official night in apt 421 . Tomorrow , everything changes . The past is the past and no longer haunts my future . Out with the old and in with the new . Life is great ! 
This is the perfect weather to be in the bed , why am I at work ?? =( 
Just turned in the keys to my old apartment at Timber Grove and the deposit is on its way back to me . Deuces to that place and everything attached to it ! 
