getting ready for school .... kinda glad to get back i guess 

bored .... 
feeling better than i was last week 
i hate tennis racketts !!!!! got hit in the eye today by one in gym ...... 
done putting up the christmas tree . so tired 
ready for the break 
listening to music .... just kinda chilling 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
Taking life one day at a time . 
kinda tired probably go to sleep early 
studying for mid term exams 
getting ready for geography and english mid term tomorrow 
glad that mid terms are over 
hoping everyone will have a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas and happy new year 
listening to music 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
getting ready for the new year 
Happy New Year . 
No school tomorrow !!! :) 
Will it ever stop snowing ? 
finally it stop snowing , for the first time in a few days there is sunshine instead of clouds 
More snow predicted tonight .... 
Reading to kill a mockingbird 
Enjoying the extra day off 
getting ready for tomorrow 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour ? 
Just finished mr < PROPMALE > assignment for to kill a mockingbird 
Did < PROPFIRST > depp really die or was it just a hoax ? 
Just relaxing ..... 
Praying that we get a ton of snow so we can get out of school 
Had a good day . Glad that we are getting out tomorrow . 
wondering ..... 
Finishing reading the assignment for mr. < PROPMALE > 
No school ! 
Why does it take disaster for someone to give a helping hand ? 
Another day of no school 
Schools opening 2 hours late tomorrow 
Life is short so live life to the fullest . 
Saints win !!! 
What was the chapters we are supposed to read for mr. < PROPMALE > 
Had a good day 
Just finished installing windows 7 
No school !! 
Doesn't feel like doing mr < PROPMALE > speech 
Working on mr. < PROPMALE > speech 
watching the vandy game . go vandy ! 
Life is full of choices and sometimes you make the wrong choice 
speech for mr. < PROPMALE > went well today 
Why do some people wait until it is time to die to start living life 
watching < PROPFIRST > lopez :) 
just got back from eating at o'charleys 
it has been a slow day ... =/ 
Life is a story and how it goes depends on you 
sick .... :( 
feeling better than what i was ... text me 
just got home . had a pretty good day 
listening to music ... text me 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
started the math project for truax 
Thank god for spring break 
stuck with basic until we get the digital box installed ... =/ 
working on the scene for english 
just finished the math project and the book report 
About to get off . Goodnight 
Got sunburned on the walk today . :/ 
Hanging out with my cousins 
Happy Easter everybody ! 
should i take algebra 2 and geometry next year ? Im choosing my classes tomorrow so i need to know what you guys think 
Chose classes for next year . Got a pretty tough scheldule with Algebra 2 Advanc < PROPMALE > Honors , Geometry Advanc < PROPMALE > Honors , Chemistry Advanc < PROPMALE > Honors , Latin 1 Honors , English 2 Honors , PE/Driver's < PROPMALE > , and Criminal Justice 2 
Reading the script for the project for < PROPMALE > 
Dream as if you live forever and live as if you'll die tomorrow 
Fall in love or fall in hate . Get inspired or be depressed . Ace a test or flunk a class . Speak the truth of lie and cheat . Dance on tables or sit in the corner . Life is a divine chaos . Embrace it . Forgive yourself . Breathe . And enjoy the ride ... 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those that matter don't mind . 
Faith makes all things possible ... Love makes them easier 
Had a good day .. Had to act out the scene for < PROPMALE > in class and it didnt go so well =/ 
The road to successis not straight . There is a curve called failure . Loop called confusion . Speed bumps called friends . Red lights called enemies . Caution light called family . You will have flat tires called jobs . But if you have a spare called determination . An engine called preservance . A driver called God . You will make it to a place called success . 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED , 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK 
Happy Earth day everybody ! 
When I stand before God at the end of my life , I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left , and could say , \I used everything you gave me . " 
Can't even get out of the house because my whole neighborhood is flooded ... 
Once again .. no school due to the great flood of 2010 . 
Reading \Left Behind\ " by < PROPMALE > LaHaye and < PROPFIRST > B . Jenkins " 
\Importance of friendship is in the eyes of the beholder . \"" 
Algebra EOC tomorrow .... need to study a bit . 
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in . Aim at earth and you get neither . 
hoping that these final 10 days of school will fly by . 
If you belonged to the world , it's people would love you . But you don't belong to the world . I have chosen you to leave thew world behind . - < PROPFIRST > 15:19 
The farther backward you can look , the farther forward you can see . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Has everyone heard about the murder of a student at our graduation 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . 
wishing everybody will have a safe and awesome summer ! 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl 3yearsold , picked up by a man driving a grey car , licenseplate : Q72B381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it . 3 seconds will not kill you 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Rise and rise again until lambs turn into lions . 
Life is a play . Some will make a entrance and stay , while some just enter and leave . But each will have a part in the script . 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
Waiting in line to get my permit 
What's with the power outage ? 
If you saw me in a police car what would you think I got arrested for ? .. leave your answers below . 
Sitting at Vanderbilt again for my brother 
Just got back home from vandy . My brother is fine . 
1st . Latin I honors . \ 
2nd . Algebra II Adv . honors\ 
3rd . English II honors\ 
4th . Driver's ed . \ 
5th . Criminal Justice II\ 
6th . Physical Science honors\ 
7th . Geometry Adv . honors 
wonders why when I'm at home I wish I were in school , and when I'm in school I'm wishing I'm at home . 
Up at vandy once again 
Ugh ... so tired . I was up at vandy all night last night and didnt sleep much today . 
has finally found something Duct Tape can't fix . Oil spills xP 
The LORD confides in those who fear him ; he makes his covenant known to them . - Psalm 25:14 - NIV 
At cheddar's with the family 
Blonde gets in a crash . police : what happened ? Blonde : trees were every where i had to keep turning ! police : your air freshener is a tree ! 
At waffle house with the family 
Watching the Titans game 
“If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right , you'll probably never do much of anything . ” -Win Borden 
Faith is not believing God will meet your every want , but knowing God will supply your every need , even if you don't want it , or think you need it . 
It's just not the titan's day 
Reposted : Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little ...... differently 
\Your pleasure is my purpose . Pleasure to be at your service ... \"" 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . 
Came home early from school because of the storm . 
It is hard to fail , but it is worse never to have tried to succeed . 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . 
Game tonight ! 
District Champs !! 
Be your best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you\ 
Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense . \ 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy\ 
and love like crazy 
All the way to state ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
All The Way To State ! 
Finnegan's my boy lol ! 
C'MON Smyrna ! 
Change\ 
your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal is \ 
to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the \ 
fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
what's the point of coming to school if all you do is sit in each class and do nothing all day ? 
Can't Wait ! 
< PROPMALE > Fisher is out as Titans head coach 
Watching the Winter X Games 
Packers all the way ! 
Green and Yellow ! 
We closing 2 hours early 
Let me be the last person to say that there will be no school tomorrow . 
My fortune cookie said that I will soon find new adventure in my life . 
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly , what is essential is invisible to the eye . 
\Insanity - Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results\ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
I found myself looking into the mirror , knew I wasn't who I wanted to be . I was living life the way that I wanted , but my eyes reminded me I'm not free . 
Give me your eyes for just one second , give me your eyes so I can see everything that I keep missing , give me your love for humanity . Give me your arms for the broken hearted , the ones that are far beyond my reach . Give me your heart for the one's forgotten , give me your eyes so I can see . 
Man I wanna tell ya'll something . Man I'm not gonna let these material things , get in my way , ya'll . I'm trying to get somewhere . I'm trying to get somewhere that's real and pure and true and eternal . 
First rule , never let em change you\ 
Rule two , do you to the fullest\ 
And never be ashamed to\ 
Your just good at what they can’t do\ 
And they hate that , they wanna paint you\ 
In they color , put you on another\ 
But what they don’t accept , and what they don’t see\ 
The best thing is what you already be 
\Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
If I could write you a song , \ 
And make you fall in love , \ 
I would already have you up under my arm . \ 
I used up all my tricks , \ 
I hope that you like this . \ 
But you probably won't , \ 
You think you're cooler than me . 
So no matter what you been through , no matter what you into \ 
No matter what you see when you look outside your window \ 
Brown grass or green grass , picket fence or barbed wire \ 
Never ever put them down , you just lift your arms higher \ 
Raise ' em ' til your arms tired , let ' em know you here \ 
That you struggling , survivin ' , that you gon ' persevere 
I've thought for a long time that we were going to end up together , so I didn't really care so much about the when of it . Now , though , the long road is starting to seem like the infinite road 
Did anyone else get invited to be a member of the The National Society of High School Scholars ? 
“Few will have the greatness to bend history ; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events ; and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy 
