remember ! what goes around comes around ! 

i need a new car !!! 
im gonna turn this frown upside down and put my middle fingers up in the air !!!! 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked .. now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM ? 
Im so sick of seeing you stupid girls post shit about your lil boyfriends being your everything and never see you post shit about ya kids . Grow up we are not teenagers anymore ! 
I WANNA GO FISHIN !! :( 
It wont be like this for long ...... :) .... u see that ?? nosey !! 
Dying of double ear infections and working ... god help me ! 
for u fakes ... n u kno who u r ... dont lie bout nething cuz eventually the truth will come out stupid ... fuck cant i ever deal wit people who r real ??? 
oooook girls ... my sis and i are having a huuuuuuuuuuuuge garage sale tomorrow and sunday ... gonna start at 7 and @ 2400 bentley court .. off of creasy spring n take left on thames .... so if ur lookin for sum cute clothes u gotta come !! All brand names !! and Q's just ask ... 
love your enemies ; ) 
it sucks being pregnant n alone ... wtf did i do to deserve this ??? 
theres always that one family member that is ignorant as shit and will argue with you about anything and everything and they always think they are right ... n u want to strangle them .... but u cant !!! ahhhhhhhhhhh !!! 
real sad and pathetic when people you trust would steal a dollar from you .. when they could of just asked ... patheeeeeeeeetic looooser !! 
need 4 more ppl to help with my barn raising please 
i need sum more people to help with my barn raisin lol i kno i need a life !!!!!!!!!!! lol 
someone got a crib to sell lemme kno pleassssssse :) 
I will pay goood money for someone to do my homework !! lol any takers ??? Haha ! just kiddin .... i think :/ 
Anyone have a bouncer or swing they are getting rid of ? 
Anyone want a cat ? i have to get rid of mine :( shes named foxy and is black and has a sweet but crazy personality ... i have tons of stuff to give with her . She is litter box trained and likes kids ... pleaseeeeee help me ! 
All you guys/GIRLS talking shit on me and < PROPMALE > can suck my < PROPMALE > !!! And you know who you are !!!! hahahaha !!! 
Muahahaha !!!! I love my haters !! keep hatin !! :) 
I took family photos yesterday . Let me know if you wanna see ill send a link to you . :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! I miss and love ya !! :) 
Ha ha you left your < PROPFEMALE > Open .... Should never do that Lmfao I love you ... Love Shandell 
