just got done being pulled behind a fourwheeler on sleds with my brother ... i'm freezing , my hands hurt from holding on , and my body is sore from being thrown into the curb ... but it was so freaking fun . 

Happy 4th !!! 
Oh man . Incubus on Thursday ! Fray on Saturday ! Can't wait ! 
game day . 
hates being sick . AHHHHHHH 
is going to the Apple tonight for his last night of freedom before basketball . 
2012 ..... pretty cool . The night ..... AWESOME 
Your faith was strong , but you needed proof ... Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you ... and from your lips she < PROPFIRST > the Hallelujah . 
Can I be her Soldier please ? I'm fightin ' for this girl on the battlefield of love . Don't it look like baby Cupid's sending arrow from above ? 
Circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth . If my heart was a compass you'd be north ... Risk it all cause I'll catch you when you fall ... Wherever you go , If my heart was a house you'd be home 
Sunday Night , no school tomorrow . Life is good ! 
I love Thanksgiving . and GO UTES !!!! 
Anyways , the thing is , what I really mean to say , your's are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen 
stoked for the dance tonight . HECK YEAH 
I LOVE CHRISTMAS AND IT'S ALMOST HERE !!!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSS !!!! 
game tonight .... christmas vacation ... snow .... family coming to town .... man . Life is good . 
loves when poeple on Farm Town hire me to harvest their crops , then plow their fields , on two different farms , paying me over 50,000 coins . 
I don't know where my nephew learned it , but we were wrestling , and he all of a sudden head butted me right in the forehead ! He is completely fine but I have a < PROPMALE > headache . Man he is gonna be a stud . 
Everyday I see my dream , waking up next to a beautiful girl , step outside to say hello to my beautiful , my grandma's cookin breakfast , she makes pancakes the best , I check my myspace and I got a lot of friend requests , yessss 
Is this the start of it ? Has this become a part of it ?... Maybe we'll get it back somehow . 
Well , guess that's how things go . 
Wouldn't it be great to be a little kid again ? Like maybe 8 years old . Not have to worry about school , work , relationships , family issues , missions , etc . Your biggest worry is if your friend stole the toy truck you were playing with and how to get it back from him ... if only if only . 
I love sleeping in on Saturdays , and I love college football games , I love not acting my age and a good barbeque . I love a good loud honky-tonk that rocks on Friday night , and hell yes I love my truck ! But I want you to know , I love your love the most . 
Big game tonight ... GO TIGERS 
GO COLTS ! 2010 AFC CHAMPIONS 
\What can I do to help you ? \ " \ " Make the pain in my back go away . \ " \ " Honey I can't do that . \ " \ " Then what are you good for ! \ " hahahahaha " 
:) 
hmmmm i'm hungry . I'm think CAFE RIO 
I am definitely a fan of Cafe Rio . 
What do tigers dream of , when they take a little tiger snooze ? Do they dream of mauling zebras , or Halle < PROPFIRST > in her catwoman suit ? Don't you worry your pretty striped head , we're gonna get you back to < PROPMALE > and your cozy tiger bed . And then we're gonna find our bestfriend < PROPMALE > and then we're gonna give him a bestfriend hug . But if he's been murdered by < PROPFEMALE > meth tweekers , well then we're s-hit out of luck . 
What if < PROPMALE>'s dead ? I can't afford to lose somebody close to me again , it hurts too much . I was so upset when my grandpa died . How'd he die ? World War II . Died in battle ? No , he was skiing in Vermont , it was just during World War II 
is frustrated ! goodness . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I love posting something , whether it be a wall post or link or picture or comment , and then \liking it . \ " :) " 
LET'S GO COLTS !!!!! 
school tomorrow ... ugh . 
is SO excited to wake up at 5:30 tomorrow for a free Grand Slam . 
Well , I tried , but guess i'm not good enough ... guess that's how things go sometimes ! 
oooooooooooo . man . what a day . 
I see my dream son ! 
... and if a double-decker bus crashes into us , to die by your side what a heavenly way to die ! 
My room is the G spot ... call me Mr. Flintstone I can make your bedrock ! 
is completely confused ! 
ugh . I dunno what to do ! 
I see frustration upon your face , tired eyes , won't you just rest with me ? I'll make you complete again .... I see 2 roads ahead of you , one is wide , the other is narrow and long , and which is the one you'll choose ? What will define you ? 
Mission Papers in less than a month ......... OH MY HECK . 
LET'S GO USA HOCKEY !!!! 
USA 5 CANADA 3 ! FINAL ! GO USA !!!!! < PROPFIRST > MILLER IS A BRICK WALL ! WHAT A STUD . 
When life gets too hard to stand ... kneel 
\Trust is the glue of life . It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication . It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships together . \ " - < PROPFIRST > R . Covey " 
come up to meet you , tell you i'm sorry . You don't know how loverly you are .... Tell me your secrets and ask me your questions , oh let's go back to the start . No one said it was easy ... no one ever said it would be this hard . 
I don't wanna walk this earth if I gotta do it solo ... 
2012 TONIGHT ! Can't Wait . 
WHAM BAM THANK YOU MA'AM! 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
\Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it . We all control our attitude . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Swindoll " 
I have a date tonight at 9:30 with my couch , remote , and a Coke . Big game Utah vs . UNLV . GO UTES ! 
what to do , what to do . 
Time you enjoy wasting , was not wasted . - < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
Let the Madness begin ... 
I am the Patron Saint of lost causes . Are we all to you just near lost causes ? Are we all to you just lost ? 
MARCH MADNESS BABY !!!!!!! LET'S GO KANSAS ! ( and Kentucky and Kansas State and Baylor . ) 
so turns out i'm an idiot . WOW 
I CANNOT WAIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Man , it feels good to be a genuis . :) 
Those who get the most out of life are those who are not focused on getting at all , but rather focused on giving . 
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived ... this is to have succeeded . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
way excited for this weekend ! Boise baby !! 
Hurried home so I could see my mom because I missed her . What do I get in return ? An empty house with no note or anything ! Where could she be !? 
You can never be happy at the expense of the happiness of others 
There are times in life when you gotta crawl , lose your grip , trip and fall . When you can't < PROPFEMALE > on no one else , that's when you find yourself . I've been around and I've noticed that walkin's easy when the road is flat . The good Lord gave us mountains so we could learn how to climb . 
My choice early in life was either to be a piano-player in a whorehouse or a politician . And to tell the truth , there's hardly any difference . -- < PROPMALE > S . < PROPMALE > 
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up . -- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
My nephew , < PROPMALE > , broke his femur bone in half . He is going to Primary Children's in Salt Lake for surgery . I'm driving down there now . Please remember him in your prayers . 
\I'll tell you what . That guy is the south end of a north facing horse . \ " hahaha " 
If I had one wish , that wish would be clear , that I would not have to go , that I could stay here . And although it hurts me to leave you all alone , just know i'll come back to you ; for now I am gone . So keep me in your memory , don't let me fade out . Guess I was wrong i'm gone , gone , long gone . 
Christ , the Lord , is risen , and that's all that really matters . Regardless of trials , temptations , or struggles , do your best to be your best . 
You wait a couple months then you gon ' see , you ain't gonna find nobody better than me . How could you be so heartless ? So I got somethin new to see , you just gonna keep hatin ' me , and we just gonna be enemies . I know you can't believe I could just leave it wrong , and you can't make it right . I'm gon ' take off tonight ... 
It's a new < PROPFEMALE > , it's a new day , It's a new life for me ... and I'm Feelin ' Good !! 
Mistaking a boy for a girl = worst mistake ever . 
\Yo what up Cynthia ! \ " :\\ ... \ " Just < PROPFEMALE > on a minute Cynthia . \"" 
Started my mission papers !! 
new calling today .... are you ready for this ?...... 10 year old Primary Teacher . YES ! 
I'm so confused !!!! Why did Facebook change \Becoming a Fan\ " to \ " Liking \"?!!?" 
Why am I holding on ? Could it be because you were my first love ? Because you told me things I always dreamed of ? Or maybe how your hand fit perfectly in mine ? 
Reelect Obama . Because Socialism worked so well for the USSR . 
Rummage Romp baby !!! 
SO excited for my date tomorrow night . 
WHO AM I ? Post a comment of the ONE word that best describes me ! Then copy and paste this to your status to play along 
What a GREAT night ! 
I love my mom ! Happy Mother's Day ! 
\Nothing in life is so bad that complaining about it won't make it worse . \"" 
There is only one Barack Hussein Obama according to the U . S . Census and he has 27 Social Security < PROPFIRST > and over 80 aliases ..... and that's not all . If you want the rest of the information , give me your email and I'll send you it . WHO THE HECK IS HE !? 
WEIRDEST dream last night . AH ! Now i'm scared for my mission call . 
She won't ever get enough , once she gets a little touch , if I had it my way , you know that I'd make her say ... ooooooooooooo . :) 
\Any society that would give up a little < PROPFEMALE > to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Dance today ... tonight . WOOHOO ! Last one of high school .... how sad . 
I wish I was as talented on a Segway as < PROPFIRST > Blart . 
I was just taking a nap outside on my tramp .... I woke up to the sound of a < PROPFEMALE > buzzing .... I thought it was close to me so I freaked out ..... I smacked myself SO hard in the throat . OUCH 
I hate the feeling of panic I get when I drop my phone in the hot tub . :( 
As much as I hate it when I drop my phone in the hot tub , that's how much I LOVE rice . 
My new goal = eat healthier . 
I received my mission call ! I will be serving in the New Jersey Morristown mission and speaking Spanish ! 
< PROPFIRST > - \I can't keep myself from kissing her . \ " < PROPFIRST > - \ " Now you know how I feel sitting next to those M&M's all day . \ " < PROPFIRST > - \ " Why don't you just move the M&M's ? \ " < PROPFIRST > - \ " Why don't you just SHUT UP ! \"" 
done ...................... how should I feel ? hmmmm 
I want to be a billionaire so frickin bad ! 
I wanna live on Pandora and be an Avatar SO bad . 
“That which causes us trials will yield us triumph : and that which make our hearts ache will fill us with gladness . The only true happiness is to learn , to advance , and to improve : which could not happen unless we had experience with error , ignorance , and imperfection . We must pass through the darkness to reach the light . ” 
Well ... I graduate tonight .... I never thought I'd say this , but I don't want to ! Gonna miss dear old IF high . 
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE ! WOOHOO ! 
I'm puttin ' on my shades to cover up my eyes , I'm jumpin ' in my ride , I'm headin ' out tonight ... I'm feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm lovin ' cloud nine , my head's in the sky ... I'm ridin ' solo 
I hate not having a washing machine ! I have 2 weeks of laundry ... and my washing machine is broken and is getting fixed NEXT Saturday . UGH . 
Watching AVATAR !!!! :) 
Yeah , you just keep messing up , and I'll keep prayin ' for you ... 
bring on the sunshine , bring on a good time , girl let me look at you ... I know a spot down on the river underneath the sycamore tree , save all your kisses up , bring on your sweet love , pour it all over me !! 
USA ! USA ! USA ! BEAT ENGLAND !!!! 
Boise State to the Mountain West ... bring on the Broncos ! and GO UTES ! 
\It's not over while I'm still breathin'!\ " ..... \ " I was hoping you'd say that . \"" 
Possible pick up soccer game Tuesday night at Tautphaus , time TBA . Let me know if you are interested in playing ! 
Thinkin ' bout going to the < PROPFEMALE > today . Anyone wanna join ? 
What a goal by < PROPMALE > Forlan ! 
Summer days just sittin ' around but when the sun goes down , I'll be ready to party . Ain't nothin ' like them summer nights . Keep the top on drop , all the girls lookin ' hot ... party until the mornin ' light ! 
Happy Father's Day to my dad ! You're the best ! 
Can't wait til Saturday ! 
What's the difference between BYU fans and a litter of puppies ? \ 
Eventually , the litter of puppies grows up and stops whining ... 
\There \ 
I don't think I should go on an airplane anytime soon ... first my sister gets stranded in Long Beach ... then my parents get stranded in Chicago .... my family is cursed ! 
Those who won our independence believed < PROPFEMALE > to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of < PROPFEMALE > . 
He's striving and driving and hugging the turns , and thinking of someone for whom he still burns . Cause he's going the distance ... 
Man ! Now I can say that I am going on my mission next month .... weird . 
\Cuz we don't believe that they're gonna get away from the summer ... but you and I will never die . The world's still spinning around we don't know why ... \"" 
Great day at the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > Gardner and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murri 
I wish I was better at < PROPFIRST > Kart on the wii . I can't figure out the freaking steering wheel thing ! 
Great day today . Slept in , watched World Cup Soccer , went to the Apple and played some pool ball , grilled some burgers for dinner , dom'd at < PROPFIRST > Kart , got a couple Sno Cones , and played Apples to Apples . Now I'm listening to the storm . Love it . 
just about 6 weeks ... holy crap . 
The average person spends 20,000 minutes kissing ... that is about 333 hours .... and almost 14 days . Holy crap ! 
I plan on living forever . So far , so good . 
GREAT night :) 
I wanna show all of my haters love ... so I wave to you like good morning ha-ha-haters . :) 
36 days ... 
off to the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blue Angels on Saturday ... can't wait ! 
Love hurts , and sometimes it's a good hurt , and it feels like I'm alive ... Love sings when it transcends the bad things , have a heart and try me , cuz without love I won't survive . 
The burglar/fire alarm went off at my house in the middle of the night ... scared me to death ! 
SO stoked for the Blue Angels air show tomorrow ! 
Blue Angels air show = freakin ' awesome . I wanna fly a fighter jet ! 
I am in for a LOT of traveling the next few weeks . Thursday ... 2 and a half hour drive to Lagoon then 1 more hour to Herriman . Friday drive back to Idaho Falls about 3 and a half hours . Saturday drive to < PROPFIRST > about 2 hours . Sunday-Tuesday 35 hour drive to Jacksonville , Florida . I'm gonna be so sick of traveling ! 
Mission shopping today ... what a relief to have that done . But I still gotta get suits dang it . 
25 days ......... 
Headin to Florida tonight 
On the road again ... I just can't wait to get on the road again ! 
State number 5 ... Oklahoma ! 
Its a great day to be alive I know the sun still shinin when I close my eyes theres some hard time in the neighborhood but why cant every day be just this good ! 
Only 6 < PROPMALE > in over two hours ... I hate car accidents . 
Drunk people at restaurants at midnight are hilarious . 
You don't gotta change . If perfect's what your lookin for , you can just stay the same . 
I hate airports ... 
I love my family :) 
freakin out for Sunday ... 
I am so nervous .... today is the day . AH !!!!!!!!! 
What a day ! It was good but I'm so relieved it's over . haha 
Wow ... its my birthday and I didn't even remember until I woke up to a bunch of Happy Birthday texts . I MUST be getting old ! 
Thank ya'll for the birthday wishes ! I wish I had time to thank all of you individually ! 
One week .... Man how time flies . 
I never realized how depressing it would be to erase my entire Ipod ! 
If ya'll want my emails while I'm gone for the next 2 years I need your email address . My mom will forward all of my emails to the addresses I give her , so if you want them , text me your email or comment on here or message me . 
Just said goodbye to my nephews and niece . Didn't think it would be so hard ! 
Last Sunday in IF 
God be with you till we meet again ... 
Hey friends- Devan asked me to keep updates on here while he's gone . He just sent an email home and would like people to write him . His email is devan_munk@myldsmail.net . He can only email family but he would love to hear from all of you ! 
Hello friends ! Devan flew out to Jersey yesterday ! His mission home address is Elder Devan Munk\ 
NJ Morrsitown Mission\ 
1719 Route 10 Ste 309\ 
Parsippany , NJ 07054 . \ 
He would LOVE to hear from you ! 
Devan's new address :\ 
Elder Devan Munk\ 
202 Hallock Ave\ 
Middlesex , NJ\ 
08846 
Hey everyone ! Elder Munk is doing awesome and was able to perform his first baptism on Saturday . I'm posting some pics for you ... 
