ate a grilled chesse sandwich and pizza the day after getting his wisdom teeth pulled 

is home for the weekend !! 
back to the grind 
statics and biochem test today , org psych and MATLAB tomorrow ... I like tomorrow a lot better 
finallly , I'm done and here comes the weekend 
Slept until 9:00 today because rowing was cancelled !! 
is wondering what this weekend will end up being 
is wondering why he can paddle so hard and yet not get amywhere ... 
is wondering when the roller coaster of life goes back up 
What am I going to do this weekend ???????? 
statics sucks !!!!!!!!! 
got sick , went to a haunted house , and is still supposed to row 20,000 meters this weekend .... 
The Looking Glass Wars is awesome !!! 
I should probably do my term papers this weekend , I wish I had something better to do .... 
Concordia University Wisconsin just got their butts kicked in tonight's hockey game 9 to 1 , OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That movie , The Fourth Kind is soooo creepy .... such a weird movie . 
can't believe I overslept practice 
Can't believe my bad luck lately 
only one final left .... The dreaded BIOCHEM 
finally home 
have a happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
going back to MSOE today 
finished my 70,000 meters for the duathalon !!! Now only 21 more < PROPMALE > of running ... yay 
happy late christmas to everyone and a happy new year 
is wondering what life is all about 
I hate formal labs 
life is such a blur sometimes 
first 2K of the year tomorrow .... don't whether to be excited or be bummed that I'll have to push myself that hard in the morning . Wow I sound lazy ! 
what a great night ! 
I'm going to Texas tomorrow !!! 
kicked butt in the pool today and learned how to skull and shutter island was a big mind bender 
Back to the tundra of Wisconsin tomorrow grrrr ! Texas sure was great 
Just for the hell of it , what number do you think I am ? 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass 
is going home this weekend 
I hate GEOMETRY !!! 
just got back to Milwaukee 
I finally got my damn program working for EE2920 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dad Vails was exciting and now that I'm back at MSOE , I'm faced with the\ 
realization that there is a ton of work that needs to get done in a \ 
short time and then finals will come followed by a very well deserved \ 
summer break , but until then , work , work , work . 
I beat god of war 3 !! 
Cannot believe some people 
power outages , construction , disgruntled patrons , surprising coincidences ?, new novels , school , and a summer full of twists and turns , ups and downs 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone 
first week of p90x done !! 
is feeling so good right now 
thank you Cornish brothers for fixing my computer . I hate viruses !! 
finally packing up my stuff for school and leaving tomorrow ! Yikes 
got less than 4 hours of sleep because it was so < PROPFEMALE > in my room last night and worked out so hard that puked at practice !! 
I love my Wednesdays !!! One class at 4 and that's it !!! 
just got my hands on my new labtop ! 
had a dragonfly in his salad 
going home for the weekend and knowing I probably won't be going back for quite a while . 
just slept all morning 
played badmitton 
awesome seat races this morning ! 
went swimming this morning and a taste of Milwaukee that not many get to have !! Oh , and I wouldn't be surprised if I turned into a mutant ! 
had the most nostalgic discussion of all the old cartoons and TV shows that I grew up with . It was awesome !! 
where did my weekend go ?? 
Raced the masters this morning ! 
what a night 
I think my head exploded today ! 
Going Home ! 
Almost puked after the first 2k of the year , but I did get to see < PROPFIRST > Cerny do it ! All because Zach Parsons convinced me to do a 2k instead of a 10k . I wonder if the 10k would have been nicer . 
I'm tired ! 
I just made it through another quarter of MSOE 
TEXAS !!!! 
Broke the ice today !!!!! 
Rescued a launch this morning 
