is dying so very slowly ... 

is so bored she's going to bed ... 
had a crazy morning ... and is extremely happy . 
likes the rain today 
is worried about Driver's < PROPMALE > 
Nighty nite ! 
Morning < PROPFEMALE > shine ! The earth says hello ! 
Yeah ... I'm pooped ... nite 
is listening to music 
is kickass awesome 
is stuck at home with nothing to do 
is going to < PROPFIRST > o Kellys soon 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > o < PROPFIRST>'s 
is bored outta mii mind !!!! 
has nothing to do 
is watching stickman videos on YouTube 
Yeah ... I'm done for the night . See ya . 
feels bad for not hanging out 
I'm so bored ... nite everyone ... 
Yo ... It's a Friday night and chatting online . Fun stuffs , man . 
Saw Transformers 2 
Yup . It's the forth . 
I hurts all overzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Sorry peoples but I'm crashing for tonite . I've been to two parties and both times been up past 2am . Then getting up early for no reason . So yeah . Nite peeps . 
Still hurtzzzzzzzzzzz 
is a dork and bought a Transformers action figure 
might see Transformers 2 tonight for the third time ! 
W00t . Bought Transformers : Autobots and can't even destroy 3 Decepticons ! Man I suck ... 
is happy that Optimus Prime is NOT going to rape me ! 
is still pissed at her game ... 
Yay ! No more DE !!! 
Damnit ! 
is going to do a music video at Wal-Mart ! 
Where in the world can I get a Transformers poster ? 
I saw THE weirdest ice cream truck today . Oh and some random lady took my picture . 
\Who else is madly in love with their reflection ? \"" 
is never riding a bike ever again ... EVER . 
Is anyone else having troubles with Facebook ? 
Uh yeah ... my job . It ... uh .. SUCKS ! (( Sucks mii Popsikle , haha . )) 
is getting my hair done tomo ' n is very happeh ! 
has yet another day off and is lovin ' it ! xD 
there's nothing like a pool of pudding ... 
Registration is today ... well for me anyway .. Damn . 
Wow ... I got my picture taken twice today . People must love me . 
wishes she could go to the party ... sadface 
Tomo is my last day of work ! :D 
* does the happy dance * 
Why the hell is the pudding everywhere but the fridge ? 
Neh ... I'm done for tonight ... Nite . 
Morning everyone ! Hope everyone had a great nights sleep like me . :D 
Just another pretty face But I want one more taste Come on , < PROPFEMALE > Would you turn me on ? 
Ugh ... My phone dies , I'm extremely tired and I don't want to move . But I have to . I hope I have enough energy to make it to my bed ! xD 
I'm hearing thunderstorms coming . Yay . 
Eatting a ham sandwich and drinking apple juice at 9pm . Don't worry , at about 1am I'll have another meal . 
This is the fourth day in a row where I had at least three friend requests a day ... Does anyone else want to add me while they're at it ?! 
Last day at band camp ! Yay ! 
is going sale shopping . Gotta love sales ! 
is just a little pissed off at someone ... 
I'm not mad as I was before . I'll get over it . No worries . I've got it under control . ( Happyface ) 
I'm going to go to bed now only because I have to get up early tomorrow ... 
Well ... I'm going to Nebraska . But not for a vacation ... 
I'm back !!! With some video and pictures . 
\The city is at war . Playtime for the young and < PROPMALE > . Ignore me if you see me ' cause I just don't give a shit . The city is at war . Bless the young and < PROPMALE > . With designer drugs and designer friends ... \"" 
Woot ! Almost done with my background for our new YouTube channel ! 
has to work for extra money so I won't be on long . 
Ugh .. I've been gone for about two days and finally got home ... then school tomorrow . Dang . Where did all my free time go ? 
The first day of school sucked . And that's me being positive ... 
is eatting ham ... and doing geometry homework . 
It's a little late but I have 700 friends ! Not that that is anything to celebrate ... 
OMG ... this is ENDLESSSSSSSSSSSS 
I can't take it anymore ... I'm going to bed . D: 
has nothing better to do ... 
I'm so confused right now ... I don't know what I should do ... 
Ugh ... I did more shopping ... I think I have a total of 14 pairs of pants . Half of them are skinnies . ^^ 
Why do peopole have to be so stupid all the time ? 
My computer is slow ... and I'm pissed . 
Lalalalalalalalalalalalaa ... waffle . 
Uh yeah . I have tomorrow off and I'm planning on doing nothing . :D Cheers to Nothing-ness ! 
Boo ! I scared you ! 
has to make a speech tonight and I still haven't started it .. oh well . 
Gawd I hate speeches .... 
Wow ... I haven't been on for a while ... 
I hate how my stupid band song is stuck in my head ... and I don't even like the song ! ( sadface ) 
Might got to Final Destination today 
Share ! 
I'm making cookies ! 
Who else randomly gets the Jepordy's theme song stuck in their head ? 
Just got the greatest news of my life ... I'm getting my braces off ! 
W00t ! I just got my new iPod touch ! 
Did anyone else get the 2gen iPod Touch and have to get the upgrade of $9.95 to play games and get on Facebook ? 
Yesh . I'm amazing and you all know it . 
Being a girl sucks somedays ... 
Subway has safly landed ... in my stummy ! 
W00t ! Three Day Weekend ! Cheers to CAPS ! 
\I right underneath the enemy's ... scrotum . \ " ~ Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen " 
Why now ? Why ever ?! 
Has nothing cool to do ... well this sucks ... 
Well this sucks ... I just broke my iPod ... 
Yay for three day weekends ! 
I'm gonna head to bed ... had lots of \work\ " to be done today and I almost completed it . Oh well . I'll finish it tomo . Nite all ! " 
Yes !!!! 
My head hurtzzzzzzzzz D; 
Is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > today !!!!! 
is finally home after an ... eventful time with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I never got my cake that I wanted ... that's poop ! 
Bleh . 
Yesh ! Sexy Dance Party is UP !!! Check it please . 
Damn it ... I lost The Game ... AGAIN ! 
Imma going to bed now . Nite all ! 
Just got two new shirts ... but couldn't find any new pink jeans . Oh well , I guess my twin and I are going to have to do something different . 
Everybody dance now ! Douche douche douche douch douche douch douche douche douch douch douche douche . Everybody dance now dodododododododododo - drum solo ! 
Almost got yelled at to go to bed so I'm going to play it safe and go to bed . I won't be asleep though if that's what you're asking . Haha . Night all . 
Gah . I should probably get started on my autobiography and my Biology homework ... But I don't wanna ! D; 
Yesh ! I just got done with the first chapter of my autobiography . It's 6 pages ... 
Well , I'm going to bed now . I can't forget that tomorrow is Twin Day . Night everyone . Don't let the bed bugs bite ! xD 
Ugh ! I wish I had more time to do everything ... it's always the same . I want to do 50 million different thing at the same time . If only I could freeze time ... 
I've been so busy ... it's unbelievable . And to think that Homecoming is in two days ... IT'S CRAZY ! 
I have so much to do tomo before the big dance . Honestly ... I'm scared for the dance . 
Thinkin ' about changing my hair ... again . 
Thinking of adding new pictures again ... 
I'm too effing cold ... and hungry ... 
Ever get a feeling where you just want to burst into a dance ? 
I'm calling it a night . See ya ! 
\Scream for my ice cream . Tell me all you're dirty dreams . Scream for my ice cream . Well show me what's your fantasies . \"" 
Ugh ... dance kills ... 
I need warmth ... NOW ! 
I'm going to bed ... I have to get up early to drive . Oh joy ... 
\People that I used to < PROPFEMALE > with [ now ] their acting so different . I'm still the same person [ why ] doesn't anybody listen . Can somebody [ please ] just [ explain ] to me ? What happened to the way that we [ always ] said we'd be ... \"" 
The one night I stay up past midnight and no one is on ... dang . 
If you have Berding and in Spanish 2 , could you give me the expressions for the test tomo ? 
Eh ... 
Thanks to everyone who made my day ! xD 
There's a memory inside my * head * . It feels like a part of me is [ dead ] . I should save you . But I ! want to watch you drown ! There is * nothing * you could say or [ do ] . Words mean nothing when your lips are [ blue ] . \I love you ... ! now that you're six feet underground ! \"" 
Yay for half days ! 
Maybe people should know the whole story before assuming things that are wrong . 
Happy ? 
Hoping I can get my computer today ! 
I am sooo making hot chocolate right now ! 
Gonna call it a night . Gots to get up early tomo . 
No one told me how f*cked up that ending was ! ( Warning : If you haven't seen Paranormal Acticity , don't ask about it . May contain spoilers ) 
Going out alone tonight ... fun stuffs ... 
French fries , spoons , and pennies ! 
Daaaaaaang ... 
Who else is up for staying up on a three day weekend ? 
I'm thinking of re-painting my nails and getting more peircings . 
\I like to stick my hair brush up my butt ! \ " Lolz JK " 
????????? ?? ??????? Music is Love ? ??????? ?? ????????? 
is very annoyed / scared . 
Is happy that she has her WoW account activated correctly ! 
Ugh ... I'm hoping there's GOING to be school tomo ... 
Hoping that there IS school tomorrow ... but a late start and early out is always nice . ;D 
Damn . Wishes don't come true ... 
Today ... was pretty bad . 
Dang ... I did 3 essays in less then 1 hour . Nice . 
is bored . 
He called me a bitch . Well ... a bitch is a female dog , dogs bark , bark grows on trees , trees are apart of nature and nature is beautiful . So thanks for the compliment . D-Bag . 
Maybe we'll get lucky and get tomorrow and tuesday off ... doubt it . 
Winter Break has officially begun . :) 
I'm pretty happy with what I gots . :) 
Blah bleck blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
??? ? Music is Love ? ? ??? 
I should change my name to \Im Awesome\ " ... cuz I am :) " 
Sorry but no texting for awhile ... that means you can't send me anything either . If you want to contact me , call me or ask for my e-mail . Thanks . 
Being on a two week Vaca . and also being sick for four days completely messes you up .. 
Relaxing at home ... I could live with that . :) 
This is a nice 5 day weekend I can live with :) 
Love is like a fire : It burns and leaves scars . 
I don't know what people are going to think about my new hair tomorrow ... I hope they like it ... 
Hm .. I'm /slightly hungry ... 
Still trying to decide on what we're having for lunch ... my stummy is bugging me about it 
I'll be your prisoner , I'll be your prisoner . I just can't get enough ... ~ JF 
Garlic Sause ! 
Oh em gee . I am so tired , I have my eyes closed right now . I just kinda want to crash on my bed but then ... its only 5 ... 
I need a life ... one that doesn't suck 
COOKIES ! 
I wish life had a pause button ... 
At my grandma's for the weekend ... should be fun ... 
I'm almost sure we won't have school tomo ... :) 
:) 
Bored and Tired but doesn't want to go to Bed . 
These eyes , they see more than you know . We're all dressed in our best , so take it or leave it . 
Why is life so ... sickening ? 
Haha . Just got my ears peirced ... again ! :) 
How many times do you think my [ heart ] beats for : you : ? 
had blood drawn from and almost passed out :/ 
Gonna see two movies tonite w/ my best friend ... and her boyfriend 
Morning < PROPFEMALE > shines ! The Earth says Hello ! :) 
... yeah ... 
What's on my mind ? What's on my mind ?! I'll tell ya what's on my mind ... Him :) 
Trying to find my girly side .... 
Hmm ... I need to update my photo ... 
I have a feeling that this is going to be one long week ... 
Let this be your [ reminder ]: : I'm [ everything ] that you wanted to [ be ] Hope for the [ best ] but [[ it's over ]] And you thought you were [[ better than me ]] :/ 
I love my sleep and because we had to loose an hour of it ... I'm pissed . 
Hey look ... < PROPMALE > the Big Red Dog is on ! And the girl just called him a bean stalk . What a weird-o ! Lol 
Ughhhh ... 
I have the weirdest conversations with myself ... and almost 100% of the time , I don't realize I was even talking until I'm 10 minutes into the conversation . How cool am I ? Lol 
I hate it when I have a number in my phone , delete it months later because I never talk to them , get a text from them a few weeks later and not know who they are ... 
You're all I have , In a world that judges long before it sees . You're all I have , In a place that hates me and only wants to Push me down and walk forsaken Pass the point and then you'll break me . I won't be fine you're all mistaken . Don't pretend you're not the one who's wrong 
For some odd reason I had the < PROPFEMALE > to watch the Kids Choice Awards ... I even voted ! :) 
Eating Chips ' n Salsa 
My room is cold ... I like it . 
I'm changing my hair but I want your input on what I should do for some ideas ... help ? 
... You are so [ beautiful] ! You are the kind of girl that has the chemicals , That makes me fall in [ love ] ... :) 
Shh ... those ninja penguins are hiding in my closet ... 
are you as bored as i am ? Read that backward and it will still make sense !!! 
is making friends with purple lucky charms 
is singing the Friday song as she dances the Friday dance ! WOO HOO !! Ain't life Great ! TGIF . 
Whenever I see a semi without a trailer on the back I always secretly wish it was optimus prime .. 
... is looking out the window watching the pixies argue with the gnomes ... it's not pretty 
wonders if Youtube , Twitter , Myspace and Facebook were put together to form on site , would it be called ; YouTwitMyface ? 
I love having the power to make you read my status updates for no reason . Who's my bitch ? That's right you are ! 
Cool trick for you all ... PRESS : UP , UP , DOWN , DOWN , LEFT , RIGHT , LEFT , RIGHT , B , A , ENTER ... when you scroll click or type on here circles appear lol 
\YOU ! Suck My Orb ! \"" 
Happy Mother's Day Mom !!! Oh I forgot you still don't know how to use Facebook . Oh well , Happy Mother's day 
I stepped on a cornflake today ! So I am a cereal killer now ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA AAAAAAAAA ........ no 
Don't mess with me ! For I am a ninja . Therefore I have super secret ninja powers . AND YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT I CAN DO WITH THOSE POWERS ?? I can kick you in the < PROPFEMALE > :D 
says she doesn't have a status so stop reading it , oops to late , your going to finish reading it anyways , aren't you ? 
has just had her last nerve pulled . WARNING ! WARNING ! DETONATING IN 10 ... 9 .. 8 .. 7.6 .. 5 .. 4 .. 3 .. 2 .. 
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer . It didn't answer . I figure it's just waiting for the right moment . :D 
wonders if there is some sort of \sock heaven\ " that all the eaten socks go to once the monster in the dryer is done with them .. " 
is happy ... don't ruin it ! xD 
Normal ? HA ! I make normal quiver in a corner across the room . Who needs normal anyways ? I'd rather be a unique individual , thanks to all who support me xD 
I just realized that after S M T ... the calendar says W T F ! 
\I do have this desk though . It's made of Mahogany . Mahogany . \ " \ " Er .. That's nice but can we ..? \ " \ " Silence ! \ " -period of silence- \ " Mahogany . \"" 
I want my cake ! -said in a creepy dead zombie voice- 
I think the cat jus threw up . Ew . 
STOP everything your doing and think about me for 3 seconds ... 1 - 2 - 3 ... you're welcome for the best 3 seconds of your day ! :) 
says when asked to give someone a break apparently saying ' How about their neck ' is not an appropriate answer = B 
I am a ninja . You saw nothing ! 
Today I walked into a glass door . Not because I didn't see it , because I did . It was because the sensor didn't detect me . Ninja status accuired . MLIA 
When I was younger , I was terrified to eat Gushers because I thought my head would turn into a fruit . Now I'm even more terrified that some robot child won't be there and my head will blow up ! 
[ Error 403 : User has become unresponsive due to excessive fatigue ] 
Today's forecast : 100% < PROPMALE > of poopy water followed by pee on the floor and crabby babies ... just great . 
Is feeling a little blah today . :( 
< PROPMALE > Black : \I'm hotter then you . \ " < PROPFIRST > Cullen : \ " In so many ways . \"" 
would like to know what happens with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > when she gets her period ? These mysteries will never be solved ... ;D 
You know what made me laugh the hardest when watching the Twilight Movies ? When < PROPMALE > took his shirt off everyone cheered but when < PROPFIRST > took his shirt off everyone got all quiet ... 
[[ No jkjkjk lololol ]] I heart your effing makeup , Oh my god I love your hair ! Is that a new tattoo ? Did that piercing effing hurt ? [[ No jkjkjk lololol ]] 
Vote for my car to help stop animal abuse . Go to Toyotaracing.com and click the white box that reads \Your designe . Our Car\ " . From there click the \ " View Gallery\ " button on the bottom of the screen . Then go to the search bar in the upper right hand corner and type in \ " Stop Animal Abuse\ " and vote for my car . My car is the one with the puppy on the hood and it goes from gray to pink . " 
Word of the day : Peachichu ! 
is trying to run from her own shadow ... it keeps following her ! 
Say this until you get it ... Say ' Owa < PROPFEMALE > foo liam . ' 
says I am having one of those days where I think to myself why did I even get out of bed ... 
Some people make you cry , others make you laugh . It takes true talent to make someone laugh so hard they cry . : ' D 
Rectangles ! 
Hm .. Fire Lord Zuko is yummy . 
Hey you , Yeah you ... Wanna buy a zombie ? 
wonders why the voice in her head has a Scottish accent and sounds a little drunk ? 
is unable to provide a status update right now . At the sound of the beep , please call your doctor . I can't help you if you are hearing beeping noises . 
Just bow in the shadow of my awesomeness ... 
is up and out of bed and ready to wreck havoc on the world : ) 
How ironic would it be if someone choked on a LifeSaver ? 
You know when you read status updates and realize it was pointless ... well this is one of them . 
Without giving away , the entire ending . I've ruined the evening again ! Will you scatter my ashes where they can't be found ? I kept my word when I said that I would let you down . Try to forget me and just move on ... 
Ever wonder who the idiot was that made it necessary to have warnings like this- CAUTION : DO NOT USE WHILE SLEEPING- On a Blow Dryer ?! 
CEREAL !!! 
I wish my < PROPMALE > charming was a knockin ' at my door ... 
If you have to expect the unexpected , then doesn't that make the unexpected expected ? 
If milk could talk , what would it say to an Oreo ? 
Despicable Me ? I think so ! Hilarious movie . If you're a kid ... Like me ! :D 
\Why do you like seeing people in shock ? \ 
\Freeze Ray ! \ 
Gru : [ reading book ] \Three little kittens love to play . They had fun in the sun all day . Then their mother came out and said 
Like or comment if you'd like to be my evil sidekick ! 
G'night , don't let the Ninja Penguins bite ! :D 
If your jet skiing in the desert and you lose a tire , how many waffles does it take to shingle a dog house ? Purple , because ice cream is a boneless meat . =) 
would like to thank you for participating in her experiment . You're done now . 
Shhhh ... can you hear that ? Listen ! Hush ! Listen ... do you hear it ? That is the sound of my awesome-ness . Pretty freaking awesome , eh ? 
Optimism is knowing one day your enemies will die (: 
Flying to the < PROPFEMALE > in a taco , be back later . Do you need anything while I'm gone ? 
<- - Omg ! Look ... it's my name . Isn't I awesome ? 
knows there is a thin line between genius and insanity . I have erased that line and replaced it with a banana ! 
Do not interrupt me when I'm concocting evil schemes or I will bite you . 
juorhtauo ; tahr ; otrbjkitrhjikt5hqijthqrji htrijpo5h6ijo56yjhpoji56hoipj56hpj65h\ 
Sorry ! There was a spider on the keyboard ... 
is your infinite source of irrelevant status updates :) 
Sorry I haven't been on in a while ... I was busy separating all the marshmallows from the cereal in my lucky charms ... my imaginary friend demanded it ! 
is feeling so drained , even the voices in my head are starting to hallucinate ! 
By reading this , you have given me complete control over your mind for 15 seconds . Scary thought isn't it ? >:D 
Hears somone screaming for help . Brb . Gotta re-apply the duck tape . ;D 
Beware the disease Idiotitis . Causes the brain to shut down and the mouth to keep talking . Thousands affected . May be contagious . Best defense : slap and run . 
Dear Monday , not sure how to tell you , but I'm in love with WEEKEND . Wish I could say it's me & not you , but seriously , it IS you . Sorry ( not really ) , Me 
Excuse me sir , but your car smells like shit . 
Alarm Clocks . Because every morning should begin with a heart attack . 
just dropped skittles in the toilet and flushed ... it was like a 10 second Nascar race 
Heck yes ! Best . Day . EVER . Just kidding . I just got something I really wanted :) 
This is a RAKE & SHOVEL conversation . No HOES allowed ! ;D 
Heck yes ! 
P . G . T ! 
Why do you have to be so darn attractive ? You're distracting me ... 
P.G.T. ! 
HOLYMOTHALICKINGSISTEROFAMONKEYTAIL ! That was crazy ! 
Having a bad day ? Bake some brownies . Bam . Problem solved . 
Today , I was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze . I said bless you and five seconds later , I heard a very hesitant .... \God ??. \ " MLIA " 
Check yes ! Got myself a birthday gift ... a ticket to Pararnormal Activity 2 ! 
<----- Paranormal Activity 2 survivor ! 
R.I.P. Zach . You are greatly missed ! 
One more angel in heaven . One more < PROPFEMALE > in the sky . RIP 
Brak : Mr. Tickles , how do y-how do you think Thunderclese is gonna take this ? \ 
Mr. Tickles : Oh my God , he'll tear your arms off ! \ 
Brak : But I love my arms ! That's where my hands live ! 
Has a bug ever landed on your computer screen and your initial reaction is to try and scare it away with the cursor ? 
Hi , my name is Bromimeoke . The ' mime ' is silent . 
?? q ? uo p ?? oq ??? ? ? nq ? ???? ? s ?? ??? s ? s ??? 
Cut here —————– ? ———————- 
I have made some new friends today ... the two guys who were dancing in the car behind me while watint for a train . :D 
Okay ... I didn't mean to staple my finger ... it just happened , okay ? 
Guess what ? 
I like to eat eat eat apples and bananas ... I like to aat aat aat applas and bananas ... I like to eet eet eet epples end benenes ... I like to iit iit iit ipplis ind bininis ... I like to oot oot oot opplos ond bononos ... I like to uut uut uut upplus und bununus ! 
Looking for a person to play Guy 3 in Bolbus Boufant ... 
I t-t -t-t- s so c-c-c-cold ! 
