thanks every1 =D 

< PROPMALE > potter was amazing i liked it =D 
i lost the game ... 
death ... by video games =P 
10 little indian boys went out to dine , one choked himself out and then there were 9 ... 
3 littlen indian boys went to the zoo , a bear hugged one and then there were 2 
had someone lock my phone in a locker at work with nothing in there but my phone .... really 
any1 got good community service project or < PROPFEMALE > ideas lay ' em on me =P 
just saw one of the funniest movies ... well a really good movie lol ( zombieland ) highly recommend =D 
is excited just got an invitation to join the national youth leadership forum on medicine this summer !!!! =D 
just found out that he has to turn his tuition in by Nov . 24 
wishes people would pay more attention to guidelines before sending out invitations 
is lucky enough to have so many people to pick him up when he falls down and helps him find the open window 
just got off work but had quite a bit of fun 
was fanticly serching for his binder ... then he slowly relized its sitting under my labtop 
But it wasn't a rock it was a .... 
so first a flat tire then my car gets broken into and then today got pulled over and got a ticket and a warning ... anything else on the way , but somthing to look forward too 3d avatar at 11:05 2moro and 2d at 10:35 cant w8 
is super happy with his giant jawbreaker thanx < PROPFIRST > Trattner the cookie was bomb too thanx < PROPFEMALE > Hibler 
just saw < PROPMALE > & the chickmunks 2 have to say it was quite amusing 
found out that after roughly a 14 hour day he forgot to clock in Who's smart ... I AM !! -_- lol 
really ... i mean come on really wtf 
What do tigers dream of , when they take a little tiger snooze ? Do they dream of mauling zebras , or Halle < PROPFIRST > in her catwoman suit ? Don't you worry your pretty stripped head we're gonna get you back to < PROPMALE > and your cozy tiger bed . And they we're gonna find our bestfriend < PROPMALE > and then we're gonna give him a best friend hug . But if he's been murdered by < PROPFEMALE > meth tweekers , well then we're shit out of luck . 
? poq ????? o11 ? 
lol thanx every1 ill b sure to tell ya what my job is thursday =P 
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness . < PROPMALE > Billings 
Be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . ~ Plato 
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus . ~ Mark Twain 
Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate . ~ Margaret Cho 
A ninja stole my wallet today . They don't know that I am a ninja too . Because it was their wallet anyway . 
Want the secret to getting < PROPMALE > quick ? Just send me $29.99 . 
Happiness lies for those who cry , those who hurt , those who have searched , for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives . 
Dream as though you'll live forever ... Live as though you'll die today ... 
After seeing those Swiffer commercials , I'm afraid to put my old mop out in the garage with the hoe ... no tellin ' what I'll walk in on ! 
wonders if anyone else has noticed that FaceBook is the only place it is socially acceptable to write on walls 
DRUGS ... Responsible for teaching Americans the metric system 
KICK-ASS WAS BAD-ASS !!!!! 
Is playing hide n seek with the voices in my head , I'm under the stairs they will never find me ha . WAIT ! I DON'T HAVE STAIRS , CRAP ! WHERE AM I ?!? 
is real happy with ctr + w quite amusing go ahead try it you know you want to ... :) 
I'm going to Run through the store and jump on random peoples carts singing I KNOW A SONG THAT GETS ON EVERYBODY NERVES !! 
roll , roll , roll your joint twist it at the end , take a haul say fuck it all , and smoke it till the end :) 
press ALT + F4 to open Color Editor in Facebook if you already know then b done with it =P 
Who in the world put a morning person in charge of the school schedule ? =P 
Quick ! Describe me in one word and one word only ! Go ! 
will always remember that amateurs built the ark professionals built the titanic .. think about it .. never doubt what God asks to do ... 
Shhh ! I'm trying to hear the secret the toaster is telling me about the peanut butter and jelly ! I heard it was serious ! 
Honestly , you don't want to know what I'm thinking . =) 
If you could read my mind you'd go crazy 
TOOK THE TIME TO SOLVE A RUBIX CUBE FOR THE FIRST TIME AND WON MUHAHAHA 
If you always do what you've always done , then you'll always get what you've always gotten . 
Red Pyramid comes out on the 4th =D < PROPFEMALE > excited 
So you do it like a spider ? 
Had a tornado touch down in the neighborhood today .... pretty awesome 
Beware of the drillosaurus :P 
LOL the guy that made the flush-able toilet was named < PROPFIRST > Crapper =P 
Beware of elves giving wedgies 
So ... Avatar is Pocahontas with blue people guess after 15 years we would forget ... we did 
likes it when < PROPFIRST > Smith talks in the 3rd person 
Such a productive night ... i guess you could call it that ;) 
< PROPFIRST > Trattner tag your it no tag backs :) 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Saw a Alabama shirt and started singing the 50 nifty united states o.O 
Yea i saw you leave with Smurfette .. 
when you are feeling down because everyone is against you just remember that ... nationwide is on ur side 
GOODNIGHT WORLD ;) 
hmmm so sittin at home alone under a mattress in the living room watching the news .... shoulda went to the hospital 
hmmm what a day night ppls 
GRATZ ALL 2010 SENIORS WE MADE IT =) 
Theres a Snake in my boot =O 
WHAT TIME IS IT ?!?!?! 
anyone remember the graduation photographers name ? 
hmmm like a jumping spider or a tunnel spider ? decisions decisions 
Headed to whataburger mmmm 
Is ready for some whitewater 2moro :) 
Thinkin bout goin to watch killers tonight anyone wanna come ? 
eh change of plans day and night at 10:30 :) 
Thank you everyone its been a pretty good day :P cant w8 to get to the lake 2moro :D 
saw a horse lay down and start rolling around in the grass today it was epic :D 
note to self needles are sharp ... 
cant w8 togo see sorcerer's apprentice :) 
So the worst possible thing that could happen to me just did :'( 
It's not fake , it's generic :) 
OMG OMG OMG .... what ?.... i dont remember .... :D 
Understands now why \desserts\ " after a meal are so calming ... Spell it backwards and you'll see what I mean ! " 
appointment with < PROPFIRST > Casablanca's today at 3 wish me luck :D 
In academy with the power flickering sweeeet 
Good to see you guys again missed ya :) 
Just got a ticket :( 
Loves when it storms 
Fable 3 FTW 
\Sah ... na tah ... ah ... na .... What the hell is that\ " o.O :) " 
well the sleep was good while it lasted ... 
Sorry but ur gonna have todo better than that to get to me ... lol 
had a great weekend with my aunt , need to do it more often ... :D 
Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring not even a mouse ... 
a < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all 
time for some pepsi , some ice , n relaxation 
yay for delivery chinese :D 
is it bad that when you order chinese n they give you 4 fortune cookies n its for one person ...? 
ok im full that was some good lo mein :) 
bored ... o_O :) 
i dont know what to eat right now ... o.O 
back in moore about to play some kinect while w8in for my mom to get home ... 
Three blankets and feet are still breathing lol 
Whose line is it anyways ? SCORE :) 
Thank you netflix for being there when I can't sleep :) 
Almost 4:30 n still not tired great ... 
gonna attempt decent sleep wish me luck haha 
setting my portfolio up :) hopefully in 2days time ill have and agency :D 
thank you everyone :) i just got signed time to start getting jobs :D 
phones dead and charger wont work so i wont have my phone for awhile 
For I know the plans I have for you , ” declares the LORD , “plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and a future . 12 Then you will call on me and come and pray to me , and I will listen to you . 13 You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart . ~ < PROPMALE > 29:11 -13 
When you go through deep waters , I will be with you . When you go through rivers of difficulty , you will not drown . When you walk through the fire of oppression , you will not be burned up ; the flames will not consume you . \ 
< PROPMALE > 43:2 last one haha :) 
ok now time for me to sleep night everyone :) 
I want some chilis :) 
ooo i wanna play some harvest < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I HATE ONIONS ! 
well a bird bird bird is the word ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) :P 
God blesses those who patiently endure testing and temptation . Afterward they will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love Him . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 1:12 :) 
lil bit of mw2 for now 
Bored ... 
mmmmm ice cream :D 
may not have a phone again because once again my phone doesnt want to charge ugh ... 
i feels pretty good outside :) 
Just got back from walking around the lake it was great 
Some cajun chicken pasta sounds really good right now 
