yay for secrets revealed ! ^.^ 

( good secrets , that make things more clear of course ) :) 
whats on my mind ? you are . and you and you and you :) 
bored and sore :( 
i feel better :) 
yayyy < PROPFEMALE > city fireworks are badass 
i misplaced my phone :( its dead and missing , so if you've tried to contact me thats why i haven't responded . 
why be in love with anything . when you could be in love with food ? 
my birthday is officially over :) it was a great one and i can't wait for the next one ^.^ 
just remembered she has a book , and is going to utilize its purpose . 
i'm really happy :) 
is turning on into the wild . i haven't watched it in like three months ! maybe more . and i'm really excited . 
i want to go somewhere and have myself an adventure . 
i'm just a fan . 
so super uber cool 
seattle : the morning after tomorrow night :D 
i'm so annoyed . with everything . so i think i'm going to bed . 
christian sanders you're a bitch Christian Sanders 
FASFKDLSAFJDKAL 
CAKE 
its cold :( 
:/ bored . 
nugget 
lawl so super hard 
so tired O_o 
ugh . you're boring ! 
O_o 
lol . so apparently i'm the most intimidating girl in the entire senior class . 
hates overenthusiasm in the morning -_- 
i . have . a . job . at the coolest place in town . fuh rael . 
fog is a strange word fog fog fog 
i'm in the mountains ... and i feel like going to the beach .... what will i do ... 
BALDI TOMORROW ! 
avatar tonight ? i hope . i hope . 
holy . < PROPMALE > . i'm tired . 
murry chrustmus ! 
i is ready to ski again ! my muscles are getting so super strong ^.^ 
PEETSUUUUH O_O 
i'm going to spend the last night in SV enjoying myself and spending time with my family <3 
my car is fixed <3 
i'm watching passafire vids on youtube and i'm jonesing so damn bad . i would attatch a video for you guys ... but i can't . 
conair 
the first day of the year has already been beautiful , setting the tone for the rest of it . thank you comrades ! 
is fit to burst with love 
i want a kiss . a hershey's kiss . ^.^ 
nude ( color ) 
knitting ! <3 
i applied at bsu so i guess that means thats where i'm going to college next year :) 
potatoes , kiwis , and pears , oh my ! 
i'm so over this literary analysis . homework in general is bogging me down down down 
not feeling well . not going to school . am going to eat a bunch of vitamin c . 
i'm almost a college girl hell yeah hey dj bring that back 
sat on my ass all weekend and it was great :) 
you're my favorite 
being conservative is less fun :) 
being conservative is no fun :) 
mama mia , here i go again , my my , how can i resist ya ? ^.^ 
supervillains show is 18 and up sadsadsad 
the wind is making me want to stand in it . with a coat on , of course . 
funk you 
whats on my mind ? you are . you and you and you . 
It's Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to that of someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) whom you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched-at-birth photo , then cut/paste this blurb into your status or send it to your friends . 
whip it 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and then in the first entry under your comments , put the meaning for your name . 
driving up to sv bruthuhs and sistuhs , so hold on to yuh seats cuz i'll be there sune . 
i's in sv na . 
i forgot there was real snow in some places . sun valley , you are my lover . and i'm going to ski the shit out of you in approximately 16 hours . 
working too hard could give you a heart attack ack ack ack ack ack 
its finally < PROPFEMALE > in sun valley- skiing should be good :) 
hot begonias ! 
restless -_- 
driving back to 1A 
i'm not liking the new layout . 
allanah is an asshole . 
point break <3 
up to the little hil ! 
oh , la ink , how i've missed you ! 
who hasn't seen < PROPMALE > and teds excellent adventure ? me . thats right . 
abandon ship ! 
i just wrote the best compare and contrast essay ... ever . to be turned in for a 5+ please ! 
aye matey 
operation : get fit . in effect . 
tupac was a gemini 
first night of yoga was a wonderful experience :) 
operation : get fit is going extremely well so far , i've only skipped one day since i started ! 
crazy white supremisist idahoans . 
i'm so lazyyyyy 
bitch please 
i have to wake up before 12 o clock tomorrow ? aye < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mama mia 
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone . It's not warm when she's away . Ain't no sunshine when she's gone and she's always gone too long anytime she goes away . 
i love operation : get fit ! you should try it ! not that you need to .... i'm just saying ... 
omg pita bread ?! SO DELICIOUS ! 
anybody been to burning man before ? 
i'm going to get ready for sun valley and seriously consider going to the gym before i leave . wish me luck getting into a bar tonight for passafire ! 
i should really get off facebook and just leave . 
criminal ! 
guess i'm going to the wailers instead :) 
crazy weekend 
i . am . so . TIRED ! fdafsd ; fkdlsa staying up until 2:30 is not normal ! 
i hate UFC . 
bed O_o 
skiing 
skiing was so shitting great today ! 
my weekend was great , but its time to recover some of my sleep time . 
not digging this weather :/ 
lol 
i was leaving the local chevron today , and little did i know that the gas pump was still in my car . you can guess what happened next . luckily those hoses are made to handle the stupid shit i do and it didn't cost me any money to fix ! 
wha ?... 
today has been very good 
i lerv pineapple and pita bread . not together , of course 
ozzy osborne likes lady gaga 
off to sun valley again . wish i could stay and ski all week , but unfortunately i'll be back on monday . 
i wish i was swedish . from sweden . 
definitely time to go to bed-goodnight 
i am a huge fan of cheetohs . 
i really have sat around all day . i haven't done this in .... forever ! 
i walk the streets of japan til i get lost cause it doesn't remind me of anything With a graveyard tan carrying a cross Cause it doesn't remind me of anything I like studying faces in a parking lot Cause it doesn't remind me of anything 
it trips me out that we all have access to millions of people every time we get online . it makes the world seem very small to me . 
you're boring 
i think i'll actually get off my ass today and go skiing :) 
chatroulette 
school is such a bummer . and so is this wind . 
i'm so excited for yoga i can hardly stand it ! 
off to grandmothers to resume my vigorous sewing lessons 
this damn wind . 
sun valley three weekends in a row ? thats the good life 
just ate at sego in ketchum . delicious food , great service , WEIRD company . 
two more months of school left 
i'll be in new york in less than 48 hours . wild ! 
its officially spring break and i'm officially late on packing . what the hell will i bring 
i really don't like AFI 
human society commercials :`( 
new york in less than 24 hours ?! 
rockin this metropolis . ny is making my feet hurt already . but we look great :) 
for the record , i love < PROPFIRST > dunstan and my mother so ultra much . and of course all of the people i'm happily staying in ny with :) 
first broadway play last night was wonderful and we went to the metropolitan museum of < PROPMALE > for most of today . now everyone but me is asleep because i am a bad napper ! 
p.s. people don't drive where there are lines here , they drive where there's room for them to squeeze it . 
they don't check IDs in new york 
the addams family was SO fun last night , and we just had our last meal in new york at the morning < PROPFEMALE > cafe . good bye new york , i'll see you again soon <3 
i'm back in idaho ... everything is so quiet .... i can actually hear myself breathe .... 
good morning ! 
i'm going to bed , i don't feel well :( 
going to my grandmamas to < PROPFEMALE > out with the family :) happy easta 
diggin the woodstock documentary on vh1 right now :) 
the sun came out and gave me a funny tan line on my chest :) 
maybe i need some actual human interaction . or maybe its the weather . i'm just dragging ass today . i should have skiied . 
contradictions taste good 
i can see by your outfit that you are a COWBOY 
i think i'll actually go skiing today 
i wish i could teleport 
groove , lounge 
ugh 
all the birds were talking to me when i was laying in the sun today <3 
i'm officially beginning the building process of my prom dress . building ... like with nails and wood . 
i just flicked a spider off my shoulder O_o 
\i was amazed at how deep he could go ... with his voice\ " -said i " 
come on < PROPFEMALE > 
kant night was outrageous . i always enjoy hanging out with sexy chicks :) 
every time the weekend rolls around i automatically get comfortable and forget that i'm even still in school . every sunday night when i realize i have to go back my heart breaks . 
what a monday 
tomorrow night i think i'll go to equaleyes . 
tonight was good :) first live equaleyes show ( which was fun as hell to watch ) , had some good quality alone time , and also got some good quality < PROPFEMALE > time in . <3 
oh summer , where are you ? come back to me ? 
klondike 
i finished my prom dress and raided my grandmas jewelry box and scored . hell yeah . 
i'm tired of this farmville and zoo world shit . 
i was going to clean my room .... :o oops . 
you've been a bad girl . a very very bad BAD girl . 
is cool 
i could use a good poke in the eye 
dizzy 
i think i'll paint 
cascaaaaaaaaaade with a car full of hotties 
FUCK westboro church . i am a fag enabler and proud of it . 
can ear drums spasm ? 
make way for the a l eeeeeeee 
< PROPFIRST > kardashian is so not hotter than < PROPFIRST > keidis . 
4 more school days :o 
you . 
hiccup ... hiccup .. hiccup . hiccup 
sunglasses indoors really really isn't cool . it never was . 
i may decide to go down to the flying m . you can follow me there if you want :) 
whats with all the ridiculously long < PROPFEMALE > things that everyone keeps liking ... 
Others Look 
this shit is bananas 
i feel the summer sleep schedule coming on .... 
you are only young once , but you can stay immature indefinitely ^.^ 
wtf ? last day of high school tomorrow ?! party time ! 
hears london calling :o 
high school : check ! 
is officially graduated and had a new lap top :) 
alive is the new dead ! 
i feel like today is my first actual day off since school haha . i've been so busy ! 
bowl of cereal .... i'm ready for you . 
gotta go to the rx 
is internet job hunting . i know the kind of job i want , its just so damn hard to get . 
i'm finally going to palates , for the first time in two weeks . its going to be a bitch . 
i'm so stoked 
is at the flying m ! 
i do know my bum muscles are in pain . 
i had a good day :) but i'm glad i'm in bed 
burn that useless homework ! what did it ever do for you , anyways ?! 
maybe i should get off my bum and do something . 
wierd . 
i need to find a nice cardboard box to live in , when i move to boise , so if you have a decent sized one , let me know . 
flying m likes cocorosie lately 
goodnight :) 
lawl 
out to the good old valley of sunshines and hopefully nice weathers . 
wore contacts today and didn't die :o 
quiggley is growling in his sleep .... at the aliens about to abduct him ... O_o 
what should i do today ? 
debating on if i should go into ketchum and get irvings or just make tuna here ... 
guess where i'm at ! 
has the giggles ... all by herself ^.^ 
SOJA 
what strange eating habits i'm acquiring ... 
this is a call of arms to live and love and sleep together 
i just woke up from a terrible dream that someone was trying to kill my grandmother . 
hmmm .... 
oh , sun ! 
long , fun weekend :) can i please go to bed at a decent hour tonight ? 
when i grow up , i wanna have boobies 
is less than mildly entertained . 
is GOING to find a job today >:D 
shards-o-glass freeze pop . yummmm 
is going to take herself to the flying m , i think . 
cant fall asleep O_o 
someone please run me over with a giant truck going at least 100 < PROPMALE > an hour . 
i like < PROPFIRST > malkovich 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > a < PROPFEMALE > la :D 
guess who has a job ? i do . i am officially a bagel artist at blue sky . come . buy a bagel . 
URGENT :: need two bunk beds ! for free ! or , if you insist , i'll pay you five bucks . EACH . 
i think this is the first job i'll go in on the first day and not be sickeningly nervous :) 
yay blue sky at 7:30 in the mornin ! 
aye < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mamma mia ! i've got plans ! :D 
is tired 
uh oh . who has a 64 oz bottle of < PROPFEMALE > d ? i do . 
i fucking hate small towns . 
< PROPMALE > union ... who are you ? 
has figured out what her first tattoo is and its going to be sick . 
off to irvings . everyone wish for a bunch of tips for me . i decided i would keep my shirt on today , since i'm working with the boss . tips just aren't as good with your shirt on ;) 
is about to leave sv 
i love far and away ! 
is going to be to work on time tomorrow . 
needs a perfect nights sleep to catch up her overall lack of sleep . 
is only an hour into her birthday , and its been great :) thank you beautiful friends , i love you . 
yes .... i really did spill < PROPMALE > carters drink today . 
half of my mouth is numb from the dentist and i keep accident making funny noises with my lips ^.^ 
is off to get a new license and a checking account . 
is going to sleep in tomorrow morning ! :D 
is it sad that every place i work i go in on the off days to eat there ? i guess i choose good places to work ... 
i'm listening to a really interesting conversation right now 
had a great night ! ate too much hot sauce >.< 
soooo lazy today ! 
so tired on the morning back to work ... i wish i could go back to sleep . maybe i should get into black coffee . a regular cup of < PROPFIRST > . or maybe i must take the step out into the fresh air . or MAYBE i should do all of my drugs at once . or just put my shoes on and go to work . wish me luck . 
loves how well she didn't sleep . 
is exhausted . and has another 4am shift to look forward to . 
cheesus krist . 
still tired . i'd like to catch up . 
has three days off :D 
a good warped year for weather , not so much for music that i listen to . 
i wish i could grow a beard for no shave november -_- 
PAY DAY BRITCHES . 
yay friends ! 
whoa , black < PROPFEMALE > 
loves doing weird shit to her hair . 
has an interview at pie hole tomorrow :D 
sweet disposition 
We are lies like the summertime\ 
Like the spring we are such fools\ 
Like fall we are false prophets\ 
Like winter we are cruel 
i don't get social networking sites . 
ugh . 
someone stay up with me all night ? 
has a great idea for a halloween costume . for once in her life . 
RAWWRRRRRRR >:O 
is bored 
lamebook ... cracks me up ^.^ 
lol . god . the hype . 
if you're having dreams in which your bananas need feeding , maybe you should spend more time thinking about your monkey . did you ever consider that ?! your monkey might need feeding ! 
workin workin 
finally doesn't feel like she's going to die . 
wiiiiish my hair was looooooong >:( 
don't ask me wtf i'm doing ! thats my business beitch . 
twooooooooooo days til portland after today ! 
blah 
happy international world peace day ! 
portland portland portland portland portland 
everyone has two days for their birthday ..... ones on the other side of the world though ! :D 
oh , btw i'm in portland . 
enjoys good quality wake up time at noon 
where is my otak ? 
BLACK KEYS <3 
lawl ? 
i just want to do it right .... life , that is . 
i love the notebook . 
off to mount < PROPFIRST > ! 
literally feels like she just reentered earths atmosphere . tomorrow i will officially land on earths surface and have to face cold hard reality . nevertheless , i am glad to be here . my ass probably has pressure sores from sitting on it so long . 
OR pictures coming soon to a fb near you ... 
lives with mom and dad again ^.^ 
why the hell can't i sleep ? i work in two hours . :'( 
jfkldsafdskalghdafndalfr -_- bunkerin down away from things that talk ftm . 
XD 
i like it on the floor 
< PROPFEMALE > Dunstan 
today felt like a day off , i worked so early . goodnight ! :D 
doin passport stuff 
i'd like to think i'm the mess you'd wear with pride 
found music on mtv ? O_o 
is it possible to be too sentimental ? and i a memory hoarder ? probably :) 
speeeeeeeeed 
new dress , fairly new boots , they go great together and i look badass . nothing better ;) 
is not a wallflower :) 
i have a crush on < PROPFEMALE > apple . 
kings of < PROPFIRST > too . jesus , sex on fire is just sexy . 
i need help with my halloween costume 
is drinkin out of a cup . bein a bitch . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was a cancer . 
is really at work . 
has the best taste is music . 
its a double complete rainbow ! 
works in 5 hours ! 
is eating her last bagel , for at least a month . 
no shave november starts today .. boys , girls .... put away your razors and shaving creams . 
thanks for dinner , mom 
Expect to feel pleasure . Knowledge is sexy . Expect to feel pain . Knowledge is torture . 
> : ' o i r savage ! 
So I'm looking for an inexpensive place to live , in Boise . If you know anything you should let me know :) 
i would like to go see paranormal activity sometime this week . would someone like to go with me ? :) i'd go alone , but i don't know if that would be a good idea 
orly ? 
what ? you got beef ? 
so i officially have my own room in the apartment i share with the wonderful gray sperry . happy :) 
oh . my god . mutha fucking SNOW . brang it on snow snow snow snow snow snow ! :D 
needs to find something to do . 
:D 
i don't currently have a message for the world . 
< PROPFIRST > . someone in this building likes slamming shit around every once in a while and it scares me every time . 
i wish i was in college so I could have a college photo album . i should put all of my new pictures in the no life album , or possibly in the still sitting on my ass album . 
i r tired . got to work an hour and a half early today - _ - 
<3 :) thumbs up eyes wide heart open soul happy 
nutella on celery is on my mind . 
house warming gifts ? what ... like , insulation ? 
If love's a word , that you say\ 
Then say it , I will listen 
SOOOOOOOUUUUUUP 
just spent too much time on fabebook in one sitting . 
ridin my bike to the funky reggae xmas ! 
i had a dream that i looked up and saw the lunar eclipse last night . does that count ? 
at some point i think i'll leave for sun valley today . 
has arrived ! 
Her eyes are rubies and pearls \ 
And she's not made like those other girls 
<3 
is hanging with the raddest cat 
whelp . 
mumford and sons pandora radio plays some good shit . 
home ? 
\They have learned their lesson if they realize in time that the only true and necessary freedom to which they should aspire is the one within them . \"" 
is totally home . 
hahahahahaha i hope its healthy to laugh this much . my chest hurts . damnyouautocorrect.com is so . damn . funny . 
whooooa need to get off my ass 
purchased a shit load of yogurt today . 
zomg 
soup [ suihkonen ] for dinner ! 
aahh . damnyouautocorrect.com never fails to brighten my day . 
flakes . 
kuna is weird . i don't like it . 
i guess i'll clean my room since moms coming over . i wouldn't want her to think that i haven't changed a bit ! 
lawl . everyones trippin on the zodiac signs right now . 
buh . 
back . 
ain't no thang ! 
damn . 
where are we ? what the hell is going on ? 
how do you make those notes on here ? 
is on to something . 
i've provided a note to be read , hopefully . just was inspired to actually record some of the thoughts i was having today , that i thought might be of interest to someone . just maybe :) 
damnyouautocorrect ... you've done it AGAIN . 
betcha can't guess where i'm going 
peptor docper 
GD . i'm MF tired . I'm GTB for a BIT . 
itching to go out of town . out of state even ? 
so i know its dorky to tell everyone your dreams from the night before , but this is worth it . all it one night i dreamt of killing a man , of zombies , and of being in WoW ( they added a new place ... called Mountain Home . i don't know if you heard ) fighting for my life . 
i just lost . 
Bardic Danger Erg-My 
the whole wide world is mine :) 
offffffffffffffffffffffffffffff to work 
breakfast at jims diner , good way to start the morning :) 
animals as leaders , the second best of the night . thursday , fun . underoath , FUCKING AMAZING . 
tired . 
tooooooooooooo the m . 
muffin slut 
damn you , < PROPFIRST > aaja . 
< PROPFIRST > Chatterton Bardic Danger Erg-My 
girl , you have no faith in medicine ! 
love ! <3 
someone should meet me at the flying m . 
duckling is a funny word ^.^ 
has werk , beitch . 
go away , cough >:( 
happy birthday mom ! 
is excited :) 
nice ! 
facebook just gave me the option of adding myself as a friend ... 
needs understanding . hoping for reciprocated love as well . 
i am a silenc-errr 
zomg . bored . 
sometimes i eat things so delicious i wish they'd never end . 
someone tell these customers to stop being bitches . 
RAISIN BRAN ! >:D 
p.s. i've had a good last couple of days . :) 
educate yourself ! 
I'll be your black bird darlin'\ 
Hanging on your telephone wire\ 
Flap my wings , oh yeah\ 
And set your heart to fly 
is sitting next to an asshole . 
silly day , silly day . 
Whats on my mind ? You . 
riding my bike around boise today ! i'm feeling good . 
dear westboro church , i hate you . 
i'll waaaaaaait for you theeeere , liiiike a stoooone 
love your mother ! 
coffee and food . 
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee 
Half Dorn 
< PROPFEMALE > Gable 
is annoyed . 
so i might have just had ANOTHER bagel . so what . 
oh my 
\QUEEF AND ABOLISH ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Dunstan " 
l8r 
double you tee eff . 
sometimes i see extremely cute children . i want to steal them . 
YUMMMM >:O 
i believe in retail therapy . 
r sleepy 
methinks i'm going to relax and watch a movie 
weird . 
who are you ? 
this weekend proved to be rad . now the question is .... can i fast forward to the next ? 
i'm only four hours early to work , its cool . 
is taking things into her own hands ! 
i tend to eat like an elf . 
have you met my wife , Magdelena Squalor ? she's a steal . 
< PROPFIRST > buzzard , you left your wallet at blue sky bagels 
wants to punch someone . 
today is a dawsons day . 
can we make an angry lesbians game for iphones ? the lady at the gas station should be in it . 
i love apple juice . 
homegrown . 
left my phone at home -.- 
i'm always befriending musicians and artists . is it just a good place to live or am i just attracting good people ? i don't know , but i dig it . 
it kinda struck a little < PROPFEMALE > in fact , i'd like to keep my little shell intact 
today is a mumford day . 
old men remind me of my grandpa . which makes me love them . 
went for a hike ! and now i feel wonderbar ! 
make like a tree and get the fuck out . 
starfish ? 
