I want to see this film 

I hate to sound like broken record but just this once : Children of the Sea . First volume available to read online for FREE FREE FREE until JULY 21st when it's on print for stores . Brief review : http://easternstandard.pbworks.com/Children%20of%20the%20Sea 
Whether you think the music is gay or not ( music is awesome bitches ) . Video is all sorts of awesome creativity . 
Comic-con was good but only went Friday ... Next year definitely checking out all four days if possible . I want to check out APE ( Alternative Press Expo ) too this year . But ... god ... 6 hour drive to San < PROPFEMALE > ! Must find other means ! 
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer 
My head is exploding 
So I totally failed horribly at the 24 hour comic challenge ( 24 pages done in 24 hours ) and I ending up only finishing 2 somewhat sketchy pages out of 18 pages thumb-nailed ... ... buuut I think it was an interesting experience and I may have a decent enough story to publish online ... maybe periodically ??? 
is gonna all-nighter with doubleshot espresso coke and a couple of energy drinks 
farts . Loudly . 
is in dire need of human bodily contact , fluids ... and smooches . 
is eating Kiwi that tastes like chewy , crunchy meat . GROSS ! 
is confounded that most of his best ( in his opinion ) ideas and work seems to be done in his head or drawn invisibly ( yes I like to doodle on air/invisible paper I am a nutjob ) when not drawing on paper . 
Astro Boy movie is probably going to be 99 percent crap but I'm sooo going to get a Happy Meal at McDonalds for Astroboy toys . F yes 
Happy Christmas Bastards 
I think I'll make a new years resolution that I'll actually DO : What I can think of atm : draw self-caricature/portrait in a somewhat different style each day for 365 days . This'll probably make me reeeeaaaal egotistic lol 
HAPPY NEW FREARKING YEARGS EVERYBLARGY\ 
\ 
( no I'm not drunk ... yet ) 
2010 is my bitch . White tiger year ftw in like a week . I've been a bitchin ' hermit lately ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Megami Tensei Strange Journeeeeey ... best DS game/rpg so far ? Possibly !! ( Not even a couple hours in ) 
Haha ... really belated thanks guys ! I love all you guys in the most manliest and platonic way possible ! 
I need . Draw . Serious . SERIOUS . 
I am feeling awkward . 
I am best served drunk . 
I hate it when I get the absolute urge to play guitar and get absorbed in it ... \ 
Until I realize it's like almost 4 in the morning or beyond when I should be sleeping : / 
is restless . Yet satisifed . Cannot make up his mind . 
' s mind is filled with lots and lots of shit . Like a spiralling library of < PROPFEMALE > shit . It is also very dirty and needs to be sorted out . That is probably going to make most of my summer . 
I think it's a genuinely refreshing feeling to be concise and articulate in saying what you mean and get it across in a way that produces proverbial light bulbs to the people I speak to . \ 
I still have a long , eternal way to go ... but that suits me fine . 
I effing love my new Sony Walkman Player . Cordless ! CORDLESS ! 1.7 gig storage built in the head phones ! Water-resistant to a degree ! Only 60 bucks ! I was so totally donning a million dollar idiot smile when I was jogging today with it ... \ 
Especially because it was playing the Beatles - WHY DON'T WE D-D-DO IT IN THE ROAAAAAAD ~ 
I'm currently looking for a reasonably cheap cell phone carrier family plan that provides good FREE cellphones ( or hopefully a cheap smartphone)\ 
Any recommendations ? \ 
I think so far T-mobile sounds good ... asides from the cells they offer . Not so sure of which to get : O\ 
I reeaaally don't want to get another crappy ho-hum/humdrum cell phone for the millionth time ... 
is trying to draw , play the guitar and beat the heat . Not doing too well ~ * collapse * 
I lurve beer . 
Satoshi Kon ( Perfect Blue , Millennium Actress , Tokyo Godfathers , Paranoia Agent , Paprika ) passes away at 47 due to cancer . \ 
He will be remembered as a brilliant film maker in animation and will forever remind us that animation can be as sophisticated as films past , present and future , but in a way powerfully unique to animation . R I P 
had a strange dream where I was a DDR/Technika/etc master . \ 
I just play drum mania tho : | Even in my dreams it gets no love ! 
: u 
Nothing like reading comics to inspire ! ( for me ) 
' s humble bravado is crescendoing to an awesome force filled with flying giraffe fishes and swimming unicorn otters . \ 
I'm ready to take on anything ! 
This week is ' I'll try to shut up about One Piece week ' Too good . 
I had an odd dream where I was casted as Link in a < PROPFEMALE > movie for some reason . \ 
I was also much more fat and half-naked during production . \ 
It was a mix of horrifying and amusing . I woke up and quickly checked my weight : ( 
Assassins Creed Brotherhood is BROTASTIC\ 
Also , Sonic Colors feels like the best Sonic game I've ever played since more than a decade . Yeah , you read that right . 
I'm itching to create ... \ 
It's just too bad I don't have a million arms to draw a million different subjects ... \ 
Ditto for music ! 
I'm an Aries through and through . Or not . Screw it , I'm an Aries through and through . \ 
BRING IT ON\ 
The year of the revolution , \ 
< PROPFIRST > . 
I need people to tell me to shut up and start drawing 
I gots kinda short hair now . Maybe take pic later when I'm feel less lazy or lookin more sexy-like . \ 
It is working mode hair . I gots the resolves nows brothers and sisters . 
I've got a new phone number . \ 
Same area code . 827-8786 
