2010 -- I'll let you know on January 8th exactly how this year's going to go :) All bets are on FANTASTIC ! 

is excited about the new baby in the family ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > ! ( And < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > :D ) 
is getting some face time with her best < PROPMALE > , venting , and thinking about a great grandbaby blanket for Nanny . 
thinks the saddest part of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death is the fact that everyone forgot that < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett died -- and she was a worthwhile person . 
is convinced that our family makes the most beautiful babies imaginable -- we come from good stock guys :) 
is getting a tan and deciding where her next tattoo would look best :) 
is driving the last rental available in Wilmington ... apparently . 
is contemplating her hair ... 
walked 8 < PROPMALE > yesterday and is doing 13.1 on sunday -- training for the next 1/2 marathon she's doing in september ! 
is looking for something that may or may not be there . It's not something any boolean operator will fix ... 
is trying to figure out when she can afford her tattoo :) 
is SO glad to not be working today . She's beat . 
is ready to see Nanny and show off her nephew to everyone at work ! 
is safe and sound in South Alabama . She likes fitting in with all her Bama people but also likes being one of a kind in NC :D 
thinks a parenting exam ought to be issued before allowing people to procreate . Morons . 
is so ready for her 8 day stretch to be OVER :) 
is SUPER excited about the first game of the season , 09/05/09 , against < PROPFEMALE > Tech -- and she will be watching it in < PROPFEMALE > w/ her parents , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is trying to figure out why people have to make really simple situations so freaking complicated ??? 
is waiting for someone to fit into the soundtrack of her life . Posers need not apply . Please see music preferences for details . 
wants all these plates to stop spinning so she can be a successful person -- not just someone in transit . 
is super . She walked 13.1 < PROPMALE > , got a medal , took a nap , is going shopping , and then having a party . All she has left to say is ROLL TIDE !!! 
is anticipating fall -- fall is always a very happening time for her ... 
is apparently in a semi-constant state of confusion . The only thing she's sure about is her football team . That never waivers . 
wishes < PROPFIRST > Swayze would have rescued her from the corner and shown her the time of her life . He was a fantastic actor ... 
is ready to kick it into gear , the holidays can just bring it on because I'm ready . 
wonders how she ever ended up with the crazy elephant head girl as a best friend ... talk about unexpected :) 
is hangin out with her family for the weekend :) 
is broke , but owns a fabulous new pair of black high heels . 
is excited . ROLL TIDE !!!!! 
thinks someone should mention to < PROPMALE > Tebow that he will , in fact , have to play at least one more worthy opponent this season ( shocker , I know ) . She looks forward to seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > sit on him on December 5th . Roll Tide ! That is all . 
wants to know why 14 hundred people want to visit the library 15 minutes before it closes . She wonders why they think they will be the only ones \slipping\ " in real quick . Duh . " 
is ready . Bring on the hectic days ahead . 
is anticipating January 7th , 8pm . Bring it Texas , bring it :) 
had a good Christmas with her family . She's currently typing a message on a shiny new laptop that doesn't take 3 minutes to load every < PROPFEMALE > :) Life is looking up . 
wants to get it together in 2011 , it just didn't happen in 2010 . She kept up in 2010 , she wants to thrive and succeed for the next 365 days . 
How to win me over in 2.5 seconds flat : Say ROLL TIDE ! 
Yep . This is going to be a good year . Roll Tide :) 
wants to rip it off , that's all , just rip it off and be done with it . 
wants to know what her avatar would look like :) 
thinks that birthday gift shopping sounds like a good plan . She wishes PITTA would CALL her BACK ! 
can't wait for next season :( What will she do until August ? 
is trying to tear herself away from the computer and go to sleep like she ought to . 
needs to recharge . She's exhausted ... 
is contemplating people . Motives , ignorances , flaws ... 
wants Wal-Mart to go away . Far far away . Help . 
Mr. BigStuff , tell me who do you think you are , Mr. BigStuff ? You ain't never gonna get my love 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theatres , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS . Please repost if you support our troops . 
Someone told me long ago There's a calm before the storm , I know ; It's been comin ' for some time . When it's over , so they say , It'll rain a < PROPFEMALE > day , I know ; Shinin ' down like water . 
Can't wait to open the pool :) 1 more month :) :) :) 
E tu Brute ? 
wonders sometimes if the people she aims messages towards are intelligent enough to understand them . All signs point to no . 
is getting back to the basics . It's kinda feeling good : ) 
is trying very hard . It's like balancing plates on skinny poles while riding a unicycle on a tight rope ... and gargling the < PROPFEMALE > Spangled Banner . 
is contemplating the treadmill behind her .... to jog or not to jog ... tune in tomorrow , for the rest of the story 
is incredibly sad . Appalled and sad . 
is still sad about her poor sweetheart < PROPFEMALE > , but she's moving on to the anger stage of grief . Beware . 
is trying to squeeze her stuff into a teeny weeny space . Well ... procrastinating trying to squeeze her stuff into a teeny weeny space . 
just wants things to be the way she sees them in her head , it would be so much easier . 
would like to extend an invitation . Be as blunt and simple spoken as possible . Talking in code gets old . 
is feeling optimistic about summer camp , especially since she dodges the swimming pool this week :) 
hates psychology . It explains everything and nothing all at the same time ??? 
will fall short of an important goal on wednesday , but will wake up on thursday and keep on trying :) 
got sunburned on father's day while ignoring instuctions to use sunscreen ( given by her father ) . Irony burns . 
watched Eclipse with good friends and family tonite . Two thumbs up : ) ... now where do I sign up for a < PROPMALE > Black of my very own ? 
washed her car and got a tan today , which was nice considering how much whiter than normal people she always starts out . 
played rummy until 2am . Cards makes her happy : ) 
is praying for strength , willpower , endurance , gumption , and initiative . I don't need my problems fixed , just the tools to fix them . 
wants football season to get here already . Roll Tide !!! 
needs something ... not sure what but she figures the first step to getting it is admitting it isn't there ... lol , now somebody yell hot , cold , or warm so she can figure out what it is ! 
wants to rewind time and skip the damn staff meeting . for real . 
: so like , bought a cheap pair of ballet flats for work , found my local library card , and got to see French Kiss on TV . The verdicts in -- the weekend is off to a good start . Now tan me , sun , tan me . : ) 
is a < PROPMALE > bit irritated with people , but whatever . 
likes red toe nail polish and blue jeans . 
D-R-A-M-A . You think you get to an age where it no longer exists , and then someone 15 years your senior proves you wrong . 
wishes her body would spit out all this sickness already . yuck . 
wants her hair styling products to be un-discontinued ! ( imagine her look of panic ) 
is looking up grad school programs that she might be interested in . Any suggestions ? 
says bring it on treadmill , bring it on ... just maybe don't bring it on as hard as usual because I'm still healing . Bring it on nicely . There . 
knows she can't fix , change , or undo the past . So why is that the only thing she wants ? Hermione Granger , < PROPFEMALE > me the goods . 
wishes on stars , throws < PROPFEMALE>'s in fountains , holds her breath under tunnels , and blows out all her candles . So explain her life . 
thinks that she misses some old friends sometimes . 
is thinking about Coffee , praying that nothing shady comes out about his departure from the 49ers . Because she can respect someone turning away from the life everyone else chooses for them to follow their own heart , but she can't respect someone that lies to save face . Fingers crossed . 
says woohoo ! Going to stay at the beach and not have to get up 2+ hours early to get to work on time ! 
had a great time with family at the beach house ! She's just a little confused as to why she gets great wireless internet but can't keep a phone call for more than 5 minutes ??? Aren't they the same signal ??? 
wants to write two hundred pages by Christmas . Pray for her . 
is frustrated . The longer she's out of college the more she feels like she's not succeeding ... eh ... 
Bama 48-3 over San < PROPFIRST > , Penn State next ! 
fall is sad ... there are fleeting moments where fall is enjoyable , but for the most part it's just sad ... and full of nostalgia and this mostly bitter bittersweetness that won't go away ... 
This old house is falling down around my ears\ 
I'm drowning in a river of my tears\ 
When all my will is gone you hold me sway\ 
I need you at the dimming of the day\ 
\ 
You pull me like the < PROPFEMALE > pulls on the tide\ 
You know just where I keep my better side\ 
What days have come to keep us far apart\ 
A broken promise or a broken heart\ 
Now all the < PROPFEMALE > birds have wheeled away\ 
I need you at the dimming of the day 
whoever heard of a nittany lion anyway ? 
says it's game day !!! : ) ROLL TIDE 
says way to go BAMA , it's hard when you're playing against the referees 
wants her cell phone signal to come back : ( please don't take the outside world away from her ! 
... really ? are you kidding me ? 
never wants to go back to work again , is there anyone out there that can arrange that for me ? 
is ready ready ready ready , ready to run ! all i wanna do is have some , fu-u-u-u-un ! ... uh ... but she doesn't have time right now so she's taking a raincheck ... cuz it's Wednesday , not Friday 
says , hey blue devils ! ROLL TIDE !!! 
says the seasons are changing again . The leaves may not turn in Eastern NC , but there are other ways to gague it . 
just watched the season premier of The Biggest Loser and laughed her ass off with her brother and sister . I'm never signing up for anything with either one of your crazy asses ! 
thinks she wants to go to the fair in a couple weeks with some good friends . In fact , it's on the top of her to do list . 
says Roll Tide ! Nearly died , six times , but Roll Tide ! And bring it on gators ! 
would just like to point out to all the Bama haters one thing -- if it was easy , who the hell would want it ? 
can't wait til 8 o'clock tomorrow night ! KICKOFF , BAMA florida !!! 
is proud of Alabama -- after their reality check last week against Arkansas , they really needed a confidence boost to prepare them for their away game against the Gamecocks next week . And way to go < PROPMALE > McElroy : back to the smart , well executed , and methodical play making that got you where you are ! ROLL TIDE ! 
would like to sleep and sleep and sleep and sleep , all the way to Christmas-time . 
needs a haircut . 
had a great time out with friends ! Can't wait for tomorrow , Roll Tide !!! 
is ready for the rest of the season ! One loss doesn't count us out of the chase -- and we're gonna learn from our mistakes and come back and win the SEC ! ROLL TIDE !!! 
just got scared out of her whosey whatsits by a baby possum that reminded her of a terrifying \not-scary\ " movie she just watched . It coulda killed her . And it wouldn't get out of the garage ! " 
wants the terrible nostalgic feeling of October to just go away . Is it really only halfway over ? 
can't believe she has to wait 11 HOURS to watch her came at 10 o'clock at night . That's just crazy talk ! 
woooooooo ! nebraska lost , ohio state is behind ! auburn won but 2/3 ain't bad , now ROLL TIDE ROLL ! 
alright now -- what the h is offense doing ? i mean i figure we'll get through this game but this just isn't gonna cut it against LSU and Auburn . Geez ! BAMA on top at the half ~ ROLL TIDE ~ 
is ready for 6pm Tuesday . 
is headed to GA in t-minus 27 hours ! 
is back from < PROPFEMALE > ! She had a great time hanging out in the sick < PROPMALE > with her family , lol -- and BAMA kicked some Tennessee tail on the way home ! ROLL TIDE !!! 
just got home after Terror Town with friends . She nearly jumped out of her moving car when a bat flew in front of it . Life should be fun for the next few weeks , lmao ... 
is excited about BAMA vs lsu -- ROLL TIDE ! 
is going places . She wants to visit all 50 states by the time she's 30 , so give her a call and make some plans ! 
would like to use a lot of curse words but she friended her parents on facebook : ) so instead she will say ROLL TIDE , and good night . 
is going through Tuscaloosa withdrawl . She wants to go to a game in the motherland ... 
is t-minus 12 hours away from good friends and < PROPMALE > POTTER ! :) 
is laughing at herself , which is supposedly healthy , so here's to botched plans and memory loss :) 
is irritated with ignorant , stupid people at the moment , but not as irritated as < PROPMALE > Saban was with McCarron . I mean , he spanked him on national television . :o yikes 
could write a thousand pages and never capture exactly what she meant to mean . 
had some pretty amazing moments this weekend--let's hope there's more of them in her future :) 
is less than 4 days away from the biggest game of the season -- ROLL TIDE !!! Everyone throw out your orange stuff ! 
Everyone pull out all those red and white Christmas decorations and go to town ! Orange was over in October -- ROLL TIDE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Beecher Stowe said , \Never give up 
If anyone gets a chat from me and i tell you to follow a link--don't do it ! it's a hacker ! \ 
* ~ ROLL TIDE ROLL ~ * 
thinks it's HILARIOUS . She prays , and asks for guidance , but sees no direction . Just miserable miserable confusion . 
wants to know who BAMA plays for a bowl game . Fingers crossed for Boise State :) 
why is everyone's profile picture a cartoon ? What's going on ? 
1/1/11 @1 : Capital One Bowl : BAMA vs . Michigan State :D Yes ! 
wants < PROPFIRST > to come home !!! She misses his little behind : ( 
is ready for this week to have a happy ending , bring it on Saturday ! 
is thankful she stepped on a piece of broken ornament and cut her foot . 
is amused by the results of the heisman race -- apparently these people * like * to repo their hardware . Ridiculous . 
is going back on Prevacid , asap . The alternative = pain . 
is excited about Christmas and already has a bunch of super cool gifts ! 
Is an Aunt , again ! :) 
had too much fun :) 
loves it when stupid people speak to her -- really , I mean it's great to hear the hypocritical ridiculous words come out of their unintelligent mouths . What's really funny is the look on their face when you don't give a damn what they're saying . Just don't laugh , they might go caveman and take a swing . 
had a let down last night . The ducks very nearly came back and then the thieving cheats turned around and won it anyway . Oh well , the whole thing is still pending investigation anyway , so ROLL TIDE ! Stick it to him NCAA ! 
just realized she's going to be 26 in 3 months . Gross . She doesn't feel that old . 
re-read the whole < PROPMALE > Potter series -- it was even better than the last time ! 
completed more than 3000 hula hoops on the wii fit today -- abdominals , prepare to burn ! 
ran over a racoon on the way home from work ... :( 
1oclock in the mornin & im lying here awake\ 
grasping the few pieces u managed not 2 break\ 
hit me with ur best shot is the running refrain\ 
but it gets harder 2 hear it as u desecrate my name\ 
when did u become so bitter so hateful so low\ 
was there a moment in ur life when i earned this part in the show\ 
& if its truly been an earned hate then ill beg u just 1 thing\ 
forgive me for my trespasses & end this torturing 
is soooooo happy for < PROPFIRST > x 2 ! Now we can start planning , yay !!!!!!!!!! 
has been researching wilmington all day . people are greedy is what she's deduced . $2500 to stand in your room with a friend in a white dress ? And it used to be a feed store ? Get outta here . 
is feeling unrelaxed this weekend . Is it bad if you feel like it's been too short when it barely started ? 
needs a dvd cam-corder or a digital cam-corder ... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > one to her for a couple days ? 
is going to train until she can talk over < PROPFEMALE > , if that doesn't prepare her , nothing will :) 
is planning 3 roadtrips in the next 4 weeks -- wish her luck ! 
just wrote out what bills go with which pay day for next month . moral of the story : she can't < PROPFEMALE > out until April :) 
is going to sleep , she has to get on the road at 5am ! FINGERS CROSSED :) 
Ready for Nashville this weekend ! 
is back from < PROPMALE > . No call back x 3 ... lousy results , pretty fun trip though , so not gonna get down about it . Video time , then it's back to the gym for me . I can do it , I can do it , I CAN do it ! 
is sure she wants to do karaoke in her BL video -- who wants to go ? 
because if life was like a movie , i wouldn't need a coat . my makeup would stand up to tears and chivalry wouldn't get old . the days would pass in minutes , and the nights would pass with friends . oh if life was like a movie , i'd already know the end 
