On my way to party in new Orleans ! 

Having fun little darling < PROPFIRST > club new orleans boubons fu 
L 
kool met some new friends today 
SELF MOTIVATED WANT STOP UNTIL I GET WHAT I WANT 
At work bored as hell wish 6 will hurried up 
Taco 
32665 
Slow day 
2 hrs to go count down on home sweet home cant wait 
Feeling tired and about to go to bed hopefully 
Well time to get up get dress for work today hope its more busier today haha 
Im in luv with a stripper 
1 hrs to go had a great day so far let me be carefully 1 to go 
Time to catch a movie tonight 
Hell yeah im off wow time to have some fun 
What a night time for walmart now need some items 
Well time for lunch time to find sumthing good to eat very hungry 
2 hrs to go better day ahead 
Gd night Fb 
Heading to the dentist to get my crown and my cleaning 
Well got the crown done my first 
Just left the dentist time to get something good to eat and maybe shop for some new work shoes they getting a little worn out 
Day started out good its crazy how ur day can go from being good to f = u i tell u 
Well 3 hrs to go let'S see if ity end on a better note 
Need some sleep feeling bad 
I had a wonderful day so far . The weekend almost here 
Man i luv my job SometimesThe peoples are so wild i tell u 
every night the same damn i tell u 
Just left the movies about to shop for some grocery 
Heading home , take shower hit the bed working by myself tomorrow Damn i tell u 
1 hrs to go what a long busy day 
@ the barber I must stay fresh 
@ work chilling , relaxing and having a gd time 
About to watch knock up after that it should be time to go home hopefully 
The real is welcome the haters stay the u know what away 
Goodnite fb need sleep 4 work tomorrow i hope its be busy 
What a hot ass day but @ least im not working 2 day thinkin about running today on the bridge need to lose weight 
Nice jamaica party but too tired to party 
Boring boring boring cant wait to go home 
Just waking up feeling so so 
Jfhryeuj 
lights out fb work 2morromw 
I had a wonderful day now its time to go grocery shopping than maybe do some running on the bridge 
Just finishes exercising ! Need to do it more often it make u feel so good . 
I wonder why there are so many jealous peoples in the world ? 
Up late again going from store to store searching 4 some floor cleaner 
I can`t believe i`m just making it home and have to work early in the morning 
Gd morning Fb another day lets see what happened 
I am a happy and proud virgin ! And dont care what no one think about it ! 
1hr half to go ! Hopefully catch a movie ( the expendables)if i get Off this job on time . Or maybe the casino oo something to have fun 
The expendables kick ass nice movie so far 
Gd nite fb im feeling sick 
Had a great night and loving early morning now lets see what today bring 
Boring day so far ! I guess i shouldnt expected much 
1 hr to go home sweet home i tell u i learned alot today about sum plps 
well up and ready 4 another week ! Let`s see how this one turn out ! Hope it`s better than last week ., 
Cant stand nosey ppls at work ! Especially the ones thinking they run the show ! 
Well on my way 2 Walmart ! Than take a jog on the beach ! I'm feeling so much better than earlier . 
Well back home since its raining on the beach 
12 more working hrs to go ! Than im on vacation ! Hell yeah its time to party ! 
Running on the so call boardwalk on the beach exercising with my baby brother 
Me and the beach just don't agree ! I keep getting rain on once i leave my car 
Well guess they took the hint ! 
On my way to sonic ! I tell u i am very hook on sonic nowadays ! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > and mcdonald's! 
I need to go to the bank ! Too tired to move ! 
Well on vacation but it does not feel liKe it ! Just found out that one of my aunti had a stroke and a massive heart attack ! 
Well on my way out to Pensacola beach and Destin . Trust me i need this one ! 
What a beautiful hot day ! Time to find something to eat ! 
Well just found out my aunti pass away ! Well @ least she in a better place 
Well back home ! Had a fun night ! Time for some new orleans now ! 
Back @ work ! O how i wish i was bacK on \ 
Vacation ! 
Had a wonderful day @ work today ! I tell u it makes ur day a lot better and smoother when u have tru friends around ! But boring when they`re not around ! 
Nice applebee dinner ! Now time to head home tired as hell . 
Well 30mins to go ! Need 100 ones ! Time to party lol ! 
Well just made it home ! Had a wonderful night ! Time 4 bed cant wait till tomorrow evening more fun ahead ! 
On my way to new orleans ! Hope the rain stay put ! 
Trying to win some money @ harrah casino no luck so far ! 
Man im having a good damn time ! DrunlL as hell ! In new orleans 
Too drunk to drive < PROPMALE > 
well broke my phone ! need to get a repair quick ! 
cool just had a credit check with sprint ! Got approve for a new phone ! 5 days to go before I get it ! Back under contract again ! 
gd morning fb ! My new phone is coming today hope I luv it ! or it`s going back ! 
gd nite fb ! work in the morning ! 
well three hrs to go ! head home and get ready the saints game ! 
Went to Sprint and took my phone back and got a new one plus I had to sign a new contract and get a new phone number but i`m loving this new phone 
Sleepy but can't sleep only one working in the office tomorrow should be interesting ! 
About to head to sonic and get me a slushes 
I am having such a freaking bad day so far ! Someone please knock me the FL out ! Maybe when I wake up will be better ! 
Just left the beach ! Now I'm home bout to hit the in a few ! Work tomorrow ugh ! But it pays the bills ugg ! 
Stood by long enough ! Time to move up and get what`s mind and F__k u hating ass plps and u know who u are ! 
I have to get out this house ! I can`t take it no more ! I`m losing my F KIN mind ! 
Had a good time last night ! But all good things must come to a end ! Hope today be wonder ! 
I\ 
hate the fact that one of my friends that I consider to be one of the \ 
best friend I ever known for such a short period is moving away ! I \ 
thinks I will never meet no one quite like her again ! 
Well guess my weekend is reck since I got to work tomorrow ! I'm so tired of this ! But I'm going to make it though \ " , 201 0-0 9-25 00:38:52 " 
off the next couple dayz and it feels so good ! Now I'm wondering what ima do today ! 
TGIF ! I'm off ! 
It`s Saturday ! Back to work ! uggg 
My girlfriend\ 
sister just pass away and I had to be the one to tell the mother \ 
daughter that her mother just pass away ! It was the hardest thing that I\ 
ever had to do and I don't think I could ever do it again ! At least she\ 
in a better place now ! 
tired and sleepy goodnight fb friends if I can ! 
Bored ! But feeling excited about this coming weekend . Finally I don't have to leave town to have fun ! Heeyal ! I guess that's how it goes heeyal lol ! 
I can't believe some fool run me off the road in my car and I couldn't even get the tag number ! I'm so lucky ! I tell u there are some stupid driving ppls down here ! 
I am on a quest to get < PROPMALE > ! Will do whatever it takes to get there as long as it's not illegal ! 
heading to cruising the coast ! 
Just did my job interview and it went well ! Just waiting on Friday for the next step in the process ! 
I just pull 9hrs straight on my new job and now I'm sore and have to get up at 9 in the morning for my other job ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my fbfs ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas to all my fb friends ! 
About to hit the bed 
At work bored out my mind 
had a long night @ work last night now off to work again ! 
