Gone Boarding with some amazing people be back tonight 

Im gona miss home , But its time to go back 
n the road again 
going to be home March 27th to April 10th ! 
No more wisdom teeth , hope im just as wise 
No big deal , get on to a bird for an hour and get off ... 
Dont worry im going to die 
okay lets just go 
On my muther fucking way home 
just thought i was in the squad bay for a second 
Lcpl McCallum , < PROPFIRST > 3rd BN 1st Mar I CO Unit 40225 FPO AP 96427-0225 
Oregon tomorrow .... 
New toy and loving it , chilling in sandiego 
leaving monday 
when am i leaving !!!???? 
going to spain ! 
last day in the states tomorrow im going to kawait 
last day in the states tomorrow im going to kuwait 
LCpl McCallum , < PROPFIRST > 3rd BN 1st Mar I CO Unit 40225 FPO AP 96427-02254 
LCpl McCallum , < PROPFIRST > 3rd BN 1st Mar I CO Unit 40225 FPO AP 96427-02254 
LCpl McCallum , < PROPFIRST > 3rd BN 1st Mar I CO Unit 40225 FPO AP 96427-02254 Just a little update , im finally in afganistan , leaving on monday to where i will be for 7 months , i cant wait to hear from all of you , btw this vacation on the beach SUCKS theres no water ... but im getting a good tan ... around 75 degrees at night ... be jelous ... later 
< PROPFIRST > made it to Afghanistan safely . Found his first IED the other day . People can send him letters because he does not have internet access . 
< PROPFIRST > called around 8 pm last night . He is safe . He received mail from one person . More is welcome . He has no internet so please write him . His address is on his Info tab . 
< PROPFIRST > called us a few days ago ; he is safe and expecting to be out of communication for over a week . I am adding a note about \MotoMail\ " to his account it makes it easy for you to send him messages using a website . " 
< PROPFIRST > called us a few days ago . He's doing good . He appreciates the packages from those who have sent them . He needs school supplies for children for a school they are setting up so please consider sending him some . The information is on the info tab . 
I have the interenet for a couple hours each day for the next 7 days ... get at me 
< PROPFIRST > checked in with us by sat phone all is well . 
Gonna be home in about a month love and miss everyone . 
Starting my trip home ! 
plans right hand on right quick release , place left hand on left quick release squeeze untill they both click , shrug shoulders from front to back : how to properly drop pack 
place right hand on right quick release , place left hand on left quick release squeeze untill they both click , shrug shoulders from front to back : this is how to properly drop pack 
U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute this takes you to read , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military ... Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are ... in the milit ... ary ..., love a military member , a veteran , or appreciate our troops 
only get a couple of minutes on the internet at a time , plus the internet is SLOW please understand this , and i will be home soon enough ... well not soon enough ... but soon 
dispite wanting free time for the last 7 months , i want to be busy again . and not with stupid stuff when im suppost to be \decompressing\ " chain of command never fails to impress me " 
okay so i finally caught up with the times , i got a skype account , add me , john . w . j . mccallum i will prolly be taking the next month or two to switch all my contacts over 
Okay so its about that time , to almost go ... soon enough ill be freezing in -10 weather without my snowboarding gear .... anyone else see a problem ? 
Okay this is retared .... and thats all i have to say 
Take the time to say happy birthday to a < PROPFEMALE > , 235 today 
I want to thank all my fellow brothers who are serving , my prayers are with you . I am thankfull that im on my way home , but know that if you ever needed another gun i would join you in a heart beat . Never forget those who have fallen , never forget their families . 
beer , perfect breakfast 
okay so hotel party here , if you need a ride respond here ... or call 425 283 8801 , ill be on base in about 2 hours .... beer is here 
hit me up tonight yo 
feel great smell better 
I love being smart 
Dear deployment fuck you , whatever we had is OVER . \ 
P.S. nuke aftrashistan 
Im working ...? i think 
disney land .... yup 
ummm yeah some kinda classical and rock concert tonight ... should be interesting 
SNOWBOARDING !!! 
Had a great night with the guys ... ran outa beer , i guess im the champ of beer pong with team cock ram < PROPMALE > , thankyou < PROPMALE > 
and this is me off work for 25 days 
spark plugs ---> wires and cap and rotor ----> fuel injectors ----> catilitic converter ----> cracked exhaust manafold .... = FML 
its night night time 
MY ROOMATE WONT STOP SNORING !!! SO FUCKING LOUD !!!! 
Snowboarding and drinking ... Snowboarding fun ..... Drinking owwwwww 
Dear steelers :\ 
Maybe next time you will pay the refs more like you did when you played the seahawks .... the end 
I went to the pants party that wasn't any fun so I started the after\ no pants\ " party it was so much better " 
Libia .... Stand by my room I'll deal with you in a munute 
im hungry why wont someone feed me 
She's Prego !!!! 
Just so u knowtoday has been ab eventful April fools day 
I hate duty .. The end 
Happy reincarnation day 
I have a case of the Mondays ... 
Black hawks its time to go home luck only last so long 
just wana say it was a great series but its about time those hawks went home . Great job canucks ! 
That dumb bitch is dead 
A normal person has 1000 wishes , A SOLDIER or < PROPFEMALE > only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or one who is fighting , or fought for your freedom , please re-post in their honor . HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY 
Ask yourself what have you done today 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Handewith 
What you call personal space we call room for five more . 
pong who wants to play 
Libbo port horno 
Ship for two weeks ... not looking forward to it 
< PROPFIRST > Willium McCallum \ 
LCPL McCallum\ 
3/1 I CO WPNS PLT\ 
Unit 40225\ 
FPO AP 9661 0-0 225 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > McCallum \ 
skyrim 50% 
deployment day , see you in 7 months 
