DUDE i hadn't checked this since like wow lmao 

MMMMaaaaaaannnnnnn why is facebook so boring lol 
What does P . Diddy feel like when he wakes up in the morning ? 
whoooohoooo and nobody knowsss ittttttt ...... 
:'( 
man sometimes i never get over things >=| 
I could use a dream or a < PROPFEMALE > or a wish .... 
I wish we were all happy like we use to be in middle school . I wish I could bake a cake full of rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy\ 
\ 
SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE ! Do you even go to this school ? \ 
No .. I just have a lot of feelings .. 
Do it for the butterflies ! :) 
One more day till i leaveee ... 
Yay BEACH !!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Going back to WA tomorrow .. just 5 more days till im homee . yessss :) 
ssssssuummmmerrrr ....... <3 
Not a lot to do is there .. 
fantastic ... thanks to him :) 
spaghetti !!!!! mmmm :) <3 
YAYY :D nothing makes a day brighter than your dad handing you over two $20 bills ! Its bc i'm such a great daughter 
Just gunna stand there and watch me burn .. well thats alright because i like the way it hurts .. 
:) ......... 
i hate this town !!!!!!!!!! 
... wow im so jealous :/ i wonder if it'll ever happen for me 
its official , there's nothing to do on facebook at 2am . except stare at the pretty bright screen ....... 
school starts in almost a week .. and i haven't done my summer assignments ! noooo :( :( 
i'm like never awake this early . lol ! 
yayyy gunna buy shoes lol :) 
I love Paloma ! 
at least my dog loves me ... 
Thanks everyone for telling me happy bday :) i hope it is happy ! 
i had a greatt birthday thanks to youuu <3 
so i wait forever to get this bag i ordered .......... and it finally gets here .. and within the first 5 minutes of having it .. i already ruin it . ugh fml 
Oh i just love those days when everyone has a life except for me ... 
in another world for today ......... :) ... :( ... :/ 
I just felt like putting a status :) 
Just got home from taking senior pics .. Finally ! :) 
Well they say there's only one guy who's worth your tears .. hopefully it's this one .. 
I feel so much better ... Lets stay happy ? <3 
ughh i'm so sick :( i hope i feel better tomorrow .. 
home for 3 days sick ugh i feel like i'll never feel better .. and then my dog ran away .. but thankfully was found ! just not the greatest week 
So 2 things i hate : \ 
1 . I Hate when my computer half loads and at the bottom it says \Done\ " Ummm noo your not done ! I refresh 
Happy :) 
i want it to be a good day .... please be a good day please be a good day ! ughh 
:) <3 
i hope tacobell is the last meal i have before i die lol 
i just need somebody to loooooooooveeeeeeeeeeeee ! shutup < PROPFIRST > bieber your like 10 !! 
i'm soooooooooooooooo hunnnnnnnggggggryyyyyyyyy :( poor tummy 
it's been sooo perrtty outside for the past days ! thank you mother nature :D even though i look like a vampire 
my head hurts :( 
soooo ... i have no life 
i couldn't ask for anyone better !! :D 
oh noo < PROPFIRST > the platypus ! 
so full :) 
ahh ! my last homecoming !! :) 
aww a goofy movie ! poor goofy it's so sad :'( 
I hate checking my phone so much waiting ... Blah just gotta focus ... Have 3 pages done ... 
Haha wow why are all the seniors on this late haha 
1 pg and a half and i'm done .... hopefully this turns out to be a better day ... 
just got back from sats ! finally got that over with .. i'm starving time to eat 
Ahh no school ! but i have to finish my dumb senior paper .. blah 
i hate sundays ! especially sundays before finals .. 
Its ... SNOOOOOOOOOWINNNNGGGGGGGGG :) 
everything is so annoying to me sometimes .. blah 
Stupid school .. i wish i knew for sure it would still be regular schedule , then i could have slept in another hour :( not much to do at home at 8am .. lol 
One more day before Xmas Break .. :) 
guys suck sometimes :( 
he's leaving :'( 
Happy for a not really warm but not really cold , < PROPFEMALE > day :) 
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to , doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have .. :) 
I miss him :( 
uuuugggghhhhhhhh :/ 
I don't know .. :( 
I miss being a kid ! it's so stressful being a grown up .. i miss when i could just go play barbies all day .. it was so much easier to entertain yourself back then 
I'm excited ... :) 
2 days went by way too fast :( 
The only dreams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake :) 
Missing someone gets easier everyday because even though you are one day further from the last time you saw them , you are one day closer to the next time you will <3 
ugh applying and waiting to hear back from colleges is stressful .. im scared :( 
Am i the only one not watching the superbowl ? lol cartoons seem good at this time .. 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > in love ! <3 <3 
