Have a happy new year everyone :) 

New number . Message me to get it . Thanks peace 
New # ; message me to get it 
Its funny when people want things but won't come and get it lmao so yeah if u didn't get the new digits send me a msg 
I need someone who I can hold on to , someone who will always be true . Is that you ? 
Let's see , who is childish ? Life can be tricky don't burn you bridges you might just need them 
Okay so that means ...... 
Damn what to do , I need a hookup 
Anyone want to go out ? 
Hit me up , wanna go out text or msg me . 
........... 
What's poppin hit your boy up 
Where is life taking me ? 
What do you do when you don't have a alternate plan ? 
Going to the big apple , catch ya on the flip side ! 
Bronx , Manhattan , Queens , so much so awesome , New York baby ! 
Some ppl think they can do whatever cuz I'll still be there when they done playing their little game , surprise WRONG 
I need somebody to love 
I need somebody to love , to < PROPFEMALE > and care about . Any offers ? 
what to do , what indeed 
The end of the road 
Notice riders of the Lynx city bus , tomorrow 6-17-2010 in observance of public transit day all passengers ride for FREE ! 
Comment the pic , ride LYNX for free today . Have a wonderful day ! 
My turn I guess first ten to like can ask me anything 
happy friday 
Whats good ? 
Happy fathers day ! 
Its time .... it everything or nothing at all . I'm ready 
Twight eclipse tonight :-) 
Experience ... 
I'm done with the bullshit 
Only one life to live one true love to give , lord tell me why it has to be this way ? Why must we suffer must we feel so alone lose everything important what's the purpose ? The great reason , tell me why ? 
Would u date me ? Yes or no , inbox or comment 
girls , Tell the truth : would u date me ? Why or why not ? Comment or inbox . Be honest 
Peace , Love , and Happiness to all 
There's no one to blame , things will never be the same 
Awesome concert best part was it was with the crew fanitza and < PROPFIRST > , lights out like two days to recover but absolutely worth it ! 
Out and about , hmu 
Hibernation -- leave something 
Its funny , after all this time your still on my mind . I miss you 
okay T-Mobile official sucks !!! 
Okay to many people just talk when they need or want something . I'm not just hear for usage gonna start cutting users off 
If ur truly my friend , family , or like family like this status otherwise safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list . Tired of the games and foolishness 
So far only have 2 people staying on my friend list sad huh , If\ 
ur truly my friend , family , or like family like this status otherwise \ 
safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list . Tired of the \ 
games and foolishness . Ameisha and < PROPFEMALE > ignore update 
Still only 2 of 65 people staying on my friend list sad huh very sad , If ur truly my friend , family , or like family like this status otherwise safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list . Tired of the games and foolishness . Glad to know I have some true friends and like family in my life . 
Thank you to my friends and family that have like any of my last few status ' proving that I'm right about you few caring enough to go the extra mile :) I do understand there are other friends of mine that haven't for various reasons that care also 
I don't need you to understand that i love you , I need you to understand your loved 
Love is always there , you just have to find it :) 
Got a phone again , thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
its never to late to find love , just stay strong 
Is it wrong to care and worry more for someone more then you do yourself ? need some answers help me out facebook 
Tonight I say to my dear teen females , please respect yourself , your body and remember that you ARE worth it all . Don't settle for less :-) 
.. have you ever met that one person you like , but aren't quite sure why .. someone you cant quite find a place for in your life , but you KNOW you want them there ? or someone you want in your life , but dont know how to get them there ? yea ? Im there with You ! 
You do good help others and what do I get from it . A lot of crap ! :-( 
Hitting the bed , goodnight all 
eating a bowl of almost beyond saving chips :p 
Hmm , what did I do ? 
Don't you understand that I care about you ? Your more than just a girl who needs a little support , your special and unique . You ... 
I feel changed and i'm not sure that I like it :/ 
Can't sleep , stuck in the past .... 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN TO ALL YOU TO GROWN TRICK OR TREATERS 
Hello , how is everyone ? 
Happy no more politics day lol 
Im going under without pause , Giving up on the silver lining . Tired of the game , tired of losing . 
Hey , what's up ? 
ha ha i havent had to login to this is so long i forgot my password 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
happy birthday to Quincee , enjoy it 
Hope everyone has a great weekend 
There's always room for love , you just have to move a few things around 
This dog is dog a dog good dog way dog to dog keep dog an dog idiot dog busy dog for dog 30 dog seconds dog ..... now read without the word dog 
Friends .... that's all we will ever be again 
Skype anyone ? Dusty . Knight319 
Number game anyone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
hope everyone had a wonderful christmas !! 
Friday ... YES 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
So birthday is friday , hmmm 19 im so old 
So umm its still two hours away but what the hell , HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!!!! Yes 19 woot woot . So yeah send the love txt it 407-668-7536 . Also on a related by day note Happy birthday to Bionca < PROPMALE > !!! 
19 ... Damn i am so old lol but yeah happy birthday to me and also to bionca < PROPMALE > . So yeah send me love txt it 407-668-7536 . PEACE 
Hope all my friends and family are safe and sound , stay safe you guys 
Like me status and\ 
If you are 1st - I will answer any question you want\ 
2nd - I will confess something to you\ 
3rd - I will tell you how i feel about you truthfully 
Get better soon Jamia :) 
Kat Meche Bull officially sucks 
Peace 
Weekend :) 
Aldrick < PROPFIRST > needs to call because his chat isnt working right 
Tell me why I always fall for your type 
Happy Vday !!!! 
To my loves :) < PROPFEMALE > Fevrier , KTeesha Greenwood , Ameisha < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Kapri < PROPMALE > , Fanitza Noriega , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Vincetta Dunnell and Kat Meche Bull ... i wish you all a wonderful loving < PROPFIRST>'s day :) 
Attention all who have my number , it is no longer a valid contact for me . Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause . I will still connect through facebook and will update with a new contact number at a later time 
Ever get the feeling be good ain't such a good thing ? 
Dear Wednesday , forget tuesday come on down and start your day now not later 
Breaking down , breaking up 
Time to sit back and let life take its natural course of actions . People about to realize I'm tired of the games the foolishness the overall usage of me . I'm done 
Goodbye February it wad fun .... Helloo MARCH . Damn already the third month of 2011 , this year is flying by hella fast 
If u truly don't want me as a friend , just another number on ur superficial friends list so u can have 500 1000 or 1500 friends , never gonna talk to me or nothing . DELETE YOURSELF FROM MY LIST 
if you love me , ( comment on this status )\ 
if you think I'm a good friend , ( like this status )\ 
if you hate me , ( message me and tell me why )\ 
if you ever had a crush on me , be honest , ( poke me )\ 
if your not scared , ( make this your status ) 
