My New Years Resolution is to remember that the ONLY thing in the entire world I have control of is myself and my actions . Absolutely nothing else . Aaah freedom . 

is bored & hot ... 
\My career .... one word ....... Magical diarrhea . \"" 
I want a baby camel 
: Inspired . 
Going to work , what a strange new sensation this is . 
I forgot to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me ... 
Holy dead extremely talented famous people ! 
Attn : PAINKILLERS ARE FUCKING DANGEROUS PEOPLE ! It's not all fun and games . Deaths resulting from painkiller abuse are at an all time high ... get the word out . 
: Is wishing someone would kill that sound of a cat dying that is Miley < PROPMALE > singing ... 
wants to marry < PROPMALE > Dyrdek 
If you wait , good things do come . Maybe years later once you are on the right track but they come ! 
A little < PROPMALE>'s World before work , awesome . 
Crack the shutters open wide , I want to bathe you in the light of day . 
Hanging out with a baby is like hanging out with a really , really small and really , really hammered person 
is working the overnight shift . 
Off to work I go ... 
cannot get with it today .......................... 
I used to want to be a hippie then I became one and realized I smelled bad and had a drug problem . 
has a sprained finger , Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
has a toothache from hell 
is Forever Young 
errands , pool with Bran , meeting in Owatonna , see spons's new place and get down and dirty with the 4th step . 
keeps going over these same days of this week last year trying to see if there was anything I could've have done differently , pointless but I do it all the same ... 
: I do know , where you go , is where I wanna be . 
A Day for Mourning ... 
Miss you bro , its been a whole year yet seems just like yesterday ... Andrew Bongers 4.10.80 - 8.18.08 XOXO 
Had a one night stand with a cat last night ( just cuddling ya pervs ) 
Gull Lake here weeeeee comeeeee ! 
Is in a fight with a pickle jar 
Is all out of sorts this week . 
Maybe , in the future , you're gonna come back , gonna come back around 
Ok , no hopefully I will be an aunt by noon ..... this is taking forever . Hurry up baby < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is officially an aunt ... welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Riemann ! 
If it's lonely where you are , come back down . 
:: bad dreams ........... 
had a great day off .... did absolutely nothing then dinner with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > Coughlin and now Weeds . 
Prays to see herself as God see's her . 
already has a f*ing cold ........... 
Loves rainy days . 
For what its worth , it was worth all the while . 
Is shooting guns and holding babies , awesome Sunday . 
Isn't in Kansas anymore ... no I literally just got home from Kansas . 
Whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of me , or any . When finished , paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life , you'll be a < PROPFEMALE > , in someone else's sky . 
IS ONE YEAR CLEAN AND SOBER , Today ! 
Has the best guy . Happy 3 years love ! 
Would pay to have someone update my profile for me , its about 5 years old . 
Climbing trees in the dark is dangerous ... note to self : put deer stand up when its light out . 
Deer : 1 , Ali : 0 
will be calling you to see , if you're sleeping are you dreaming , if you're dreaming are you dreaming of me ... 
Has been held captive in her house all day by her own stupidity . I cannot , for the life of me , find my car key ................ 
is sick as a dog ....... 
is stunned and perplexed and not in the good way . 
just . wants . to . stop . thinking . 
wishes Judd Apatow created the world . 
Why do I like grocery shopping so much ? I think its odd that I do . Not that I do it often , but I get really excited when I do . Maybe I should add it to my list of hobbys . 
would like to stop being siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick . 
unfortunately my job doesn't have snow days . 
I will be COMPLETELY HONEST for 24 HOURS ... You can ask me ONE question ( only in my INBOX ) ANY question , no matter what it is . There is no ulterior motive ; you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to make this your status , and see what questions you get . 
Loves her new early christmas present from < PROPFIRST > ! Yay a laptop for me ! 
So I made it to the cemetary today . I sat in your truck , listening to your cd's and stared at your grave . It hurt like hell . 
I never thought I'd say this but sometimes I wish I still lived at 15251 Pleasant Valley Rd . 
MEEEEEEEEERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ... I'll be at work . 
Making Christmas tacos .... I just added the Christmas part cuz its the holiday season , they are actually just regular tacos . 
So much fun last night ! Great way to ring in 2011 ! 
Ugh I really don't want to get off my couch and go to work today .... 
Did some damage at MOA today and now having some serious buyers remorse . 
Bedtime 
This is heartbreak warfare . 
is sleeeeeeepy 
is Happy . 
You know what's scary ? When you are at home by yourself watching Paranormal State for like 3 hours and then suddenly your TV turns off all by itself and FREAKS YOU THE FUCK OUT ... until you realize that you had set the sleep timer earlier in case you fell asleep during said TV watching . Ugh . 
damn you fishing trip , damn you . 
' s tooth hurts , lips are chapped and she misses that one guy that lives with her . 
and I'm a million different people from one day to the next .... 
I'm a little more country than that . 
My landlord ( who also happens to be my dads friend ) just caught me in my bra and underwear as I got clothes from the laundry room/his 2nd garage storage space . I knew I was taking chances and that it would happen someday , just didn't know today would be that day ............. cripes . 
I just enjoy reading peoples statuses ... thats all I want when I'm bored , well really even when I'm not . 
It's just me and my 5 month old neice who hates me for a good 5 hours tomorrow . We're either going to hug or scream this out < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I <3 you ! 
Meeting time , with a favorite ! Soooo happy . Had a great lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Coughlin earlier ... back to the grind tomorrow . 
Sooo how come I can see when ppl are viewing my profile now , did I do something or did they ? Either way this makes me hesitate my daily stalking ritual , not that it will deter me in any way , shape or form . Don't lie , you know you do it too . 
is being uber lazy today and loving it . 
Is watching The Hurt Locker and this is almost too suspenseful to continue watching ... I can't even imagine ... 
loves monkeys and high fives . 
' s eyeballs hurt . The Dr. just thoroughly assaulted them . I can't believe they let me leave the office like that .... fun though . 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . 
Sometimes it feels like I live alone and I hate it . 
Loves the rain and fog ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > lking bout ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes , it was honestly the best birthday ever ! 
The basis of shame is not some personal mistake of ours , but the ignominy , the humiliation we feel that we must be what we are without any choice in the matter , and that this humiliation is seen by everyone . - < PROPMALE > Kundera 
Fine , I'll join the bandwagon ... How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can ... really be . 
17 months and I'm a dumbass who can't count ..... 
Just watched The Men Who Stare at Goats and all I want to do now is take some LSD and stop being confused . I want that hour and a half back NOW ! 
is restless tonight . 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > Bongers , The Bongers Family and everyone else who was involved and their families . < PROPMALE > needs your prayers to save his life <3 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFEMALE > in there , we love you ! 
Such is the way of the world You can never know Just where to put all your faith And how will it grow Gonna rise up Burning back holes in dark memories Gonna rise up Turning mistakes into gold Such is the passage of time Too fast to fold And suddenly swallowed by signs Lo and behold Gonna rise up Find my direction magnetically Gonna rise up Throw down my ace in the hole . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Joseph ... It would've been your 30th birthday today . I am eternally grateful for the time we had with you and the memories that are left . Love you bro , see you when my work here is done . 
Is braindead tonight . Must . Go . To . Sleep . 
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living . -Cicero , < PROPMALE > T . 
Is feeling homicidal right now ... 
Has had it about up to here ( motioning really really high above head ) with this job . 
Uh Oh , Redbull on an empty stomach ... you know what that means . 
Our prayers have been answered yet again . Somberly today let's give thanks to God for the closure he has blessed us with . Our hearts are with the Landsverk's today . 
Sorry everyone . I may have spoken too soon in my anticipation of what appeared to be the end of all this . I am utterly apologetic yet still hopeful for c 
Needs to find a new apt ..... ugh . 
I'm not superstitious I'm just a little stitious ... - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Is it 10:15 yet ??? 
Why do I care about people I shouldn't and don't want to care about ? This frustrates me . 
Just realized that today is my 18 months sober . Crazy . 
Wearing my Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles t-shirt ... Today is gonna be a good day ! 
Loves having the laughs back at work , its about damn time ! 
All goodbye's are just temporary in the end , but still a bummer in the meantime . 
I ate a whole bunch of fiberglass insulation , it wasn't cotton < PROPFEMALE > like that guy said .... My stomach's itchy . 
Looking at a house .... Oh the possibilities ! 
Crumbs and Sparkles . 
I AM OUTRAGED ! ATTENTION EVERYONE---There's sites SPOKEO.com and ZABASEARCH.com and they are online phone book/search sites that has pictures that you have posted on facebook , addresses , phone < PROPFIRST > , credit score , profession , home value income , # of children , profession , age , interests ..... Remove yourself by the Privacy button on the bottom right on their website . SHARE THIS and REPOST . 
Watching The Office with Kat is the highlight of my day ! 
UPDATE : watching Glee with Kat is the highlight of my day . 
Is geeking out right now . 
<3 One Sweet Day <3 
Oh My Goodness ... I survived ! Now just 3 more 10 hour overnights in a row plus a 9-noon staff meeting shoved in there to go . Let's hope I can retain some shred of sanity by the end ! 
Is starting to feel like a vampire working all these overnight shifts ... 
Going kayaking down the river with < PROPMALE > B . and my papa ! Cross your fingers that I don't flip ' er ! 
Is wondering if anyone will be heading back to fbo from the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > tourney before 2pm on Sunday ? 
Hello Summer ... We meet again . 
Is waaay too hyper for this time of night ! Aaaah ! 
Aaaaah ... Home Sweet Bed . 
So frustrated with my phone right now ... I'm gonna kill it . 
No gas , no cell phone , no check card but FANTASTIC friends who have saved the day ! 
So incredibley frustrated with Blackberry right now , its unbelievable . I am now convinced that they make you update software that doesn't work so that you are forced to buy a new phone . 
Bedtime , sunburnt , excited to shop and get together with some of my favorite lovely ladies tomorrow ! 
Waitin ' , watchin ' the clock , it's four o'clock , it's got to stop\ 
Tell him , take no more , she practices her speech\ 
As he opens the door , she rolls over ... \ 
Pretends to sleep as he looks her over 
I <3 SUMMER ! 
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . 
is not a happy camper right now . 
is finally getting excited ! 
Going to be off the grid for a few days .... yay . 
Does my love ever touch you ? Does my love ever reach you ? It's never enough , ah , is it ever enough ? 
Love is not enough . It must be the foundation , the cornerstone -- but not the complete structure . It is much too pliable , too yielding . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Who's coming with me ?? 
Goin Goin , to to , Cali Cali .... would've said back but I've never been . SO EXCITED ! 
has a heavy heart today . 
Meeting . Shower . Catch up with old bestie . Wake . Work again . Sleep . I hope my day goes in this order . 
Today I'm going to cry , I am going to mourn and I am going to grieve without feeling ashamed . I am going to remember you and reflect . I love you and miss you just the same as the day you left . <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bongers 4/10/80-8/18/2008 <3 Love , Chubs . 
Disturbed that there is a Lake Pacid 3 coming out , even more disturbed that I've actually seen the first two . < PROPFIRST > Bossmann this is all your fault . 
Why am I up at this crazy hour you ask ? It's a little thing I like to call SSRI Discontinuation Syndrome and it sucks . Bad < PROPFIRST > . Note to self , get prescriptions refilled on time . 
has no idea why she's awake . 
I swear I was not meant to have a phone ... RIP phone #4 of this year ... ( This also means fb is my only mode of communication right now if I am at home and fyi I'm too lazy to check it often . ) 
Wish me luck tomorrow . 
is so very genuinely happy right now ! 
Had a nice little weekend with the Bri-ski . 
Ok cold , you have proven your point . Stop making me miserable now . 
Is happy she lives on a hill today .... 
First day on the new job was fantastic ! Also , I love Zach Braff . 
is thankful and grateful . God is going to get an earful tonight ! 
Is seeing red . 
Friday , I like you . 
Damn fall/winter , I think I'm getting sick again . This blows , unlike my nose . 
Your grace is wasted in your face , your boldness stands alone among the wreck . 
Best Week Ever ! ( Except for right now where I have to be at work early ) 
Narcissim : You can't believe everything is your fault unless you also believe you are all-powerful . 
What an awesome Sunday with Miss < PROPFEMALE > and Miss Brandi .... oh and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Feels deathly sick . No bueno . 
Come on 5 O'Clock , lets be swift about this so I can crumple back into my bed . 
Bad . Day . 
Is it the full < PROPFEMALE > ??? What is going on here ?! As stated this morning , I am now going to crumple into my bed , headfirst , to end this horrendous day . ( Yes , I am being dramatic , but I hardly EVER have bad days like this . ) Done . Now off to make a mental gratitude list and talk with the big man upstairs , a sure cure . 
To top off my rough week , I got a call at work yesterday that my mom had a stroke or a heart attack . Turned out to be a mini-stroke . No damage . However things have been getting better ever since , I think that was the worst of it . Now back to happy < PROPFIRST > land . Thaaaaank Goodness . 
Squish Mitten , hahahahahaha . Original . 
Things to be noted this week ... Been free of my addiction for TWO whole years now ! Also , of equal importance , < PROPFIRST > has put up with me for FOUR years today ! Ha . 
Is Snooki snookered out ! Great night ! 
DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER Hunting ! Already saw 5 girl deer . Now just waitin ' to cross paths with the big one , and to make < PROPFIRST > cry . 
Epic evening at Epic ! 
To Write Love On Her Arms . 
Today God called one of the good ones back home . I will forever miss your sweetness , your smile that lit up a whole room and your laughter . My prayers go out to all the people who love and care for you and especially your family . Take care < PROPFIRST > , we will catch up when I get there . <3 <3 <3 
Tonight was full of tears , laughs , memories , good friends , true friends and new beginnings . I am thankful for so much today ! 
F you Kid Rock for your catchy , crappy lyrics that get stuck in my head all day and make me want to punch myself .... 
I am a sucker for games . Even though I am terrible at the majority of them . So I will now be playing that < PROPFIRST > fad game going ' round . Jumpin on the bandwagon because I might be good at this here game . Haha . Inbox me your number . 
About a Hundred : You complete me . I am actually amazed we weren't friends earlier because I feel like I've known you my whole life . You've helped me through so much without even realizing it . You are one of the most selfless people I know ... and \ 
F%@*ing hilarious ! You are family and I am forever grateful to have you in my life . Maybe IT happened to bring us this friendship . I love you ya nerd ! 
#1 : You were on of my first best friends , we grew up together and have learned a lot about life together . We let life and our own selfishness get in the way of our friendship at one point but learned a valuabled lesson from doing so . I understand you and you understand me in a way not many do . I am glad we are back on track and love the heck outta you ! 
#1 Continued : I don't tell you what you want to hear but I am always honest with you . I know I can confide anything to you and you won't judge me . Your kookiness and laugh are infectious . You are a coyboy bucko and I am hernia girl . We love chocolate and pickels as well as grandpas saying entirely inappropriate things ... XOXO 
is 85% sure she has strep . Again . Yaaay ....................... 
Snow , snow and more snow . 
Turns out , I'm awesome at driving in blizzards . Especially without 4 wheel drive . It's true . 
I don't wanna ......... 
Mornings . After 2 weeks off . Rough . 
Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end . 
Anyone have an old ( or new ) blackberry phone they wanna give away or that I could buy ? 
Might be getting sick again , really really hope not . 
Got a new phone so now I get service at my place ! FI-NA-LLY ! 
[ POKE ]; me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .? \ 
[ LIKE ]; this status if you think I'm a good friend . :) \ 
[ MESSAGE ]; me if you ever wanted a relationship with me , and i wont tell a soul .? \ 
[ COMMENT ]; On this if we've had some good memories . :) \ 
NOW LETS SEE WHOSE BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS ON THEIR STATUS :) ? 
It's gonna be a loooooooooong day . 
Just took a 3 hour napsky . Must've needed some sleep .... 
Me : \How was your trip ? Was it colder than F#@ *?\" \ 
Hopes today will go by swiftly . The faster the better . 
Prayers of comfort today going out to the friends and family that need them the most .... 
I close both locks below the window\ 
I close both blinds and turn away\ 
sometimes solutions aren't so simple \ 
sometimes goodbye's the only way \ 
\ 
and the sun will set for you\ 
the sun will set for you \ 
and the shadow of the day\ 
will embrace the world in gray \ 
and the sun will set for you . 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Flintrop . The wedding was beautiful ! 
Goodness gracious .... 
Is starting to tire of facebook . Same stuff , different day . 
Worked all weekend , then almost rolled the tahoe on the way home last night . Have yet to get it out . However this snow day pretty much makes up for it ! 
< PROPFIRST > is sick for the first time ever in our near 4 1/2 yr relationship . I haven't slept at all going on 36 hours straight bc everytime I fall asleep I stop breathing . Went to the dr and am on a steroid . Praying for a miracle tonight , I would much rather go to work tomorrow than an ENT . Monday blows . 
Wolf-Parkinsons-White attack averted . Heart meds and aspirin saved the day . Very tired now and sick of all this random medical business as of late ... 
\I've made a lot of empty promises in my time but that was by far the most generous . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
