HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! My resolution : be a better person , love those who havn't hurt me , forgive those who have . If they dont wanna b my friend , i will say thats their fault , but i will NEVER forget the great memories we had together . I forgive you ! 

So far my resolution is working as planned ! SWEET ! i have forgiven all those who hurt me and are talkin 2 a few of them now ... so YAY , GO NEW ME ! lovin life and livin good ... hey , thats a good saying , its mine . NO1 can take it !!! please ... lol 
R.I.P. J.E.T. I LOVE U MY BROTHER !!! 
I miss him so much , i wish he never left 
birthday !!!! 
likes my new fone ALOT ! 
I AM REALLY REALLY SORRY !!!! A.R. 
I HATE MY LIFE RIGHT NOW ... SO MANY BAD THINGS HAPPENING ! 
wants 2 b with her but knows she's not ready ... SO CONFUZZLED !!! 
doesn't know wat 2 do anymore !! 
I HATE LOVE !!!! IT STINKS AND HURTS , ALOT !! 
is actually ok with it i'm surprised ! i still <3 u AR 
YAY , i don't have 2 b sad !!! 
is fb , online latin and texting ... i kno i'm surprised 2 ! Who knew i could multi-task 
Goin 2 the game with Missi Dorff 
ugh 
i hate pressure washing !!! i ALWAYS cut my toes open !!!! 
grrrr !!!!! i lost my fone last night and now my rents wont re activate my other 1 cuz they think my grades are bad !!!!!! UUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i lost my fone lastnight , need < PROPFIRST > ... if i can have ur # message it 2 me . 
can i have ur # , no really , can i have it ? i lost my fone ... plez 
can i have ur # , can i have it ? no 4 serial , can i have it , i lost my fone ... plez 
Im sorry ! I just want this to stop ! 
just chillin @ home ... 
can i have ur # , no rli , if u dont think i have it give it 2 me please 
is lonely ... 
A CHORUS CONVO : \if milk comes from chocolate cows and chocolate milk comes from brown cows what about the pink milk\ " \ " comes from the pink cows in california ... no make that the pink bull ... from california\ " mr. < PROPMALE > said " 
A CHORUS CONVO : \if milk comes from chocolate cows and chocolate milk comes from brown cows what about the pink milk\ " \ " comes from the pink cows ... no make that the pink bull ... from california\ " mr. < PROPMALE > said " 
< PROPFEMALE > ( almost ) CHRISTMAS !!!! 
I'm not a perfect person there's many things I wish I didn't do but I continue learning I never meant to do those things to you and so , I have to say before I go that I just want you to know I've found a reason for me to change who I used to be , a reason to start over new , and the reason is you 
I'm sorry that I hurt you , it's something I must live with every day and all the pain I put you through , I wish that I could take it all away and be the one who catches all your tears . That's why I need you to hear I've found a reason for me to change who I used to be , a reason to start over new and the reason is you 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! My resolution : be a better person , love those who havn't hurt me , forgive those who have and if they dont wanna b my friend i will try to forget them , but i will NEVER forget the great memories we had together . I forgive you ! 
had the best night hes had in a long time , thanx !!!! ( not what u may think , NOT sexual at all !!! ) 
The geese @ perkins are REALLY MEAN they attacked me lastnight and i had 2 kick it away(not kicked hard , i promise , just 2 get him away ... ) 
i HATE BEIN STUCK AT HOME ALL NIGHT ALL ALONE !!! ne1 wanna come over or do something ? 
cant wait 2 hopefully c her on sunday ! 
i just got 1 GB of entire musicals sheet music !! thanx < PROPMALE > !!! 
i miss her !!! I GOT ACCEPTED 2 FLORIDA SOUTHERN COLLEGE !!!! No ... not USF 
Wish i could find someone ... 
... lonely , regretting all of my mistakes in the past . Moving forward is the only choice i have , and only one thing is keeping me going . People saying that i cant do something , because there is nothing sweeter than doing something someone says you cant do ! So bring it on , im ready to prove people wrong ... 
I hurt my knee yesturday , jammed my finger 2day ! What is next ?? 
NEW YORK 2MORROW !!!! YAY !! 
NY is amazing 
On my way back 2day 
< PROPFEMALE > , nao ha ninguem mais bela que voce e eu vou te amar para sempre nao importa o que aconecta ! 
Te amo voce < PROPFEMALE > Pinheiro !!! 
U r the sun and I am the < PROPFEMALE > . We r so alike and so close , yet so far apart . I might b away from u , but baby , u r my all ! I shine by ur existance and I fade away with ur absence ! U r my warmth and I'm aimless without ur love pulling me back 2 u again ! I just hope she forgives me , but as long as she's happy I am 2 ... Ily LP ! 
BORED !! anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > or talk to me my # is ( 321 ) 695-8729 ... I HATE BEIN BORED 
I just watched the Hunchback of Notre Dame ! I miss that movie 
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon , but that we wait so long to begin it . 
Life is like a hot bath . It feels good while you’re in it , but the longer you stay in , the more wrinkled you get 
It's all for you , all I've done I'd do again\ 
From deep inside , all my life , I'm living in\ 
From right to wrong , back to right to wrong again\ 
It's just a stage , a played out script to this\ 
From being true , to being used is how we live\ 
But you don't have to be like them ( you don't have to be like them)\ 
You don't have to be like them\ " , 201 0-0 7-03 18:42:56 " 
\To everything in life that has an end\ 
The circumstances of ones birth are irrelevant it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are . 
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say will be misquoted and used against you ! 
Headed back 2 < PROPMALE > 2day ! 
head for college on saturday ! havent started packing yet ... 
Leave for school on Saturday !!! dont start till thursday i think ... 
mom made me cut my hair short ... :'( 
IN MY DORM !! YAY !!! 
so yesturday my friend was on the phone with his mother and i guess she asked him if he was eating healthy . he says \Yes mom im eating healthy\ " then takes a bite of his icecream " 
talkin to cleverbot ... \Who is < PROPMALE > cruise ? \ " Cleverbot says \ " i dont know any women named james ... \ " i thought this thing was supposed to be clever . " 
if you have my # text me with ur name cuz i got a new phone 
SO EXCITED TO GO HOME ON THE WEEK OF THE 10TH !!! Just warning < PROPFEMALE > High School lol ! 
Cathy : \She was in disbelief . Me : displeaf ??? WTF ? " 
Cathy : \she was in disbelief\ " Me : \ " displeaf ?? What the heck is that ?!?! \"" 
IN < PROPMALE > !!! 
felt so good to see you guys at church ! i miss you 
for every dollar a man makes , a woman makes 70 cents . That doesnt make sense and thats not fair , the mans only left with 30 . 
In < PROPFIRST > 3:16 it says God so loved the world that he sent his only son , His ONLY son . The church also teaches that we are all Gods children . So it seems that in God's eyes we are all a bunch of girls 
Can't wait for lighting design tomorrow !! 
if anyone at at FSC is taking the Intro to Sociology class i can < PROPFEMALE > you my book 
had a good day today , aside from my foot ... 
does anyone have a Psych and the Natural World book that they don't need anymore ?? ? 
Changed my schedule like 5 times and I think I FINALLY got a good one ! 
Heard < PROPMALE > Laskos did a great job as Jesus ! Congrats < PROPMALE > . Good job to everyone else too , i hope i can see it sometime . 
OMG tonights Jekyll and Hyde performance was AMAZING !!!! 
If your someone who has nothing to do on this or next weekend , come to this : Florida Southern College Presents Jekyll and Hyde the Musical . it is AMAZING !! especially come if you are someone in < PROPMALE > cause i know you miss me ! 
sleep then get ready for spring break ! 
Had a great time skiing in Montana , sad to leave tomorrow ! 
world . And when you find her , you fight for her . You risk it all , you put her in front of everything , your life , all of it . And maybe the stuff you do to help her isn't so clean . You know what ? It doesn't matter . Because in your heart you know , that the juice is worth the squeeze . That's what moral fiber's all about . ~ The Girl Next Door 
Moral fiber . So , what is moral fiber ? It's funny , I used to think it was always telling the truth , doing good deeds , basically being a stupid boy scout . But lately I've been seeing it differently . Now I think moral fiber's about finding that one thing you really care about . That one special thing that means more to you than anything else in the 
YAY ! late night in the theater AGAIN 
