is surprised that he isn't more tired than he is . 

was looking at floor plan software , and thinks The Sims is under-priced . 
the Left Behind PC game is a load of B.S. 
is gone campin ' till Sunday . 
had a wonderful weekend . 
ate way too much . 
loves discovering cool bands on Pandora . Aswad 
forgot how much he liked Disney's Hercules . 
is gonna be in < PROPFEMALE>'s posse , but < PROPFIRST>'s aunt likes nuts in her fudge . 
needs to find something to do . 
is trying to figure out the optimum way to run a skill tree system . 
' s sleep patterns are pretty much non existent . 
My god . Myspace now has email . Does anyone even use Myspace anymore ? 
is bored . Who saw that coming ? 
is thinkin halloween hobo . Opinions ? 
is cleaning for an early Thanksgiving . Woo . 
facebook easter egg : up up down down left right left right b a enter right-click 
I'm feeling really blah blah , I want to blah blah blah 
Shut up woman , get on my horse . 
hates himself sometimes . 
too much potato ... 
is developing cabin fever . 
chopped it off , and now wonders if it makes him less of a man . 
loves finding out about random movies online and having them turn out to be great . I recomend The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus . 
My parents are addicted to vidja games . 
logical with creative aspirations . 
? ou ? ? ? ¿ ? sod s ??? o ? ? u ? od ? ????? s ? 
don’t you wish there were a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence ? There’s one marked ‘Brightness , ’ but it doesn’t work . 
is learning how to make decisions . 
just loves seasonal allergies . 
' s dad is the greatest . =] 
sour cream on boiled potatoes . 
To anyone who reads this , I love you . 
There are only 12 Cylon models . 
Oh rain , how I have missed thee . 
is extremely bored . 
Just finished working concessions at the stadium . 
Oh ! Edo Rocket . 
Why is chivalry dead ? Is it due to a lack of quality males , or do females just not want to be treated like ladies ? 
Day of the Dumpster . 
is beyond bored . 
. . . interesting 
really hopes the twins don't get rained out tonight , and if they do , that they also get rained out tomorrow . 
When all else fails , watch Mythbusters . 
You think the only people who are people\ 
Are the people who look and think like you\ 
But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger\ 
You'll learn things you never knew you never knew 
Now I told ya Hannibal , I ain't gettin ' on no airplane . 
is enjoying The Boondocks . 
Judoflip . Chop , chop , chop . 
Is it wrong that I like A Pimp Named Slickback ? 
Just watched a little spider take down a little ladybug . It was a little startling at first , but pretty cool by the end . That's life . 
is quite bored . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Glitter Freeze 
wishes life came with an instruction < PROPMALE > . 
is finding lost memories through pictures . 
Facebook Uploader and tagging mass amounts of pictures suck . 
is leaving for Pennsylvania tomorrow . 
is officially home . 
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do 
Hit me again , Tubesock . Let's Go !! 
needs something to do tonight . 
can't seem to . . . 
Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then he is not omnipotent . Is he able , but not willing ? Then he is malevolent . Is he both able and willing ? Then whence cometh evil ? Is he neither able nor willing ? Then why call him God ? 
sommeil , ???, ??, slaap , schlaf , ?????, alvás , codladh , sonno , ??, ??, ????, spa ?, ?????, sueño , usingizi , ??????????, uyku , ng ?, sleep 
commercials hurt my brain . 
Finally has shelves in his room . 
Boring day . Next two aren't looking too much better . =/ 
hide your kids , hide your wife and hide your husband cuz they're rapin errbody out here 
so tired . 
has had no sleep for the past 3 nights . Hopefully tonight's not number 4 . 
Well that answers that question . 
makes delicious smoothies . Ask my dad if you don't believe me . 
No Car + No Job = No Fun For < PROPFIRST > 
is bouncin ' off the walls . 
First night at the new job went well . Bring it #2 . 
2 down , hopefully many more to go . 
Changing a flat tire in this weather sucks < PROPMALE > balls . 
Remember , remember the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason , why the gunpowder treason , should ever be forgot . 
Cheese curds , enough said 
Made fudge . Pretty good . Thinkin ' ' bout deep fryin ' it . Damn that sounds good . 
The smell comes through the pokéball . 
