pixi where have you been all my life ... glad I chose you over 8330.yes.so glad . 

at the shop ... stop in today and say hi !! 4441 N . Broadway 
life is what i made it , not you.so you can't say otherwise.so HA ! 
Jackson ... now Mays ... gosh ... what is the world gonna do . 
pretty sure my feet are killing me today . 
Survived a Final Destination-esq accident last night ... included black night , sparks , lots of blood , a firetruck , two ambulances , and too many close encounters with death . all this happening at 3am on I-65 . You can't even believe how blessed I am , how we all w 
Well , here is life . Hope you like it . 
it's an awkward feeling when you realize people move on without you . goodnight . 
So my phone was either quit texting me or send hateful texts to the D-bag that stole it . 
OK ... so i got my new phone .... please message me your < PROPFIRST > of willing ones . 
crackheads with knives and police brutality was the first thing i saw this morning when i got to work .... oh the wonders of Uptown . haha . 
Yep it's gonna happen . Whether most like it or not . I am tired of denying myself the beauty of it . If you don't like it , turn your head , but I doubt you won't be able to do anything but feast your eyes upon it . Ink doesn't affect brain cells , I am still t 
So my life is about to get a bit more interesting ... like i need any more interest . 
Getting ready to sit down in the chair 
Still in this place by myself , and trying to get home . 
Realizing there are too many days where I don't know what to do with myself or the things that go through my heart and head . 
Is almost there ... a couple more books , about 50 hours of solitude left , and I might be able to handle a conversation with someone without breaking down . Sometimes I wish I lived in a cave in the Andes with just a goat and a lamp to keep me sane . 
is needing to find a good book soon or my heart is going to implode . 
Needing to really get all this out and about . Tired of the responsibility of holding . 
Needing to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone other than my DVD player . anyone interested ? haha 
Had an amazing time last night .... thank you King . Never thought helping someone move furniture would be so fun . and we ended up going to my favorite place !... you are alright in my book . 
thinking today is so gorgeous with all the rain . and slow day at the shop , and an awesome friend at my side . 
Just wanting to go home . away from everyone . please . 
LIfe is ridiculous right now , I am excited to see how things turn out , but lets just say , I have something very awesome waiting for me at the end of it , all i have to do is actually apply myself . and keep pushing forward . 
Going to Cavalia .... thank you mucho < PROPMALE > . 
IT WAS AMAZING !!!!! 
I am in a ridiculously awesome mood . Thank you peoples . 
so i think the saddest thing I saw in humanity today happened on the bus . 
feeling achey ... wanna cuddle ? 
slept 16 hours last night , and I plan on doing the same today.no joke . 
Going to the RockHouse Tonight . 
At the shop , currently listening to a band called Nashville Pussy ??? / talkabout awkward ... but very nice music ... awesome vocals . 
is happy ?... and surprised to have discovered this . 
Wanting to be hanging with you .... 
Here today . Here tomorrow . Guess where I will be the day after ? 
Is extremely happy with how things in my life have turned out , and am very happy where I am . I chose a path and will never regret it . 
Going to the library tomorrow , to celebrate . Some might say i am a nerd for that . spending my birthday at the library . haha . But you haven ' . t seen this library . GORGEOUS 
Happy Birthday to me .... RIP to < PROPFIRST > Swayze 
So far , insurance , love , flowers , comments , fudge cake , friends , more love , hugs , cards , presents . I love you guys . 
Good tidings . 
Wishing things would some how be better . Dont know how I will get there yet , or who I might meet along the way . so WE SHALL WAIT AND SEE > .... hopefully one day this heart I possess will help me be happy . 
YAY FOR COAT SEASON . 
This is so overdue . 
I dont know nobody and nobody dont know me . hah 
is tired of this whole thing ... need something new . 
TOUGH FUCKING NEWS . GET OVER IT . I DONT WANT YOUR COOL A/C .!!!!!! 
TOUGH FUCKING NEWS >>>> NO I DONT WANT TO DATE YOU < AND NO I DONT WANT TO PAY YOUR FUCKING CHILD SUPPORT >>> HAHA .... -House Harkonnen . 
if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; You will be surprised what people remember about you ! 
is confused and hurt . which aches to realize , but it is true . 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > Strode like whoa ! 
thinking of something to conquer today ??? any ideas ? 
HAS DISCOVERED < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! and i am pretty sure i spent like six hours watching just that last night . haha . 
is at the shop . text me if need be . 773-426-5268 . 
at the shop . then petsmar t.t hen VIA DOMUS !!! text it . 
MADDEN 2010 HERE I COME !!!! 
on my way to the hospital ... boo urns .... stupid possible concussions . 
well . after nearly 9 hours of waiting , tests , pain and more pain .... doc said I have a mild concussion .... i hate having to wake up repeatedly throughout the night ... 
love me ? okay . I will let you . haha . 
So tell me why , when things finally settle down , and I am happy , that things get fucked up again . I am tired of negative people and thier greed . I am moving and moving on . how you feel about it , is not my problem . and how it affects you , is not my problem , You made that clear today . Thank you . 
Greed will be your downfall . Your problem not mine . 
The Will of God will never take you where the Grace of God cannot protect you . 
OH MAN >>>>> Well here goes nothing .... * holds breath * 
Apparently going unnoticed . Should I feel bitter ? I tried , I was there whenever need be . So , no , Thank you for letting me know every word was a lie . 
sad to be missing the lighting of the city with mom and dad . one negative point to living so far from home . haha 
Slept well , cuddled well , and I feel so much better . I love you mom and Dad . 
let me repeat , for those who are weary at heart .... The Will of God will never take you where the Grace of God cannot protect you !!!!! 
Gamertag . TimedDemise . Add it . 
Wishful thinking is for the Muses ... I'm just sayin . 
oh man oh man oh man ,,,, Bones and Booth ... you have my heart . keep on keepin on . 
Waiting on the newborn kitties to get here ...... oh plz be healthy and strong . oh plz be feisty and lovely . Oh you will be ours .... SO EXCITED > .. I LOVE YOU . 
I love writing letters and receiving them ... I really should quit watching You've got mail . Somebody send me a letter . 2220 w . Rosemont Ave . 3rd flr ., Chicago , IL 60659 . I miss you mom and dad . 
I need it to be .... 
Well 2010 was an interesting year . I learned some hard lessons , globe trotted , grew a strength I never thought possible , learned what I needed in life & what I really DON'T & met people who changed my life forever . Most importantly I learned to appreciate the BLESSINGS God has bestowed in my life . This next year I promise to never look back and really strive to better my strides in life . Happy NYE everyone and be safe .? 
Spending New Year's night with some lovely family and Davey . Blessed be those who are strong enough to push the devil out their lives . 
Today was really good . I needed it . It's a new year . Thank you . <3 
Enjoying the rain at home , watching Independence Day and snuggling with my Boston's . Couldn't get any better . 
My Final Fantasy cats are the shiz . No one could have any better domesticated living things .... well . besides my Am . Staff .... he just might be my fav , but dont tell the pussies . They might kill me in my sleepz . 
La Di Fucking Da 
My favorite part of my life right now , falling asleep in your arms , knowing you will always be there , and waking up in that same set that protected me through the night and kept my nightmares at bay . 
Three cats at my feet , a dog at my side , love in my heart . Life is wonderful and I only have God to thank . 
Black and Silver 
GOING OUT ON A LIMB & PLAYING ALONG : you see me in the back of a police car , what do you think I got arrested for ? Answer mine and then copy and paste to your profile and see how many crimes you get accused of ..... \ ) " 
am ridiculously getting sick ... lame . 
Is that the sun that is glowing today or is it just me ? 
Is having trouble seeing past your ignorance . Please will You < PROPMALE > me the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Timing is everything and yours was really fucked up . 
OCB , Congo , < PROPFIRST > , and the kids .... a wonderful day indeed . 
Have you ever needed that one last boost of energy just to close your eyes at night ? 
ARRRGGG >>>> I feel like it is the Animal Kingdom in my room , but then again , they all know when it is bed time . haha . oh the love of family.haha.in my own strange world . 
So I have noticed lately that people have been changing their profile pictures to celeb look-a-likes , but I am gonna put who i feel that resembles me most , esp . emotionally and in our hearts , and that is the love of my life , < PROPFIRST > . I have no clue where I would be without him . The last two years have been the most amazing . And the rest of our lives will continue to improve and bond us closer together . 
Man , where have you been all this time . 
1919 : 2292 , man , where oh where did you come from . Time has its place , but my heart hurts just the same , it will take some getting used to , seeing as how it was all woven into my seams . but 1919:2292 you are where the < PROPFEMALE > D is and that is where I gotta follow . 
I need you , know this 1919 . Regardless of how many times I cry , how many times I miss my set seams , my life will be okay , my life fine . I am a survivor , always have been always will be . will you hold my hand though ? 
Just woke up in my new home . This is strange but feels so good . 
oh man , RIP < PROPFIRST > HAIM . sad times . 
So tired of being awake . 
Man oh man where are is my monster when I need it . Stupid scary shadows . Go Go Away . 
New number , if you want it , just message me . 
Lounging today , just enjoying the company of his love . text it . 
Feelin tons tons tons better . Ibuprophen is my heart . 
Apparently we will both never venture there again . 
A great man once said , you're just a myth but I'm a Legend 
Oh morning < PROPFEMALE > of Davey . Your face is amazing . Ily . 
Waitin in line for Kogi , been here for about an hour Son ! 
L.A. Kings game tonight at 7:30 ..... VIP Suite seats what ?! YES SIR . See you tonight Coyotes and Kings . 
Someone please explain to me WHY AM I AWAKE ???? Had a full night , MW2 , Kings vs Coyotes , Get Shaved , Denny's , home , Inglorious Basterds ...... So please after such a wonderful day , why am I still awake .??? 
Do you see that soul in my profile pic to my left , your right , I love him . 
Autumn roses ashes rising . Eighteen petals to count , nectar to fiend after , and love only to be found in a soulmate that was there all along . Thank you for breathing , thank you for sweeping me , Danke para sharing in so much of my longing . To be held is the goal , to be loved is the result . 
Loving LA so much I might not come home . 
Extremely Wonderful . 
Well these last 24 hours have been exciting , crossed a few things off our checklist , watched Sunrise , saw a show at the Griffith Observatory , went to Pink's ,, and Davey lost his phone . My clock is counting down to friday , so sad . But alas , still had a great day with the love of my life . 
search and destroy , let me tell you how to run this game . 
Am in love for all the completely right reasons . I will miss everything about his presence but will soon again have him in my arms . 
Bah . needing a nap and about to drift . 
I need this to be okayed . I need this to be righted . I need ... you need .... we need to be .. what ? 
I love you more than anything . please understand . 
wow I love my blackberry . I didn't even know it could do that . 
I love you more than anything Davey Rivera . Please never forget that . You are my heart . And I will never be able to express my thanks to you for answering that message . Our life together will be so wonderful , and it may be hard at times , but I know we have the strength in God and in our hearts to make it through anything . I love you . 
omg . 
oh jeez . 
feeling like Im a million < PROPMALE > away from the universe that I have come to know and love . I wish I had a machete , might make my surroundings a little easier to get through . and yes Puma's socks are THE best .!!! 
Well , today is the day ... As of my flight at 4:30 pm I am officially moving to the L.A. area ( Burbank to be exact ) . There is a new adventure waiting for me and I am excited to start this new chapter in my life . Good by crazy Midwest weather , hello warm and < PROPFEMALE > days at the beach !!!! 
People always say home is where the heart is , and I had left mine here in Cali , so Hello California . Thank you for becoming a year round pass to DaveyDaveyDavey Land . 
I love the weather here .... pretty sure I won't ever get over it . haha 
Wow , its ridiculously beautiful outside here in L.A. , but I love cuddling with my other half all morning inside .... 
So amazed at the people God has blessed me with , the people I live with are amazing in so many ways its ridiculous . I couldn't be happier . 
I love davey perioo 
I love Davey . Period . yeah . period . 
I love my Dad and he is so right . \Sometimes life just is . \"" 
What can you say , when all that falls is ice cubes from a broken tray . 
Never seen so many drag queens , or < PROPMALE > mysterio wanna be's in my life .... ChatRoulette is FUNNY !!! > . that's all Im gonna say . 
In need of insight . Am loved , so am blind . I miss you . Ily . 
how often do you actually take the time to lay in the grass and look at the clouds pass ? 
My advice to you , don't be scared about starting a new chapter in your life ... or even a whole new book . It's scary , yes , but always worth it . Be the exception . 
You cannot change the wind in adverse situations , but you can adjust your sails . 
stop BREAKING DOWN for people who won't even STAND UP for you ... 
Davey Rivera , if I could reach up and hold a < PROPFEMALE > for every time you've made me smile , the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand . 
just know that I love you ..... 
.... it is hard , but its life , and we wouldn't weather in to the hearts that we possess with out challenge or courage . 
Home is where the heart is .... and I finally made it . 
Enjoying time well spent , filtering out the bad , and moving forward . 
Just converted to Droid Eris 
loves the whole being smothered in kisses thing ... 
Needing just a little bit .... 
Awake and anticipating ..... 
I love him endlessly ... but in all other areas of my life , I have limits . 
I want you , I need you , oh baby . oh ...... such great sarcasm in that movie . 
Never know where I am going , but I know where I came from , and I dont want to go back . And All I know is that I am here now , and couldn't be any better heart wise . 
True love is not about the hugs and kisses , the ' I love you's ' or the ' I miss you's ' , but about the chills that hit every part of my spine when I think about you , Davey Rivera . 
I love you because you bring out the best in me , and holding on to that thought , I sincerely believe that just by being with you shall bring out the best life I ever could live . 
Leap Year , red vines , and some alone time with little ole me . I am at ease and loving it . 
My Eris is acting funny ..... did anyone elses just glitch and reset ? i had to redo my emails , and everything . 
okay , Im done . sleep time . 
And I'm still awake .... stupid meds and emotions . 
Oh how I love thee , Netflix . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is where I am . and couldn't be happier . 
I'm gonna smile because i deserve too <3 
I feel like the stress I have and worries in my heart are going to take years off my life . 
I think too much way too often .... here goes nothing about forgetting everything , I know I can do better though , I deserve better than what used to be . 
There is a sacredness in tears . They are not the < PROPFIRST > of weakness , but of power . They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues . They are messengers of overwhelming grief ... and unspeakable love . 
Missing Davey mightily . I hate being away from him like this . 
Sims 3 on XBOX 360 ??? Yes . please .... but for now the PC will suffice , see you when I surface in a few hours . haha . 
I hate bad dreams . I need a hug and reassurance . Please pick up . please . 
I love you . I See you . Even through all these < PROPMALE > . 
I have the most wonderful soul mate anyone could be blessed with . I'm just sayin ' . 
My heart is yours forever Monster . <3 
Finally home . 
Am up early as hell , slept good , first night back was amazing , I love you baby . Oh what shall we do for the celebration of < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthing ..... any suggestions ? 
Again with this 8am BS . wtf . Today will be wonderful , why might you ask , cuz I will be with Davey . haha . and everything is always wonderful when I am with him . Now that I have him , I dont ever want to imagine my life without him . <3 
Hello , overcast California day , oh how I love thee . 
Had a wonderful time today with my Heart . what to do tonight ? 
Well , here goes nothing .... well , and everything . Please pray for me , Im super excited . I love you Davey . 
At the track with some amazing people . some great racers , and a beautiful landscape . I love you papa . 
Get ghost . 
My idea of a great Sunday : morning in bed reading and cuddling , cloud covered gorgeousness to remind me of home , and the World Cup ... Go Spain !!!! I love me some Davey . 
Good morning L.A. traffic and canyon curves . Oh how I love thee . 
I love my life , heart throb of a soul mate , and the dreams I drift off to at night ... See you in the A.M. !!!! 
Almost time to come home to papa ... 
Time to settle in , read , get a foot massage , and fall into pleasant dreams .... I love you all dearly , and miss some of you severly . Signing off from So-Cal . Night Night . 
Wow . I just fell in love with him all over again to the Nth degree ... 
Swimming under the stars with the Love of my life , Dr. , isn't a too shaby way to be live life or create complete happiness . Good night < PROPFEMALE > . 
Didn't you know I loved you that much ? 
I'm pretty sure I just whooped Davey Rivera ' s ass in THE BIGS 2 ...... 11-5 ... yes . i won . 
and AGAIN ..... THE BIGS 2 .... beat Davey Rivera 17-13 .... 
How is my heart suppose to function ?!... Im not Apathetic , and I never will be . Get over it . When I care for someone , its never ceasing , I take into consideration thier position , thoughts , feelings . Everything about them . Am I stupid to expect the same ?! Im a pretty fucking awesome , kind-hearted person , and deserve the effort and respect in return . It's called compassion , Im sorry you have never experienced it before . 
Am pretty sure that today is just going to be a chill Netflix kinda day . and then work tomorrow , training ends and will be on my own , haha . I know I will be fine though , I know my strengths and weaknesses . 
I miss you through happy times , and even more so when I come upon tough moments without you near . I love you Davey , more than I think you will ever comprehend . 
I dont know what you want from me ? 
Is drifting off to sleep .... any suggestions on dreams ? 
I love old friends and new friends ... an not so overwhelmed and homesick ... as much . ugh . 
I need to gain some friends that are girls .... any suggestions for meeting people in L . A ..... or anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > soon . please . haha . too much testosterone around 
on the way home , another early day tomorrow . I cant wait to see my baby . 
The sun isn't even up yet , and I'm making my daily canyon run . See you on the flip side . 
Home alone this weekend , anyone up to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Welcome home . 
I need to go to the beach ... soon . No more broken promises people . Let's make this happen . 
I need a hug . like now . 
I pretty sure I just found my pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . good shyt . I love you baby , 
My baby left the house today lookin like some Robinson Crusoe twin or something . Just another reason why I love his silly ass . Best part . he was all cocky bout it 
I wish I could explain to you just how much I really do enjoy getting lost in things ; books , DA : Origins , you presence ,... ya know things I enjoy most . I hope you all are having as good a day as I am . <3 
R.I.P. Makh Daniels ... you will def . be missed .... irony in your death ? 
My heart needs more . Please be the one to give it all . \ 
Forevermore , \ 
Me . 
9 hours of Dragon Age : Origins in 2 days not too shabby .... finished The Fade ... on to Redcliffe !!!. 
A good time out with the girls has been a long time coming .... so very excited and looking as gorgeous as ever 
It's not what you have in your life that matters , it's who you have . 
Tired . I need rest , on the real . 
Here I go . Let's see how this all turns out . The countdown will commence upon notice . 
Breathe through my heart . please . I need You most in a crowded room , so solitary as you seem through the frosted windows that are my eyes . Today is the day I start thinking of You in every aspect I do . This I promise you . Tell the Truth , Tell the Truth , Tell the Truth . Second Bead . 
There are one hundred and nine beads , so bear with me in the longevity of it all , but I'm taking this all to heart . 
kalos < PROPFEMALE > agathos 
Four feet on the ground , a head full of foilage , looking at the world through the heart .... 
Bike night . yessir . 
Inception is key . What is your totem of reality ? 
Dancing my fears away . 
Dal centro < PROPFEMALE > mia < PROPFEMALE > venne < PROPFEMALE > grande fontana .... 
How long until I figure out that I am the one that fucks everything up in my life . No one else . MY hand that makes the mistakes , MY feet that travel me to places unknown and risky , MY brain and thoughts that I super impose on everthing around me , but all the while it is MY heart that gives me the courage to do it all . Day in and day out . My heart , no one elses . 
I could make you happy\ 
Make your dreams come true , \ 
Nothing I wouldn't do , \ 
Go to the ends of the earth for you\ 
To make you feel my love . 
I know you haven't made your mind up yet\ 
But I would never do you wrong\ 
I've known it from the moment that we met\ 
There's no doubt in my mind where you belong 
\God is so good . You can't truly say you know Him if you've never been through what He can bring you out of ... \ " . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for having me realize that . I appreciate your life . " 
I now have an over sized lighter ..... impossible to lose . Haha . thank you baby . 
Ojos que no ven < PROPFEMALE > que no siente . 
Ladies please listen and take this to heart ... No Guy Is Worth Your Tears & When You Find The One That Is He Won't Make You Cry !! 
Above all else , guard your heart , for it is the wellspring of life . Proverbs 4:23 
Perfect in my imperfection . Love me for me . Not for who you want me to be . I have grown into a woman of many facets and am not afraid to face the world , just stand by and watch me fade away into the wind . 
\Truth is you could slit my throat \ 
R.I.P. Shoya Tomizawa ... My prayers go out to your family . 
It's you and me and all of the people , and for some reason I can't take my eyes off of you . 
“Love you everyday girl , always on my mind , one thing I can say girl ... love you all the time ... hold me .... love me ... hold me ... love me .... I ain't got nothin but love girl .... 8 days a week .... ” ... well ... boy.haha.it should say boy . 
Just watched The Cove .... please if you have Netflix , or go to BB ... This has to stop .... 
At a bike shop with the guys , then Dino's .... interesting day to say the least .... Sons of Anarchy here I come . 
Sephora , Torrid , Barnes and Noble ... not a bad day ..... now what to have for dinner . 
Just saw the most beautiful shooting star ... awesome thing . Davey and I saw at the same time and we didn't even mean to . Wonderul blessing to end my day . 
The world is mine . question is , are you ready to stand by my side , no matter what comes . Cuz I love you endlessly . 
Just opened the best birthday box EVER !!!!!! I cried , I laughed , and it made me miss and love my Mum and Dad that much more .... thank you so very much . 
Thank you everyone for all the copious amounts of birthday wishes and blessings , I love each of you dearly . It was a great birthday . I love you Papa . 
Just saw Devil .... interesting .... I give it a B+ .... anyone else seen it !?! 
Am bored ... what's on the agenda people ? 
So am home alone , got somethings taken care of , now I am ready to go .... who shall I have the pleasure of seeing today ??? 
At DragonStreet with the boys .... Rivera party of Six !!!! 
Mmmmm .... lovely skin toxins here I come .... well re-inking !!!!!. 
Oh what a glorious Mmmmooorrrnnninnng 
Stressed beyond the < PROPMALE > . Can I please escape with you ? 
Lake Hollywood then Pink's ?!.... sure why not . 
Spending the day with my Love is the only way I want things . See ya on the flip side . 
I hope you had fun . Really I do , was it worth it ? I don't care anymore ... Lost in my own head today , please just leave . 
I am happy to say , I will be there at the end of the day . 
Now , now < PROPFEMALE > , you better sit down and look around ! Cuz you must have bumped your head , and I love you enough to talk some sense back into you baby . \ 
I hate to see you come home , me , the kids and the dog is gone . \ 
Check my credentials , \ 
I give you everything ya want , everything you need , even your friends say I'm a good woman , all I need to know is why ? 
I'm mixed up , so what , you want me , you're messed up too . But I love you . regardless . You'll see . 
You ain't seen nothing like me yet ; I could make you happy , make your dreams come true , nothing I wouldn't do , go to the ends of the earth for you .... to make you feel my love . 
Every time I see something that is even related to it , it tears my heart open .. like the day it happened ... it just plays over and over in my head ..... will this go on for the rest of my life ? I let go , but all it does is haunt me . All I can do is pray . I am thankful for a quiet and good day . Philippians 4:6 -7 
had a great time . Ju Ju and Steph were amazing . Can't wait for Saturday . morning and night . 
Having a real friend is a good feeling . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Villa <3 
Well spent time running from the obvious and devirginizing . T . H ... def repeat . I love you ThunderThighs !! 
I like it on my Ottoman . yes , what about you ?! 
Oh , im gonna touch it !!... oh it's angry !!!!. RUN ! 
What do you even mean by that ?! muahaha ! 
I wanna waste some time . with you ... 
Acquired the new Xbox 360 S 250GB .... let me tell you , INSANE .. but needed the extra memory ... and the graphics are RIDICULOUS ... What's mine is yours sweet cheeks ! 
Barefoot and Movies ?! yessir ! 
I'm not very good at this pretending thing . I wear my heart pinned to my back pack , and it is your main target . Where to go from here ?! Let's spin . 1 , 2 , 3 .... 
It was a good one , off to try and sleep , but first < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I love you ALL , You know who you are ... Esp .. < PROPFIRST > Burr < PROPFIRST > Siglar and His LOVE < PROPMALE > Phillips 
Well , that settles it , according to The Cure , I am the < PROPFEMALE > of Angels . Yup . ME <3 ... I love you very much Davey Rivera <3<3<3 
Am not gonna lie , kinda excited about Paranormal Activity 2 , think Im gonna demand it . yes . 
\Death can take me if I can't be free\ 
ugh ... traffic was horrible in the canyon , I am running on like 2.5 hours sleep , and I am getting sick . l .. nyquill please ? < PROPFEMALE > Redmon Costello I need some of your homemade chicken noodle soup . :/ 
I'm a Dying Breed . 
Canyon run at 4:30 am .... sure why not , it always trumps taking the freeway all the way . 
I hate catching glimpse's ( glimpsi ? ) of your past , but then I realize , I'm the one who is here , I'm the one you love , and then my day gets brighter with every passing smile . 
Laying down for 500cc of Ancef and a nebulizer treatment ..... let's hope I feel better ..... then its home and books for the weekend . I need my Mum . 
FCKH8 ... FIGHT PROP 8 !!! 
Lovin this rainy SoCal weather .... I always sleep so well ... and it reminds me of home . 
@ Dr. Hogly Wogly about to smash on some center cut spare ribs . 
I love you Papa . Forever . 
All I am going to say is that is cracks me up just how desperate some women are . How persistant they are and how stupid they look to everyone . If only they were self aware . Stop trying , you lost , I won . STILL . nothing is going to change . I am not going anywhere and you are not manipulating and complaining yourself into the situation . OKay BUH-BYE , Buh-bye now , okay BYE ! Jeebus !!! 
Love ME time . yessir . 
Carpe Noctum <3 
8 inches .... and Lovin it ... 
Here we go again .... Hhhmmm Hmmm HHmmmm HHmm mmm < that's me humming Neon Tree's \Animal\ " ... Amazing band . Phenom lead singer . " 
I see a red door and I want to paint it black .... <3 
Are you ready for this ?! Sending some love your way ! 
Timing is everything , and unfornately , it has never been my strong suit . Avoidance . please . thank you . okay bye . 
God of War PSP Bundle ?!?! Yes please . 
My life is going by wonderfully these days , 3 main reasons 1)I live around many of my answered prayers . 2)I have found a friend in someone who speaks the same heart language I do , so I don't ever even have to explain my weirdness S ( ) S 3)God has blessed me with a great best friend , lover , partner in crime , and love of my life , all rolled into one gorgeous being that is named Davey .??? 
3 things I learned from my Ipod today . \ 
1 ) I love him more than you ever could . \ 
2 ) I've found a reason for me to change who I used to be . <3 \ 
3 ) I always forget to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me . 
My life is better , because of you , Davey Rivera . <3 Thank you for loving me the way you do , so wholely . For making my days more and more enjoyable and for being so supportive of my endeavors , and most of all , lol , for keeping me warm at night . I will love you always . <3<3<3 
Surprisingly catchy .... who woulda thought ... \ 
I promise my dear I’ll put nothin above ya . above ya\ 
Love me , Love me\ 
Say that you love me\ 
Fool me , Fool me\ 
Oh how you do me\ 
Kiss me , Kiss me\ 
Say that you miss me\ 
Tell me what I wanna hear\ 
Tell me you ( love me ) 
Today should be promising . <3 
Is it a torturingly obvious theme or just a coincidence ? I have been down this road before , and I promised myself I would never visit it again . Oh what I wouldn't give for a midnight ride on the south bound Redline <3 , just me , my headphones , and the deafening silence of racking rails . Not knowing when I would be home . It's all I really want right now . 
I miss my Mum . 
And here comes my Ipod shuffle ... funny how things land in life . Listen . 
I don't care what temperature it is , I want to watch the sunrise at the beach . 
I love you . 
Can't believe it has been so long already .... lasting love makes the world go round . 
Today should be interesting ... I'm excited to see what it brings . 
Feel so fly ... like G6 ... lets go F.E.M. Hell Yeah . 
SVU marathon . yessir . 
When all else fails , just simply love me . That would make me happier than anything . 
I need to meet new people . or form better relations with the ones I have ... hang out sesh soon ? yessir .... suggested outlets ? 
My Kik is MamaBoss . Use it . 
PCH , Canyon run and Rock Store with the Love of my life and 10 West Bikerz , not too shabby of a Sunday , actually super wonderul and a great adventure . 
List of MY pet peeves : 1 ) Projected envy . 2 ) Whores . 3 ) Two faced people . 4)Unfortunate event when I have someone in my life who is all of them rolled into one and I have to continuously deal with . You stepped wrong . now bear witness . Conclusion : I and everyone else around knows how eager you are , but I'm not a < PROPMALE > , so keep my name out of your mouth . Plain and simple . Step wrong again and I will correct you myself . <3 
Dear Haterz , \ 
\ 
In case any of you doubt , I work my ass off . Everyday . and it is all something I earned , it wasn't just given to me , and I dont ever have to ask for anything cuz I am my own . My resume my got me where I am , it just helped I knew about that job . \ 
<3 \ 
Me . \ 
P.s. shut up and learn something ! ( pts to who can guess that line ) 
Eh , its been building for days , but I am down for the count today . Nyquil over dose here I come . 
Obviously modded but appropriate ..... \ 
\What's with her ?! \ " \ 
Omg . for as much pain as I just went through , this better work . Germany here I come . 
Rule #1 to follow in life , be your own , dont let others words or actions decide the relationships with those around . Most spoken is bullshit til proven otherwise . 
Let's go Z-pak !!! Work your magic ! 
\Time doesn't matter . \"" 
Just getting in from a Salsa Social out in Hunting Beach , Orange Co . It was beyond wonderful . Such a good experience and a great time out with Steph . <3 Now time for sleepz . 
Apologizing is not always the meaning that it is wrong and the other person is right . It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego . 
Does it scare you that I am not someone who you will be able to subjugate or that I dont need you to validate my existence ? It shouldn't . This is just me . You should be honored I chose to love someone so deeply as I do you . I'm just sayin . And yes , I will get those traction bars in your possession , JDM style . <3 
I have convictions from which I'll never back down . <3 
And I need to be up in 5 hours , come on sleeping pills do your job .... stupid insomnia . 
Okay , I couldn't help myself ..... Ask me a question in my inbox and I will post the Q and A on my wall . A guessing game at its best with the best form of raw truth . Any question at all ! 
Who else is excited about Tron : Legacy ?!?! #totallygeekedout 
I can't even begin to express how excited I am for these next couples weeks . I love my family so much , and I love my Papi Chulo ( LMAO ) ridiculous . <3 Here we go . 
Have I shouted to the world lately how much I adore , appreciate , believe in , respect and love my Papa bear , Davey Rivera ? No ? Ok well I do . <3 
Arrived safely after much stress and delays . Missing my world already but am enjoying this trip already . Shall keep posted . It is so surreal doin 120mph on the Autobahn . Rammstein today , curious what it holds . I love and miss you Papa . 
Well , here is to a great day and night spent with new found friends , I am super looking forward to the rest of the weekend , the upcoming holiday , and pretty much the rest of this trip , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me . 
Went on an adventure by myself last night , was good times and am enjoying all the new people I have met . About to set out to the Heidelberg Castle then to the BX ... Hope you all have a good day . <3 
It's about to late , later that is . lmao . Today was intense to say the least , paid to see some great secrets , saw a real Germany whorehouse , and found a power \ 
Supply for xbox .... Good day to say the least and the night is just beginning . I miss and love you Papa . 
And it's super cold and raining , movie night here I come . Wishin you were here Papa . 
Falling off the radar , see you in a few days . Amsterdam or bust ! 
Change of plans , Amsterdam postponed , taking a day trip tomorrow , Today : taking care sick neighbor that we love . Now , what to cook for them ? 
Another day without you is terrible , but here are to adventures with unknown outcomes . 
Cookin away . Just made enough Puppy Chow to feed a football team . Lol . Can't wait to have everyone over tomorrow . 
Starting to see things in another light , have needed it for a minute . I miss you baby and can't wait to see you . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family . I hope you all have a great day with your families , be grateful and never take anyone for granted . Pumpkin cheesecake for everyone !!!! 
Snow on Thanksgiving in Germany is gorgeous . 
Tired . No repeats please . Thank you goodbye . 
P.S. Guess what ? 
Life as I know it in Germany . Lovely . 
First night of the Christmas markets . Ridiculously drunk off of cider . Yay me . Lol . 
There must be perfect words for feeling alone around the people that love you . thank you D.K. 
Hates waiting for unspoken expectations that shouldn't even have to be asked . Lame . Hope it isn't like this for the rest of life . 
I'm def missing my Home(Davey ) , he is def where my heart is . 
Fml . I hate waking up , havin things trickle through my mind , which in turn results in me watching crappy movies til my mind decides to let go . 
Just drove through a horrible snow storm , auto bahn has been deemed to unsafe to drive . It's only suppose to get worse . Please pray I can get to the airport tomorrow . I would like to go home , k thanks . 
The way I see you through my heart , is like seeing the world through < PROPFEMALE > colored glasses . Your ideals are perfection , along with the way your soul moves , your heart beats , and the way you say my name . Everything about you makes me so appreciative to call you mine . I love you Papa and nothin could ever change that . 
Well I had an amazing time in Germany , great time with Mum and Dad , met tons of great people , formed new friendships that will def span the distance , experienced alot of great places . So all in all Thank you very much Germany for making me fall in love with you . I will be back . 
Am stateside again , and by the tell of the time , am still horribly jet lagged and running on Germany time . Lame . Very glad to be home . 
Well , here we go again . I need to start a new project , need my mind to be stimulated/distracted . Any suggestions ?, than what I already have in mind . 
And I'm up this early why ??? So my hair would be dry by the time I leave for work . lame I know , but I refuse to use a blow dryer . So here we go ... What do you all have planned for today ??? 
Happy National Be a Creeper Day , go out and enjoy lurking in the shadows , and seething whilest listening to emo music , or super mysterious . Have fun and report back ! 
Oh man , I love him . Knocks me off my feet sometimes just how much really . I love you Davey Rivera . Thank you so much for helping make everyday a blessing . <3 I 
I'm not trying to get sick with this change of weather ... another round of Z-Pak ? Yes please . 
I adore the feeling of drifting in and out of sleep . Here's to a failed rest and hearty beats . 
Awake . And ready to relax . haha . Snuggle bunnies here I come . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Deathly Hallows was AMAZING ... Can't wait for the last installment . Thank you Papa for sitting with me through it . 
Im lovin this rain , reminds me of a place I used to call home . 
I adore you in your best and love you in your worst . Valentine's Day helped relearn some forgotten lessons and opened a new level of appreciation for your being . 
Your car is Japanese . Your pizza is Italian . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is\ 
Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your tea is \ 
Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian .... And then complain : your ... neighbour ...... is an ... immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy if you are against Racism . 
I need this . 
Such a good time with great friends . I def am lovin this . 
I need to go to San < PROPFIRST > . STAT . 
#213 : I met you at a time when I really needed to find peace in my life . Our friendship has always and will always mean the world to me . Without you , I honestly probably wouldn't be here . You are my soul's kindred spirit to the < PROPMALE > . The adventures and late night sessions we had are forever alive in my mind . Even if most of them were drug induced . You are a beautiful person , inside and out , and only deserve the best . 
#406 : There were too many times in my life where I thought you would never understand how I thought or felt about things . But you would finally understand and bottom line , were always supportive , no matter where life took meor the heart breaks I would endure , but I am forever thankful in your trust . No matter what we go through I know you will always be there for me , and vice versa . 
#257 : Listen here my Love , you and I both know what you deserve in life . The best . We have always been and will always be honest to the < PROPMALE > iwith each other . Cuz we both are tired of lies . I appreciate your heart and everything you bless me with in knowing you . Esp how safe we are together . Thank you for saving me , cuz without you I probably wouldn't be able to breathe . 
#660 : Our relationship over the years has grown to be so near and dear to my heart . I was deeply in love with you at a point in my life , but our timing was always so terrible . lol . But it is something I adore about you and I . I find comfortort in knowing that you will always be there for me as I will you . Thank you for being such a big part of my life for all this time . You are a great deal of who I am as a person . 
Tired of people . Plain and simple . LMAO !!! Shut the fuck up . Is all this society has bred is whores ? Jeebus . Try having respect for yourself before talking shit 
Why does it seem that people are having the same problems I am . 
At Pink's , you best believe I'm about to grub . 
Ten West meet last night was a good one , great turn out , great time , def good company . See yall on Friday at the LAX Party . 
Here's to a day of ticking time and trepid thoughts . Please just go away . 
Early morning Canyon drives are my favorite . I really hope today is better . 
Hazelnut Latte . Check . TGIF . Check . Workload for Friday . Check . Counting down the minutes to a relaxing weekend . Yessir . 
Ten West Bikerz LAX Party ( special Christmas Edition ) Tonight , should and def will be a good time . Now ... what to wear ?! 
Last night was a great night , good turn out . I know everyone had a good time . Loved time well spent with the love of my life . Screw house of pies.in n out plz . 
Have you ever made < PROPMALE > life decision on plucking flower petals ?! Am I the only one ? lmao . 
Good morning Loves . Law and Order : SVU marathon ... yes please ! Who wants to share some couch time ?! 
Flynn Lives . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Cattrall's: Sexual Intelligence ... A ) love that I already know about 3/4 of the history presented , B ) it's a def must see ( netflix yessir)women and men alike , C ) how comfortable are you with your sexuality ?! 
I don't understand people , thier motives , thier moral compasses , or complete disregard from others in general . Maybe it's cuz I'm from the South that I respect people or its just how my Dad and Mum raised me , or maybe it's my complete Faith in God that keeps me balanced . But this people , is why I escape with no looking back . :/ 
All I can do is breathe out , count petals , and retract . Note said pattern . 
Verdict : 1/2 Truths , 1/2 Lies , 100% Creepy . Life here I come . 
Dear Lyingstalkingcreepywhore aka Group Cum Receptacle , \ 
Thank you for your weak attempt . Stop . Next time check your facts and make sure your timeline is correct before bold face lying . Stop . Also word of advice ; try not to seem so desperate in public , other's notice . Stop . He chose me , get over it . Stop . In case you were wondering , we are wonderful . Stop . Enjoy your , proven , creepy-ass observing . Stop . \ 
Get Ghost\ 
? \ 
Me 
Today , nothing will phase me besides utter happiness . It's gorgeous and rainy outside . New day here I am , please bless all those I love . 
You only grow apart when you don't make it a priority to grow together . 
Nothing is ever perfect but nothing is ever a nightmare . 
Playlist day . Enjoy . Let me hear your thoughts . 
\We were given : ? Two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . \ " \ 
Midnight release of Tron : Legacy . Yessir . 
Morning rain . Raining leaves . Leaves you wondering . Wondering what type of day it will be . Be happy please . Please be blessed all you that I Love . 
Planting the seeds you sow , is easier than growing the row . 
We all have a weakness , some of ours are easy to identify . Look me in the eye . \ 
And ask me for forgiveness . 
Im needing hope and < PROPFEMALE > otherwise I won't make it out alive . 
Fable III is fantastic . That's all . kthanxbai ! 
Sleepz ?! Yes plz . 
Things , they are a changin ' . Get Ghost . That's my prediction for today . 
Im ridiculously hooked on Fable III . I even got up an hour and a half earlier than what I needed to today to play before I went to work . haha . #nerdstatus 
Rain , I love you but I need to get to work safely and in a timely manner . Kthanxbai ! 
Who you finna try ?! I bet it ain't me . 
Deserves a few things in life ; honesty , happiness , & assurance in circumstances . I don't need stupid comments , constant negativity , or your stupid assumptions kthanx 
Well after 9 hrs of amazing sleep . Today is my Friday . I need all this paperwork to go quickly . I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas . <3 
I wish all those who hold my heart dear the best Christmas yet , to my friends please experience amazing joy , and to the rest I hope you end the year with a bang 
First status from my Ipad . Am in complete devoted loved with this thing . Where have you been all my life ?! 
I can honestly say this Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Day of has been one of my best yet . Both days were filled with my new family , one Salvi day , one Puertorican day . Overall a blast and some much needed love , hugs , and well wishings . I hope yours was as great as mine . Thank you all who made it amazing . I love you Davey Rivera . <3 
And I'm awake ... 
Back to December . 
Men always want to be a woman's first love ; women have a more subtle instinct . What they like is to be a man's last romance . 
And it got the best of me , am home super sick today , cough , fever , the works . I will be surviving off of Nyquil and Gatorade today . I need to be better by the morn . Kthanxbai ! 
People may refuse our love or reject our message but they are defenseless against our prayers . 
When you make a mistake , there are only three things you\ 
should ever do about it : admit it , learn from it , and do not repeat it ! Kthanxbai . 
Today is going to be an #epicfail . I feel about 20% worse than I did yesterday , it's freezing at work , I'm pretty sure the day is going to drag like the middle ages cuz I only had to come to work for one important , my sickness has elevated to a feeling of winter setting into my bones and my chest is super congested . Thanks crappy immune system . Could I please get some prayers of well being and optimism ? kthanxbai . :/ 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > Brinker so much some days that it brings me to tears . I miss my family back home , who I miss most is my Grandma < PROPFIRST > , RIP <3 . But most of all things , I miss the El and the random adventures . I miss the genuine Red Line . I miss the expansive Washington Library , and I miss the < PROPMALE > Park Zoo . I miss snow , smelly buses , and < PROPFIRST > Avenue Salvation Army . :/ 
Off to a surprise adventure . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Postlethwaite , forever in my mind for your role in Amistad . You will be missed . 
? The hardest part about the f**king business , is mindin ' your own . Meet my two fingers , Intro , Deuces . ? 
One lesson I have learned hardcore in life : it truly does matter who you decide to let in your life . Move forward people ! Listen to your heart . #kthanxbai 
Kings vs . Pedators . Come on boys . Let's get this ! 
I really don't get why people feel the need to lie , when all I have been is honest and respectful towards you . 
All I want from today is quick passing time & my bed . Why can't I get over this ? I don't think I have ever been so disappointed . I need some me sleep time . kbai ! 
To love someone deeply gives you strength . Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage . \ 
-- Lao Tzu 
Sleep is good . Sleep is addicting . Sleep can b my best friend and my worst nightmare . Sleeping is where I will be today . Text it if you need me . 
Thank you for always only wanting the best for me , supporting me , and loving me for me . Always being in the back of my head , pushing me . Who all know who you are . 
Sleepy time tea would settle right now . I need to get my hands on some Vanilla Polish tea . < PROPFEMALE > where is your < PROPMALE > kitchen when I need it !!!!! I miss Germany 
Well this is strange , I have the entire work office and center to myself today . It's creepy as hell . Im going to be locked in my office ALL DAY with Pandora blaring , hopefully it will scare away the ghosts here ... Can't wait to be rescued from here . lol . 
At < PROPFEMALE > Garden . see you on the flip side . 
Wishes I could be in that episode of I Love < PROPFEMALE > where they are stomping grapes . I think that would be a good day . Who wants to take a trip to Italy with me ? Or maybe just a close California vineyard/wineary ? 
\Who put bacon in the soap ?! \"" 
I think my ears are bleeding . NSYNC's \Merry Christmas Happy Holidays\ " from thir Holiday album just played on my Pandora Gogol Bordello channel . How the hell does this happen to me ?! < PROPFEMALE > Amador can we please erase all digital copies of thier music in the world ?! Long live BSB !!!! " 
He is so tall that when we stand next to each other it looks like he should be kidnapping me . 
I am glad we only do a < PROPMALE > inventory count once a year . Cross referencing and updating 916 pages of sutures , meds , drapes , dressings , and equipment is making me cross eyed . No wonder I have had a headache these past two weeks . :/ 
It's 70+ degrees in the middle of winter , best believe Im going for a long walk today when I get home . I love me some SoCal weather . 
Today I realized how much I love me a Vanilla Ceylon Latte from Coffee Bean !!! 
I have some of the weirdest dreams . 
Wow , I love coming across intense lyrics . Pandora just taught me some life lessons . Yay for channel preference picking due to past choices . 
\I thank whatever gods may be \ 
Sashimi . yessir . 
Insomnia at its best . Working my way through the entire X-Files series . Netflix is amazing . 
:/ people are weird . I just had to mean mug/ verbally < PROPMALE > some tweaked out guy off my lawn . Yay for strange loiterers . Hello weekend ?! 
Bout to grub on some bomb ass Creole food . Just had an Oyster Shooter , def a place to come back to . 
People and their motives are so strange to me . Enjoy finding out the truth in the bitter end . I won't be around to say it's okay . Trust . 
Today has been an interesting one , but productive . Yay for free Sephora stuff without even having to buy anything . lol . 
Coke , Grunge , Vampires . Catchy trends of my generation . lol . Nice one society . 
I am in need of some good southern food and a stiff drink . 
I hate ICD-10 . CPT codes All Day Every Day . 
Io fei gibetto de < PROPFEMALE > mei case ... 
Autumn roses ashes rising . Eighteen petals to count , nectar to fiend after , & love only to be found in a soulmate that was there all along . To be held is the goal , to be loved is the result . Only one last thing to take care of on the way out of this town that I had been stuck in for so long . The shadows creeped away , the clouds came out to play , & I finally feel free in my own heart . 
Oh Vanilla Ceylon Tea , how I love thee . Thank your for warming my soul on this crisp morning . 
I am proclaiming today will go by with no problems and fairly quick . Please . lol . 
Okay , here I go , diving into a pile of charts . Sooo much paperwork . See ya on the other side ... Hopefully ! lol . <3 
I am in need of a great time in Germany with the fam ( < PROPFEMALE > Redmon Costello and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Costello ) and friends ( < PROPFEMALE > Porwoll ( mum tell her about this , cuz it wouldn't tag her . lol ) , and an good night at the Neckartal with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > i Loy , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Hart , and < PROPFIRST > Strotheide . I promise I shall return soon . <3<3<3 
My head is spinnin . Not a good idea to stay awake past my sleepin pills when I knew I should have fallen asleep . Catch ya in a few hours before the sun comes up 
I am super happy tomorrow is Friday , X-files weekend and a possible beach visit . Yes please . I love you Papa . 
Having cases this early in th morning is ridiculous . Smh . But alas , it is Friday !!!! I hope you all have a great weekend . <3 . I know I will . 
Just got a bombass Hannibal Lecter figurine . One step closer to the tattoo ... so excited . 
Rest . I love disappearing into my headphones . 
So tonight should be exciting . Am going to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Pitbull , and Daddy Yankee at the Staples Center . Love me some Reggaeton . 
CALIBASH 2011 HERE I COME !!!! 
I think I just fell in LOVE with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Pitbull was by far the best of CaliBash ... a great night spent with the best of women and endless dancing , now grub . 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > . 
Exhausted but had so much fun last night . Best believe I will be crashing when I get home . 
People are a trip . Get over yourself . Honestly . 
Am thankful for the true friends I have in my life . It's your opinion I value over all others . Thank you for always being so supportive . You know who you are . 
Tea infusing commenced . Relaxation intiated . Goodnight Lamp . 
Change . Yours will be the unparalleled victory . I promise . 
I hate this feeling of dissaffection . Wish it would have turned out different . But that's life I guess . 
I have a big heart but it beats quiet . 
My mom has made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong ... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But mom's are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love . Yes this means you , < PROPFEMALE > Redmon Costello !!! <3 
Honestly hope I can sleep something fierce tonight . Please keep me in your prayers , my insomnia has been getting the best of me for a few weeks now , Im on my last tier of reserved energy . Really trying to not take anything to sleep . Teavana has been a God sent . 
Should of known you were trouble from the first kiss ... 
Have an appointment to do my taxes , then a much needed alotted time with Steph-A-Rainbow !!! 
I am a woman in search of a word . Not a word for what I do but for who I am . I am still in search of it and only pray I can become it . Or well , it become me . :) 
I am newly reassured ... Maybe my life hasn't been so chaotic , it's the world that is . Ruin is a gift . Ruin is the road to transformation ... 
A day in the life of feeling achey and a sore throat accompanied by a weird sick voice . Juice pops , chicken noodle soup , and Fanboys . Yes please . 
Would you rather I be seen not heard ? That's not who I am . Timid is not how I roll . 
You can’t make someone love you , all you can do is be someone who can be loved , the rest is up to the person to realize your worth . 
I will never be your first kiss , I will never be your first love . I'm not your first < PROPFIRST > , first fight , first < PROPMALE > bear , or first date . I'm not in this to be your first anything ... I just want to be your last . I <3 you Davey Rivera . It's a new year , and Im glad to have you in my life . 
I <3 ThinkGeek in every possible way . Yes I do . Just ordered some ridiculously awesome and uber useful things . Can't wait for them to arrive !!! 
I hate laryngitis . Am going to go home , snuggle up , turn on X-Files Season Two , and nurse everything away with clover < PROPFEMALE > , lemon , and vanilla tea . Yes please . 
Nyquil Wonderland adventure here I come .... Chooo Chooo !!! This one's for you Machiavelli . smdrdz . <3 
Oh man , this isn't good ... 
Had a burst of energy mid Grey's Anatomy season 1 .... sooo I put a Pineapple Upside Down Bundt Cake in teh oven . yessir . Learned from the best , Gma < PROPFIRST > and Mum <3 
Taking time to notice things seems to lag time these days . Shuffled thoughts are occuring on the frequent . Here's to spacing out and a weird urge to nest ..... 
I truly need to rest otherwise this all won't go away . 
I hate feelin soooo drained from being sick . 
Misses her Mum and Da but is happy with today . 
I love cooking for my fam . Steaks , sautéd asaparagus and red idaho garlic potatoes , working on cars and good company makes for a wonderful day . I love you all . 
Today will be great , can't wait to come home to Davey Rivera . I love you so much more as the days go by . I can't believe it's been almost a year . 
Playlist for today :\ 
Coldplay- Amsterdam\ 
The Script- Break Even\ 
Red Hot Chili Peppers- Snow\ 
LifeHouse- Broken\ 
Coldplay- Shiver ( yes Coldplay again , cuz they dominate above all others)\ 
Enjoy . 
I do 1d10+6 damage to your face , and if you are conscious after , let's see you roll for the meager amount of damage your cheap ass plastic dice can get you ... #geekstatus 
An afternoon canyon run , warm greetings of hugs and kisses , great dinner plans and then another wonderful night spent with my Love , Davey Rivera . Def good times to be had ! 
Good morning world . I hope your sunrise was as gorgeous as mine this morning . Here is to a great day filled with productivity , balance , contentment , and love . I love you Davey Rivera . You make my days even sweeter and my nights even more lovely . <3 
Deserves better ... 
Deserves honesty , loyalty , fidelity , respect , affection , gushing amounts of love , and trust . What I DON'T deserve is doubt in your words or actions , compulsive lying , cheating , deprivation of affection , broken promises , fear , loneliness , being unyoked , and tears . What you don't deserve : Me . 
Is a little better but I just want this day to be over . Good night fam . See ya on the flip side .. 
I don't think I have ever been so glad to see a Friday come . I am thankful for my Hazelnut Latte and my Pandora Coldplay station . I would appreciate some good vibes today world . kthanxbai . 
People's priorities are a funny thing to me . I never thought something that should be so easy natured , could be so hard . 
On our way to Verizon to exchange back the wackass iPhone 4 to his Droid X again . Android rules over all ! 
Life is .... 
I cross inappropriate lines everyday . So what ?! I would rather do that and stand my ground than be quiet . 
Bacon ! Yes , you heard me . Bacon !!!! 
Omg .... really ... well of I can't sleep then Netflix here I come . Any suggestions ??? 
I don't mind change , but I hate choices and crossed heart strings . 
It is not our abilities to show who we truly are . It is our choices . 
I love my bed and binary blanket . So soft . Good night lamp . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Loves . 
Oh how I love the sight and sound of searching police choppers . Lets me know I am home . lol . 
Goodnight my beloved Apple possessions . My collection just keeps accumulating . Love it . 
\Surprise is no excuse for the traps you left in the wake of warning . \"" 
\“Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind . \ " Pooh 
You give you get ... You don't you won't .... Trust . 
We drift deeper into the sound , life goes on , feelin strong ... So bring it on , so bring it on ... 
Trials and tribulations are what made my heart this strong , not you . Only Him . Blessed be Your name . Trust . See you on th flip side . :/ 
Meeting life half way ... it's about that time . :) 
Going shopping for a Russian < PROPFEMALE > Palace Party tonight . Bout to drop some bones on a dress y'all know nothin about . lol . See ya on the flip side ! Text me . 
Spending a majority of the day with < PROPFEMALE > Amador . Let me tell you of the adventures we have , legendary . lol I love you dollface ! 
Found THE perfect dress for tonight . I am surprised at how excited I am for this party . Head up , shoulders back . Watch out ! 
All I can tell you is that was THE best party I have ever been to . But am too inebriated to even try and post the videos from tonight . I love you all . goodnight . 
This weekend has left me exhausted , overwhelmed , in need of drastic measures , lost , reassured , loved , cherished , really shown who truely cares for me , found in ways I never thought possible . Thank you for all who support in my decisions , appreciate me , and who I can truely call my friends and family . I love you all . 
This will be about steps , fast or slow , every one is important and needs to be thought out . 
Today has already been beyond horrible . And it's only 9:55 am , I need to escape . Please . 
My heart beats quiet in a field of Plumerias , healing quickly amongst positive energy , waiting to be cherished . It just takes time , and time is what I got . 
I never have and never will understand mean spirited people . It should have been a red flag from day one . But you live and you learn right ? 
Just because it was my decision to quit waiting around , doesn't change the fact it hurts . Thank you all for showing your true colors and mean spirits . Trust . 
Taking a step back , waiting patiently , and have \Let It Be\ " on repeat . But I broke down and bought a Plumeria scented candle . lol " 
If you all could please keep me in your prayers . The stress of everything is really getting to me and I feel like just crumbling beneath it all . Plz pray . 
Panic , restlessness , loss of appetite , extreme run around like a chicken with your head cut off type of stress , heart ache , anxiety , loss of trust & friendships , all in a week don't make for a good life right now . Im blessed to have those in my life who are supportive and encouraging . Your prayers for strength , < PROPFEMALE > , and for everything to work out SMOOTHLY , have been and will continue to be very much appreciated . <3 
Today has nothing but intensity written all over it , but all I can do is bear the weight , keep my head up , and push through . 
There is a reason for everything and everyone in your life . And I love when people or situations arise out of no where that are a complete blessing , you may not think you are , but I know you are ... I can do this , it will be difficult , but I can . Here's to a weekend of rain , it is just the comfort I need , It makes me feel at home . 
Yesterday I was overwhelmed with what I didn't have and was losing and running out of time . Today , I am counting my Blessings and looking forward , I can't let anything get in my way of being happy and working towards what I deserve in life . 
Sleepz . Much needed sleepz . 
I have an appointment to see a place in the morning ... think I might do things backwards and try out the Metro for the time being . Here's to hoping . Please pray . 
Understanding is key . 
Stay extraordinary . 
Positive steps . 
This is the worst feeling in the world ... 
Life isn't about waiting for storms to pass ... Me ? I'm learning to dance in the rain . Trust . 
You and I wake up in a jail cell together . Using only four words , what would u say to me ? Note : if you comment , u must repost as your status , so I may comment too ! 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hooker . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm disrespectful . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled by ppl . If you're a woman who is proud of who she is , then re post this . Thanks for sharing < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Como se dice winning ?! : I feast on the bones of trolls . 
I got my California drivers license !!!!! 
People are strange and often disappointing creatures . I am done tryin to understand them . Goodnight world . Goodnight Lamp . 
I have good days and then I have moments when I feel like I can't breathe . I really wish this wasn't real , that I could just wake up and none of this existed :/ 
And I'm awake why ?! 
Public transit adventure today ?!?! I think so . Come on Metro , make me feel like home . lol . Who's down ? 
A gorgeous 83° ??? Yes please ! 
Well , xbox it is . I can't wait til I get my car , best believe I will be bankin long < PROPMALE > for pch cruises . 
Subway , hockey , paramedics , long drive home . Def a full night . I hope tomorrow goes by easier . Good night jet streams in the sky . 
Okay , it is agenda makin time for today . Who wants a time slot ??? 
So this is what the LA transit system is all about .... let's see where I land . 
Today was beyond amazing . I followed what my horoscope said and just chilled by myself today . Clear head , clear heart . Thank you Lord for rest and ME time . 
Just to diffuse any future questions ... NO I don't smoke anymore . I have been sober from EVERYTHING for over a year now ( yay me ! ) , But I am still very PRO legalization . Seriously read up peoples . <3 
My soul and strength have carried me this far , my smile has lit all the dark alleys I have encountered along the way , my headphones took me in that direction , I am curious as to where my heart will lead me ? 
My Pandora is plaguing me . lol But no doubt they are good songs . 
So yesterday was epic , went to the Chinese theater , went on a tour , stared at a bunch of shiny light up things on sale , ate amazing italian food , and basked in the < PROPFEMALE > of Hollywood Land . I had been wanting to go there for a year . It's like one door closed in my life , and an entire house full of windows opened up . lol . I rebuke all negativity and accept long walks in the L.A. city night . 
Unthinkable ..... 
A nice breeze , Rummy for hours , appreciation in humanity . This weekend will be nothig but amazing . Excited for my appointment tomorrow . Walking into my future !! 
Im not lucky , I'm BLESSED ! Yes ! 
So I just got off the phone with some very good news , I GOT THE APARTMENT !!!!! North Hollywood here I come !!!!! I pick up my keys tonight and move in ASAP . All I can do is thank the Lord for giving me opportunities to move forward in my life , the strong heart to bear through and thank everyone for the prayers . I can't wait to lay my head down in my new home . <3 
You can spit all the negativity you want at me . It won't phase me . Never again will you affect my heart , soul or life . It feels sooooo good to wash my hands of such darkness that surrounded my happiness for too long ... They can have you . Trust . In that situation , all you can do is pray for someone and hope they see the light . All I care about is hearing the keys jingle in the door to my future !!! <3 
Check my credentials B , Im a strong woman of God and my mother raised me to keep my < PROPFEMALE > up in adversity , to always move forward from negativity and learn from my decisions , good and bad . You were just a stepping stone and well learned lesson in this growth process called LIFE . Thank you for your time . #kthanxbai ! 
My first night in my new home was nothing short of amazing . No stress , peace , and a very nice < PROPFEMALE > of refuge . Now for the unpacking . lol 
My Dad is a 2 1/2 yr SURVIVOR OF MALIGNANT MELANOMA , I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could PLZ put this as their status for 1 hr . Think of the ones you know or love who has/had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hr . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . I hope to see this in all the status of all my friends . 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion\ 
Today's adventure will be very interesting to say the least . Here's to timely travel . I can't wait to get HOME ! 
Pretty sure today will be a napping day . Suppose to rain and I just want to spend the evening in bed . lol 
Changes .... 
I am missing home like no other ... 
Life is insane how it plays out . Bored out my mind in this Tsunami rain . All there is to do today is read and sleep . 
Meeting someone random , worth a lifetime of happiness , them snorting winthin 5 < PROPFEMALE > . of hello . PRICELESS !!! It's all about ME !... sshhhhhh ! Lol . 
Goodmorning world . Today my apartment life begins . lol . I finally got my fridge and can stop living off of Ramen . lol . Meatloaf anyone ? 
I love the feeling of crawling into bed after a long day . Did so much today , more tomorrow . Goodnight Loves ! 
Getting caught in the rain these last two days has really caught up with me ... I'm so achey and I think I'm getting an ear infection . Boo urns ... 
I'm Ms. Ky , I'm so very ..... Love that song , but my rendition of course . lolz . No clue why I'm awake right now or thinking of that song . Haha Goodnight Sweetheart ! 
Today was a really good day . 
Today was beyond amazing . I live in a beauitful state and awesome city . Very very productive . 
This SoCal Spring weather and sunshine has stolen my heart . Perfect for exploring my new NoHo < PROPMALE > District of a hood . lol <3 
Bout to throw down on some chicken gizzards and hearts and a pineapple upside down bundt cake . Just a little more prep work and will be ready to conquer both ! 
Hello Poppet ! 
People are weird creatures . It took alot of courage and over-coming to get where I am in life . It's funny that you care enough to talk shit but not talk to me . 
Tonight felt amazing . Good food , time well spent with my new fam bam of positive energy , and hopeful futures . I can't wait for things to come . Good night FB <3 
Spending some much needed ME time today . Hair , nails , and < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPMALE > . Yessir . 
