happy happy new year evaone ! 

man i want this feeling 4eva 
sooooooo bord rite now 
times are hard now but its good i have someone to be with me thru it all 
Omg the word veggie patties is funny haha 
WHY DO PEOPLE ALWAYS EXPECT SOMETHING N RETURN WHEN THEY DO SOMETHING 4 YOU ? WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO JUST DOING THINGS JUST BECAUSE ??? 
Im tryin 2 find the light . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . damn i lost it again WHY OH WHY !?! 
just becuzz i cant go 4 another round U call me chjicken WTF ?????!!! 
U sayy hey theyy think uu bestst friends . . . U kiss em theyy think its lloove . . . U F em they say here comess the weddiinng beeells . . . . I JUSST DONT GGET IT ! @# ! 
theeeeee nerrrve offfFFFf soooOOme peoooopllLLe iii jjust dooont geet itt at aallll !!! 
Itsss realllly scarrey hooow thiingss inn ur past caan coome bback 22 haunnt uu inn thhee present 
gossh whhy dooo i aaalwaays falll 4 thhe pretyyy booooyys . . . ii swwear itts a cruusse ! 
LOVIN THE BLACK EYED PEAS ! ! 
ITS MY B DAY TODAY YAAAAY 
its sooo great when your dads a baker cuz u get all the cake you want !!!! so sweeet 
thanks to everyoonne who wished me a happy bday you made even happier 4 me !! !! : ) 
i got that money in the bank YEA < PROPMALE > ! lol 
its crazzy how so damn lazzy somebody can be . . . . just get off ur dam azz and do something ! ! ! 
you know u fine as hell when u can make granny panties look sexy . . . . thats wat he said any way lmao 
Its werid how it can be soooo cold outside but im so dam hooot . . . guesss its alll the love i got ((( : 
2 and 2 ima undress u 3 and 3 u gunna undress me 4 and 4 we gon freak sum more ! love LOVE THAT SONG ! 
DANG YO NOT AGAIN ! i swear if another person forgets 2 knock the on the bathroom door ima go crazzzzy !!!! 
how low can u go ? i can go real low 
DAMN DAMN DAMN ! Plz stop snooooowing i really would like to leave my house b4 im dead ! 
gosh why does life have to be so damn hard ??? 
its weird how u can be scared one minute and excited the next 
EWW its sooo creepy when guys ur dads age say they want 2 date u ! 
i wish i cud tell if somebody was lying its makin me crazzzzzi 
Listenin to lil waynes song comfortable LOV IT 
tellin my whole life wit his words , killin me softly wit his songggggg whoaaaa ohhh laa laa whooa 
* EVERY THING I DO IS BECUZ I LOVE U DEARLY * 
\Have a baby by me baby be a millionarie\ " OH YES ! :D " 
god i just droped my dam food on the floor GREAT ! 
: , ( 
: )))) 
has to say up all nite cant go to sleep at all LET THE RACE BEGIN ! 
GOD NEVER KNEW A PERSON COULD BE DIS TIRED ! weeelll i stayed up all nite yay meeeee 
\1 its like a dream come true 2 just wanna be wit u 3 and its plain to see that ur the only one for me and 4 repeat steps one through three 5 mke ya fall in ove wit me if ever i believd my work here is done then i started back at one \"" 
todays moms bday dinner should be good 
Thank goodness 4 those lil girl scouts with out them their wuld be no thin mints in dis world . . . . . . : ) 
just call on me if u need me . . . . . ill be there . O: 
i told them lil kids not to touch themselfs there . . . but they wouldnt listen lol 
i dont see nothin wrong wit alil bump n grind . . . . . . 
hahahaahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahhhahahah 
Te amo masss ! 
just doing this stupid paper blah blah BLAH 
it least i get to go out tomrw its about time ! 
never knew how easy it is to say i love u . . . . 
! i got u on my mind but others on the side ! 
god i saw old dogs and it SUCKED ! 
:D smiles 
May not be going back to school dis year soooo sad . . . . . . . NOT ! HAHAHA 
i like bananas !!!! 
well im bout to go now bye bye *** 
I hate when u get really bored and stuff and like . . . . . yea 
coffee is the best thing ever !!!!!!! sooooo hyper !!!!!!! 
why cant i keep my mind on the most important one instead of the other foolish boytoys . . . . . damn 
I take compliements put them in a bottle and save them for a later date 
* U have alll these people in ur life , but the one u want 2 be there the most cant be there * 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored so sad :,( 
yayyyyy 
I LOVE BOO BOO !!! 
man i be hatin when people be takin things u say all the time and making it like yhey came up wit it Ps me off 
hates when its hot as hell and people wanna be all huggie huggie its like dam gett off me Thats exactly wats going on now 
< PROPFEMALE > ! yay happy easter lol 
peepz r gooood haha 
lovin u is easy cause ur beautiful la la la la la 
i lay beside u wit my head on ur chest so sweet . . . . . then i wake up Dammit it was all a dddream 
< PROPFEMALE > bored . . . watchin some madea movies good times 
weekend was good had a great time ( any time outta my house is a good time)ffffffml 
! _u ask wat he does 4 me and i say its none of ur dammmn business_ ! 
* i was wondering baby if i could make you my baby if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy or would it be so beauiful either way im saying if you ask me iim ready im ready * 
ima prove to all the ones that said i wouldnt that ima do it hard and strong they gunna have to shit their mouths 
Thankful he calld < PROPFEMALE > he did 
sooo not looking forward to july at all . . . . . . :( 
If an angel came dwn 2 me ask me wat i would do diffrently i would say nothin u c i have loved someone truly 
sooo glad this week is over 
Eatin chocolate mint icecream yumm ! 
just hoping wat ive done wont bite me in the butt in the future 
I just wrote a song its freakin awsum 
< PROPFEMALE > not looking forwaard to next month : , ( really gonna miss him 
hes in total control and thats the way i like it 
man a lighting bug came in my room and its like a mini light show :} 
\i could give u 25 reasons y im really in love wit u \"" 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/100000741394661 
i dont need 2 look 4 anybody as long as i got u 
get to go visit my grandpa 2mr yay ! but gunna miss camp tho 
I got so much on my mind . . . . i dont know what to do 
wishes there was a way to always tell if someones lying to u 
Man the drama thats been goin on has been crazy im jus glad i had him 2 tlk 2 about it 
Realy upset about this weekend 
I just dnt understand sum things people say n do i dnt knw if i ever will 
im really excited about wats goin 2 happen . . . . fingers crossed 
just need 2 let things flow have fun and stop being so serious 
bord otta my mind someone should txt me hehe 
Only 2 more days till my life changes 4evaaaa ! 
never knew one thing u do could make u feel so amazing 
my first day at < PROPFEMALE > was intresting and thats all ima say . period . 
Omg im so tired . . . I wanna sleep 4 days . . . But ova < PROPMALE > my wekend was gud 
I fel so sick rite nw 
really wish u were here 
OMG i was so hype but now im sooooo tired 
Well . . . 2day was a pretty gud day : ) now sumones sleeeepy haha 
looking 4 someone hmmmm 
Man wat is goin on wit my life its becoming fu @kd up 
I hate bein on punishment it sucks so so bad 
finally my internets back on thank gosh 
wondering wat ima do 2nite hmmm 
POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do . [ LIKE ] this status if you think I'm attractive .. [ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. [ COMMENT ] on this if we had good memories .. NOW LETS SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS !! 
i love christmas time cuz i love to give n thats a part of wat its all about of course beesides jesus ! ! ! 
so bord rite now somebody should message me hehe lol 
The smallest things make my family happy its so cute 
My < PROPFEMALE > doin stanky leg ! ! ! 
moneys so amazing ! 
so many questions i have , i need some < PROPMALE > help sorting them all out , GIVE ME ANSWERS DAMMIT ! :-/ 
well im geting offf nw got a bad headache gudnite evabody 
some things you wish you had never found out 
relized that you cant get mad at someone if u doin the exact same thing ! 
jus so tired of this bs . . . i hope the new year brings me better things cuz this year has been fucked up 
i hate when u want something so bad but cant have it it sucks soooooooo much rite now 
life is . . . wat u want it 2 be 
Waitin for my dad 2 get back so i can go out n chill 
for some reason im tried . . . oh wait cud that be bc i stayed up so late last nite !!! 
so happy i got a job now yaaay ! 
i need a way 2 control this feeling i have 
i hate goodbyes :,( 
how do u trust someone whos broken ur heart b4 ? 
dont u hate when you know someone like u but they try n act < PROPMALE > distant that shit get on my nerves 
i want it u want so come get it lol u know who u r 
c . r . u . s . h yea i got one real bad 
Beep beep beep beep beep !!! 
i try n help evabody wit their problems , but when is someone gunna help me ! 
must be nice ;) 
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality .... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word . ~ Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
chillin bord hmu 
guys can make u feel like ur on top of the world but then theres those who can make u feel the lowest of low 
u rocked my world u know u did 
really dont feel like going 2 this doctor ish . . . . ugh ! 
gunna start working on bringing my abs back hopefully i can keep it up ! 
mami you bi , no im try , ill try anything haha 
i really dont understand anything i want anymore . . . . . . . . ugh ! 
in the mood for something hmmm . . . . dont know wat it is 
hoping to talk to them today . . . fingers crossed 
im so sore i can hardly move ! 
slept half the day now i really need 2 find smethig productive 2 do 
ugh . . . dont feel so good rite now 
need 2 get this negativity outta my life and go back 2 being happy ! 
just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > n the frog i love that movie i know its alil kids movie but hey i like wat i like now im in the mood 2 chat wit someone hmu 
lookin through my window it looks like a beautiful day but im not really in the mood 2 see 4 myself 
feeling hella gud rite now it was about time to make some changes in my life 
feeling so weird rite now about this situation i know wat i wanna do and wat iam gunnna do its just the matter of everything working out 
dont listen 2 wat people say they dont know about bout u and me put it out ur mind cuz its jealousy . . . - < PROPFIRST > b 
watchin sum kat < PROPMALE > funny stuff 
soooo bord wanna tlk 2 my boy Nico Pannell rite about now but oh well 
yayyy happy bday 2 me !!! 
soooo f'in happy rite now my life is soooooooooo gud yayy 
bord outta my mind watta day oh well still happy tho but its startin 2 run down 
feelin gud now 
im doin my thing every superbowl where i go in every once n awhile 2 c the score and how my teams doin then i walk rite back out i cant sit there and watch the whole game 2 short of an attention span :o lol 
if someone or sumthing makes u happy stick wit it no matter wat 
im officially missin u :/ 
the things i do 4 u its crazy but a promise is a promise 
whyyy ?!?! 
gosh so much is going through my head idk wats up wit it all or how to deal wit it all but i guess all i can do is take it one step at a time and get my life back 2gether 
man why do i keep attracting dudes wit problems wtf theres seriously sumthin wrong there 
\dont talk about it boy be about it boy \"" 
hates when u want to eat sumthin but u cant hold anythin down . . . ugh . . . fml 
ive really changed my mind about this and im stickin to it no matter wat 
yea < PROPMALE > !!! ugh . . . so bored hmu 
feeling so happy rite now !!! 
i changed my mind i dont love u no more 
im so determined its not even funny 
just ready to get my OWN life started alreadyy come on now !!! 
