Freaking out ... only 6 days ! 

Cant wait to get this over with ... Five and a half days left ! 
Only two more days to go !... desperately trying to relax ! I cant wait until this is over with ! 
In a matter of hours my and Elysia's entire future will be decided by a Judge . Please pray that whatever is decided is whats best for Elysia . 
I am sure the prayers really helped !!! Because , court went extreemly well for me , and I got more than I asked for ! I can finally exhale and take a deep breath ! 
Living life and breathing deep !!! 
EXHAUSTED !!! 
Everybodys okay , but I'm exaughsted ! 
Im loving the new changes on farm town ... new crops , new flowers , and you can hire to plow .... wahoo ! 
Trying to recooperate ! 
Im going to do my best to try and enjoy the next 24 hrs without Elysia , and not worry about things . Gotta keep busy though ! 
Sewing ! 
ohhh the drama never ends ! 
Tomorrow , I am cleaning the pool ... unless it rains , lol . 
okay ... here is a tough one .... how do you tell your daughter its not okay to write on walls or on herself ... when her mom does henna tattoos on people and murals on walls ... lol 
On my way outside now .... its time to clean this pool ! 
relaxed :) 
I cant believe I have to start back to work tomorrow ! Somewhat excited , and somewhat bummed . 
Wishen I could go do something ! 
Getting ready to go back to work tommorrow ! Excited to see the kids again , yet bummed about the lack of free time I will have . Where did the summer go , it was the shortest summer break in school history ! ( lol ) oh ... and Elysia is excited to hear that I wil 
Great first day back at school ! but ... whew ... Im exaughsted ... lol 
Exaughsted ! 
I finally got my signed copy of the court orders today ! yay ! 
We've only been back at school for a week , and I already caught some type of bug . I feel awful ! Its also ironic that this week's theme is rules , manors , and germs ... lol ! 
is in awe of how smart my child is !!!! She just finished a 25 < PROPFEMALE > preschool workbook in about 30 minutes .... wow ! 
Yard sale ! Yard sale ! Yard sale ! 
Exhausted ! 
Just got back from the Chiropractor .... awww I feel great ( until tomorrow of course ... lol ) 
Went to the fair !!! So Much Fun , but now I am exauhsted ... lol ( pics coming soon ) 
Awesome ! 
Is apparently going to be at home for a few days ! 
Elysia seems to be better , so I am cleaning like a mad woman ! This house is nearly sterile ! 
Just got home from a small bean breaking party ! 
I am already exhausted , and I’ve got a really hectic and hard week ahead of me ... the kids at school are all overwhelmingly excited about fall break next week ; however that doesn’t help me especially when our state inspection is Friday ( the last day before fall break ) . Oh and did I mention that I am trying to get ready for Saturday which is one of my busiest henna events for the year . 
Everything is still a little crazy ... lol State inspection went really well ( as usual , so I dont know why I get so stressed about it ) . Everybody cross your fingers that the Henna event goes well tomorrow and I make some serious bank ! :) 
Exhausted ! Sunburnt ( only one one side ... lol) ! and I think my arm could fall off from drawing so much ! but made some decent money ! Wahoo ! 
Elysia's first camping trip was soooo much fun ! :) 
Back to work tomorrow ! The break from work never seems long enough , but I do miss the kids and cant wait to see those rascals ! :) 
Will someone please send me a CHICKEN COOP on farmville :) 
You dont have to send me anymore chicken coops or chickens in farmville ... lol unless you just really want to ! 
... 
I hope everyone has a happy 2011 , and this decade turns out to be wonderful for everyone ! 
Wow .. I had way too much fun bringing in the new year :) lol 
Uhhgg ... Elysia is still sick :( 
Schools out for weather !!!! 
tan 
has truely realized that I am not as young as I used to be , yet in many ways just as dumb ! lol 
Its funny how when we are afraid we see what we most fear in a situation , rather than what might really be happening . 
Had a blast going out on Saturday , tired from work today lol ... but I guess thats what happens when you've been off for two weeks :) 
Apparently child support enforcement has located my ex's employer and is in the process of trying to garnish his wages .... its about time ! Keep your fingers crossed for me , because we all know its never REALLY easy ! 
Cant wait to go out tomorrow night ! :) 
Headed to Nashville in search of fun ! :) 
is loving this beautiful weather !!! :) 
Looking forward to this three day weekend !!! :) 
Bar stool 
I just fixed the a/c on my < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! and I only broke one nail ! 
Yards mowed !!! and Im dirty lol 
Im sooo burnt ! LOL 
is thinking I should have gone out and watched the UFC fights last night ! :( 
The weather is sooo nice , do we really have to go back to work tomorrow ? 
Im not sure what's happend to me , but I've obviously lost my mind ! I have several good looking guys that want to date me . They seem nice , they have good jobs , and a couple of them are even full time dads .... I just cant bring myself to go out with them , when all I think about is you ! 
has found the light at the end of the tunnel !!! :) 
Headed to the park for a jog ! =) yay ! 
Going jogging at the park again :) Yay me time lol 
Just got back from the soccer game . Nephew won by 1 , and neices team tied . Both were really good games ! Now , we are headed out to the park to enjoy this beautiful weather ! 
Question , Ive gotten back into jogging and running again . My < PROPFEMALE > s kill me for the first 2 < PROPMALE > or so ( which I figure is < PROPFEMALE > splints ) but I keep going and eventually they are fine . Sometimes during the day , I will occasionally roll my ankle around or step wrong and a numbing sensation will shoot up the outside of my < PROPFEMALE > . My < PROPFEMALE > s are sore ( for good reason ) , but the tingling is concerning me .... What could it be ??? 
is having a wonderfully awesome day !!!! ;) 
Hoping to get some \me\ " time at the park in a little while ! and hoping my shins dont kill me if I do lol :) " 
Long day today ! but YAY for Friday !!!!!! Im determined to have some fun !!! 
Relaxing , watching , and enjoying the storms ! :) 
There is a stupid nail in my tire ! So , that sorta blows my plans for tonight ! Sorta sucks ! 
Cant say too much yet , but my life is about to change ! Holding my breath and crossing my fingers that its the right thing in the long run ! 
well , its definate now . I just accept a transfer to a new school ! I start there Friday , and I will be going back to college in the fall ! 
Stupid Stupid Stupid STUPID @#&$ EX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGG 
What in the world makes a parent think that after disappearing for 10 months they can waltz back in and start making demands and decisions ? Has he lost his mind , or am I wrong for not allowing that ? 
I hope everyone is staying dry !! Personally I am waiting on an ark to go floating by anytime now ! ;) 
The lights are flickering .... :( keeping my fingers crossed !!!! 
Well , He's been served ! Now I am just worried about what he might do next :/ 
I really need floral brackets !!!!! PLEASE ! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there ! 
:) 
Tomorrow I will officially be the mother of a 4 year old : ? Happy Birthday to Elysia ! 
I dont know what is going on , but there is some seriously depressing status updates from several of my friends ! CHEER UP ! If the world didnt suck we would all fall off ! 
Just got back from the park . I had bought some shape-up shoes and wore them for the first time today ! I only did a mile and a half , but got a great work out and no < PROPFEMALE > splints !!! Yay !! =) 
Had a blast jogging at the park with < PROPFEMALE > and the girls ! Then came home and helped Elysia practice some t-ball ( she's getting good) ! Lots of fun , but exaughsting =) 
Looking forward to doing Henna all day Saturday at the Celtic Country Faire in Lebanon ! Forcast is calling for great weather , and I am hoping for a busy busy day ! 
is doing henna at the lebanon fairgrounds for the celtic country faire ! 
is sick ! blah :( I have a sinus infection and a red swollen throat . I got some antibiotics that I hate taking ! :( Stupid Tennessee allergies ! 
hmmmmmm 
Only one day left !!! Wahoooo ! =) 
is in a strange mood tonight ! Watch out world ! lol 
Schools out !!!! YAAAAAAAY !!! =) 
is looking for something to get into !! 
If its not one thing , then its another ! =( 
You know you had fun when you dont look at your watch to check the time , and after you get home you notice you have 4 blisters on your feet . LOL =) 
I realize age is just a number , but Im starting to feel old because of the number . LOL 
Can we pretent that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now ! 
Loving the pool today !!! =) 
has had an awesome day !!! Washed the < PROPFIRST > , played for hours in the pool , then Elysia let me jog and kept up with me on her bike for a whole mile !!! Wahoo !! =) 
Disapointed =( 
I wanna go skinny dipping alone =) 
Counting down the days until we go camping =) ... only three and a half days left !!! 
wow ... I just got this overwhelming feeling of being old ! 
Soooo .... Tomorrow is the big camping and canoe trip !!!! Cant wait , but theres a lot to do ! 
Going camping !!!!! Wahooooo !! See yall sunday =) 
Just spent 15 hours straight painting ... and Im still not finished :( 
Well hmmmm .... Its the last weekend I have off for a while , Ive already paid the babysitter , and yet ..... I have nothing to do ... hmmm Sooo ... message me if you want to get into anything ! 
The porch is finally painted ! WAHOOOO YAY ! 
Leaving in the morning to do henna in Smithville ! Its supposed to be a beautiful 85 degrees !! 
Its a great day for henna at the Smithville Jamboree !! 
is having an awesome day !!!!!!!!!! :) 
Just found out court has been delayed until the end of August :( 
OMG .......... I JUST RECIEVED CHILD SUPPORT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ive never gotten a single < PROPFEMALE > before , and its been 3 years ! WOW .... I could pass out from shock !!! 
is on cloud nine ! LOL ;) 
is taking Elysia on a train ride to Nashville to get ice cream ! This sould be a fun adventure ! 
I cant believe I only have one week left until I start back to work ! I miss the kids , but where did the summer break go ? 
I just found out Elysia's dad is moving back to Tennessee ! WTF !!!! %#@& ! $+* ? 
So , I think I just succeeded in running off another great guy :( \ 
( Its probably going to eventually become the story of my life . ) \ 
It probably goes back to the last FB note I posted . 
\Often it is the most deserving people who cannot help loving those who destroy them . \ " -Hermann Hesse " 
im sooo proud of Elysia . She got three shots at the doctors and didnt even flinch !!!! Were at the ice cream shop getting her a reward :) 
\True love begins when nothing is looked for in return . \ " - < PROPMALE > De Saint Exupery " 
\You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Glidewell " 
\Turn your wounds into wisdom\ " -Oprah Winfrey " 
is high on life :) 
I know I shouldnt , but I missed you the second you left , and I think about you every second of the day . 
\Dont pray for easy lives . Pray to be stonger . \ " - < PROPFIRST > F Kennedy " 
?? ?? ??? ???? ???? ?? ???? ???? ?????? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ????? ?? ????? ??. ?????? ????? ???? ?????? ??? ??? ???. ??? ????? ?? ???? ?????? ???? ?? ??? ??????? ?? ???? ??? ????. 
is so glad I got to go out to COE and see the kids . Ive missed them like crazy and they have all grown sooooo much ! :) 
\A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Winchell " 
Moms who traded their eyeliners for dark circles , salonhaircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings Designerbags for diaperbags , and wouldn't change a thing . This is for those moms who don't care about what they gave up ; instead LOVE what they got in return . 
?? ????? ???? ??? ??? ????? ??? ????? ????? ?? ??????? ????? ?? ?? ???. ???? ?? ??? ?? ??????? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ????? ?? ???? ??? ????? ???. 
\Love is what we were born with . Fear is what we learned here . \ " -unknown " 
Courage does not always roar . Sometimes its the quiet voice at the end of the day that says , \I will try again tomorrow . \"" 
\Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly\ " - < PROPFIRST > F Kennedy " 
I dont want to know if this day can get any crazier ! Just praying this evening goes well ! 
God < PROPMALE > me the < PROPFEMALE > to deal with stupid people , the tolerance to not smack the ass holes , and the empathy to feel sorry for them ! 
Thank you to all of the ex's in my life , for the wounds and scars that run so deep I cant recognize a good man standing in front of me , and when I do my fears succeed in my own self sabotage . 
\Dogs are wise . They crawl away into a quiet corner and lick their wounds and do not rejoin the world until they are whole once more\ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > " 
I am completely real . Ive never had cosmetic surgery . I dont wear fake or acrylic nails . I dont dye my hair . My tan didnt come from a bottle . I am me . -- Lets see how many girls can honestly repost this . 
Just got through jogging for the first time in two months . Ive missed it a lot , and Elysia kept up for a little over a mile :) 
Is stressed about court tomorrow , even though I really shouldnt be ! Hopefully I will get to go for another jog this evening which will help clear my head . 
waiting for court to start -he has actually shown up -we`ll see what happens ! 
Court is over for now . Its a long story , but basically I got what i wanted and he didnt go to jail ( yet ) . I think thats a win win for us both . I`ll post details later :) 
YAY !!! Tomorrow is FRIDAY !!!! Wahoooooo ! :) 
oh what a night !! ;) 
\A man is never drunk if he can lay on the floor without holding on . \ " - < PROPFIRST > E < PROPFIRST > " 
I try to make my decisions in life so that I wont have to live with regret , but what do you do when either path you choose will likely lead to regret ? 
is so glad to have people to talk to who know me so well and have for so long ! Thank you ! 
\Whats the point of this armor if it keeps the love away too . I'd rather bleed with cuts of love than to live without any scars . \"" 
Since I cant go for a jog and clear my mind .... Im eating chocolate cupcakes smothered in peanut butter LOL 
I wish I could crawl in bed and sleep for a year , but I know that wont solve anything . 
is actually going to get to jog by myself tonight ! :) 
\May the love hidden deep inside your heart find the love waiting in your dreams . May the laughter that you find in your tomorrow wipe away the pain you find in your yesterdays . \ " -Unknown " 
really needs to go to the chiropractor , but he's closed on wednesdays :( 
\The road to success is always under construction . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Tomlin " 
is sick :( blah 
\Do what you fear and the fear can exist no more . \"" 
I just found and purchased eight episodes of \Punky Brewster\ " ! Im stoked ! lol " 
\Never give up on someone you cant go a day without thinking about . \ " -unknown " 
ATTENTION >>> My phone BROKE !!!! I will be getting a new one soon , but I have lost everyones phone < PROPFIRST > .... So send me a facebook message with your number if you still want me to have it :) 
Okay ... Ive gotten the new phone . I still have my same number :) but I DONT HAVE ANYONES < PROPFIRST > !!! :( 
I just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
is finally freaking out .... The stress is taking its toll on my body , and Ive got at least two more weeks of this . 
Holy crap ! Four Mile Canyon is burning !!!!! :( 
I am shocked , yet I know it can happen . I am saddend by the losses , yet over joyed by the compassion in strangers . I miss that the most about Colorado , the way anyone would help a stranger and everyone always smiled at each other . 
Life is crazy , and its getting harder just to breathe ! 
I think some Doctors should have taken a class on common sense and how to listen during all those years in medical school ! 
Is enjoying this nice beautiful weather , and wishing I was allowed to go for a jog . 
“I like someone who is a little crazy when it is coming from a good place . I think scars are sexy because it means you were brave enough to risk a mistake and strong enough to survive the mess . ” 
I just slept for 12 hours straight , and I am still tired :( Hopefully this craziness will all be over soon ! 
I can never forget the feelings I had on this day years ago . Confusion , yet overwhelming sorrow for all those people and their familys as I watched the towers burn and collapse . The eerie silence in the sky , as planes stopped flying overhead . Its a day where anyone can tell you exactly what they were doing at that moment . 
Is loosing it .... hopefully they can fix this soon ! 
Why cant I sleep forever ! 
just wants to get back to being my normal self again ! ( I never realized how much this could affect someone . ) 
So ... its set ... this Thursday September 16th at 8:30 am ... Im hoping it all goes very smoothly , and I can get back to normal . -- Well my \normal\ " self anyway LOL " 
Its not death that scares me , it’s the unimaginable loss my child would suffer that terrifies me . 
Less than 12 hours to go ! 
Here I go 
I survived 
This is too crazy ... lol ... Im either in pain or I take pain killers and they knock me out .. lol I wish I could find an in between . 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” - < PROPFIRST > McCloskey ... too funny and < PROPFEMALE > true sometimes 
\Depression is what happens to those who have been strong for too long . \ " -Unknown " 
Just got back from the doctors . I didnt realize how bad it was , and how lucky I am . No wonder Ive been in so much pain . Now ... Im taking some much needed time to cuddle on the couch with my girl and watch movies . 
A couple reasons I might lose my mind tonight lol .... I have cabin fever , Elysia is spending the night with her aunt , I cant really go anywhere or do anything ( since I just had surgery ) , I have to go to court again in the morning , and my computer broke ! Hmmm 
cant stop writting ! ( and I have court in the morning uhhgg ) 
Well , Im at court and he is too . We'll see ! 
He paid ;) -to be continued till next month lol 
Feeling a little better today ! :) 
Wow , today keeps getting brighter :) -Court went well , Elysia's been drawing me super sweet pictures , and my computer motherboard just arrived !!!! :) :) :) 
Sometimes it takes making a connection with someone who has had a much worse life and had to endure even more horrible things than yourself to open your our eyes and see our idiotic pity party and embrace that what we have is awesome . 
I have had one hell of an AWESOME day ! ( Maybe this roller coaster Ive been on is finally going to level out :) 
Really wanting to get out of the house ! 
I either need a stronger intuition or no intuition at all , cause its really aggrivating sometimes . 
The weather was awesome today , sure wish I could be jogging ;) 
is off work for two weeks :) ...... now , Im wondering what im gonna do ?? lol 
I just slept for 11 hours :) , but my abdomen is still so sore and bruised . Im really starting to wonder when I am going to fully get over surgery . 
is taking Elysia to see her daddy today . 
Is probably heading to Murfreesboro this evening ( since I dont get a kid sitter all that often ) . Possibly hanging out with Big < PROPMALE > somewhere , anybody else up for hanging out ? 
Had a great time tonight getting to see and < PROPFEMALE > out with some old friends ! :) 
Played frisbee golf for the first time today , and had a great time . It was really fun ! 
Got a song stuck in my head , at least its a good song ;) 
I wish fall break lasted all fall , instead of just two weeks . I also wish I got paid for the time off and could still see these cute babies . Since I cant have all that ... Im back at work . ;) 
\Life isnt a disney movie and love isnt perfect \"" 
Taking Elysia to pick a pumpkin . This is her first year to carve one ;) 
I finally bought Elysia and I some frisbees so we can go play disc golf :) ( or just spend a lot of time chasing and finding them lol ) 
OH LORD ... Just got the Toys R US Christmas book in the mail ... and realized today that Christmas is exactly 2 months away ! Crap ! 
This day just keeps getting worse 
I am soooo sick . 
is really looking forward to my date tonight !! ;) 
So apparently , Im still not ready for the whole dating thing . I think its gonna be a while :( 
\One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you cant utter . \ " ~ James < PROPMALE > Jones " 
If you want to bitch about politics then you need to get off your ass and vote , because the only change you can make from your recliner is the channel ;) 
Just bought the tickets to take Elysia to her first concert ! We're going to see < PROPFIRST > with the Nashville Symphony ;) So excited !!!!! 
Friday , I love you ! The only thing better than you is Saturday :) 
Saturday oh saturday .... Please please dont go away ... Just be you everyday ... find someway for the week to delay ... Saturday oh Saturday ... Please please just say that you will stay ;) 
Headed out to find some trouble LOL ;) 
Well ... that was fun !! 
Taking Elysia to see her Daddy 
Okay seriously !!!! It really really sucks to have your car break down when your with your freaken ex ! This blows ! 
FINALLY heading home :) 
So according to the radio this morning ... Tennessee is ranked the highest in depression . They believe it due to the fact that we have more obesity , heart disease , and diabetes here . Wahoooo , yeah , at least we're number 1 at something ! 
I cant wait for this weekend ... IM SUPER EXCITED !!!!!!!! 
Thank you to all those serving , to those who have served , and to the families of those who haven fallen . Your sacrifices are noticed and appreciated ! 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” ~ Unknown 
Tonights the night !... Elysia's going to her first concert !!!!! So excited !! 
SOOOO FREAKING PISSED !!!! 
I am headed out ( kid free lol ) .... text me if anybody wants to go do something 615-732-9637 
Had a good time tonight ! I would have watched the UFC fight , but I was too deep in conversation ! lol :) 
“Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply , to enjoy simply , to think freely , and to risk life . ” ~ Storm Jameson 
My poor little tomboy < PROPFEMALE > just threw up on the way home from school :( Hopefully its a bug she will get over quick ! 
“A friend is one that knows you as you are , understands where you have been , accepts what you have become , and still , gently allows you to grow . ” ~ William Shakespeare 
“One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . ” 
Its gonna be a crazy busy weekend , lets just hope its fun too ;) 
I am thankful for such an awesome family and great friends :) 
Uhhg ... Taking Elysia for a visit with her daddy ... at least its a beautiful day today !! 
Did you know ... You can use the cd \dark side of the moon\ " as a soundtrack to the \ " wizard of oz\ " movie -start the cd when the MGM lion roars for the third time ... Apparently theres some strange synchronicities ;) " 
ahhhh Finally home .... I hope one day this girl realizes just how much I love her ! 
My familty Thanksgiving is today ... turkey urky urky ... turkey for me ! 
Let the pecan farming begin LOL 
Uhhhhgggg ... my belly ... why is there sooooo much good food ! 
wheeewwww ... while that was fun ... Im glad its over LOL ... picked up too many pecans , ate too much turkey ( not to mention chocolate desserts ) , chased too many kids , and did way too much black friday pre planning ! But man .. I have an awesome family ! 
\Maybe\ " I will \ " Breathe Again \"" 
After today ... 5 days off work !! Wahooooo ! 
I am thankful for thanksgiving LOL ... cause I am currently off work for the next five days !!! Yay 
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away” ~ Unknown 
“Look at life through the windshield , not the rear-view mirror” ~ Byrd Baggett 
Thankful I had thanksgiving last sunday ;) But to those of you having thanksgiving today well , HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
If anybody wants to brave the toys r us sale with me tonight at 10 ... TEXT ME ;) 
Had a blast shopping ... even standing in the rain for 3 hours was fun ! 
“Life is the < PROPMALE > of drawing without an eraser . ” ~ John W Gardner 
“Im strong , but I break . Im stubborn and I make plenty of mistakes . Yeah Im hard , and life with me is never easy ; to figure out , to love . Im jaded but oh so lovely . ” 
“I don't want to be tough , and I don't want to be proud . I don't need to be fixed , and I certainly don't need to be found . I'm not lost . ” 
“Run your fingers through my soul . For once , just once , feel exactly what I feel , believe what I believe , perceive as I perceive , look , experience , examine , and for once ; just once , understand . ” ~ Unknown 
what a day ... what a day !! 
“I want to be remembered as the girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken , and the one that could always brighten up your day even if she couldn't brighten her own . ” ~ Unknown 
Seriously !!!! 
I was just informed at work that I am eligible for retirement in 29 years and 11 months !! 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” ~ Maria Robinson 
I swear my next vehicle will not have power windows !! Because apparently Im going to be driving home from work in 40 degree weather with a 4 yr old and the stupid window down ! :( 
“When we long for life without difficulties , remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure” ~ Peter < PROPFIRST > ( I love this quote !!! ) 
“Happiness is a butterfly , which when pursued , is always just beyond your grasp , but which , if you will sit down quietly , may alight upon you” ~ Nathaniel Hawthorne 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . Keep it until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but a stash of childhood memories . This is an awareness campaign to eliminate violence against children ! Do your part and share a memory ... Protect our children . 
Had an incredibly great time last night :) 
“Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . ” ~ Unknown 
Oh what a day !!! Planning to relax and hope tomorrow isnt as hectic ;) 
Number Game : \ 
Send me a number to my inbox and prepare for the HONEST TRUTH 
#695 : its been a while , Most of what I can go off of is 17 years ago . Back then you were stubborn , whiney , and a bitch . I do believe you overcame and grew a whole lot since then . From what I know of you now you seem to be fun , social , and a great mom ;) Im glad you matured lol 
Wow ... this < PROPFIRST > thing is interesting ... keep em coming ! 
2319 : I would have to consider you one of my oldest friends even though we we lost touch for many years . We share experiences that not to many could understand . You are an incredibly strong and wonderful person . I have always appreciated your blunt honesty , and I wish you lived next door so that on the occasion when I get depressed you could slap the stupid out of me . ;) 
8691 : Hmmmm ..... I will admit we had some crazy , insain , and happy times years ago . I know you've had a lot of hard times , endured many struggles , and overcome great losses . Just remember you always have choices in this life . Choose to be happy , even if its only for the shoes on your feet or the shirt on your back . 
#22 : You are an incredible person . You < PROPFEMALE > the weight of a few worlds on your shoulders and let nothing stand in your way . You are strong , loving , hilarious , and bluntly honest . You have endured more than your fair share of mistreatment and yet you dont feel as though the world owes you anything . My own life is made better through knowing you , and when your not around I miss you ! 
“I want to be a race car passenger : just a guy who bugs the driver . Say man , can I turn on the radio ? You should slow down . Why do we gotta keep going in circles ? Can I put my feet out the window ? Man , you really like Tide ... ” ~ Mitch Hedberg 
There was a gorgeous purple sky this morning on my way to work , and a rainbow on my way home last night !! Too cool ! ;) 
Is feeling oh so loved ;) 
is thinking its a great night to make my infamous chilli ;) 
Elysia is going to see her daddy today 
Let it snow ... Let it snow ... Let it snow !! ;) 
???? ?? ??? ????? ????? ???? ????? ?????? ??? ;) 
Wahoo ... schools out again tomorrow ! ( While I am happy about that ... we had better go back on Wednesday or I am going to be broke ;) 
“I believe you should live each day as if it is your last , which is why I don't have any clean laundry , because , come on , who wants to wash clothes on the last day of their life ? ” 
Ohhh this looks fun !! NOT ! \ 
Wednesday : A < PROPMALE > of snow before noon , then snow , freezing rain , and sleet likely . Cloudy , with a high near 31 . < PROPMALE > of precipitation is 60% . \ 
Wednesday Night : Freezing rain likely before midnight , then rain or freezing rain likely between midnight and 4am . 
Covering my eyes :( 
Taking Elysia to the doctor ... temperature of 101.5 and a sore throat ... Im pretty sure she has strep :( 
For some reason today I have a lot on my mind ... for now , Im going to try just letting it go and bury myself in cleaning . 
\The main reason < PROPFEMALE > is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live” ~ George Carlin " 
Is it wrong that while my mom has my kid out shopping , I am going through her room donating all the crap she doesnt play with ? I doubt she will even know its gone ! 
What a gorgeous day for December !! 
K ... so .. apparently there have been some technical difficulites and I havent been getting my texts . Im not ignoring anybody . 
Really ? Could it happen ? Forcast says ... Christmas Day : Snow likely . Mostly cloudy , with a high near 36 . North northwest wind between 10 and 15 mph , with gusts as high as 25 mph . < PROPMALE > of precipitation is 60% . 
Mmm Mmm Good ! 
We just watched the Polar Express , Elysia gave us the play by play before it happened through the entire movie . lol 
Taking Elysia to hear the lovely < PROPFEMALE > sing tonight at 3 Brothers in Murfreesboro ;) 
Ahhhh home again !! 
Okay ... I got this fancy smancy glittery red wrapping paper ... you know \the kind < PROPFEMALE > uses\ " ;) ... anyway I now have red glitter all over me and everything else !... it looks like an elf has sneazed in here ! lol Hopefully Elysia wont make the connection lol " 
Walmart Ahhhh !! 
Sanity now ! and serenity too ! lol 
Wow .. Christmas comes early !! 
Okay ... First , I must say that I loooove my family ... but after 4 hallmark christmas love movies ... Uhhgg !! 
Supervising Elysias visit with her daddy today . 
I love cookies ! 
Taking Elysia along with my niece and nephew to see \Tangled \"" 
Why does every movie have to be a stupid love story ! ... but \Tangled\ " was cute I guess . " 
I want to wish everyone a Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > , but please keep it happy ... \ 
be safe ;) \ 
( save your speeding , swerving , redneck tricks , and drunken stunts for after January 2nd lol ) 
A little chilly but a GORGEOUS day ! 
Elysias feeling better ( no more fever ) . So its back to school tomorrow ! I know she'll be thrilled to get out of the house ;) 
All I can say is Thank God for Reeses cups !! Lol 
This is hilarious ... and of course my usual luck ... I bought a lottery ticket for the $355 million jackpot drawing tonight ... its got 5 tickets worth on it ... and I cant find it to check the < PROPFIRST > ! LMAO 
Rain rain go away , let it snow some more today ! :) 
Life is funny sometimes ... for a second this afternoon , I thought I was about to get some REALLY bad news , but then it turned out to be something pretty minor . Its funny , because I nearly had a panic attack thinking this was serious , and while its still sorta bad news , now it seems so minor compared to what I was thinking ! LOL 
Ugghhh ... They say when it rains , it pours ... Well , Im thirsty anyway ... 
Watch out , Im working on a new theme song for my life ;) lol 
SERIOUSLY !! 
Mmmm triple fudge walnut brownies SOOOO yummy ! 
Its snowing again ! 
We got more snow last night !! Did somebody move our entire state about 1000 < PROPMALE > north recently ? Because this is starting to seem like a bad joke . 
Cabin fever is starting to set in !! I think I might brave the road tomorrow , but we'll see . 
Well ... apparently there is no school again tomorrow ... Hmmm\ 
On one hand its nice , but on the other hand the kids and I are bored , and the paycheck's gonna suck ! \ 
Oh ... what to do ... what to do ... 
Wow ... I am an ass !!!! 
I think its going to be another drunken bubble bath night for me . 
I love < PROPMALE > bolge ... unfrtunetly like < PROPMALE > the tjngs i lpve I fucckd uppppp 
uugghhh ... headache ! 
“Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time ; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable . ” ~ Sydney < PROPMALE > 
LOL ... my dad is hilarious ... he always says exactly what he thinks , but sometimes its just not what should be said lol 
Ughhh ... I couldnt turn my brain off long enough to sleep ! I layed in bed for hours just thinking . I may have gotten about 45 minutes worth of sleep , and now I am off to work . Does anyone know if those 5 hr energy things actually work ? 
So having deliria at work is actually sort of fun ... What I said is not to be confused , because having dirrhea at work is never ever fun ! LOL 
I drove nearly the entire way home from work ( up to my road at least ) behind my exact dream car ... same paint color and even tinted windows ;) 
This human body is no longer designed to go over 24 hours on only 45 minutes of sleep !!! LOL 
My < PROPFIRST > is acting up again ... I thought I had fixed it ( replaced a sensor ) , but apparently not ! Does anyone know about getting air out of the coolant system ( might not be it , but worth a shot ) 
K ... I went to the part store and had them read the codes for my < PROPFIRST > ... P0128 the Coolant Temperature Sensor ... this is the sensor I just replaced and its not a faulty part ... SOOOOO now ... I probably am either looking at the intake manifold or a head gasket !!! UGHHH .. unless anyone else has any brilliant ideas of what it could be . 
? Welcome to the Psychiatric Hotline . \ 
If you are obsessive-compulsive , please press 1 repeatedly . \ 
If you are co-dependent , please ask someone to press 2 . \ 
If you have multiple personalities , please press 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 . \ 
.......... 
Ugghhh ... My all time favorite baby at work , which I have gotten sooo attached too ... Is going to move up to the one year old room :( Its just not going to be the same without him ! Im going to miss him way too much :( 
My hair is officially the shortest its been in years !! 7 1/2 inches gone ;) 
The last 7 days ugh !!! 1 . I ran off the guy I am in love with 2 . My < PROPFIRST > starts acting up and going to need some serious work 3 . Im still being sued and cant seem to get it settled 4 . I got the smallest paycheck ever because of all the snowdays . 5 . My favorite baby at work ( which I am < PROPFEMALE > attached too ) is moving to another room 6 . I got bit by a spider on my neck ... and 7 . My hair got cut off ! 
Taking Elysia to see her daddy today ... Crossing fingers and praying it goes well ! 
On case yall didnt know ... reese cups make lots of things better ... and Im eating a lot of them right now ;) lol 
Maybe some things do really work out .... Just got a call that I will be getting to meet with 3 Doors Down ... A week from today !!! 
WOW .. what a crazy hectic day ! 
Women can never be equal to men because a woman cant walk down the street bald with a beer gut and still think they look damn sexy ! 
Friday , your awesome , but Im in love with Saturday !!!! 
Im going to take a super hero nap !!! ( its like a normal nap , but Im going to wear a cape ;) lol 
Wierd ... My check engine light mysteriously is off and my temperature gauge is working again ... hmmm 
Sooo ... If you saw me in the back of a police car , what would you think I had done ? 
I have a kid sitter tonight ! Waa hoooo 
Stupid hallmark channel ! 
So , I am curious ... If I came with a warning label , what do you think it would say ? 
Is feeling especially loved this afternoon ;) 
I wish UFC paperview didnt cost so much ! 
Okay ... I like the black eyed peas , slash was great , usher okay ... but something about that just didnt seem to go right to me 
Its official ... My lawsuit has been settled , still sucks of course , but at least now I am no longer being sued :) 
Remember when \down loading\ " a song meant taping it off the radio LOL " 
Snow ! 
Ohhh Im getting too old to deal with hangovers ! 
Happy VD everyone ;) lol 
Its funny ... Its valentines day and the only other single person at work is in my room today ... Were surounded by cranky babies , a bag of reeses , and too boxes of dove chocolates ( which have sickening sweet messages along with them ) lol ... It could be worse we could be down to one reese cup !! 
If you have a wonderful man , who isnt perfect but loves you perfectly , would do anything for you , always appreciates all you do for him , then DONT repost this . Get a fucking room !! ;) lol 
Im pretty sure the angel on my right shoulder and the devil on my left shoulder have been sleeping together for about the last year now 
I really need this nice weather to hold out a little while ... I just got a new pair of running shoes and joking would really do my mind some good ! Plus , if it doesnt stay nice enough to jog , then I might just get frustrated enough to teach myself and Elysia how to replace an intake manifold gasket ( which could go horribly wrong lol ) 
I swear LOL ... I got a half mile into my jog , and my brother calls to inform me that he signed me up to be his assistant coach on Elysia's Tball team , and that I have to be at a coaches meeting tonight at 7 . Seriously ?? Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
Well , apparently I am officially the assistant coach of the girls Braves Tball team . Ummm yay 
\Through perseverance people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure . \ " ~ Benjamin Disraeli " 
Just got back from all day at Tball ... My < PROPFIRST > is in pieces but I cant figure out the rest of it .. so apparently we're going to tow it to a mechanic tomorrow ( in pieces) ! UGHHHH Forgive me if I loose my freaking mind !! 
Im starting to believe that being this crazy buzy is a good thing ... theres not as much time to think ;) 
Ive been have some weird number thing happening for the last week and a half or so ... Just about everytime I look at a digital clock its like 11:11 or 3:33 ... Then twice now when filling my gas tank its ended once on 55.55 and just now 44.44 ... Its getting sorta WEIRD !!! 
I have to wonder how much my < PROPFIRST > is going to cost .... cause I am craving a tattoo that I have wanted for years ! 
Finally got home ... Wheeew ... Work , then Tball practice ! ( Im starting to love this Tball thing lol ;) 
So ... One of the babies at work constantly crawls around the room with a toy rooster in her mouth , she even gets jealous if another baby plays with it ... Is it wrong to think what I am thinking ... She loves the ____ ! 
Vans fixed ... there was a whole lot more wrong with it than originally thought ! I sure will be glad to have it back ! 
I have got to figure out a way to turn my brain off and stop thinking so much ! 
Sitting in the ER ... Good meds at least ... About to go home for tonight ... and seeing my surgon in the morning . 
Okay sooo ... Just got back from the surgeons office ... it is definitely another cyst , however it is slightly smaller than the last ones . He wants to avoid surgery as much as possible because if he does have to do surgery AGAIN then this time it would mean a hysterectomy . Sooo ... they are going to try to treat it with hormones for now and see how that goes . 
Blueberry/Raspberry ;) 
is dying 
Heading back to the doctor in the morning ... Ugh 
Back from the doctors ... Good news is that it hasnt gotten worse , however so far , it hasn't gotten better either . Still trying to avoid surgery , so I got even more meds ( now Im gonna have to get a bigger purse for all these pill bottles lol ) . He wants me to just rest this week and just lay around , which means no work or Tball coaching . ugh 
by the way ... its 11:11 ... for those of you who dont know 
Its 4:44 for those of you who don't know ;) 
\When the rain is blowing in your face and the whole world is on your case \"" 
btw ... its 12:22 
and its 4:44 ;) 
\The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and differences and still finds you absolutely amazing . \"" 
its 11:11 
Soooo excited to get my new camera tomorrow ! Ive been wanting it for nearly a year now , finally decided I deserve it ;) 
Where is the fedex guy with my camera ... doesnt he know Ive been hitting the \track this package ' button like every fifteen minutes today !! Ugh ... he needs to hurry up ! " 
Its here and I got it ;) 
Taking Elysia to visit with her dad today ... Gonna see Nomeo and < PROPFEMALE > ... Then going to Crazy Clydes Slides 
Its 11:11 ;) 
seriously thinking about giving in and just having the surgery 
Its 5:55 ;) 
Goodnight all 
Wow @ Japan 
YAY ....... TWO WEEKS OFF WORK !!!!! 
Wish me luck today ... Elysia's dad has decided he wants to come to her tball practice . Its the first time he will be around my family since the custody trial two years ago . 
Tball went pretty well !! Yay ! 
Taking Elysia to see her first 3D movie \Mars needs moms\ " :) " 
Going to tball practice then heading to Cadillac Ranch in Nashville for a tball fundraiser from 5 to 9 . They're supposed to have a ton of kids activities like kid karaoke , kids bull rides , some games and so forth . Should be a lot of fun , and ts open to the public ;) 
Wow .. the videos from my new camera ( which are HD videos ) take foreeevvvvvver to upload lol 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability and studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . There's a lot more to people than you think . ~ This is just a friendly reminder to be kind . ~ 
I promise I wont get offended ( but I may laugh my ass off) !... If you could write an online dating profile for me , what would it say ? BTW , If you can see this post consider yourself one of the few and someone I would hope for a reply from ;) Send it via a FB Message 
Its 3:33 ;) 
Okay , so I always have wierd and coincidental things happen to me ... I happen to have a wierd story about St < PROPFIRST > s Day ... I had been dating this guy < PROPFIRST > for a about a month , and he wanted to become exclusive .............. 
Just left the Dr. . Meds appear to be working ... All the inflamation in my abdoman is gone .... stay on meds , resume normal life ... Yay ! 
Tball practice ... Wahoo ! The ex being there ... ugh ( but , I just remind myself its all for Elysia ) ;) 
9am Tball practice 
Its beautiful !!! 
Its 4:44 ;) 
TERMS USED BY WOMEN : 1 . FINE-This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . 2 . NOTHING-This means SOMETHING and you should be wary . 3 . GO AHEAD-This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT ! 4 . WHATEVER-is a woman's way of saying F***YOU ! 5 . THAT'S OK-She's thinking long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! Repost , and save a life ! 
Tball .. Tball .. Tball .. 
Taking my nephew and Elysia to the science center ;) 
hmmm .......... 
I am actually thankful tball practice was canceled for this evening ( Ive found myself looking forward to it . ) . My back is killing me , and I am going to see the chiropractor this afternoon ! 
Its a good thing my chiropractor isnt very attractive and that he's married ... Cause I love him ! LOL 
UHHHG !! 
For those of you who know < PROPMALE > or know of him .... apparently last night I met two other girls he's been sleeping with ! :( 
Just so yall know ... < PROPMALE > is threatening me with all kinds of things including making up lies to hurt my reputation or cause me to lose friends because I wont stop talking to the other two girls about all thats transpired .. He is also threatening them as well . 
I am hoping for a good day today . 
Work went well today , and I enjoyed seeing the babies again . Got some < PROPFEMALE > therapy too , that always helps ! Tball practice was canceled tonight ( sorta glad cause we have games tuesday , thursday , and saturday this week ) ... gonna get my mind on cleaning for the evening ( it clears the mind , and house lol) ! 
Its 3:33 and I cant sleep for the life of me . I have to be up for work in 2 hours :( My heart hurts and my mind wont quit trying to put these puzzle pieces together . 
Wow ... So far today has been crazy , 3 of the babies are extreemly cranky and not adjusting well to returning from spring break :( ... Hopefully Tball goes well tonight , its the first game ;) 
Elysias first Tball game tonight ... wish us luck ;) Go Braves ! 
The Tball game went pretty well last night , no score are kept for the first 6 games but the girls had fun . We got a little wet , but luckily the rain held off until just after we left the field :) 
\If he was stupid enough to walk away \ 
\You told me what I wanted to hear 
Tball game tonight ... Go Braves ;) 
Tball went really well , the girls did a great job , its amazing to see how much they have learned be put into action :) Also , Elysia hit off of a pitch both times she batted and didnt have to use the T at all ! ( proud glowing mama right here ) 
Ive always concidered suicide to be the most selfish act but one of the most selfless giving and generous people Ive known took their own life yesterday . None of us saw this coming , there were no warning signs . 
Go braves !! 
Just noticed that its 2:22 ;) 
Headed out on the town gonna meet up with the A team ;) lol 
Having a hard time keeping my eyes open ... mondays are exaughsting ! 
