Classes shedualed what a weight off of my mind 

“Demosthenes’ Hierarchy of Foreignness consists of 4 levels of foreignness : Utlanning , strangers that are seen as human but from another city of country ; Framling , strangers that are seen as human but from another planet ; Raman , strangers who are recognized as human but of another species ; Varelse , strangers who are truly alien and with whom no communication is possible” – Speaker for the Dead , By : Orson < PROPFIRST > Card 
We perchaced a time share today ..... In massinutin . Now what the fuck am I going to do in Massinutin ? 
Action potato !!!! 
no one is doing their part of the whist ..... i just cant do it , summer is mutch , mutch too close for me to make any thing out of this . wtf , summers here why not relax ? 
Wow realy there are 5 people in our class at school . 
Eternal and everlasting joy everyone its summer 
You know thoughs days when all is right wih the world and every thing falls into place . the days when nothing can go wrong ? Today is not one of thoughs days . 
nothing new going on , but oh wait i got a hair cut , other then that nothing else going on 
today has been realy relaxing . Thats what summer is ment to be , calm and layed back , while still leaving room for works to be done . 
Anyone else just randomly \like\ " things just cause you can ? " 
Wouldnt life be so much better if it played out like a movie . Sure people would die and nations would fall buyt it would all be for some grater purpus . Mutch would be lost but so much more would be gained . in a move things always end with the start of a new age of peace and prosperitay . well .... if only , thats life !! 
With my grandmother quality time with family . some times i honestly love it ! 
I have finnaly manged to educate a comcast service reprisentitive about there own craft enough that they could regester my new modem so internet . YAY ! 
Just saw thr new twilite :( need i say more ? ok hope everyone had a good 4th of july !! 
92% on my colonization quiz yah 
I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience . And in addition , to whatever measure this term has any meaning , science has the additional virtue , and it is not an inconsiderable one , of being true . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Sagan 
YO I TOTALLY hit my FIRST DEER !!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! That was fun :P 
just got back from < PROPFIRST>'s party , it was fun , saw < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , met some cool black chik dressed as a cop , it was so worth going , people even tried to get me to dance :P 
Well the weeks over . So ........ what now ?? 
As of 9:07 score 07 to 23 Tohmas < PROPFIRST > . =( 
totaly did NOT fail the hist test :) 
Tired ...... alredy ; gosh :/ 
Wednsday ....... yah , so speach then chem club trip(no eng wooooo ! ) , so yah they sort of balence each other out :/ 
Friday !!!! finaly redy 4 2day 
the school week is over . finaly !! 
Hey the presedent is left handed !! 
Monday ................. yah . just yah 
102 pages for my phsyc project , my poor printer , i think it hates me now :( 
93.22 in history ! 
Ring ceremony , yah peoples is rude !! 
History is ...... difficult(difficalt ? ) 
Thanksgiving ..... urg . 
Well thanksgiving ..... thats over 
Shopping .... its fun ish 
Im just noticing the new facebook chat ding and i love it ! 
Does no one like TRON ? Is one of my favorite childhood movies wierd ? Why does no one want to go see TRON II ? Please anyone tell me ???!!! 
Its friday ...... finaly 
No School tomarow ....... now what am i going to do ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > : screams loudly : owch\\n\what ?! \ " \\n\ " I steped on something ........ I think it was a crumb \"" 
Wrapping paper sucks !!!!!! 
Ahh ... Christmas Eve-day here again . \ 
Happy Holidays Everyone !!! :) 
Well today has been .... very ...... boring , I need to get out more ;) 
I just had an amazing experince , i got to wake up my brother by ANY MEANS NECESSARY . best morning ever !!! 
I had forgotten how good \A clockwork orange\ " is . ahh the 70's " 
my brother is obviously socialy handicaped to some degree , for he is almost entirly irrational when he is angered 
today has been eccedingly boring and now my bordem has driven me to complain about it on the internet , like thoughs people i poke fun at . great 
Brunswick Stew to-night , and im .............. aprehensive . there is always the potental that it could go well . Right ? 
thoreau is .... anoyingly repetitive . I'm realy not liking Trancindilism(i know , i know ) :| 
Model judiciary is on !!!! lets try not to make fools of ourselves ! 
L'enfer , c'est < PROPMALE > autres 
alright thats enough studying , time for some TV , < PROPFEMALE > Fey you never fail to entertain 
yes well im probobly going to fail my History exam . mostly becuse i am MUCH to lazey to keep studying . sometimes i realy get on my nerves 
History is evil . Ive never been one to support the supprestion of knowledge , but mayhap some kind of book burning is in order ? 
well now thats over with 
91 on the History exam i was going to fail so its been a good day ! 
it's better to be freed of your burdens , thats someting most can agree on , its the arduace task of freeing yourself of them , and werether or not its worth it that we can never agree on , well better out than in . 
anyone know the username and password for the PGHS databases for remote acess ? 
apparently , acording to my father , i lack the culinary skill to heat even a frozen pizza without his direction . Oh realy you have to pre-heat the oven . i never would have known ! 
< PROPFEMALE > \Stop making me make fun of my own religion ! \"" 
I so need to get out more . 
ok , wow i found a documentary about a parking lot on netflix , WTF ? 
i hate it when somethign sounds perfictly normal and logical in your head but sound insainly wrong out loud 
Threat level midnight . YES !!! 
ahh cathedrals , what a waste of good archetecture . sigh 
i now have 2 & 1/2 pages out of 8 . Wooooooo . procrastination 2 , < PROPMALE > 0 
ah what a relief ....... 
No they don't . 
wow i realy can be a bit of an ass , can't I . 
SAT s wish me luck ! 
Well , thats over 
How did all of this work matirialize ? I left the sheilds up damnit ! 
realy people im tired of the excuses ; Cant's a coward afraid to try . 
Psyc paper done ....... I hope . 
who knew hulu.com had a sence of humor . :) 
