Has had a fun day hanging with my < PROPFEMALE > belly and < PROPFEMALE > bug 

Get this exactly 4 months and 20 days until we graduate and 4 months and 22 days until I turn 19 :) 
I love my Raeshaun and the comments she make lol 
ok so i have to get up and make < PROPMALE > toast lol 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Almost everyone i know has gotten engaged eitheron christmas or new years this year hmmm ............... 
Is going out to Logans with mommy later :) 
Logans was very yummy :) got to see alot of old friends whom i haven't seen in a while :) 
Church was awesome today i can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > today !!!!! 
its pretty here today not too hot not too cold just the perfect happy meidum weather :) 
sitting here with my lil sis about to call my mom and get out of honors english ( which i totally did not sign up for) !!!!! text me 256 508 3476 
is sitting here with the house to herself with nothing to do which means i'm prob . going to end up in trouble like i always do when i'm alone lol 
Is tired of ppl saying things that aren't true about me on here !!!! Packing going camping tomorrow yay just me and the family away from any worries back at home idk if i really wanna go home ( sigh ) 
about to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > 256 508 3476 text it 
ok so i'm bored :( tear tear 
no < PROPFEMALE > today yay going to my grammy's later once < PROPFEMALE > gets off of work ( hopefully i miss hanging out with her ) :) 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and the horses :) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with nagem !!! allegna dna airdna ffb !!! 
eating strawberry kisses :) and trying to get the stupid speakers on this computer to work 
happy 4th everyone be safe and don't get into too much trouble 
going to go and make myself a bake potatoe how yummy 
Bored as all get out and go only 3 days left until i go to see < PROPFEMALE > 
coming home tomorrow and i'm missing him so much why does he have to go into the navy basically as soon as i get back :( not fair sad 
in ohio with my bestie :) 
i had ppl and guys who don't know what in the he double hocky sticks they are talking about 
i am really bored about to try to upload some pics 
new pics :) 
Sitting here in ohio with < PROPFEMALE > Muah i love you lil chicka 
is finally breaking down to go and buy a new bathing suit later lol 
feels heartbroken and depressed for no reason at all 
is feeling a little bit better after talking to my mom for two hours today 
is feeling a little better after talking to my mom today but is still down in the dumps and can't take it any longer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
feels a whole lot better :) 
going to the campground to party love you all see ya sunday 
home from guard camp for lunch 
going back to guard camp boooooooooo 
sitting at home with my mommy 
Its really hard to say goodbye to someone you love knowing you wont see them again until december 
Today was hard but i will have to live with it one day at a time ! 
Today was alot better except for the rain at band camp could it have not held off until we were done i mean come on missing him sooooo much !! 
is very hyper soooo guard was actually fun tonight the power went out whoot 
bored and pool party tonight whoot 
eating chocolate chip pancakes for supper yay i love my mommy lol 
so last night was a blast :) 
i might be hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tonight :) yay 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > tonight it was fun :) 
is about to go and < PROPFEMALE > out at < PROPFIRST>'s with the guard and everyone :) Happy Birthday everyone !!! 
is bored and missing < PROPFIRST > very much right now 
huge headache but its all good :) see i'm smiling lol 
talking to < PROPFIRST > then prob going to bed :) 
talking to < PROPFIRST > then prob going to bed :) i don't think i have actually been this happy in a very long time 
I don't have any classes with any of my friends so not right 
my sch < PROPMALE > ule 1 . Roberts ( computers 2 ) 2 . Mrs. Napier ( AP environmental ) 3 . Mrs Edde ( early childhood < PROPMALE >.) 4 . Coach Wright ( economic ) 5 . Mrs. Hardin ( Pre-cal ) 6 . Mr. < PROPMALE > ( honors english 12 but soon switching ) 7 . Mr. Key ( colorguard ) 
i'm bored and my baby is scared and its making me sad :( 
new schedule 1 burroughs 2 mrs napier 3 edde 4 wright 5 hardin 6 roberts 7 key 
is really bored and doesn't really want to go to church but oh well 
really bored gets to see her baby in 4 days :) yay 
going to nashville tomorrow :) yay 
youth congress today :) yay i'm soooo pumped :) whoot whoot 
just figured out why a virgin strawberry daquri has a < PROPFEMALE > on it --- i feel so dumb 
bored going trough my new clothes 
doesn't want her friend to leave her :( 
is very dizzy about to go to the jr high with my little brother he is very nervous 
just got back from 6th grade orentation with my brother it reminded me of when i was in 6th grade it sadly just hit me that i am a senior and that i am graduating this year me graduating ha ha 
had a pretty good day today got to see < PROPFIRST > so it was even better :) 
I lovingly HATE little kids AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ok well i love them just not 10 of them who doesn't listen !!! 
so has anyone else noticed that its hot outside ???? 
Had fun last night hanging with my little girls I can't believe that 8 years ago today we were all just starting 5th grade and now we are all graduating :) the only reason i know this is because its < PROPFEMALE>'s and mine 8 year anniversary :) 
i need something to do today !!!!!!!!!!! 
is sad again :( i hate feeling like this 
is single again and plans on staying this way for a while 
making cookies lol 
putting dishes away then going to bed i have school tomorrow unlike most of you lucky ducks who live in < PROPFEMALE > not saying any names ---- < PROPFEMALE > ha ha Football game tomorrow night :) 
had fun at the game hanging with everyone :) 
is very very bored 
is putting pics on here jump drive for computers this week i am for real like bored and i want something to do :( 
talking to rj :) 
missing daddy right now :( i love you daddy and < PROPFEMALE > and my lil catie cat and < PROPFEMALE > :( 
just got back from mma !!! we are having a fight this wednesday at hooters if anyone wants to come it starts 7 come out and support clairdays and me :) 
has practice and band preformance to night everyone should come it starts at a 6:30 come support the band there will be hot dogs and drinks :) 
Rush tonight :) we are meeting at the stadium at 9 come out and < PROPFEMALE > with us !!! 
about to be on my way to church in a few :) 
my computer has been messing up so i haven't been able to get on so if you e-mail me or anything it will take a little bit for me to answer ! 
hates stupid viruses :( 
Is thinking about going to Huntingdon :) 
So the coach at Huntington called me Tuesday :) yay 
Doesn't want to go to church so i don't think i am 
getting ready for church yay 
i finally got my lap top to work :) yay i'm so happy 
packing to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
Loves hanging out with my little < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
just got done babysitting < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > now i am going to karate :) my computer is being retarted again :( 
I hate my computer and i am really bored and i don't want to go to school tomorrow :( 
my pre cal hw flew out my car window today :( :( 
it has been a pretty good day except for my wisdom teeth starting to cut in 
Nip Tuck is on nothing can make me have a bad day now :) 
so today was ok 
is very tired i think i might take a quick nap :O ya that sounds good to me 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming over to < PROPFEMALE > out yay :) 
had a good day at chruch brother < PROPFIRST > and brother hampton did an awesome job today ! 
my heart is racing and i don't know why i kinda feel like i want to cry but i don't have a reason to cry ! 
So I start back where I began two months ago but it's ok i can live with that 
going to bed i have a long day ahead of me i get to make mr key mad yet again yay 
Has had an awesome day to day :) 
Going to church has had a rough day to day 
Ok my day is better :) i'm happy :) and nip tuck is on :) double yay 
had fun tonight :) 
has a huge headache is way tooo stressed 
so i'm sitting at home being really bored on a saturday night ya such fun ....... not 
bored bored nothing to do bored 
Church today at 12 , doing something special , :) and watching my favorite little girls today :) yay could today get any better :) 
Just got home !!!! and my brothers are getting on my nerves but what do you expect that's what they are here for ! 
Going to church soon to vote for a new pastor 
has a huge headache and just wants to sleep it off but i'm waiting on a phone call which normally doesn't come until late at night ugh ! 
Sitting at home and hoping to have fun tonight ! 
Had the long awaited fun she needed last night !! 
doesn't understand that when i say i want to be single for a while why guys flock to me like i want to be with them ? 
way too much on my mind i am going to bed good night guys ! 
Mu < PROPFEMALE > Theta induction today :) yay 
very very bored kinda do not want to go to mu < PROPFEMALE > theta induction but i have to ugh why does it have to be cold ?? 
so my fishies stayed alive yay :) 
off to go to the dreaded BAND :( noooooooooooo 
in pain from head to toe stupid huge flag ugh ! 
so sore and tired ugh ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > at 7 in the morning ugh but its all good i love them all :) 
going to go put dishes away and then going my butt to bed i need the sleep ha ha 
had a good day today :) 
bloop bloop bloop very bored and guess what i saved my house from burning down today :) yay go me 
Got his number today yay 
Was having a horrible week but it has all changed :) 
going to bed big day with the girls tomorrow yay :) 
Watching Nip/Tuck 
going to bed so peace out girl scouts ! 
ugh guys 
is hoping tomorrow will go better then the rest of my week has been 
I feel horrible :( staying home from school today hopefully i can get some things done ! 
feeling a little bit better ! which is always good i just have to be better by tonight and for tomorrow 
i found my ring i found my ring :) yay :) 
we won yay i still don't feel good :( 
everyone finally left yay eating then trying to get some sleep for my long day tomorrow 
yard/bake sale at my house tomorrow from 6am to 3 pm everyone stop by and support < PROPFEMALE > sig ! 
we did good at the yard/bake sale :) is feeling a little better which is always good ! 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends today at karate :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > needs to hurry and finish making my < PROPFEMALE > get better meds ugh i'm tired of coughing and everything :( 
is still waiting on that med < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > promised me ugh ! 
watching nip/tuck 
fell asleep during nip/tuck :( oh well i'm off to bed night guys :) in the words of my little sister < PROPFEMALE > \Peace out Girl Scout \"" 
going to karate to kick some peoples butts 
cleaning the kitchen how fun ..................... not 
Off to school and then macadory :) 
is very very bored and looking for something to do tonight 
is very tired going to take a long nap before church tonight ! 
my computer is retarted 
done talking to the goverment about < PROPFIRST > and is very bored !!! so i think i may try to take a nap hopefully i won't wake up coughing up blood ! 
Is bored can't wait unitl tomorrow :) 
Good night to all :) see ya next monday :) FBLA field trip to Atlanta yay super excited :) 
home from atlanta :) had a great day with everyone :) 
i know its only 8:30 but i am going to bed good night everyone and ttyl if you wanna text you can its 256 508 3476 ! had a great day today and hopefully an awesome rest of the week :) peace out girl scout 
So I just recieved some really good news at a really weird time hmmmmmm ................. 
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it i'm about to lose control and i think ( think ha ha whats that I know ) I like it :) :) :) :) 
Happy Thanksgiving :) 
And I said < PROPMALE > save me I've been feeling so alone i keep waiting for you but you never come is this in my head i don't know what to think he knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring he said marry me < PROPFEMALE > you never have to be alone i love you and that's all i really know i talked to your dad go pick out a white dress it's a love story baby just say yes 
ok so i was told today that everytime you get chill bumps your arm and leg hair grow is this true ???? 
has had a really good week :) 
one twenty one guns ............ sorry its stuck in my head for some reason ! 
has chills from the song this blood is for you 
Clairdays is having a fight at hooters in huntsville tonight everyone come out and support us :) and have a blast :) 
chilling with my mommy :) listening to christmas music 
Doesn't want to run the computer today at church , or even want to go to church today :( sad :'( 
Seriously how long can a person be sick I have been sick for the past 2 weeks ugh 
watching the dog who saved christmas and hanging with my mommy again :) 
making supper with mommy :) we are having deer meat , green beans , and garlic shells :) yummm 
it was yummy :) very yummy now i'm texting my cousin who lives either in nj or ny 
going to bed good night to all :) 
Dislikes 15 year olds who try to get with me ! 
getting ready to go to church and work on this play :) but i think my baby boy may have cracked a rib at karate :( i'm praying that its not true ! 
off to church :) yay 
Home from church :) 
bored 
Cage fights tonight at american legion at 7 everyone come out and enjoy there are suppose to be some really good fights :) 
Home from school had a very good day :) enjoyed watching the little buddies faces light up when they seen all the presents :) Fights are tonight at the american legion they start at 7 
Priceville parade today its going to be COLD brrrrrr at least this time i get to ride on a float 
dislikes the snow always has and i think i always will its way too cold for me but oh well i guess i will have to get over it ! 
Waiting on ppl to get out of work so we can < PROPFEMALE > out so therefore i am < PROPFEMALE > ing out playing cards with my mom until then :) 
Just got back home for some reason i'm really really emotional :( 
going to bed crying really drains a person sometimes 
off to church :) 
I feel as tho i should take a really long nap ! 
watchnig cowboy & Giant games 
has had an ok day :) hoping tomorrow will be even better tho 
Had an awesome day with my < PROPFEMALE > belly and < PROPFEMALE > bug :) 
Had a good day got to see the little man today :) 
weird things are happening to my phone be afraid be very afraid ! first someone's phone calls me but its not them on the phone then their house phone calls me and its not them either idk ha ha but its creepy 
Has had a really bad day today but praying that tomorrow will be better . I'm tired of all the immature drama that is going on ! 
10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ................ the end 
is very upset but i'm in huntsville with family so i hope i get to feeling a little happier 
is a lot better today 
loves my family and both of my friends named < PROPFIRST > :) they always know how to make me feel better 
Getting ready for chruch :) then when I get home exam reviews yay my favorite .......... not 
Is very bored ha ha exams are a pain in the rear 
something happened to my explorer :( not too happy about that :( 
misses her family up north and wishes she was able to go to church tonight i wanted to go :( 
does anyone happen to have an extra car laying around anywhere ha ha i need one lol 
how do you stop your back from hurting ??? 
good night to all and to all a good night 
as a fat man once said when life gets you down you have two choices you can either lay there and take it or get up and kick him in the balls ...... thank you daddy :) 
home from school playinng candyland with < PROPFIRST > he won ( but he cheats ) ha ha 
a teenage girl much too young unprepared for whats to come a baby changes everything she has no ring on her hand all her dreams and all her plans a baby changes everything the man she loves she never touched how will she keep his trust a baby changes everything she has to go far aways for heaven knows she can't stay a baby changes everything she can feel its coming soon but there's not place and theres no room 
I'm just letting everyone know that my last post was a song by faith hill its called a baby changes everything its about the birth of jesus and its really powerful and i have it stuck in my head sorry about the confusion 
Just got back from play practice for sunday :) 
is about to go to bed yes at 9 wow i think i may be sick ha ha jk love ya night guys 
Can't believe ppl are still freaking out over that song i promise you i didn't mean to feak anyone out but i can't help but to laugh and say i can't believe you guys would think i was like that ha ha 
is very bored i'm about to see if my daddy is home and call him :) 
he's not :( i need something to do :( 
BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored BORED bored aaaahhhhhhh i can't take this any longer 
is making a scarf for her brother :) 
is bored very bored and nothing to do except say that she is bored 
sitting here with my mommy trying to find something to do childcare exam tomorrow easy day :) 
is very bored and has the song a baby changes everything stuck in her head yet again ha ha 
Just got back from painting at the church for sunday :) was suppose to be going to logans with my mom but thats not going to happen now :( 
just got back from play practice waiting on my grandma to get here so i can go to logans :) 
is hanging out my grandma , mom , and brothers :) 
is looking over her lines one last time before going to bed 
is going to bed i can't fight off sleep form the loritab much longer so night see you all tomorrow you should come see the christmas play at POH at 10 :) its great :) 
Just got back from church banquet it was awesome i love hanging out with my friend < PROPFIRST > he always knows how to make me feel better :) 
so its like freezing outside and my baby boy is sleeping in a tent in the living room with his sissy who doesn't fit so i'm sleeping on the couch i love my little man soooo much :) 
Just woke up yay i thought i would sleep in but thats not going to happen ha ha 
Where can you find good walkie talkies that are under 20 dollars 
going to drop stuff off at the caring place then going to get my paycheck :) 
Just got home after a long day and now my friend is mad at me of course since this always happens when i ask him a question ! 
just got done decorating a gingerbread house with my brothers pics will be up later :) 
needs something to do tomorrow hmmm what should i do ??? 
About to go see if there is anyone at the caring place so we can drop this car load of stuff off finally and i can get my car back :) 
just got really happy all of a sudden ha ha :) 
phones not working right when i was planning on doing something thank you verizon !! 
ugh really now my computer is being retarted what is it today with things i own ?? 
Is very happy he isn't mad at her :) and she gets to see him this week :) 
Doesn't know who to believe him anymore ! 
had fun tonight blind side is a good movie :) 
SONG : < PROPFIRST > did u know that ur baby boy would 1 day rule the nation < PROPFIRST > did u know that ur baby boy would give sight 2 a blind man did u know that ur baby boy was lord of all creation and when you kiss ur little baby you've kissed the face of God . I wonder if that 14 year old girl really knew who she was carrying those many years ago . 
Woke up check .. wrapped presesnts check .. sending my grandmother pics working on it ... finish shopping for < PROPFIRST > ..... still need to do ha ha 
Wrapping presents with my mommy :) 
Why is it I always get sick before Christmas ??? 
Needs to find something to eat hmmmmmm 
About to get my brothers off to bed :) 
Getting my brothers to go to bed so < PROPFEMALE > can come :) night and < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone 
Has had a very good christmas :) 
Has had a really good day and is going to have a really good weekend :) yay I can't wait :) :) :) :) :) 
Just got back from gatlinburg had a blast :) Thank you :) :) 
Is happy to be home yay i get my bed tonight :) whoot whoot :) 
I wish ppl would stop lieing about me but oh well god will take care of it :) 
so today has been boring i think i will be nice and bring my brothers to game stop :) 
Has been at home most of the day and is really bored hmmmm what to do what to do ??? 
Home from being with her < PROPFEMALE > belly today had an awsome day and can't wait until tomorrow to spend more time with her :) 
I majorly dislike ppl who talk about others behind their back and try to start stuff that could ruin their lives 
Church was awesome tonight but i gots a huge headache ugh lol 
is glad to finally be in her house :) not that i don't absolutely LOVE < PROPMALE>'s family but i miss my bed and my daddy and my sisters and even my smelly dog < PROPFEMALE > who hates me and i hate her haha 
Had fun at church tonight I love kids ha ha :) 
Misses him :) 
Is watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > isn't even awake WOW I'm a Dork really I am 
Finally back to school to see everyone yay 
Had to basically fight mr lopaz to get back into childcare but i'm back in :) 
Has a really bad head ache :( 
Wants to go to Neverland ! 
Why is it that life can't be like the < PROPFEMALE > tales ? All our lives we are told they lived happily ever after the end , but does it really happen ???? Doesn't want the snow :( 
Hates snow hates snow hates snow lol 
dislikes snow yes but dislikes even more that the fact that Hartselle isn't getting outt :( I moved down south to get away from snow and it follows me ha ha 
black with whit polka dots :) 
idk 
Is thinking about all the hungry cold ppl out there and thanks God for good health , food , clothes , and a warm place to to live ! 
Watching house with mommy :) 
Just got back from getting my nails done with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Got my computer back :) 
my belly hurts :( thankfully i have meds now yay :) 
filling our college applications yay :) 
SONG : I am the bread , I am the wine , I AM YOUR FUTURE SO LEAVE YOUR PAST WAY BEHIND , I am the one in the midst of two or three I am tabernacle I am your jubalee -- sorry i can't spell ha ha 
Good night everyone and don't forget leave the past the past and worry about your future :) 
has had a good day but it was very long i'm tired ha ha 
cleaning out the fish tank of the fish mrs napier said wouldn't live 
Just got back from a very powerful prayer meeting at church can't wait for tomorrow night :) 
Didn't want to leave karate tonight but i have to go to church :) see everyone there 
I love nice long warm baths ahhhhhh :) 
feels sick from giving blood and i lost 28 dollars today :( 
i think i may need the blood i donated back because not having it is making me loopy ha ha 
is exhausted from karate tonight ugh lol its been a while 
bored prob about to go relax in a nice hot bath mmmmmmm ya ha ha 
needs sleep good night everyone love you all 
sooo i found the prom dress i wanted :) now all i have to do is go try it on and pick it up yay i'm excited :) 
Just got back from a baby shower :) i love babies 
home from bowling and watching movies :) < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks #2 is an awesome movie :) 
service tonight was awesome i still feel it all over my body :) :) i got rebaptized tonight :) yay 
oh come all ye children i'll take thee away into a land of enchantment come all ye children our time is to play into a land of enchantment :) 
I better go to bed before my uncle beats me up along with some of my friends good night everyone see you tomorrow sleep well :) 
has had a really weird day today ha ha 
off to kick some bootie at karate yay :) 
memories please please go away :( 
finds that cutting ties from the past are harder then expected esipically when ppl don't shut their mouths about the thing you are trying to cut out of your life even it its the hardest thing in the world to do and the best thing for you :( 
today has been alot better :) prayer meeting tonight yay :) 
Thank you all for all the prayers :) i have really needed them 
has a huge headache but i got to go to church tonight :) 
Has had a pretty good day overall :) 
My belly hurts but excited about tomorrow :) 
good night everyone :) have fun at school tomorrow 
didn't want to leave the church but mommy forced me to come home :( 
just got home from the er i get to go get an ultrasound on my gullbladder next week whoot whoot not 
Actually had a really fun time tonight with everyone at karate :) and i just realized my friends are DORKS lol 
Loves her crazy friends and wants them to be safe 
home from church playing go fish with < PROPFIRST > ha ha 
RIP Mr. Woods :( dear beloved neighbor :( 
Done with the ultrasound today now off to the doctors tomorrow to see whats wrong :) yay can't wait i'm tired of getting sick ! 
sitting here thinking about life and every other thing there is to think about ha ha 
Like two sparrows in a hurricane trying to find their way with a head full of dreams and faith that can move anything , they've heard it's all uphill but all they know is how they feel the world says they'll never make it but love says they will 
off to the doctors at 1 kinda scared to see what they are going to say :( 
they are trying to pull it off as strep 
Dislikes meds but if they will make me better i will take them I'm excited about graduation :) can't wait yay :) So i've had a good day today :) yep all good 
So i wish the doctors new what was wrong with me and would stop trying to push it off as strep throat got sick at school again today :( not liking this 
Now he's wrapped around her finger she's the center of his whole world and his heart belongs to that sweet little beautiful wonderful american girl :) i love this song :) 
I need prayer i can't get my stomach to stop hurting :( and now i'm afraid that i have pancratitis :( 
Is feeling a little bit better today i only got sick twice ha ha 
Is very happy and i really don't think i have been this happy in a very long time its like this peace has came over me :) 
Two sparrows in a hurricane is stuck in my head 
is outside enjoying the sunshine ahhh :) i love the sun ha ha 
Off to the fights :) yay hanging out with my bff aj tonight everyone should come to the cage fights its $20 to get in they are at the shriners club in decatur !!! 
Soooo i had a blast hanging with my bff < PROPFEMALE > :) the fights were fun so was being chased by a drill afterwards :) we actually got tips ha ha wow lol !! 
so i just ruined my good mood yay go me 
sick :( 
Is excited about AYE :) yay can't wait whoot whoot lol 
blank 
Is happy again 
Has had a great day today even though the devil has tried to come at me ten times worse today :) 
Is upset at a certain person right now ugh :( but i will get over it see i'm smiling :D 
dislikes the new cheese mommy bought lol 
Off to bed i have alot to think about good night everyone :) see ya tomorrow :) 
Has had a really good day except my chest getting sharp pains but its been really good 
Prayer meeting tonight at 7 God is doing awesome things in my life :) and in Hartselle :) 
es así emocionada acerca de qué Dios es haciendo en hartselle alabastro :) 
Church tonight :) can't wait until Friday :) 
Had and AWESOME time at church my littel man made me smile sooooo much tonight :) can't wait until this weekend AYE yay !!! 
Had a good day i'm excited about tomorrow AYE yay lol 
19 hours :) 
I think i'm way to excited to go to sleep ha ha even though i will be dreading it tomorrow 
only and hour and a half to go and now i don't want to go whats up with that its sad that i would rather be at school :( 
Home from AYE :) had a fun time but oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > oo glad to be home now i have to work on a rap ugh lol 
getting ready to go to church but doesn't want to go for certain reasons :( 
thinking 
Thanks God for the Healing :) 
I have a question where do you go to get a pell < PROPMALE > application ??? 
Has to take 650 mg of iron 300 mg of vitamin c a flintstone vitamin and 2 allergy meds ugh 
Has had a very good day :) 
:( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
ok so why am i crying all of a sudden ugh !!!! 
Finally cut her last string for good :) :) :) and the saying when your doing something right the devil's gonna fight is oh soooo sooo true 
Had fun tonight hanging out with the family my little cousin is taller then me and she is only 12 what the fudge lol 
Needs prayer the devil is trying to fight me again !!!! 
Is having a blast hanging out with by bestie :) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :) two nights in a row whoot whoot :) the happy message is for you < PROPFIRST > lol :) just saying :) 
Is soooo happy to finally be back in her new room :) and i am loving the weather even though i do wish it was just a little bit warmer but hey who's complaining ??? 
Had fun at the bowling ally last night i know i prob spelt that wrong but oh well ha ha :) 
Gets to go to the heart doctor tuesday :( not happy about it but maybe they can tell me whats wrong with me ha ha :) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my little girls later :) yay lol 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out at kenleigh's house :) 
Sitting here trying to think of a good testamony for my thing i was asked to do hmmmmm i think i spelt that wrong lol 
idk which one to choose hmmmmm well there are oh so many good ones !!!! 
So i went to the heart doctor yesterday i get my results back in like a week or so :) everything will be good :) 
is very exhausted and bored and my legs hurt lol 
had a fun time watching the fights tonight now i'm sitting at home alone watching catch me if you can lol btw awesome movie 
is really bored and doesn't know what to say ha ha wow that's a fist i'm wordless 
enjoyed my nice long bath it was much needed :) 
Had fun at the park with the boys :) 
Good night everyone try to have a good day at school tomorrow i know its hard but just stick in there we don't have much longer :) 
I think i may go and lay out today :) 
Is very bored and wants her mom to come home i can bring these dresses to < PROPFIRST > :) 
mommy is home :) :) :) :) 
home bored tomorrow will be a long day ha ha 
home laying in bed not wanting to go to school tomorrow hmmmm lol 
has had a really good day today :) got to see some friends of mine today :) 
is watching ghosts of girlfriends past btw good movie :) 
is oh so very bored and < PROPMALE > i totally stole a pic of my little cutie pie from you lol just saying lol 
Not feel so good right now :( not good at all ha ha 
my belly hurts :( 
Had a fun last night pics are coming soon if i could ever figure out how to get pics off of < PROPFIRST>'s camera ugh 
So i think i got sun burnt today ha ha prob more then likely not going to chruch tonight 
I don't feel good :( 
is very bored and has nothing to do ugh 
Talking to my baby :) 
Prayer meeting tonight i think i'm going to call my dad and everyone :) yay 
is laying here listening to music all my life and even before < PROPFIRST > strait has been singing and i have always loved him almost 19 years later and dang that man still has it going on lol 
Loved Loved Loved being in the nursery tonight if i could i would be in there every single service !!!! i can't believe that < PROPFIRST > turns 5 tomorrow and its the little buddies last day :( 
Is forreal freaking out over college what the flip lol 
Alabama Extreme Cage fights tonight in Athens at Clairdays Karate . Addmission $20 . 
Is bored out of her mind Please remember my dear friend < PROPFIRST > in your prayers 
Going to church well drama practice lol 
Hartselle isn't about what you know it's about who you know and how much you can pay them . 
Good night my fb friends and family see you tomorrow 
Had fun at relay for life tonight :) even though it sooo got rained out :) now i'm watching my favorite movie of all times i bet a hug that no one can guess it :) 
Is bored waiting for my brothers to get back in hartselle so i can see them :) 
Pray for god's will on my situation please please please !!! 
Loves her life and this is a very hard decision but i still need to keep praying :) 
To all of my friends and family i haven't talked to in a while ....... i kind of ran out of graudation invites but i want to tell you that my graduation is may 21st at jp cain stadium at 7 pm 
is in a happy mood and i don't think there is anything that can bring me down ... not even my creepy stalker i had tonight haha ..... the band did awesome tonight all of them :) 
for all those who do not remember band pratice is after school tomorrow for all those who are going on the ohio trip it will last until about 5:30 
Packing for her long trip tomorrow :) 
Is in a really good mood tonight i think it has something to do with my band trip haha 
Is home i feel like i have slept all day haha 
is wondering why facebook picture upload thing is being so dang retarted 
three more invites left :) yay yay yaya :) 
I am very happy with the way my life is going right now :) yay Ha ha 
Night everyone :) see most of you tomorrow :) 
today was good but i think i may have carpel tunnel now haha after not writing for 4 days coming back to school was torcher ! 
you don't have to worry , oh don't you be afraid , joy comes in the morning , troubles they don't last always , there's a friend in jesus who will wipe your tears away , and if your heart is broken just lift your hands and say i know that i can take it , i know i can stand no matter what may come my way my life is in his hands 
Church tonight :) :) :) i get to run the computers while i'm suppose to be in nursery oh boy haha but i don't think they are doing nursery tonight so it will be all good :) 
Cousin is in town this weekend :) going out tonight ( hopefully ) less two weeks until graduation 
in two weeks i will be 19 and a high school graduate :) yay 
going to bed only 4 full days left of my senior year :) :) :) :) 
Is working on printing off her portfolio :) yay can't wait for this week to be over :) :) 
Ok my brother has gotten on my last nerve !!!!!! 
Is soooo very excited about this weekend and next week :) yay :) 
Is sooo excited about this weekend and next week :) Good Luck < PROPFEMALE > on Guard Captain tryouts you deserve it girlie :) i know you will make it :) :) :) 
drama practice tonight :) 
exactly a week until graduation :) can't wait for next week :) yay yay yay 
I don't know if i can sleep tonight i'm so so sooooo excited :) haha 
Had an awesome time tonight :) one week until i turn 19 :) and now i'm watching my favorite my movie :) 
So i am officially HATING precal right now ahhhhhhhh !!!!!! 
Loves her Grammy very much and wants everyone to know that i love her with all of my heart even though i only get to see her once a year . Grammy you have been such an inspiration to me in my everyday life ! 
has been happy since saturday for some odd ball reason 
Ha ha sweetheart isn't < PROPFEMALE > a pain :) 
excited about tonight ! 
Is sooo excited about tonight :) :) yay :) 
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful birthday wishes yesterday they really made me smile :) 
Is sooo excited about going to < PROPFEMALE > and doesn't know why :) 
I truly love my life and the ppl in it even the ones that don't wake me up and leave me home alone .... thank you mom and < PROPFIRST > haha 
Back home from helping < PROPMALE > with something for English :) had fun :) 
Wow < PROPFIRST > has alot of stuff haha just got back from helping her get ready to move 
8 days until < PROPFEMALE > :) yay can't wait i miss everyone like crazy up there !!! 
yay i got my new phone 
going to the movies with rj got a new phone and needs everyones #2565083476 
Home from hanging out with rj had alot of fun :) 
poh cookout has been cancelled due to rain 
5 days :) 
had a good time at church tonight < PROPFIRST > we are all going to miss you very much see you tuesday :) ok so now i'm bored and need something to do anyone got any ideas ?? 
its amazing how 3 close ppl choose such different futures . im going to miss u < PROPFIRST > just hold on tight and never let god go ! 
watching sweet home alabama :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > cking to head out to < PROPFEMALE > friday :) i'm so excited , i miss everyone there ! 
in exactly 24 hours i will be in < PROPFEMALE > with the family :) yay so excited to get out of alabama !!!! 
15 hours :) 
14 :) ahhh the anticipation is killing me haha 
ok well i'm getting off of this before i get in trouble :) the next time i get on here i may be either in < PROPFEMALE > or on my way to the airport or even in detroit haha see ya guys i'm gonna miss ya :) 
on my way to the airport now :) yay 
here in < PROPFEMALE > with the family 
bringing < PROPFEMALE > to her dance pictures 
sitting in < PROPFEMALE > bad storms are on their way uncle < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are on their way :) 
laying here with my sister about to go to a benefit text me 2565083476 
So the girls have school tomorrow so they are in bed hmmm what to do i think i'm going to < PROPFEMALE > out with one of my besties < PROPFEMALE > howell :) 
sitting here with my sister had and AWESOME day with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
sooo the girls are at school , daddy has to sleep because he worked last night and tonight , so i think i'm hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > again today :) ily big sis :) 
on my way back from picking < PROPMALE > up from work no stalker today lol 
sitting here being bored just got done watching < PROPFEMALE > at dance 
hanging out with my cousin < PROPMALE > and the family 
I miss the warm weather !!! Why is it that when you think about someone special in your life they will not get out of your head ? I have tried to forget this person but yet it seems they always find a way back into my life and into my heart . 
is hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow i think i'm not really sure . Possibly getting off of here and going to bed or something who knows so good night i guess :( 
bringing < PROPFEMALE > to dance then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > later :] im excited 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > :) whoot whoot 
for some odd ball reason is very tired today . Possibly going to dorney park tuesday , ( hopefully my stomach doesn't act up but knowing my luck it will ) :( 
why all of a sudden do i feel like i don't want to go to < PROPMALE > or be a teacher ??? i want to go to college , yes but not < PROPMALE > ugh really ....................... 
going to slumber valley with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > it finally feels like home up here 
is home with the family has alot on her mind ugh haha 
today is a good day :) i love you guys :) 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > dunn's dance recital she was amazing ! my baby sister is growing up soooo fast ! 
went and played mini golf with < PROPFEMALE > and daddy ( i got my butt kicked ) then we went and got ice cream ahhhh what a good day :) 
has alot on her mind tonight :( idk ........ 
Is sitting here watching the orphanage with her sister why would they make a movie completely in spanish and not give u english subtitles 
is not feeling so hot right now ugh .... but hey i finally got my letter from < PROPMALE > it takes a little stress off of me . but now i have to go back home a little earlier then planned :( not to happy about that one . 
Had an awesome time last night at her grad party thank u all who came and shared this joyus experience with me :) 
go # 99 :) 
finally got new music on her mp3 player yay i'm super pumped :) thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) your the best adopted lil sis ever !!! 
had an awesome time tonight with my family , < PROPMALE > , and his family :) 
right now the song pray for you comes to my head 
sitting here with my 3 lil sisters listening to music and feeling much better . 
is laying here with her baby sis about to fall asleep . we had an awesome time today with < PROPMALE > and his nephew < PROPMALE > thank u :) it made me feel alot better . 
is up here for good ........... well after i talk to my daddy about it 
i love u ! 
has had a long day and alot on her mind . had fun hanging out with my cousin < PROPFIRST > though !!!! 
is going camping this weekend :) yay i cant wait its been forever ! 
is goig camping at shore < PROPMALE > this weekend yay havent been there in like two years i cant wait i'm super pumped :) maybe this will get everything off of my mind . i love you :) 
loves her life very much !!!!!! soon to be uploading some pics from my summer up here in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
sitting here with < PROPFEMALE > very bored hopefully i get to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow :) 
is laying in her old room up here in < PROPFEMALE > and thinking about how it needs to be cleaned haha 
happy birthday to the best daddy ever :) 
things im doing today : cleaning up this room , going to get applications from like everywhere up here , going to the bank to get an account , and going to the garage .... wow its going to be one busy day 
filled out 40 applications tonight i promise haha i love u :) 
if it wasnt illegal for me to hit my sister i would and not feel bad about it . ps not < PROPFEMALE > and my mom thought that i was a pain ! 
is laying here with her baby :) 
is filling out thank u cards ugh this graduation stuff is a never ending job . im at the point where i dont want to ever get married because i dont want to right invites or send thank u cards haha 
is happy she doesnt have to go to guard camp or band camp anymore but boy oh boy i will miss everyone :( i get to put my 40 job applications out soon yay 
had a good night hanging out with everyone on the deck and at fssp today . tomorrow i have a benefit for < PROPFEMALE > frasier at the meshoppen < PROPMALE > and gun club = hen i think < PROPFEMALE > and i may be hanging out with < PROPMALE > :) 
had an awesome day :) i won 100 dollars off of my tattoo and a cookie/baking basket oh i love my life : 
has hand a fun day today went to the movies with the fam even though we split up haha then had ice cream wow my family really knows how to spoil me 
Is laying here wondering what she is going to do today hmmmmmmmm 
is laying here bored just got done returning applications and running errands wow long day haha ! 
is bored wishing she could see a certain person 
is very very tired but i guess thats what i get for not going to bed until 4 
Is bringing < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > swimming . After today I will no longer have my phone so if you want to get ahold of me you will have to call me on 570-833-2009 until i get my new phone and all . I'm sorry if I hurt you by making the decision that I have decided on but I am looking out for what is best for me and not those around me 
is excited about stevens graduation party this weekend :) its been so long since i last seen the whole family ! 
I have folded more clothes today then I have in my entire closet ! I want to thank all of the mom's who have ever did laundry for their family because its a pain in the butt !!!!! 
Misses her best friend like crazy right now :( but I had to do this < PROPFEMALE > i\m sorry :( I really am . I love you and you are my best friend in the whole world . Always have been and always will be . Nothing can/will ever change that . " 
Party tomorrow whoot whoot :) 
so my grandma thinks i got bit by a spider ugh what else ... really ? Tomorrow is NJ for my cousins grad party I get to see like the WHOLE family ! I cant wait ! 
In pain I swear I died for like 5 mins haha well at least my liver or kidney did lol . 
Just got flowers from a very special someone awwwwww :) I love you :) 
Sitting here with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > being bored !!!! 
Is running a fever i think ugh I hate being sick . Jesery tomorrow for Stevens grad party cant wait to see everyone ! I love u ! 
sitting at my godmothers house in new jesery ahhhh i love this place :) 
u make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night u make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > just the thought of u can drive me wild u make me smile 
has an interview tomorrow at a daycare in springville :) :) i cant wait 
is nervous about tomorrow but needs to sleep . good night fb world talk to u tomorrow ! 
has an interview in 4 hours please please let me get this job ! 
okay so that part of the stressing is done with . now all i have to do is a million different things whoot whoot 
hmmmm who knows mw best ? my full name ? birthday ? fav color ? best friend ? nickname ? and biggest fear ? 
is laying here with < PROPFEMALE > watching the nanny named < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has another interview today whoot :) 
so i think i got the job at dunkin donuts 
Good Luck Curtie ! And happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
finally seen inception tonight ! its about time haha my cousin and grandma couldnt keep up with it ! how funny 
so i no longer have my phone anymore so anyone who wants to get ahold of me it will have to be on here . Sorry guys love ya :) 
I get to work at the day care tomorrow to see if i like it :) yay yay yay 8-12 baby !!! 
so i'm super pumped I got my job at the daycare !!!! I have a carnival to go to tonight ! wow i think i love my life ! 
had fun at the fair today with everyone i got to see a bunch of ppl i haven't seen in a long time 
hmmmmm what to do today ??? maybe look for a car would be nice . I'm getting my < PROPFEMALE > license today yay me ..... well i'm suppose to be . 
so today was my first official day of work at the daycare . it went awesome . the doctors however didn't go so great . 
so this is the first time in the past month and a half that i'm actually home .... hmmmmmmm what to do what to do ????? I miss you babe ! 
doesn't feel to good right now i was running a little bit of a temp earlier . blood work tomorrow . My baby boy started kindergarten today :( wow i'm getting old . 
Off to get some blood work done . I think i may get sick :( but oh well things happen haha 
today was a good day i got my phone turnt back on my new number is 570-903-1969 . oh how life is good in the mountains :) 
yay a packing day ! we are going camping which means i may miss the kiss concert i want to go to :( oh well text it 570-903-1969 ! 
9 years ago in mrs tidwells 5th grade class i met the girl who has become my best friend in the whole world ! i cant believe its been that long ago i can remember it like yesterday . i love and miss you so much < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
so at my job there is this little girl who looks exactly like my little < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in childcare . and i have been calling her < PROPFEMALE > all day long what the heck haha . nj this weekend with < PROPMALE > yay can't wait !!!!!!!!!! 
in a month i will be visiting sweet home alabama :) yay can't wait to see everyone ! 
is sitting here with her boyfriend and her little sister :) yay i love my life but i hate being sick ugh ........ 
off to a wonderful day at work yay me :) 
had an awesome day at work today now im going to go look for a car and go get groceries 
finally got to long island at 3 this morning so its official my grandpa scares me when he drives ! i am missing a special someone and hopes he gets to feeling better ! 
is enjoying her off day today with her daddy even though he will be sleeping haha . 
so today i found this beautiful stray black and white cat that i fell in love with and that will only come to me . i want to keep it but sadly my daddy is allergic to cats :( its so so pretty i watched it for like an hour catching and eating bugs and when this other cat was in our garbage and scared me the < PROPFEMALE > hissed at it and scared it away :) lol 
so tomorrow i get to spend all night with my love :) well after work and all . we are going to the wyoming county fair to watch tractor pulls :) oh what fun :) 
has had an awesome weekend with her boyfriend and his family ! so my \little sister\ " took my phone charger with her to < PROPFEMALE > today when she went back home so now i have to use my car charger thank god i finally got my car though :) " 
is bored out of my mind what to do first today laundry ? clean my car ? clean the house hmmmmmmmmmmm idk 
off to work at 11 30 other then that the only thing i have to do is fold my clothes and possibly start another load yay :) money making time :) 
even though im a < PROPFEMALE > resident now still roll flipping tide ! 
off to watch < PROPMALE > bowl at 6:15 . yay only a week until i see my brothers my mom < PROPFIRST > and all of my friends !!!!!! yay yay yay :) 
4 DAYS :) yay :) 
is feeling a little sad for some odd ball reason and i have no reason to wtc ugh 
today has been a very long stressful day thank god for saturday :) bama bound whoot whoot 
is seriously loving the alabama weather 
homebound tomorrow :) yay cant wait to see my sisters and < PROPMALE > . there is just one person i wish i could see before i leave . 
on my way home :) in nc now yippy 
is home had a fun week but i am so glad to be home 
okay so i have cleaned out a room that is now officially looking like it belongs to a girl instead of an animal :) i love you uncle < PROPFIRST > :) haha 
so i got my acceptance letter from Misericordia yesterday :) I start in January for special education yay i can't wait :) :) 
about to go get dressed so i can go see < PROPMALE > :) he is taking me on his four wheeler yikes now i'm scared haha jp :) love you < PROPMALE > haha 
is super excited about going to work today i miss the kids ! 
okay so i cant take it anymore these weird dreams need to stop right now . off to work to go play with kids yay :) payday !!!!! 
finally got to see my school yesterday it is huge i may get lost ! i had an awesome weekend with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and the rest of < PROPMALE > s family :) bowling alley tomorrow :) 
has a different work schedule everyweek this month yay more hours to help me pay my phone < PROPMALE > , my insurance and my < PROPFEMALE > :) so can't wait for school to start visiting on saturday made me super excited !!!!!!! 3 more months ! 
Seems to be very very sad today :( i'm not exactly sure why either hmmm maybe things will get better < PROPMALE > is on his way over . 
misses her best friends .. < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > .. i can't believe its been at least 4 months since i have seen them :( so my baby boy lost his first two teeth today my mom sent me a pic awww he is getting big so stinking fast i can't believe he is even 5 or in school yet i remember holding him in my arms when he was first born :( 
is about to go spend some time with < PROPMALE > :) i'm happy with the way my life is turning out so far .... i'm with a really awesome guy , starting school in january , have an awesome job that i love , and have a car that is paid off yippy 
has had an okay weekend except fot my battery and my alternater in my car . why is it everything happens to me when i get close to being ahead ? 
Things to do on my day off from work ...... finish laundry , clean my room , clean the kitchen , and have < PROPMALE > come over to fix my car haha . 
so < PROPMALE > got my car fixed and running thank god it was only the battery and not anything else that means my money goes towards college yay me :) 
so i'm thinking about starting zumba tonight hmmmm it sounds kinda fun haha 
its amazing how you can speak right to my heart , without saying a word you can light up the dark , try as i may i can never explain what i hear when you don't say a thing ... the smile on your face lets me know that you need me theres a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me the touch of your hand says you'll catch me if ever i fall ... but you say it best , when you say nothing at all 
so the doctor went good today got my tb test finally haha now i have to go to a dermatologist friday yay me .... on the bright side i get to see < PROPMALE > tonight :) 
I'm so bored that I went to see my stepmom at work just to say hi haha . Now i'm off to go see < PROPMALE > in a few yay :) 
So today has been an overall good day . I had a blast ( like always ) with < PROPMALE > and everyone at the bowling alley tonight . 
off to spend the day with < PROPFEMALE > howell :) then possibly off to get my costume for this saturday whoot whoot ! 
Happy 1st birthday Maddox Mikhale Abernathy ! Gella misses you ! Brought < PROPFEMALE > to work ... check , now all thats left is to get dressed , go to the bank then to the doctor to get my arm checked then WORK . How is it that over the weekend I always miss the little kids ?? 
i'll take off my halo , if you take off your wings . you don't have to be invinciable , cause i sure ain't no thing . you'll always be my angel , no matter what you do . cause you take me to heaven , just by being you :) 
so its official ... drag me to hell is pretty creepy haha well my baby is sick i hope he gets to feeling better :( 
sooo awesome news :) i opened a letter from my school and i got a $22.000 scholarship yay im excited :) fun day planned tomorrow . going over to jakes then we r going to my aunt cindys house yay i love family :) 
Happy birthday to my little brother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Ammons , today he turns 13 . And also happy 18th birthday to one of my best friends < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Logston . Today should be fun , i get to clean the car , get an oil change go get something for < PROPMALE > , and then who knows what hmmmmmm 
Has came to realize that my brother is a life saver . If it hadnt have been for him being born 13 years ago my family and i could have died in the fire that took our house . its amazing the things u think about while reading a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book haha . 
So I got to carve my first pumpkin today . I feel so sheltered haha . I will be posting pics soon . Work tomorrow so I better be getting my rest espically if I want to have energy for zumba :) yay I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
zumba with < PROPFEMALE > in a few yay cant wait even though im tired already haha sad huh ? im making sure i load up on my vitimen c there were a couple of little youngsters who went home sick today :( 
So I loved zumba last night it was a blast . Tonight is the Noxen dance then i'm going to watch Hocus Pocus . Thank you Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > for letting me borrow it :) 
is laying here with her baby watching tv mostly hunting stuff haha i had a good weekend with both of our families i love u babe :) 
Rabits Rabits ! Things to do today : clean my car , wake daddy up , go get Grammy , go out to lunch with 3 generations of my family :) ( grammy , daddy , and me ) possibly < PROPFEMALE > out at grammy's while daddy hunts then go to jakes then the bowling alley then back at jakes then finally home :) this is an unusually awesome monday for me haha 
needs to clean her room so she can go to jakes in an hour . yay i don't wanna clean :( work tomorrow 7-5 whoot whoot then zumba ! 
off to zumba with < PROPFEMALE > yay :) happy 4 months baby !!!!! 
is zumbaed out for the night haha . < PROPMALE > is coming over later so we can < PROPFEMALE > out . i can't believe we have been together for 4 months already . i remember it like it was yesterday that i even met him and that was over a year ago lol . i love you baby happy 4 month ! 
today i am thankful for good music . it is relaxing . 
today i am thankful for friends new and old . i had an amazing weekend with < PROPMALE > , his family , and our garage buddies :) 
Today I am thankful for my amazing family . They have stood behind me through thick and thin and I know I can always count on them no matter what ! love you guys ! so today i'm chilling with < PROPFEMALE > then off to the bowling alley whoot ! 
Today I am thankful for < PROPMALE>'s family . They are all such nice people who are willing to do anything for anyone . Love you guys :) So i'm cleaning out my trunk and my room today , then < PROPMALE > is coming over for a bit while his car gets worked on , then ZUMBA ZUMBA lol 
stupid ppl make me quite angry ! dont do it its not worth it and dont play games with ppls hearts . i know alot more then i let u think i know ..... ugh i love u < PROPMALE > :) 
Is thankful for the little bit of warm weather that is coming this week before the snow ! 
is running a fever and is nauseated ( sorry can't spell ) ugh i hate being sick this sucks ! 
Isn't feeling so well i'm hoping i'm feeling better before this weekend so i can go to nj and see everyone . stupid stomach bug ugh !!!!!!!! 
I have been up since 4 so i decided since i can't sleep why not fb . haha I finally got to see the band march in the veterans day parade . I'm so proud of all of you :) Today is friday do you know what that means ???? PAY DAY and NJ :) whoot can't wait ! 
Count down until we leave for NJ ..... 7 hours !!!!!!! yay :) I <3 the Fletchers . Espicially < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
Is waiting for < PROPMALE > to get here so that we can go see everyone tonight :) yay . Today I am thankful for my loving boyfriend . He means the world to me . I truly believe that God intended for us to be together :) 
So i had an AMAZING weekend with < PROPMALE > and his family in nj . Now the scared part waiting to call the doctor tomorrow or have him call me ugh ..... so nerve racking . 
so i'm wishing the doctor didn't call :( all i can say right now is i need prayer big time :( 
thank you everyone for all of your prayers i appreciate them . 
off to the doctors in 15 mins to be retested whoot .... is still a little scared but god puts u through things even if its a scare to help other ppl who are going through the same things . 
why world would u pick bristol over < PROPFEMALE > ? ugh oh well at least my two fav couples r still here i <3 u < PROPFIRST > and baby :) 
so i really hate storms . we had a pretty bad one last night and now there are trees all over my back yard ... thanks really . off to work in a few hours then seeing < PROPMALE > :) i love u baby :) 
has had a really good day today i cant wait for school to finally start . i love you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
today is going to be awesome ! i am going to work then picking < PROPFEMALE > up from work then going over to jakes so we can watch jakers together :) yay 
Is hanging out with < PROPMALE > and his family today :) 
Is waiting for the results of my biopsy . why is it that a doctor tells you to call them back and when you do they never are there ?? Really i mean come on haha . well i am off to get my oil changed and do a few other errands before going to Megans :) 
So my situation has gone from barely low grade to fairly high grade :( please pray they are going in and removing all of my bad cells . 
off to bring < PROPFEMALE > to school then off to work . today is going to be busy ttyl text if you want 570 903 1969 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! So last night I burnt my arm making apple pie haha wow i'm souch a pollock lol 
wde :) yay lol so i had a sucessiful day of shopping today :) i only have one person left to buy for well maybe two lol 
26 days until i get to see my mommy :) so the date of my sugery has been set for december 20th yikes ! 
So things to do today : get my oil changed , possibly kidnap my sister to take her to Scranton , go get the instructions for my sugery and blood work ( yuck ) , clean my room , then Zumba :) 
rabits rabits ! so today i may be lazy until i have to work haha . then go to work from 8-5 then come home do dishes and see my baby :) 
Why does this time of season cheer me up then drop me on my butt ? I hate being so darn depressed and worried about everything . times like this makes me miss being little when things werent so dramatic and u didnt know any better :( 
so when i left this morning it was snowing and i drove in it and didnt die lol of course it was a light dusting lol i cant wait for the real stuff this will be my first winter in 12 years i think lol 
redbull then gin 
is helping decorate the tree later :) I had an awesome time last night at the penncan banquet . who knew dirt track drivers could dress up so nicely haha I love you < PROPMALE > :) 
has decided to change her room around because this window does not like to close and with it being in the 20's i will freeze while sleeping 
Is laying here in bed thinking of things i have to do tomorrow and about this weekend . Is it weird that I am excited about this snow storm coming ? I am thinking that by the end of the winter i will be tired of snow haha . 
\Me im scared of everything . what i heard what i saw but mostly walking out of this room and never feeling how i felt when im with u ... \"" 
So i'm hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight yay sister night :) I love having these nights with my two favorite little sisters :) 
#62 we have had alot of fun times together in both jr high and high school . u r a very sweet person . dont let anyone ever tell u any different . i miss talking to u and randomly seeing u and ur parents in hartselle wal-mart . haha 
42888 u r the best aunt who is only 2 years older than me that i have ever had ! i miss u so very much ! 
23 i miss u so very much ! u r one of my best friends in the whole entire world ! i was looking through my memory box the other day and found stuff u made me in class . i kept every one of them just like i told u i would :) i miss u so so much ! 
is off to bed so that i can get stuff done before work tomorrow . i have had a great day talking to all of my old friends . i miss all of u so very much . i hope i see u soon ! 
so today i found out that i get to see my best friend the day after christmas :) yay i'm SUPER excited ! Well i'm waiting on daddy to get back with my car so that i can go to jakes :) I love life :) 
is hanging out with my daddy and my passed out baby sister watching my favorite christmas movie \a year without a < PROPFEMALE > claus\ " i love this movie :) " 
is sitting at < PROPFIRST > hospital waiting for bloodork ugh i hate this only 10 days until my surgery :( i wish my mom was here , but i have the second best thing :) my stepmom < PROPFEMALE > dunn :) i love u < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a very long discussion with daddy and < PROPFEMALE > today about everything . some of the things have really made me think . 
Count down 6 days until i have my surgery ! yikes . about to go pick some meds up because now i have and infection of some sort . Really ? right now of all the times ugh haha 
< PROPFEMALE > + a good book = no sleep and a tired day at work tomorrow haha 
finally finished \winter gaden\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... its a really good book . " 
just got back from zumba now im thinking that i may start lyrical :) its a jazzy ballet 
needs to get some sleep i have an important surgery in like 6 hours ugh 
is feeling a little sore from earlier and i just realized how hard it is to cheer for tigers that are black and orange and not maroon and white . the sad part is the other team is maroon and white and i almost started cheering for them haha 
is about to leave for work . the kids are having their christmas pary today so i'm wearing my colorguard < PROPFEMALE > hat from like two years ago :) thank you mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
32 hours then we r on our way to hartselle , al yay i cant wait for < PROPMALE > to meet everyone :) have a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :) 
so this will be weird my first christmas without my mom and with my dad stepmom and sisters . i love all of u very much 18 hours until <3 selle :) < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
467 < PROPMALE > :) 
is in alabama with her loving boyfriend and awesome family :) 
has had a great time here in alabama with the boyfriend and the family :) 
has had a pretty good day . I got some of my stuff from storage , then seen sis < PROPFEMALE > maddox :) and < PROPFEMALE > yton and sis < PROPFIRST > :) < PROPFEMALE > bound tomorrow ! 
is going to miss this 60 degree weather :( and her family too but im glad to be going home tonight to my bed ! 
so my throat is finally feeling a little better . well except when i yawn haha . I can't believe today is 6 months for < PROPMALE > and me it doesn't seem like its been that long haha . 
so yesterday after i plugged up my computer i decided to listen to some of the music i had on there , that lead me to thinking about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > which lead me to think about < PROPFEMALE > fergason and reashaun jones which lead me to miss them a WHOLE bunch ! I miss you guys and all the good times we have shared together ! 
my aunt < PROPFEMALE > has made me want to be a < PROPMALE > mom when im but if i can only to infants haha jk i love kids :) i guess thats a good thing if i work in a daycare and want to be a special education teacher :) 
I have a huge knot in the bottom of my stomach :( 
Snow .... dislike dislike dislike !!! all 4 of my doors froze shut and now my car is making noises :( really 
so i finally got my schedule for college why would they put me in us history 2 and then tell me to go back and take us history 1 ?? ppl sometimes haha i'm excited :) only 9 days left :) 
is about to go to the bank then jakes i do believe :) i love you baby :) I hope everyone has a good january 8th :) 
now that i have lived in < PROPFEMALE > for 7 months i think it is quite funny how ppl back home in hartselle alabama freak out over just a little bit of snow lol . com < PROPFEMALE > red to the amount we get up here that is just a sprinkling :) 
come on auburn :) all the way :) my < PROPFEMALE > friends are making fun of me because they are saying i should be a penn state fan haha 
weird things have happened since i moved from alabama ... they get alot of snow , hartselle gets a cracker barrel , and auburn wins the national championship :) 
off to the doctors for my first check up after my surgery :( kinda a little scared for no reason haha ya'll have a great day :) 
more snow ? really ? ugh i hate snow i hate it i hate it i HATE it ! 
dear Lord , Please let me be delayed for a while or not have to work at all tomorrow . I just realized that i have a million things to do for school and no time to do it . only 6 days until school :) i get to be a freshman all over again and sadly im happy about it :) 
so today i went sleding for the first time EVER haha it was fun < PROPFEMALE > and i both rolled lol then we made snow cones and snow angels :) now i wish the internet was working so i could do my stuff for school :( 
thank you raeshaun jones for getting me hooked on the hunger games last year during colorguard when u started reading it to me . i finished the whole first book tonight and LOVED it :) 
orentation today and school tomorrow :) yay cant wait ! 
so my 2 english comp books are comics :) how cool is that ? haha 
off to work then school :) us history 2 , english comp , and education seminar today whoot whoot ! 
off to school soon ... thank you misericordia for having a 2 hour delay today and allowing me to read the book i have been trying to read for a week now :) 
so today i finished my last two books of the hunger games i have been reading since 6 this morning ( well except for my 2 hour nap ) i still need to read 11 pages for history then im done haha 
is off to her house where she may finally do chores for once this week haha love you guys ! 
off to try to get some sleep u can text me at 570 903 1969 :) 
is waiting on her 2nd class of the day to start then a 2 hour break 
paper typed ... check , history completed ... need to do tonight !!!! haha 
when the night has been to lonely and the road has been too long and u think that love is only for the lucky and the strong just remember in the winter far beneth the bitter snow lies a seed that with the suns love in the spring becomes the < PROPFEMALE > :) 
hates snow to no end its retarted and dangerous and VERY cold . why did i move to < PROPFEMALE > where i knew it snowed 
getting ready for work and school ! how did i manage to kick off 3 sheets a heating blanket and a comforter last night and still freeze . oh i know its because my window is retarted and wont shut all the way and it got down to -14 degrees last night 
I seriously dislike how everything for school is online espically when your computer at home isn't working :( 
days like today make me wish i lived on campus so i wouldnt have to get up so early :( 
does anyone happen to know anything about marius < PROPMALE > senden ? i can not find anything about him for some odd reason :( 
sitting in the school library just got done reading something by < PROPFIRST > twain 
Why must we get soooo much snow . I never asked to live inside a snow globe . I really didn't . I'm in the process of thinking about what i should write my narritive paper about . any ideas ???? 
is about to leave for school im liking not having an 8:00 class today :) 
so i may only have to pay $ 2,140 for school unless I find a parent with bad credit then I only have to pay $175 ! Heck to the Yes ! whoot whoot !!!! 
work school then :) new jersey :) yaya cant wait ! 
about to leave school then go home and pack for nj :) i forgot to tell daddy and < PROPFEMALE > i'm going so i will have to do that too haha . Super excited :) I may get to see some of my family if they are home :) 
has a HUGE headache and is extremely tired for some reason . with < PROPMALE > and the fam at his uncles party :) i love u baby :) 
might possibly not have school tues or wednesday :) yay super excited :) espically for tomorrow ! 
off to my final class of the day thank god !!!!!! can't wait to get these taxes done and then get something to eat ! hopefully we will get snowed out tomorrow haha ! 
God answers prayers :) no school today and possibly tomorrow yay :) 
is very tired but for some reason i cant sleep . i have a presentation tomorrow yippy me ... not ... night everyont i love u < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Why does today seem to be going from bad to worse all within 3 hours :( ugh please bad day just go away !!!!!!!!!! 
Happy 7 months < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! It's been some of the happiest months in a very long time . I love u and thank u for sticking by me through everything ! muah : * 
off to go get new tires on my \old lady car\ " < PROPFEMALE>'s and the Garage later :) " 
What does an English comp professor know about Dirt Car racing ????? You can't just describe one race . you have to describe what is leading up to the race to understand what the crap you are talking about ! 
Likes how her English comp professor just let everyone out of class to ppl watch haha 
And I know that it might sound crazy but after all that I still love you . you wanna come back in my life but theres something that i have to do . i have to tell the one that i once adore that they cant have my love no more my heart can't take no more lies and my eyes are all out of crys . 
When you ask people to leave you alone why the flip wont they leave you alone ???? 
i'm really , really , really , really bored !!!!!! 
I only had one class today :) yay :) 
I am headed out :) on my way home soon yay :) 
Is hanging out with her baby and her daddy ! Its been a long day haha . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone ! Just remember tell the one you love that you love them everyday not just today !!! Off to Class :( 
Just uploaded pics of my senior year from april and may ..... man i miss being that tan haha 
so today hasnt been half bad :) yay 
Does anyone want to go to class for me ? Or do a Literature rough draft thing for me ????? 
Is writing a paper on \The Jungle\ " yay me ...... gag " 
Okay so I just finished writing my paper on the jungle and i tink i may get sick ! blah ...... 
off to class i get to see my baby later :) 
I get to see my Mommy tomorrow yay :) going to Staten Island :) 
Is in staten island with the family ... soooooo happy that I don't live in the city 
No work today or Wednesday :) but possibly school yikes we have about 10 inches of snow already ! 
played hooky today due to the fact that I couldn't get my car out of the snow . Thank you < PROPMALE > for getting my car unstuck I love you soooo very much ! 
I hate when I realize that I left something very important for my next class all the way out in my car and so I have to walk in the snow and the cold to go and get it fml ! 
Resume \ 
by < PROPFEMALE > Parker\ 
Razors pain you ;\ 
Rivers are damp ;\ 
Acids stain you ;\ 
And drugs cause cramp . \ 
Guns aren't lawful ;\ 
Nooses give ;\ 
Gas smells awful ;\ 
You might as well live . 
is at the doctors pffice for my 3 month check up since my surgery whoot whoot 
aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ............. I hope i find my phone :( 
is sitting here with the love of my life we are acting goofy with my little sister :) 
Happy Birthday to my little < PROPMALE > who turns 1 today :) 
It sounds so weird right now in my house . Its utter silence no more rain no tvs or music and everyoe is asleep except for me ! History and English Comp tomorrow than the weekend sweet ! 
I thought Fridays were suppose to be good ugh ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Is spending the day with my man 
work and school on this rainy yucky day :( 
just had my first wreck :( stupid people make me mad . turn on your blinkers before you turn not as u turn ! 
So a warning to all ... next time you think about not using a blinker rethink because it causes accidents to innocent people with old lady cars that now are possible getting totaled so please use your blinker and don't slam on the breaks on wet roads ! 
Can't wait until this weekend :) I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my baby and the best race team ever ! 
okay soooo I am really bored with nothing to do if my little M&M is here I am going to see if she wants to play a game if not then I am going to sit here bored and possibly do laundry haha 
one day left until spring break :) yay then i'm going to go be a student teacher for two days and then work the rest of the week I soooooo can't wait ! 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired off to my last class of the day yay me :) 
Whoot whoot so field work is all set up for Monday and Tuesday :) I get to see what its like to be a fourth grade teacher Haha yay can't wait ! Hope I get to feeling better ! 
one exam one class then spring break !!! heck yes :) happy 8 months < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Needs to be feeling better by Monday I get to be a 4th grade teacher :) yay can't wait I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
Is sooo excited today about the car show ! Everyone come out and see the new race cars at the Oakdale Mall :) I love you < PROPMALE > :) 
Is enjoying the day with my baby and the race team :) we have two very great cars this year :) 
Snow day :) but I kinda wish Tunkhannock had school so that I don't have to take another day off of work this week FML :( 
At the bowling alley with my love of my life :) 
well I enjoyed my fist day as a student teacher all of the students and teachers I met today were very nice to me .... but now i have a huge headache ugh haha 
why is it that everytime I try to student teach schools get closed ? Is this a sign or something ? First like a foot of snow now flooding good grief ! 
Going to get my tattoo today I'm kinda nervous haha . 
off to go see the love of my life and his amazing family :) I get my tattoo at 5 :) yay can't wait I will post pics asap ! love you guys <3 always -Ang- 
So my tattoo hurt pretty badly when it came to being close to my shoulder blade and at my neck as soon as I can I will post pics ! 
Is going to visit her Grammy , Poppy , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , and possibly < PROPFEMALE > if she is there today :) yay its been a while since I have seen them :) then off to the garage sometime today to < PROPFEMALE > out with the best race team ever :) 
back to reality for me todday work until 12 then school until 330 tomorrow field work and than the doctors yay me :) 
I am really liking the fact that most of the people up here are cathloic and my school is cathloic . We get more days off around Easter and also random holidays :) mmmmmmmm I'm loving it :) 
I know you I walked with you once upon a dream :) night everyone ... work and school tomorrow :) 
so you know the saying you can't walk and chew gum at the same time ... well I can walk but I can't sit in class without almost chokeing myself to death haha 
so I need someone to proof read my rough draft and tell me what they think I should change in my Definition Paper ..... 
Off to Introduction to Early Childhood Education :) Zumba tonight :) its been almost 3 months :) 
paper is done , zumba was fun , now time to chillax with the family before bed night you guys :) 
I so am not feeling to well ugh .... it has been the friday from H . E . double hocky sticks !!!! 
I don't get how it can be 80 degrees one day and snow flurries the next what the crap mother nature ! 
For those of you who havent seen the movie < PROPFIRST > it is a really good movie ! :) I really wish that all this snow would go away , this is NOT part of my agreement with moving up here . warm weather PLEASE HURRY ! 
Is about to do an interview for a friend of mine in the ARMY all I have to say is he better love me haha 
So that was kinda nerve racking and I found out that I don't know all that much about my friend as I thought I did :( 
Wishes she could leave school , but my favorite class is next haha I wish it wasn't going to snow tomorrow . I'm really needing the happiness of the sun ! 
goodnight everyone espically you daddy who is in the other room :) 
snow snow go away don't come back until next december please ! so i yhave school today and work whoot I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
im refusing to ever drive again ! i hate the snow and it all needs to go away . i have had it i will admit to all of my friends in alabama u were right i am not able to survive up here ! 
i am laying here in bed with the same headache from after my wreck yesterday :( on the bright side im watching charmed 
Headache Headache please go away ! Hopefully daddy gets to come home today from the hospital ! 
good night world see u in the morning :) work tomorrow ... dont worry everyone im not driving ! lol 
still has a pretty bad headache :( but other than that its been a good day of hanging out with < PROPMALE > and his family :) 
My old lady car is finally semi-drivable :) yay thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and everyone else who helped get it going you guys are the best !!!!!!! 
well < PROPMALE > is off to work :( im already missing him and i think im getting strep but im sooo happy that my old lady car is back together i get to go back to school ! i still have a little bit of a headache but its nothig like it was before . 
school until 6 tonight :( not looking forward to it at all espically considering i still have a headache 
Dear Headache , Please please go away and return on a day when I don't actually need my brain . Thank you oh so very much < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dunn 
oh be careful little feet where you go because its the little feet behind you that are sure to follow ... its a slow fade when you give yourself away ... people never crumble in a day ! 
sitting in psych and i totally forgot that i have an exam on thursday ... great ! 
What to do what to do hmmm well class doesn't start until 2 and its 12 now and so i am very bored haha 
good night cyber world talk to u all tomorrow ! 
is missing her three brothers very much today :( 
is thinking about going to the doctor tomorrow im not sure how much longer i can take of these headaches ! They were getting better and this morning i woke up with a migraine . 
song stuck in my head : i may be bad but im perfectly good at it . sex in the air thats okay i like the smell of it . sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excit me :) 
off to bed i took a perkaset ( cant spell sorry ) snow storm suppose to be coming tonight yay snow ... not . on the bright side i get to go and get my real meds for my headache tomorrow ! and its payday ! 
is packing some clothes for this weekend off to go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and go to the bowling alley . I finally get to take my new meds today for my headaches yay haha 
Is starting to feel bad again :( 
my oh my your so good looking , but who are u when im not looking ? 
About to go and hopefully get my car fixed :) I love you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
night yall :) 
is registering for classes at 630 yay :) 
Is at the bowling alley with her friends 
I sooooo need a grits sign for my car ! 
i sooo need to go back to sleep until 630 ! 
i hate when ppl move desks around because it confuses the heck out of me where i sit haha 
dear headache please go away thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
Snow again ???? Really ? It was just suppose to be rain this week :( not happy I thought the saying was April Showers Bring May Flowers ! 
Off to class :) is hanging out with her Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) 
body of proof then bed ... i think so :) 7 ~ 4 ~ 10 
work then school then i get to see < PROPMALE > :) 7 ~ 4 ~ 10 
is sitting here waiting for english to start whoot whoot . gets to go home and see the love of her life :) 7 ~ 4 ~ 10 
Is about to wake < PROPMALE > up by tackling him and kissing him to death haha be back later tater :) 
is laying in bed watching ncis then going to sleep school tomorrow ! :) 
is getting ready for school ... more snow ugh but its suppose to be 75 monday ! 
Is spending the night with her Nanny , Poppa , and Sissy ! I have to work from 6:30 - 12:30 tomorrow then go to school until 3:30 then NEW JESERY then practice :) \ 
yay I\m excited ! " 
off to class even though i don't really want to go :( Spending the night with her sissy tonight :) i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fiorentino ! 
is sitting at the bank trying to sort stuff out . i am definately missing my class today ! ugh why p&g must u be soooo stupid ? 
Sitting in NJ :) yay I Love you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! x a million ! 
is about to go to the bowling alley :) 7 ~ 4 ~ 10 
wants to go back to bed but im way too excited about practice at pen cann today :) awww the smell of race fuels and dirt :) 
building memories :) 
what is it with the dang devil trying to stop me from going to school ? well you know what devil i rebuke u in the name of Jesus ! I am going to go to my awesome cathloic college and u are going to have to deal with it . i am a lady of God and I refuse to be treated the way u are treating me ! 
im doing a project in school and i need to know why everyone goes on facebook 
doesn't want to be here at school today but i have to suck it up and deal with it ! Haning out with my baby siter tonight after school :) 
is extremely tired ! but i have hw to get done ughhhhh school it never ends !!!!! 
Finally got my Exam review done yay now going to spend time with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Is having a wonderful night with my baby :) we watched yogi bear and i did my hw . I am so lucky to have such a wonderful guy who loves me and whom i love :) 
\When you talk to God you are praying . When God talks to you you are Schizophrenic\ " Is super nervous about taking my exam at 12:30 yikes ! " 
Off to go take my Psych exam ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ammons ! have a great birthday sissy loves and misses all of you very much ! its hard to believe that you are 6 already . i remember being there when mom told me she was pregnant up until the day your little red head popped out ! i love u very much doodle bug ! 
wanted to make sure all of my friends in Alabama are okay ! 
is sitting here with her baby doing her all time favorite thing as a child ...... coloring :) and it's carebears :) yay haha it reminds me of < PROPFEMALE > downy lol 
\People who do drugs dont start warsj The Ungrateful Dead ... we were learning about this in US History 2 today haha " 
So because I am out of class early today I have to stay at school Three and a half hours until its time for me to do my extra credit at 6:30 tonight so basically that means that I will not be home until about 9:30 .... I sooo can't wait for Thursday or Friday ! 
Two hours and 15 mins left yay .... 
When I said I do , it ment that I will till the end of all time , be faithful and true devoted to you . That's what I had in mind , when I said I do . 
off to take a test in Intro to Early Childhood Education :) its gonna be an easy one ! then home and off to Nanny's house to have a \sister day \"" 
got her hair cut and highlighted today :) im an all new < PROPFEMALE > haha ! i love you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
if mr h doesnt show up to class today i will be very mad ! this is the only class i have today . and i could have saved gas instead of coming all the way here ugh ! 
Happy first birthday s\ 
< PROPFIRST > :) getting to see my love tonight :) no school i\ 
until tuesday and no work until wednesday sweet ! now for a nap haha 
Bringing my baby sis and my possible future niece to get ice cream :) 
Is talking to her mommmy :) So I have Scotts birthday , going to aunt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s .... ahhhhhh busy busy weekend ! so much hw to do also ugh ! 
is sitting here with the family watching beetlejuice but thinking about some stuff :( this is going to be my first easter without my mom :( 
does he still feel the nails everytime i fail , does he hear the crowd cry crucify again ? have i caused any pain that i know i've got to change ? cause i just cant bear the thought of hurtting him ! 
Happy Easter everyone :) I have a very busy day today :) 
its 6 on a monday morning that i dont have school ..... why am i still awake ? 
has had a very productive day cleaning and rearranging her room today :) but i have hw to do ugh luckily only 2 weeks left :) i really wish i could see my baby tonight :( 
so the power went out last night and now i am missing my first class ugh ! stupid weather ! 
i am sooooo loving the 73 degree weather with no wind :) suppose to get up to 76 :) yay its feeling more like home everyday ! suppose to get up to 80 sometime this week !!!!!!!! i love u < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 7 ~ 4-10 
so does anyone know any songs that relate to psychology ??? 
Off to class then spending the rest of the day cleaning rooms and haning out with the baby sis :) :) 
