Rockin ' out with sisters & the fam to Band Hero .... even Jilly has her plastic mic shakin it .... I love it ! :-) 

< PROPFEMALE > feels like a man ! ha ha ! Duran Duran will do that to you ! 
The countdown continues .... 10 work days left ..... woot woot ! :-) 
9 work days left ! Yippie Skippie ! 
yep .... you guessed it .... only 8 work days left ! woooo hooo ! 
7 work days left ! 
not to sound like I am bragging .... but I am just super excited ..... 6 work days left ! I ? life ! 
4 work days left ! :-) 
Goodbye's suck ..... BAD ! :-( 
Enjoyed seeing everyone on Saturday ! Was a great family reunion ! 
Thinks the sisters need to plan a sleep-over with drinks and chick flicks to have a mental break ! Kayla-you bring the Skittles .... LOL 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first day in her new toddler bed .... awwwwwee makes me sad ! She loves it ! 
took apart a crib today , put together a toddler bed , loaded stuff in the attick ( which was like a sauna ) , mowed the lawns in 100° weather ..... sweated like a fat pig ... and now I have a < PROPMALE > headache that will not go away ! 
Enjoying my moments of silence before sleepy time . :-) 
Celebrating 9 fabulous yrs of marriage ! ( 13yrs together ) I ? my baby ! Muah ! 
Why is it that when you don't have plans for weeks .... no one comes over or makes plans with you ... but when you have plans , they all come @ once ?!?! Hmmmmm ...... I think the world should revolve around ME ! LOL .... wouldn't that be nice , he he ! 
Going to Magic Mountain with the hubby tomorrow ..... just me and the hubby the entire day .... can't remember the last time that happened ..... LONG time , WAY too long ! 
is SUPER POOPED ! 
is happy her niece < PROPFEMALE > is on FB so we can chat . :-) 
hates weeds ! Helping the hubby clean up the flower beds .... it's HOT ! 
had a long day working in the yard with the hubby ..... Love him ! Yard looks great baby .... thank you ! ;-) 
does not want to do yoville or farmtown ..... LOL 
So much to do ... so little time ! Need about 4 more me's! 
Can't believe my baby girl is 2 today ! I ? her soooo much ! Where does the time go ? Had a good day with family ! :-) 
Sooooooo sleepy today ! 
is enjoying the weekend ! Looking forward to seeing more family ! ? 
Potty training .... uggggh ! Did so well the first day ... not so much the last few :-( 
Disneyland on Saturday ..... YIPPIE ! (* backflip *) :-) I ? being with family ! 
Getting up at the butt crack of < PROPFEMALE > to go to Disneyland .... YAY ! But can't go to sleep because I am too excited ! :-) Weird that this is the 3rd time going in the last yr and I am still this excited .... must be the kid in me . ;-) ~ Hope everyone has a great 3day weekend ! 
Disneyland was FANTABULOUS ! Was the best trip there yet ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for a great day ! Love you LOTS ! Muah ! 
wishes I was a cheerleader so that maybe when I did the splits today in the water someone spilled and didn't wipe up it wouldn't have hurt so badly ! :-( .... LOL 
Going to The Wild fun center with a friend for a play date with the little one's . :-) 
Is FB being retarded 4 anyone else ? can't IM or navigate to other pages ..... uggh 
Had a great 1st day at the gym .... learned how out of shape I am ( well I kinda knew ... just hoped differently ... lol ) But on the up side , I think it just may be something I can stick to now that I have a gym buddy ... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ( just stop pushing your brownies on me and we'll be good ... I ate like 4 of them by the way ... they were good .... which in my case is bad ... lol ) ;-) 
Gonna be a gooooooood week ! :-) 
mom should not eat chocolate ..... no bueno ! 
can't seem to get the umpf out to do anything ! 
Another good day at the gym ... kinda getting into this workout thing .... me likey ! 
So my beautiful daughter is at the table eating cereal ... when I hear a bunch of rattling , I go to check on her and she is eating with 7 spoons .... guess she figured she could get the job done faster that way .... LOL 
Pretty sad how 13 < PROPFEMALE > with a trainer kicked my butt ! But ..... it can only get better , right ? This shit isn't cheap either .... no wonder there are so many over weight people ... junk food is cheaper , more convenient and it costs a whole lot less to sit on me booty than pay for the gym & trainer . But ... it will all be worth it , just have to keep telling myself that ! :-) 
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past was sooooo cute .... I ? that man ! LOL 
is sore ! 
would really like some energy to do something ! 
I bored my sister to death today while I cleaned and now she is sleeping @ 4pm .... that is so sad .... sorry < PROPFEMALE > ! Muah ! 
Kicked < PROPFEMALE>'s bootey in Monopoly ( like REALLY bad ) and the little sweetheart is still brushing my hair ... what a sister ! Muah ! Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My daughter just came in and put her hand on my arm and said so very sweetly , \wanna dance mom ? \ " SOOOOO PRECIOUS :-) " 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope you had a great day ! XOXO ( tried posting on your wall several times , but keep getting some error page ... hmmm ) Miss you girl ! 
loves it when my sister plays with my hair ( even if she makes fun of all my grays .... lol ) ? 
Teran and Bryton went on a camping trip with Cub Scouts ...... so cute ! 
is missing my boys ! Glad they are having fun ! :-) 
Got my ego squashed today ( not that I had much of one to begin with ) .... some guy at the gym asked if my little sis was my daughter ..... WOW ..... I am 11 yrs older .... but REALLY ?!? Lets just say he had sweat in his eyes and couldn't see .... there that makes me feel better .... LOL Happy 19th to my baby sister !!!!! ( not daughter ... hehe ) 
My husband is such an awesome man ! 
is sooooo iritated that the shipment of < PROPFEMALE>'s Halloween costume was cancelled and OUT OF STOCK on every single web site ! It was soooo cute too .... bummed ! 
Victory is mine ! Muah ha ha ha ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , get your boobs out of my face !!! LOL 
never enough time in the day ! 
needs to get pumpkins ! 
doesn't know what to get the hubby for his b-day ..... why are men so hard to buy for ? Ugggggh ! 
11+ < PROPMALE > , 500+ calories burned @ the gym .... now off to mow the lawns and go grocery shopping ..... whew ! 
Important step to boiling eggs : turn on the burner !!!! LAME ASSSSS ! LOL 
Had an AWESOME time with the hubby @ six flags yesterday ! Thanks mom for watching the kiddos ! ? 
worked it at the gym ..... feeling good .... stinky , but good ... LOL 
I think I will save the gym for the afternoon so Bryton can play too ..... plus now I can go check out the new Walmart and maybe hit the mall for some Christmas ideas ... :-) Cuddled in bed with Jilly for an hour watching cartoons .... it was sooooo cold this morning . I ? cuddling ..... she is such a sweetie ! 
BBQ'd tri tip for dinner all by myself and it was YUMMY ! Poppy would be proud ! :-) Thanks mom for the tri tip , sorry we had to grub without you . :-( 
SOOOOO Excited I get to see my big sister ! :-) 
Uggggh .... housework , it NEVER ends ! 
Burned 700+ calories @ the gym today ... YAY me ! 
Taking Bryton for a haircut ...... prayers please ! 
Planning 10yr anniversary trip back to Cancun ! SUPER EXCITED ! ( even though it is lke 8 months away ) 
I miss my sisters ! :-( 
nasal drip .... is sooooooo anoying ! 
my 2yr old just told me I not to put the bowl of popcorn on the desk , cuz if it falls I will have a big owie ... she wants it in her lap .... LOL 
on-line Christmas shopping rocks when there is FREE shipping ...... LOVE IT ! I ? Christmas ! 
well ..... damn ! That is all I have to say ! 
Shampooed carpets , did laundry , worked in the garage ..... I am pooooooped ! 
How easy it is to judge one's choices/life when you haven't traveled their road ..... we all have different bumps , turns , & places traveled .... and never really know the other person's journey or the obstacles they may have had to overcome . Amazed at the immaturity of some adults .... saddened by the effects of it . :-( 
Wish someone was video tapping my AFV moment last night ! Did a face plant on the carpet ... not sure how but I was going to pick < PROPFEMALE > up over my head as I was walking down the hall and totally ate it .... did the mommy move and somehow lifted her to the side to protect her and my face caught the fall .... boo for rug burns ! < PROPFEMALE > was just fine .... better than fine , she was laughing .. LOL 
Excited to make goodies for Thanksgiving ! 
Don't have a clue what to get the hubby for Christmas ! Uggggh ! And when I asked him .... you know what the terd told me ???? A TUB OF POPCORN ..... little smart ass ! LOL 
Wooooooo hooooooo ! :-) 
The countdown to turkey consumption is on ....... wooooo hoooo ! My mouth is already watering ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Was a GREAT week ... found out I am going to be an Aunt again .... Congrats again < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > ! Found out my sister < PROPFEMALE > is getting married .... Congrats < PROPFEMALE > y & < PROPFIRST > ! Had a Thanksgiving FEAST .... AND it is only Thursday ! :-) I am so grateful for my life and all that are in it .... Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
yay ! < PROPFIRST > is spending the weekend .... She's my favorite sister ever ! ;) 
Can't believe the weekend is over already ! And now the Christmas festivities unfold .... busy , busy , busy ! 
Any Vegas guru's out there have suggestions on nice places to wed ? Helping my sister plan and any little bit of input would be GREAT ! ( especially since I have never really spent any time there ... LOL ) 
Looking forward to exciting things coming this next year ! Loving life ! 
Wrapping presents is ALOT of work ...... getting there though . Maybe this yr I won't be up until 4AM Christmas < PROPFEMALE > wrapping like most previous years . ;-) 
So my 7yr old just asked me , \Can we go to Hawaii for my Birthday ? \ " and his reason was that he wants a \ " Kooky Klicker\ " pen that is supposedly only sold there ..... LOL Kids crack me up ! " 
Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word .... no more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you 
Bummed .... the < PROPFEMALE > I wanted was sold ! And my plans for the night fell through .... maybe tomorrow . 
wishes the effen mexicans would turn down their damn music .... I can't hear myself think ! Walls are rattling and the movie I am trying to watching is ruined from the distraction ! Ugggghhh ! 
Peanut Butter Bon Bons & fudge topped brownies are done .... tomorrow I start on cookies .... SOOOOO excited for Christmas ! 
I pray that you all come to realize that life is REALLY too short to not make amends and just come to terms with the fact that just because we are all family doesn't in any way mean that we are the same . We all live different lives , have different likes/dislikes , walk a different road , etc ... but we are supposed to accept those differences and love eachother anyway , because that is what FAMILY does damn it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! God bless all of you and your families ! Love you all ! 
is so blessed ! ;-) 
stay tuned for pics of \Cupcake\ " .... my new < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) " 
is so EXCITED for 2010 ... lots of GREAT stuff happening ! Happy New Year everyone ! 
Hey futass .... say hello to your second home .... el gymo ! 
Q : how do you know when a room is too small to play Wii Tennis ? A : when you smack your opponent in the head with the remote when you swing @ the ball .... LOL 
REALLY wishes some certain somebody's didn't have to live in Oklahoma !!! :-( 
Had a good time with my seeesters .... thank you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you girls ! xoxo 
my mom just tripped and blammed it on wearing her reading glasses to walk .... LOL 
Does anyone know of a doctor that will actually go the extra mile to figure out what is wrong with a person rather than pushing pills for something that may or may not be what is wrong with a you ????? I would really like to find one , cuz it seems like they are not existant these days . FRUSTRATING !!! 
needs something to do ..... hmmmm 
why is it so easy to gain wait .... but so hard to lose it ? Tired of busting my butt @ the gym and not seeing the results .... ugggh . Maybe the hubby will spring for lipo ... LOL , I could never do it . 
Anyone have some extra energy they could give me ? I am beat ! Hope everyone has a great weekend ! 
Any Bakersfield friends with O+ or O- blood willing to donate blood for a family friend who needs blood transfusions so she can have surgery , please let me know and I will send you the info where to go and her name . 
My baby boy is 8 today ! boooo hooo 
My Jilly baby is sick ! :-( And we were supposed to go to a snow campout this weekend with the cub scouts ! Why does this stuff always happen at the worst times .... never when we are bored at home anyway , only when you have plans .... ugggh ! 
Missing my boys and hoping they don't get snowed in too much ... sounds pretty bad up there . I ? them so much ! 
so a pizza commercial comes on tv tonight ... way after dinner .... and Jilly says to me , \I want pizza mom\ " ME : \ " you want pizza ??? we already ate dinner . ( which wasn't pizza ) JILLY : \ " I yike pizza mom ! \ " I laughed and she say's \ " comon mom\ " and tries yanking me to the kitchen to get pizza ..... LOL " 
is wishing my house came with a self cleaning option .... ugggh 
my troat and chest are on FIRE .... no likey being sicky .... who's gonna make my chicken noodle soup and rub vicks on me and bring me medicine and give me massages and sanitize the house and blah blah blah .... NO ONE ! Cuz I AM THE MOMMY !!!! ok ... done complaining , everyone have a good day ! ;-) 
SICK AND IRRITATED .... not a good combo ! 
Had a good time @ Rollerama with the family and some friends . 1st time for Jilly and she did great ! After about the 3rd time around she says to me \I like skate mom\ " ? " 
Go to urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into search . Copy and paste the first entry . No cheating and picking the one you like the most ! 
Contemplating if I should torture my husband and make him take me out for < PROPFIRST>'s Day . ~ taking me out isn't the torture part .... the loads of people and time waiting for a table .... etc . BUT .... in 14yrs I don't recall us ever going out on < PROPFIRST>'s Day .... is that sad or what ? 
Earaches are yucky ! 
wishing I could hear again ! 
I love my husband ! :-) 
My 2yr old ate more pizza for dinner than I did ( I ate 1 , she ate 2 ) 
Looking forward to my < PROPFIRST>'s date with the hubby ? 
Trying to talk myself into going to the grocery store .... not going over so well .... LOL Anyone want to go for me ?..... PLEASE !!!! 
I think my husband has the house bugged .... just after I said that when he gets home I am leaving to get away for a while because my kids are driving me nuts ... he calls to tell me he is working late .... damn , there goes my < PROPMALE > of getting my sanity back ! LOL 
Teran & Bryton painted their Pinewood Derby Cars and Jilly & I painted our nails .... she did really good considering she is only two . And afterwards I taught her to say \Am I pretty Daddy ? Can I have some money to go shopping ? \ " LOL " 
Takin a lunch break from laundry and shampooing carpets .... and a little nerf gun battle with the kids .... LOL 
doesn't even know where to begin ! 
Lovin ' all the family time ! Had a great weekend and looking forward to another ! :-) 
So thankful my Uncle Will is going to be ok ! ? love and prayers ? XOXO to you Uncle Will 
Home from taking my sister and niece to the airport ..... so sad !!!! I hate that they have to be so far away ! * sniff , sniff * 
< PROPFIRST > in the Crack makes your ass smell WACK ! ( according to my sister's < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > , who stunk up my car on the way home last night .... LOL ) 
feeling lazy today .... 
is feeling a little bitchy ..... but that ice cream did help . :-) 
where there is a will .... there is a way ..... may not be an easy road .... but undoubtedly worth it ! ? 
have my niece for the weekend .... love her ? 
What a day ! I think my grey hair population quadrupled in just the last 24hrs ..... ughhh ! 
feels like my strings are being pulled in every direction and they are starting to wear thin .... grrrrr .... sometimes I'd like to just disappear ! 
thinks cars should last forever and never need new tires or parts , etc ... took mine in for a rotation & I have 2 bad front end parts & supposedly they are too bald to rotate .... what the crap ???!!! They don't even look bald to me , seems like we just replaced the damn things ! Tires alone are like $700 ... don't even want to know about the rest .... maybe I can wreck it and get a new one ..... LOL 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! ok I'm done 
sometimes wishes I was a mind reader ....... 
10yr anniversary vacation searching ...... so many decisions to make ..... Cancun is still looking like our #1 choice ..... EXCITED ! ? 
Had an amazing Sunday ... hubby took me & kids for a little plane ride to Solvang for breakfast & then we walked around in all the little shops ..... came home and had dinner with some great friends . ? I am so blessed ! 
has short hair .... and hates it ! :-( Should have just kept my same old 90's hair do .... LOL 
so you know your hair looks bad when your friend pays her son to tell you it looks good .... LOL Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! XOXO 
REALLY has the urge to buy lots of new shoes ..... but all the styles out right now are so damn ugly ..... really saddens me & my feet . :-( 
Gym , Gym , Gym ..... gotta keep goin to the gym . With Trishy's wedding in June and Cancun in July .... can't give up now , half way to my goal .... hopefully the 2nd half won't be so stubborn .... LOL 
< PROPMALE > ( the baby I watch for a friend ) is gabbing like crazy and < PROPFEMALE > yells to him , \I can't hear the TV < PROPMALE >!\" LOL " 
I can't wait for the 6 pairs of shoes I ordered to come in .... that was hard work shopping through all those ugly gladiator shoes & all the other crap out there .... can't believe I managed to find so many I liked . :-) 
Hubby's been gone since 6 a.m. working , poor baby ..... and I am BORED ! I ? him ! 
Laundry ..... YUCK ! 
How is it that toys get heavier after you play with them ? Jilly claims she can't pick up because her toy is too heavy .... hmmmm somehow she managed to < PROPFEMALE > it out here ! \ 
Too smart for her own good if you ask me ! LOL 
REALLY hates it when my kids make me cry because I am fed up with them not listening ! This mommy needs a break ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of my wonderful fellow mommies ! Hope you are all having a great day ! ? 
Had a great day with a great friend ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! ? 
Not looking forward to yardwork this weekend ! Ugggh ! \ 
But at least it will look pretty again . ? 
Looking forward to date night with the hubby tonight . ? 
was feeling a little like an old married couple when our dinner & movie was over @ 8:20 ... so stopped off @ Home Depot ... WOW , now that made me feel better ... LOL 
the gym is calling my name and I just want to go back to bed and put the covers over my head ... but I won't cuz I am on a mission ..... ugggh .... ok I'm going . Have a good day everyone ! 
What the crap !!! All I have to say is ... someone better have been having a nightmare . Because if they kill off < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on OTH .... I am gonna be MAD ! 
needs more time to stop and smell the roses ..... 
Packing up to go to SeaWorld ! Have a good weekend everyone ! 
is DISCUSTED !!! 
Missing my boys ! 
wishing my To Do list would stop growing ! Yowsers ! 
Belgian wafffles ...... Yummmmmmmmm ! :-) 
wishes I would learn to stop over doing everything .... my back is b-r-o-k-e-n ..... time to cash in that massage gift certificate .... if I can just find the stinkin time to go . Gonna be a crazy week ! Can't wait for Thurs .... off to VEGAS ! :-) 
Almost Vegas time ...... :-) 
Weekend in Vegas went too fast ... busy , busy ... wish we had more days to visit with family ! My sister was BEAUTIFUL ! ? 
YAHOOOOOOOO ... That is all I have to say . :-) 
Allergies are kickin my butt .... can't even see straight .... blah 
Baby #1 of 4 to come in the next yr is on his way today ..... love gettin new nieces and nephews ! Woooo Hoooo ! ? 
My new nephew is here ! Boston < PROPFIRST > McCauley , 8lb 9oz , 20in long .. born @ 4:05 pm\ 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Love you guys ! ? 
Gotta watch Twilight & New < PROPFEMALE > this weekend so I will know what is going on when I take my niece for the midnight showing of Eclipse ..... what I go through to be the favorite Aunt .... LOL Lovin my time with her ? 
really wants to start packing for Cancun .... gonna try to hold off 1 more week . :-) 
So glad I am not Bella .... just could not make that decision .... WOW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is gone . :-( 
clean house ...... be lazy ..... hmmmm tough decisions . 
Bryton broke open a scab on his knee tonight & was freaking out a little .... so I put Neosporin & a bandaid on it . When I was done , < PROPFEMALE > says , \thank you o ' much for making my brudder better Mom ! \ " ? " 
is one LUCKY girl ! ? 
my daughter warms my ?.... the poor little sweetie got some stomach bug today & got sick . When I took her in the bathroom to clean her up she says , \sorry I burp on your carpet Mom ! \ " Made me tear up that she was appologizing to ME ! " 
Cancun countdown .... 7days ..... woooooohooooo ! \ 
Almost done packing ;-) 
A new niece it is ....... YIPPIE ! Congrats to my sister < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
Cancun countdown ...... 3 days !!!! I am so blessed !!! \ 
Loving my family ! ? 
This time tomorrow we will be on our plane for CANCUN !!!! I am SOOOOO ready ! \ 
I have the most awesome husband in the world ! ? 
Sitting in a hot tub on my balcony under the stars in Cancun ..... loving life ! 
Had an AWESOME time in Cancun , I want to go back already ! hmmmm ... 10yrs was TOO long to be away , I think the hubby will have to take time off EVERY yr to go . :-) \ 
Next time ..... NO KIDS , I don't know what I was thinking ! They had fun , but drove us NUTS ! :-) ~ 
If you haven't seen Inception ..... you need to .... GREAT movie ! \ 
Had a nice time with the hubby tonight !? 
B-Day baking time .... I can't believe my baby is 3 today . I am sure I will be tearing up off and on all day . :-( I think it's harder to get over them getting so big since we are sure that we aren't having anymore .... time flies ! Loving EVERY moment ! ? 
It doesn't matter where you are .... it matters how you got there ! 
? 100+ outside & yardwork are no bueno ? 
WOW .... after all the salt water taffy I have consumed the last 2days , I would not be surprised if I pooped a rainbow ! :-) 
Boy did I NOT miss the fighting over homework ..... uggghhh ! 
my OCDness annoys the crap out of me ! 
thinking about going back to work so I can hire a maid to clean up after these slobs ! Eeeeek ! 
is SICK .... uggh ! :-( 
can somebody tell me what the purpose is of snot ? 
sometimes I am amazed at just how amazing I am ..... just sayin ;-) ~ 
so now I'm EVIL according to my son ! 
I guess it should be a hint when there are only like 10 people in the theatre on a Saturday night . Vampires Suck ...... well it kinda Sucked ! But did have a nice time with the hubby ! :-) 
Bryton gets A's in classroom conduct every week & appears to do everything right .... so why the heck does he have 3+ hrs of homework every damn night !?! Is this normal ? Teacher said in back to school night that he shouldn't have more than 1hr with his 30min of reading .... so am I missing something ? Good thing I am not working or poor kid wouldn't get anything done . :-( 
Went to the fair tonight & how sad is it that u realize just before getting on the ferris wheel that all the banging noise is workers trying to get a pin that holds part of it together back on that .... FELL OUT ! NO THANKS , PASS on that ride ! they kept running the darn thing too .... NUTS ! Minus all the stinkin people .... it was a nice evening with the fam ! ( < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > too ) 
Enrolling Jilly in gymnastics & Bryton in Taekwondo .... wish me luck ! ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is not my best quality ! Not when it comes to finding out if I am having a niece or nephew !!!!!! :-) 
OMG ..... how embarrassing !!! Someone rang the door < PROPFEMALE > & I had just finished piling all my hair on my head with hair dye and I ran out to grab < PROPFEMALE > just as she opened the door . Some real estate guy wanting to leave his card .... 
I know something you don't know ! ( that is if < PROPFIRST > isn't messing with my fragile little emotions ... LOL , which would be REALLY MEAN if he is ) 
OK .... it's true ! I REALLY do know something you don't know ! ;-) \ 
WOOOOOHOOOOOO ! Yipidy splipidy ...... yabbbbba dabbba doooooooo ! 
needs to get the lead out 
is sore .... but feeling good about getting my butt back to the gym . :-) 
Lord help me deal with my childs whiney attitude before I pop his head like a bad pimple !!!! 
Party planning is coming along nicely .... can't wait to surprise my Grandma ! ? \ 
And Baby shower planning too .... can't wait to see my Trishy ! ? 
Neighbor kid threw a brick threw our house window yesterday .... tire shop screws up putting on tires & we wake up today to a completely flat tire ..... other than that , it's been a pretty good weekend ! ;-) 
your imperfections are what make you PERFECT to the right person ! 
is wishing she could have just a little energy .... feel like I could sleep for a week ! 
hates goodbyes .... they should be called badbyes ! :-( 
Had a great time with sisters this past week ! ? 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! DoNOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! ( Please take a minute to copy & paste ) " 
Praying for the Campbell family .... asking God to give them strength and comfort in their time of loss . Love you all so much ! ? xoxo ? 
getting my gym groove back .... feels good ! 
wish I had a magic wand to clean my house ..... or at least some energy to do it myself .... blaaaaahhh ! 
taking the hubs to see Saw VII tonight & off to Magic Mountain tomorrow . Kind of a date night/Saturday ..... looking forward to time with him ..... he works WAY TOO MUCH ! \ 
Love you baby ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Garden for lunch & play time at park with a great friend .... couldn't be a better Thursday for me & Jilly ! 
my children are on my last nerve already ! It's too early to be this annoyed ! 
not even 8:30 and BOTH of my kids are asleep !!!!!! I'm having a drink .... yes it has been one of those kind of days ! 
pistachios+mike's pink lemonade+quiet house = happy momma ? 
hmmmm ..... wonder if I am gonna have a niece tomorrow ?!?! 
hates going to the grocery store !!! 
wish my hubby was home ! I worry when he works such long hours ! :-( \ 
He's been gone since 7pm last night after only a 2hr break from a 10hr day & probably won't be home for 5hrs . Someone please tell him how ridiculous that is ..... he doesn't listen to me . I think I will tell his mommy ! oh wait , fb just did ! :-) 
both of my kids are cleaning their OWN rooms ! WOW , I guess no TV for a week really works ! 
I think my daughter likes The Little Mermaid too much .... she just came in brushing her hair with a fork ! hahahaha 
My sister is cooking a turkey in her belly ! ? \ 
8 days late so far .... poor thing ! Can't wait to meet her ! 
After a VERY long weekend ( especially for < PROPFEMALE > ) my new niece is here ! Mommy & Daddy did such a great job and they are all doing good . Jadeynn is absolutely BeaUtiful ! Congrats to my baby sister ! ...... and < PROPFIRST > too :-) 
what a crazy past week .... looking forward to some smooth sailing .... not that I am sailing anytime soon .... that would be nice though , except the cold weather ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6 . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite friends to do the same !! 
My daughter makes me laugh ! :-) 
Looking forward to an awesome family weekend ! I ? family time ! 
Science projects are a pain in my a$$ ! just sayin .... 
Let the baking begin ....... PB Bon Bons , Molasses cookies , fudge topped brownies , cheesecake bars , kiss topped cookies , < PROPFEMALE > face grahams .... hmmm should I stop there ? 
Loving my life and everyone in it ..... can't wait for Christmas ..... I love getting to see family ! ? 
home at last ..... whew ! 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married : 7/15/2000 
what good is going to the gym everyday if I can't stop eating like a pig ..... ughhh , have some damn self control ! 
what's better than a 28cent dinner .... cup o ' soup haha 
9 yrs ago today my life changed forever ! Being a mommy brings love to a whole new world . So blessed to have him in my life ! Happy Birthday to the sweetest spirit ever ! ? xoxo ? 
Time needs to stop going by so darn fast .... all these kiddos ( mine included ) growing up so fast . :-( 
Waiting impatiently for my little nephew to come into the world . Excited . :D 
Feels good to be home , but I miss my okie fam already ! ? 
Happy Birthday to my Mommy ! xoxo 
To celebrate VALENTINE'S DAY , change your profile picture to you and your significant other . RE-POST and tell how long you've been together . 
Enjoyed my Auntie time with Jadeynn today ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for sharing your little angel with me ! Love you both SOOOOOO much ! XOXO 
so many things are made WAY more complicated than they REALLY need to be ! ANNOYING ! 
think about how much more we could accomplish if we didn't spend so much time on unnecessary details ! 
I get to see my Jadeynn bug and maybe my < PROPFEMALE > baby this weekend ........ LOVE THEM ! ? 
guess i better get my sluggish ass to the gym before the day is over ............... YAY ME ! ( sorry had a London Tipton moment ... haha ) Good day all ! 
Jillian : You're irritating me . \ 
Me : I'm what ??? \ 
Jillian : ummm ... you're cute . * big guilty smile*\ 
Yeah ..... THAT's what i thought ! 
Had a great time bowling with family today ! Don't be jealous of my score 41 ... now gonna play Wii bowling to get my eago back ... LOL Thanks for the good day < PROPFEMALE > ! ? 
Enjoyed my visit with a good friend ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! XOXO 
1 more day ..... YIPPIE ! ? 
Goodbyes SUCK !!! :-( 
