Happy new year folks , hope you had a good year/decade 

One bright day in the middle of the night , Two dead boys got up to fight . Back to back they faced each other , < PROPFIRST > their swords and shot each other . A deaf policeman heard the noise and ran to save the two dead boys . And if you don’t believe it’s true , go ask the blind man , he saw it too . 
And I do believe what we rely on . 
anyone wanna do something tonight ? 
ec forsacho allum dioboles uuercum and uuordum , Thunaer ende Uuöden ende Saxnote ende allum them unholdum the hira genötas sint 
Mall , < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , saw < PROPFEMALE > and bran , played MOH , and read about vikings and astrology , great 1st day of the year 
Whats white and 12 inches long ? Nothing 
Midnight Meat train , intersting movie 
amazing break , dont really wanna go back tomarrow , but im ready i guess 
last day of school , lets see how these plans work out 
anyone going to the MMR fair ? 
wishing he had some glow sticks 
the whiter the bread the quicker you're dead 
likes when people who dont wanna talk to you will still say something if you leave a comment on their status 
finished mowing the lawn and cleaning of the riding mower 
dont ya hate it when you and a stranger are like you look familiar but you both have no clue why ? 
eagle project in the rain . OF COURSE ! 
feels blahish 
finally ate after last eating at 11:30 today 
finally ate after last eating at 11:30 today and the couch tour was amazing 
anyone wanna go see the transformers movie today ? 
so i saw transformers got home 15 < PROPFEMALE > ago and i wanna go out again , wanna help out with taht ? 
what happened i was planing to go to bed like an hour ago ? 
ß ? ? ß ? 
plans for tonight ? 
rawr 
dinner time wanna make plans ? 
hopes < PROPFEMALE > has fun at work 
just got home from going to johns eagle project , im beat and very dirty , good job on getting that part of become eagle done ! ya im showering now peace 
who wants to plans today ? 
The best athlete is made during the off season . 
plans for today ? 
anyone wanna make plan ? 
its going to be a good day 
overall today was a pretty good day 
is playing pokemon red 
will be at summer camp for the next week so i wont exactly be here 
found the movie on netflix he wanted to rent after looking for awhile and will now go to bed 
im at summer camp for a week , may have my cell but dont expect any replys if you txt 
is home from camp plans ? 
Drop dead a bullet to my head , your words are like a gun in hand 
phones broken will be getting a new one in two weeks when i return from europe 
europe for 2 weeks 
is still in europe and thknks thez have weird keyboards in germany 
got a boot and is ready for some das boot 
is home 
is home and needs to get a phone that works 
plans anyone ? would txt a few people but my phone dosnt work 
plans anyone ? 
going swimming leave a message here if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > , btw got a car 
new phone so i need your # kept the same number 
new phone i need your < PROPFIRST > 
The will to win is like Gatorade , Is it in you ? 
dont feel like being in the house all day wanna make plans ? 
nap anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? just txt or leave something here 
ok so i couldnt fall asleep 
feels like getting a new game to waste his time on , any suggestions for the wii or the game boy series ? 
anyone going to the blink 182 concert aug 27th 
who want to give me and a friend a ride to and from the blink 182 concert august 27 
plans ? 
plans tonight ? 
has finally got the Blues Brothers DVD 
finished watching the blues brothers and enjoyed it completly 
my family has low sodium trisects which makes me a little sad 
is watching Dod sno 
so softball was good exept foe getting hit in the head ( not my fault ) and in my chest ( bad catch n my part ) 
Say anything , but say what you mean ' cause I'm caught in suspension 
is home from his college tour talk to me 
needs some stuff to do today , hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > 
thinks he may get wawa for lunch 
bro and i are going to wawa 
anyone wanna chill today ? 
got $30 for helping my grandparents throw all the old shingles and other varies junk into the dumpster since 10 im going to go take a shower since i accidentally fell asleep and had to kinda rush over with my bro 
fuck where are my keys ? 
found my keys , right where they should have been , just under some paper lol saint stans rain ? hopefully 
somehow lost his headphones last night , have no clue how or where 
fair and new station pizza with friends amazing night 
can't wait for 7 to roll around 
had a great time with < PROPMALE > and bergy all over lansdale 
is looking for some new bands , suggestions ? 
' s night has just been made 
anyone loose some Kiss My Face : Vanilla Sugar organic lip balm a night we < PROPMALE > out ? because found it in my car and ya 
well off to bettys then blink 182 later txt it 
so who has luch 6th the first semester and 7th the second semester 
is tired 
hopes his new phone works after he tries drying it out 
phone works agian 
txt if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > 
is remembering why he dosnt like wearing his sandles exept for short trips 
had a great time at kennys bday party , but is sad about loosing the balloon he was going to gift to him 
phone isnt working so get in touch with me with some other form of communication(aka facebook or my homephone () 
speak low if you speak love 
bitches love me cause they know that i can rhyme 
is a mighty zombie talking of some love and posterity 
today I was watching SuperNanny . A little girl was crawling around and making dinosaur noises to the camera . I see no problem with this behavior 
so school tomarrow , starting senior year , hopes he can finish strong 
senior year , lets do this 
engines humm and bitter dreams grow , heart locked in a Gran Torino . 
so anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
Lightning strikes : interesting scifi movie 
has cheese in his ... 
has too much cheese in his ... 
1st double lab of the year tomarrow 
bite of more than you can chew . THEN CHEW IT ! 
Hey , < PROPMALE > ... how do you think they get the Ms on the little M&Ms ? 
happy constitution day everyone 
everyone decides they wanna < PROPFEMALE > with me the only weekend of the month i wont be home lol 
just relized his parents got new phones for the whole house 
Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow . You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4 . They will be euthanizing all animals without a home !!! Go & save a life !! 30 cats and 80 dogs left . please re-post 
so , i just passed my eagle board of review , i think you know what that means . 
gets to take the bus to school for the first time this year monday 
playing pokemon red 
Fuck it , we'll do it live ! 
see where the wild things are tonight 
Where the wild things are , amazing kickass movie 
good night bisides getting wet at the game , bisides getting wet 
Just had the best dinner at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s house he had in awhile 
You can't lie to a nun . We got to go in and visit the Penguin . 
good night tonight , chilled with < PROPMALE > . 
holloween , fuck ya ! 
good night last night , < PROPMALE > with old and new friends , and learned my wawa < PROPMALE>'s name 
feels refreshed man 
Remember , remember the 5th of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason why the gunpowder should ever be forgot . 
Let's make like a fabric softener and Snuggle ! 
im gay 
RAWR 
thinks he may be ready for the upcoming track season . 
is watching The Digimon movie 
got accepted to PSU and Bloomsburg yesterday 
Winter track season tomarrow ... yay 
Day one of track completed , this is gonna be a fun season 
Rulers wear a crown while the rest of us wear hats , but which would you rather have when its raining ? 
Wacky Wednesday abs here we come ! 
so track tomarrow at 9- 10:30 /11ish , looking forward for jarros ' abs then who wants to make plans with me ? txt me or whatever 
so track today at 9- 10:30 /11ish , looking forward for jarros ' abs then who wants to make plans with me ? txt me or whatever 
i'm gonna be really sore tomarrow 
just got home but wants to go back out agian . ;-; 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
SCRUBS fuck ya 
Last night , after I thought all of the trick-or-treaters were gone , a boy of about 14 years of age came to my house . He was dressed all in red . Instead of saying ' trick-or-treat ' , he said ' I'm your period , sorry I'm late . ' He got my last jumbo bag of < PROPFEMALE > , and he restored all of my faith in his generation . MLIA 
so plans for tonight ? 
finished watching boondock saints again , damn good movie 
hopeing today is just as great as yesterday was 
if you're life is getting tough it means god's getting afraid of you're progress 
OMG I LOVE MRS . < PROPMALE > !!! 
deffinitly one interesting weekend 
Pardon me , I seem to have lost my phone number , could I borrow yours ? 
apparently has tecno beetoven on his mp3 player 
so who want to < PROPFEMALE > tomarrow ? 
I'm sorry , < PROPMALE > . I'm afraid I can't do that . 
weekend is already off to an amazing start and i just got home from school 
plans got a little messed up but was able to save the day with a good night at the mall with other friends 
SNOW , FUCK YA ! 
THE BIG COMFY COUCH ROCKS ! 
Sometimes I wish the zombie apocalipse would happen because i think i could make it . And i think i could save you . Maybe we could find a cure and save the world , or maybe we'd just fall in love . 
Track always finds ways to make me curious/scared at the same time . 
didn't think he sweated that much at track , but somehow did . 
Love was made for me and you =] ? 
so who want to < PROPFEMALE > over the break ? 
< PROPFEMALE > for the guy . 
walked through snow in socks flipflops tshirt and shorts too see < PROPFEMALE > , worth it ? Fuck ya . 
sucks at wrapping gifts more then he thought 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Todays plan : Track , mess around , see aunt uncle nease , then i got nothing 
cupcake milkshake 
When you reach the bowls of hell challange satan to fisticuffs and inform him it was i who sent you . 
anyone wanna do anthing tonight ? 
Great day , was up in NY for the majority then came home for like 10 < PROPFEMALE > then left to go to < PROPMALE>'s till 11 
just got unlimitied txting 
WE'LL DO IT LIVE ! FUCK IT ! DO IT LIVE ... look , I'll write it and we'll do it live ! Fucking thing SUCKS ! 
whatever the lady put in my hair smells good 
small ge t-t ogether for a friends bday at 6 plans for after that ? txt me , got unlit now 
yay , got track this morning , txt it 
yayyyya !!! 
awesome day/night , somehow didnt get yelled at for being almost a hour late for cerfew so i still say good day 
awesome day/night , somehow didnt get yelled at for being almost a hour late for cerfew so i still say good day , though is really sorry he couldnt take his friends home 
I dreamed I was a soldier who could bring peace . But eventually , you always have to wake up . 
yay no track 
Truth is ... 
so , tomarrows gonna be a bitch 
so ready for school ... 
so ready for school and track ... 
alright , lets go see if i can get an eagle palm .... in shorts 
Ah , no ball or chain no prison shall keep . We`re the rebels of the sacred heart 
Well , sad , small , sweet , so delicate , it used to be this dying breed . 
All the ways you wish you could be that's me . I look like you wanna look , I fuck like you wanna fuck , I am smart , capable , and most importantly ... I am free in all the ways you are not . 
Commitment is a line you cross ... it's the difference between wishing and doing . 
So i got nothing to do tommarow night , anyone wanna help change that ? 
2 hour delay , i needed that 
guesses he'll be staying in tonight 
guesses he'll be staying in tonight txt me if you want 
got home awhile ago , and wants to go back out , help anyone ? 
Went swimming at track , wore the hawian swimsuit he never put on home and had < PROPMALE > and cheese for dinner good night 
anyone wanna make plans for tomarrow ? 
going to the track meet tomarrow , whoo ! 
Today , some drunk dude broke into my house while my parents were out . Scared , I asked him what he wanted , his response was \cookies . \ " FML " 
Track practice on MLK day alright ! 
He’s got a watch with a minute hand , a millennium hand , and an eon hand 
werewolves , target , cute blonde boys , good night 
had an amazing weekend with < PROPFEMALE > k , reese , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his mommy , and other assorted people , intill he crashed and took a 1 1/2 nap but was a good nap 
You live long enough to hear the sound of guns , long enough to find yourself screaming every night , long enough to see your friends betray you . 
... Using only 4 words tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together . Then copy and paste this to your own FB status & see the responses you get 
Repression is the father of neurosis , of self-hatred ... We should never try to deny the beast , the animal within us . 
thinks its a really beutiful night out , be very nice if it be a lil warmer out . 
ill be out for most of the day so if you want me txt me . 
helped < PROPFEMALE > move all day then went midnight bowling and now is sleeping over at < PROPMALE>'s nice day/ ya 
Atta boy saints sure duffys excited as all getout 
so i did work outside in hawian shorts , what did you do today ? 
Hi i was woundering if this was the lolipop factory , because all of you are a bunch of suckers . =p 
took his pants off infront of his brothers girlfriend , woops . 
hello 6 day weekend 
feeling is as vital as breath . And without it , without love , without anger , without sorrow , breath is just a clock ... ticking . 
goodbye weekend hello school 
who wants to do something tomarrow ? 
so ya txt me if you wanna chill tomarrow 
mouthwash up the nose is not plesent 
Sometimes , it is better to be kind than to be right . We do not need a brilliant mind that speaks , but a patient heart who listens . 
' s day has just been made 
Dear weekend where did you go ? 
wishing i had rice crispies at home so i could eat them 
is off to his last boyscout meeting as a boy 
would like to thank everyone for their birthday wishes and for those who came over to chill 
Wanna make plans for tomorrow ? 
off to my eagle ceremony ! 
very fun night , happy birthday < PROPMALE > though he dosnt have a facebook 
just watched Død snø ! 
interesting night , goodnight 
When i was 5 years old , my mom always told me that happiness was the key too life . When i went to school , they asked me what i wanted to be when i grew up . I wrote down \happy . \ " They told me i didn't understand the assignment and i told them they didn't understand life . " 
Hands that help are far better then lips that pray . 
So this weekend was a great one , < PROPFEMALE > in wounderland with people , sleepover at lukes with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , chill at lukes till 3:15 take < PROPFIRST > home , go back to Lukes chill till i pick up my bro and then come home , can apparently stay at Lukes for almost 24 hours without being kicked out 
Goodbye amazing weekend i spent with pretty much 4 and some more on friday people and hello track , oh how i missed you . 
first day of track , complete . could use food and a shower though 
can feel yesterdays and todays practice , man its good to be back 
plans for tomorrow ? 
Real men hide their emotions . Why ? Because it's none of your fuckin ' business ! 
plans may not have worked out this weekend but it was still damn good 
weekend was great , now i get to go deal with school and track 
who wants to hamg tommorow ? 
who wants to go get free ritas with me today ? 
good day/night hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , had lots of ritas and stuff 
great weekend , and now i get to go to bed and probuly almost reget it tomarrow morning/ after track 
You can take control of my mind and my body , but there is one thing I will always keep ... my pride ! 
free cheesecake tonight wooo ! 
So if the devil as you to dance , you better say never . Because a dance with the devil may last you forver . 
PRed in shot with 27'5\ and then < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > Duffy . Good day in my book though it was cold out during the meet . " 
I'm not paid to believe , I'm paid to fuck shit up . 
Evil is a point of view . God kills indiscriminately and so shall we . For no creatures under God are as we are , none so like him as ourselves . 
so we got a 5 day weekend coming up anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? 
so im going to bed txt me up for any plans or if you just wanna talk 2152372544 
I wish that my first word were \QUOTE\ " so my last words could be \ " End Quote \"" 
picking up my bro from NP and then dinner , plans for afterwards ? 
hopes that tomarrow goes smothly because i see it not going that way 
I'd do that racoon ... wait is that a bobcat ? 
school and then track looks like im not getting home till about 6:30 or 7 
Griper hård på en mäktig hammar . Ut för svaga kristna blod . 
so im woundering where i put my headphones and i hope they didnt go through the wash 
found his missing headphones , woo , and has a surprise for everyone tomorrow 
Life is pleasent , and death is peacefull . It's the transistion that is troublesome . 
So who wants to < PROPFEMALE > tomarrow ? 
do you know the muffin man ? 
Be without fear in the face of your enemies . Safeguard the helpless , and do no wrong . 
Holiness is in right action , and courage on behalf of those who cannot defend themselves . 
no school kinda feeling it 
If a kid refuses to sleep during his nap time , is he guilty of ... \resisting a rest \"?" 
chillen at my house txt me ? 2152372544 
MST3K oh how i forgot about you 
and when the answer that you want is in the question that you state , come what may . 
so anyone know what letter day it will be tomarrow ? knowing if i should do hw tonight or i can just do it in study hall would be nice 
We are now up against live , hostile targets . So , if Little Red Riding Hood should show up with a bazooka and a bad attitude , I expect you to < PROPFEMALE > the bitch . 
Never gonna regret watching every sunset we'll , listen to your heartbeat all the love that we found . 
One day I'll fail to breathe , and all you'll have are memories . 
So no track tomorrow and i dont have any possible plans till 9ish , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > in the time between ? 
So i went bowling with < PROPMALE > , Jenn , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Then Nightmear on elm street with < PROPFIRST > , good night . 
wow we lost i have no clue what to say 
You know , this scene is strong enough for a Manos , but made for a Womanos . 
decent day today , tomarrow prom gonna be great , know imma going to forget something though 
had a good night at prom =] 
so prom was great last night then i did dishes this morning at my friends house , makes perfect sence . 
i said its hot outside let me go swimming in your eyes 
out to dinner soon with my mom and bro , happy mothers day everyone . 
prom pics up =D 
my 8th and final season of track ended today , where did all the time go ? Atleast i can say i ended with a pr for my last meet . 
Give me the key to your darkness , and I'll give you the key to my light . 
hope im not getting sick or something , dont really want to be putting up with my nose 
Death stings the victim only once , but those left behind feel the pain of loss with every passing memory . 
so my plans for tomorrow kinda went from having some too none , anyone wanna help me out ? 
I really wounder how i find some of the stuff i read about on the internet . Just learned what Monarch Slave Programming was . 
I've got some friends , some that I hardly know , but we've had some times , I wouldn't trade for the world . 
so this weekend was pretty up and down , guess its time for bed goodnight . 
Never compromise . Not even in the face of Armageddon . That's always been the difference between us . 
I'm just fine with who I am . I may not be the\ 
smartest or the most attractive person but I'm happy with the path I'm\ 
taking and I'm just fine with not having to step on others to achieve\ 
happiness . 
So , how bout them flyers . 
Life is complicated , its confusing , and full of\ 
questions . But maybe thats the point . Maybe we need the complicated to\ 
make us or break us . Maybe we need the confusing to help better\ 
understand . And maybe , just maybe its these questions that help decide\ 
how things will turn out , for it may be complicated but the answers are\ 
simple . 
Suffer the pain of dicipline or suffer the pain of regret . 
Ohana means family , family means nobody gets left behind . Or forgotten . 
You don't develop courage by being happy in your\ 
relationships everyday . You develop it by surviving difficult times and\ 
challenging adversity . 
Chilled with < PROPFEMALE > Diver like all night at a fair and saw fireworks and chilled with her friend for a awhile very good night cept for the chicken fingers not being chicken fingers 
Little strokes \ 
Fell great oaks . 
A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer . It sings because it has a song . 
at cape may till sunday bye folks 
Good people die . Things are never fair , and love does not concour all . For life is often a crueler tyrant than kings . 
A building is a symbol , as is the act of destroying it . Symbols are\ 
given power by people . A symbol , in and of itself is powerless , but\ 
with enough people behind it , blowing up a building can change the\ 
world . 
All these men here know they're going to die . So , each night when they\ 
make it back , it's a bonus . So , every cup of tea , every cigarette is\ 
like a little celebration . You just have to accept that . 
so ya i graduated . yay =D 
Live for today , love for tomorrow , and laugh at all\ 
your yesterdays . Never regret the past , always hope for the future , and\ 
< PROPFEMALE > every moment you have . 
had a great time at < PROPMALE > Duffys grad party , and came home with two bottles of juice , white rice , and 11 dollars . 
For every girl with a broken heart ... there is a boy with a glue gun . :D 
Communication . It's the first thing we really learn\ 
in life . Funny thing is , once we grow up , learn our words and really\ 
start talking the harder it becomes to know what to say . Or how to ask\ 
for what we really need . 
I've given a lot of thought to the nights we use to have . The days have come and gone\ 
Our lives went by so fast . 
anyone wanna chill today ? hit me up 
had an interesting night but i guess it kinda worked out was glad to see people he dosnt really ever see though . 
like my status andd ill say something i like , dislike and my first impression of you 
Inbox only . if u had 1 night with me , what would u wanna do ? repost as ur status nd see how many crazy things u get 
God only knows when your word isn't pure and the blood on your hands isn't yours . I won't believe any word that you tell and I won't drink the blood if it spills . 
just finished the first season of Avtar the last airbender now grad parties intill whenever 
warped tour with Reese Freeburg today !! Feel like its gonna be a great day =p 
Where your eyes don't go a filthy scarecrow waves its broomstick arms and does a parody of each unconscious thing you do . 
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us , \ 
but how we react to what happens ; not by what life brings to us , but by \ 
the attitude we bring to life . A positive attitude causes a chain \ 
reaction of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . It is a catalyst ... a\ 
spark that creates extraordinary results . 
TRIFORCE UNITE !!!! 
See first , think later , then test . But always see first otherwise you will always see what you were expecting . Most people forget that . 
Like this Status I'lll rate you from 1- 10 ! I'll be honest . :D 
only shooting stars break the mold 
\May your heart grow bolder like an iron -- clad brigade " 
It's impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions . 
so pretty much decided to put out his fire he had going for 6 hours up in the mountains to come inside and do nothing , great ... 
We can never turn back the pages of time , though we \ 
may wish to relive a happy moment , or say goodbye just one last time , we\ 
never can , because the sands of time continue to fall , and we can’t \ 
turn the hourglass over . 
leaves in 7 days so if you wanna see be before then lets make it happen . 
so today is my last day before i leave for college ... 
spent the day with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Jenkins , night with < PROPFEMALE > Hope Liwerant and < PROPFEMALE > Halpern then end it all with Blood Creek , good way to spend my last day of summer 
went for a full run today and it felt good in a bad kinda way 
went running for the second night in a row , didn't go as well as the last night , stupid legs 
so , tonight was very interesting to say the least . 
And if your heart wears thin , i will hold you up , \ 
and i will hide you , when it gets too much . I'll be right beside you . \ 
Nobody will break you . 
has a photo shoot going on right outside his dorm , 3 girls in bikinis , i like . 
Will be home tomorrow though monday sometime so hit me up on here or call me , txting dosnt seem to be working so avoid that till further notice 
so im in lansdale now texting is working now get in touch ? i leave tomorrow sometime 
so were pretty much just creepen on some girl in my SRA class kinda weird 
Does anyone know why garden golf is closing ? 
pretty much came home from his first class took a 3 hour nap ( 10ish-1ish ) woke up and around 120 while working on an essay though he freaked out a lil thinking he had to be in a class like 20 < PROPFEMALE > ago . I dont got one till 325 fml 
I’m wondering how something so beautiful can cut so fuckin’ deep .... 
The world forgetting , by the world forgot . Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! 
How did we meet ? ( Copy this into your status and see who remembers ) 
any good movies i should see when im home this weekend ? 
No english class today ? i wont argue lol 
so i woke up like 45 < PROPFEMALE > ago got breakfast and finally checked facebook i was like \wow a lot of north penn kids skipped school today\ " then i realized today was saturday not friday " 
you and i wake up in jail together . using only four words , what would you say to me ? ( note if you comment you have to copy and paste this into your status . be fair and play along . i did . ) 
had a good friday night which ended up with me sleeping in the basement since my dad was in my bed . let home the trend continues . 
no plans txt me if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? 2152372544 
inbox only !!!! Send me something you've always wanted to tell me and it\ 
will stay between you and me . Put this as you status and see what you\ 
get . 
“What would you rather have : some overly-educated gasbag like < PROPMALE > or a semi-literate f *** machine like me ? Come on . ” 
Dear Boy scouts , I realized i miss you terribly thankfully i will see you again soon at pig roast . Love < PROPMALE > 
class was cancled yay ! here comes procrastination now 
i thought i was done with fire drills when i graduated NP ... guess not 
wish i had off for election day would have gotten me out of my worst day of classes 
of couse i would loose the receipt of something i wanna return to giant but still have the one from 2 times ago that i found in an instant 
found that receipt he was looking for . yay ! 
COMPLETELY\ 
honest for 24 hours . ask ONE question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) . i will answer\ 
in full honesty , i dare you to put this as your status and see what \ 
questions are asked . 
had a great time camping at pigroast , < PROPFIRST > McCullough wish you were there would have had a great time and < PROPMALE > Duffy i slept in a tent sat night so i can say i camped to your definition 
me+________ , make the perfect couple , set this as your status and see who people say 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you always wanted to say to me . Stays between us . Put this as your status and see what you get 
starting tomorrow i'll be home for 9 days so hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > . 
felt i did good on my math quiz chillen till noon going home 
just threw up , quite reliving if i must say , though would have wished all of this would have occurred at a more reasonable time then 430am 
going to an eagle ceremony soon just put on my uniform , i remember when it was a little big on me .. 
So todays sunday , bisides it being my bros birthday , its the day i return to school , kinda sucks , but happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Gerhart 
todays allready starting out good 1 class is canceled 
Promise you won't forget me , because if I thought you would , I'd never leave . 
just got oovoo , rooky3492 
Got into Youth Group again , forgot how i much i liked em , for some reason i think it be a cool band to play at like then end of the world or something 
if it was for disappointment i wouldn't have any appointment 
It’s all your fault no you’ll have to pay with the rest of your life never knowing emotions 
8 people in my first class today that incudes the student teacher and the teacher 
message me a number 0-1000 ! and i will write you something in my status !.... but only you will know who its for !! 
10 so we need to go back to the mountain house so i can kick youre ass in magic and youre a nice kid and have a cool girlfriend . see ya in the 19th 
3 , you are the last of a dyeing breed , a true getnlemen , miss you and our track refernces and btw over winterbreak im stealling all your MST3k's 
676 youre a cool girl loved seeing you at the mall saturday , which reminded me of all of our spanish class we should < PROPFEMALE > sometime txt me 2152372544 
317 i miss you terribly but seeing as youre in floroda i dont think i can do much bout it . Cant wait to see < PROPMALE > in pictures or in person if one of us is ever near the other . and miss public speaking with you but not so much Ms. < PROPMALE > 
222 youre a cool girl that i miss < PROPFEMALE > ing out with , kinda mad i only see you when you are working though but ill take what i can get , wanna < PROPFEMALE > over break ? 
49 though i do prefer duffy over you , still do enjoy spending time with you . You me and stewert should < PROPFEMALE > soon . and ya tillys a boss cat 
3.1415 Hello fellow eagle , i have majors respect for you and thanks for letting me sleep in your dorm along with 2 unexpected guests was a boss time . and not gonna lie in my yearbook you wrote p.s. 152 is better and told me as you were writing we should put it aside nice one btw . \ 
\ 
ps 399 is better lawl 
97 i kinda dont remember a lot about you . but from our few conversations recently you seem like a cool girl . maybe we sould < PROPFEMALE > sometime . 
# 4 youre a cool girl and im sorry that i probuly do stuff you dont appreciate but im glad you havent come and punched me in the face or something . We need to chill more and stuff 
6969 i hant seen you since school ended which is sad so over winter beak we should totes < PROPFEMALE > . and you deff should have stayed in that personal finance class 
17 x3 = 51 really glad we had both gyms together feel like our friendship grew , the fact you can write in runes is boss youre a real nice girl and deff may put other infront of yourself 
123456789 she totes wants me lol jk but youre a cool kid and im totes gonna kick youre ass in magic ( lawl jk that wont happen ) but cant wait to see you soon 
80085 is a pretty cool guy who dosnt afraid of anything , and i miss our adventures to a resturerant then to a movie theater to see a movie we want without checking times and geting there 5 < PROPFEMALE > before the movie we want starts . were hanging over break 
Many that live deserve death . And some that die deserve life . Can you give it to them ? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement . For even the very wise cannot see all ends . 
would like to thank Farhan Ajaz , < PROPFIRST > Gregor , or < PROPMALE > Espina for that lovely status update 
Is now heading back to the Lansdale area from now till January 9th , hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > before i go back 
last night was real good with some old friends , wish i was a lil less tired though 
i wish i was still out so boring in my house 
A Serpent guard , a Horus guard , and a Setesh guard meet on a neutral planet . It is a tense moment . The Serpent guard's eyes glow . The Horus guard's beak glistens . The Setesh guard's nose drips . 
wish it was easier to < PROPFEMALE > with everyone at the same time lol 
loves when his friends wake him up at 2pm when he needed more sleep to take him to wawa 
2010 is almost over , if your real enough inbox me & confess something you always wanted to tell me . it stays between me and you . 100% private put this as your status , you may be surprised 
A game ... Let's see how creative my FB friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... 
is leaving on sunday so if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > one last time before i go hit me up 
< PROPFIRST > Conaway way to written up 
well looks like i go back today , thanks for the good break lansdale 
one class down 2 classes to go 
Fundraiser tonight at Cheeburger Cheeburger . 4-8 PM Come on out and support The North Penn Fashion Forward Club ! 
Rhymes that keep their secrets will unfold behind the clouds . And there upon the rainbow is the answer 
This is fun ! Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ? 
If love is a labor I'll slave till the end 
I don't need no gang to watch my ass , just loyal friendship and a pint of Bass ! 
Love isn't something you feel , it's something you do . If the person you're with doesn't want it , do yourself a favor and save it for someone who does . 
Remember when .... :) * like it * 
Good people die . Things are never fair , and love does not conquer all , for life is often a crueler tyrant then kings . 
Found my phone , fuck ya !! 
truth is .. 
wish i was in high school so i could have today off 
They changed the NP website ? since when ? 
Great Friday Night 
great night with < PROPFEMALE > Kauffman , Reese Freeburg and < PROPFIRST > Powers . While not all at once worked out very nicely 
blah 
So i just relized today is the last day of spring break for me , fml 
i need to learn how to not go on my brothers facebook because it could have ramifications 
so i somehow forgot to take my ipod home but forgot to bring the charger i brought home for it back to college , great 
