pretty much the only thing i can control in life is my own actions , :) 

got a lil niece of nephew on the way ! (((((((: 
so i'm lookin fwd to this weekendddddd ;) 
can't help who i've been but i can control who i am . 
i wish i never met you boyyy . 
babyyyysitting ; my mother got married yesterday . phones messed up :/ 
talkin to the best guyyy ever <3 
anywayysss . :) 
effort is somethin i ain't got left . i've given it all awayy and haven't asked for nothin in return . nothin left to do but pick up the pieces and take the loss . 
* Fear not when , fear not why , fear not much while we're alive . life's for livin , not livin uptight . see ya somewhere up in the sky . Fear not die , i'll be alive for a million years . Bye-byes are not for legends , i'm forever young ;; my name shall survive . <3 : jay-z . 
Please start doin you , i been doin me . And i'm a staple in my city you can never ruin me . [: 
lifestyle ; extravagant . attitude ; arrogant . (: 
The past is always there , but it doesn't have to determine the future . (: 
see you don't ever have to worry about me , whatever's on my mind ima speak on how i feel . 
How did we overcome such obstacles and setbacks ??. They told me i was average but i just couldn't accept that . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , we have taught each other alot about life , gone thru deep experiences together , n learned alot of thangs . i grew up with you . you are my best friend in the world , and our friendship has gone thru the toughtest tests but only to prove we are real friends . our friendship is the realest thing i have ever known . 
told u day one , i was gonna do it . still you doubted me . 
lost my phone ... eh , i'll find it later . 
I believe in angels , the kind that heaven sends . I am surrounded by angels , but I call them friends . 
totally just realized its Sunday , i have not completed my study guide , i have no idea where it's at , and the exam is tomorrow morning first block . :/ 
going to see my little brother in his play later ! :) 
best week ever . 
there are ppl you will always have in your life that are worth hurting over and putting effort to fix things , and then there's ppl that you'd jus be better off without :) i do wat i want . and it dont involve you . wait , you who ? you are nobody to me . 
the ones who will be down to the very end , ya'll aint related but ya jus like kin . cool ppl , and you'll always be cool w/me . ( : 
this is a cave . you're not allowed in here . 
i'm really mad , however , i graduated last nite c/o ' 10 (: .. wish i could speak to my bestfriend but he's sittin in jail because of @ *#&$%&%* @ !!!!!!!!. Free my wody ! ~ 
i put your picture away . 
stop sayin tomorro !!!.. thats wat u said yesterday .. :/ 
i wanna be forever young <3 
sunburnt :/ 
gonna have another nephew (: 
change is a part of life . 
its kinda hard to keep faith in the things that you do when everybody turns their back on you -- talib kweli (: 
i love breaking < PROPMALE > :) 
Happy to be me . 
better than ever :) 
school .... 
everyday is a < PROPMALE > to grow . 
Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young , but set an example for the believers in speech , in life , in love , in faith and in purity . 
motivation is what gets you started ; habit is what keeps you going . the future you see is the future you get . 
school sucks ; ilawrjf&a <3 
Got to go to work at 12 . Waiting on my dad to bring the car i hope its fixed for good this time . 
Work from 12 to 5 then i'm off for the weekend . :) 
Over my boyfriends mama's house . He looks handsome in them glasses :) jk . 
Just got out the shower . Layin down watchin a weird movie wit pookie bear and < PROPFIRST > and foxx . Its boring . 
Everything is everything . 
I wish everyone in the world was trustworthy . 
Sittin at < PROPFIRST > mama house wit him . Looking for another job :( 
Awh :) i hope this last forever 
Going to clean the whole house and my car today .... Hopefully .... Lol 
Got the house clean :) < PROPFIRST > & foxx helped . Watching them play madden ( boring . ) and fixin to get a shower and relax . 
Can't sleep :( 
Figured out alot of stuff today . sittin at the house wit < PROPFIRST > & foxx watchin them losers play dragon ball z :) 
At the crib . Wit < PROPFIRST > n foxx . 
Watchin a movie wit my boyfriend and foxx . Its pretty good . 
Jus sittin at the house wit allisha , going to my dad's house today so he can fix my tires . 
Madden :( boo . I hate watching people play sports video games . Lol fixin to take a shower and leave :) 
??? Idk wat 2 do bout certain situations , but all i know is i'm good for the moment . 
Got a job interview 2 moro :) 
At smurf crib watchin these jerks play pool . 
:( 
Jus chillin at my mama's house . Watchin the kids . Missin < PROPFIRST > . 
The truth always come out . 
Y does hot sauce make everything taste better . Lol . 
Worst day ever :( n its not over yet . 
Things can get crappy for a while but it all seems 2 work out . Content 4 now . Happy wit my pookie bear :) 
Want 2 leave him sometimes , but i jus can't :( 
No hot water :( waitin on < PROPFIRST > 2 get off work then going 2 get him . I love him 4 ever , even when things get tough . 
Gonna try 2 have a good day . 
I jus wanna live n be happy . 
At the end of the day we still have each other . 
Watching high school musical wit foxx 4 some reason . :) i <3 awrj 4 ever n ever ! 
Is this a mistake i made , or the best thing that's ever happened 2 me ?? Sometimes its hard 2 tell ... 
Fresh & clean . :) 
Just got 2 go day by day and everything will be ok . God will always provide . 
Everything is going 2 get better . 
Anyone wanna go 2 church sunday ? Lookin 4 somewhere 2 go i need 2 spend some time wit God . 
I need 2 not combine myself wit anyone . Cuz the only one who takes care of me is myself . 
Over my dad's house . Start work tomorrow . 
I promise if this don't work i ain't never tryin this again 
My life will be wat i want it 2 be . 
Sometimes agreeing 2 disagree is just the best thing 2 do . Even though i'm still totally rite . Jk 
I love wakin up happy . 
Cleaning the house and listening 2 < PROPFEMALE > underwood wit foxx . Jesus take the wheel :) 
8 months and goin strong . Hate on it . :) 
