really , really likes this year so far . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . <3 

has to go to work in half an hour and still isn't having a bad day . 2010 is pretty darn good so far . 
has just had pretty much every single aspect of his life validated in quick succession . ... Man , 2010 is AWESOME so far . 
got quite a bit of work done earlier today on getting his scripting project organized . Only three or so < PROPMALE > steps left until it's ready . 
I think I've had about the most confusing week-and-a-half of my life , beginning two Thursdays ago . Will eventually explain that statement unless no one cares . 
Also I am wearing sweatpants for the first time in over a year . 
is tired for some reason but will probably still be up far , far too late tonight talking to people . 
cannot believe he took so many of those stupid quizzes in one night . 
is often very confused by his emotions . Now is no exception . 
has just had an excellent ending to a basically perfect day . 
will be completely insane ( i.e. doped up on Valium ) in about an hour . He will also be getting his family to take recordings and/or photos of him during this time , just because he can . 
feels pretty good considering that he is now missing four teeth . 
was supposed to put up a picture that didn't make < PROPFEMALE > collapse into fits of giggles , but probably failed . * monocle monocle * 
would like to know if all Communication teachers are annoying , old , and somewhat unintelligent , as his last two have been . 
is a lucky , lucky man . 
is going to open gaming night tonight , but is oddly not excited about it at all . 
has had an absolutely incredible weekend . Thanks , < PROPMALE > . <3 
should stop quiz-spamming everyone he knows but for some reason can't . 
wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > for yet another freaking amazing day . Also he wants to say that 10th Kingdom is an awesome movie and everyone should go free up the 7 or so hours needed to watch it right now . 
is severely weirded out and honestly scared right now . 
is doing infinitely better than last night thanks to an infinitely better day . 
just gave his video game pitch presentation for class and is shocked at how not-horribly it went . 
actually did a lot better than he'd originally thought and now has a prospective partner for the semester project . 
Blarg , I hate OS upgrades . It's all fine and dandy working with a pure vanilla install of Leopard , but when you're dual-booted with Ubuntu Jaunty , you have to FORCE the install disk and Ubuntu to play nice , which neither of them like at all . 
In similar news , I have a headache . 
has not had the greatest morning ever and also wonders why he even shows up to his COMM class . Day's getting better , though . 
may not have had the greatest morning ever , but now has yet another evening tied for greatest ever . For which thanks go to < PROPFEMALE > once again . 
is way , WAY out of his league -- and for the first time has someone who actually means the same thing he does when saying \I love you . \"" 
just watched a short film about war -- only it was actually about capture the flag . ' Twas awesome . 
has had a roller-coaster of a day . Is now on one of the more sickening of the drops , which immediately followed the very best bit . 
has had a roller-coaster of a day . Is now on one of the more sickening of the drops , which immediately followed the very best bit . 
IS STRESSED ! 
is less stressed now . 
is now minus one computer . Brother is now plus one computer . 
really , really wants the storyboard he wrote to magically go away so he doesn't have to use it for this film assignment . 
is worried . 
is now even more worried . 
hates having good reasons to be worried all the time . 
is 100% devoid of worry for the first time today . Also just noticed that he has 151 friends exactly , which is especially hilarious given that he was watching the first series of Pokémon earlier today . 
Ha-ha-ha , it's half past midnight , isn't it ? Ha-ha-ha , I was going to go to sleep two hours ago , wasn't I ? ... Fail . 
Good heavens I love days like this . 
is perplexed . Could someone explain to me just exactly how a handgun and a pocketknife are equivalent ? Be sure to use small words , because I'll bet I won't be able to comprehend this . 
, actually , is not doing as well as he thought . 
feels like way more of a jerk right now than he probably actually is . Also like a piece of worthless scum . But that's tangential , so never mind . 
wants to know why these otherwise-beautiful evenings keep souring so badly right at the end . 
has nearly a hundred more screenshots to go through just for one season of the fortress he's running for his story before he's up to date with it . He also takes far too many screenshots . 
blinked and missed Saturday . Of course , the fact that this blink lasted from 1:00 AM to 2:00 PM might have had something to do with it . 
' s COMM professor loves his buzzwords . 
' s COMM professor also wants to know how babby is formed . 
just heard a guy named < PROPFIRST > and a guy named < PROPFIRST > just introduce themselves to each other a couple of seats over in CS . Best thing to overhear ever . 
just * loves * how his CS professor thinks he makes sense when he talks like this . It's like \Cute ! It thinks it speaks English ! \"" 
is going to play Dwarf Fortress for a couple of hours while watching Glee , and then pass out . When he wakes up two incredibly awesome things will have happened : he will have turned 20 and < PROPFEMALE > will be with him . Life is good . 
wants to thank everyone who wrote happy birthday stuff on his Wall and would also like to say that the past 24 or so hours have been incredibly awesome in many many ways . Thanks for that go mostly to < PROPFEMALE > , my family , and all their co-conspirators that scared the living fish out of me when I walked in the door this evening to see about a million people in my living and dining rooms all yelling \Surprise ! \"" 
... Speaking of the Geek Test ... 
wants you all to know that the giant headless blobby guy is not pleased . 
Apparently OOP is too complicated for these twits in class to understand . Or the professor is too much of a twit to explain it using polysyllabic words . Either way . 
woke up to a bunch of Mexicans tearing off the roof less than five minutes before class started . Worst wake-up call EVER . 
just accidentally got on his soapbox for ten solid minutes in film class . Oops . 
thinks it should be Bath Time all around the world . Then we can all belly dance and incite horrific acts of society-destroying violence in the name of someone that causes acid trips . 
Mushrooms + bacon = a very unhealthy very awesome good dinner . 
has had a really rotten day . 
wishes he didn't fail so much at getting Power Game Factory to behave . 
is sick of working on this game project but is not going to be able to stop until midnight or so . 
just saw a 1990's ad for Sprite featuring a kid who couldn't have been older than about 16 rapping about it and is now scarred for life . 
, after almost two solid hours of wrestling with Power Game Factory , has figured out how to make an enemy capable of controlling its own vertical flight speed . The first thing that the test character did was fly straight up and off screen and hide up there where I couldn't test it any further . 
has decided that if he never even so much as HEARS of Power Game Factory again after tonight , it will still be far too soon . 
JER OF LRR IS ABOUT TO SING POKÉMON . GO WATCH NOW . 
' s personal Hell has a name . And that name is Power Game Factory . 
is only in class right now for the final exam review , which the professor JUST WILL NOT GIVE . He's doing everything possible to put it off and keep me here ( and a hundred or so other people too , but they don't count ) . 
Last class of the semester , nothing of any use or interest whatsoever is happening , and I can't leave ! >_< 
has just discovered that he is way too braindead today to code well . This is unfortunate . Has also just realized that he only really uses FB to complain . 
just used \yay done\ " as a comment on his code and is now worried for his sanity . " 
is going to have , far and above , the best New Year's Eve/day in his life , assuming nothing goes horribly horribly wrong . 
just realized , after being in this class for over an hour , why his professor is already boring : he's an unfunny < PROPMALE > . 
Ohhhhh this does not bode well . I haven't known the guy for thirty whole seconds , and I already can't understand a word my calculus professor is saying . 
had a < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > lapse in moral judgement and is feeling very bad about it . 
is exhausted , in both senses : tired and depleted . I just have nothing more to give right now . 
has been going through his news feed and leaving smart-aleck comments on everyone's statuses . This is what the world gets for letting me get bored . 
has done more good today than he expected to . 
is going to take a shower ... and then break out the N64 . Just because . 
somehow made a real mess of himself , and only just realized it . 
got a 92% on his sociology exam ! W00T ! 
has pretty much had blood/plasma donation ruined for him for life . Also cannot really move his left arm from the pain . >_< 
messed up big time . ... Again . 
Discrete Math professor just informed us that there is a property of infinity that he thinks is counter-intuitive , but that that property is derived by intuition alone . Whoopie . 
\It's only funny when your arm hair is illuminated . \ " ... It's been an interesting day . " 
is not having the best day ever . 
You know , I remember when reviews actually had something to do with the material that needed reviewing . 
has pebbles flying up his nose and making him cough , but that's okay because he's GORGEOUS . Also , semi-related , this . http://loadingreadyrun.com/videos/view/212/Gorgeous 
would like very much if someone would commission a collar from him soon . 
Again , I repeat : commission a collar ! They're awesome ! http://www.facebook.com/notes/jacob-van-de-graaff/custom-collar-pricing-list/397108078712 Pictures of materials and finished collars are to be forthcoming within the week , so if you're waiting on that before buying one , you shouldn't have to wait much longer . 
Updated the collar pricing list again , now with pictures of all the current fabric types ! http://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=397108078712 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday today ... kinda wishing he was around to see it . Er ... in the physical sense , anyway . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness . It is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you or someone you know have had depression . Most people won't , but its mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support ~ 
WHAT THE FISH IT'S SNOWING . AGAIN . AT THE END OF APRIL . ONE MORE DAY OF THIS AND I WILL OFFICIALLY GO MAD . 
Snowing again . The unhappiness from this is mostly balanced by the absolutely awesome development that is my newly-reconstructed train table . Pictures coming soon . 
First photos of the railroad are online , yay ! 
Just so we're clear on this : I hate needles ! HAAAATE . 
just got more or less the best news ever . 
STEAM USERNAMES . YOU HAVE THEM . I WANT THEM . 
Team Rocket is rocking ! 
The single best piece of advice I think I can give anyone is this : Never , ever forget that one hundred percent of EVERYTHING depends in some way on context . 
The sky here was MAD PINK for about ten minutes earlier ... it was amazing . 
has spent the entire week thus far in the presence of the two people he loves most in the world . It's been emotionally strenuous , but far , far beyond amazing . 
is just _barely_ coping right now ... 
Twenty-seven more hours , then I leave for Chicago . Getting back on the 5th . Probably will update some during the trip , but not much . 
hates moral dilemmas , especially when they hit so close to home ... Ugh , I don't even know if I'm doing the right things anyway . 
Last night ... prohibitively traumatic . It's going to be a long day . 
has just realized that he generally really doesn't like making promises . Or promises in general . But mostly making them . 
Regarding my new semi-imaginary gay lover < PROPFEMALE > who also happens to be a demigod : the human mind is a very weird thing . 
Drama on the one hand and abuse on the other . Isn't life fun ? 
Inspector Gadget binge continues . Day 2 ended , Day 3 very likely to begin tomorrow morning . 
As predicted , more Inspector Gadget today . I should really have breakfast at some point . 
And now , somehow , I feel even more scummy . Way to go , < PROPMALE > . 
I need support , badly . I don't know what I need , but I do know it won't be found here . 
