What happened to those days of eating convenient store fudge rounds and a pints of chocolate milk for lunch and not gaining a pound ? 

My lunch is doing summersaults in my stomach ! 
For once my husband is not as stressed as I am . I think I understand his frustration now . 
Guess I'm gonnna be in the Burg Friday . 
Holy Crap ! The allergies are kicking my butt . 
Happy Hump Day ! 
Is it the weekend yet !? 
Wouldn't it be great if there were at least 2 extra hours in a day ! That would sure make up for the time wasted in the car everyday . 
I can't wait to get out and enjoy this beautiful weather ! 
I'm going to see CAKE ! 
The Joys and Pains of Parenthood ! I might not get to see CAKE afterall . 
Cake was awesome ! 
Wow do weekends go FAST ! 
JOURNEY has a Philipino front man !? 
Off to see Journey ! 
Gosh I love < PROPFEMALE > oil ! 
Enjoying some quiet , alone time ! Ahhhh . 
Is the weekend over already ? 
Crap , I just got snotty with an important person ! Oopsie ! 
It's friday and life is good ! 
These allergies are kickin ' our butts ! 
What's new in the zoo ? 
I'm very sad I missed the < PROPFIRST > McCartney concert ! Tickets sold out so fast ... :( 
When life gives you lemons , make lemonade . 
This just in ... ' We are all mutants ' , scientists find . We all have at least 100 new mutations in our DNA , according to research published in the journal Current Biology . – BBC News 
Watching the rain fall makes me hungry for some chili . 
Going to read The scandalous Gospel of Jesus : what's so good about the good news ? by < PROPFIRST > J . Gomes . I'm very excited by the reviews . It sounds like there might be a few challenges for my faith here . :) 
I've got to say it's very unnerving to see one's child bleeding , even if it is only a nose bleed . She was calmer than I was about it . 
Is this week going to end !? Hope next week is better than this one . 
I made it ! Now for some fun and relaxation ! 
Can't wait to see my handsome tomorrow ! It's been a long week . 
Is anyone else having trouble resisting the urge to eat junk ? I'm blaming either the weather or the impending holidays . The chocolates , cheese , and fried foods keep calling ! 
Everybody having babies and my looking at Joy's baby pictures is giving me the baby fever ! 
Why is it that spreadsheets make me so happy ? 
I'm suffering post-holiday chocolate withdrawls !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bon Jovi you are incredible ! 
Must Sleep ... 
So much to do and my < PROPFEMALE > to be lazy is so strong . Willpower !? 
Thank goodness for good neighbors ! 
Is there a name for a person who always leaves you with < PROPMALE > hangers when relaying messages via text , email , facebook , etc ? 
My daughter is jamming out to The Beatles ! 
It's so good to have my handsome home ! I missed him too much . 
Andre : Ahh There's nothing like having a beer after working out . \ 
Brandy : So you can replenish the calories you just burned ? \ 
Andre : There are no calories in this ( beer ) 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
Please turn the pollen count down . \ 
Love < PROPFEMALE > 
Wow , my kid will eat anything . She was just eating sardines with her daddy ! 
Gotta get offa here , the suction seat has struck again ! 
Joy has her first loose tooth !! 
Joy will get a visit from the Tooth < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! :) 
