just had his first video chat on Skype . it was awkward . 

is done with his one and only final ! now the wait to see how i did begins ! 
needs something to do for the next 2 hours 
why be nobody online at 3:41 in the morning ? 
needs something to do . 
Avatar is AMAZING !!!!!!! best movie EVER ! 
wishes that people would stop hacking facebook accounts . 
is awake , before noon . 
is up early , again . yay 8:40 ! 
YAY ! Blizzard !! 
i gots a laptop ! 
Avatar , still amazing after the second time . 
is going out side to dig the car out so that he can make it to his interview . yay ! 
yay ! more cold white fluffy stuff ! 
MMXI grande sulum ! 
is gettin ready to watch some Chiefs ! 
why is there so much snow !?!? 
is excited for these \record low\ " temps tomorrow . " 
is ready for school to start 
2am . time for bed . 
needs something fun to do . 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is a really good movie . 
i need something to do ! 
just moved a 500-750 pound round bail . by myself . the cows are happy , my mom is happy that the cows shut up , my arms are not feeling well , and there is nothing on TV except for the “Hope for Haiti Now” telethon . 
just did his CS 101 program in like 10 minutes . 
just ate some short ribs for lunch . they were good . 
silly chickens and their pecking orders . 
It's Doppelgänger week : Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) that you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . 
needs ideas for something to do for my birthday , which is tomorrow . 
Tacos !!! 
Off to comm studies . yay ! 
i need something to do until ddr . 
SNOW !!!! 
just ordered his new processor for his computer ! 
:D 
only other class today was cancelled . what should i do until DDR club ? 
thinks that you should be able to use the face book chat smileys in status ubdates and comments . 
is finally going to see AVATAR in the IMAX tonight . I can't wait ! 
anybody on campus want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
AVATAR was better even after the 3rd time . I noticed things that I didn't see in the first 2 times . It was awesome in the IMAX . 
just gave blood for the first time . i was done in 5 < PROPFEMALE > . 
is angry that Assassin's Creed is now not wanting to work . yay for video card driver updates ! NOT !!!!!! 
is excited . My dad found my knife I thought was lost under his chair . 
just finished his CS 101 program !!! YAY !!!!! :D 
needs money . 
thinks that the Flogging < PROPFEMALE > concert was amazing ! 
is wanting to move to Australia . 
just set up a wireless router for the first time at zacs house ! 
is taking a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > and watching the Animaniacs . 
is going to get his four impacted wisdom teeth riped out of his mouth . YAY ! -_- 
just lead a calf back onto our property . 
wishes his mouth would stop hurting . 
is having such an amazing spring break at home . -_- 
just watched Spy Hard . It was pretty funny . 
needs someone to give him company . I is bored . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars IV in 3D ! :D 
¯\\(°_o)/¯ 
feels ill 
is wanting to build a vacuum tube stereo amplifier , because it sounds like it would be fun . 
just finished his C++ Program7 ! 
is sooo sleepy . 
?????? • ???????????? ¶§ ?????????? 
was just given a free Red Bull . Quality of day : +1 . 
wishes he had the monies required to buy Avatar . :'( 
On the edge of paradise • Tears of woe fall , cold as ice • Hear my cry • Renounce , have you , thy name • Eternal is my pain 
found out that i'm passing pre-calc , was in such a good mood I walked to QT on Main St. to get some spicy chicken toquitos . :D 
just can't find the motivation to write a 6 to 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper . maybe I'll be more motivated tomorrow . 
one last final and I'm free !!! 
is done with Freshmen year of College . 
has a new born calf 
is missing a calf . don't know if it somehow wondered off , or if it was taking by someone . 
is happy . the calf that was lost was found , we won our last soccer game , then celebrated by eating steak . i is content ^-^ 
is listening to the soundtrack of one of his new favorit animes , Spice & Wolf . 
is going to have steak for a midnight snack :D 
: Þ 
just spent the first hour and a half of his day cleaning the gutters after being nagged awake by my sister . >:O 
just calculated that all of my media I have on my computer adds up to about 613GB . 
is bored ..... 
is be goin to scout camp . Might be able to do a weekly Facebook check . goodbye civilization ! 
is so far having a good time on staff at scout camp . 
is wondering how call night is going to work out with only 7 runners ... 
has discovered that barrel rolls in cars are not as fun as barrel rolls in < PROPFEMALE > Fox 64 . I would like to say that I am fine . The only injury I have are some minor cuts on my left hand . 
can't wait for this session to be over . 
is liking this rain . :D 
is now a KSB in the Tribe of Mic-o-Say . 
needs his weekly Bleach episode . 
is needing a new cave ladder for his outpost . mine is busted . 
yay GERMANY ! 
is looking forward to StarCraft II . 
thinks it would be awesome if humans had gill-like organs that filtered dihydrogen monoxide out of the air . 
is bored 
just watched the first episode of Speed Racer . I now know why people in the previous generation are so crazy . 
fell asleep while watching AVATAR last night . it was the Blue-Ray with surround sound . I don't understand how this could have happened . 
is awake before noon ? 
is overwhelmed by the amount of hay we have . anyone need some 1000 lb . round bails ? $20 per bail , if you can transport it . 
is anticipating the start of a new school year . I wonder what fun things will happen this year . 
has a issue with remembering to charge his cellphone , and therefor , has a nice cellphone shaped paper weight . 
just dripped pizza sauce on his white pants . . . 
gets to help my mom move a few tons of large gravel . YAY !!!! 
Is just now getting online to say that he got to see the special edition of AVATAR at 11:55 am today , and it was amazing ! 
is bored to the point that he might do his calculus homework ... 
is happy about his new ability to use the TV in his bedroom as a secondary screen for his computer . ^_^ 
is doing calculus ?! 
be programming stuff :D 
is really getting annoyed by this constant ringing G in his left ear . 
donated some red blood cells today . 
just made himself a nice t-bone steak for lunch . and since the steak came in twos , I made another one for dinner ! ^_^ 
just got his Wii back on the interwebs and is now waiting for it to update its softwares ... 
is happy . I finished my program for CS201 . ^_^ 
is watching them set up the new Xbox 360 in the student union . 
just played in the first game of Halo Reach on the new Xbox in the Student Union . 
finally finished watching InuYasha . I'm glad to have finally watched an anime that 1 : actually ended and 2 : had a happy ending . 
had a rather enjoyable night . 
Has no interwebs at his house and it might not be fixed until monday . T.T 
is < insert witty remark here > 
doesn't know what he is going to be for Halloween . any ideas ? 
they changed facebook slightly . this will take a little bit of time to get use to ... :/ 
is listening to ABBA . 
0011101000101001 
just got hooked on another anime . Thankfully it just started , so I can't go on an anime binge . 
has the hiccups and they wont go away . I've had them since yesterday evening . 
now has a 10inch sub in his room powered by an old power supply . it sounds nice . 
unfortunately now has another anime to watch . this is not going to be good ... 
is wanting to go to his grandfathers , mothers , fathers , brothers company , < PROPMALE > Borel & Co . 
applied again at AMC Town Center 20 . 
enjoyed seeing Paranormal Activities 2 it was funny , mainly due to the reactions of the black women freaking out . 
? (???) ? 
dislikes the fact that the fan on his sub woofer power supply is not working . 
YAY CALCULUS AT 1:00 AM !!!! 1 !!! 1 !! 1 
is watching The Magic School Bus . Oh the memories . 
has performed a successful phone brain transplant :D 
dislikes it when I have an ID : 10T error . 
AND THE CHIEFS WIN IT ! 
is trying to find some descent Lady Gaga step files for DDR Club . :D 
feels like watching V on Friday . Anyone else want to join me ? 
Remember remember the fifth of November\ 
Gunpowder , treason and plot . \ 
I see no reason why gunpowder , treason\ 
Should ever be forgot ... 
now truly has 5.1 surround sound . 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November\ 
The Gunpowder Treason and Plot\ 
I know of no reason\ 
Why the Gunpowder Treason\ 
Should ever be forgot . 
thinks finally figured out how to do port forwarding to enable media streaming over the internet . Will find out for sure tomorrow . 
apparently can't play Mirror's Edge for extended periods of time without over heating my CPU ? 
has earned a new achievement : Red Ring of Death Slayer . 
is looking forward to the approximately 8 hours of < PROPMALE > potter tonight starting at 6 at the independence amc theatre . 
< PROPMALE > Potter was fun . Especially seeing 5 and 6 in the theater right before 7p1 . I was at the theater for 8.5 hours . 
has had a pretty good past 36 hours and hopes that this happiness will continue at least through Monday . :D 
really needs to figure out how to not sleep in till 11:00 
is listening to some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
had probably one of the best nights I've had in awhile . :D 
had yet another great night . though , I slept through the end of Shutter Island . man is that movie confusing . 
enjoyed his day very much . 
should probably try to get some sleep so that he can work on some homework later . 
is very good at finding things to do other than his homework . 
had a fun night . been up for 24 hours , no sleep . lets go to 36 ! 
Is going to try to do some more Calculus with no sleep . I'll do fine , right ? 
had a fun time at the MU/KU game . \ 
MIZ-ZOU 
has had an awesome Thanksgiving break . Now to survive the next 3 weeks before winter break . 
enjoys eating ramen noodles with chop-sticks . 
can now use a wireless Xbox 360 controller on his computer . 
my mom is getting the Christmas stuff out ... yippy ... 
be setting up a Christmas tree . 
YAY school ! :( 
is using the new touch screen in the robotics lab . 
is pondering stuff . 
had an awesome evening playing Donkey Kong Country Returns with an awesome person . :D 
is going to try to see if repairing my computers registry will solve my computer issues . 
had a great night watching movies with his friends Zac < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Mccall . 
is tired , but I can't go to sleep . I need to stay awake for my grandma's birthday party . 
Mmm . \ 
ramen . 
is now using the new profile . It will take some time to get use to . 
is kinda tired today . and feeling a little down ... 
is mobile . 
does not want to be up right now . who ever decided that finals on saterday was a good idea needs to be hurt . 
is done for the semester . 
Is watching season 2 of DBZ . 
Just saw Inception for the first time , and understood it . 
is bored and in need of something to do . 
is feeling a bout of deep contemplation followed by a slight depresive state coming up . 
fells like doing some cold forge metal working , but it's too cold in his garage . 
had a good time with a couple of friends I haven't < PROPMALE > out with in a while . hope this week continiues to be just a good , if not better . 
Can't wait to go see Tron in Imax 3D . 
Tron is awesome ! 
Is playing stepmania with an xbox 360 using both analog sticks for the arrows . 
be watchin ' Criminal Minds . 
Tron Legacy was just as good the second time . 
is at < PROPFIRST > Hall for his brothers graduation from MU . 
There is a bat flying through < PROPFIRST > hall during graduation . 
be listening to the Tron Legacy sound track . it be epic . 
finally might have figured out what is wrong with his computer . 
had an awesome dream where he was learning how to be an assassin . of course , I was learning by doing , so I was assassinating people , they had no faces , so I wasn't dreaming of killing actual people . but it was still a cool dream . 
is listening to the Trans-Siberian Orchestra . Finally starting to get in the Christmas spirit . 
be playing CoD : Black Ops with his bro . 
sleepy time ! 
is pretty sure that the left arrow on his keyboard no longer works . :( 
is going to try to finally leave this hardened shell he has built that is holding him back and have some adventures . Starting today , I am going to be more open and take risks . I'm tired of being a follower . Time to blaze my own trail . \ 
Let's do this . 
is at Barns & < PROPMALE > in Independance with Zac , < PROPFIRST > and Elysia . 
Is looking forward to have some Shakespear's Pizza . 
decided to cancel DDR Night 1 due to the weather and umkc canceling classes for the rest of the day . :'( 
what is the deal with everybody removing friends from facebook ? 
is having issues with his sub woofers power supply . probably need to get something more than a 250W power supply for a 250W amp . 
yay physics ! 
Magic School Bus ! 
finished the book he was reading and is now needing to go to book store to buy the next book in the trilogy . 
goes sleepy time now . Gute Nacht allerseits ! 
played rift for about 3 hours , and now they are doing a 30min server update ... it better be only 30min ... >:( 
RIFT !!! 
is excited about today . :D 
feels like he has lost a day . Oh well , I currently feel like it was worth it . ^__^ 
doesn't like personality tests . they are very hard to answer . 
I've taken 2 different personality tests and have come up with 2 different personality types that both describe me almost perfectly , I think . 
NO SOUP FOR YOU ! 
had a fun time these past few days . :D 
Its 18 below zero , and my car is overheating . There is something wrong with this picture . 
there's an empty place in my bones That calls out for something unknown 
is happy . ^_^ 
is going to take a quick trip over to micro center to get a 500gb hard drive . ^_^ 
now has a shiny new removable/external hard drive . ^_^ 
has over 100gb of music on his computer . so why is it that all the music that is coming up on random so depressing ?!? 
What the world needs now\ 
Is love , sweet love\ 
It's the only thing\ 
That there's just too little of 
Look for the bare necessities\ 
The simple bare necessities\ 
Forget about your worries and your strife\ 
I mean the bare necessities\ 
Old Mother Nature's recipes\ 
That brings the bare necessities of life 
be trying to fix an Xbox 360 . Wish me luck ! 
has succeeded in fixing his \new\ " XBox . Now to case mod it so it doesn't overheat ever again . :D " 
has succeeded in doing as much as he can do to his xbox without buying stuff and it still works . Added a 60mm fan on top of the gpu heat sink extension . hope it works to help keep it cool . 
MMMmmm Curry Rice Noodles . ^_^ 
is looking forward to Monday . 
finally moved his computer back into my room . The bass sounds so nice . 
is bored . and nothing sounds fun ... any ideas on what I should do ? 
is off to school . 
just realized how much his monitor sucks . after an hour of using the family computer , I have now sat down in front of my computer and within 15 seconds of staring at my screen , my eyes hurt . I need a new monitor . 
wishes he wasn't having to study for tests so that he could be playing the Rift Beta . :( 
is excited about seeing Bassnectar live at the Midland Theatre ! 
dislikes Physics . 
these people on Survivor are stupid . 
WHOMP ! 
just decided to slightly re-arrange his room . 
has successfully changed how his computer is positioned in his room . there is now so much more space for activities ! now to clean , at a later date . 
has discovered the wonders of internet radio .... how did i survive before ? 
has a job interview tomorrow ! 
I think my interview went ok ... 
fell asleep while listening to Shpongle . I don't remember any off my dreams , but it might be better that I don't . They were probably mind blowing ... 
Naka Kon ! 
I has a job !!!!!!! 11 !!!! 111 ! 
is kinda annoyed now . 
should probably get to sleep , but I don't feel like cleaning off my bed ... looks like I'm stuck on Facebook . 
will now try to see if sleep will come to me soon ... 
yay being late/ missing class ! slept through my alarm and was needing a shower . 
is so excited for Bassnectar this weekend !!!!! 
Is now officially an employee of AMC . 
needs more people at DDR Night . 
anyone in KC who want to play DDR should come to the UMKC Student Union . The DDR Club is here from 7-10 . Feel free to stop by and play/ < PROPFEMALE > out . 
apparently , the skunk my dad captured and killed was a mommy , and now its babies are making the house smell . they are most likely dead , under the house . yay incense ! 
I has job training on \ 
Friday from 6- 8:30 \ 
Saturday from 3-6\ 
Sunday from 11-4\ 
and then either Tuesday or Wednesday\ 
I can still go to Bassnectar !!! 
just finished getting caught up on VG Cats . now I have 4 web comics to keep up with . 
on way to KU ! 
snow . yey . :( 
Yay for donating blood . YAY ! 
Is excited about this weekend . I start training for my new job at AMC tomorrow , get to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends(hopefully ) , continue training on Saturday , and then go see Bassnectar at the Midland Saturday night . I am filled with anticipation ! 
actually has stuffs on deviantART ? hmm\ 
technetium09.deviantart.com/ 
needs to get these animals off him and clean his room 
yay mini rave in my room ^_^ 
is amazed and confused at how thing can seem to fall apart so quickly ... 
Bassnectar is amazing !!!!!!! 
Bassnectar was amazing . I go sleep now . 
its always so much fun when my brother < PROPMALE > comes home . 
thunder storm !!!! 
HAIL ! 
can't wait to start working so that he has spending money ... 
eh . 
is finally caught up on Bleach . 
is now addicted to yet another anime ... 
is satisfied with the anime he just watched . It ended well . 
Mmm curry rice noodles and shrimp . 
figured out what is wrong with his brothers 1250W sub he left in my room . if only I had a 1250W amp and power supply to power it . Then my room would have plenty of whomp . 
yay work ! 
had a pretty good experience working concessions for the first time , granted , it was one of AMCs slowest days and there were 7 other people working at the same time . however , near the end of the night , I was the only one left with a drawer and had to help every one who came in during the last hour or so . 
is disappointed by the lack of pizza at the ECE meeting . 
is lost in thought and deep in contemplation ... 
has drawn probably the best thing he has ever drawn . Now I need it colored , I want to use photoshop , but don't know how to use it properly :'( \ 
or I guess I could make a copy and color that in . ( I don't want to risk ruining the original ) 
is getting ready to head off to work . YAY ! 
had an ok first \real\ " shift at AMC today . It was just rather long . 4 - close . Woot ! " 
doesn't have to work today ! YAY ! 
sleep ! 
Thinks that you(yes , you . The person reading this status ) should go see Mars Needs Moms . It is a good movie , and the 3D is done well . I suggest you see it in IMAX 3D at an AMC Theatre , like at Town Center 20 , where I work ! ^_^ 
Yay working concession from 9-4 ! 
Is picking up some extra hours and is now going to be working til 7 ! ^_^ 
is finally home . 
has started using Google Chrome . 
curse you House ! Why are you so entertaining ? 
HAPPY PI DAY !!!! \ 
3.1415926535897 ... that's as far as I know . 
1 M nOW U51N ' FacE8oOk 1N LEE7 And 17 12 KONpHu51n ' . 
yay Flogging < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is off to work . Text or Facebook message/chat me if you wanna talk ! 
< PROPFIRST > was really funny 
just got locked out of Workbrain , AGAIN ! While using the right password ! 
I am seriously disliking this snow during my spring break . 
my phone crapped out on me today , so if you tried to text me and i haven't responded , i'm not ignoring you , I just can't read you're text . 
there is carpet in the living room again !!! 
I has a new phone ! ^______^ 
Of course the first place we stop to eat in Louisiana is Popeyes . 
Baton Rouge ! 
I'm predicting that much wont be accomplished by a large number of people age 16-26 for a few days starting on Tuesday . I can't wait to play Portal 2 !!!!! 
is waiting for Steam to unlock the files for Portal 2 . :D 
defiantly now needs a new monitor . mine now has a nice purple < PROPFEMALE > to it that I can't get rid of . :/ 
now knows what the world would look like with out the color green . It's very blue and purple-y 
doesn't want to be up this early in the morning . 
is really enjoying the Rio sound track . 
time to finish Portal 2 . 
beat Portal 2 . 
yay sleeping in till 1pm . YAY ! 
is enjoying Half life 2 . glad I didn't try to play it when I was younger ... I would have never finished it then . 
is excited by the rumors of the new Nintendo console . 
Priest was hilariously bad . It had the potential to be good with some awesome fight scenes , but no , it didn't even have those . 
just watched Black Swan , and it was awesome . 
starting to pack for camp . 
i've done probably the best and worst thing for my addiction to Anime . I registered an account at animeftw.tv and got the plug-in for XBMC . So much anime . D: 
packin for camp . fo real this time . 
is home 
is a happy lemur :3 
meh . 
\Some people just want to watch the world burn\ " \ 
it's 5th session , it's getting hot . \ 
It's XBox fixin ' time 
its so hot ! 
dislikes the new facebook chat thingy . 
hates how the new chat sidebar shows you all of your friends , not just the ones online . it also got rid of the groups I had put together making it easier to see who was online that I might actually want to talk to . \ 
Facebook , why do you fail ? 
is not happy 
finally saw HP7p2 . \ 
< PROPMALE > didn't fix his wand . 
is goin to the pool ! 
blarg 
NI 
what an interesting turn of events . 
just finished watching Avatar : The Last Airbender . I enjoyed it . Now to go for a walk . 
so , walking barefoot was a not so good idea . I now have quarter sized blisters on the bottom of my feet . :/ 
Lambert's! 
had a fun night 
come on rain ! 
is unhappy with these turn of events . 
is bored , and not tired 
< PROPFEMALE > Smiths house is gay and boring . 
I'm a sad panda 
Work nonstop for 6 hours : CHECK . Now to go home and take a shower . 
sleepy time 
We be unto thee who enters the Rockhill parking garage in search of a parking spot . 
Woe be unto thee who enters the Rockhill parking garage in search of a parking spot . 
lost a battle with Gravity today at work . It hurts . 
http://www.legitreviews.com/article/1684/1/ 
This week i've had virtually no problems finding a parking spot . 
just realized that my cellphone has a higher resolution camera than my laptop . 
CALC ! 
@chubby's 
just finished watching Ponyo . It was good . 
yay calc homework at midnight ! 
overall had a good day . Remembered the shortcut to derivatives before being re-taught it , had a good time in foundation drawing , had a fun time hanging out with a friend on the Plaza and eating at The Cheesecake Factory for the first time , and finished the day off with some DDR . \ 
such a good day :3 
Passed my first calc test with a 97 ! 
Waiting to give blood , and part rock anthem comes on . Best blood donation ever . 
Onward , to Saint < PROPFIRST > ! 
DayGlow was AMAZING ! Wish it didn't end so quickly . 
yay calc ! 
Dual Screen Activated . \ 
I guess I'm a facebook beta tester because I've had all of these changes people are complaining about for about a week or so . all that changed for me today was the fact that my pokes are shown on the main < PROPFEMALE > again . 
changed my spark plug cables . \ 
who ever designed the chevy impala needs to be forced to do maintenance on one . it's close enough to torture . 
time for work ! 
anyone want to help me change the spark plugs in a 0 0-0 1 Chevy Impala ? 
I forgot my phone at home . So if you try to contact me and I don't answer , it isn't because I don't want to talk to you . 
feels depressed 
Eh . (-_-) 
just registered for Naka-Kon 
Well . Failed that quiz . Oh well . 
i'm watching He-Man , and I'm curious what people were on back when this was made . 
studying for calc quiz . 
< PROPMALE > Ferguson is a funny man . 
i'm winning at calc right now . 
what's the best way to start off the day ? \ 
\ 
Party Rocking . 
is typing using a Microsoft Kinect and the on screen keyboard 
is having fun with the Kinect in the UMKC Robotics Lab . 
sleepy time now . then tomorrow , digitigrade stilt building time ! 
* sigh * guess I should probably work on some calc . 
should have a pair of functional digitigrade stilts by tomorrow afternoon 
got a 92 on the Calc test I took yesterday that I wasn't prepared for . 
is watching Big Bang Theory and re-enforcing the ankles on my digitigrade stilts . 
thinks that KCPT needs to stop having such interesting shows on when I really should be sleeping . 
really dislikes the fact that I have to work from 4:45 to midnight . 
Just got off work . Woot ! 
sleepy time now 
One 1lbs ribeye down . 
< PROPMALE > ferguson has < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > doing the voice of his robot < PROPMALE > . IT IS HILARIOUS ! 
11:11 on 11/11/11\ 
MAKE A WISH ! 
Oo de lally ! \ 
I just pre-ordered the Skyward Sword Bundle pack ! \ 
I am excited . \ 
11/20/11 
was on FJ too long last night . I've seen everything on the front < PROPFEMALE > already . 
* shows up late for calc test , finishes in 15-20 minutes with ease * 
got out of class early 
< PROPFEMALE > . The test that i was 20min late for and finished with 10-15 minutes left , out of a 50min class . \ 
yeah , i Aced it . 
i'm not looking forward to working tonight . I have to be ticket drop tonight for the twilight movie premier . T.T 
Ah . The calm before the storm . 
I can't wait to go home ! 
is at Starbucks next to GameStop . 
