got on for like the first time in a milloin years 

i wish i was somewhere else with this one person ... they kno who they are 
i wish i didnt have to go to work ... i dont like pie that much 
one more night ! 
hates being sick+_+ 
im happy and < PROPMALE > is a meanie face ! a big one hehe 
Cant wait for snowboarding 
2 days till Big Bear ! 
thinks she might need some new pictures on here 
I set my profile to pirte 
Might finally get pics up ! 
I cant wit for spring break ! 
Wow we are almost done with school ! i cant wait . 
is quite tired of school 
i just dont know anymore . 
Thinks that college is confusing and wants a very long nap . 
so my life is pretty much screwed . someone should just shoot me now . 
A little sun and a good day of going crazy with life problems makes you feel so much better when you reilze that you not as screwed as you think you are . 
SO excited for a lonf weekend and some sun at the beach ! 
I am super tired 
Im the coolest kid in second grade 
I made homecomeing Corut now everyone has to go to homecomeing . And for row to ! 
I wanta go snowboarding all ready ! 
I Think im getting sick =( 
Im sooooo done with school . 
I am excited for homecomeing and the minimum day tomoro ! 
Its the weekend almost ! 
I love the rain ! i wonder what it will do for friday tho . 
So this week has been a short week with really super long days . At least tomorro wount reallly count as a school day . 
yesterday was so much fun ! 
Where is the sun wether people ! 
You can never trust a Wether person ! 
I am ready for a break from school ! 
I cant wait for break ! 
One last day ! with a gov test =( 
Free for a week ! 
Ugh school 2moro . 
What to do this weekend ? 
Its funny how long days seem and how quick the year goes by . 
Finished with my final finaly ! 
I cant wait to be free from school ! 
Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad . ~ Norm Papernick 
ugh school tomorrow . studying for finals ... finals blow . 
Woooo almost done with finals ! and school ! well first semester . 
4 hours to freedom ! 36 hours to him ! 
So happy to see Guy ! Hopefully again soon ! 
Snow in Big Bear finally ! i am excited 
Lazy day ! Oh boy ! 
Sometimes i confuse even myself . Its surprisingly and sadly not that difficult . 
Ugh why is graduation so far away ? 
Being sick sucks ! 
Feeling better ! I just hope i feel good enough for a hole day of school =( 
My iPod is destroyed =( ! i could not be any angryer ! 
Anyone want to buy a < PROPMALE > secret snow board ? 
I had a very good day shoping ! 
Naps are wonderful things ! 
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out ! 
I don't like the cold much . 
Senior class auction today ! People should come support us 
Sick strikes again ! ugh 
Ugh worst day ever 
Lots of fun today 
