I went riding today with a good friend , and I'm feeling better . There were more dirtbikes , ATVs , and trucks out there than I've ever seen before . The girls were calm and confident , except for when the creepy weirdo popped up at the wall . 

Getting ready to go for a ride . :) 
Worried for my sister . Cancer is an ugly thing . 
I'm carb deprived ! Wahhhh ! 
Nothing is going right . 
Worried about Kiska . 
I had a nice little ride tonight . Lady did everything I asked , even cantered on command , instead of acting like a stubborn mule . 
Hoping to hear good news about Dad . 
I'm headed outside to finish up what I started yesterday . 
I am hungry . I want something tasty . A little good company would be nice , too . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > winds are blowing hard tonight . I'm quite ready for them to stop now . 
I believe I have recovered from Friday night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sunday in Suburbia . 
Today I learned that a very special person has left us , and transitioned home . I am forever grateful that our paths crossed . It has made me a better person . Au revoir Monsieur Santee ! 
I'm trying to figure out how to remove my dishwasher . 
Success ! I have uninstalled the old dishwasher and after everything dries up , ( The reason for having to remove it in the first place ) , I can install the new one . 
I'm cold !! Brrrrrrr 
Paranormal Activity was a scary movie . 
The fun time I was having learning a few plumbing things is over . It's up to professionals to take it from here . :( 
Spontaneous Makeup I'm at my best when I'm 15 minutes late , she said . Even my makeup looks more spontaneous . -- Story People 
My kitchen is missing an L shaped piece of countertop and sink . It's closed off with thick plastic , and the air scrubbers and dryers are running . Dad's supposed to coming to visit over Thanksgiving . 
Who wants to go pick up dinner for me ? 
I'm not sure how it works , but I'm wondering if Reiki from others can help clear my negativity . 
:D 
Owwwiiiieee ! My hands hurt . 
Patches just walked over and put his head down on the sofa cushion in front of me . I looked up and saw that he had a 4 inch piece of tape stuck to his face , covering his eyes . He's too curious for his own good sometimes . :) 
Last night's class was great ! 
Oy ! 
I just started the process to become a bone marrow donor , at Marrow . Org . 
Off to the auto parts store again . Bleed screw cracked and needs to be replaced . First I have to get the other piece out . I am not a mechanic , and I never wanted to be one , but somehow , I get stuck doing these things . 
I need a knife , a torch , and a little encouragement . Anyone ? 
I know y'all back home are snowed in and whatnot , but I'm gonna complain about being cold . Pay no attention to my whining . 
I just got some the best news of my life . My Dad's cancer is gone ! 
I am being tested again . I need a little time in between things to reflect on what I have learned ... this is a little too much . 
Just home from < PROPFIRST>'s bithday party . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > snuggling in the chair with snuggies was so cute ! 
I found my keys !!! Woot ! 
Anyone know of restaurants that will be open tomorrow ? 
I need a dog sitter ! 
Went for a much needed ride today with friends . I'm packing now for a early morning flight . 
I cleaned off my desktop !! 
Black 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and in honor of the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer .. ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and warm . :D 
7 1/2 :( 
Be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . --- Plato 
The wheels are turning . Just wait til the light bulb pops on . 
Here's the game : grab the book closest to you and open it to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Then find the 5th sentence and post that as your status . Last , copy these instructions and put them under it as a comment . Remember , grab the closest book , NO cheating ! :) can anyone figure out what book it's from ? 
But , conversely , the outside world has no color , shape , weight , heat , or motion without \inside\ " brains . " 
Rainy days and Mondays ... 
Bran loaves are in the oven . Loaves , because somehow , my muffin pan is missing . 
First batch is a little too dry , and not very sweet . I'll try a little more applesauce . 
I gave in and went to Urgent Care yesterday . Antibiotics and assorted other drugs are helping . Tomorrow I predict that I will be back in the saddle again , figuratively . Hopefully , literally as well . :) 
Up way past my bedtime . I'm going to turn into a pumpkin . 
It's nice that we care about Haiti , but I have a friend in NM that is battling bone cancer and has had no electricity for a week . It's 27 degrees there . She had to choose between her health insurance and her power . If you can help her , please mail me for her Paypal address . Let's get her power back on today . :) 
I am going to a cemetery tonight with a group to do a little ghost hunting . It sounded like fun , so I signed up . Does anyone want to go with me ? 
Can ghosties and spirits smell onion breath ? 
Tra la la 
Under the dog . 
I'm still trying too wake up . I've been up since 7 A.M. 
I should do the dishes ... or go to bed ... or make the clasp for that darn bracelet ... but I'm sitting near the fire , watching < PROPFIRST > Colbert , and wishing I had chocolate . 
I should update this once in a while . 
I need to get a watch dog to protect myself and my doggies . M came in at 4:30 for a few minutes , walked into the bedroom , right up to the bed , and the only thing that happened was a half hearted mini growl from Kiska . 
Enlightenment is painful . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Praagh today on Facebook : Today , I'm going to challenge you to make a list of ten things you do that make life harder for yourself . Make some sort of an effort to slowly take those items off the list . Take your time . You don't have to do everything in a day . Replace eliminated items with things that make life easier for you . 
there is a 16 year old Napa girl named < PROPFIRST > Harper missing since Feb . 13th , Blonde hair , blue eyes . Reward offered for safe return , contact < PROPFIRST > ( 707)815-3292 or < PROPFIRST > ( 707)815-3291 or Napa PD case #1 -- 932 Last seen with 21 year old < PROPFIRST > Frye . PLEASE REPOST Napans , this is the best way to get word out !! Thanks !!? 
I could swear that I saw commercials that Stomp would be appearing at the Pantages Theatre in the very near future . I'm looking for tickets now , and I can find nothing . No tickets , no dates , no mention at all . Am I going nuts ? 
I'm gonna share with you a vision that I had , cause I love you . And you feel it . You know all that money we spend on nuclear weapons and defense each year , trillions of dollars , correct ? Instead -- just play with this -- if we spent that money feeding and clothing the poor of the world -- and it would pay for it many times over , not one human being excluded 
< PROPFIRST > Geffen ? Really ? 
What's for dinner for a lazy party of 1 , with discriminating taste buds ? 
Snuggled with Patches , and I can't move . He is too cute ! 
Subject : First look at clip of American ! Dear Gang , the first clip of American The < PROPMALE > Hicks Story has been posted by SXSW in anticipation of the North American premiere next Friday . See it here at : http://www.facebook.com/l/ef889;www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKN39bVFLNY Official trailer coming very soon - we'll let you know ! Please post this to your blogs/forums and get the word out . cheers < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
Working on the counters . They are looking fab , of course ! :) 
I love working with my hands , even if my hands don't like it a bit . 
Going to the Granada Theater tonight ! 
What in the world is a side by side configuration , and why is it incorrect ? 
My sister went for her scans yesterday . Please send good energy , prayers , thoughts ... 
Good morning ! Getting ready to go riding . It's going to be a great day ! 
I just watched the President sign the Health Care < PROPMALE > . Today is a good day ! 
Canned music makes me sleepy when I'm on hold . 
ktla 
Had a fantastic ride yesterday , and I'm looking forward to another today ! :) 
tra la la . Feeling antsy . 
Just popped in a Midnight Special DVD with some of the comedians that performed over the years . Good times ! :D 
The wind is awful today . Poor Kiska is hiding out upstairs . 
I want a IR camcorder , and I want someone to sell it to me for a ridiculously low price . 
Saw < PROPFIRST > off yesterday morning , and dropped < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Brit off at the airport early this morning . It's sooo strangely quiet here now . I forgot how much fun < PROPFEMALE > is to < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
Happy Thursday ! 
I scheduled my carpal tunnel surgery for April 23rd . My recovery will be quick , because I also plan on using other healing modalities . Camping the weekend before will be fine , and I'll be super healed up for Whaley House . There will be no more tendon that feels like a guitar string , no numbness and no pain ! ( In my right hand at least . ) 
Why am I awake ? 
It doesn't matter how much you pretend to ignore things , eventually everything comes to the surface , and refuses to stay hidden . 
Messing around with Windows 7 installation , again . It just doesn't want to work for me . 
Finally !! I have Windows 7 installed correctly ! My laptop almost ended up in the pool many times . Lol . 
Ah am tho thleepy ! 
Not sleepy anymore , now I'm hot and tired . But ... the kitchen floor is gone ! What was left of it anyway . It was a lot of work , but they laid the ugly wood over linoleum , so once I got the crowbar under the layer of linoleum , it popped up like a charm . Pretending like I don't hurt . Now to do laundry and other domestic chores . blech ! 
Late night investigation last night , and trail riding with wonderful friends today ... Does it get any better ? 
What's for dinner ? 
Another fantastic ride this morning ! I feel good !!! do do do do doot . :) 
Wow . 
No coffee ! I hate this part of having surgery ! 
Waiting ... waiting ... waiting .... waiting 
I'm home now . I've been fed , watered and drugged . My doggies are acting weird though . They won't snuggle with me , and they don't like the scent of the surgical wrap etc . :( 
k . I officially love this Dr. ! He just called to see how I am doing . :D 
I want the Bare Naked Ladies to write a song about me ... or Train . 
Having this surgery was not a good idea . 
Feeling so very much better now . Both boys are here . 
eating sushi and vegging 
OK Ladies , since natural beauty is a huge topic , stars going naked faced ( no make up ) for pictures I am asking all my girls out there to be brave enough to do the same ! Show the would your natural beauty . No make up or frills ! Post it as your profile pic ! And share this banner with all those women you love and think are beautiful ! 
Rest in peace , < PROPFIRST > Redgrave ! 
Happy Birthday Dad !!! I love you ! 
Tis Saturday .... all day . 
Just watched a movie called Paranormal Entity . It was very much like Paranormal Activity . It was good , bit I would still have to see it to believe it . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Pots and pans washed , puppies fed , treated and medicated . One more cup of coffee , some more doggie snuggles , and hopefully some breakfast/lunch soon . I'm tired already . 
I honestly don't remember having been told that it was worse and that I needed to come back sooner . I really don't . 
I need to find a place that does upholstery foam cushions , without charging an arm and a leg . 
How many drinks does it take ? Nobody knows ! 
Ok , Universe , ( or anyone else who may have a clue ) , how is this supposed to work ? Seriously , I need details , because I'm not getting it !! 
All that we are is the result of what we have \ 
thought . If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought , pain follows him . \ 
If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought , happiness follows him , \ 
like a shadow that never leaves him . \ 
\ 
Buddha 
I am grace and love , tenderness and kindness . I can never really , truly be harmed . My heart might ache for a while , but that pain is the education of my soul , and I welcome it . However deep it may run , it is only temporary . 
Where's that damn magic 8 ball when I need it ? 
Show of hands : Yes or No for Friday ? ( Gut feelings please , and I'll tell you why I want to know after . ) 
Will it be here by Saturday ? Will it to be here before Saturday !! 
Up in 5 hours for surgery . Ugh . Nighty night . 
Where does one shop for stun guns ? 
I am home , but struuuuung out . I hate this feeling ! 
Clear headed for the moment . I appreciate that this medicine helps with pain , but the way it goops up my brain is awful . 
Owie ! 
I want to go riding . :( 
Jet skiing sounds fun . I'll be so much happier when I can use both hands ! 
I quit ! 
Once again I find myself thinking , \I wish I had a < PROPMALE > for this \"." 
Pain meds are really messing me up . Usually zonked out , but I haven't been able to fall asleep yet tonight . Gonna be cranky tomorrow . :( 
RIP Rue McClanahan . :( 
Food then nap . Somehow , I forgot to eat today . 
Now Hiring : Combination housekeeper , gardener , cook , pool maintenance person , and bodyguard . Must also be willing to do small and large repairs around the house . Skills as a masseuse and therapist are desired , but not required . 
My A/C is not working right . Enough already ! 
The first part is done . I'll breathe a sigh of relief in a day or two . 
One garbage bag , 1/2 roll of duct tape , and still I got my dressing wet ! 
What's for dinner ? I'm hungry and nearly out of clean dishes . and No , I'm not kidding . 
So very full of sushi ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Rubarth was fantastic !! I had a great time . :D 
Didn't fall asleep until after 5 , then back up at 7 . Ugh ! 
Have you ever felt like you just woke up from a 20 year sleep ? Some nightmares , some good dreams , but all make believe ? It's disconcerting , but doable . :D 
Nap time ? 
Not excited about tomorrow at all . I'm sure everything will be fine , but I wish I didn't have to have this done at all . 
I'm home . Everything looked about the same as last time , and I'll know more in about a week . 
I waited until I could type with both hands , to thank you for all the birthday greetings . Sorry it took so long ! 
My sister's appointment with the oncologist is tomorrow . Please pray , think good thoughts or whatever is your thing , for her . 
It never rains , but man , it pours ! 
Thsi is a puzzling and arduous journey . 
I finally got out and went riding ! Soothes the soul , it truly does . 
AMBERALERT !!!!!!!! \ 
West Valley City , UT - little girl , 8 years old , picked up by two men \ 
driving a early-90s model white sedan , licenseplate : 9770J or 977AJ . Put\ 
this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do\ 
it . 3 seconds will not kill you . If this were your child , what would \ 
you do ? Please help ! 
My tomato plants have beautiful , little , green globes . I can already taste them ! Imagine , tomatoes that actually taste like ripe tomatoes ! Breakfast , lunch and dinner ! Mmmm Mmmm ! 
I always feel dirty after watching or reading the news . This post was over as thousand characters , but that's too long ... and not enough space to say what I feel . If so many things weren't based on hate or fear , the world would be a much better place . \The News\ " makes me cry . " 
When my hands let me vacuum and scoop poop , I will be much happier ! 
Cranky with so called , customer oriented services . Ready to get rid of the dish service . My brain would probably thank me . 
Had a fantastic ride this morning ... only one motorcycle , and it showed up as we were finishing up our ride . Peace and quiet ! I think the two mares were competing to see who could go slowest . They're gonna be pooped when < PROPFEMALE > gets back . Lol . 
There comes a time in your life when you walk \ 
away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and \ 
surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you \ 
forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be \ 
anything but happy . Repost if you agree , I just ... did 
My sister , < PROPFEMALE > , once told me that people often mistake kindess for weakness , and it's all too true . I also believe that those of us who are kind , have a sort of strength that can only come from being a compassionate human , refusing to give in to fear . Kindness and compassion do not signal weakness , but love in the face of adversity . 
Shake , rattle and roll . 
Aloe < PROPFEMALE > Juice tastes like ... like you'd expect it to . Blech ! 
Should I wait or go ? what to do ... what to do ...? 
There's something happening here . What it is \ 
ain't exactly clear ... 
Lidocaine , malox , darvocet were my friends yesterday ... but today they are not . 
I'm a hippy , and a geek with lots of little things rolled in on the side . 
I love you Mom , and we all miss you ! 
oh , btw , today I don't smoke anymore . :) 
Home from an early evening ride . Lady is a beautiful girl ! She I got the feeling that both Lady and < PROPFIRST > were glad to let < PROPFEMALE > lead the way again . A nice spray from the hose , and some apple treats and she was smiling . Big ups to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for helping me tack up . :) 
Ugh . I feeli like smoking . I don't need to smoke ... not withdrawl , it's just what I usually did . Doesn't mean I have to now , it's just habit . Not smoking means that I can run and play as hard as I want , without gasping for air . I save money this way , and I won't smell like cigarettes . And again , I'll be able to run and play ! 
It's very hot today . 103 right now , supposed to get to 105 . Tomorrow projected hight of 103 . Red brick in the back was poor planning - There is a reason that people make grills and outdoor ovens out of red brick . 
The power is out and it's hoooot ! 
Just finished cutting fabric for an apron . :) 
People 
The morning news is just amazing . They are following < PROPFIRST > Lohan's trek to court from a helicopter . 
Better is the enemy of good . \ 
-Voltaire 
Great riding weather today . Had a beautiful ride on a spirited horse ? Naughty horse ? Hungry Horse ? PMSing horse ? Good horses , and great people . What more can I ask for ? :) 
I want to post or link to the song Psychotherapy by < PROPFEMALE > , but I can't find one ! So just imagine ... 
Thanking the powers that be for all the good things in my world , and there are plenty of them ! Went riding for the 3rd day in a row ! Fantastic horses , especially Lady ( Thank you < PROPFEMALE >!) , and great company ! 
Went riding again today ... may go again later . This morning I went up the hill , and part way around the little hill , before we turned back . Lady was a little nervous , so I didn't push too much . She got frustrated with me because I made her stop and stand every time she decided it was time to go home . She was so good , considering we did something brand new , so she got lots of stinky apple treats . 
So tired . 
Along with her own health issues , our friend < PROPFEMALE > has had \ 
more devastating news . Her father has cancer , and will not be with us \ 
long . She will be needing to travel back to L.A. to be with family soon , \ 
and because of her own health , she can't just pick up and go , and even \ 
if she could , because of her circumstances , funds are limited . 
People change through life . If you find you don't like who they've become , wish them well . It's their journey , not yours . --- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Good night boys and girls . :) 
Took a short walk with the dogs ... I really need to find Patches ' harness . He can wiggle out of his collar lickety split when he sees another dog . 
Does anyone here use VOIP for their phone service ? Who do you use ? What do you think ? 
Ho Hum 
I remember sleep . 
Stir Crazy 
Tomorrow will be 08/09/10 . Anyone with a calendar knows this ... but I am easily entertained . :D 
So much to do ... where to start ? 
Busy day today , but it's all good times . Love these days ! 
My sister is feeling really sick tonight . Please pray for her . Chemo is such horrible , hopeful poison . 
Sweet dreams ! 
It's quiet tonight . 
My pups and I are having a poo and a doo today ! In other words - we are getting our hair done . 
Happy Birthday Mom ! I love you ! 
Strange day . Busy night . Getting ready . 
On our way ! have been for a little while , just couldn't post . Vegas was ok , way too crowded for me , it was nice spending time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . :) 
My name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and I am a chicken . 
It's a sleep thing ... did you know that two medium/smallish dogs take up more room than 2-3 adult size humans when the lights go out ? Can anyone explain the physics of this to me ? 
I need a computer psychic ! Damn thing picks the worst time to start malfunctioning . 
The touchpad on my laptop is going out . I hope it's as easy to replace as the keyboard was . Once the haze wears off , I'll get one ordered . 
I made some very tasty cream of asparagus soup from scratch . All within the parameters set forth by a very wise man in a white coat . I am following the rules . 
Going stir crazy . Still not supposed to do stuff yet , but that became impossible as of yesterday . 
Anyone have a good recipe for california rolls ? It has to be the kind where everything is chopped up into < PROPFEMALE > pieces . 
This is what happens ... 
Anyone want to pickup dinner and a few things at the grocery store for me ? 
There are so many references to food on television shows and commercials . ENOUGH ALREADY !!!! I have been eating pudding , broth , ice cream , protein drinks , slim fast , carnation instant breakfast , and jello . Yesterday I added grits and think I'm going to have mashed potatoes tonight . I'm sick of it . 
I talked to < PROPFEMALE > today , and she sounds so much better ! They did the surgery last night , and everything went as they expected . Thank you for the prayers and good thoughts ! 
As long as we observe love for others and respect for their rights and \ 
dignity in our daily lives , then whether we are learned or unlearned , \ 
whether we believe in the Buddha or God , follow some religion or none at\ 
all , as long as we have compassion for others and conduct ourselves \ 
with restraint out of a sense of responsibility , there is no doubt we \ 
will be happy . \ 
- Dalai Lama 
I like it anywhere , but usually downstairs . 
Flat bed is loading my car . POS that it is , Anyone gonna be in the neighborhood tomorrow morning around 6:30 ? 
It's Sunday ! 
PB&J is off the list . :( 
On the kitchen table . 
I have solved the PB&J dilemma ! 
On hold with CA DMV , 12 minutes and haven't interacted with a human yet . 
After spending the day running errands and spending a fortune at the vet's office , it's up at 3 am ... then the limo ( < PROPFIRST > ) takes me to LAX . Still need to pack . ................... and sleep . 
Kiska and I went to the vet so I could learn how to give him fluids subcutaneously . He was calm and cool , as usual , and it's going to be fairly easily to do it at home . 
I'm not handing out < PROPFEMALE > this year . My doggies don't need the stress of people lurking outside , and knocking and ringing the < PROPFEMALE > . I don't need leftover < PROPFEMALE > sitting around here . A movie is in my future . Paranormal Activity or Hereafter . Planning on going by myself , unless someone wants to join me . 
To my youngest spawn : You are 22 ! TWENTY TWO years old ! Trick or Treating for beer is not a good thing , no matter how you look at it . After a certain age , it is scamming , even if you can pass for a much younger age . 
Just got the best hugs in the world ! Happy dancing and smiling from ear to ear !! Safe and sound and smartass as ever . 
Dinner time . 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please repost this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONE'S WALL " 
My doggies are going to visit their Pop for a few days , starting tomorrow . I know that they couldn't be in better hands , but , I am usually the one to leave them behind when I travel to the midwest , now they are leaving me behind . Mum has separation anxiety already . lol . 
I wish the fireplace worked . Or the hot tub heater . Its cold ! 
I need to buy a new inkjet printer . A wireless , inexpensive , all in one , with a flat scanner , that doesn't devour ink . 
Military plane just flew over , and not all that high up . I wonder where it came from . Only one plane , and not a fighter , but a larger one . It sounded like it was going to take off a few shingles . \ 
Maybe for Veteran's Day , but it was more like a cargo plane or something like that . 
Happy Veteran's Day , and thank you , to all of our Vets . 
First day I have spent at home without my dogs . It's too quiet . 
PC battery is completely dead , and for whatever reason , the ac adapter is not working at all . I need to print a resume ! \ 
Grumble grumble 
My enchiladas are too spicy . :( 
My doggies are home ! Balance has been restored . They musta had fun , because they are both sleeping now . 
I finally got the door apart on my car . It took me a lot longer this time , but I did it ! Then locked myself out of the house . I managed to find a way in that didn't involve scaling a wall , shimmying across a roof , then hopping an iffy wooden rail . I could still do that if I needed to , though . Just sayin ... 
Hello World ! :) 
My Dentist and his staff are so much fun ! Yep , I said it . Also great at dentistry . Dr. Chapple , Baseline & Archibald in Rancho . 
Breathe . Let go . And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure . \ 
~ \ 
Oprah Winfrey 
Thinking about last Thanksgiving and how very grateful I am for having had that time with family . 
Dinner turned out well , and the three of us are stuffed ! 
Question : Remember in the late 70s , early 80s , when there was a vehicle that was like a small truck , but had seats in the bed part of the truck , facing the back of the truck ? What was it called ? 
This afternoon has been very trying . 
Coulda , woulda , shoulda . <----- Thoughts that need to go ! 
< PROPFIRST > is booping Patches on the nose , and he's loving it . 
The Bright Elusive Butterfly of Love will not leave my head . Argh ! 
Happy Hanukkah to my friends who begin their celebration today . 
\One\ 
Filled with kindness , and love . Gentle in spirit , and in life . Depth , intensity , open heart and open mind . Playful and sweet and lover of animals and the planet . 
I ask this of the Universe : Really ? Why ? 
As of tomorrow , I will no longer have a home phone number . If you don't have my cell number , send me a message . 
How does one release fear when bad things are happening ? 
I am selling my motorcycle if anyone is interested . It is a 1999 < PROPMALE > Davidson Sportster . If you'd like to know more , message me . 
Oh baby , baby , Its a wild world . Its hard to get by just upon a smile . 
The sunroom is flooding . 
Nap time ! 
Something tells me that there will no viewing of the eclipse tonight . 
Buying more sand bags . Evidently I don't have enough stress in my life . 
Woo Hoo ! 
It's hard to believe that an entire year has passed since you left us , Dad . I love you ! 
Walking to ... I don't know yet . 
Called the adjuster and they are sending a tow truck to take my car in and give me an estimate . \ 
I really wish the motorcycle didn't make me so nervous . 
My car is gone . Insurance Co said it would most likely total it because the airbags deployed , and it isn't cost effective to replace them . Sigh . 
Auto insurance , health insurance , AT&T --- Morning headache . Arghhh !!! 
It's 39 degrees outside . Brrrrr !! 
Clarity please . 
Car shopping . Ugh ! 
My attorney is < PROPFEMALE > EFFING believable . 
The search is over . A Volkswagen Passat will be coming to live in my garage . :) 
Good grief ! What did my dog eat ? 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ! Its been a long day . :) 
\Who is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > again ? \ " \ 
Let the moment be as big as it wants to be ... let it be organic and unformed , shaping itself . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness . 
Help ! I need a jump start . :( 
Miss < PROPFIRST > forgot her phone at home this morning . If you need me , send me a message , and I'll try to get back on and check them . Happy Sunday everyone ! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . 
Does anyone here have a Girl Scout selling cookies , or know someone who does ? 
Sweet sound ... Listening to the sound of Kiska and Patches ' sleeping peacefully . 
It is way past my bedtime ! Spent the last couple hours on emusic . Its so easy to get caught up in the music . 
I misplaced something , and its driving me nuts ! Love to find it , although its nothing urgent , or irreplaceable , it still drives me to distraction . 
It is one of the most beautiful compensations in life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself . \ 
~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I am selling my motorcycle , in case anyone is interested . It's a 1999 < PROPMALE > Davidson Sportster , 883 . The shocks area bit shorter , to accommodate my petite frame , but I still have the originals . They were relatively easy to change . 
30 minutes early for a movie . Flargh ! 
Everybody is a genius . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . \ 
— < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
This is a long shot , but I'll ask anyway . Will anyone in my local area be around tomorrow morning before 10 , and be willing to do a small favor ? 
$4.09 /gallon for gas this afternoon . :( 
Here we are ... again . Is anyone going to be around this area tomorrow morning ? \ 
:( 
