SO happy 

Why am I up at 6 when i went to bed at like ... 3 ??? 
haha Magic is kickin arse out there ! GO MAGIC .. btw sour patch kids rule 
Is ready to go to sleep again hahahaha 
Wishes he had 390k ... 
the military base was awesome . Also the navy is the shit .. [ army is too :')] 
asdf is the first thing you learn to type in school :') ... oh and uh .. leaving the 6th of July to go to south < PROPFEMALE > frt < PROPMALE > and then back to arkansas for a bit !!! 
Ah yes ... My future seems very bright at the moment :') 
is hhaving mixed feelings about something very importante ... 
wow .. i now have to make a big decision .. Im totally pissed off right now aswell ... man i need a way out !!! 
every civilian in bagdad is a terrorist ??? WTF 
Just two weeks boi !!!! omg omg ... ok ... alright .. ok ... im stoked .. ok im calm ... WOOT 
Sooo ... what will 4 dollars , a guitar pick , and some pocket lint get me ? 
wants to go shoot some M4's and some AR14s and m1s maybe even an ak or m4 or an ak74 that would be cool .. but no 22s or 12vs ... sorry .. 
learned alot of blues yesterday during my free time .... yeah .. 
Is having the funnest argument ever with someone !! 
I cannot message you guys anymore cuz facebook is being gay !!!! So just send me a message 
what the hell am i doing up so early ! I fell asleep like 1 hour ago !! shit .. This is really retarded ... 
Ok im going to guitar center today and if you want to go just ask ill take you . 
Cant wait to see everyone .. BUt jesus you all have changed !! Anywhoo ... Whos going to guitar center with me ! I have 1 person that might so who else ? 
\I WANT SOME F****NG BANANA STICKERZ NOW !!! QUOTE BY DEATHKLOK " 
doing absolutely allooooottt of crap right now .. got a hair cut too .. it looks wayyy better haha 
Transfrmerz homos in disguise ch ch cha chaw chow cho 
Im in the front hall of < PROPFEMALE > castle ! 
OK ... Ok ok ... So I am learning laid to rest by lamb of god . I bet ill have it learned in atleast two days including breaks and when i get bored trying to learn it . 
Omg the funniest thing happened .. Who knew 100 calorie packs of popcorn could actually explode in your microwave and smoke the hell out of your house ! 
CANT WAIT TIL ' ARKANSAS 
Yeah .. I totally owned you in a guitar off yesterday so dont cry lol 
Cant fall asleep for some reason ... 
Im so bored .... I want to leave now ! 
BUUbuut ... I really want to go make a video !!!! 
\wouldnt hit that with my truck\ " lol < PROPFIRST > you are friggin hilarious .... " 
Omg .. I totally predicted he was in the hospital like a day ago at jonathans lol R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Mays .. 
Readings pretty cool sometimes ... I prefer visuals though .. thats why you know if its that good of a book , they will make a movie about it . Saves you time :) 
I had allways felt that < PROPFIRST > mays was yelling at me through the television all the time .. but .. Now .. i understand what he was trying to say .. you know ? He was trying to say \Kyle ! Get out there and buy some mighty Puddy !! \ " but .. I never complied .. im so " 
\Wonder what i could do with this axe .. \ " Axe - Technical term for an awesome electric guitar . \ " I dont play grandpa guiars\ " Grandpa Guitar - Acoustic guitar . \ " I want some F*#( @ng BANANA STICKERZ !! \ " You gotta have them .. " 
Lets < PROPFEMALE > out before i leave friday !! MEssage me , something , anyone ! Lets go do this !!! 
OH snap my friend from ohioh is in town !! PEACE guys !!! 
Well turns out im leaving a bit earlier .. bout thursday ? Well ill probabally arrive before saturday for sure so just tell me whats up and just txt me . If you dont have my number just ask . Peace 
WArped tour haha C ya ! 
Ok ... IM FINALLy leaving for arkansas tonight .. Txt me .. You have my number and all that jazz 
Wonders why everyone really despised MJ and then as soon as he died everyones like \awe .... MJ died ... OH im soooo depressed n shit .. \ " Quit being hipocrits ?? Thank you :) " 
Alright .. Im leaving at 8:00 pm !! ALRIGHT ?? Holy crap dude .. 
Im in arkansas right now ... runnin on about 1 hour of sleep and 53 hours of awakeness !!! IDK how im still awake honestly ... PEace ! 
Having an awesome time !! Cant wait til Journey !! Also I get to meet some friends I havent seen in awhile . Also New vids will be posted like ... whenever I have time ??? Yeah thats it :) . . . Peace ... 
Wow .. Some retard on facebook wants a firework to hit me in the face XD what a dumb ass :D 
Wishes I had somones fing number ! Gosh man ... 
Is enjoying this argument with this retard that cant even spell right or comprehend what I am trying to tell him ... So much for litterate adults huh :'/ 
wants to learn the song CCCKY 
I cant believe that i have learned the guitar part to domo arigato in under 4 minutes !!! lol easy peasy ... 
Well ... I totally amputated my finger .. Going to the hospital .. I got blood all over the keyboard aswell .. why am i typing .. its only making things worse .. lol jk jk i didnt amputate my finger .. but i just want to go < PROPMALE > diving .. so im going .. peace :) 
Playin bass at a banquet ???? WHAAATT ??? 
\IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII WAANNNAAAA BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ANARCHYYYYYYYYY \"" 
\Leavin you tonight ... Over and out !!! \"" 
wants to go to the skate park and totally do an < PROPFIRST > then leave 
Holy FUCK !! I had the hottest wings ever and omg that shit was the shit !!! 
is having fun bagging on people when they cant do anything about it :D 
Got ate up by a bunch of ticks looking for < PROPFIRST > Simmons house so we could go ghost hunting but we are actually going with equipaje tomorrow :) it should be a fun experience . 
had gotten 48 new songs that are kick ass for only $2.93 and im totally feelin sick right now ... Working out tomorrow aswell i suppose 
Why do people have to get grounded !!! LAME ASSES 
WOw that was the lamest 2 seconds of my life :/ 
Dang this month is flying by amazingly fast :/ 
Leaving monday :) PEACE people :( 
Did an Endurance workout . Readyin up for soccer and track season ... Leavin AR in two days :/ 
Playing Guitar Hero Metallica on Expert with < PROPFIRST > 
Ok im leaving tomorrow night : ) 
Is going to Magic Springs today . I hope there is new rides n stuff :D 
Leaving Now .. See whoever up in arizona :D 
Ok I got done riding a bunch of rides involving heights and I dont really fear them whatsoever anymore :/ neither do i feer going down fast tubes that go streight down at an < PROPFEMALE > :/ 
STILLL hasnt seen transformers ... :?/ 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
. . . . 
Well .. I have to start using my legal names lol so my ACTUAL NAME IS < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rónán No more 5 names :D 
wants to ride the scariest roller coaster ever !!! 
Heard about senior photos .. N-E one know when they are ? 
Just seen the ODE to breast cancer dance on \so you think you can dance\ " ... Hmmm ... There was a TON of people crying and getting all emotional :/ ... " 
I totally found out something about a certain someone and another person aswell and i am cracking up so bad omg ... ROFLMAO BADLY !!! GOOD NIGHT People haha 
Ran to the phoenix library < PROPMALE > out and then ran back to my house .. 4 < PROPMALE > ??? I would guess so . 
Tape a dagger to its face or something . 
Anyone have a skate board they dont use ??? 
Ate some venomous scorpions and it was insane kindof :) oh ... the experience ? well ... it isnt as bad as people think it is .. its just crunchy .. kinda bitter ... thats all i remember anyways ... Id do it again if it came down to it .. ( for money :D ) 
Does anyone find the < PROPFEMALE > -obama ironic ?? Think about it . THey were waiting for a black person to become president so they could finally have a < PROPFEMALE > that could grow an afro .. You cant make GW bush grow an afro can you :/ ... 
Skateboarding is GROWING ON ME !!! I really need to get anotha one :/ 
Practiing some music .. getting bored of stuff .. finishing up my cds and all that jazz . . shoppin online ... kinda a busy day but not really :) cant wait til tomorrow and then the 1st for a wedding :D 
anyone need a 320 g toshiba ext hardrive ? 
helped somone out .. i feel so horrible right now ... 
Unfortunately the NCHS band has suffered a significant loss of people this up coming year ... We will miss you and keep shining on stars of the north ... 
Is upset ... i have to miss the first two days now ... AAHALJHLDJL : FJDLJF 
Is ready to have some funnnnn !!! 
Ah frick .. . gee awe heck ... I got my tux and im ready for this \Bachelor\ " party thing thats goin on " 
captcha tha imajinayshon . Im a groomsman :) coolio 
Ah ... The wedding es hoy .. Gonna be a long day :/ lol 
Finally got the sumbichin drum set !!! LETS JAm FOOS ! still need a bass pedal that works and im all set ( no pun intendid but i cought it ) 
' s leg is really fing up really bad ... its really ... really ... pissing me the hell off ... I think ima fuckin rip the shit off and get a prosthetic leg .. that would be a great plan :) 
Hopes they leave soon so i can jam in peace ... 
OMg .. i really think i might have really done some damage to my ankle ... 
holy crap im tired ... 
My ancle has healed up ... Still pretty swolen ... gotta get it checked out just in case . 
Damn ... I need a double bass pedal now :/ 
Damnn man .. im sore as hell .. I got a sore throat .. and ofcourse .. my ancle is starting to hurt again ... WTF man .. 
Totally tired .. I need water .. Fruit .. Chicken bakes .. hmm ... good night people :) 
is selling an acoustic guitar for 50 bucks without strings if you would like to buy it :) 
SOooooooooooooOOOOOoooooOOOOooo ...... Bored , but its all good lol 
Anyone know what time the school opens and closes so i can change my classe n ' stuff ? 
Has a full schedual and is expecting Streight A's or All A's and B's ... these classes are a bunch of jokes that i will be unleashed upon me come monday ... 
OMG i need huge revisions on my schedual .. I guess I have ... 1st . AP gov/econ . 2nd . IB spanish 5 . 3rd Student < PROPFEMALE > ?????????? 4rth . String Orchestra . 5th . lunch 6th English . 7th ALGEBRA 3 ????? wtf is this shit !!!! omg dude .. now i have to go in sometime and totally get < PROPFEMALE > shit changed up ... 
I need new bands to listen to .. Anyone have any Ideas ? ( no hip hop or rap alowed . unless its gangster hardcore rap ) 
I really hate when certain people say certain things that tick you off .. then you cant really do anything about it .. but then when you go to sleep .. you then dream of the good things that never happen ... Good night people . 
just realized what needs to be done during my practices towards becoming a better player :) < PROPFEMALE > ist guten ! 
Yeah .. Got done skatin with < PROPFIRST > .. Fun times .. Sux your leavin man ! Cant wait for Escuela manana but idk what the hell ima do n stuff . . . seems like it would be a boring day every single day for the next year :/ but whatever people ... see yins at school :) 
i love my classes ! NAU should be fun after Highschool ... i shall look into it . :) 
NAU IS THE SHIT !!! Cant wait :) 
Rode a shit load of Roller Coasters and ate some panda express while trying to convince people I was < PROPFIRST > hawks cousin with some friends haha ( six flags is bomb ) BTW We rode all of the thrill roller coasters . 
Can someone tell me what we did in Math friday ? LIke , what was the assignment and all that jazz . 
CHillin Like a villian .. I guess my new phone might be the LG Dare .. but whatever ! 
Had the oddest conversation today :/ it was cool though lol 
wants an awesome tat 
Imagine me scared of a person that bleeds the same blood as me 
Guten Nacht .. 
I shall be ready .. 
Im sad but at the same time pissed but at the same time im happy ... WTF man ... lol 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > with friends .. Im outie :) 
Starting to feel reallly sick ... HEadache ... stomach ache ... I have the urge to throw up .... anyone know what it is ????? :/ 
Fuck you stradlater .. GOd this book is terrible ! .. .. .. I recomend it :) 
YEAH boi ... totally feeling better after a couple of asprin and a bite of food .. 
Is not feeling good again ... What the helllllll 
Bored .. 
Machine American . 
Metal band competition ! Anyone Interested ?? ( battle of the bands ) January 20th . Scottsdale ! YEAH , thats what I was told .. soooo who the FUCK wants to do it ?? 
Was stabbed by a cactus ........ was not a pleasent experience I say ... 
GETTING SURGERY THE 21ST OF SEPTEMBER !!! WOOT WOOT ... FML ... :'( 
Can't wait to see my old friend Alyx ... GOnna BE a BLAST ! 
Cant wait ... 9 more days til surgery .. might aswell get all the fun in before I cant walk again !!! AHhhhhh !!! 
Eight more days til u know what . Peaces ! 
Alright EMT training in january . . Hopefully I get a job before then to help pay for school . Should be an experience (: 
Anyone know where I can get a solid black hat ? 
SO I got a pair of 80 dolllar shoes in the mail today for free ! 
OMG ice-cream sounds really good right now , anyone want in ? lol 
I still have yet to learn why I have 5 names ... :/ 
Getting picked up in a government issued vehicle after school today ... Wonder what it's going to be about :/ 
Jammed with < PROPMALE > today and we made a retarded ass vid that no ones ever going to see im guessing haha 
UUhhhh hell yeah ! Scored a 74 on the practice Asvab ! 
Under the knife tomorrow \/" 
< PROPFEMALE > Corps Music Tryouts soon 
Fnugg Blue the original ! Peace ... 
surgery is done ... I got my rods n stuff as suviniers which is cool ! cant play music or anything for a while .. my wrist is kinda paralyzed ... but i can barely move some fingers .. its all good though . thanks for the support n stuff guys and gals :) 
In alot of pain .. omg .. this sux but i had to do it :) 
OH dudes i forgot to tell you , they gave me my < PROPMALE > and my pins and plates to keep :D so i shall show you if you ask me :) 
Ever wonder why my farmville character is african american ? 
My friend is dead ... Wtf ... 
Wants his fucking homework now ... 
BAHhh ... bored .... 
< PROPFEMALE > corps ! 
Shit ... I was just handed so much homework haha 
Can't wait , good luck at the competition guys ! 
Needs a ride to the game so i can play with you guys 
dude . 
Jesus , I can finally get on facebook ! 
Computers being a hard core < PROPMALE > ... going to go to sleep . PEace 
Gettin off , going to have some fun ! peace 
How do i remove that Subway eat fresh thing off of my profile ???? and secondly ...... WHO THE HELL PUT IT THERE ???? 
< PROPFEMALE > Corps Band Tryouts the 23rd . Hope I do well :) 
I guess im jammin on drums for my buds tommorrow . Wish I had a double bass pedal !!!! 
Wants to know what seniors are going to be tomorrow ! 
MOTHIJAH 
Alright then .. can't wait till track season and tomorrows going to be one interesting day for seniors 
haha english teachers pissed cuz I passed the impossible quizzzzzzz 
On the road to becoming an EMT will be fierce . . But its the first step to become a < PROPFEMALE > ... wish me luck as I audition for the < PROPFEMALE > corps band and hopefully make a career out of medicine aswell as music :') 
Funny how the second rally how us seniors lost .. TG that I was at the first one where we WON . . I shame the second rally seniors ... jesus you should be a shamed of yourselves 
WOKE up from a really long nap .... thanks construction workers :/ 
Alright , im ready for tuesday aswelll ... Ill let you all know what happens . Peaceeeee 
Wants to see the soloist .. but hasn't .. 
After watching the video ... I realized how bad I messed up my solo ... but jesus christ ! I feel like a retard not nailing simple notes like that . . . 
TF2 time 
Has tons of homework .. But hey , I finished a 4 hour nap . I think im good on time for now lol 
Interview Friday ! Can't wait .. Honors band College Tryouts for U of A scholarship ... U.S < PROPFEMALE > Corps Music Tryouts 23rd litterally .. All regionals and Solo and Ensemble !!! LIFE IS GOOOODD !!! 
I FINALLY have a cell phone . Message me your < PROPFIRST > : ) < PROPMALE > and peace 
Tiredish from yesterday .. leg is sore as hell lol but its all good . 
Yay friday ... I have < PROPFEMALE > corps band tryouts for RIZZLE in PERSON !! HOW AWEsOME 
I don't have time to be tired ... 
I guess I qualify for the being tall scholarship for . . . Idk how much its worth :/ . . . I just gotta look furthur into it lol 
Does booya in chinese mean titties or something like that ?? Movie is \Ping Pong Playa\ " look it up " 
No more competitions 
What college should I go to ??? 
I loved this weekend .. it was fun , and I will definatelly hope that this week will be just as kick ass as the last one ! 
Lol .. so , I hopped a wall and got introuble by security gaurds in the bashas mart area .. I was accused of the following .. Spray painting , steeling 3 tricycles and god knows what else ... Im not in any trouble because I was a nice fellow and dealt with it maturely lol 
Holloweeeeeen pppppawwwwwwwwwwtyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
This weekend was a blast ... got the 360 , going to finish doing some homework n stuff later on .. Ill talk to you all later ... peaceeeeeeeee 
Is PO-ed .. to much math ! 
I owned you ! 
Ahhhh ... I just made the most EPIC two minute video using only images , title screens and well .. music !! 
I need help finding a scholarship essay .... something frickin easy and fun !!! i don't need the money .. I need the grade !! 
Estoy .. MUY aburidooooo ................... 
Im going to the Arizona Cards and Seatle Seahawks Game tomorrow !!!! yessirr go Seahawks !!! 
Getting Sick RINGTONES that No one will haveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
I wonder if i would get jumped wearing a < PROPMALE > Hassleback jersey in the middle of a crowd of Cards fans at the game tomorrow :) 
Well .. CANT wait for the game in 5 hours !!! Text muah n stuff 
is sick .... 
So .. Im not sick anymore :) also I aced the College Writing Exam and Did very well on the College Reading Exam . Happy happy joy fn joy 
WOW ... making first chair regionals is not even going to be the slightest bit of hard this year !! Thank god for good people graduating :) 
Haven't played guitar in awhile .... Ima hit that baby up right now . 
Bleh .. blood drive tomorrow .. Then were rappppin .. then im playing cod6 :) 
Alright .. don't forget to sign up for the NAU thing .. its free lesssons so you don't suck at your instruments anymore underclassmen/juniors that suck ! GET ON YOUR GAME and its FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
To everyone that is going to the movie , I cannot go ... I am going to buckeye to see my sister and nephews before they go to South Korea .. Im sorry and Ill see you all monday :/ 
Who would consider breeding dogs that look like walking mops ??? 
All I wan't for christmas is everything I need . 
Music sux right now lol 
I totally worked out today ! I'm hurtin but its allllll good ;) 
Ah ... I feel like souch an oblivious dumbass right now :////////////////////////// /skdjf ; alskjdf ; laskjdf ; laksjdfa Reces peaces yall :D 
Played tennis , went to little cesars and saw somone that apparently knew me that I couldn't see . It was great fun lol 
Writing COOOOl music dudes ! 
Inglorious bastards ... My house ? Dvd ? BIG SCREEN ?? ANYONE ???? 
FN excited .... ALL A's and B's ... one C sadly ... But yeah I did amazing on finals like I thought I would :) 
Alright so ... Got done hangin w/ friends ... Watched Get < PROPMALE > or Die tryin earlier today ... Had fun . All in all ... An ok day I suppose :O 
Hmm Im totally going to have fun for the rest of the break hO0z 
Goin to have some fun , peace yallllll 
Twas A cool night :) 
Have a great Chrismahonaquanzika . 
Anyone have an English 101 book they aren't using ? . .. FOr pvcc ? 
Got college next semester .. full schedual ... going to be a pain in the buttoxxxxxxx .... but it should go swell :) 
Omg ... egg omlette w/ some onions , < PROPFEMALE > peppers , bacon and well . . . the obvious egg w/ a side of smoked sausage ! I'm totally making that for breakfast tomorrow ... yuuummmmm 
< PROPFEMALE > X-Mas , Happy Hanukkah , and * snap , lip pop , click * quanza . 
Madden 2010 .. Shibooyahhhhhhh 
Ahhhh HELLS YES , Ima probabally be playin bass in the church youth band band .. And they ... Play hard rock lol 
GO UCF football ! 
blew off plans to go to a church thing . Now I cannot go to the church thing , so im stuck at home with nothing to do . 
Oh ! I climbed camel back mountain today lol :) 
Can't wait . I have like a million tryouts this month !!! XD 
Was ASKED to audition for NAU bands by Dr. Schmit as well as the tuba proffessor this weekend because of how AWESOME I play !.. Unexpected .. But I made it of course !! I wish I could describe how happy I am right now .. Damn i love that place 
Gotta write a stupid poem for english .. .. I just wanna be lazy though !!! 
Mhmm im in jazz band ;) 
Honestly wants to play drums or trumpet instead of tuba for jazz band lolz 
Regionals TUBA Regionals BASS . . going to be one fun week of perfection :D 
The audition on bass for regionals went acceptionally well ... I fd up the scales but i did ok for first year bass :) 
Made college decision and it is NAU for sure . 
OH I forgot to mention , I apparently did way better than alot of the other tuba players at retionals !! Im excited to know what my placement is :D 
Hosted a small party . . . Great fun :) ... Kinda bored now lol 
Fuck ' SMOSH ' for saying the who sucked . They f ****** rocked ! 
Math test tomorrow . . . Uber funnnnnnn 
Gonna study for a couple hours or whatever , so txt :D 
Ten hours of playing drums and makin riffs . . . HOW . . . BRUTAL :D ' .. ' , 
I fn love the Olympics :D 
Learned how to tie a shyt loads of different ways to tie a tie . . Who knew ??? I thought there was like 2 lol but whatever :D 
Does any ones cat like tap you but more like scratch/paw at you to get your attention ?? 
Shall I shave my head and grow a beard ? Most votes towards either YES or NO will most likely happen . START VOTIN ! 
Damnit . . . Im soooo sick againn . . . Runny nose and sore throat . . how the F*** ! any ideas on how to get rid of these symptoms like . . . ASAP ? 
Concert went well . . . 2nd chair at regionals . Hoping to make state . Have a good weekend yall . 
If you think about it . . States not that hard to make at all lol 
Well . . . My last Dr. Pepper was stolen by < PROPMALE > :/ . . . 
Well . . . I pulled an all nighter . . . And well . . . Im suprised im still awake . Im going to go sleep for 14 hours cuz I diserve to ! 
I better make state for practicing as much as I do !!! >:( 
I am so ready for state tomorrow morning . WIsh me luck ! 
Slayer \reign in blood\ " Cover IB talent show dudes and dudets ! " 
Damn ... so tired . Okinawa Japan !!! 
Feeling sick .... wayyyyyyyyyyy sick ... 
Yep , talent show tryouts . . . were gonna own :) 
Going for A run :) 
weekends been fun so far ;) 
Outshined my own potential :D learned so much during that guitar lesson !!! 
Dragonaut .... hellz yeah ... 
Fun night . GN 
Dayum .. a cello is a fine peice of worksmanship . 
Working on my essay stuff so I can have atleast saturday and sunday off 
Today was pretty interesting ... F in tired ... That essay really killed me 
Talked to family In Korea .. that pretty much made my day :) Good night people . 
is finally done with his stupid MLA style Paper :) 21 pages :D yay !! 
I have but one wish and one wish only . Free pie wednesdays ( only at villiage in ) 
Stupid ass recruiter needs to get me some damn info .. Im growing impatient .... 
Just got back from the MUSE concert . Awesome light show and great performance . 
These allergys should leave .... Now .... 
Pretty bad ass weekend . IB talent show , be there or be circular or something : ? 
So im pretty much in the < PROPFEMALE > Corps . Been workin out alot w/ the recruiters and all the other guys . Hopefully it pays off . 
Holy stuff ... today flew by lol 
So after doing like 30923803984 push ups ... My arms turned to gello but they are now like fucking pythons !!!! HELL YEAH !!! 
Going to < PROPMALE > Airforce Base tomorrow morning to get yelled at by drill sargeants . Should be UBER amazing :D 
Can't sleep , too excited for tomorrow morning ! but today was rather boring ... Got to < PROPFEMALE > out w/ some old freinds though ... Peace guys :D 
Damn ... Tired as hell lol .. We got smoked today .. Fun stuff :) 
Turns out , you don't need to go to prom to have a super awesome , delicious , time ;) 
I am SOOOOooooo not ready for the trip tomorrow ... kinda didn't expect it lol 
Who alls going to the quior concert or whatever ?? 
Rock band w/ band mates ... Fun timez 
some live the poetry that some cannot write . The others write the poetry that they dare not realise . 
What the hell happened to the forgive and forget policy .. why the fuck does everyone have to hold a grude these days ???? I don't!!! JEsus christ ! 
Its official ... MEPS at 5:00 am lol .. wish me luck ! 
Having the best time evva ! 
Swearing into the US < PROPFEMALE > Corps may 18 . Can't wait . Only a matter of months before Im a < PROPFEMALE > ;) ship dates in November most likely . Any questions just ask lol 
Graduations right around the corner ! Can't wait !!! 
So I let a random cat watz in my house w/ out realizing it ... Damn cats look the same these days :/ 
Gonna b havin fun teachin someone guitar prolly , should be fun ;) 
I love life ;) 
Wow .. concert was sort of a fail but all in all it was pretty bombastic . Wish some people knew how to count ! Good night all :) 
Not feeling up to par . I have a headache n stuff from that crazy work out but thats NOTHIN Cuz I gots me some CHOCOLate MILK ! 
I is done w/ school .. Bout time too ! 
\Drinkin bear in the 
Ready to go Paintballin :D 
Seen friends I haven't seen in awhile pretty chill day dudes n dudets 
wan'ts to go bowling for some reason :D 
Auditions in t minus 1 hour 30 minutes ;D 
GREAT NEWS !!! I made it into the < PROPFEMALE > corps band !!! F *** yeahhhhhhH !!!! Its official :D 
So I busted out my guitar and somone recognized the song I was playing at the park :D It was a very exilerating day ! 
Ok I got my results from Sarg . I scored 2.8 out of a perfet 3.0 , I have the highest audition score in Arizonas History ( I made history lol ) , and I play at the rank level of E . 4 or Corperal . Sooooo those are the resultz yall :D 
Awesome weekend n stuff w/ friends . tomorrow should be fun too :) 
Ok so being a professional musician is harder than I thought :/ hollllllly craaaaaap .... but its alllllll gonna be worth it !!!! 
Dude ... I love this job :D 
Makin money ! helllllz yeah ;) 
Please god , Let us make bank today ! ;D 
Talk about crazy nights D: 
DUDEZ ! My fn ship date is 5 days before christmas !!! How retarded . . . 
Hopefully I'll make a f ***** sale this week . . . 
Haa I learned some pianooooo :D Thinking about taking some fall courses at GCC talk to yall later ! 
Sold to a famous MMA fighter :D 
Goin to the lake this weekend ;) 
Talk about a crazy week . I guess I'm going camping after work friday ... Oohhh boy ;) 
Going camping with Meine Familie !!!! bye bye jetzt ! :) 
Damn ... I'm so burnt lol its < PROPFEMALE > real :/ 
Lol yellow led betters a pretty challenging sonnnnng 
DAMN ... who woulda thought I was actually that smart .... lol totally sucked at the math part but who gives a flyin j ! 
??? (?_?) ??? 
Kinda wanna see family in Ar . :/ 
Kawasaki Ninja 600e ... New O ring .. Needs the Carborator Clean ... Hew Gaskets . Not a bad deal right ? 
Puttin up a 1000$ this week ... I need one more 298 and I'm awesome :D :D 
I just love how I'm too busy for friends . Awesome :) 
WTF does my instrument have to be the price of a new car for gods sake . . . :(((((((((( 
New guitar friday ... Hopefully ... 
Estoy bored :) 
Just got out of the Hospital ... again ... 
Gosh ... Spinal taps are NOT cool , yo ... 
Manager . 
google.ru 
I went to subway today and I paid for two subs , with 2 small drinks . I then recieve change in $6.66 . Guy said with his two years workin there , he never gave change due like that . My days pretty boring so I gotta have some fun lol 
Ate an almost legit Korean restaurant as quoted by < PROPFEMALE > . It was pretty good :) 
PT :D 
12 hour shift . That was the fun 
Moshpits 4 life . 
< PROPMALE > with someone I haven't < PROPMALE > out with in awhile :) funnn times\ 
Despicable me was a great movie . 
Chair placement later today . Should be pretty interesting ;) 
Wow ... People can be nothing but drama . Just 3 more months to go . 
Wow who would have thought that drunken horse shoe throwing competitions were that intense :O 
loves college ;) 
GCC chair placement audition went super well . Hopefully I get first chair ;) 
bore ........... d 
F YES .. First Chair ;) 
Going to the Hospital ... :/ 
What shall I do for my 19th birthday , any ideas ?? :D 
If I don't get this job , I'm starting a band D: 
gosh .. Never yawned so much in my life lol 
Looking on the back of a < PROPMALE > light truck , I saw \Be Smart 
No college today :D 
and boredom strikes again ! :D .. Awesome ;) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys :D :D :D Love you guys and gals much !! 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? Let me know :D 
PT was a biatch today :/ but can't wait till next week ;) 
If I'm sending random messages to people , let me know . 
Had fun tonight . Hopefully more fun to come :) have a great night , all . 
So I played with an ex < PROPFEMALE > who played in the USMC band , the district band dude for PV schools ( hes a tuba player haha ) , and tons of other teachers . We talked about popeye , pirates , stabbing people and killing them with < PROPMALE > knives .. awesomely FUN STUFF :D :D I'm tired , don't know if any of this made sense , so i will just leave it at that .. 
Tired n sore . 
Halo Reach .. Its ok I guess .. 
Leaving the 12th of October ! Getter done ! 
Pt t-minus .. Close 
Tired but I want food ... Such a hard decision here ! 
What ifs serve no purpose inlife except only in cases of doubting a great outcome . - me 
12 days til USMC boot ! :D 
Craziest day ever ... 9 mile run , p90x work out , then relentless walking at stores and stuff ... We'll < PROPFEMALE > soon , I'll try my best , and you better know who you are when you read this cuz I'm talkin bout you ;P 
10 Days , hella busy week ... 
Well I'm tryin but what else can I do ?? Good night all .. 
And for the people that didn't hear , we discovered a new planet in the < PROPFEMALE > locks zone . As In its residable ..... I ln a million or so years anyways 
Watching the butter fly effect . Good movie . 
Oh daaaamn ... Its almost here :D 
Concert at Mtn . Ridge High School , Thursday 7 pm . The high school will be playing as well as the professional GCC Community Band yoooo ! So if you wanna go , like , and I'll give you info . If not , thats fine with meeee ;) 
Workin outs awesome , definitely takes away a little stress ... foooor suuuuuure . 
The hail was pretty intense . Hope it doesn't come back . 
I hate waiting for stuff ! Bleh 
Watching wild boyz .. crazy shyttt .. 
Concert at MTN Ridge HS , if you wanna go , leave around six . Its kind of a ways over there . Message me on here for questions . 
Boot camp .. Tuesday , can't wait . Tomorrow is IST .. 4:30 am ..... fuuuuuuuuun 
When they say boots just a mental game , did they mean waiting for boot to start ?, or did they mean during ? Lmao 
Leaving for boot to tomorrow mornin ! USMC Here I come !! 
Whattttsuuuuuuuuup ... finally a < PROPFEMALE > after 3 bs months ... lol hit me up and we can prolly < PROPFEMALE > or whatever when i get back . ;) 
Hopefully I'll get a phone soon so send me your < PROPFIRST > in a message or something and I'll get back to you . Til then , PEeeeeeeeaaaaaceeeee :D 
Got a long week ahead of me and I never thought I would crave this much food ! Haha 
Tired .. Drivin back to Arizona tomorrow if I am not mixing up the plans or anything .. Gooood night ;D 
wow latest ive stayed up in awhile ;) haha good night .. 
Getting a phone today possibly . Is the I-Phone 4g out for verizon yet or what ? I'll find out today if no replies .. C yall soon ! :D 
New phone . Pretty awesome one too ;) 
Ha ... seahawks beat the saints .. 
Packin up muh stufffff ............ 
playin drums n listenin to musik 
OK so I played a shyt load of guitar ... Now ... I don't know what to do :O wtf mannn .. 
Leave .. Is fn amazing :D 
At the gym w/ < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPMALE > 
Long day/night .. Fun times ;) 
Sweet night . Ending it by teaching Kealan bass lol xD 
Got a bad ass fender acoustic guitar ! Most exciting I tell ya ;D good night !!! 
So I leave n a couple days ... BUUUUTTTTTTT , I made some time and I learned Curses by bullet for my < PROPFIRST > on acoustic . Pretty raaaaad :D 
Met < PROPMALE > Hodge again the other day , got advice from him .. Playin basketball with the sargants tomorrow for PT . Awesome day of coloring squares in with sharpies as well .. lol 
SO , I leave for < PROPFEMALE > Combat Training then Virginias School of Music ( berkly program apparently ) tomorrow :/ ... total of 7 months or so . I'll upload some pics n stuff later . Hope to hear from all of yall sooner or later :D 
At the airport .. just waiting .. 
Libbbbbbooooooooo 
So I'm on ocean side enjoying my libo w/ my buds Wagenaar and Stecher . Got some moto T'S and am preparing to shoot some machine guns and use NVG's 
So it looks like ima miss valentines day n shit :/ but the cool thing is ... I know how to use night vision goggles with lasers effectively . 
Oh also shot the m240 bravo , SAW m249 , DATA , and the 203 grenade attachment . ;) 
So I graduate mct in 3 days . Then music school , here I coooome ! 
Basically trained rifleman . Loojmks like the m240 is my specialty lmao XD music school , I'm on my way . 
I'm in Atlanta < PROPFEMALE > .. only one more flight :D 
In < PROPFEMALE > . Going to check in later . Time to nap ! 
Got my lap top , < PROPFEMALE > beach is the SHYT !!!! , and I will be moving into my room with my roomies here within a few hours . Cool beans yo ;) 
I got my instruments . Practice is required 10 hours a week , pretty bomb .. 
Checking in bloooooows ...... 
Alright . So far music school has been of such :\ 
\ 
Wake up\ 
Accountability\ 
PT\ 
Eat\ 
Talk , < PROPFIRST > around , get issued books ... joke some more\ 
Chill in our barracks , shoot the shit , play games\ 
Practice\ 
Practice \ 
Sleep 
I get paid to do this ??? Wtfffff :DDDDD 
Logged in 7 hours of practice in the past 3 days .. Never been so damn motivated . \ 
Semper fi , \ 
Do or die . 
Watching 300 with the guys , eating cookies , n just plain chillin . 
Took my first course test after a 4 hour long class n got a 95 . Talk about cramming yo 
Yep ... playing Black ops ... this game suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuux .... 
Got an inspection , PFT , Concert , and a ton of other BS to attend . Tomorrow shall be busy . 
Sorry if I didn't reply back to you on facebook IM . I am automatically signed in all the time lol so sorry . Awesome day though . I got praised and yelled at in one day :D sounds amazing right ?? haha good night ! 
At the presidents own concert . Can't wait to see what they're all about . 
And people think they are dying due to lack of sleep ??... Would I like to speek to those < PROPMALE > ones ... 
So ... This girl is hagglin me lolz ... Didn't say it was a bad thing :O 
So much to learn , sooo little time ... :/ 
Soy hombre araña .. 
Never practiced this much in my life .. HOLY SHYT hahaha 
Cramming a crap load of music into my brain :D fun ! 
So were playing a lot of orchestral pieces and I just happened to class up at the right time :) I then get jazz studies and improv on tuba . Cool stuff right ?? 
Listening to 3 inches of blood and eating cookies as well as playing arma 2 . Way to start of the weekend :D 
Theory is coming along . \ 
We have to sing aloud and clap n do a bunch of conducting stuff . Retarded lol\ 
Can't wait until mondayyyy 
Someone tried messaging me . Sorry if i didn't get to you lol 
Damn .. This week is already starting off bad .. I'll just make up for everything tomorrow . 
Well .. I'm totally powning musically here at the school . Love it . \ 
Its stressfull as hell lol but hey .. Its one of the best experiences of my life :D :D :D \ 
Thanks for all the support you all . \ 
GOOD NIGHT !! 
BOred .. Who wants do anything 
Holst , The Planets , Op . 32 , H 125 - Mars , The Bringer Of War Los < PROPFEMALE > Philharmonic ... THE BEST damn recording of mars I have heard yet . Anyone find a better one ?? 
< PROPFIRST > trump doesn't believe Barack Obama is who he says he is , therefore he wants to see Baracks birth-certificate according to \SCHOTT \"" 
Damn .. Worst day yet .. 
Tattooooo ????!!!!!!! 
So I guess I have an Improvisation class for next week ... on TUBA ? \ 
Win ;) 
