found bubble wrap <3 

hates people . 
is not looking forward to packing ... 
wants to learn to scuba dive 
just got off her first night of work . Now it's time to get stat homework done .... 
is confused on this whole thing and doesn't know what to do 
wants to sleep but can't :( 
has 3 things she can't live without ... Pudding , Poptarts , and cough drops :D 
is doing absolutely nothing 
is doped up on cold meds , which always makes for random conversations 
is bored . 
obviously has no life since she has nothing better to do than update her facebook status 
is thinking there is nothing like acting stupid in your room , dancing and singing at the top of your lungs :) 
just loves to procrastinate ... 
' s brain is gonna esplode :( 
is wondering what to do .... 
wants chocolate 
has nothing better to do with her time than be on FB . Maybe she'll go to foodland to get that chocolate she wants .. 
is finishing her homework she should have done earlier .. 
is off to Foodland with < PROPFIRST > to get her chocolate ! 
got her chocolate :D Too much of it probably .. 
is excited not to have classes since it's 4th of July weekend . Now I have a reason to sit in my room , be lazy , and eat all my chocolate and poptarts I got :D 
is eating nerds ropes with < PROPFIRST > and doing nothing else :) 
is thinking no man should ever be in skin tight silver metallic tights .. 
' s freaking room is flooding ... 
is in the process of moving her entire room across the hale and upstairs ... at 3:30 am . So much fun 
can't help but wonder 
should work on unpacking her clothes into her new room . 
can't help but dance right now :) 
currently has a coconut at the bottom of her bed . 
currently is watching movies and eating all the pudding left over from her sack dinners .... call/text , I'm boredd . 
really needed these frozen hot fudge sundae poptarts XD 
wants to go see HP at midnight really really bad . 
is really depressed by the fact that it seems as if she isn't going to see < PROPMALE > Potter at midnight ... stupid buses . 
is crazy excited to go see HP tonight :D 
has to be up for class in 2 hours . Yay ! 
has no roommate until next term 
finished her Jogging final , now it's just time to do my chapter summaries , exercise log . Then it's time to do her homework and all her quizzes for stats , and then study for the test tomorrow . Yay ! 
can't help but love Hawaii :) 
can't seem to sleep at all this week ... 
is never going live last night down 
is killing time doing nothing until work 
is just going to end up getting herself in trouble XD 
is bored out of her mind 
really wants ice cream .. 
can move back into her old room now :D now just to pack everything back up again ... 
can't find her freaking phone ! 
hates how she can't ever remember where she puts things .. 
is packing her room back up to move back .... 
finally is back in her room ... now to just unpack everything again . This calls for music being turned up really loud :) 
has now finished her final :) 2 down , 1 to go ! oh and that paper too .. 
is getting sick and can't sleep ... just what she needs right before her final that matters the most . 
feels like crap , my body aches and my throat hurts like none other , plus the whole not being able to sleep thing sucks too ... not looking forward to work tonight 
is ready for sleep 
is done :) 
met Elder Oaks tonight and shook his hand !!! :D 
has absolutely no voice whatsoever , charades is going to have to be my game the next few days , or < PROPFEMALE > around a pen and a paper 
is crossing her fingers ! 
went swimming at the beach at midnight for the first time :) Pretty freaking sweet ! 
got ambushed with her own camera by Dana ... true story 
has nothing to do all day . Fun stuff 
is so freaking happy ! One of her pictures is going to be published in a book !!!! 
has nothing to do ... as always 
just got off work .. it is almost 1:30 .... and I have class in the morning , yay ! 
thinks there is something wrong with her . I'm not hungry and I haven't eaten since yesterday afternoon . 
might be going to England next summer ! :D 
thinks < PROPMALE > is possessed 
honestly doesn't know how much more she can take of this . It hurts so bad . 
freaking hates whoever it was who called our room at 2 this morning . I was actually sleeping for once ! So much for actually getting some rest for a night 
can't wait for the beach tonight ! 
is so freaking paranoid sometimes . I hate it . 
needs an escape right now . She doesn't want to deal with any of this stuff . 
is completely bored . 
wants to see Valkarie really bad . 
can't help but smile when she hears those certain songs that just make her day better 
is watching the bestest movie of all time ! League of Extraordinary Gentlemen :) 
hates her internet ... so much for watching my movie :( 
has a craving for shrimp and is debating on going to < PROPMALE>'s 
is thinking its really weird seeing all of her friends status's saying they are off to college ... mainly cause I've already been in college for a couple months .. 
is playing Settler's online :D 
' s brain isn't working right now ... and she really needs it too ! 
' s brain isn't working right now ... and she really needs it to ! 
is so happy right now from the fresh from the tree mangoes she got :D 
can't be bothered . 
decided she has nothing better to do than change her status once again 
can't believe there is only a week and half of this term left ! ahh ! 
has a never ending list of things to do . 
= really excited for her day off . Buffalo Wild Wings , Ala Moana , and Kobe with < PROPFIRST > :D 
might be interning for Disney next year :D 
honestly can not wait for this term to be over . And for Tuesday to come , when I find out if I can intern for Disney or not next year :D 
can't believe she can't find her hoodie ... I just got it ... 
wishes she had Mountain Dew right now since there will be no sleep for her the next couple nights . 
has a massive to do list , all for tomorrow ; short story test , my entire term paper , and all my journals . Ew . 
just has her term paper left . Can't wait for this day to be over . 
is happy to be done for the weekend ! 
is excited for acai bowls later :D 
can't believe she's been here for 3 months already ... time sure does fly by fast . 
wants something to do tonight . 
is excited for the day off tomorrow . Minus having to do my study guides ... 
wishes she was braver sometimes . 
just got an amazing package from her mom , it's a freaking party in a box ! 
never thought that she would be stumped at finding something to do in Hawaii ... 
seriously is considering throwing her laptop against the wall right now . 
sadly doesn't have anything to do this lovely Friday night . 
wants to have an Apples to Apples party :D 
is pretty freaking excited to be seeing Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs today :D Off to Kaneohe ! 
keeps wondering if she should really take into consideration going to the culinary school she got accepted to .... 
wants to get a longboard 
wants pizza :D 
is trying to figure out what to do today ... 
is thinking about going to Waimea Bay and then getting acai bowls . Anyone up for it ? 
wants food . As always :) 
wonders if things would get better if she stopped wishing 
can't wait to break into the 4 pounds of oreos she bought :) 
can't wait to go to Waikiki this weekend and eat pancakes ! 
can't stop thinking about things that probably meant nothing . 
hardly ever is right , but when she is , she doesn't want to be it seems . 
is getting her to do list for school done the next two days so when it comes time for the weekend she'll be ready to enjoy it . 
wonders if it's stupid that she misses blowing out candles on a cake ? 
would like to thank everyone for all the happy birthdays ! I had a fantastic one ! :) 
can't sleep .. 
has no idea how to feel about this 
got passed the first interview for Disney ! Now just the phone interview left !!!! 
would have the luck that Daylight Savings Time ends up messing things up ... now another day of stressing out to add ... 
is keeping her fingers crossed . The interview with Disney is over and now I just have to wait 4-6 weeks to find out .. 
has nothing to do . 
gets her freaking longboard today :D So excitedddd ! 
is going to shoot herself from accounting ... 
got freaking Disneyyy !!!!! 
doesn't think she could be happier at this moment :) 
regained possession of her Chucks today after not having them for the past 6 months . I am so excited to have them back that I'm wearing them right now with my pj's :) Thanks Mom , I love you :) 
is tired of the ups and downs on the roller coaster of life . I want just a straight path for a while for once . 
laughs at the fact that she was told that she \aint no white girl\ " Thanks Kikes :D " 
wants to play Scattergories really bad ... anyone up for it ? 
can't wait for finals to be over and to go home for Christmas :) 
is thoroughly upset at people . First someone steals my cookie sheet , now my freaking ice cream . It was even labeled . I hope the ice cream and cookie sheet thief remember that they are breaking one of the commandments . Thou shalt not steal ! 
is crazy excited to play Settlers tonight :D 
is spending her day making cookies :) 
has an army of gingerbread men :D 
wants to go ice skating really badly ... 
thinks she's going to fall asleep in the library today at some point .. 
can't forget to take her econ test tonight after work ! 
wants this semester to hurry up and be over with ... 
hurts all over ... stupid clumsy self .. 
can't help but smile each time 
only has one week until she leaves to go back home for Christmas :D 
would manage to mess up both her ankles withing 10 minutes of each other . I despise things with wheels on them . 
honestly can't believe it's been a year that she's been gone . < PROPFEMALE > , you are missed each and every day and I know you are watching down on us all 
can't wait to go home this week ! Only 4 more days ! 
wants Mexican food really bad ... 
is finally going to bed . 
want to get her mind off of finals for a little while , anyone up for a game of settlers ? 
needs to stop procrastinating , but at the moment , I can't find anything to motivate me to do my work . 
gives up . I think I'm destined to be a failure at life . Wait , I lied , I know I am . :) 
wonders if I lay here , just lay here , would you lie with me , and just forget the world ? 
leaves to go home tomorrow ! There is no way to describe how insanely excited I am :) 
would like to thank all the loving people of Luau who cheered Kikes and Coney on who threw me in the lagoon . If I get sick and die , I blame all of you . 
leaves to come home today ! Ahhhhh ! :D 
loves her friend < PROPFEMALE > SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much and she thinks that < PROPFEMALE > i the cooliest smartest girl in the whole wide world !!! 
really does love < PROPFEMALE > . Next time just tell me and I'll put in on here . Thanks for jacking my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
loves both < PROPFEMALE > Hearne and < PROPFEMALE > Hawker . Happy now ? 
can't help but smile :) 
just got done making macaroni and cheese with Apryll < PROPMALE > at 1 a.m. :D 
can't believe she was talked into downloading < PROPFEMALE > Story again ... 
is hoping for a white Christmas :D 
has nothing to do , woo ! 
doesn't feel like she belongs here anymore . 
is thoroughly excited about the fact that we are under a Blizzard warning right now :) The one thing I wanted most , a White Christmas , is actually looking like it's going to happen ! :D 
wishes everyone a Mele Kalikimaka :) 
can't wait to go sledding :D 
can't wait to play in the snow again today :) 
is off to play < PROPFEMALE > most likely due to the fact that I have nothing to do . 
loves to sled :) 
probably looked like a retard eating snow covered in hot chocolate mix ( which is delicious ) , but luckily I had my bestest friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Zacharias there to make it even better :P 
hurts all over ... can't believe I didn't break anything after that ... thanks for saving me < PROPFEMALE > :) 
finally got StarCraft back :D 
is listening to her family plan a red neck wedding reception for her in April . Over my dead body . 
finally made it back to her room in Hawaii . Home sweet home :) 
thinks her night went pretty good , despite the weather being dumb :) 
has accomplished her first homework assignment/quiz of 2010 . I'm on a roll ! 
has finished her first homework assignment/quiz of 2010 . I'm on a roll ! 
\I feel like I need to be a whale . woumm . \ " Apparently < PROPFEMALE > Hearne needs to be a whale when she hears a sonar bleep . Fantastic times :) " 
blue with polka dots :) 
is watching Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and cleaning her room :) 
loves the fact that MLIA can always make her day better no matter what . 
' s laptop literally broke . Thankfully it still works . I don't know how much more it can take .. 
loves being weird :) 
should sleep .. but I'm just not feelin it right now 
is bored out of her mind on a Friday night ... sadness .. 
is bored . Anyone want to do anything ? 
loves this : \Happy Moments - praise God ;D ifficult Moments - seek God ; Quite Moments - Worship God ; Painful Moments - Trust God ; Every Moment - Thank God \"" 
wants something fun to do . 
is experimenting with making cookies ... we shall see how they turn out .. 
made the awkwardest cookies . 
is making pancakes tonight :) 
wants food . 
is really really bored . Anyone wanna play Apples to Apples , or the Wii , or somethinggg ? 
needs new Chucks , hers are dying :( 
was thoroughly excited about getting her new Chucks until they decided to tell her after she placed her order that they were out of stock . 
:) 
has nothing to do .. 
is baking :) 
found glow bracelets :) 
once again is bored . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ... play Scattegories , the Wii , Apples to Apples , or somethingg ? Anything to get me out of my stupid room . :) 
loves that cooking always can make her feel better . 
will be baking for the next few hours :) 
has a few dozen cookies , anyone want some ? 
probably should be more productive and pay attention in class rather than just being on Facebook . 
hopes her teacher accepts her term paper topic proposal about procrastination :) 
burned her back bad ... :( 
loves the fact she's from Louisiana right now ! Go Saints ! 
\I wish I was black so I could sing like that\ " You're awesome like that < PROPFIRST > ... :) " 
just wants this semester to be over with already ... 
' s term paper officially is on procrastination :) 
is tired of getting her hopes up and then walking away with nothing . 
is wondering if anyone else wants to come along to Dole Plantation and then go get giant pancakes after ? Just let me or Trixie Lokaret know :D 
loves scuba diving and is now officially certified ! The only bad part is the massive sunburn on her back ... 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for killing the cockroaches in the kitchen :) 
is debating on how short she should cut her hair tomorrow ... 
is gonna go to Foodland tonight . Anyone wanna come ? 
just got done eating biscuits and gravy . Delicious :) 
is off to Kaneohe to chop off all her hair :P 
had a wall attack her toe today leaving it bruised , bloody , and painful . Fantastic . 
is making cookies again :) 
' s cookies are done , time to finish up with making salsa :) 
needs to pay attention to where she throws things . Otherwise she could end up hitting < PROPFIRST > Brinton in the head again with something much more dangerous than a biscuit . 
is wondering what to do ... 
wants brownies . 
is making brownies :) 
keeps procrastinating writing her paper on procrastination ... 
just made breakfast casserole :) Nothing like breakfast for diner :) 
wishes she had someone to hold her and not ask any questions as to what is wrong . 
is making doughnuts :) 
has had too many doughnuts for her own good in the past couple days ... but they were so good :P 
just found out we are under a tsunami warning . Awesome . 
is just waiting ... waiting for the tsunami to come and go so we can be done with it . 
survived the tsunami ! Yay ! Even if it only was only 3 feet big ... 
is making jambalaya :) 
PC or Mac ... decisions decisions .. 
should have just stayed home from work tonight like she as supposed too 
is glad she went to culture night :) Now it's time to blog about the best thing in the world , food ! 
is physically , mentally , and emotionally drained right now . 
is making stuffed french toast :) 
made a massive pot of mashed potatoes , and they are pretty dang good if I must say . 
is making spinach and ricotta stuffed shells and a < PROPFEMALE > custard thingamabob tonightt 
has tonights menu all ready . Pepper stuffing and green chili stew :) 
would like to thank < PROPFIRST > N . Macariola and Rommel Lactaoen for covering me in stamps today . 
' s computer died . Fantastic . I have a new one on the way though on Tuesday :D 
just got back from Kaneohe , tonight was fantastically fun :) 
is making more food :) 
is getting sick . So much fun . 
is making mashed potatoes and roast chicken :) 
wants her laptop to hurry up and get here ! 
loves her laptop :) 
has issues with technology . First my computer , then my phone . If I don't reply to your text it's because my phone decided to have a mind of it's own . Grr .. 
' s debating on switching schools . 
is counting down the days . Just three more weeks of school left :) 
can't wait for Thursday :) 
should be packing right now ... 
isn't motivated at all to do school . I just want it to be over with . 
is trying to decide what to do tonight .. 
woke up with a big smile on her face :) Today is going to be a great day , I've already decided that :) 
needs to go to Foodland today ... 
had a fantastic night :D I highly recommend seeing How to Train Your Dragon :) 
has officially decided to change her < PROPMALE > :) 
has no idea what on earth that was about ... 
has 7 days of school left , 13 days before she leaves Hawaii , 14 until she gets home , and 21 days until she flies down to Florida to see the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Fishcakes Salmen , and then 26 days until her first day of Disney . So much to do in so little time ! 
' s phone has officially died . Awesome . This is not my year for electronics . 
loves how you make me dance like a fool , forget how to breathe , shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , just the thought of you can drive me wild , Ohh you make me smile :) 
kind of loves her new phone :) 
doesn't even know where to start . I don't want to do all my stuff for English . I can't wait to be done with that class . 
' s last day of work . Should be fantasticccc 
Ìwould like to thank everyone at luau for the wonderful goodbye tonight ! There is nothing like 4 buckets of ice water and a tray of haupia and coconut cak 
Ìe to end her last day at Hale Aloha . Love you guys ! 
would like to thank everyone at luau for the wonderful goodbye tonight ! There is nothing like 4 buckets of ice water and a tray of Haupia and coconut cake to end her time at Hale Aloha ! Love you guys ! I'll miss you ! 
couldn't be happier :) 
' cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do , nothing to lose , and it's you and me and all other people , and I don't know why , I can't keep my eyes off of you 
is eating crab . It's complicated . 
has no words to describe how happy she is :) 
finally is getting her hotdog after stopping 6 times to find a place that has them . Sonic : 1 Gas stations : 0 
can't wait to get to West Palm Beach to see < PROPFEMALE > Fishcakes Salmen ! One more day ! 
had a productive day today . She stole a car . 
is having a dance party with < PROPFEMALE > Fishcakes Salmen :D Fantastic ! 
Dear trains , I hate you . 
is at Planet Hollywood in Downtown Disney ! :) 
just found out where she works at Disney . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s at the Grand Floridian and Spa . Apparently the most expensive place to eat at on Disney property . This should be fun :D 
' s kitchen sink is overflowing . Fantastic . 
Tower of terror here I come ! 
Really now ? 
has the best boyfriend ever ! < PROPFIRST > Tabua , you are amazing ! :) 
really dislikes some of these Facebook thingamabobs . 
has officially pre-ordered Starcraft 2 . I can't wait until July 27th when I get it :) 
is indeed making brownies at 2 in the morning . :D 
just got done watching Toy Story 3 . Freaking fantastic :D 
is at Kobe with her roommates :) 
always messes things up somehow ... 
is pretty freaking excited that < PROPFIRST > Tabua is coming to the mainland to visit her in September !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
felt like parts of eclipse were like a really bad daytime soap opera ... 
loves having skype dates with her boy :) 
wants to do something ..... 
just finished making brisket at 2 am . I feel accomplished today already :D 
just saw a ginormous red lobster on top of a red punch bug .... 
is off to Potter world at Universal ! 
has 40 days until she finally gets to see < PROPFIRST > Tabua again ! 
has just one more week until Starcraft 2 comes out ! Heck yessss ! 
currently is installing StarCraft 2 . Yep . You should be jealous . :) 
is kind of really upset with Blizzard . Why can't you just make starcraft work with my computer !?!? I don't want to wait 3 more days ! I've already been waiting 3 years ! 
is freaking excited to see < PROPFEMALE > Leschinski and < PROPFEMALE > Massimo ! 
had an amazing 5 days with < PROPFEMALE > Leschinski and < PROPFEMALE > Massimo ! I can't believe it's over all ready .... I want the fun back ! 
has just one more week working for Disney and then only 30 more days until she gets to see < PROPFIRST > Tabua ! I can't wait ! 
had the best dinner of her life last night :) 
is getting ready to go to her last day of work at Disney .... :( I can't wait to see my family though ! 
is in the airport waiting for her flight to leave back to KC .... it's been an amazing time ! I'm going to miss all my roommates ! < PROPFEMALE > Brooksby , < PROPFEMALE > Cosper , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Barnett , and < PROPFEMALE > Compton I love you !!!!!!!!!! 
finally is playing StarCraft 2 ! :D 
had a successful trip to St. < PROPFIRST > :) 
is counting down the days ... 
is at Lightning Fest with her dad ! :D 
has a pretty awesome dad , he got first place in his class at Lightning Fest ! 
\Did you take an awkward pill this morning ? \"" 
is off to pick up < PROPFIRST > Tabua from the airport !!!! FINALLY !!! 
highly doubts anyone will be getting a hold of me this next week ... my phone has been a thing of the past while having her boy here :) 
is getting ready to get on a plane and go back to Hawaii !!!! 
has been traveling for 12 hours and still isn't off the mainland . Almost everything that could possibly gone wrong has . I just wanna be back in Hawaii ! 
is back in Hawaii !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
IS GETTING MARRIED !!!!! AHHHH !!!!!! 
has work , 4 essays to write , 3 chapters to read , questions to answer , and a multitude of other homework items due tomorrow . Thank you first two days of school , thank you . 
just had a restaurant full of people sing \going to the chapel\ " song to her and < PROPFIRST > . That was entertaining :P " 
has one energy drink , a lunchable , pringles , bread pudding , and a dozen doughnuts . All nighter here I come ! 
came home from work to find a beautiful bouquet of flowers ! :) < PROPFIRST > Tabua is the love of my life ! :D 
http://www.safeshare.tv/v/fvUQQF5S4Dg :) 
has loved every single minute of the past 6 months with < PROPFIRST > Tabua :) I can't wait for the next 6 months to go by this fast because then I will be married to him for all time and eternity :) I love him so much ! 
\Dear Food Network 
is going to the Laie < PROPFEMALE>'s open house today ! I'm so exciteddd ! 
would like to thank everyone for all of the wonderful happy birthdays ! 
feels festive , I'm making banana bread in my Halloween apron from Disney :) 
Come on Seasiders , you can beat Provo ! 
Sad day :( 
feels like she is constantly sick ... 
wants it to hurry up and be Thanksgiving . I can't wait to get off this island and not think about school for a whole 4 days ! 
is helping clean the < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Thinks this semester keeps getting more and more depressing 
is on her way to go to the Laie < PROPFEMALE > Dedication ! I'm so excited !!!!! 
is wondering why BYUH is the only school that gets just 2 days off for Thanksgiving , actually , it's the only two days we get off for the whole semester ... :( 
wonders how many people from Microsoft own iPhones/iPods ... 
is at the Train concert ! Heck yesss ! 
can't even put into words how amazing Train was tonight :) 
can't believe the semester is almost done already ... one more week till I'm home and less than 4 months until I get married :) 
has 3 energy drinks , two boxes of wheat thins , a tub of cream cheese , 2 bags of peanut Mn M's , and a bag of Ghirardellii dark chocolate with raspberry filling from < PROPFIRST > Tabua . All night here I come ! 
flies home today ! I can't wait to be there ! 
is grateful for planes . We can travel across the country in 5 hours .. how long did that take the pioneers ? Think about that the next time your flight is delayed . 
is home ! :) 
is off to st. < PROPFIRST > for her dress fitting :) 
is about to leave Missouri ... the next time I'm back I'll be married ... wow ... time flies ... 
is back in the wonderful state of hawaii ! 
Dear clouds , \ 
Please go away , I am in way to good a mood to have you around . 
started the morning off wonderfully with < PROPFIRST > Tabua picking her up at 6 am for work when he doesn't even have class until 7:30 . :) Only 3 more months from today until I get to marry him ! 
Fact of life #1 : When ' Hey Soul Sister ' by Train comes on it automatically makes your day better and makes you smile ( and sing ... and dance ) 
Fact of Life #2 : It really stinks finding out that you owe the government money for taxes when you are a broke college kid . 
Fact of Life #3 : If you don't have any candles for someone's birthday cake , just use a lighter for a single candle then , or if you just don't have the money too . 
Fact of life #4 : If you don't like what people say about you , then maybe you should prove them wrong . 
Fact of life #5 : Good food makes for a good life . 
Fact of life #6 : It's never to late at night to make brownies . 
Fact of Life #7 : Hot Topic will never be the same now that they < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bieber shirts . 
Fact of Life #8 : You never know when you are going to affect someone's life , so be happy ! 
< PROPFIRST > Tabua is a butt head !!!! :D \ 
\ 
Per < PROPMALE > Naka 
got her all white Chucks for the wedding :D 
had a wonderful Valentines Day with her < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Tabua ! 
has her wedding dress ! :) 
dislikes the Hawaii sun when it melts her keys on her laptop 
got her wisdom teeth pulled . Ouch . 
Hey everyone , we are finishing up getting all the invitations together for the wedding , if you would like one please be sure to let me know what your address is as soon as possible ! :) 
is going to Maui in two weeks :D 
just bought 5 boxes of Girl Scout cookies . BEST DAY EVERRR ! 
Just got home from being evacuated . All is well for now , we are still in an advisory though , so I'm crossing my fingers it stays that way . 
is on her way to Maui :) 
The Melting Pot = love 
Go BYUH ! Final Four here we come ! 
Dear Research Paper , \ 
Why can't you just write yourself , it would make life so much simpler . 
is off to pick up her parents at the airport :D 
