O-H !!! 

Watching LOTR , I realized that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > looks just like < PROPMALE > \The Rock\ " < PROPMALE >." 
is three degrees from < PROPFIRST > Bacon 
GRADUATED !!!!!!!!! 
goes straight to work . Type type type . Tick tick tock . Kachunk kachunk kachunk . ( That's the sound a stapler makes for those who don't know . ) 
smells like hospital ... stupid pre-surgery medical scrub . It's all good though , cuz tomorrow she becomes a ROBOT ZOMBIE !!! 
wonders what kind of a person her knee was in his past life . 
will miss Comfest AGAIN this year ... stupid < PROPMALE > ... 
must fix sleep schedule 
is headed back to < PROPMALE > today . Back to the grind tomorrow , with her ' minor ' complication . 
loves her friends 
Happy Birfday < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
likes poultry people best because they fill in their forms neatly and completely . 
thought it would be different . Silly < PROPFEMALE > 
plans to buy a farm and raise everyone's favorite livestock : cheese ! 
will be undertaking the first half of the great American tradition in 10 days ... now , about that striking gold ... 
One Week 
<3 NYC 
is sooo ready to go ... mentally . Lots of packing left ... 
had planned to give Oregon Trail themed updates of her journey west , but quickly learned that there is no internet on the Oregon Trail . In Salt Lake City for the night . Will reach my new home tomorrow !!! 
will have a second helping of job , please ... Thank you ! Oh , and while you're at it , I'm in the market for a house as well . 
danced with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s old dance partner . I <3 the Bay ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
thinks soy sauce is risky 
is amazed by the foresight of that fortune cookie 
thinks she will stay ... which is for the best , cuz there's no money for going back ... 
has a interview !!! Let's see if I can ring in a third job ! 
is spending her first night in the NEW APARTMENT !!!!!!!!! 
moving day moving day moving day ... GO BUCKS !!! 
has a gig ! 
made Facebook go upside down ! 
will drive . 
went over the < PROPFEMALE > Gate Bridge today ! I looked to my left and didn't see the ocean , but I knew it was there ... :-) 
was a bit less than productive today ... 
sells herself nothing . 
just made the next five months significantly more complicated ... but way funner ! 
needs furniture . 
wins job #3 ... do i have time for a fourth ? 
will be down to two jobs very soon , and only one even sooner , and the hunt begins ... 
is ending the mini-vacay . Good-bye < PROPFEMALE > Florida , hello rainy San < PROPFIRST > and noisy children . 
is home sweet home . Early morning , to bed to bed . 
is doing doing doing doing doing doing . 
has a job interview tomorrow !!! Wish me luck ! 
got the job ! Thanks for all of the positive energy !!! 
should probably go to sleep . 
had a good day . Nothing particularly exciting ... just good 
made a child cry . Oops . 
thinks she and her new friend , paycheck , will get along juuuust fine 
Hey , remember that time when I only ate boxes of tangerines .... 
is gonna go to work on Monday morning !!! 
likes job 
wants as much energy as fourteen 9 year-olds who live on a mountain ... 
bed please 
DAS West Coast ! Halloween Edition : All your old favorites , including Lust for Dracula and Terror Tunes ... because < PROPMALE > lost the fight over who had to take it 
Why is it that the sims are better at my life than I am ? 
RAWR 
joined Twitter ! Follow her : JannyLuWho 
likes hiking ! 
Wrote the play ! \X\ " is ready for production ... again ... " 
Got a new haircut , another job , a bed , and the Buckeyes won ! Definitely a good day . 
He can afford to be easygoing when he sitting on me and sucking me dry . 
Time zones are stupid . Let's go back to sundials . 
It's 11:20 pm EST , 10:20 pm Central , 9:20 pm Mountain , and 8:20 Pacific , and guess what ? MICHIGAN STILL SUCKS !!!!!!!!! 
should find a new profile photo ... 
GO BUCKS ! 
Tonight I learned that Death has a horse . The horse's name is Binky . 
\Ain't it just a little scary sometimes to find the lies that you know to be true ? I find you smiling ' bout things you don't have to do . \"" 
Research , writing and work today ... TURKEY tomorrow !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm grateful for my surrogate family who are so loving and supportive even when my biological family is so far away ! I'm also grateful for my biological family who love and encourage me no matter how many < PROPMALE > from home we are !!! 
My first Black Friday shift ever ... followed immediately by my second . Here's to working 8am-11pm ... and then going to a bar with co-workers after . 
is doing that whole go to two jobs in one day thing again ... 
hates that sappy movies make her cry , yet at the same time is grateful to have the ability to cry 
feels much better 
Awesome ! Try this on your facebook page : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it worked for you ! 
Wishes she could skip class without consequences ... sigh , adulthood 
The universe is a strange and wonderful place . Today I'm feeling grief and gratitude , and as always , love . 
Back at home . With brand new flannel sheets -- no more sleeping in a sleeping bag !!! Thanks Mom ! 
can't decide whether it's flattering or creepy to be hit on by strangers ... 
California lied to me !!! It was colder in San < PROPFIRST > today than it was in < PROPMALE > . Lame , < PROPFEMALE > State , lame . 
After a long day of tweetin , workin , plannin , meetin , writin , analyzin , researchin and schmoozin , it is time for sleepin and dreamin . <3 all 
loves her friends , near and far 
loves love 
is sick . Boooooo . 
thinks shooting a film tomorrow without any voice will be tres interesting ... 
needs to come up with a new plan 
I had a thought ... and then I lost it 
The unproductive parts of today were really unproductive . Luckily the productive parts were really productive . 
just experienced her first earthquake as a California resident . Was on the phone with a patron and so couldn't even acknowledge it was happening . Did I pass inititation ? 
Good day . Let's have another one tomorrow , please . 
Day Fail . 
Life gave us a crap-ton of lemons today . We decided we didn't have enough sugar for lemonade , so we're gonna buy some < PROPFEMALE > and throw ourselves a party . 
\ ... or shall I do what the Romans have done for the last 15 years . Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . My mind is made up . \"" 
Checking out the radar map for this , my first Californian thunderstorm , and realized the weather's coming from the wrong direction ! Straight up the map , south to north ... weird ... 
One of these days I'll get the sleepin schedule fixed up right proper ... until then , hello baggy black circles , my old friends . 
was on Facebook all day and didn't know it ... oops . Sorry to those of you who attempted contact and were left hanging . I hope to speak soon ! 
Let's NOT get swine flu ! 
90s Dance Party at work !!! 
will work for furniture 
BINDLEPUNKS !!! Check out our fan < PROPFEMALE > to see what's new ! 
WRITER'S BLOCK . Do you have to actually be a writer for it to apply ? 
Fin . All written . Wonder if I get a nap now ? 
Sleepy sleepy time . It's 28 hours past my bedtime ... 
' s phone fell in the toilet ... and the answer to your question ... is yes . I'll be stopping by AT&T today ... 
feels lost without a phone . Wednesday cannot come soon enough . 
It's my Lunar Birthday !!! Happy Mardi Gras !!! 
Has phone ! 
Must get up ... looong list of things to do today ... 
wonders when the Borders Rewards program began depriving people of citizenship . 
Eeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiPhone 
is displeased with iPhone . No one likes a tease . 
is pleased with iPhone . Thank goodness people is still smarter than technology ! 
is just dandy today . 
what would be the point of being born a woman if you didn't know one day the world would break your heart ~ Trojan Women 2.0 
< PROPFEMALE > Streisand DVD : $17.99 at Borders\ 
Nine Blu-Ray : $26.99 at Borders\ 
Finding Borders sale-price stickers all over the bottoms of my shoes after work : Priceless 
I'm kinda bad at this grown-up thing ... also kind of awesome at it ... 
Oh hi weekend , I didn't see you there . 
Work work work promotion ! 
Oh yeah , I can do this :-) 
I think I need to get my eyes checked ... words don't look right lately ... 
Sexual harrassment training TWICE in one week ?! What is the universe telling me ?... 
will not be checking into < PROPMALE > this go-round in Ohio . Turns out she's passed the klutz on to < PROPFIRST > Grusy . Will need to take care of broken-ankled mommy ... who assures that she doesn't need taking care of ... 
I'm sitting next to a guy in an Ohio State hat ! More Buckeye sightings expected as I get closer to the Buckeye State ... 
It's amazing the things you find yourself capable of when love is involved 
Just met < PROPMALE > Asner ! I'm going to miss this job . 
Thanksgiving dinner tonight was amazing . ( Gearing up for November . Gotta get my practice laps in . ) 
What is there to say ? I love you . Thank you for always being there for me . Thank you for being so good to my mom ; I'll always remember that . I'm a better person because I knew you . I'll miss you , < PROPMALE > . 
Is experiencing < PROPFEMALE > vu . Having not been to O'Hare in over ten years , it's crazy that that creepy disco moving neon light tunnel between concourses gives me a sense of familiarity and the warm fuzzies . 
Met another Buckeye at the Borders yesterday ! He grew up in Mayfield and now lives in < PROPMALE > ! I wished him safe travels back home and he said O-H ... and then I said I-O !!! It was awesome . \ 
\ 
And then I found $10 . 
Mmm . Safeway brand Crunchberries cereal . Today's gonna be a good day . 
My mouth tastes like envelopes ... 
Flying back to the place that's high in the middle and round on the ends ! 
Isn't quite sure about this facebook places thing , but is pretty sure she enjoyed watching \The Dark Knight\ " over and over on her flight to < PROPMALE > . Why so serious ? " 
< PROPMALE > is colder than San Jose ... and I didn't pack a jacket 
Gettin my sweater-vest on 
Just found her high school letter jacket . Oh the memories 
I forgot about roundabouts in Ohio ! 
Where the s *** did all this glitter come from !?!?!? \ 
In other news , CONGRATULATIONS < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
I've got two hours to kill at LAX . What shall I do ? 
That's the third Starbucks I've passed since landing . I'm either walking in circles , or I'm in LA 
Leaving work early . Anyone wanna bring me some chicken noodle soup ? 
will eat his heart in the marketplace . \ 
Just saw a brilliant Much Ado . Well done Cal Shakes ! 
is loving that Hulu has reached a status befitting < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Vuitton commercials . ' Tis a new < PROPFEMALE > in internets entertainments . 
Dislikes overnights ... except for the company ... and < PROPFEMALE>'s music . 
What should I go as for Halloween : a vampire or < PROPFEMALE > ( beloved children's book character) ? 
Yoda says \Impossible to lick the future is . \"" 
The melatonin supplement is supposed to make me sleep better at night , not make me oversleep for work EVERY day . Womp womp . 
\Do you work here ? \ " \ 
What's the best way to predict the winner of a presidential election ? Halloween mask sales ... the candidate who sells the best always wins the election 
NARF !!! 
Is wondering how she used to keep a schedule like this for two years straight 
thinks this was a lovely morning for a swim . Next time , though , she will wait until AFTER work 
is cold ... must ... reach ... thermostat ... so ... far ... 
... set the oven on fire ... woops ... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FACEBOOKLAND !!! 
survived her first Black Friday in retail !!! 
managed to accomplish several tasks on her day off , yet still feels like she could have been more productive ... 
wondering why all British movies start with the death of someone's parents 
gooood day 
Stupid back strain . Thank goodness for back braces 
work work work ... then ... San < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
woke up at 11:45 . This makes her the early riser in the house . I love vacation . 
Minty fell on the ground . Now Minty's covered in poo cuz Minty fell on the ground for just a moment or two 
Minty fell on the ground . Now Minty's covered in poo cuz Minty fell on the ground for just a moment or two ! It's becoming evident that he is covered in excrement , but never fear cuz Minty's here to make sure Christmas is excellent ! 
Went to target . Turns out my childhood toys are being marketed now as \classics \"" 
Puh puh puh poker til 5am ... with < PROPFEMALE > Christmas stakes 
I have no idea what's going on right now , < PROPMALE > . No , I will not play reindeer games with you tonight ! 
Four in the morning , crapped out , yawning ... Time for bedsies 
can has new job 
Having been separated from my phone for the last 6 hours , I would like to say GO BUCKS !!!!!!!!! O-H !!! 
It's January 5th , and there's a man mowing the apartment lawn . I love California . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
Apparently the market for automated carwashes in California is small . Though there's an abundance of hand-carwashing services available . 
January in downtown San Jose : I'm in a summer dress with my sunglasses on , sitting in a city park . It never ceases to amaze me :-) 
Are piggy banks the new thing ? Seriously , I'm seeing them EVERYWHERE . 
Oh my god ! It smells like a hamster !!! 
TO DO :\ 
Buy light bulbs\ 
sandpaper\ 
Vodka\ 
< PROPFEMALE > litter\ 
lemons 
I know it's been a long time since Bay Area meteorologists have seen frozen precipitation , but there's no way this weather is snow weather ! 
Go to your profile . \ 
-The top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Munich , < PROPFEMALE > Gretamar , < PROPFIRST > ' < PROPFIRST > nyko ' Kolasinski , < PROPFEMALE > Sundrud , < PROPFEMALE > Walsh\ 
Well , I don't know if we'll survive , but we'll sure have fun on the way down !!! 
