anouther long week ahead catering for Sony , money , money , money , its always < PROPFEMALE > in a < PROPMALE > mans world ... 

we are opening for breakfast tomorrow for any of you who might be hungry at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > ( pun not intended ) so swing in we will be offering fresh baked muffins , scones and as the week moves along Im thinking some breakfast sandwiches , breakfast pizzas , what have you ... 
theres just something about the crisp crackel of < PROPFEMALE > brush burning is the wild and the stagnent stench of rotting flesh in the noon day sun that always keeps me to the edge of my seat 
simple spectator , harnessed with witnessing the massacre , the spectacle , the undoing of our time The conquest , The concurred , the fire burns , as the fire consumes , as for the spectator watches with poised intent 
Wonderers thing to wander the depth or twilight , trip the wire and stumble through the unknown 
Where to roam when all there is are rode blocks 
Poetry and the written word is were it is at for me , those of you who know me know that and I would love to pen something nice right now ( leave one thing wrong for someone to get stuck on ) but I just want to send out an invite to the FoodPerfected < PROPFEMALE > and of course offer an open invitation to come on down and sample our fare 
In a wuind swept room , the temper ever mounting he saw his quest and took it 
ode to this palis carved of flesh and bone , ode to the chariot that led me home , ode to the prisum of preceptions will , ode to the harvest's ill 
Placid tormenter standing limp in the nocturnal specter , why wont you rise up and face your foe ? Sticky hot and humid his aggressor eggs him on , lunging forward in a sickening ballet of unconformity , he attempts to regain his composure , thwarted yet again he falls back defeated , cringing in the unwelcoming arms of solitude 
Overwhelmed , the preacher in a moment of sheer despair succume , he wept and as he fell to his knees defeated , and in that moment it accrued to him the need griping him like a vice was for not and the arcane traditions of life consumed by false hope and err rational prophesies fell off like the shackles of a domed religion 
Om du kann läsa det har , då vill jag vet varför 
Just as one mans support is another mans crutch So to one mans crutch is another mans leverage 
As many of you know FoofPerfected has been working on the new website for some time now , and we have re launched it so take a moment and check it out www.foodperfected.com and let us know what you think 
Had a great time last night \Helena Welander\ " ;{ ) > thanks !! and don't worry this won't get back to anybody we know ... ;{ ) > " 
Arty blia 
I saw on wickapeda ( however you spill it ) that < PROPFIRST > steele died but nothing in the new anyone have any insite ? 
Thats fun , < PROPFEMALE > Anka ( a Swedish lady who is married to < PROPFIRST > Anka , but got famous because of a tv show she is part of in Sweden ) came by yesterday for a meeting at our place , and wrote about it on her blog , at one point we were talking about christmas food and she basicly told me that I could do her \julbord\ " I said \ " ok \"" 
$6.98 for a bag of Turkisk Peppar same bag you get in Sweden for like 10 :-( kr ) only here it would cost you 56 :-( kr ) , and you thought Sweden was expensive ! 
Just did the New Port Film Fest ( Swedish Spotlight ) last night , 350 guests and by all accounts it was a big success ! 
Yesterday I was talking to my friend < PROPMALE > about some kool songs to play the next time < PROPFIRST > came to L.A. and singers that fit my range Dio was right up there and I went home and threw on Self portrait , love that song , loved his stuff with rainbow , elf and sabbath 
Taste the serpent , its flesh cold beside you 
15 minute and I am out of here ! 
I sware photo shop wants to start something with me , Im sitting here in my office its sunday and photoshop wants to kick sand in my face !! About ready to jump out of my skin ! 
drinking a glass of wine , I know big suprise right ? well heres a toast to Swedens national day , skal !! 
about ready to yank my teath out anyone have an hour or so to help prevent me from messing up my perfect smile ? 
Ok , it looks like we will be opening the cafe again next week , so come on down and show the love !!! 
We've been working on a new add campain , jag vill att ni ska läsa det , und glauben sie mir das ist gut !! 
Ok jeder , den ich habe einen Teil meiner neuen Manu Gesendet deckt bitte einen Moment Zeit nehmen und sehen , was Sie denken , dank 
ok allahoppa < PROPFEMALE > har compleated några av våra nya menyer se vad du tycker 
Ok everyone we have finished some of our new menu sleaves check um out see what you think 
Nächste Woche wird das Cafe geöffnet sein und wir werden das Frühstück , Mittag-und frischen Backwaren werden < PROPMALE > Come on ! 
Lunes 21 de junio el café se reapertura , < PROPFEMALE > damos la bienvenida a todos 
Das Café ist geöffnet ! 
Good night cruel world !! 
My phone has been conking out on me on and off all morning so if you phone me and I dont answere thats why , leave a message after the beep and I'll get back to you as soon as I am able 
Look out < PROPMALE > , I'm coming for you !!! 
Good night crule world 
Again cruel world you rip the day out from under me and I am left but to lay my weary head down once more ! 
Cruel world you fill me with dreams of reliving the day , leave me to realing and wanting to stay 
Cruel world once again , we come to the end 
Cruel world you taunt me with dancing girls , cheep booze , and cigarettes 
Cruel world you intoxicate me with the sultry scent of the city 
did my weekly sushi < PROPFEMALE > , this time with my cus TZ , was nice I hope we can < PROPFEMALE > on da tradision , as for my cuzz < PROPFEMALE > ( that slacker ) is Sweden I think its about time she stops holding back and comes out for sushi here in Kalif . 
Cruel world , how you tempt me so ... 
Whos excited about the new season of < PROPMALE > coming soon ??? 
Wot I just found out \Dexter\ " has its season premier on the 26th of September which also just happens to be my sister's birthday so you can imagine I've never looked forward so much to that day before in my life ! " 
I have been trying to finish a project Iv been working very hard on , I know some of you have tried phoning , its been very important that I finish what I've been working so sorry if I'v been hard to reach , it should all be made clear very soon , just try and bare with me a little bit longer ... 
Going to look at some spaces , should be interesting 
Hara sushi , the whiskey a go go , the < PROPFEMALE > on the rox , and da rainbow !! 
Good night crule world ... 
I like \it\ " were ever I can get \ " it \"!" 
woops someone most be thinking about me , cause just looked at the clock a few minutes ago and it was 10:10 on 10/10/10 ... 
Today da lads are having a spa day , the mobile groomers will be here at 1:00 ( 13:00 ) Titan and Guben are beginning to work on their winter coat so they need some love ! 
Our “deep fried cheese cake” , cheese cake : mix egg yokes , sugar & vanilla add cream cheese and crème fraîche , pure onto a sheet pan , bake on medium temp until a tooth pick comes out clean ( about 45 < PROPFEMALE > ) crust : ( gram cracker crumbs , sugar , butter a touch of vanilla ) , when cake is cool enough to handle cut/scoop out and cover in crust , “freeze well” just before service fry up a few at a time , circa a < PROPFEMALE > ute , and serve ! 
Great a black out ! 1800 people affected so far , and I'm one of them ! Well I guess this is a good time to go do sushi ... 
Heart stopper of the day “deep fried b.b.q. pizza” brush pizza dough w/ < PROPFEMALE > oil , dust w/ chili flakes & oregano , add b.b.q. sauce , smoked chicken , fire roasted peppers , tomatoes , red onion’s , mozzarella , smoked gouda and parmesan cheese bake , cool roll up , use tooth picks to hold together , dip in beer or tempura batter , fry until < PROPFEMALE > , drain on paper towels cut into spiral slices garnish with cilantro & scallions 
I have it on prety good word that < PROPFEMALE > Anka i shosting tonights Hollywoodeeneve , If i didn't have to work tomorrow morning Id be there every swedish person in town will be thereb so if you are swedish and looking to party in L.A. varsagod ! party SCANDINAVIAN FRIGHT NIGHT !!!! \ 
Tonight 10- 2.30 am !!! \ 
@ Club MI69077 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > BlvdWest Hollywood\ 
I'm soooo excited , can't wait !!! :) ? ? 
I just heard a horrifying statistic 59,000,000 people in the U.S. went with out health care this year ! That includes the most basic of care ! 
Happy Holidays ! 
Im not sure but I just saw something that I wonder about wonder if anybody can confirm did they make a movie about Cornelis , and if so how do I get a copy ? 
Been a crazy couple of weeks !! moved out of our place am activly looking for a new place , will check out a kitchen tomorrow and Thursday , keep your fingers crossed ! 
Saw a great kitchen today , we'll see what happens ... 
Feeling engulfed with the holy spirit , no wait make that wine 
What'I don't know what happened I was testing my know how on something and then something weird happened I didn't write it at any rate ... s on your mind ? 
Just took a najs foot bath , and my feet feel great ! 
A Swede and Check go hiking when attacked by bears , the Swede runs down the hill to the rangers station , and tells his story , later they find the bears were the Swede says they are , the Swede indicates the larger of the two , as the ranger shoots the smaller , bewildered the Swede says \why didn’t you shoot the other one ?!!! \ " The ranger simply replies \ " I never trust a Swede who says the check is in the mail \"" 
For all of you foodperfected friends we have moved and are no longer located on Cotner Ave . You can still reach us by phone 310.849.1949 , we also have an new alternate number : 424.256.3766 
Just bought some new sheets 100% Egyptian cotton , 1500 thread cound , I can't wait to go to sleep ! 
