Well I survived one teenager ( Happy 20th birthday < PROPFIRST > ) I suppose I can do three more now . 

just got back from getting < PROPFIRST>'s braces on . She's so excited ! 
Happy Father's Day !!! 
had fun playing Password last night and now has kids sacked out all over the house . 
Fear is easy . Dare to be optimistic ! 
I like turtles . 
is back from the cabin and getting ready to be in the < PROPMALE > parade tomorrow . 
had a great day with family being vikings , having a BBQ , kicking and chipping golf balls and blowin stuff up . 
He was calling from his office at the Center for Peace and Democracy . 
is at the library in Sultan . We will be at the cabin until Sunday . 
is home . 
I seem to lack the will to remove myself from the computer . 
is home from getting the cabin ready for our first renter ! Yay !!! 
Just for fun .... If you are reading this , even if we do not speak often , please post a comment with a memory of you and I . When you are finished , post this into your own status update and see what happens ! 
is wishing Mom a Happy Birthday !!! 
Thank you for your continued prayers and thoughts for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
is thankful for the outpouring of love for < PROPMALE > , and for our family as we try to figure out how to go on without him . Loving all the happy memories and stories that are being shared . He was and is still so dear to me . Love and thanks you to all ! 
is an ink cartridge . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! Love to all ! 
is headed to Desert Aire . 
is having a Lost marathon with all the sick kids . 
come see me at the Spook Shop . 
Thank you veterans ! 
is missing < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to the cabin . 
< PROPMALE > rocked The Nutcracker ! 
Hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! We pretty much played video games and ate pie , so ... it was good ! 
Celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s 21st birthday ! 
is wondering if Wells Fargo would consolidate the 12 gift cards I have with $1.19 left on them . 
Okay , white . 
my laptop died . 
umm ... LOST !!! 
is celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s 14th birthday ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Peeps ! <3 
i so did not need to eat the whole Haagan Dazs ice cream . blah . thought i was in Vegas on the way home with the giant flashing chipendales sign . 
Congratulations Canada ! Great game !!! 
: ) 
The power of the twelve year old girl ... I so don't get the American Idol boy choices . 
I'm off to the cabin for a few days . 
I was in the middle of a really good dream last night and then I got < PROPMALE > rolled . 
There is very little we can gain from those who share all of our views about the world . By surrounding ourselves with people who agree with us , we buffer ourselves from reality , choosing for ourselves the lens by which we see . It is those who most diametrically oppose us in philosophy and practice who can be our greatest teachers . 
If I can find myself so completely aligned with any particular ideology that I do not disagree at all , I have checked my brain at the door and allowed someone else to do my thinking for me . Independant thought is born of any real search for truth . 
... and the round headed buffoon that is < PROPFIRST > Pilkington . 
“God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . ” 
Of all the memories I could take with me , this would top them all .........? 
Conner , my 13 year old , said to me in the car yesterday , \ It just occurred to me how truly strange you are . \ " Hahahaha ! " 
\Even the smallest person can change the course of the future\ " — Galadriel ( Lord of the Rings ) " 
\Certainty of death . Small < PROPMALE > of success . What are we waiting for ? \ " -Gimli " 
More teenage quotes , from Christian , the fifteen year old this time , when I didn't agree to do what he wanted ... \You were much more malleable when you were half asleep . \ " HAha !!! Precious ! He's off to < PROPFEMALE > now with his Youth Government delegation . Only two teenagers remain to try to shape and mold me to their will . : )) " 
Happy Mother's Day , Moms !!! Especially my own wonderful Mommy ! 
is loving spring ! 
is leaving for the weekend . 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there , especially mine ! 
is off to the cabin for some work and hopefully relaxation . 
We've been off the internet for a couple days ... have been rewiring the house . 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > a HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! 
It was so fun to get all of the wonderful birthday wishes ! Thank you !! Had a great day at the cabin with the family . Bought myself some fun stuff in < PROPMALE > and relaxed by the river . I'm sipping a glass of wine in the dark now . Just listened to a train go by . Now I'm hearing what I hope is just a raccoon outside ... right ? 
I have two extra tickets to the American Idol concert tonight at Key Arena at 7:30 , if anyone would like to go ... 
We considered not even going to the American Idol concert this year , but after the concert I'm thinking this year was possibly the most talented overall . Surprising ! 
Have computer for the first time now . Jus ttyped a big long thing , then accidently erased it . Thank you so much for your prayers , comments , love , help and offers of help ! Colby was hit on his motorcycle by a < PROPFIRST > failing to yeild on Tuesday at about 6:15 ... 
< PROPFIRST > is in surgery to repair the incision in his leg and see what they could do with his ankle . 
< PROPFIRST > is in recovery and we are waiting to speak to the surgeon ... 
Surgery went well , they worked on his legs , partially closed the wound , put more steel in for the ankle , assessed his knee , which has multiple ligament damage . His stats are still good . He is headed back to recovery now ... 
< PROPFIRST > is resting in the ICU . They're keeping him pretty drugged so he can rest up after the surgery . He will be on ventilation for awhile , but his stats are looking better than they have been . Thank you for all your prayers and well wishes for < PROPFIRST > . It means a lot to everyone here . 
< PROPFIRST > is a bit more alert , which is good and difficult . They are cutting back his sedation to try to reduce the anxiety of coming in and out . Praying for lower BP , better oxygen saturation as they turn his oxygen levels down and that he would be calm . He is understanding more and it is scary for him , obviously . Hoping to get off ventilation by tomorrow if all goes well . 
So touched by messages from loved ones , old friends and even total strangers ... we all so appreciate your prayers and positive thoughts on < PROPFIRST>'s behalf ! 
< PROPFIRST > is responding more quickly to us now . His eyes can focus on us and he nods or shakes his head . BP is down a bit , digestion is working , has been having pain in his stomach , that seemed to help . Oxygen still really needs to stabilize so he can get rid of the ventilator . 
FYI ... lots of people coming tomorrow ... for those of you from my circle , I am on the night shift tonight and could possibly be asleep until early afternoon . That's optimistic , but still . Just so you know . 
< PROPFIRST>'s temperature is normal at the moment . Wow ! We want his heart rate to come down . It's been consistently about 145+ for a long time . They don't really know why . Ventilator will need to be in for a while . He has some broken ribs and vertebrae . Too painful for normal breathing just yet . His arm and his pelvis are bothering him he has a small pelvis fracture and his arm is just banged up . 
< PROPFIRST > has fluid on his lungs that they think is causing the high heartrate . Would like to see that resolve . They are postponing his surgery for tomorrow , they were going to try to close his openleg incision , because of the lung issue and the heartrate . They put him on a morphine drip . Waking up a lot today . 
Just posted by < PROPFEMALE > Miller , a dear friend of Colby's: Please read !!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s oxygen levels in his blood are much better , which is a good step toward getting the ventilator out . Heart rate is still high , fever is back up- not sure why . He likes being on his left side , lots of contusions on the right , so I think it just hurts . Morphine drip seems to be working better for pain management . He will actually say that he's not in pain sometimes , which is so great . 
< PROPFIRST > will be having another minor procedure this morning to hopefully close the open wound . I had a hard moment last night that I explain in a comment on the last status . Hard to see him wake up and not know where he is or what happened every time . At least he's not having to wake up so much now because of the drip . 
Just talked to the nurse about shearing ... something to pray about . With a high impact accident like < PROPFIRST>'s , the connections between cells in the brain get severed in varying degrees . This is one of the reasons they keep letting him wake up . So far he's responding to commands pretty well , but we want to pray that all those connections will heal so he will have full cognitive skills intact . 
< PROPFIRST > just completed his first breathing trial . He breathed on his own for about forty five minutes and did really well . They will do it again tomorrow . Can't take him off ventilation yet , even though he can breathe on his own because of the high heart rate and the high pain level . He needs too many drugs right now , which can slow down respiration . It is encouraging though and a step in the right direction . 
< PROPFIRST > is resting comfortable-ish . Heart rate down to 112-128 instead of 140-158 . Fever went up to 103.64 last night . They put him on a cooling blanket which is hooked up to a refrigeration unit type thing . It's down to 100.2 now . He will likely go back to surgery this morning to clean and hopefully close the incision . and maybe ... please please please ... get rid of the ventilator . 
< PROPFIRST>'s in surgery now . He went in late , around 1:00 . He's scheduled for about two hours . 
< PROPFIRST > is out of surgery . It went really well . They were able to close the incision all the way without a skin graft . He is back on the morphine drip . It will take awhile for him to be alert enough to do another breathing test , so maybe this evening and then hopefully soon after , get him off ventilation . Thank you so much for all your prayers and thoughts for < PROPFIRST > . We are encouraged by his progress so far . 
Having a frustrating moment ... between nurse and respiratory shift changes , they have forgotten that he was supposed to have a breathing test and get his tube out tonight . They are saying there is no order for the test , so there not going to do it . Having a hard time with that . 
< PROPFIRST > is in the middle of a breathing test right now . If it goes well , they will remove the ventilator . Please pray for a good result . He is breathing long deep breaths right now . 
< PROPFIRST > has a masochistic nurse at the moment , which is making coping difficult . < PROPFIRST>'s heart rate will be up at 160 and his breathing at 50 per minute and he's yelling at him about where he is ... are you in a boat , are you in church , etc ., and then telling him I know you're miserable , but at least your alive , tomorrow you won't have near this much medication and how are you going to handle it then 
Praise God , < PROPFIRST>'s off ventilation and can talk to us . He said to say thank you to everyone . He asked if < PROPFIRST > had been here and about his grandparents . We talked about the accident , which he doesn't remember . he said he wants the biggest water they can give him . he's on an oxygen mask , can't drink yet . His heart rate is high . 
The doctor cleared < PROPFIRST > for fluids . He's had ice water , orange juice , apple juice and green jello . 
< PROPFIRST > is sitting up and eating a little , reading his messages , he can read texts , but not really answer them . His hands are numb . They are doing an MRI of his knee damage tonight and willprobably be moving him out of the ICU to a regular room today . Don't quite have his pain management under control , but they're working on it . 
< PROPFIRST>'s still in the ICU , because the acute care floor is full . Please pray for < PROPFIRST>'s spirits as the realization of his situation hits him and really for all of us emotionally . Now that he is out of the woods , it is really hitting all of us differently . Yours prayers have really gotten us through this hard time . 
It sort of feels like we have moved from The Four Seasons to the ghetto now . I was just kidding about posting less I guess . We are in a room just big enough to fit my bed/chair and < PROPFIRST>'s bed and his rolling tray , all jammed up against each other . i have intermittent thoughts off taking the bed and running down the hall with it , just to see how far I'd make it . 
Haven't been on the computer all day . Busy day ... Colby is having a rough day ... went to get an MRI and had a panic attack ... having trouble getting an IV in ... they've brought in the big guns after poking him cuzzillion times ... been waiting for pain meds for an hour . 
< PROPFIRST > is having panic attacks and feeling very anxious right now . Pray for comfort for him ... 
< PROPFIRST > had a long night , but after a transfer from his bed to a wheelchair and a trip around the 7th floor , he is zonked . He needs sleep . I'm going to the \safe house\ " to get some sleep myself ... " 
< PROPFIRST > has been doing status updates for me , because I have been with < PROPFIRST > since we were moved out of the ICU and hadn't slept in all that time really . Lots of anxiety and panic , which is better today after him getting some sleep last night . Maybe it was the morphine , I don't know . The doctor and nurse said it was a result of dealing with trauma . Anyway ... 
< PROPFIRST > is having a lot of pain in his right knee , back and chest . Waiting for approval for an IV anti-inflammitory . He's experiencing deafness in his right ear , they think due to a viral infection . They are starting a steroid regiment to reduce swelling in his ear . BP and heart rate are still a little elevated , but not dangerously so . 
Amazing news ... < PROPFIRST > may be able to come home tomorrow ! They are going to wait on the ligament surgery it sounds like and he is doing so much better and strong enough to move himself around , so ... we will let you know when it's for sure and when we are safe at home . We love you all and thank you for being so supportive of us and < PROPFIRST > through this time . We are all amazed at the outpouring of love and concern . <3 
The fundraising link below is something < PROPFIRST>'s friends are doing for him . They are raising funds to buy him an XBOX to givre him something fun to do while he's layed up . 
We got home with < PROPFIRST > yesterday . So nice to sleep in my own bed . < PROPMALE > Powel and friends loaned us lots of fun things for < PROPFIRST > to use while he recovers . I'll post the home pics soon . So grateful ! 
So thankful for the power of God and prayer and bodies that heal themselves . < PROPFIRST>'s body was covered with huge bruises and contusions that don't exist anymore . I've had the same little bruise for a month . Please pray for < PROPFIRST>'s right ear . He currently has significant hearing loss that they say may be permanent , due to nerve damage . Doctors are trying a steroid treatment to try to help . 
Headed to Harborview tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > has three appointment tomorrow with different departments for check ups , removing stitches , to plan ligament surgery and test his ear again . 
< PROPFIRST > went to Harborview today . His bones are healing . Spoke to one of the surgeons who actually performed some of his surgeries . Very interesting , him explaining all the myriad of shattered and broken things . They said he can begin to slowly put weight on his left leg . No more brace on that leg . In about a month he should be able to try to walk with that leg on crutches . 
\No \ 
< PROPFIRST > saw the UW surgeon today and he said < PROPFIRST > can begin slowly putting weight on both legs and working on straightening the one that has been stabilized for so long . We went in expecting to have to wait for a surgery date and then a long recovery to even start to heal , so he could hope to walk by Christmas . Too many details to go into , but amazing news today ! 
\Thy fate is the common fate of all ... Into each life some rain must fall . \"" 
And I ... I chose the one with the haunted house at the end of an incredibly creepy , overgrown driveway ... and that , has made all the difference . 
The \seeing friendship\ " feature is cool ! " 
Celebrating our amazing son Christian Moulaison on his 16th birthday today ! 
Happy Birthday to my sweet sister in law , < PROPFEMALE > ! I Love you ! ? 
Conner Moulaison is my favorite son . I don't know why I had Christian Moulaison or < PROPFIRST > Moulaison or < PROPFIRST > Dyck-Moulaison . Oh , I hate my life . It's just nice that I still have Conner . 
Please pray for Colby ... he has been experiencing nausea , vomiting and severe stomach pain for three days . We are trying to get him to the doctor today . 
< PROPFIRST > is at the Hospital getting a CAT scan to check for an obstruction and an IV to replenish fluids . We think he is going to be fine and these are mostly precautionary measures . 
< PROPFIRST > does not have an obstruction . He does have a kidney stone and a hernia , so good thing he had a scan . Kidney stone is very painful . We are home now . 
I'm fine with the accident , almost losing a kid and the horrible excruciating kidney stone that he now has to endure and everything , but the glass that just jumped out of the cupboard and exploded on me , that was too much . LOL ... so funny how the mind works . 
FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Sgt . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
Celebrating Conner's 14th Birthday ! 
