worst . new . years . ever . 

pure bliss =) 
wow your fake , i cant wait until this all blows up in your face so i can laugh at you . 
im so sick of school how much longer till graduation ?? i just wanna party lol 
here ya go bitch flip out on this one cuz its actually bout u ya dumb cunt ! say 1 more fuckin thing bout my mom . dont tempt me cuz ill cutta bitch ! haha stupid psycho hoe =) 
so bored that i think i can feel my brain turn into a milkshake ! 
whoa im already tired and its only 10:14 lol yep im gettin old haha 
r . i . p grandma sherman ..... i guess were not meant to every just catch a break =( 
calling hours tomorrow ... not sure if im ready to endure all this pain again . 
slow day ... calling hours ... goin back to the last place i saw him only makes me miss my dad more i love you < PROPFIRST > and i hope u and grandma are in heaven 
today was hard but i think things can only get better from here on out . 
i have a headache 
goin to the game thingy tonight .... after i go dress shoppin ... my mommy n aunt < PROPFEMALE > are comin wit me since everyone else bailed haha 
workin till 10 tonight if your in the mood for fried chicken then come visit me haha 
so tired that i may just fall asleep at work haha not in the mood to work register tonight . 
hair apt then hangin wit friends prolly 
feelin a little better gotta work tonight not feelin like i wanna but i gotta haha 
your such a hater bitch stay off my < PROPFEMALE > if u have that much of a prob wit me . im so done listenin to ur lame ass . 
hangin wit the fam tonight =) 
gettin settled i think imma like this =) 
why do things always gotta be like this 
this weekends gonna be so much fun =) 
super bored cant wait till the excietment begins =) 
i wanna have < PROPMALE > fun tonight bitch better not ruin my plans !!!! 
ugh i dont wanna work tomorrow ! o well cant wait to get paid !!! :D 
\yay your lettin me be myself\ " hahaha " 
dude i so am not liken how my hair turned out =( 
taoday was pretty fun thanks to kiki n < PROPFEMALE > haha i love you guys ! you know how to make me =) 
omg im so stresssssssssssssssssssssssssssssed ! haha thank you dq for your buy a blizzard get one for a quarter lol 
i dont know why it took me so long to see who you really were ... a fake ass bitch that talks alota shit ! 
work 4 to 8 
real eyes . realize . real lies . 
highschools almost over and just thinkin about my plans for after is makin me nervous and super super stressed ! 
i cant stand when everyone yells even if im not the target i still hurt n wanna cry bout it im way to sensitive haha i wanna get outta here for awhile but theres nowhere to go ... hmmmm 
i think todays the day to face my fears n finally say goodbye . god needed u more n now i have to deal with it because this just makes it final . 
gettin all pretty for prom =) 
prom = amazing !!!! 
What you've got boy is hard to find Think about it all about it all the time I'm all strung up my heart is fried I just cant get you off my mind 
life seems so hard n complicated right now ... but when im with u the world seems so simple =) 
today sux ... wish i didnt have to work ... im super confused ... hope i figure this out soon . =) 
seriously ppl need to stay out of my personal business if i wanted u to kno i would of told u ... listening to those jealous bitches < PROPFEMALE > aint gonna get u nowhere .. 
havin fun wit my bestie .... god i love you < PROPFEMALE > your awesome haha 
so tired and theres no time to sleep theres no time for anything cuz theres so much to be done in such little time omg imma hyperventilate lol i hate bein a senior :/ much stress 
ugh i hate kfc ! 
ugh im really hatin kfc lol 
ughhhh . i dont feel good =( and i really miss Brandin ... hope he can come with us today ! 
ugh FM(so very complicating)L 
i have a headache ... stupid final finals haha 
graduation sunday .... need to get some sun so i dont look super pastey in my white dress haha 
when i think about what happens after we die , i am slightly terrified . 
I may not have gone where I intended to go , but I think I have ended up where I intended to be 
im so freakin bored ... :/ 
things change and so do people . i just didnt think we were like everyone else . 
not gonna lie im kinda pissed rite now ... >=/ 
goin swimmmmmmmmming !! =) lastnite was pretty fun man ! lol 
ashlee : i just wanted to say .. If you should die before me , ask if you can bring a friend . 
i cant stand the chaos lol 
i hate you so freakin much right now ... its giving me a massive headache . 
pretty bored still have to finish the invites ... really sucks writting these out bein as how my wrist is freakin killin me .. hmm wonder how that happened lol 
im hungry what should i eat oh wait theres hardly ever anything to eat in this house =( 
feelin pretty lonely right about now ... i hate when the house is quiet .... soo freakin bored wish i had money to go do something . 
ugh cant breathe whys it gotta be so freakin hott 
imma tongue punch your grandma in the fart box then imma go read a book =) i love tosh . 0 
it cant get any worse ... right ?? 
yep ... what a gerk 
i miss you .. oh and < PROPFEMALE > too =) ........ =/ ........ =( 
im bored ... wanna do sum craaaaazii 
ive missed you so much that it hurt me sleepin around with others but i promise mr. bed ill never cheat on you the pillow and blankets for a loooooong time ! =) couches and chairs suck haha 
i accomplished so much yet so little today 
fair had its moments ... i wanna milkshake i might just go make me one :) 
its way to freakin hot outside . f this im goin swimming ! :) 
some people dont deserve to have me as a friend . i know i can do a hell of alot better without them =) 
aww c'mon now i got total eclipse of the heart stuck in my head haha .... i miss my sissy really bad now . =( 
i hate the constant fighting =( 
i swear i just had my cellphone ! ugh . i always lose things . 
i wanna go to the beach 
i love my bestie hes the best bestie on earth =) 
going to the fair tonight with my sissy !! oh shit we gonna be raising all kinds a hell ! 
change of plans ... that sucks i love you sissy sorrrrrrrry !! 
booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored 
soooooooo fn tired ... im gonna go on two hours of sleep . todays gonna be a loooooong day lol 
that was pure crap i do not approve of all this ... f you and your couch im goin to bed haha =) 
im bored beyond belief ... imma go annoy my sissy hahahaha 
so pissed that nothing ever goes my way . ugh fml 
my cat just ate a ribbon and threw it up ... where he got this ribbon the world may never know . 
dentist appointment in the a.m. if only i could get some sleep oh wait thats right i have a hyperactive devil seed running around attacking me !! < PROPFEMALE > your child is getting on my nerves ! 
Causing trouble wit my partner in crime :) 
well i HAD a new phone ... my bros car got broken into and my purse alicias purse and tims cds got jacked =( poor little phone didnt stand a < PROPMALE > 
fed ex is delivering my cellie tomorrow ! =) 
just wasting my whole day away waiting on stupid fed ex ...... then again im sorta biased for UPS =) 
just when i think im free to fly you pull me back into a cage full of your web of lies . 
so bored no more plans for the day they were cancelled . 
dear mother , what exactly is the point of getting a texting phone if you do not text me back !?!? 
=( beyond depressed ... but i guess its what we need right now ... dr. s and hangin with leash today . god i need a job . 
< PROPFEMALE > u keep sendin me crap and its making my phone all retarded hahaha 
i feel like i got a hole in my chest the pain is unbearable ... i guess i didnt realize things changed that much 
I've had some pretty shitty things happen before but bein dumped via text messege tops em all :( 
headache =( but swimming today is amazing ... glad \were\ " talking again lol i forgot how cute you were ;) " 
Goin to < PROPMALE > world haha can't wait to be a dinosaur ! 
hangin wit my sissy today ... sarahs openhouse = funess now out to < PROPFEMALE > for my kayceekins ! 
omg ... longest application known to man ... my head hurts from so many dumb questions lol god i hate that i need a job haha 
wish i had a camera ... ahem .. timothy =( 
super hyper still haven't been to bed yet !! 
hahahaha ... betty white 
i dont like bruises =( 
... \hes got the devils feet \"..." 
i wish there was another button on her besides bitch mode . 
dude where'd the summer go ... its already 20 days till my b day ... =( and still no freakin tan haha 
i love storms =) 
late night drunken phone calls ... \hey tabby whats that song you know we heard it in the car i think there was a girl in it oh there definitely was a girl in it .. so what is it ? \ " uhh can i have more detail maybe hum a bar lol " 
everythings got me down ... i need something to occupy my time 
dear sun , id appreciate it if you could shine your rays on more than just my arms .. this tan your giving me looks awkward haha 
yeah im not gonna lie i miss you .. i miss the hell outta ya kid but its more like the old you .. i miss who you and me used to be . 
just got back from the hospital .. i can only hope shell be ok cuz without her i have noone ... i love my mommy =( 
mommys home =) 
does love truly exist ? 
5 days and i have my surgery then 11 until my b-day hellz yeah biznatches !!!! haha =P 
omg i love that i witnessed this ... \its not a beer belly its a fuel tank for a love machine ! \ " hahaha im happy she declined " 
i love that in the summer time my mommy makes strawberry shortcake for desert =) 
super bored right now ... i have a feeling im not gonna get to sleep till 5 again haha texts would be great =) 
peacin out homez =p 
ok so i still havent gone to sleep .. and now im super hyper ... haha mothers making me coffee just what i need hahaha 
hmm .. what to do today .. =) 
bored but excited for tomorrow ! ive missed my lil mini me ! layin out then mall prolly =) 
hangin wit my girly < PROPFEMALE > tonight and tomorrow =) 
hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > i live in a fish bowl and my favorite color is clear hahahahahahaha 
so much on my mind right now that i cant get to sleep .. and i gotta be up at 6 ugh ... why does nothing ever go my way =( 
ok surgery went well .. but now i have a horrible lisp untill the swelling goes down .. in one to two weeks ... STOP LAUGHING AT ME < PROPFEMALE > ! MEANIE HEAD ! =( 
woke up crying this morning ... well guess i had an allergic reaction .. to either the anesthesia or the novocaine .. great like i wasnt already in enough pain .. fml 
today sucked so bad i was in so much pain i thought i was gonna die when i couldn't stop bleeding .. then i talked to someone quite amazing and its gotta be one of the best days of my life !! 
swelling has gone down ALOT lol hopefully ill look normal by my birthday =) 
i love when im all blah and bummy then i see ur name pop up on my phone and read the cutest little text you send me xD it totally makes up for a boring day !! 
I had picked up this hitchhiker that was sweatin ' gallons through a pair of < PROPFEMALE > Duke cut-offs and one of those Fruit Of The Loom tank-tops . Well , that night I lost myself to < PROPFEMALE > red lips , milky white skin and baby blue eyes . Name was < PROPFIRST > . haha i miss my sissy xp 
so theres this < PROPFIRST > F Waul kid who is a jerkface .. oh and btw ... suck it i win =) 
AHHH TOMORROWS MY BIRTHDAY !!!!!! =))))))))) 
i give up ... sleeps overrated anyways lol .. well since im up guess ill txt ppl and wake them just because i can =) 
wish mother would wake up so id at least have someone to bug lol 
well its beddy bye time for miss tabby haha awwwyawnckhak 
guys ... there is no nice way to put this ... stop fuckin txtin me and shit .. it is not my birthday .. but feel free to resend those tomorrow ... bc tommorow IS my birthday ! haha 
beach for da birfyday tomorrow !!!!!!! ahhh sooo excited ! my mommy's so adorkable !! 
happy birthday to me happy birthday to me happy birthday to me .. oh and to you too < PROPMALE > ! i love you bubby ! 
goin up to Erie with the fam ! layin on the beach gettin my tan on .. ahhh good times good times :D 
today was amazing .. can only think of one thing that could of made my birthday perfect but then id be asking for to much and i dont wanna be greedy ... 
thats it i cant keep doing this to myself im done completely and utterly finished ! why should i fucking care anymore ? i hate myself so why should i think that anyone could possibly care for me ? its pathetic how i lie to myself everyday thinking oh things will get better ... its not gonna get fucking better for a foolish girl like me ! i absolutely hate my life ! 
im gonna be self centered and just focus this day all around me ! 
its called trust and spontaneity .. don't think about it . just take a leap of faith .. be reckless .. be random . your never gonna enjoy life if u don't throw caution to the wind and do something crazy .. let your guard down .. live life !.. its the key to happiness . 
todays great got new clothes spent sum me and sissy time and not only did i have a nice chat with this AMAZING guy but mommy got me chocolate milk ! 
i tried so hard not to think about it ... but i knew eventually i couldnt choke back the tears ... id do anything to see you one last time ... i miss our late night talks ... your hugs ... even telling you that i love you ... but most of all i miss seeing mother happy in your arms . wish you were here 
i feel so dumb .... and god i really regret not goin and seeing my bestie today .. i love you brandin hope today was amazing for you =)))) 
aww what you couldnt be an adult and have an actual conversation ! what was that you miss me ? huh ! could of fooled me since you forgot my fucking birthday ! your a piece of shit and always will be ! your such a womanizer and an alcoholic ! your such a pathetic excuse for a man ! i thought i made it clear i was done with your bullshit ! i dont wish bad things ... but i dont wish you well ! 
you make my heart smile :D 
hahaha my moms watching good burger =p 
i feel so freaking accomplished =) 
ya know .. your amazing .. just thought id clue you in ;) 
goin to my bubby's tonight ... gonna be chillen wit him tomorrow ... awww shit double trouble =) 
home at least dear god sooooo much money spent . hahaha buuuuuut .. i enjoyed spendin sum time with my big brother =))) 
im kind of glad mr. < PROPFIRST > F Waul is a creep and has my status sent to his phone so he can see my relationship status has changed haha ( this is your big hint ) lol 
that < PROPFEMALE > Best girl is sucha jerkface meanie head haha i am to a good girl so =p 
gettin my hair done tomorrow . BWATB .... =( PJL ... <3 :D 
cant shut my mind off to relax enough to fall asleep !! 
hopefully today turns out the way i planned 
love love love the hair =))) thanks auntie < PROPFEMALE > Gooding !! she did an A-MAZING job ! 
mother text me askin me to go fix my g-mas cellphone ... did anyone ever think shes just a lil to old for a cellphone .. just throwin that out there haha 
today was ... different haha 
im gonna make today a good one =) 
im so beyond pissed ! cant believe i tried doin something so nice and spent all that time for nothing ! 
i say , fuck you ( fuck you ) get a life ( get a life ) man i got to much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you ... all i can say is get a life quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life get money get bitches and get a life get it goin get a room then get a life <3 weezy 
i must really like getting my hopes up so i can be highly disappointed .. since i do it so often . why should i even bother haha 
dont ya just love when it rains =) 
walmart is my new hell 
with a smile on my face and my heart on my sleeve im almost ready for anything .. anything but you .. dont think i fully prepared myself for how fast or hard id fall for you .. i hate how vulnerable i am with you .. hope i dont get hurt this time . 
wtf is up with my damn notifications ?? i know ive seen all those .. so whys it still say 19 !?!? ahhh its driving me crazy ! fuck you facebook getting me all excited for nothing ! your crushing my hopes and dreams ! anyone else's messed up ?? 
why is it that i always find the \wrong way\ " to sleep ? now my necks all jacked up . gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my mini me todayyyyyy !!!! =) " 
really sick of ppl saying one thing and doing another ... super annoyed 
You son of a biscuit eating bulldog ! \ 
What the french toast ? \ 
Did you think I wouldn't find out about your little doo doo head cootie < PROPFEMALE > ?! \ 
Who ARE you calling a cootie < PROPFEMALE > , you lint licker ! \ 
Pickle you - kumquat !!!!! \ 
you're over-reacting \ 
No , < PROPMALE > over reacting was when I put your convertible into a wood chipper , stinky Mc Stinkface \ 
you Hoboken ! 
yep ... dinners been done ... gah i hate how i seem like a nagging wife towards my mom .. if she would just be on time her dinner wouldnt be cold >=( haha 
mom your so lame i love you haha :D 
lastnight with leash was fun fun =) ugh i feel like crap today blah ! 
im still alive but im barely breathing .. just prayed to a god that i dont believe in .. 
yep .. i love my d-bag of a bf =) 
Maybe I know , somewhere Deep in my soul That love never lasts And we've got to find other ways To make it alone or Keep a straight face\ 
And I've always lived like this Keeping a comfortable , distance And up until now I had sworn to myself that I'm Content with loneliness\ 
Because none of it was ever worth the risk\ 
Well , You , are , the only exception <3 
< PROPMALE > fucking migraine ... not enough Excedrin in the world to stop it ugh =( 
im starting to see that love is played out and obviously doesnt have as strong a meaning anymore and i hate that ... i hate love . it makes you feel so vulnerable then slaps you in the face because for a split second you let your guard down and were actually happy for the first time in a lone time . i really should invest in waterproof mascara ! 
=) 
headin out real soon ... goin to < PROPFIRST > Masotto-Ashman's house ! haha ive been meaning to tag you < PROPFIRST > =P mother would be proud hahaha 
bored ... dear god your fucking annoying stoooop ! my brother is a d-bag ... 
ugh mother needs to become a crappy cook cuz i ate waaay to much and now my tummy hurts =( 
ppl are dumb and annoying haha 
<3 
ok so i know im up early if i see the damn bus haha wow totally felt like a badass that was skipping school .. not gonna lie my ass was outta that bed pretty damn fast when i heard the bus beep ... then i realized i graduated a just a couple months ago haha gah i feel dumb =P 
holy hell batman ! 
favors and promises ... they equal lies . 
why is it to me that cereal always tastes better at night ?? haha 
so freakin bored i deff need something to keep me occupied today !! 
the devil cat is biting my ankles .... this days gettin better by the second 
ahhhhhh omg i think i just snapped my arm in like 7 diff places hahaha im sucha clutz .. i fell outta my super freakishly tall bed haha landed on a shoe .. how that got there ill never know .. and where is its mate ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Stevens would be so proud i used cottonheadedninnymuggins in a sentence today :D 
\i could do it if i wanna ... i just dont wanna\ " haha " 
idk if it was a mixture of still being half asleep or im jumpy but i scared myself to where i screamed .. walked past the mirror .. thought it was someone else but nope .. just me with my makeup smeared all over my face like a damn fool haha i really should wash my face before bed =P 
... gma just face planted in the driveway ... im so going to hell for laughing ... but gmas a trooper shes not letting the blood bother her ... 
super bummed =( 
ugh ... leash and me talk waaaaaaay to much haha its sad that i went to drop something off to them at < PROPMALE > world and i end up goin to tims and not gettin home till 2 sum cuz i have leash wrapped around my leg when i try to leave haha i love my wifey !! <3 
i hate when i cant sleep =/ 
is it sad that i may be a < PROPMALE > bit excited for camp rock 2 ? disney i love you ! lol 
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , or dream =) 
know what i love ?? my brother calling and waking me up cuz hes comin over at an ungodly hour ... then since i had to let him in and listen to him rant about nonsense when i actually try going back to sleep ... i just lay there .. yay oodles of fun .. because i love being awake this early for no reason =) 
mommys making her A-MAZING ribs ! haha fair tonight so psyched =) 
so far this day hasnt been all that good .. fighting and lameness buuuut ... hopefully all this will change ... looking forward to seeing my wifey < PROPFEMALE > Nolen and her tormenting me haha hangin with my favs peeps tonight =)) 
well im gonna get ready ... paul if u still dont get your phone to work go through < PROPFEMALE > it gets sent to her phone and she will tell me ... 
lastnight = amazing !!! chillen with < PROPMALE > and leash today rented movies and that yay us =P 
ok so < PROPFIRST > F Waul is so freaking adorable .. not to mention i <3 him =) 
holy hell my mouth is on fire ... i hate spicy food haha ... ugh dont wanna get motivated but i got things to do today i guess haha 
ok so i like almost died ... damn tree nearly killed me .. inches and seconds away from death .. other than that today was pretty much amazing =) 
dont feel good =( gonna get cozy and watch a movie to pass time till mommy gets home ... 
my bubbys coming over to watch movies ... thats whats been said for the past ever haha maybe tonight he wont fall asleep or i wont get distracted txtin haha i really wanna watch this movie !! 
what do i do when i cant sleep at night ?? oh i like to sit and watch scary movies by myself so whenever theres a noise i think its a serial killer coming to murder me .. yep .. its gonna be a looooooong night haha 
bout to go out to the miz-mall lol spent the day with my amazing bf < PROPFIRST > F Waul <3 =) 
today = the best freakin day of my life !!!!!! all thanks to < PROPMALE > Sutliff , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and the most amazingest bf ever < PROPFIRST > F Waul =) love ya guys 
this Saturday marks one year that my life has changed drastically .. i cant fix what happened .. and that sucks .. but just knowing what its like when you lose someone so close to you is devastating ... i could wish for you back but it wouldn't come true so imma wish for something more realistic .. i wish my mom could be happy again .. like she used to be .. we miss and love you < PROPMALE > B . Sherman <3 09/11/2009 
so much money spent in pittsburgh haha this was a relaxing weekend but im sure glad to be home .. 
ugh so tired and so bored yet dont wanna fall asleep yet .... hopefully i wake up and get motivated early enough tomorrow haha cant wait to see my boy again =) 
yeah im lazy .. whats your point ?? hop off my < PROPMALE > bitch ! lol 
today sucks .. the more into the day i go the worse i feel =( 
i deff just realized how much ive changed these past couple years and how my friends have changed .. their not even the same ppl haha i wonder what happened to my old friends .. hmmm 
i miss how you and me used to be ... 
pfft ... bitch 
my head is KILLING ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you cant even have a simple fucking conversation ... gah you piss me off ! 
haha theres a fly on my computer screen and for sum odd reason i thought it would move when i poked it with the pointer =P 
gonna go spend the afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > Nolen ! aka my wifey ... im sooooo not a fan of Niles hahahaha 
stayed at leash's last night now shes staying with me .. bored need sum to do =/ 
tonight ... was ... eventful ... i love you < PROPFIRST > and im really sad but i hope your ok and damnit ya better call me when your done getting the tests taken especially if they discharge you 
headin out with < PROPFEMALE > Nolen !!! gonna have an awesome time i hope ... just wish my baby was comin 
mommy comes back home today !!! =) i missed her ! haven't seen her since Thursday =( haha omg < PROPFEMALE > Nolen is on my couch .. snoring lmao and damnit leash we didn't get up early enough for breakfast again hahahaha 
awwww ever afters on :D wasting time untill 6 ! 
A group of professional people posed this question to a group of 4 to 8 year-olds , \What does love mean ? \ " The answers they got were broader and deeper than anyone could have imagined . " 
You make me smile for no reason whatsoever , you make me laugh at unfunny things , but my favorite thing is most of all , you make me love you and there is no explanation why ... i just do . =) 
people need to think before they say things ! you really think you know someone till they open their mouth and say something totally idiotic ! way to be a true friend ! ill remember this .. 
THE COLOR RED IS FOR LOSERS !!! 
i hate when i press the center button to light up my phone to check the time and it goes straight to the web ... i dont have internet on my phone ... do as i want cellie and i promise i wont throw you across the room =) 
When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change Cause you're amazing Just the way you are And when you smile , The whole world stops and stares for awhile Cause girl you're amazing Just the way you are 
haha it makes me laugh that your completely convinced that your like someone important .... maybe you should think again :) 
guess i did my hair and makeup for nothing !... just another day sitting around the house .. aint life grand !... 
i wanna be done with today ... im just gonna go lay in bed and sulk ... 
soooooooooo < PROPFEMALE > lol < PROPFEMALE > Nolen ... \if ya wanna be my lova .. \ " hahahahaha good times good times " 
i swear i cant do anything right ... why do i bother .. =/ 
ive got dirt in my wounds ... hahahaha damn cat .. 
Well , it's ok . It's so nice\ 
It's just another day in paradise\ 
Well , there's no place that\ 
I'd rather be\ 
Well , it's two hearts\ 
And one dream\ 
I wouldn't trade it for anything\ 
And I ask the Lord every night\ 
For just another day in paradise 
really hoping today wont suck anymore ... 
“I like vending machines , because snacks are better when they fall . If I buy a < PROPFEMALE > bar at the store , oftentimes I will drop it so that is achieves its maximum flavor potential . ” 
sigh .. cocoa puffs why must you taunt me ? i know theres no milk in that fridge ... no matter how many times i look ! now i gots a sad tummy =( 
i feel horrible right now =( dizzy nauseated and a < PROPMALE > freakin migraine .... < PROPFEMALE > Nolen i miss you already haha in need of some < PROPMALE > lazy couch/movie time with my wifey snackin on some sweets =) 
i deff do not wanna go to the freakin dr. like first of all why did mother pick the one thats over an hour away ?? but lucky me since drs freak me out i have over an hours drive to go nuts and panic ... whoooooo =/ 
im on my way to believing <3 
fml ... no really i hate it FML ! 
ughhhhh hot dog shoppe why must you be sooooo goooooooood =P 
that makes no sense .. no sense at all ! haha 
i love when im having a bad day ... it gives me a reason to go onto fml and laugh at others and see that it could be worse . =) 
ok so i just had this frantic mess of chaos happen ... i yawned soooo hard that i swallowed my tongue haha totally thought i was gonna die haha and now im having a choking fit from laughing ... today seems like it wont be good .. i better stay away from sharp objects ! 
bitch couldnt handle the truth so she deleted me lmao . whatever not like you were a true friend anyways . ya talk behind your so called friends backs like they mean nothing to you . go complain to someone else about your problems see how long thatll last . its pointless arguing with you bc you dont understand half of whats being said . go be a dumb bitch and keep spreadin them legs eventually someone will fall for your act 
i fucking hate you dumbass bitches who start shit that your not a part of . back the fuck off and shut the fuck up ! seriously your annoying as hell . get a fucking life and stay outta my shit bitch ! thanks =) 
sooooo sick ! ugh xP gotta go pick up < PROPMALE > from work then stuff around the house with mother ... this'll be fun =/ 
ugh so many grilled cheese i might just explode =) 
spent all morning catching up with my dad ... wish i could of seen my boy since i was so close but oh well . 
ahhh cocoa puffs you make my life a whole lot brighter haha 
getting ready to go pick up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Nickells Jr for work . gotta pick up < PROPFEMALE > Best for a fun day at the mall . then hopefully seeing < PROPFIRST > F Waul when he gets out of class ! todays gonna be a good day love you guys =) 
i love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > leeper =) 
have been putting off going back to the dentist .. finally called to schedule me ... they chose tomorrow ... i was thinking something further down the line ... sigh .. not looking forward to this =/ 
getting ready for the dentist .... idw do this haha =/ 
soooooo numb lol they had to give me 8 shots of Novocaine because i could still feel it =P i sound horrible ! haha 
SO FREAKIN MAD !! POURED A BOWL OF CEREAL AND FORGOT ABOUT IT NOW ITS ALL SOGGY HAHAHAHAHAHA =( 
so much for two months ... fml </3 
i love my Pauly more and more each day and i didn't think it was possible =) 
at my cousins wedding .. im so happy for you two ! <3 
it has been decided ... imma marry that boy someday =) 
< PROPMALE > Peters and < PROPFEMALE > Kupec aka mr. and mrs. peters ! your wedding was beautiful and the hotel was grade A ! love you guys and hope you two have the times of your lives ! your married now yo so live that shit up haha =) ( now go make perty babies lol ) 
my body feels like i got run over by a semi =( 
i hate being sick =`( 
someone contact my mammaw and learn how she makes her soup cuz i could use some of that southern cookin right about now =) 
i didn't know loving someone was a crime these days ... duly noted ... next time ill keep it a secret ... because god forbid you wanna spend any time at all with the person you care for ... ill have to remember that for when i feel the urge to say i love you ill have to hold back ... my bad . guess i didn't get the memo . 
FUCK . MY . LIFE . 
so ... this is a night ill never forget ... my heart hurts .. but theres a smile on my sleepy face ... sweet dreams =) 
i so totally thought that pic was cuter when we took it haha gah i hate that ... oh well guess we'll have to take a new one ;) 
what would you do for a Klondike bar ?? 
I got sunshine on a cloudy day <3 
If you could see yourself , just for a day , you'd see how everyone else sees you . And my god , you are fucking beautiful . <3 
i swear i never catch a break ... stupid cough ... i hate how im always sick =( 
Why do ppl want love so bad ? its usually nothing but heartache .. i used to love love .. but now it just hurts .. i just wish it was like it was b4 
Being torn down everyday by the ones closest to u eventually leaves u with nothing ... 
Where are all the sour patch parents ? 
i am in shock ... haha 
I only wish you could see how much you mean to me 
Leaving my dads ... goin to see my gma .. i love how my family sees me in pain and want to make me smile again .. i love you guys . 
The floor at the doctors is nauseating me ... im sure thats not a good sign haha 
I feel like my hearts about to explode 
Seriously ? haha 
YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE ! 
omg i just read a message when < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was at my house using my cell and i was online chatting with < PROPFIRST > F Waul and it totally made no sense like we were so freakin hyper i love it =) 
im ready for a change ... 
ill never love another .. as much as i love you <3 
ugh seriously ?? not again ! =( 
i never thought i would risk the < PROPMALE > of getting hurt again but , baby , when i’m with you it all seems worth it . And in the end i’ll always come running back to you , not because i’m weak but because i fell in love with you ... 
what is the point of watching Bewitched if your not gonna watch episodes with < PROPFEMALE > in it ? those are the best ones !! haha 
i really need a job to occupy my time so i stop doing dumb shit haha 
i seriously need some fun . i wanna get the girls together and raise some hell =) 
Watchin movies with mommy ... really missing him 
Fuck you ! i hate liars ! 
hangin with me mini me < PROPFEMALE > Thomas .... i hate when ppl wont even give me a fucking chance .. like why do i even bother ?? 
i love him <3 
hey guess what .... i hate your fucking face now shut the hell up !.... oh yeah ... please and thank you ! :D 
i can eat this healthy food that tastes like cardboard and glue or ... i can heat up a burrito or piece of pizza ... hmm decisions decisions ... 
how can you stop loving someone ... i dont wanna love someone who obviously doesn't care about me .. 
i wish i could go back to July 14th 
Te iubesc , dar uneori < PROPFEMALE > im destul de sigur daca asta e destul de ... 
ugh i cant sleep ... 
There'a always that one special person that no matter what they do to you you just cant let them go <3 ... 
you are so amazing .. you always know how to make me smile .. i miss you so much it brings tears to my eyes ! i love you and cant wait to see you again hunni !! 
Thats what happens when u get lost .. all caught up in things .. u need time to remember who u used to be and to discover who u wanna be <3 
grrrrrrr .... 
gotta go pick up < PROPMALE > from the southern park mall ... fun fun haha 
gah .. now its stuck in my head thanks ... jerk ! lol 
i miss him ... 
I dont wish you ill .. but i dont wish you well ! 
haha and thats why i love you ... i wouldn't have it any other way ;) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZNzfb014 
so much pain its like my ribcage is being constricted damn i cant breathe .... so this is the crappiest feeling in the world .. i hate heartache .. 
omg ! i guess schools important gettin your edjamacation in all but damn wheres my texts =( bestiekinns you suck ! haha love you =) 
got some really tough decisions ... should i make the move and get away from this place ?... idk .. i wish life was simpler .. 
sigh ... i was trying not to be sad today ... but what the hell .. i cant help it i miss him so dearly he was the best father in the freakin world and i wouldn't ever change a single memory .. happy birthday < PROPFIRST > R.I.P <3 
Haha cool whip seems to be halarious at 3:47 omfg < PROPFEMALE > what would i do without u =P 
haha what an eventful night all thanks to my bestiekinns =) i do however dont approve of annoying kid who the hell said he could get in my car ?? 6 people in my poor baby sunfire .. i dont think it'll ever recover from this trauma =/\ 
i feel like crap ... oh yeah and did i forget to mention that i love you guys =) yall are silly\ 
yes i understand .. but why are we discussing this SO FUCKIN EARLY !!!! 
hanging out with some more of my fav ppls today just like McDonald's im lovin it hahahaha 
today was an overall good day =) \ 
would enjoy having a life of her own thank you very much ! 
i want change im ready for something good to happen for once in my life . so im taking risks and making a stand . dont like it then dont fucking talk to me . =) \ 
awe i didn't leave my bagel in the toaster long enough =( 
goin to spend time with my < PROPFEMALE > baby then helping some ppl who need to graduate with their homework !!!! stop disappointing me kid ! 
i hate how you say your gonna do something then you dont ... breaking promises .. not cool =( 
wow ='( 
haha been staying at megs forever now you think they would be sick of me by now i love my new family :) 
I hate this .... i miss him =( 
finally home and the feelings bitter sweet ... 
out of all the days to be sick why did it have to be now ? why did it have to be today ? 
Niles ... oh how you know i hate you haha why must i visit you so often ?? i try to avoid it but ya keep pulling me back in with your loons and lights plus your many stores ... one day Niles one day we will become friends and ill drive comfortably in your streets :) \ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZNzfb014 
getting ready leaving soon oh what an eventful day its gonna be haha 
Bored ... cold ... and hungry ... wish u ppl werent in school right now 
sooooooooooo tired ! tabby needs some serious shut eye haha 
You know who im talkin bout yeah you .... I hope you fall in a well and lassie doesnt save your ass ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! im so proud of my mommy for running in the rain .. next year step aside me and gma wanna join oww owww ! haha 
in a very crappy mood .... wheres my peeps i need serious cheering up ! 
i feel crummy in the tummy :( hmmmm what to do what to do ... \ 
i love you ... juss sayin :) \ 
of course im sick im always sick ugh ! 
talking to my baby :) 
blah .. pretty bored homez 
Dude that sounded like when you hit a plastic bag like pfft ! lmao 
gettin ready goin to my babys :) 
really wish someone would text my bored ass !! 
for once id really appreciate perfection .. sigh ... 
i like how you said you were gonna be asleep by 12 but fighting about not wanting to say goodnight has lasted 7 mins haha i love fighting over silly things with you :) 
awe i love you :) 
a house with no windows ... is super fucking cold in the winter haha only mother would get new windows in December lmao 
If I hadn’t met you , I wouldn’t like you . If I didn’t like you , I wouldn’t love you . If I didn’t love you , I wouldn’t miss you . But I did , I do , and I will . 
yep todays really gonna keep sucking :( hopefully i find something to do tonight ! 
super pissed !!! my ipod wont unfreeze ! how am i supposed to jam out without my ipod !?!? grrr 
Înainte de a te-am c < PROPFEMALE > oscut , am fost de trai sub o iluzie c ? < PROPFEMALE > boboc de trandafir este cea < PROPFEMALE > frumoasa creatie a lui Dumnezeu . 
i get to see my baby today !!!!! 
yes i have flaws . thank you for pointing them out for me . its nice to know im not a robot . because i wanst sure and i was getting nervous ! 
Falling in love with you is the second best thing in the world . Finding you is the first . 
Sitting at the drs ... im so excited im bout to find out if imma have a niece or nephew ! :) 
Its a babygirl !!!! tryna get < PROPMALE > unstuck haha 
I got to see my baby :) for like 5 mins :( 
so im pretty much numb and it doesnt help that im sitting here in while my pants are soaking wet .. note to self dont try pushing ppl into snow .. especially when they can easily push you back because theyre bigger !!!! 
so much snow but such a lil shovel haha one driveway down ... a parking lot to go :/ im ready for a warm vaca tabby needs a tan lol 
kinda wish i was in a better mood but im not so therefore i refuse to deal with bullshit today :) 
if only you saw yourself through my eyes <3 
still on the phone with my baby momma lmao 
tonights gonna be super lame :/ 
mother should bring me some tbell to brighten up this crappy day :( 
my belly is in a tizzy .. it knows mommas bringing home tbell haha hurry up woman im grumbly in the tumbly !! 
hopefully i see brandin tomorrow and i got my fingers crossed that he will be able to come with me and mommy to the mall !!! im missing him terribly :'( 
fell asleep on my couch only reason i woke up is to poor stripes having what sounded like some sort of epileptic episode/asthma attack ! great just what i need to wake up to is a kink in my neck and a tweaking cat next to me :/ 
well guess i gotta start getting ready i dont want to but i gotta mothers getting pushy and mean . i love the woman but its ok its only 10:15 the mall will still be open !! 
bout to take my baby home :) i love him !!!!!!!! 
ok so umm yeah tabby is not a great multitasker haha juss saying lmao 
wow ... i cant believe it now like my entire world is crashing down :( 
2:09 feelin fine now its my beddy by time haha :) yeah i know imma dork so what ? 
I want < PROPFIRST > Cusack holding a boombox outside my window . I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with < PROPFIRST > Dempsey . I want < PROPMALE > from Sixteen Candles waiting outside the church for me . I want Judd < PROPMALE > thrusting his fist into the air because he knows he got me . Just once I want my life to be like an 80's movie , preferably one with a really awesome musical number for no apparent reason . 
pizza rolls and chicken bite thingys ahhhh its gonna be a good day lol 
i hate when we dont get to say goodnight :( 
ahhh i have the hicc-um-ups !!!! 
Tbell !!!! night with leash and given gifts making many stops gonna be a busy night 
chilling out , maxing and relaxing all cool :) 
Really miss Brandin ... was hoping i would have heard from him by now . Oh well at least ill see him tomorrow :) 
:'( its just not the same .. 
should so start getting ready but uhh ... idk id rather stay in my jammies haha 
wow cant believe that its actually having an impact on me ... note to self stop being pathetic .. im better off without ( insert name here ) in my life ! 
today should totally stop sucking id really appreciate it haha 
freaking bored yo ! 
about another half hour and imma be a texting fiend !! haha 
wow i hate how we cant even < PROPFEMALE > a simple conversation because you turn into a bitch 
finally talking to my amazing boyfriend <3 
Im hoping things can only get better from here . 
ugh so tired it hit me like a ton of bricks on the drive home haha sucks that so many important things have to be done today ... i dont wanna move haha 
so tired why cant i sleeeeeeeeeeep !?!? 
Happy New Years everyone :) 
is all that drama really necessary ?? why exactly does my life have to be a soap opera ?? whatever im so already over it haha :) 
gah . extremely bored . really need to find something to occupy my time haha 
awww my soup is cold :( 
no i dont wanna !... i like how that always worked when i was five now my mom just looks at me with a weird look on her face and goes get the hell in the car ! 
on the phone with kayceekinns !!!!!!!!!! 
I just beat < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at bowling yep im a champ :) 
home finally but now im all sad and lonely :( 
wow ... not sure how this is gonna go down .. shopping with mother ... let the fighting begin haha 
wow im such a loser i got excited over new tires haha 
today with my mini me ? hellz yeah !! get shit done son ! sooo excited cant wait !! 
Big ass dent bumpers a mess took out a mailbox only doin 15 gah fml 
i woke up all excited bc it was Fri thinking im finally gonna go out and have fun .. then i was like fuck ! cuz i remembered ... i dont have a car anymore !! im gonna go insane in this boring ass house ! someone should definitely rescue me while im still sane ! 
subway for dinner yessssssssssssssss 
i was wondering why my computer was being an idiot .. prolly cuz im downloading 3,383 photos !!! haha this may take awhile ... 
sitting home alone on a Saturday im so overjoyed .. captivated , charmed , ecstatic , elated , enchanted , entranced , fulfilled , gladdened , gratified , joyous , jubilant , pleasantly surprised , pleased , thrilled at all these feelings i have pulsating through my body its so hard to contain all this excitement ... 
ok do me a HUGE fav .. go to brandins go into my car and get my stuff out the back seat lol yep thankssss appreciate it haha 
great !! amazing !! now i have to deal with this on top of everything ... awesome ! FML 
innocence and beauty such a deadly combination <3 :) 
just woke up balling my eyes out ... worst nightmare ever !! :'( 
maybe my hearts not in this like we all thought ... 
i hate fake people . 
i hate when i can only find half of my pj's! 
if your life was a movie who would it be narrated by ?? 
breakfast for dinner yessss i love banana nut waffles with whipped cream yummy ! 
wow you are so pathetic ! not only are you a cheater but a liar too !! haha hunni have fun with what you like to call a life :) 
you make my heart smile <3 
well now that there is no reason for these baby blues to still be open imma get to bed haha nitey nite yall :) 
i feel super icky have a fever someone come take care of me :'( 
i give up ! anytime i try having the slightest little piece of happiness someone has to ruin it for me . so why even bother anymore . i hate this feeling :( 
when you love somebody why cant it just be that ? simple enough you love them and you take the < PROPMALE > hoping they love you back . but no life has to be all complicated and full of bullshit . well whatever idgaf what society or others think or say . i love you . more than you can ever imagine and even though we cant be .. my feelings will never change . there's always a place for you in my heart .. 
wow thats so fucked up i cant believe you would go behind my back like that ! im simply devastated ... 
Te iubesc < PROPFEMALE > mult decât p ? s ? rile iubirea albine . Te iubesc < PROPFEMALE > mult decât sunt stelele de pe cer ? i pe ? ti în mare . chiar < PROPFEMALE > mult decât iube ? te < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . ? i încearc ? s ? explice de ce este ca ? i cum încearc ? s ? explice de gustul apei : absolut imposibil <3 
oh no im starting to regret ever doin this !! maybe i should have left my hair why do i let you ppl talk me into things haha 
my phones broke :'( 
hey yo stop bein lame ! 
not digging this one bit ... :( 
phone is usable :D ... just not the keyboard :'( it likes to space randomly and add extra letters yay ! say ya know what hey who wants to break one of my legs so i can add another thing to my list of things needing fixed !.. deff need a job ! 
so what you're telling me is i have been up since six o'clock for nothing ?? \well at least you can get stuff done today !! \ " like what ? sit on the couch and shove my face ?!? \ " no go look for a job silly ! \ " sure ! let me get on my magic carpet and get right on that !!!... idiots .. hahahaha its a good thing you're pretty lmao " 
daddy's bringing me subway !!! :D 
tonight is gonna be pretty grade A type material !!! haha 
if you wanna be my lover by spice girls is like so stuck in my head right now hahahaha 
i dont feel good all of a sudden ... iPod , cocoa and my fluffy blankie all cuddled in bed .. yep great ending to a great day :) 
Sitten at brandins .. dont feel to good ... 
i love my amazing bf <3 
me and brandin are gonna go finish fixin my car ... whoo hahaha 
gotta pick up my car tomorrow poor baby ! making dinner .. playing Nintendo with < PROPMALE > and Brandin haha 
playing video games with < PROPMALE > haha 
like hardcore missing my homies ! 
No amount of coffee , no amount of crying , \ 
No amount of whiskey , no amount of wine , \ 
No , nothing else will do , I’ve gotta have you . 
I like you \ 
Girl you don't got nothing to prove to me\ 
I know that times have been rough for the both of us\ 
But i'll pray\ 
for a change\ 
You see this world has lots to offer , \ 
but in time it will go dark\ 
and if this love is what we say it is\ 
I'm sure we will go far\ 
and with a girl as sweet as you\ 
there's not much else I can do\ 
but fall for you 
taking blazer for some repairs then picking up my baby maybe ?? spending the day with my fav lil lady .. i love my gma :) 
yay so happy to have my baby back in the drive ! still cant go anywhere though .. lending it to mommy while she gets the blazer fixed . 
words cannot possibly even come close to express how i feel right now ... 
no thank you ! i dont wanna hear your bullshit :) 
\man tabby you got some trippy ass dreams ! \ " \ " wtf you expect when you fall asleep eating nutella while watching family guy ?! \ " shit happens when you party naked !! :P " 
i have a feeling this is just going to be a shitty week .. 
i think imma grab my sketch book and jam out to my ipod :) 
i hate when i cant shut my mind off and just sleep ! 
gonna pick up the blazer you know what that means !!! I GET MY CAR BACK CHYEAHHHH !!!! :P 
Haha i love my mom shes funny :) 
so mommy doesn't have to go into work tomorrow so were gonna have a girly day gonna do our hair and bullshit all day ! 
hmm what color should i pair with the black ? im thinking i might do the red again ! 
blah i wish it was easier for me to fall asleep ! 
chillen with my lil sissy tonight . not exactly what i had planned but i know were gonna have a freakin awesome time as always haha love you megbaby !!! 
hahahaha ppl are fucking crazy yo ! omg < PROPFEMALE > your cheer leading skillz rock my socks off .. pffft hahahahahahahaha hows that snow feel under your ass ? :P 
awe i cant make a good elephant sound :'( 
guess im just pathetic .. i give up . fuck this shit . 
You want to know what makes me love you more than I loved him ? It's because when he got me , I was perfectly unused . I was fearless , and a hopeless romantic . When you got me I was bruised and battered . I was afraid of the world and cynical about love . and yet , you didn't leave . <3 
Finally I have found a place into which I fit perfectly safely and securely with no doubts , no fears , no sadness , no tears . This place is filled with happiness and laughter , yet it is spacious enough to allow me the freedom to move around to live my life by myself . This wonderful place , which I never believed , really existed , I have finally found in your arms , in your heart , in your love . 
taking miss < PROPFEMALE > home soon .. wish she didn't have to but mother isn't in a very good mood today .. i hate being treated like a child .. 
today has been hands down one of the shittiest days in a good while ! fml 
chillen killen like a villain :) 
why is it that the good can never cancel out all the bad that happens ? cant for once like something good happen without 5 bad things ruining it all ?? 
i absolutely love being in love :) 
mother fucker im awesome :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Nickells Jr is a pussy ... just throwin that one out there hahaha love you bubby :) 
gotta finish going through that big box of junk sitting on my bed :( so txt me < PROPFEMALE > Nolen so i can get this shit done son ! 
i love surprising my mommy :) 
so . exhausted . xP 
Watching rugrats .. yeah im cool :) 
i feel like im losing my mind 
Tim ... youre an ass ! 
i love when i go out in public in my flannel jammies :) haha 
Me and baby cozy in bed with pizza rolls watching pride & prejudice . what a way to end the night :) 
Waiting for the end to come\ 
Wishing I had strenght to stand\ 
This is not what I had planned\ 
It’s out of my control\ 
Flying at the speed of light\ 
Thoughts were spinning in my head\ 
So many things were left unsaid\ 
It’s hard to let you go\ 
I know what it takes to move on\ 
I know how it feels to lie\ 
All I wanna do is trade this life for something new\ 
Holding on to what I haven’t got 
grrr i hate that you're pretty >:[ 
why does life and love have to be so fucking complicated ? cant we all just live and let live ?? 
my plans always get ruined somehow :'( 
getting ready . hopefully i have some much needed fun tonight !! 
i wanna do something tonight !!! 
At the hookah ! hellz yeah 
One of the hands down greatest nights ive had in a longass time ! gah i love yall <3 
for all you fake people who say you're my friend .. fuck you ! i know who truly has my back :) 
bottom line is that i love you but im letting go </3 
wtf ? im confused . how is that allowed ? 
listening to mother prance around singing < PROPMALE > haha good times happening at my house :) 
bout to make brandin pizza :) lmao 
i miss the good Ole days where i could believe what you said . 
not to sure what today has in store .. gonna see an old friend and then who knows ?! 
bout to head to ambers haven't seen her in forever ! 
Cant sleep ... wheres my sketchbook :) 
today could be going alot better but then i remember i have shitty luck so not gonna happen 
not feeling so good .. 
i think imma go sit in my room jam to some music and draw as always :) 
lots to do today . but in the end it'll turn out to be an amazing night :) 
wow that just pisses me off . like why the hell do they get special treatment like wtf did they do to deserve it ? bullshit . 
Brandins over :) 
hellz yeah im pumped haha 
Mommas home made pizza watching the game now all i need is my boy here to make it perfect <3 
i feel like im missing something .. but what ?? 
ecstatic beyond belief ! interview tomorrow at 2 . hope i get it fingers crossed !!! 
my day was going perfectly .. then i had to shed some tears bc god forbid you be happy or support me . 
scary .. i totally thought that boy was a girl ! now i feel bad haha 
listening to love songs always puts me in an amazing mood <3 
must you yell while on the phone mother ... someone needs a hearing < PROPFEMALE > :P 
my moms screaming bout poop i cant breathe im laughing so hard 
i have a feeling im not gonna sleep much tonight .. to much on my mind :/ 
well since it seems like everyone else is sleeping i might as well venture to dreamland myself :) 
i dont knoooooooooooow ... getting kinda nervous here hahaha 
i hate all the fighting .. interview ... then who knows . wish me luck ! but im sure i dont need it ;) 
my boyfriend is the best boyfriend in the world i love him so much idk what id do without him <3 
i hate when i get in a funky sad mood :/ especially for no apparent reason . 
Staying the night at m bubbys haha he snored through the entire movie :P 
life is good :) 
im so in love with \Batman \"" 
i hate being lied to more than anything in this world .. its ight tho cuz karmas a bitch . so dont worry hunni you'll get yours soon enough :) 
if you dont like me then stop talking to me ! delete me ! dont text me ! lose my number ! and stay the hell out of my life ! simple as that douche-bag ! god you're annoying ! 
wow my heart just dropped .. 
this is me giving up and letting go . i can no longer stand the pain . its killing me .. and im not ready to die just yet . 
greys anatomy then private practice .. oh yeah haha 
hoping this will kick in so i can go to sleep ! getting up bright and early for work . not looking forward to the morning .. its like school all over again .. momma better make me some coffee haha 
getting ready for work .. i wonder what the day shall consist of ?? 
Out of work a hell of a day haha 
No matter what there is always that one person i know i can rely on .. my mommy :) i love her ! 
im missing you terribly :'( 
and can i get a hot tub !!!!!!!!!!! :P 
this is probably THE worst valentines day ive ever had to endure .. gotta work then sit home by myself .. i cant even see the love of my life .. i cant wait to make some < PROPMALE > changes this summer !! 
dear < PROPFIRST > from the bank you put my bf to shame today lmao 
work .. and im just not feelin it today :/ cant wait to come home and take a nap lmao 
11 is my limit anymore damn am I getting old ! I haven't partied in like woo forever !!!! I think Ive lost it .. oh no .. it cant be .. Ive turned into a ... responsible adult ! noooooooooo ! I must rebel before its to late !!!! hahaha 
blah guess i better get motivated and start getting all spiffy for work haha 
pizza ? wings ? yep sounds like a party to me :) 
so hate wasting a beautiful day like this imma find something to do :) 
my boyfriend means everything to me gah i love you so much brandin :) 
making cupcakes :D 
wow i so need an adjustment i thought it was like 8 ! no .. not even close lmao 
never again will i go to such a length for a freakin cupcake ! now i have a headache ugh ! 
work till 4 then i get to see my baby im so excited !!!!!!! 
exhausted !! had such an amazing weekend :) goin to bed i need to catch up on some zzz's haha 
dear mother nature .. you suck :/ 
work was a blast tonight haha hated the drive home though ! im terrified to drive in snow since the accident :( 
work in a bit sigh not in the best workin mood :/ 
in dire need of a vaca ... who wants to go to cali !?!?!?!? haha 
sooo freakin tired ! ehh i dont wanna go to work today haha lame :/ hoping i can catch up and see all my poor neglected friends haha especially Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Nolen who i miss terribly !!!! 
sometimes its like you dont even care .. so why again is it that i bother ? why should i be the only one to fight ? im sick of giving it my all for you to just give it a quick glance .. we both know i deserve better than this . 
work in a lil maybe i should be getting ready instead of on facebook haha 
i love how i have off and dont know what to do with myself lmao 
you absolutely mean the world to me and you cant even see that .. blah give up goin to bed 
i hate snow so freaking much anymore ! have the day off and cant go anywhere great freaking great ! you wreck one time ONE TIME and its like oh you cant drive anytime it snows .. pssh i do what i want !!! 
i will always be a disappointment . 
what a day !! 
saying goodbye is always so hard for me to do :'( 
miss how it used to be .. miss all my old friends .. life was simpler back then . 
long ass day thought it would never end !! cant wait for this weekend its gonna be a blast !! 
you are the only person i know that could turn my entire life upside down .. 
I wanna die . Seriously i hate this feeling i hate this life . I cant deal with this . I hate emotions . I hate love . I wish u could see this through my eyes .. 
getting ready for work . i just wanna go back to bed :( 
i hate waking up every hour to half hour checking the time :/ 
work till 4 . ugh i got the hiccups :( 
im beat son ! scared if i lay down ill fall asleep haha 
Waiting for the end to come \ 
Wishing I had strength to stand \ 
This is not what I had planned \ 
It's out of my control . Flying at the speed of light \ 
Thoughts were spinning in my head \ 
So many things were left unsaid \ 
It's hard to let you go . I know what it takes to move on , \ 
I know how it feels to lie , \ 
All I wanna do \ 
Is trade this life for something new \ 
Holding on to what I haven't got 
work till 4 as usual then some stuff i gotta do . haha 
i love jamming out to the oldies haha 
im so numb right now ! i think its time to crawl into my warm comfy bed ! dream sweetly facebookers ! 
today is going to be an amazing day ! :D 
chopped all my hair off and now its getting dyed ! hahaha pics soon dont you worry ! going back to kaycees ! haha me and < PROPFEMALE > are kitties :P 
had such an amazing weekend gah i love my life these days :) 
ugh dont feel like doing anything but lay around . today shall be a lazy day :) 
going to the besties blah i feel icky today maybe she can cheer me up !! 
I hate when my mom cries it makes me cry :'( i hate not knowing whats gonna happen . i love my family . 
super sick and i have to work tomorrow great . i know its gonna suck but were praying for the best . hopefully things will turn out ok . 
i hate how everything is crashing down right here right at this moment . i dont wanna go i dont wanna see a horrible outcome but i have to .. i have to be strong and hope for the best . i love my family more than anything and nothing will ever break that bond . 
tired but dont wanna sleep just yet blah maybe ill touch up my hair :) 
You know that I'm a wreck\ 
And You know I cant breathe\ 
At the edge of my seat with each word\ 
As the months turn into years\ 
just know that I will wait ... here\ 
For you\ 
Cause I pray for a change\ 
And with a girl as sweet as you\ 
There's not much else I can do\ 
Guess im worse than i thought .. i need a dr :( 
no biggie its just my heart that you broke . :'( 
I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > kline bestie forever nothing can change that NOTHING ! 
< PROPMALE > YOU'RE FUCKING < PROPFEMALE > BITCH ! 
wow . just ... wow . :'/ 
you wanna cut me out fine . but dont act like i meant nothing . 
migraine . cluster fuck of emotions . tears . bed . 
all im asking for is a super cute accent ! everything sounds better with an accent ! haha 
cleaning .. yay :/ 
chick you're seriously psycho . im done being your friend if your gonna bring me down in every way possible . get off your high horse and get a fucking life . stay the hell out of mine . i dont need your approval . what i choose to do in life is my business . i love who i wanna love and i do whatever the fuck i want . i make my own decisions . got a problem with that its to damn bad . you're nothing to me . peace . 
watching skins . dunking oreos in milk . yep its a mighty fine night :) 
i love watching lil kid movies ... ill never grow up .. ohh wellllll :) 
i always get what i want dont think for a second that you can stand in my way 
its so freaking cold in my house im a human Popsicle ! work soon . i know it'll be warm there haha 
WHAT THE FRENCH TOAST ! 
there Ive said what i needed . take it how you want . the damage is already done . 
wtf dude ! i just got attacked by a < PROPFEMALE > ! prolly looked like a crazy person running around flailing my arms in my driveway lmao 
day out with momma :) 
doing my hair and even i dont know what its gonna look like .. good thing i have $$ to run to the store for a diff dye if it looks funky haha 
omg .. never again will i listen to what ppl think i should do .. cant get this fucking red out of my hair done so much to it tonight ill be lucky if im not bald by morning !!! so now i have blonde , brown , orangey-pink hair ! fucking great :/ 
massive migraine ! im never gonna sleep tonight :( 
cant it be 7 already ?? im ready for a nap ! work till 4 then being kidnapped by momma till round 7 ! its gonna be a hell of a day . 
its gonna be an amazing day :) 
If i'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose , If i'm not that arrow to the heart of you , If you don't get drunk on my kiss , If you think you can do better than this , Then i guess we're done let's not drag this on .. Consider me gone </3 
fml . i hate this part . tears . pain . i wanna skip it all and go to the happy \im so over it\ " phase . " 
blasted headache grrrrr 
Like a river flows surely to the sea \ 
Darling so it goes \ 
some things are meant to be \ 
take my hand , take my whole life too \ 
for I can't help falling in love with you \ 
<3 Elvis 
Love ? We think about it , sing about it , dream about it , lose sleep worrying about it . When we don't have it , we search for it ; when we discover it , we don't know what to do with it ; when we have it , we fear losing it . It is the constant source of pleasure and pain . Be we can't predict which it will be from one moment to the next . It is a short word , easy to spell , difficult to define , impossible to live without . 
work till 4 then cleaning ... happy happy joy joy :/ 
ugh i hate not having anything to do :/ 
i think things just got extremely worse .. 
im sick of the drama bullshit . im ready to live life and have fun :) 
gonna watch a movie with leash :) 
im all giggly silly thats how you know im tired :) 
wish i could just sleep . yesterday wore me out entirely ! cant wait to come home and watch movies with leash :) 
tonight i shall relax and enjoy being lazy for once haha 
so far this weekend sucks :/ 
didnt think tonight would ever end im gone xP 
i love you robin <3 
drama drama drama ! everywhere i go its all i hear ! 
well i think imma shower then head to bed sweet dreams yall :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Nolen ya know what bitch fuck your fucking interesting law and order for distracting me when i should of went to bed hahaha not to mention stick it ! buuuuuuuut i still love you :) see you when i get home !!!! 
its gonna be a rough day 
bored gonna watch some tv with < PROPFIRST > !! htc homies :) 
you're such an asshole cant believe you would say such a thing ! i hope you know you're only making it worse for yourself ! 
you say you love me but all i hear is lies </3 
i wanna go to the beach and get my tan on sooooo bad ! hurry the hell up summer ! 
determined to do something today just unsure of what just yet ... 
work . tired . < PROPFEMALE > Nolen cheer up buttercup ill talk to you as soon as i get out of work i love you robin :) 
decisions decisions haha 
i never realized how bad words can hurt until you 
invader zim you make my mornings :) 
i hate waiting around for something that may never come . 
oh i just adore when im up and dont have to be :/ 
work and after that the fun begins ! 
my brain is not functioning well today :/ 
bout that time i go make some subs haha 
i have a feeling this shitty week will never end . 
< PROPFEMALE > faci sa visez in culori <3 
you make me dream in color <3 
i hate when me and mom fight :( 
please please please let me open my eyes to a magnificent day ! 
well today was ruined buuuut hopefully sunday we can make up for lost time :) 
it really pisses me off to find things out on Facebook like really you cant contact a person ?! 
i absolutely hate my dentist .. in sooooooo much pain :'( 
i just wanna scream obscenities ... my whole entire right side of my mouth is killing me ! like really dude c'mon how many times must i complain till you do your fucking job correctly ?? in worse pain than before i went in ! fucking idiots ! 
im gonna be an auntie soon ! so excited bout to get ready and head to the hospital to be there when my lil girl arrives :D 
is in dire need of some sleep ! little miss addison < PROPFIRST > is so cute ! im super proud to be her auntie :) 
Easter with my baby i love you brandin :) 
you'll soon realize that you were wrong and what you're missing out on and when that day arrives ill already forgive you for the hurtful things you said but it doesn't change the fact how you constantly hurt me and think that its alright ... what ever happened to unconditional love ?? 
Its times like these when i miss you most ... \\n 
well brandins prom tonight cant wait to see old friends and look all cute and spiffy :) 
tomorrow gma will be 72 hopefully brandin can show up and i got another dental disaster bound to happen ugh ! love them so freaking much dont know what id possibly do without them in my life :) 
If you want something , dont wish for it . Life is too short to wait . 
gma left for New York wont be back till friday so ill be spending lots of time with my kayceekinns :) 
