It's not fun being gutted-lol . Gonna be out of commission for a while . Hope everyone is doing great . 

I get to go back to work tomorrow !! Dr. said I'm healing fast and I'm getting a little restless being home all the time . 
I have the greatest husband and kids in the world !!!!!! 
The air conditioning in my truck went out !!! I hate sleeping in a hot ass truck . Now I gotta go to the shop and get it fixed ! That'll take probably 3 days like last time . 
I've taken way too many quizzes so now that I'm totally bored and stuck in the Chicago area without a reload-I think I'll go in the truck stop for some breakfast . I'm hungry now 
why is it when you go have breakfast they NEVER cook the eggs right ? How hard is it to understand \scrambled burnt ? \ " sheesh ! " 
on the phone with the husband , chatting on here with my mother and my daughter-what could be better ? 
running out of internet time-not paying for another 24 hrs so everyone have a great day and talk to you all later . 
stuck in Breezewood , < PROPFEMALE > this weekend and am supposed to be home Tues-might not happen and if it doesn't I'm gonna kill my dispatcher !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so bored I'm watching the Fox and the hound parts one and two-haha saw < PROPMALE > and company earlier-next come the Saw movies-1-5 
time to go get some vittles-lol 
Mom and I are taking quizzes !! Got her hooked on them-lol 
going to bed finally-got lots of errands to run tomorrow and get to see 2 of the grandkids for dinner tomorrow night !! yay 
Have you ever been so tired that you couldn't go to sleep ? That's how I am right now . So much going on in my head that I can't be still long enough to fall asleep . If the hubby wasn't sleeping I'd vacuum , mop , and find other projects to do . Awww man this sucks-lol 
Seems like the older you get the more you need to learn . Learned how to use cam and load the pics on here yesterday . All I should have to do is click on a button and look at stuff-lmao . But I did figure it out and then learned how to backup my pics on a memory stick so I don't lose my pics-ever . YAY ! I'm gonna keep learning . Now if I could just figure out the DVD player-haha . 
OK- this Familylink thing is pissing me off ! I corrected the relationships 6 times and they keep going back to what was on there . How do I make it be right ! I put in the correct info then hit save and it goes back wrong after I'm done . AAAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH !!!!!! 
on the road again headed to massachusettes 
Snuck online in Jax , Ms. Headed to Ohio in the morning for a Monday delivery and then don't know where to next and when I'll get online again . Happy Thanksgiving to everyone . 
I'M SO BORED !!!!!!!!!! 
I didn't know so many of Totals employees were smart enough to figure out Facebook ! just kidding-lmao 
Gotta get off my rested lazy behind and start driving at 3am . Heading to Baton Rouge for a delivery and then don't know where to next . Yipee ! Ain't life grand ? 
going to take a bath now-just had a steak dinner and 2 glasses of wine for dinner-and its all free-shit I can't believe my luck today-woohoooooo --- I feel good , nananananana 
finally got unloaded this afternoon in Baton Rouge-headed to < PROPFEMALE > now 
Going to bed-don't know when I'll get back on here so everyone have a great week ! < PROPFEMALE > here I come ! 
I bitch about not getting < PROPMALE > , I finally get some and what happens ? A freaking deer puts me out of commission til I get a new hood put on . Crap ! Oh well , at least I wasn't hurt 
la de da da-I'm bored in Lexington , NC . Truck is in the shop-there's so many problems with it-darnit !! 
Geez-learning these new fangled phones is hard . They don't give you directions for everything a person might wanna do-like permanently unlock the darn thing . My old style flip phone was going out on me so I got a LG Xenon today and man , it's gonna take a while to learn this one . Such is life . Anyways-good night everyone . 
Got home at 130am Tues !! A day early . I am so glad to be here but now I have to clean , do laundry , cook-lol1 But that's the stuff I like to do . I'm just so glad to be here after the weekend I h ad on the road in the snowstorm . 
Waiting for the husband to get off work ( at 7 pm ) and < PROPFEMALE > to show up !! Gonna bake pies today and get all the non refridgerated items I need together on the counter so I don't miss anything tomorrow-still thinking about whether or not to put up a tree today . Those who know me well understand why I haven't put one up since ' 04 . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!! 
for some reason whenever I try to get on familylink it says I have hundreds of trojan viruses . Does this happen to everyone ? I'm going to delete it from my < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hope everyone had a nice Christmas . Heading to SC to see my sons family for a few hours tomorrow morning . Have fun everyone . 
Sitting here waiting to see if I'm going to get a load today or if the company is going to leave me home til after the first . I kinda want both-lol . 
stopped to visit my mother and dad for a while . I don't deliver until tomorrow at 2300 so I figured I'd make her cook for me-lol . just kidding but we are having real food tonight . I have 700 < PROPMALE > to go and have plenty of time so I am taking some time for me . 
Home for a couple of days-get to go to see my doctor again tomorrow-yuck . This is going to be one interesting year to say the least 
Getting up at 430 am and heading to < PROPFIRST > ! See ya on the turnaround ! Everyone be safe and keep it inside the white lines . 
ran nights this week-almost out of hours so I get to take it easy this weekend and get a restart in-yipee ! Wish I could be home for it though . Oh well , I'm going home on Feb 3rd . that's a month and a half this time . 
Indy Colts just beat the crap out of the NY jets !! yay 
Heading to my delivery in Atlanta now . Then back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night . Feb 3 can't come fast enough-I get to go home then . This time I'll have been out for 37 days . whew ! Gonna stop staying out so long soon . Maybe I'll win the lottery soon-LMAO ! 
Don't you just hate it when nothing goes the way it's supposed to ? Time to be doing some job hunting-see what's out there . 
Home and have lots to do before I go back out on Monday . Gonna see if I can sneak into H&R Block and get my taxes done this weekend . Probably going to SC the end of the month . Maybe on March 5-when I can get hubby to go with me . Gonna have to find out if that'll be ok . Hope everyone is having a good weekend . 
I don't like this new facebook . I like the old one better . Hope it changes back . 
So I have a question . My daughter is pregnant and I came up with a great name . How many of you think ADDISON PEYTON is a great name for a girl ? I love it because it's not too common and strong . Be honest . 
Time to get off my lazy behind and drive to Pennsylvania now . Got my restart in so I have fresh hours now-yay ! Still a little mad and have a killer headache though . Tylenol isn't working . Maybe some Hypnotik will work-lmao !! Have a Happy Valentines everyone . 
Finally out of the snow but don't know for how long . Got the truck washed at the streakin beacon tonight and when it dried it looked a little better but , man the streaks and missed spots make it look sorry . Wish we could use a different wash place . 
Yay !! I'm home a day early . My dispatcher let me come home today and I'm so glad . I've got so many things I need to do this time . My daughter just bought a house so I need to go thru mine and get things together for her to help her out . A new house and a baby and a new car all in one year ! Whew ! She's braver than I am . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > and I'm getting off here now , ok , ok , I'm going . Sheesh-lol 
Geez ! I do more work at home than I do the entire month I am on the road , lol . I'm gonna be so tired when I go back to work Monday . 
I am so worn out ! I haven't stopped doing things since I got home Tuesday . Cleaning , rearranging , going thru the house and getting things together for < PROPFEMALE > , cooking for < PROPMALE > , getting groceries , doing errands , -- should I go on ? haha- I'm just tired and my feet hurt . I need a hot bubble bath . After I do dishes , finish the scrapbooking , rehang pictures , lmao . Have a good night everyone . 
HI HO HI HO It's off to work I go . Supposed to head out today . Man I wish I was < PROPMALE > so I could only work when I wanna , lmao . 
no air conditioner again ! This sux . It's hot as hell ! 
woohoo , yipee ! At the Lexington , NC yard waiting to go in the shop and get fixed . These mechanics actually fix trucks , unlike some of the other yards . At least I know when I leave here I'm good for a long time . Cabbagepatchin !!! lmao 
In a hotel-had a nice bubble bath , have a < PROPMALE > size bed , tv , air conditioning , and a pizza on the way . Ahhh , so relaxing . 
truck is fixed , got air conditioning , a few new tires and several other things fixed . Just waiting on dispatch to give me a load now . Yay ! 
Well , I'm in the Chicago area and delivering in < PROPMALE > , Il tomorrow morning . Then , who knows where I go . Take me home Toto ! hahahaha 
unloading in < PROPMALE > , Il now . Don't know where I'm headed next . I do know I won't eat at that restaurant in Markham again . It kinda made me sick . 
delivered in chattanoogie and been up 31 hours . I'm so tired I can't sleep . Gonna do my emergency thingy and if I tell ya , I gotta kill ya . Haha . Just kidding . Good nite/day folks 
yay ! Got an Ohio load . Not an east coast one . Woohoo . Gonna nap for a few hours . Hope everyone has a great day . I am so far , even made my dispatcher crack a smile today ! I'm on a roll now folks . 
arizona bound ! Yay 
well I delivered in Az this morning now I'm reloading for < PROPFIRST > wed am . Who wants to bet I won't be home friday ? Any takers ? Haha 
in Tx now . Deliver < PROPFIRST > in the morning then reload there and head for New Iberia , La for thurs morning . Doesn't look good for friday noon hometime . Crap 
got my XY shifter fixed yesterday now having a gasket on the radiator fixed . But the part has to get here first . Not gonna make it home tomorrow now ! 
well , trk might be ready tonight . Still waiting 
truck out of the shop . Pick up load in < PROPFIRST > at 5am . Going to the horse track with some mechanics now . Hmmm , whats that all about ? 
trucking sucks sometimes . Wont make it home til late tomorrow . Reload hasnt even been started yet dammit ! I'm changing my day that I'm coming back on the road . I lost 2 days so I'm taking them back 
heading to Perry , Ga to deliver . Should be home by 6pm 
I'm home . < PROPFIRST>'s belly is big ! Yay , I'm home finally . 
I can't believe I can't sleep . Finally home and wide awake after taking a 5 hour nap . Guess I'll sleep when I'm dead . lol 
packed the vehicles , doing the uhaul , when hubby gets home . Bedroom furniture is heavy and I need help with it . I don't want < PROPFIRST > doing it , even tho she's mad that I won't let her lift heavy stuff . I'm afraid she's gonna hurt herself or the baby . < PROPFIRST > , this is your cue to step in and tell her I'm right . 
Yay ! we made it to North < PROPFEMALE > safely and < PROPFEMALE>'s boyfriend helped unload . Tomorrow I'm heading back home to do stuff . I'm worn out . 
Home and still busy . I am gonna go sit down and watch tv for a while . Cook dinner at the same time , laundry too . Then tomorrow all I have to do is go to the commissary and visit the cemetery . Can't wait til I can retire . lol 
I can't believe all this rain , I can swim in the yard . The weather channel said something about Atlanta having flooding again ? I hope everyone is ok . 
I tell you what . It doesn't do any good to do favors for this company ! I finished a fedex load going to < PROPMALE > for a driver that \didn't have the hours\ " to do the load and now I have to sit here til Thurs for a reload ! This is bullshit ! Gonna be making some phone calls in the morning ! " 
heading to Massachusetts for Monday . Didn't hardly do any < PROPMALE > ( 700 ) this week . My dispatcher gets off vacation tomorrow so things will get better . Happy mothers day to all the moms out there ! 
I need to find a different kind of job that pays good . Trucking is getting to me . Freaking fighting to get < PROPMALE > and covering short crap for people with e logs sux ! Aaarrrgghhhhh ! 
going to pickup in Northampton and heading for Chattanooga for Wed . Hmmph 
sitting in Absecon , NJ for a 530am delivery . Wonder where I'm going next ? 
sitting in Williston , SC for a delivery in the morning . It's thundering and lightening and raining here so no sleep for me tonight . 
well , lets see if I get unloaded today . Recv says load isn't due til tomorrow , broker says ( after I called today ) that appt is today or tomorrow , dispatch has it for today . So lets see if I get unloaded . Hhh , trucking ! 
loading in Clinton , SC heading for Brookhaven , MS . 
i have been sitting in dublin , ga since 2pm waiting to get unloaded . Cant sleep cuz u have to move up every time the truck in front of u does . Have a load to pick up in the morning and i am not gonna get any sleep . Been up since midnite . Im tired 
I hate when drivers drop messed up trailers at a shipper and I get stuck having to get them fixed when they are loaded . I have to be in NY Mon morning but the trl is in the shop ! Crap 
unloading in Watertown , NY . I know I'm gonna head south after this but where to ? Hmmm 
I think that dispatchers need to preplan drivers for monday before they leave work on friday ! At least the drivers that always deliver early or on time , and they know who those drivers are . Dammit < PROPMALE > Akins , bring your butt back to total ! 
resting for the day . No hours left to drive so i went and did some shopping . I'm so overtired that i can't sleep 
loading in Fayetteville and heading to < PROPFEMALE > . for Fri morning . Yipee ! ( sarcastic ) 
unloading in Mass today . Got a short sucky 152 mile load for Tues that I'm trying to get out of . The dispatchers need to find something with more < PROPMALE > than that 
446 < PROPMALE > for a tues delivery ! Man that sux . At least I have my < PROPMALE > in for the month already . Guess I'm gonna be lazy and relaxing again . Gonna wear the tv out this month . Haha 
looks like I'm keeping this load til Wed . Dammit ! Guess I'll drive 100 < PROPMALE > a day . I just work too hard . ( sarcasm ) 
sitting in Richmond , Va til I get a load . Dropped this one here . More tv time 
got a good load heading to La . Doesnt load til 5 pm tho 
stopping in SC for the night . Good night everyone 
hope I get a load going by the house Fri . Running out of meds and need more . Hhh . Do have a reload to Dublin , Ga that < PROPMALE > . tomorrow but need to get there tomorrow evening . Guess I need to let dispatch know . Only thing is when you ask to go one way you are sent in the other direction . That's trucking . Yipee , gotta love it . 
get to go thru < PROPMALE > tonight but if i go home i won't wanna leave so i'm gonna do a drive by and wave at the house . But hubby is meeting me for a few mins at the truck stop to bring me my meds . Yay ! I get a hug and kiss ! That'll keep me going for the next week . 
Have you ever loved someone so much that when you see them for a few minutes , and you'll be going home in a week , when you part ways again it brings tears to your eyes ? I'm a big sap but it happened when hubby turned to go home and I kept going straight to my delivery . Hurry up June 10th !!!! I wanna go home . 
picked up my 45000 pond water load and the freakin trl has no brakes . Now I'm sitting at the < PROPFEMALE > til the part comes in . Drivers who drop broken trls should be fined or fired dammit !!! This makes me so mad 
ok , everyone make big wishes that I still make it home Thurs . I don't want my son going to Korea for a year without being able to see him first . So send out those positive thoughts . 
just dropped my load in Kearny , NJ . Now I'm gonna make me some vittles and hunker down fer the night . Hahahaha 
loading in < PROPMALE > of Prussia , < PROPFEMALE > heading back to Dublin , Ga . Looks like I might make it home on time after all . Let's hope I didn't just jinx it . Lol 
I might make it home tonight if these people keep unloading trucks like they are . I'm next in line to get a door so I should be outta here in about 4 hours . 
my son and his family are gonna be here in a few hours !! I'm so excited ! I get to see the grandsons , < PROPMALE > still hasn't seen the youngest yet . I can't stop moving around-I have so much excited energy ! I just wanna scream ! 
wow ! < PROPMALE > fixed my bike and then took it for a spin . The boys are getting so big , Kaity looks great . < PROPMALE > looks great ! I'm happy . < PROPFEMALE > called today and is doing good . Life is good ! 
good night everyone . 
< PROPMALE > and Kaity went to the movies and we got to babysit . We watched Lion < PROPMALE > 1 1/2 and Madagascar2 . < PROPMALE > was so good . < PROPMALE > ate good and burped good and both boys were asleep at 2315 . It was a good nite with the grandsons . Only thing I forgot to do was put pajamas on them but I think they will sleep good anyway . I even got a few pics I will post later . Being a grandma is so kool !!!! 
gotta get all my stuff done today and get ready to go back on the road tomorrow . I was beginning to like being a couch potato . lol 
Well my dispatcher quit today so my < PROPMALE > are up in the air now . I have one dispatcher mon-wed and then another one on thurs and fri . I do know that the guy who is my dispatcher on thurs and fri-I'm gonna fight that one . He's a good guy but a sucky dispatcher . Either I get a different one or I get transferred or I go to another company . So I'm gonna try to enjoy my last night at home and see ya'll tomorrow . 
1500 < PROPMALE > for 2 days ! I love my new dispatcher ! Lets hope he keeps this up . He's a former trucker so that makes a big difference . Been wanting on his board since he started with Total ! Yay ! 
unloading in Bluffton , In today . Lumpers charge way too much to unload trucks ! Wonder what I'm gonna do for the weekend ? 
I can't believe how childish some people can be ! So wrapped up in thier pitiful sad lives then they alienate thier few friends they have ! Fucking idiots ! 
heading to Northampton , < PROPFEMALE > for an asap delivery . Will get it there tomorrow sometime 
delivered in mass a while ago . Don't have a reload so I'm sitting and gonna rewatch Grays anatomy for the 6th time . 
I could watch Greys anatomy all the time ! < PROPFEMALE > and Izzy are the best . Gonna finish my restart today then deliver this load wherever they decide it should go . 
just had a blow out ! Scared the crap out of me ! Haha , then when I pulled over , two guys in a pickup pulled in front of me and wanted to buy some of my water ! I wasn't giving them 7 bottles for free-I have to pay for them too . Waiting on the tire fixer dude now . 
picking up Fedex heading for < PROPFEMALE > . Load picks up at 4am so I'm going to bed . Nite all 
I cannot believe my luck ! Went to get my Fedex ld and the road is closed at the turn to thier street due to a downed power line . The storm here was pretty bad . 
delivered < PROPFEMALE > load 4 hrs early . Have a short reload but it's ok . I'm going to bed , I'm exhausted . 
heading to < PROPFEMALE > . for a 2am delivery . Fun fun 
NY < PROPFEMALE > inspected me today ! No violations . That means I get a bonus ! Yay 
I'm in the middle of nowhere Vermont to pick up a hot load that Ga has to have Mon morning and guess what ? This plant shut down the area I need to pick up at for the weekend . The broker thinks he can make them load me . We'll see . I sure don't wanna be stuck here til Mon waiting to load . 
yay ! The broker made it happen . He called the big boss here and they made someone from the west side go to the east side and I'm gonna get loaded ! I'm so relieved . 
getting the best club sammich ( lol ) in the world in Frystown , < PROPFEMALE > then gonna catch up my paperwork and get in bed . Hope I can sleep tonight . Have fun ya'll! < PROPFEMALE > hah 
I saw the coolest thing today going down I81 in WVA yesterday . There was some kind of bird ( not a vulture or buzzard ) that flew over the interstate carrying a snake ! I've only ever seen that on tv . I think it was awesome ! 
sitting at < PROPFIRST>'s having breakfast and got a reload to freakin Miami . Ughh 
Unloading in Miami , don't have reload yet and only have 3 hrs left today . Don't think I'm gonna get outta here tonight . 
I'm waiting for these people to kick me off the property . I don't know where any close truck stops are and by now they are full anyway . That's what I get for hoping for a reload today . Shoulda known better . That's why I hate coming to Fla , it's hard to get out ! 
I think I'm gonna have to start a petition to tricare for my life . Meds aren't working anymore so I need the expensive stuff now . Don't know why my life has to be like this , makes me wonder what I did to deserve all this crap . Oh well , just gotta take what comes my way . 
unloading in Spartanburg then out of hours so I get to be lazy til tomorrow . Yay 
sitting in loudon tonight . Gonna take a Ky load ( state not jelly ) tomorrow then come back and grab an Indiana load for Mon delivery . Have a safe 4th everyone , I'm gonna be working . 
sitting in Dearborn , Mi waiting to unload half the trl then taking the rest back to Markham yard . Whoever dropped this there added < PROPMALE > to the trip by not delivering it . Tranny is messing up in my truck so I need to put the poor thing in the shop , I put 446318 mi on it since I've had it . 
putting my truck in the shop . Bet I'll be here a few days 
back to barfing . Need to get back on prednisone to make inflammation go down . This operation didn't keep me well very long . I hate being ill . 
don't feel good . Gonna lay down 
well , the company put me in a room cuz my truck went to the dealer today . The only good thing about that is I have a tub . But every day I have to pack up , go back to the yard til 5pm then come back to the hotel til my truck is fixed . What is the point of that ? Oh , well . But I would rather be in my truck . Waaaaaaaaaah . lol 
I'm gonna take a bubble bath ! yippee ki yay 
all the good hotels are booked up because of freakin nascar crap so I had to go to this nasty hot super 8 motel . It really is gross . I haven't had a cold shower in years but I had to cool off in this room somehow . And my hubby went to my drs office and mad them call in a rx for me so I can get better . I think he loves me . 
Looks like I'm here for the weekend . Volvo said it'll be a few days before my truck is ready . Gotta find me a better hotel 
truck needs a new transmission darnit . So I am here for the weekend for sure . Bored , broke but gonna be nice and rested when they finally fix my truck . 
don't you hate it when you fall asleep early watching tv then wake up at 3am and can't go back to sleep ? 
it's storming like hell here now . I'm bored . There's only so much tv and so many baths a person can take in a day . Lol 
just called the shop . My truck might be ready today ! Keeping my fingers crossed ! 
trucks ready now I have to find a way to go get it 
delivered my < PROPFEMALE > load . Waiting for a reload in the morning . Gonna eat southern fried chicken here in wilkes barre , < PROPFEMALE > ! Haha , how funny . Then I'm going to go to bed and watch tv til I < PROPFEMALE > ss out . Yay !!! 
going to bed . < PROPMALE > in Michigan tomorrow am . Goodnight folks 
yay ! First stop is gonna unload me early cuz they only get 12 boxes . I might make the second stop on time . Then head further north to my last stop for tomorrow am . So I get to be lazy tonight . 
22 more days til I go home and 24 days til my 3rd grandson is due . Life is good ! 
at my last stop , Traverse City , Mi . The drive here was amazing . There's a huge lake I passed by , lots of boats , casino . This is a pretty place . Let's hope I get a reload for the weekend . 
It's noon . No reload yet . Getting worried now , lol 
picking up in Pigeon , Mi heading to NC for mon am . Not alot of < PROPMALE > but at least I'm not sitting the entire weekend . 
resting today in Mt Airy , NC . Deliver tomorrow am in Morganton , NC . So I am a whole 100 < PROPMALE > from my delivery here . I think I need a co driver . Lmao 
made it to my delivery . Now I need a reload . A long one . Hey ! < PROPFIRST > Reeves , you hear me ? 
all this sitting around on these short loads is killin me and my bank account . Need to find a job with < PROPMALE > . I think my dispatcher is scared I'm gonna break down again . 
Lakeland , Fla . Have to unload 1/2 the trl here then the rest in Pompano Beach in the am . I NEED A CO DRIVER ! Hahahaha 
delivering in atl then taking 10 hr break then heading to RI for fri . Wow ! 
going to bed and gonna get up at 1am and start driving again , heading to Rhode Island for Friday am . Have a great evening everyone ! 
I really need to wash my truck . Being dot'd in Va now . 
getting my truck washed . And I'm actually paying for it . Maybe I won't get dot'd again for a while . Lol 
I fought the truck but it turned into the Frystown Pilot anyway . Then my airlines wrapped around me and dragged me into the restaurant and made me order the club sandwich . Now I'm ready to go back to sleep but have to drive . Lol 
So I was just told by our safety guy that we don't get bonuses for < PROPFEMALE > inspections unless its during a \special\ " time like the 72 hr roadcheck . That should have been on the qualcomm message ! That pisses me off . I don't know what to think about this damn company anymore . Any suggestions ? " 
got a decent load for the weekend . And of course its raining cuz I washed my truck yesterday ! Such is life . Lmao 
sitting in Gaffney , SC . Gonna grab a shower and be lazy til about 1am then go to my delivery in Atl for the morning . 
watching an old movie called \RAIDERS OF THE 7 SEAS\ " . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > sure changed alot as she aged . " 
1953 version of Moulin Rouge . Kinda sad in a way . It's not over yet but it's different . 
got a funny feeling I'm gonna have to take this load somewhere else . Then I'm gonna be late . Sitting in Atl at Sams Club but I have a gut feeling about it . Hope I'm wrong . 
help ! I need a co driver ! Got a whole 246 < PROPMALE > to do today ! Lmao 
sitting in Loudon now . Gonna go to bed in about 10 mins . Nite all 
Went to walmart , got some more baby stuff for < PROPFIRST > . Now I'm doing laundry and will head to Ohio later today . I am at peace , content and relaxed today . 
unloading and reloading in Nashville . Headed back up to Ohio with the reload . 
back in Nashville . Doing another turnaround to Ohio . 
got the rest of the day off . Vaccumed and scrubbed inside my truck . Now the whole thing is sparkly ! P/u tomorrow and head to Newark , NJ for mon am . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to swap loads tomorrow so I am going to Wisconsin instead of Jersey . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
sitting in second construction backup . Got two more before I get back to < PROPMALE > , Oh . Damn 
I THINK LUMPERS ARE A RIP OFF ! Why the hell should we pay to unload shit the receivers order ? It's a rip off and scam ! They make me so mad 
This is the coolest thing ! Someone called my co on my driving and said that after I was cut off by a car ( which happens lots ) I handled the situation safely and kept the situation accident free . I know people call in bad stuff but it's so nice to be called in for good stuff . I feel so good right now . ( at least til I hear from disp @ my trk and hometime situation ) 
aw crap , < PROPFEMALE > is being induced today cuz < PROPFIRST > is so big and she has too much water in her . 
< PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital now ( all alone ) and hooked up but they won't start the inducing drug til tomorrow morning . I was gonna cut the cord but , oh well , such is life . Will post pics when I see them this weekend ! 
so as of an hour ago < PROPFEMALE > was 9.5 cm dialated , Blakes blood pressure went back to normal and hopefully he will be here in a few hours . She's funny when she's drugged up . Ya'll should hear her . Haha 
< PROPFIRST > was born at 821pm , 8 lbs 15 oz and 20 in long . I got to hear him cry on the phone ! 
why don't brokers tell us to get mty and loaded scale tickets ? Damn , I'm standing here in this off the wall place waiting for a scale ticket and these idiots act like they don't see me . If I ever move don't let me use Mayflower ! 
< PROPFIRST > is amazing ! He has a great set of lungs on him . We have alot to do tomorrow but I will be posting new pics tomorrow nite . He is going to be spoiled !!! 
so now < PROPFIRST > is having his first dr appt . Then we will be doing stuff all day . I'm starving ! Lol . Where's Burger < PROPMALE > ? I need a whopper ! 
Last night I cooked < PROPMALE > , tonight I'm cooking American . Poor < PROPFIRST > is so busy being a mom and too tired to argue or cook . Yay for me ! I love to cook . 
so today is 4 generation photo day ! Yay !!! Can't wait to get them and post them 
Oh , the joys of being a grandma ! On the way back home I'm going to stop by and see my other 2 grandsons and let them meet their great grandma . 
waiting on a load so I can get back to work . Had a great vacation . My mother came down and got to meet all 3 of her great grandsons . 
delivered Greencastle , < PROPFEMALE > and waiting for next dispatch . Then I need to find a place to crash 
It's been a wierd day . I'm gonna lay down . Picking up at 4am headed to NY for 11pm . I'm worn out . I think my energizer < PROPFEMALE > battery pack needs bigger batteries this week . I'm getting old ! 
after I deliver this load in Pendergrass , Ga I get the rest of the weekend off for a restart . I thought this place was 24/7 ? No one is here ! 
going to bed now . Good night ! 
am I the only person driving for this company ? I just wanna sleep ! 
picking up in < PROPMALE > Robins this morning headed to NY . Gonna have to repower this somewhere today tho 
I guess since I just got loaded I will take a nap and wait for the Atlanta traffic to die down before I head to NY . Load got changed , different city(Elmira now ) , less < PROPMALE > and more time to get there . Such is life . 
just had a really big breakfast and I'm still hungry ! I am gonna get fat today ! I got the munchies , got the munchies ! 
hope everyone has a restful night 
yummy , yummy . Frystown , < PROPFEMALE > CLUB SAMMICH ! Yuuum ! So yummy . Lol 
guess I ought to put in a few < PROPMALE > today 
gotta find a walmart today to restock the groceries . I need to stop staying out so long . Lol 
ok . I need a co driver . I have a whole 241 < PROPMALE > to do today and after my 817 < PROPMALE > from sat to tues , I'm worn out ! Lololol lmaofr 
sleep , sleep , I need sleep . It's been a long 2 days . Back in Ga again . 
headed to < PROPMALE > city , mo for monday . And I get a restart in too ! I am such a lucky person ! 
delivering in < PROPMALE > Cty , Mo now . This guy has a < PROPMALE > attitude ! But I have to be nice . I am good at that . Lol 
I get to go home Friday ! Yay ! 4 more days , I can't wait . 
let's see , go get a load but we have no phone number or directions and the address is wrong . Then when I do find it , it isn't named what they said . Wow , geez ! 
made it to < PROPMALE > . Disp said rec was open til midnite , he lied . But I am here and gonna sleeeeep for a few hours . 3 more days til I get to see the best husband in the world ! 
OK everyone . Keep your fingers crossed that I make it home Fri . If this last load is any indication of how my weeks gonna go , I won't make it and hubby made plans for the first time in forever . Lol ,, got my fingers crossed . 
getting level 4 in Ms. Had to drive over \the pit\ " and I can't stop shaking . Passed with flying colors !!!! " 
Alright , I am home now and if your name isn't < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > or Kaity-I'm not answering the phone . Wait-mom and < PROPFEMALE > too . But I'm getting a whole weekend with my hubby ( he took Sat off and has Sun off too ) and I'm going to concentrate on him . I really need some husband time . It's so nice to have a great marriage to come home to . Yeah , I'm bragging . lol 
I replaced the steps on the back porch yesterday . I bought the wood , cut it to fit and used screws so it won't fall apart . It looks good . Glad I have the tools to do all that stuff when I need them . I'm so handy ! LMAO 
going to the doctor today then packing up the truck so I can head out again tomorrow . I could get used to sitting at home and being a housewife , lol , for about a month then I'd go crazy . 
Got a load finally but it doesn't pick up til 8am in Acworth , Ga . So I guess I will sleep in my bed til 3 am then hit the road . Such is life 
hmmmm 
I hate dispatchers and load planners ! 
Picking up in Greensboro , NC and headed to La for as soon as I can get it there . I just don't know what to do with this company . ( sigh ) It's a good load this time . New month so lets see what's gonna happen . 
pick up at midnight in < PROPMALE > and be in < PROPFEMALE > , NC by 10 am Mon . Walmart is calling me 
I don't understand why this co doesn't fine drivers that drop broken trailers . I got another one with no brakes so now I have to sit for hours getting it fixed . If the idiot who dropped it was fined and the driver fixing it was given the fine , this crap would stop ! 
I am seriously gonna be a deer < PROPMALE > when I get done being a trucker . Had another one of them bitches hit me tonight . Only busted the headlight cover but I have had it ! Gotta get me a good shotgun with a scope . 
supposed to deliver in Jax , Ms in the morning and was gonna do it tonight but I don't have a reload and do have a parking spot , so I guess I will deliver tomorrow . Man , I need < PROPMALE > ! 
got a load to Baldwinsville , NY for Monday . Much better < PROPMALE > this weekend than last . 
800 < PROPMALE > left to go til Monday morning . Stopped in Knoxville for the night . Any of my friends around here ? I need to borrow some movies . I have worn mine out and the Pilot doesn't have any good ones . I'm so bored . 
I've been looking at all the pics of my 3 grandsons . I tell ya , my kids did good . Those boys are so adorable . All of them are so cute I just wanna hug them to death . I can't wait to see them again . Maybe at Christmas this year < PROPFEMALE > will bring them . haha 
Heading to Montgomery , NY in the morning out of Chicago Heights , Il for tomorrow night . Long drive but I can do it ! I'm the energizer trucker ! Lol 
I have been a good girl this year so my hubby let me have my Christmas present early . I got a new astatic mic for my CB ! Yay ! I'm happy ! 
pick up in Ct and go back to Il for Mon am . Ho de do 
I need something stronger than Tylenol . I have a killer headache ! Waiting to be loaded and since I have til Mon to deliver , I might get into < PROPFEMALE > and go back to bed . I HATE HEADACHES !!!! 
I don't know whats wrong with my eye . I woke up yesterday morning and the outside part of my left eye is red around the pupil and orangy to the end . It's ugly but it doesn't hurt . Anyone know what causes that ? And no I didn't get in a fight , lol 
sitting at Markham yard , all by my lonesome , no one to < PROPFEMALE > out with or talk to or go shopping with . :( Guess I better watch another one of my movies for the hundredth time . Haha 
Every year I keep saying I will put up a tree cuz I have grand kids now . But since I lost < PROPFIRST > I can't make myself do it . This will be the 5th Christmas without him and I don't feel right putting one up since he's gone . Any advice ? 
my eye is totally red/purple now . I can tell people I'm giving them the evil eye and make them believe me now . Lmao 
restart almost over . Now I will have plenty of hours to get home Thurs . Yay ! I can't wait to see my wonderful hubby ! 
making the last little bit of this trip . Getting better and can't wait til Thurs ! 
I need everyone to send thoughts to my dispatcher to send me home early . I am so ready this time and a couple of extra days would be nice . Ok , everyone , start telecommunicating to him . Lol 
ok , somebody wake up and talk to me . Its 4am . Get up ! 
ok , I give up . Gonna take a bath and go to bed and try to sleep . If I can't sleep then I'm gonna get in the truck and head to a truck stop so I can have air conditioning . lol 
so the repairman is here and its gonna cost me a weeks pay to fix the friggin ac ! Gotta have it tho or I won't be able to sleep tonight . Let's take bets on what's gonna break down next month-I say water well again . friggin crap ! 
Since the hubby has to work all day , I guess I can get off my lazy behind and run a couple of errands . I can't sleep . I got about an hour last night and have been up ever since . I don't wanna get dressed , I wanna be a couch potato . Oh , I haven't smoked in 3 days now . Wasn't trying to quit , just ran out and have been too lazy to go get some so I guess I should quit since I'm over the hardest part now . We'll see . 
good nite facebook family . I'm going to see if I can sleep . I'm having problems eating and sleeping since I'm not smoking . Wonder what that's all about . lol 
Doing good with the not smoking thing but sure want one today . Just got bored . It's gonna be hard once I get back on the road tomorrow . Gotta keep it up tho . 
Pretty sure the first place I'm headed is Loudon . I was gonna watch the safety videos at home but couldn't get anyone to answer the phone so I could get the name of the website . So I need to see them . Maybe I'll get lucky and get a load out west from Tristate whse . ( yeah right ) lol 
finally got a load . heading out to Mcdonough , Ga to load and going to Ky with it . 
ok . It's been a week and I don't know what to do with my hands . It isn't hard to quit cold turkey except I don't know what to do . Guess I'm going inside to get some . Maybe . Lol 
I broke down from boredom and pissedoffedness . Smoking tastes gross when u quit for a week 
trucks been in the shop for a while now . Air leaks and I think the leveler valve . I got to unload pallets with a forklift and learned how to change tires today . 
I got put in a hotel for the night . I get to take a bubble bath . And have 2 beds to sleep on . And a microwave but I kinda want pizza . So many choices to make and hubby isn't here to help me with them . Life sux sometimes . Love you < PROPMALE > . 
Pizza is here , coffee is made , internet is free , tv is on and am making a bath in a minute . Ahhh , this is the life . lol 
Guten nacht jemand ! Good night everyone . 
Wonder if my truck is going to be fixed today . Guess I better shower and get ready to go back to the yard . If it isn't done then I might have to come back to the hotel tonight . Oh , darn . lmao 
delivered Rhode Island a few mins ago and getting reload at same place in the morning . I get to be lazy again tonight ! I think I'm gonna watch all the < PROPMALE > Krueger movies ! Blood and gore rules !!!!! 
can't get my phone to dial out or send messages . RI is remote ! 
Battle Creek , Mi . Delivering here this morning and then where ? I think that I might have to go to Markham yard and grab someones crap they didn't wanna finish . A short load . Let's see if I'm right . Lol 
going to bed . Gotta get up at 2am and hopefully my load will be ready . Almost done with < PROPMALE > movies . On 7th disc of 8 . Now I need the Halloween series ! 
So I was supposed to pick up in Fremont at Conway and head to Ms with it . The freakin load cancelled again . This is the second time I have wasted a day waiting for this same kinda load . Never gonna accept it again ! So I got dressed and made coffee for nothing . Going back to bed but gonna drink the coffee first . Thanks for nothing Conway ! 
this crap sux ! Time to find a place that wants me to do what I am capable of . This sitting around is making me lazy and mad . I'd make more money flipping freaking burgers ! I know what I need to do . Was hoping to retire here tho . Damn ! 
Happy Veterans Day to all veterans past and present . I appreciate you all and thank you all ! 
and now I'm gonna take something and go to bed . Goodnight all 
going back to < PROPFEMALE > newsprint to get a load to Tampa . Not a good thing to deliver to Fla on a Friday . 
something else funny , I was concentrating so hard on watching for deer that when my computer beeped it scared me so bad I actually screamed . Lolol 
no reload . Gonna sleep all night instead of driving ! Woohoo ! 
rldelivered in Dublin about 3 hrs ago . Gonna sleep tonight and reload in < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow for Huntsville Monday . 
found out today I'm not invincible . Dammit , but I'm not telling what happened . Let's just say my record is now marked . 
Sitting in Huntsville waiting for these people to unload me then I have to go get a load with 4 stops right away . Then I won't have any hours left to drive after that . 
just got to my pickup for the 4 stop load and they are closed til 6am . First drop due 200 < PROPMALE > away at 9am . Not gonna make it . This doesnt look good on Total . They should have had a local driver come get it and bring it to the yard so I could run with it . Now they have to rescedule for a second time . Not my fault . I was on another load . 
Don't you hate when you can't say what you want to a person because the consequences wouldn't make it worth it ? 
no rest fer tha weary . Lol . Pick up in Terre Haute , In this evening and do 2 stops in Memphis , Tn tomorrow morning . ( yawnnnnn ) 
damn ! Not gonna make 1st stop on time tomorrow . Still sitting here being loaded . This is not my week ! Oh well , again , not my fault . 
passed another < PROPFEMALE > inspection . < PROPFEMALE > Branch , Ms scale . This one had me worried for a second . 
I just realized it's Friday ! Lol . Guess I was worn out this week . 
wow . Got this load I'm delivering in St < PROPFIRST > then 2 reloads already ! They are on the ball today ! St < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > Branch to Newark , NJ for monday . I'm a happy camper today ! Yipee ki yay ! 
HAPPY , HAPPY , HAPPY DAY !!!! I feel so good ! Got 13 hrs sleep last night , got 3 loads for the weekend , got an awesome check today ! All I need now is some vittles ( food for you nonrednecks ) . Lmao 
just got a reload for tomorrow . Gonna watch my show ( Undercover Boss ) then sleep for a few hours . Gotta be in Newark at 6am then reload at noon . 
picking up in Jamesburg , NJ headed for Dublin , Ga . Thought it was scrap but I was wrong . Man that hurts to say that . Lmao 
I don't have to get up at any certain time tomorrow so I'm gonna sleep in . Yay ! 
Like I always say , WHATEVER !!!!! Some people make me freaking sick . I better take my tired ass to bed before I say something I shouldn't . Good night to my friends , and you know who you are . 
I've got my fingers crossed that I will get to go home tomorrow . Got alot of things to do and the extra time would really help . Hint , hint dispatch . lol 
guess I better get some sleep . 5 am comes quick at my age . lol 
woohoo ! Heading home !!!! 
So < PROPMALE > was a sweety and put together the prelit tree for me and I absolutely hate it . It's going on the porch and I'm gonna go get a real one or a fuller one . They don't make them like they used to . I wanted a fake one because the 3 grandsons are so small and I don't want them to get hurt . I'm gonna go tree hunting Friday . 
think I better go to bed . Good nite all and Happy Thanksgiving . 
so we went and got this beautiful real tree today , got home , put it up , went in the shed for decorations and have NO LIGHTS ! I used to have about 30 strings of lights and a few tree toppers and they are all missing . I went crazy . Now I have to go but freaking lights tomorrow . Then I'm gonna take a pic . Done with most of the Christmas shopping . Have just a few more things to get . Whew ! I'm on the ball this year . lol 
now I know why I never go out on Black Friday ! You really gotta love someone to do this crap ! 
Well , I survived my first and last Black Friday . I got what I went out for , thank goodness , and when I talked to my daughter in law and told her what I got for my son , I think the word she used was \awesome\ " . I feel good about Christmas this year and I have my son to thank for that . I don't think I could have done it without him getting on my ass . lol . Gotta love those kids of mine ! " 
Been sitting on the couch all day watching tv and relaxing . I did do laundry , vaccum , straighten things and do all the bedding for when the kids visit next month though . But for the most part I relaxed . I've been constantly doing things since I got home Wed . and today I gave out of energy . Lol . That's what happens when you get old . You need a day of rest . 
gotta go back to work tomorrow , :( I'm kinda liking being home . 
waiting on a load . Dispatch had me going out tomorrow . I should have agreed . Oh , well , I need to work and make money . Spent way too much on Christmas this year . lol . But it's gonna be worth it seeing the kids and grandkids smile . Gonna be taking lots of pics this year . Bet I get to go to the northeast today ! lol 
Total Trans would be a much better company if they reopened the Austell yard and had < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > running it again . We were the number one terminal . I actually got really good < PROPMALE > and got to go all over . I miss those days . :'( 
going to bed til 9 then load should be ready hopefully . Going to Shreveport , yay ! That's the furthest west I've been in ages ! I'm a happy trucker now . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > as crap here in NC . It woke me up shaking my truck . I thought I was in Chicago for a minute . Lol 
I am so totally upset right now I don't know what to do ! Will be in Shreveport in about 6 hrs . For once it's not work related . 
so the family Christmas party is the weekend before I get home , again . My son is spending Christmas day at the inlaws , again . I give up . I don't freaking give a shit anymore ! I hope everyone has a nice Christmas . I will not do this again ! I'm through trying and being the nice patient giving one . I AM FREAKING DONE !!!!! 
if anyone knows where i can get kc n the sunshine bands song called Please dont go , let me know where it is . Ive been looking for it . And i dont do ebay or amazon . Thanks 
in Peoria , Il delivering then have 2 more loads for the weekend . I\m starting to get used to running again ! I think dispatch stopped being scared to run me . Lol " 
Uh oh . Trucks in the shop . Alternator has been acting up so I asked a mechanic about it and there's a < PROPMALE > it'll catch on fire so I put it in the shop . Fuel filter light came on today and I haven't had an air blower up front for 3 weeks . Looks like I might be in Markham for the weekend . They can't start on me til tomorrow afternoon . I guess I get a restart . 
got a room for the night . The only thing good about being broke down is I get bubble baths . lol :) 
wow ! Just spent and hour and a half on the phone with my little sister ! We don't talk often but when I do get to talk to her I don't wanna let her < PROPFEMALE > up . lol Love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
its snowing in Chicago !!!! 
I am trying to figure out this Skype junk but keep going in circles with it . Can't find < PROPFIRST > or anything . I know I downloaded it last night . Guess it's just not meant to be . lol 
got a load to Nichols , NY for mon . Gonna leave in the morning . Then I can have a restart and still have lots of time to get there . 
I think I better go to the truck . These guys are watching the AU/SC game and when I said I was pulling for the gamecocks-haha-if looks could have killed . I think I better go hide . roflmao . These guys are loud as hell in here . 
I hope everyone has a good weekend . 
On I86 in NY and these people haven't sent snow plows out yet . I got behind one for 10 mi doing 30mph then have been driving on snow covered roads since then . I'm tired now . Lol 
It's gonna be rough until I get to a shop , my qualcomm is broke . It won't do anything ! Ugh ! And as hard as it is to get dispatch to answer the phone , I won't be doing much this week . 
OMG ! These roads suck . Went to finally get a load heading to Ktown . Met up with a accident , bad roads , and in a \we hate trucks\ " town . Gotta watch these signs so I don't get on a \ " no truck\ " road and get a ticket . Arghhh " 
in a hotel again . Truck is broke down again . I think it's time for a new one now . But don't tell my truck that or it'll stay broke . lol 
I got driver tech today . Waaaaaa ! I don't wanna be a truck driver anymore . The govt is getting crazy with all , this controlling crap . What about cars ? There are people in cars that drive more than 11 hrs . When do they get regulated ? 
got a load and headin to Jax , Ms. for Mon . am 
GET IN MY BELLY !!!!! 
so today is my daughters 26th birthday and she called earlier a little upset with me cuz I didn't call and sing her my silly version of happy birthday . That was so cute n sweet . I didn't think that stuff mattered to our kids but apparently I was wrong . I'm still smiling about it . It feels good to know small things I did to make the kids laugh matter . 
Williamsburg , Va here I come 
after I unload here I pick up in Richmond then head back to the Knoxville area . Oh , joy ! 
going to bed for a while . Nighty night . 
some drivers make me sick . They get on these hot loads then wait til the last minute to lie to dispatch about hours , road conditions , etc . Now dispatch is scrambling to cover a fed ex load . If you dont wanna drive then freaking go work at something else ! 
I knew I should have waited closer to my appt time to get to rcv . Crap ! Thought they might have a staging area but they don't . 
dontcha just love when you deliver a load and are told you have to help inload 2500 boxes off the floor and palletize them ? Yup , that's what I have to do now . Bet I don't get paid for it either . 
done til Monday . Taking an actual restart . I need it . Lexington , NC is ok , I just hate time limits on the < PROPFIRST > but , hey , at least there is one for us to use . 
so dispatch is wanting me to split up my hometime . That is ridiculous . That makes me mad , I don't go home that much and this is the only holiday I ask to have off and now they want me to work on hometime ! No freakin way . If they decide that's what I need to do then I guess they don't need drivers too bad . Calm down , take a chill pill . Jeez ! 
in Kearny , NJ waiting on a southbound reload heading home . Who wants to make bets it won't happen ?. lol 
loading headed to Maryville , TN then hopefully home . I'm so ready . This place I'm loading at is a freakin nightmare ! Stupid people cutting in line . And yes I got out and yelled at another driver for stealing my door and making me wait . Felt good too ! Now I'm really a bitch ! 
awww , Chucks babysitting . All by himself . Thats sweet 
< PROPFIRST > was fussy when I called home and < PROPMALE > let me talk to him and he got quiet as long as I talked ! He knows my voice . Awww . 
so I'm in Loudon now . Trying to get out of going into the shop . Lol 
I'm home and found out < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are here til the biginning of Feb , then they are being stationed in Okinawa , Japan for 3 years . So the next time I see < PROPFIRST > he will be walking and running and talking and just about ready for pre-k . 
Hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I'm gonna get up at 6am and start cooking that huge bird . < PROPFIRST > got me < PROPMALE > house shoes ! I love < PROPMALE > . And my dogs are scared of them so I've been chasing them around the house . lolol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Done with the presents now I'm cooking . yummy ! The only bad thing is I have to taste test while I'm cooking and I get full . lol 
< PROPFIRST > and I went after Christmas shopping and got a few new decorations for our trees . She's moved in here for a month and her stuff is all over the house-you all should see it . I bet she forgets something . And < PROPFIRST > is such a quiet baby ! He loves his swing . He's up now-gotta go feed him . lol 
I decided that < PROPFEMALE > is what I need to have , and I do . Things will be ok pretty soon if I just let things work out on their own , which they will . As < PROPFEMALE > Lauper sang , \I see your true colors shining thru\ " . And I do . And thats all folks ! " 
just took the tree down and got most of the decorations put away . Man it feels better having the house almost back to normal . Just one end of the house is full now-Sams stuff- lol . Next year we will get a different kind of tree . This one died fast . So I hope everyone is having a great holiday and will have a happy new year . 
we're watching Ghost Hunters again . I think it's funny when Zach gets scared or hurt cuz he always taunts and yells at the spirits . Got some good ones at the Sloss Furnace tonight . 
Hope everyone has a great New Years < PROPFEMALE > and and even better 2011 !!!! I'm hoping mine turns out as I plan for it to . Don't party too hard ! 
picking up a load in Ms and heading to Co today ! Only because its snowing and others dont wanna go up there . Cant get these loads in good weather . So I'm gonna enjoy the scenery . 
picking up in Nebraska and heading to NC . 3 days to do 1500 < PROPMALE > . Hmmm , think I need a codriver . Lmao 
sitting in < PROPMALE > , NC at the rcv waiting for them to open . Wonder where I'm going next . Hopefully back west again . 
delivering in Nashville this morning . Lots of trucks in front of me ! Hope I get out of here by lunch 
going to bed for a while , I'm worn out 
My disp left a load on me that I told him I couldn't do yesterday ( pu n < PROPMALE > yest ) . Woke up last nite and saw it on comp . Nite disp didnt know what I should do so I'm waiting on disp this morning to see whats up . I am gonna ask for a new dispatcher Monday . Mine just doesn't care . Too bad the one I want isn't dispatching anymore . 
restocked the truck at walmart . Got a load from Loudon to < PROPFEMALE > with 4 stops on it . Sitting at Captain D's right now ( super yum ) . Crap ! Stupid buzzer just scared the crap out of me . Lmao 
got 15 < PROPMALE > from my first delivery and luckily found a truck stop . Have 14 more hours before I have to be there and am gonna get another good nights sleep . And selling my motorcycle ! I hate to see it sit in the shed so much so I'm gonna get rid of it . Let someone get some use out of it . 
I have got to find another line of work soon . I don't get to SC except late at night when I'm going thru to somewhere so I can't see the oldest 2 grandsons and right now my daughter and her son are at my house before they go to Okinawa and I'm on the road . This is a really tough life . Never thought I would miss so much family stuff when I got into trucking . 
finally stopping in Carlisle , < PROPFEMALE > and taking a nap til I wake up . Then headed to Atlanta 
wow ! Work tried to call me 9 times but I was so worn out I never heard the phone or the computer going off . Oh well , guess someone else is doing what they wanted me to do . I don't wanna be the va to < PROPFEMALE > relay driver , I wanna do different stuff . I want to get out of the snow just like everyone else . And I don't run on batteries , I sleep too . ( sigh ) 
took my load to the Jax , Ms yard now I'm waiting in < PROPFIRST > for someone to open the gate so I can get my ld going back to Mechanicsburg . Blah ! 
finally got my < PROPFEMALE > load and heading that way . :( 
it's snowing in < PROPFEMALE > again . These are some huge snowflakes . 
sitting in a rest area 20 mi from delivery . Gotta wait 2 more hours before I can go . Can't check in too early . 
today is a bad day for 3 truckers on 70 in Indiana . A set of doubles flipped over and then 2 < PROPMALE > further a tanker slammed into the ass end of another truck and burst into flames . Black ice on the roads but drivers think they are invincible . I stayed at 40 mph and made it safely and still early . Let's hope those guys survived ! Please drive safely and cautiously . 
well , I am broke down . My fuel filter light came on and the truck won't move . I had it changed last month ! This one didn't last . Gonna have to reschedule this appt . That's what I get for bragging on my truck ! 
haha , made it to my delivery early even tho I broke down . Whew ! 
going to bed and turning off the phone . Later folks ! 
I hope people remember that what comes around , goes around . I hope I live long enough to witness some of it . If I don't I will still know cuz I'll be sitting on my cloud , sipping Hypnotiq , watching and laughing my freakin dead ass off !!!!! 
I wanna go home ! Hurry up Marines and get Sams crap straight so I can go home . 
I put in for my hometime for next weekend and guess what ? I get to watch the Steelers beat the Packers ! Yay , superbowl Sunday with the hubby for the first time in person . We usually watch it together via phone . Lol 
this < PROPMALE > trainer is reaming his trainee out for screwing up by pulling in my way while I was backing . Wow ! He did mess up but I feel bad for him . I remember those days though I never did that . Good luck guy . 
sitting 117 mi south of my delivery in St < PROPFIRST > for the morning . I figure I can get up early again and be there on time . Ho de do . Lol 
my dog < PROPFEMALE > is sick . I hate that and I can't be home with her . Hope whatever it is goes away . Hubby is calling the vet today . Doesn't look good . Everyone cross their fingers that she gets better . Thanks . She's 9 now but needs prayers . 
I got a compliment from the recv . clerk ! Seems most drivers have a hard time backing into the dock cuz its on a street corner w/a light pole right there . Alot of people have taken chunks out of it . I got it right in and he was impressed ! Yay , makes me feel good ! 
I am scary and intimidating ? Hahaha , never heard such nonsense in my life . Crackhead . 
one more week and I get to go home . I haven't had a day off since Dec 30 when I came out . Running every day and getting worn out in a < PROPMALE > way ! 
is in Loudon , Tn to sleep and then drop n hook for Cincinnati for tomorrow 
good night . Gotta be up at 5 am . See ya , wouldn't wanna be ya . Haha . Thats so outdated . 
is sitting at the Flying J in Jeffersonville , Oh . Gonna eat , watch a movie the sleep as late as I want cuz my load doesn't deliver in Jax , Ms til Monday nite . Aaahhhh a break 
breaks over so I'm heading to Jax , Ms now . Darn 
I wanna go home early and my dispatcher won't let me ! Waaaaa ! Lol 
Been home since 3 am and relaxing today . Tomorrow starts the mayhem . lol 
I cooked dinner , did dishes , have done laundry and a few other things today . It feels good to come home and be domestic . 
cubed steak , noodles , gravy and salad is what was for dinner tonight . yummy ! I love cooking . We had rouladen , kartoffel knoedel , gravy and veggies last night . Trying to figure out what to cook tomorrow night now . lol 
I hope this rain stops before tomorrow . Need to go to the grocery store . Damn that thunder just scared the mess out of me . lmao ! 
got a headache , gonna go soak in the tub and go to bed . good night all 
that was a disappointing game . Steelers lost cuz they had butterfingers tonight . Man , that sux . Oh well , there's always next year . Going to bed so I can go back on the road tomorrow . 
Heading out today as soon as I get a load assignment . Wishing I was old enough to retire . Oh well , just a few more years . Have a great day everyone . 
got a Michigan load for tomorrow am . Haven't been there in a while . 
it snowed from about 20 mi north of Knoxville to Lexington , Ky . Man did that wear me out . If people are so scared of driving in bad weather then why do they get out in it ? I will never understand it . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > will be flying to Japan on the 16th . By the time they get back in 3 yrs < PROPFIRST > will be walking and talking . Wow ! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone 
going to bed . < PROPMALE > in Martinsville tomorrow so gonna sleep til 3am and drive in this rough ass wind . 
back in Loudon . Heading to Erie , < PROPFEMALE > in the morning . Oh yay . Lol 
Sitting in Erie , < PROPFEMALE > waiting on guys to come to work and unload me . Then I have to find a place to park , hahahaha . Like that's gonna happen . 
delivered Montgomery , NY . Now waiting til the am for a reload . I'm tired for some crazy reason . 
ugh , I hate being ill . This Crohns is getting the best of me lately . Again . Oh well , I guess it's my < PROPFEMALE > . Why ? I don't know but life is a bitch then ya die . Lol 
had a nap . I'm bored so I guess I'll drive a little . Lol 
going back to bed for a while . Got a reload for tomorrow already . Whew 
I've been a good little fuel saver and had my trk off all day and now it's dead ! Dammit ! 
I hope it rains today 
it started snowing in Va and is snowing real hard here in < PROPFEMALE > . Daggone snow plows aren't even out yet so we were doing 30 mph . I'm still 8 hrs early for my delivery ! 
Ga to < PROPFEMALE > to ga to < PROPFEMALE > . Whew ! < PROPMALE > are good on this fedex run ! Too bad I can't keep it forever . Just got preplan to come back to ga again . Lol . I just might make my < PROPMALE > this month if this keeps up . Yay ! 
back in < PROPFEMALE > . Going to bed then headede back to Ga . I'm worn out 
And don't call me at 6am < PROPFEMALE > . I will be sleeping like the dead . Lol 
back in Ga and heading back to < PROPFEMALE > later today . I'm lovin this . Trying to get dedicated on it . Wish me luck . 
got my load back 
sometimes dispatchers are frustrating . When I say I only have 4 hrs for the weekend it doesnt mean I can run 850 < PROPMALE > . Sheesh ! 
I am loading in Orrtanna , < PROPFEMALE > . Never heard of it til this load . Lol . Heavy food load going to < PROPMALE > . Anyone wanna take it from Loudon ? Haha . Gotta drop it so I can get back to Ga and my Fedex run . Yipee ! 
back in Ga and loading for < PROPFEMALE > again soon . I'm gonna be so glad to see home Friday ! 
back in Ga . Need to get the truck fixed and I think I have food poisoning . Ewww ! I'm dying ! 
got sent to the volvo dealer to get the truck fixed and they told me I would need a hotel tonight . Crap ! So close to home but so far away . 
getting a room tonight . Oooh , a bubble bath ! 
well , something else was found so its gonna be another day before 2 get the truck . Now hubby has to comme get me and bring me back up here tomorrow when its ready . Totally screws my weekend up . 
got home last night and saw the house and there's quite a bit to do . Lots of packing things of < PROPFIRST>'s and storing them and putting things back the way they were . Got lots of stuff to keep me busy . Bad thing is , I discovered the Family Fued game online this week and got hooked . Hmmm , what do I wanna do right now ? Play games . lolol 
almost in Atl to pick up my truck . Then going home for the rest of the weekend . The ex is gonna owe me big after today ! Hehehe , aren't ya < PROPFIRST > ?! 
< PROPMALE>' t you just hate when someone gets you all excited about something ( dispatcher ) then it doesn't work out and youj have all these great plans in mind ? My hubby told me not to get my hopes up . I should have listened to him . 
I'm so confused . I have a headache . I'm gonna have Cpt D's today . I'm loading in Loudon for Ga today . I have a bad headache . Lol . 
sitting at fedex in Ga again waiting for my ld . Dispatch has me so confused about this \dedicated\ " run . Lol " 
is in Middletown , < PROPFEMALE > without a reload again . Dammit ! 
this home computer is really neat . I'm finally figuring out some of the features . Considering this is only my second time on it , that's not bad . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > just sent me an email and said they are fine right now and she will contact everyone soon . 
Had the day from hell . Trl tire caught on fire , 2 drivers n me got it out w/our extinguishers , fire dept shows up . Gotta get it reloaded and head to ga , 3 sets of tires make for a scary ride . It really wobbles bad . Im not done either . Theres more 
hope everyone has a good day . Gonna put my jammies on and hit the sack . Good nite ! 
I can't believe I slept 13 hours last night . Guess all that crap with the fire wore me out more than I thought . Lol 
just had a thirty something guy call me beautiful . Was gonna let him use my glasses but was afraid someone would call the cops when they heard him screan and run ! Lmao ! 
I hate when driver drop trls with flats or other problems ! It takes forever to get thru to breakdown then hours before someone fixes the problem . I am cursing all drivers that do that ! I'm gonna put a witchy poo spell on them ! 
Back in Ga for the weekend and putting the truck in the shop for a BPM so I can't go home again . Might get hubby to come spend the day with me up here Sunday tho . 
ho hum 
< PROPFIRST > Tesh says to avoid shark attacks , swim with a friend . It reduces the risk by half and my first thought was-\yeah cuz he'll eat your friend first\ " . Lmao . I'm such a wierdo ! Haha " 
oh yeah . Status update to Brandy-I AM IN < PROPFEMALE > NOW . Lol 
in Ga again . Getting ld later back to < PROPFEMALE > . Too bad I have to get on elogs , this is a great run , and the co doesn't have to worry about it cuz I git er done ! But , oh well , all good things must come to an end . 
delivered my ld in < PROPFEMALE > at 4am now have to wait til 2pm Sun to get a reload . Taking it to loudon then gonna do a restart and get elogs . Yipee . 
