is not looking forward to packing everything up tomorrow ! 

Has been married for a day ! Yay ! 
Woke up this morning in Merrillville , Indiana , boarded a plane in Chicago , Illinois , landed in LAS VEGAS , Navada , picked up a rental car , checked into the Trump Hotel , now sitting in the most amazing hotel room I've ever been in ! This is the start to an amazing week , I think . :) 
If you want to see more wedding photos , go to sliverstream.zenfolio.com-click on \weddings \"- then click on \ " Josh and Lisa\ " They are beautiful ! " 
is sitting in the airport ... Yay ! for a husband and free wi-fi ! :) This is the first of 3 flights for us until we make it home ... I'm already sleepy and gross feeling I don't even want to think about what I'll feel like at 1pm tomorrow when we get into Buffalo ! Yay ! for showers and beds too ! :) 
is making her Christmas cards on Walmart.com :) 
has been looking at baby things online ... I wanted to do the baby's room in a dark purple and greens but I don't think they make baby things in dark purple :( 
hmmmm .... 
is trying to resize her wedding pictures to upload but it is taking forever ! Maybe I should've picked out the pictures I was going to put up and resize just those ... not all of them ! Another lesson learned by trial and error . 
' s wedding pictures are being uploaded as we speak ! 
IS SO STINKING MAD AT FACEBOOK RIGHT NOW ! I JUST FINISHED EDITING , PUTTING CAPTIONS , AND TAGGING ALL OF THE WEDDING PICTURES AND IT LOCKED UP AND LOST IT ALL ! URG ! STUPID FACEBOOK ! 
if anyone wants to tag my pics for me , go right ahead ! :) 
is thinking about the chicken noodle soup that's in the fridge right now 
I kicked your mom in your bath room becuase my family thinks I'm stupid anyway 
is folding clothes ... how fun . 
Thank you everyone for all the Birthday wishes ! I really appreciate it ! 
loves her husband . 
just got her new iphone case in the mail and it is awesome ! Plus is was only $1.89 with free shipping ! 
feels bad for our neighbors who had their clothes taken out of the laundry room in our building :( 
is missing New York today . 
Monday is like a second Saturday for me ! 
is making curtians for our craft/computer/spare bedroom room ! I can't believe they are coming out just like I originally pictured ! 
salsa and tortilla chips ! 
wants it to be Summer ! 
Is using our amazing new computer , that my amazing < PROPFIRST > built for us ! 
Yay ! < PROPMALE > bought me the Sims 3 !!! 
secretly wishes she was going to the HAC < PROPFIRST>'s Banquet tonight ... 
is eating the most amazing grapes ever ! Thanks Wallyworld ! 
is looking forward to Pastor School ! 
wishes my stew would hurry up ... I'm hungry ! 
YAY ! < PROPMALE > just finished putting together my new office chair that came this morning ! 
project for the day ... make a rug ! 
Just finished making my first jacket ever and it came out GREAT ! Can't wait for my Dad , Sister , Brother , and Brother -in-Law to get here ! 
they're here ! yay ! 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Maulucci ! 
is wishing she had a backyard right about now ... I'm going to really miss that this spring , summer & fall . :( No eating breakfast on the porch in pjs , no sitting in the yard and sunshine , no barefeet , no bonfires at night , no privacy while outside ... 
ok , We called the land-lady . She says it's common to get this problem in the closets . It isn't mold if it washes off and isn't inside the drywall . It's mildew .. I thinks it's gross ! So now I have to clean out my closet with anti-bacterial wipes or spray and the land-lady is going to give up these special bags filled with < PROPFEMALE > something or other in them to draw out moisture . 
Can't wait to go out on a date with the most amazing man ( who I happen to be married to)on earth today ! 
is doinng secret things for a simply sensational guy ! ;) 
Low in the grave he lay Jesus , My Savior . Waiting the coming day Jesus , My Lord . Up from the grave HE arose , with a mighty triumph o're his foes . HE arose a < PROPFIRST > from the dark domain , and he lives forever with the saints to reign . HE arose ! HE arose ! Hallelujah ! Christ Arose !! 
.... it's grocery day !!! 
who dropped this huge glass jar of sauce in the Walmart aisle ?!... ohh , wait , that was me . :( 
i hope my pictures come in the mail today ! I can't wait to start my wedding scrapbook and my honeymoon scrapbook !! 
just got back from a beautiful walk with my awesome husband ! It is gorgeous outside ! I hope I got a little bit of sun ! 
rain smells so good ! 
What a dreary day ! 
... and I think to myself , \What a wonderful world ! \"" 
Fruit makes the world a better place 
just bought < PROPMALE > the coolest shoes ! I hope he likes them !! 
is so glad the Olsen's could come over for dinner ! I had a great time ! 
is making a bean salad for my WMS meeting ! 
what a beautiful day !! 
dinner is in the crock pot and it smells so good !! 
rain is such a soothing sound to my ears 
there is a huge , nasty bug in my mailbox and I am way too creeped out to kill it ! I hate bugs ! 
wants the world to know that < PROPMALE > Maulucci is my hero !! 
is anyone else having issues posting a status update via their iphone ? 
It's grocery day ! 
< PROPMALE > is , by far , the BEST cheese gradder in the whole world ! 
This stupid repair guy ! He was supposed to be here at 10 and it is now 10:46 !!! I was supposed to go to chapel with < PROPMALE > but instead I'm sitting at home waiting for this man ! How irritating ! 
I've been married to the most wonderful man in the whole universe for 5 months today ! 
... just thinking ... 
is excited to visit the Albanese < PROPFEMALE > Factory with her sister-in-law today ! 
is updating our blog .. check it out www.joshmaulucci.com :) thanks Mrs. Hall :) 
Is sitting in a strangers living room with 4 men ... I only know 1 . 
+rain = yucky hair 
I love taking walks with < PROPMALE > ! 
Can't wait for my hott date after church !! 
Jibber-Jabber , Jibber-Jabber it's all jibber-jabber ! I do not allow jibber-jabber in my courtroom ! 
I don't need friends .... I have books ! 
Homemade Chinese food tonight ! 
I love having a printer ! 
Pray for < PROPMALE > , my brother , he has a serious hand injury ... I'm not sure all of the details . 
Made fondant for the first time ever ! I can't wait to decorate my very first fondant covered cake tomorrow ! 
is deocorating my cake and I can't believe I actually like how it is coming out ! :) 
it's finished and I love it ! The top is a little funky but oh , well ! 
\Never fear shadows . They simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby\ " ~ Ruth E . Renkel " 
it is such a beautiful day out ! I hope < PROPMALE > Maulucci want to do something outside today ! 
it is such a beautiful day today ! I hope < PROPMALE > Maulucci wants to do something outside today ! :) 
ahh ... nothing like watching a marathon of cake challenges whille eating a piece of homemade cake ! :) 
just discovered she likes cinnamon < PROPMALE > crackers smoothered in cream cheese .. weird I know . 
Just hit a seagull in the Walmart parking lot . 
Really wants to watch my wedding video ! 
just finished a Pilates work out video ... ouch ! 
is getting ready to Turbo Jam ! I hope I don't die before I'm done ! 
Just finished watching New < PROPFEMALE > for the first time and , sorry to be a hater , but that was stupidest movie I have seen in a long , long time . 
Just have done some exercises wrong because my back is killing me ! 
loves smoothies and her smoothy maker ! 
I may not have riches and some others may , but I have a mother who knows how to pray .... I have a goodly heritage and I'm blessed with things you can't see ! I have a goodly heritage and that is worth far more to me ! Happy Mothers Day ! 
Updated our website ! Subscribe to get our emails today ! www.joshmaulucci.com 
really wants to go swimming ! 
loves our little home ! 
finds the way other people think unlogical and quite stupid . 
yeah , 6am has come way too early .... 
The old side of @ < PROPMALE > Maulucci is starting to come back out .... I like it ! :) 
I am once again reminded why I so dislike bus rides ... people who ride them can be SO annoying ! 
anyone have brilliant baby shower ideas or dont's ? 
is thinking it is a good day to clean and vacuum the Bravada 
Ok , I seriously cannot stand < PROPMALE > Hantz !! 
if anyone wants to fold laundry come on over ! :) 
popsicles are wonderful things ! 
Church , porkchops , nap , church , snack , movie , sleep .... it's going to be a great day ! 
14 down .... 11 more to go ! 
\Greater love hath no man than this 
is really sick of all of the negative facebook posts ! Everyone has problems in life , but facebook isn't the place to share them ! I don't want to come on here and read how awful life is for you ! We live in an amazing , FREE country , you have food in your mouth , clothes on your back , friends who care , and a PERFECT Saviour ! Look at the good in your life and not the bad ! Facebook isn't a dump site for your problems !!!! 
loves lists ! 
6 months ago today I married my best friend , < PROPMALE > Maulucci ! 
Oh , my goodness ! The Caramel Frappe's at McDonalds taste JUST like the Butter Caramel Ice Capp Supremes at < PROPMALE > Hortons ! My , how I my miss < PROPMALE > my Ho's! 
I have ZERO respect for someone whose uses the \f\ " word in front of their 2 or 3 year old granddaughter . What a terrible grandmother ! " 
I am so thankful for my nose ... I don't know what I'd do with out smells ! :) 
is going to the beach ! 
looks like a lobster ! 
Is at good ol ' HAC ! 
is getting so excited ! I love when I'm the one with a secret ! :) 
Is going to finish her honeymoon scrapbook today !! 
could really go for Subway right about now .... 
is drinking freshly squeezed , homemade lemonade ! 
I just tagged everyone of these stupid pictures and they didn't show up ! Stupid Facebook !!! 
Dummy me grabbed the skillet I had < PROPMALE>'s omlet in while it was still on the burner ! I now have a nice burn on my right middle finger ! 
has tons to do and no motivation to do it .... so does anyone want to come vacuum the Bravada , vacuum the house , do some laundry , wash the dishes , clean the bathroom , sweep and mop , dust , wash the trash can out , and finish putting my Summer clothes in the cloest ?? 
Trees as far as the eye can see !!!! 
I hope Indiana doesn't mind that I'm rekindling my love affair with New York ! :) 
is enjoying her in-laws !! :) 
Thank you Lord for Soldiers who give their lives for freedom and your Son who gave His life for my salvation ... I am blessed ! 
Is playing card games with family ! :) 
Is going to miss sitting outside on the porch when we go back to Indiana 
SOS ..... we are stuck out on Senica Lake !! 
Sun , come out , come out , wherever you are ! 
is starting to miss my little home a bit ... I hope she isn't lonely with out me ! 
Is out with her sweetheart ! <3 
is enjoying her last night with the Maulucci side of our family 
Is on her way to Grandma's house ! 
Is in the B-Lo :) 
Is at FBBC !! :) 
Will be sleeping in a tent tonight ... we'll see how this goes ... ;) 
Would've froze to death in this tent if I didn't have < PROPMALE > and 6 blankets ! 
Is amazed at the simple truths Bro . Fisher can convey through his sermons in such a powerful way . 
Yay for family day at Salvation Army !! 
Last night of sleeping in a tent ... I've had my fill of roughing it for awhile :) 
Packing up once again ... 
Is cleaning her brothers entire room and < PROPMALE > is mowing his in laws yard .... on vacation .... hmmm :) 
Could really go for < PROPMALE > Ho's :) 
Around 2,000 left-handed people die annually due to improper use of equipment designed only for right-handed people . 
Woohoo !! 90% off at Dollar General !! 
Really enjoyed spending a few hours with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > ! 
Was given an awesome , new cake decorating < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
Is going home ! :) 
Is HOME !!! :) .... I already miss my NY , tho :( 
should unpack ... but ... I'm going to put it off a little bit longer 
my oatmeal and molasses cookies smell GREAT ! They taste pretty good too :) 
it felt good to make dinner for 2 tonight :) 
can't wait to eat the pizza I got for dinner ... spinach and goat cheese ! YUM !! 
' s kitchen light and ceiling fan just came crashing down ! 
Is really looking forward to my new iPhone ! However , I'm not really excited about how much attention < PROPMALE>'s new iPhone will be getting :) 
Woohoo ! Free 8x10's at Walgreens ! 
Went on an impromptu walk with < PROPMALE > ! I love him ! :) 
is itching to dye my hair blonde again or dark brown again ... yay or nay ?? 
is greatly enjoying my $1.98 seedless watermelon ! :) 
Is getting excited about my new iPhone ! 
is updating our webpage www.joshmaulucci.com ! 
is totally , perfectly , and incandecently happy ... I love < PROPMALE > Maulucci ! 
The rains came down and the floods came up .... the rains came down and the floods came up ... the rains came down and the floods came up and the house on the rock stood firm ! 
and in the morning .. i'm makin ' waffles ! 
Is celebrating Shererville ! 
has been sitting here for 15 minutes trying to think of a whitty status update ... 
really , really , really wants a coffee drink from McDonalds right now ! 
So , it's that time in the week again where I have 2 loads of laundry to fold ... why can't laundry be fun like grocery shopping ! 
yeah ... laundry still isn't folded :) 
Is at a parade ! 
Cold Stone or an Elephant Ear ? I can't decide .... 
Grocery shopping ! 
Tomorrow is always new , with no mistakes in it .... yet . I <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
WMS picnic and then a trip to the library ! Great day ! 
Is completely amazed at the wonders of the sea ! My God sure is amazing ! 
Tea is such a wonderful thing ! 
Loves the life the Lord has given me ... I am blessed ! 
House clean-check , brownies & jello made-check , hotdogs , koolaide & candy-check , playdough-check , squishy footballs & crafts-check , band aides- check , chasing shoes-check , park open-check , fireworks tonight-check .... all ready to watch my nephews over night ! :) 
Dinner , ice cream , freezy pops , koolaide consumed-check , 10 new stains on the rug-check , sticky fingerprints on everything-check , wooden model car build-check , wooden model car ruined-check wooden model car taped-check , 8 coasters thrown all around the house-check , trip to the park-check ... boys having a great time-check :) 
Is at the park .... I should have packed lunch and brought it here . 
it's just me and < PROPMALE > once again :) 
The one day we decide to go to Navy Pier they don't have fireworks ! 
Had a great time out with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
To the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave , I will gladly pledge my allegiance until my dying day .... Happy Independence Day ! 
WOW ! 4th of July in Indiana is awesome ! There are fireworks all over the horizon ! Amazing ! 
Is going grocery shopping ! 
Sometimes I wanna buy 1 of everything at the grocery store ... well almost everything :) 
is going to Commonground Baptist Camp ! August 2nd-6th !!! WOOOHOOO !!! 
Now has an iPhone 4 :) FaceTime anyone ? 
Just FaceTimed Josh ... who was in the other room :) 
Roasted chicken , potatoes and carrots for dinner ! It smells so good !! 
I love my husband ! He is so awesome !! God sure has blessed me ! :) 
Can't wait until my date tonight ! We're going to watch a movie in the park ! I <3 JHM ! 
Is off to Movie in Park with my < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
Just bought a kitchen chair for $1 !! I now have 3 of them ! Now , I only need 1 more .... 
Is at a nickel arcade ! 
Feels like I'm going to die every time < PROPMALE > drives on the highway !!! 
hopes < PROPMALE > has a GREAT first day of work at his new job ... I miss him already !! 
Dinner is in the crock pot and corn bread is in the oven ! Yum ! My home is smelling so good ! 
Another day home alone ... what to do , what to do ... 
Is going to bake from baking ! 
If my FB wrote on your wall about some weight thing , please don't open it ! Someone must have hacked in ! How annoying .... I'm going to change my password now ... 
I have to pay $110 to get my name changed on my passport ! Rediculous ! >:( 
Would love to go swimming right now ! 
The weekend ! Woohoo ! I get to see < PROPMALE > ALL day tomorrow & Sunday !! 
At the social security office ... again .... this better work ! 
Could go for chocolate chip cookies right now . 
Loves going to church !! 
Is hooked on < PROPMALE > Bars ... all thanks to the Mercers ! :) 
drove < PROPMALE > to work this morning so I can use the car today ... what a beautiful morning the Lord has made !! 
I just don't understand some people . 
Love < PROPMALE > Maulucci 
I have Chili in the crock pot , a homemade cake in the oven , I'm about to start making waffles and Stroganoff ... my little apartment smells great ! I'm glad it isn't really hot out today :) 
Is excited to see < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Mom M , Dad M , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the GBC youth group this evening ! Yay for Youth Conference ! 
Wow ! I'm not used to going to bed at 1 and getting up at 6 .... 
Is really going to miss < PROPMALE > 
Just left home for my 2 week trip to NY ... I'm sure I'll be excited when I get there .... : .. ( 
Is at my parents ... I wish < PROPMALE > was here ! 
Misses < PROPMALE > and FBC :( 
< PROPMALE > Ho's with < PROPMALE > B ! :) 
Is shopping with < PROPFEMALE > , Mom , and James ... oh and < PROPFIRST > the bear 
Is < PROPFIRST > picking ! 
Took a walk and went to the consignment shop ! Now waiting to go swimming and later is church ... I wish < PROPMALE > was here to do everything with us ! 
Making a cake with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just finished my cake ... it took me 8 hours from start to finish and I hate it ! :( 
< PROPMALE>'s graduation party today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Day ! 
A year ago today < PROPMALE > asked me to marry him and I said \yes\ " ! I'm so glad I did ! " 
Is going to camp ! 
Is starting day 2 of camp ... boy do i wish < PROPMALE > was here ! I miss him more and more each day !! 
Camp Day 3 .... I'm sure my voice will be all gone today ! :) 
Day 4 of camp ... I can't wait to see < PROPMALE > in just 2 days !!! 
Day 5 of camp ... it was a great week , but I can't wait to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning !! 
Is watching my wedding video !! 
Is on my way to the airport ! I'm going to miss NY but I can't wait to be back home with < PROPMALE > !! 
Is back in the Chicago Land Area ! Another successful plane ride ! :) 
Ahh .... Sundays with Josh ... my favorite :) 
Is grocery shopping ! Ahh ! It feels good to get back into my regular routine :) 
It felt so good to cook again ! :) 
Is at the fair ! :) 
Can't wait for < PROPMALE > to open his birthday gift next week ! It's so awesome !!! 
I love when < PROPMALE > has days off ! :) 
What a beautiful day my Lord has made ! 
Flowers always make a space look prettier ... I wish I had a garden , I would go pick some and put them on my table ! 
Has a bunch of clothes to give away ! 
Had a wonderful time at < PROPMALE>'s birthday party tonight ! I'm saving the clean up for tomorrow , tho :) 
Happy Birthday to the Love of my Life !! 
CANNOT wait to go see the Sherlock Holmes play tonight with < PROPMALE > !!!! I'm so excited ! I even bought a new shirt to wear ! :) 
Is looking forward to seeing what this play is like ! 
going through < PROPMALE > Maulucci ' s clothes .... and getting rid of 1/2 of them ! 
Oprah really got sued by farmers for 10 million dollars because she had a segment about mad cow disease ?! 
Is itching to redecorate for the fall season ! Fall hurry up and get here !! :) 
Funny how every time I come to Best Buy with < PROPMALE > we stay here for at least a 1/2 hour and then walk out with absolutely nothing ! 
Thinks < PROPMALE > spoils me way too much !! :) 
Dollar Tree is seriously the best store there is ! 
Is going to the Salvation Army ! :) 
They had at $0.25 sale today !!! Yay !!! Woohoo !!! 
I miss my Hanny being on FB ... her account was deleted by FB for no reason ! :( 
I love being out and about with < PROPMALE > :) 
My < PROPMALE > is the best guy in the whole world !! 
Is out and about :) 
Has absolutely no motivation to do anything today 
So does anyone have a video camera that takes little tapes that I can borrow ( preferably someone who lives around me) ? :) I need to get my wedding video imported to the computer .... 
Has so much she could say about people and their posts on FaceBook ... however , I will refrain :) 
is loving the wind and cool air ... now if it would only stop making my blinds clunk together because the noise is driving me crazy ! 
I'm loving the weather !! Have I mentioned I LOVE fall .... the leaves , the decor , the holidays , the fashion , apple picking , pumpkins , the food , my anniversary , the weather , the spirit ... it's just a great time of year !! 
there are few things more annoying than a 6 year old throwing a temper tantrum in Walmart the entire time you are shopping ... really , if you can't control your kid then don't come out with them ! No one wants to see ( or hear ) how poor at parenting you are ! 
What a gorgeous day ! I love wind :) 
wishes my niece would hurry up and get here ! I want to meet her ! :) 
I finally got an \M\ " for my living room wall !! :) Thanks Mom and Dad M ! " 
Is going shopping ! 
Subway is one of my very favorites !! 
loves < PROPMALE > Maulucci 
Annabella Grace Maulucci was born tonight ! I can't wait to see her ! 
I'm glad it's not my job to figure people out ! 
loves last minute trips ! 
I have never before today , experienced moldy carrots ... now what am I going to put in my chicken noodle soup ? :( 
can't wait for my Cookie and Biscuit Bible to arrive in the mail !! 
What a perfect day for traveling ! God loves us ! 
I love watching < PROPMALE > do home projects with his dad :) 
Just loves the feel of the cool air , the smell of the wood burning stove , the sound of the laughter all around , the taste of a great dinner , and seeing < PROPMALE > with a smile in his eyes ... it's a great evening :) 
Isn't so sad that we had to stay in Watkins < PROPFIRST > another night :) 
Has a long trip home today ! 
I am so looking forward to eating my homemade galumpkis tonight ! 
10 months ago today I married the love of my life and have fallen deeper in love with him each and everyday ! 
Had a great time at the County Line Orchard with < PROPFIRST > ! Apples are so much better when you pick them yourself ! :) 
I love going out with < PROPMALE > :) 
Is partying hard :) 
Loves the smell of leather ! 
Is treating myself to thrift store shopping :) 
Ugh .... people 
Boy does a hot dog with sautéed onions and mushrooms sound good ! I have mushrooms , onions and bread , but no hotdogs :( 
Dr Schaap will be in our Sunday School class today ! 
Well , I've come to the conclusion if it's OK to celebrate Mother's Day , < PROPFIRST>'s Day , and New Year's Day , all of which have originated from Pagen traditions , then it is OK to celebrate Halloween too . 
Pizza sounds so good right now ... too bad I don't have any :( 
Does anyone have opinions on memory foam mattress pads ? 
Is going to the apple orchard today ! Can't wait to make apple sauce , apple crisp , and caramel apples ! :) 
Is cleaning windows and < PROPMALE>'s boss's parent's house .... don't tell anyone I'm terrible at washing windows :) 
Don't you feel so smart when you know the answers on Jeopardy ? 
Is on my own today and I have no idea what to do ! 
Woohoo ! The lady across the street was having a yard sale and selling her maternity clothes which happen to be my size ! 
Taking the train into Chicago to watch a parade ... I wish < PROPMALE > was coming 
is leaving for my WMS meeting but I'd rather stay home to sleep and read all day ( and eat the homemade applesauce I made all by myself ! ) 
Sweetest Day is this Saturday !! 
A beautiful Autumn day ! 
Finally organized my storage closet !! Now on to grocery shopping , then home to make jail bars for Mom M , and later we're having meatloaf made in the crock-pot ! 
Getting Mom M from the airport ! 
Lady's Spectacular starts today ! 
Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
I can't wait to sleep on our new memory foam mattress pad tonight ! Its so comfy and best of all it was a gift !! 
last night was a wonderful night of sleep ! 
I think I'm obsessed with Christmas decorations & Dollar Tree isn't the place for me to be !! 
Being sick and pregnant is no fun :( 
Who knew I'd be lucky enough to marry a man like < PROPMALE > ?! I love him ! 
I really need a miniDV camcorder to input my wedding to the computer ! I've been married almost a year and still only watched 1/2 of my wedding !! Does anyone near me have one to borrow ? 
I would love for it to be snowing here !! 
loves < PROPFIRST > Maulucci 
In case you forgot .... we speak English in the US l ! 
Hot cocoa kind of day ? I think so ! 
Hi , my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I have an addiction to everything Christmas . 
Yeah , we totally picked a 50in HDTV out of the garbage and it works fabulously ! Oh and not to mention is gave us back a lot of our channels we lost ! 
Deep cleaning day ! I'm tempted to put up my Christmas decor too but will force myself to wait .... 
Raining .... perfect day for a chi-tea latte ... which my amazing man bought me ! :) 
is thinking of crashing the Serbian birthday party going on upstairs :) 
Ok , technology is amazing ! Not only was I able to write a letter in Spanish to one of our missionaries who doesn't understand English , I was also able to translate the email she wrote to me in Spanish ! :) 
I had the brilliant idea to see how long it would take us to dirty every dish in our house but < PROPMALE > didn't seem to think it was so brilliant ... guess I should get to doing the dishes 
Is going to sew my Christmas table and place mats ! I can't wait to put up my decorations next week ! 
I wish I could get my tree today ... I LOVE the smell of pine & evergreen 
is the proud owner of a Cobblestone Corners 2010 Christmas Village !! I'm so excited and can't wait for it to come in next Friday ! :) 
A year ago today I married my best friend , the love of my life , and my soul mate ! This last year has been a fairytale ! Happy Anniversary , < PROPMALE > ! I love you !! 
Hmmm ... rain isn't exactly what I wanted all day today ... 
On the train going home ... what a wonderful time we had ! 
Ahhhh !!! I get my tree this week and I get to decorate ( and eat lots of food and drink eggnog and go shopping and so many other wonderful holiday things ! ) 
Yeah , not so thrilled that my just mixer broke while making my cheesecake ... guess I'm using a blender for everything tomorrow :( 
I've got so much to thank Him for , so much to praise Him for , your see , He's been so good to me ! Happy Thanksgiving !! 
On our way to < PROPFIRST > and Summer's house and boy does the car smell good !! 
has my Black Friday plan all mapped out ! :) 
I can't wait to get my tree after lunch !!! 
Is going to Goodwill with my sister in laws ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has to go back to the college in a few hours . :( 
< PROPMALE > is the only man I know who would sit at the dentist waiting for me for 1 1/2 hours ... I love him . 
It's finally snowing !! 
Welcome December ! Thanks for bringing snow ! 
Morning at home with my handsome man .. Christmas shopping ... Birthday party for my nephew ... Night at home with my wonderful man ... Another wonderful day ! 
I'm an Aunt once again ... count is now 4 nieces and 11 nephews :) 
Not so sure it was the smartest idea to rearrange the computer room by myself .... 
\I hid under your porch because I love you .... \"" 
Urg !! I'm having a lot of trouble designing this year's Christmas card !! It's so frustrating !! 
Snickers ice-cream ! I can't wait to try it ! :) 
I love looking at all of my Christmas decorations :) 
Oreos dipped in eggnog ... YUM !! And before you judge I've only gained 3lbs during my pregnancy and I'm 1/2 way through it . 
Is finishing my Christmas shopping today ! :) 
Bending over is over-rated .... who needs to clip their toe nails , water the tree , sweep up the dust pile , tie their shoes , pull things out from under the bed and couch , or clean the bathroom anyway ? Oh , that would be me .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is spending the night ! 
Why did you have to brake sewing machine .... I only wanted you to help me make Christmas gifts ?! You have made me very sad . :( 
In case I never proclaimed it to Facebook ! I hate the Doctors !! 
If anyone wants to come make cookies with me consider yourself invited ! 
Today is a much better day than yesterday ! 
This baby of mine is on the naughty list this year ! 
Would really love to take a 4 hour nap but I better sew , iron , wrap , clean and pack instead :) 
Is on our way to New York !! :) 
My how I've missed Tim ... Tim Hortons that is 
Going out to lunch with the girls ! :) 
I have the best Grandma and < PROPMALE > ever !! 
I didn't know one could have so much snot in their head ! 
I just love my < PROPFIRST > . 
Celebrated Christmas with the Maulucci's tonight ! :) 
On to the Broughton Family now ! :) 
Polish Food on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! Yumm !!!!!! I love being Polish !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Food Network , I missed you more than I thought ! 
Is heading home today .... 
is so glad I washed all of our clothes at my mom's house ... now I only have to put them away and I'm all unpacked ! :) 
Is putting the baby clothes my mom gave us away ! :) 
is going shopping and not coming home until I find sheets that I like !!! 
Loves hearing the rain fall outside our window ... if only rain needed to be plowed then < PROPMALE > would have tons of work today ! 
Thoughts On the pro and cons of grocery shopping every week vs every other week ? 
There was a guy with the last name Maulucci on With Out a Trace .... we're famous !! :) too bad is was the murderer :) 
I would've never thought in a million years that I would enjoy the time I had my blood taken ! 
for those of you who care , I registered for the baby at walmart.com 
Ahhh !!! Road to Avonlea !!! I love this show !! 
Since when does foil melt ?! Stupid foil ! 
I love < PROPMALE > Maulucci ! 
Is taking down my Christmas decorations and I'm quite sad about it ... I just love Christmas decorations !! 
My wonderful little home is no longer a winter wonderland . It's now decked out in it's cute < PROPFIRST>'s day decor ! 
Probably gets too excited when she sees the mail truck pull up and too disappointed when there isn't anything in the mailbox . 
Loves being the Birthday Girl :) 
Had a fantastic birthday ! 
Sometimes I just look at my little home and think , \I sure love it here . \"" 
For sin that made my Savior bleed , I < PROPFEMALE > my head in shame . Yet for the cleansing that I need , that precious blood I claim . \ 
The stripes by which my Savior bled bring healing , this I know . The blood that stained his garments red , wash mine as white as snow . 
Well , after much thought I deleted a bunch of people ; people I really liked . However , I reached my limit of reading profane language , constant complaints about life , and how fabulous sin is . My news feed is now back to being \G\ " rated ! " 
Only 13 more weeks ..... 
Is reorganizing the kitchen cupboards today ... no , I'm not \nesting\ " it just needs to be done and I'm the only one here to do it . " 
What could be better than a frozen banana ? A frozen banana covered in chocolate , marshmallows , and sprinkles ! 
Thanks to Shop it to Me , < PROPMALE > and I are enjoying Jamba Juice for free !! 
Is babysitting 2 of my nephews and 1 of my nieces 
Is quite excited about all the snow we are supposed to be getting . :) 
No longer wants to be pregnant : I'd like feeling to come back into my left leg , my back to not feel like it's constantly being pinched , my face , hands , and feet not to be swollen , to be able to sleep on my belly again , to shop in all clothes sections not just maternity , and about a million other things but MOST of all ... I want to see my baby being held in its Daddy's arms . 
\Love is a little haven of refuge from the world\ " -Bertrand < PROPFIRST > " 
Aldi's version of V8 Splash is revolting ! 
Since < PROPMALE > will be out all hours of the night in this historic blizzard I will be home missing him . He is such a wonderful , hard working man ! ( Yes , I'm aware that this is my third status update today ) 
My < PROPFIRST > is such a hard worker ... after only a < PROPFEMALE > bit of a nap he is back out at work ! I love him ! 
\She is not afraid of the snow for her household :\ " Proverbs 31:21 a :) " 
Homemade vanilla ice-cream is in the freezer and homemade coffee meringues are in the oven ! 
Gets to go plowing with < PROPMALE > ! 
Shouldn't common sense be a common thing ? 
One would think if you're singing the national anthem at the Super Bowl , you'd learn the correct words to the song . 
Grocery shopping is still one of my favorite times in a week . :) 
Made Amish bread this morning , WMS this afternoon , and the evening with my < PROPFIRST > ! It's a great day ! 
Who knew Costco could be so fun ! :) 
Our baby is a GIRL !! 
Is excited to make my spring table scape ! I have slight obsession with decorating and decorations .... especially tables . :) 
is quite sad that the last 10 stores I looked at online ( including my Walmart baby registry ) all have the baby bedding I picked out listed as \unavailable\ " :( Now to find a new one to fall in love with ! " 
I live with a court jester , computer wiz , intelligent scholar , hopeless romantic , tenderhearted teddybear , committed christian , understanding mastermind , and a gorgeous movie critic ... I love my life and I love < PROPMALE > Maulucci . 
Get ready for the day , breakfast with my Bible , grocery shopping , lunch , put together lasagna s , decorate cake , get everything together for < PROPFEMALE>'s party , clean the kitchen , get myself ready for the party , pack up the car ( hopefully not ruining the cake in the process ) , go put on a party at HAC , clean up party , relax with Josh ... yep , my day is filled ! 
Breakfast for dinner doesn't sound good at all when I really want Chinese food . 
Less than 9 weeks ! :) 
Purchased the baby's bedding ! It was such a great deal on EBay ! 
Relaxing morning , Started clearing out the baby's room , Organized the baby's few belongings , Went on a date and ran errands with my handsome man , Got a package in the mail from my Mama , Watched a show , Took a 1/2 hour nap , Made tacos for dinner , Went to the ladies prayer meeting , Came home to the dishes washed , dried , and put away !.... it was a wonderful day ! :) 
100% homemade tomato sauce with angel hair pasta and meatballs from scratch ... yum !! 
So excited for my \Skype\ " shower this Saturday ! " 
Is making Pina Colada cupcakes , chocolate dipped fruit , and punch for my Skype shower tomorrow ! I can't wait ! :) 
Is at my shower ! :) 
Received to many nice things today ! I can't wait to see it all in person ! :) 
Grocery , thrift store , and birthday gifts shopping today ! 
When I make meatloaf it reminds me of my mom ... maybe that's why I like making it often . :) 
We got a crib today ! :) Yay ! < PROPMALE>'s List ! 
The baby's room is coming along ! I got containers for her shelves and under the crib today ... I'm so excited to see the things I got at my shower last week in person and put it all away . :) ( ... not to mention that I get to have another shower in a couple weeks ! ) exciting times ... for me anyway ( I think I might be driving < PROPMALE > crazy ) :) 
Spring , family , Pastor School , and presents ! What a great day !! :) 
Pastor School was amazing ( even at 34 weeks pregnant) !! 
Out shopping with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Getting ready to go to the park so < PROPFEMALE > can take some pictures of < PROPMALE > , me , and my giant belly :) 
I must say ... I love our iPad ! 
I love my < PROPFIRST > :) 
Sounds like a man thanks to my wonderful friend Mr. Cold ... he has out stayed his welcome in my body ! Doesn't he know that when you're 36 weeks pregnant the last thing you want is him moving in ?! 
I love seeing sunshine outside :) 
Busy day ! First a dr appointment and then my baby shower ! Can't wait !! :) 
Had a wonderful time tonight !! 
Enjoying a day with just Josh ... not too many more days until a 3rd will be added and it will no longer be just us . 
Boy , is < PROPFIRST > lucky to be in heaven with Jesus ! 
Yes , < PROPMALE > Maulucci and I will be traveling back to NY for < PROPFIRST>'s ( my brother ) funeral . We will be leaving our home tomorrow and will be returning on Thursday . 
Driving ..... 
What a beautiful ceremony ... I can't imagine how amazingly wonderful his home going in heaven was ! 
And now the trip back .... I wish I could've snuck my little < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > in the trunk ! 
Home 
I really wish we had the Hallmark channel tonight . :( I've been waiting a long time for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s books to be turned into movies and I'm missing the first one ! 
