is bored 

it is saddening . no one said happy birthday to me on my birthday . 
This is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo great . I changed the language to English Pirate . 
A hero's not afraid to give his life . 
is listening to an amazing song on a great radio staion right now . things left unsaid by disciple on air 1 . 
likes his sleep . 
saw ice age 3 on monday . RULE 1 Always listen to < PROPMALE > . RULE 2 Always stay in the middle of the path . RULE 3 The gassiest walk in the back . 
give me good music and i will be fine . 
I'm going to be an uncle . It makes me feel old . 
i am typing this yet i am not on the computer . how do i do it ? 
happy national ball of yarn day 
1 day left . it is tomorrow 
skillet , hawk < PROPMALE > , decyfer down , and the letter black concert last night was amazing 
i has contacts . 
I'm not afraid of loving my enemies Turning the other cheek Blessing those that would curse me I honestly want peace with you But when you come against my country When you come against my family You try to destroy my people I can't just stand by There's no way that I can stand by This time I will not stand by I am coming , and if I come then pain is coming with me I'm coming and pain will be with me 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all . its bween a good one . :) 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
Glückliches neues Jahr !!! 
no school today . i feel like sayin somethin random ... violence is a cheap version of plastic surgery 
i am updating my status cause i havent for a while 
I went to my sisters place in Arkansas , hillbillie land . wnet cave diving . that was fun . i got a good knot on my leg while < PROPFIRST > got one on his head . the cave called the icebox was COLD !!! got really muddy . and we found a random bra ... so that made everything better . 
i was born when i was too early to have an age to be born with 
hello world 
i got an early birthday present rom my siblings . it was a nice cute kitten . i named her < PROPFEMALE > . 
i am now officially 14 
HAS * the best brother in the WORLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YEAH ! MIZZOU WINS ! THEY JUST KNOCKED OFF THE #1 TEAM IN THE LEAGUE ! 
Don't you know anyone can do this when you don't logout !!!!!!!! 
That concert was AWESOME !!! 
That which is on my mind is on my mind . 
went sledding today ... hopefully the tylenol will kick in soon . 
my hands turned colors today ... first they were white then they were purple then they were black then they were blue now they're mostly white again . 
epically destroyed a computer in basketball by a humbling score of 5-195 ! 
Coffeehouse tonight ! 
