Everyone has photographic memory ; some just don't have the film . 

Why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible ? 
The Lord tells me he can get me out of this mess . But , he's pretty sure you're fu**ed . 
“Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love , the things you are , the things you never want to lose . ” 
I not only use all the brains that I have , but all that I can borrow . 
I do not want a psychiatrist for the simple reason that if he listened to me long enough he might become disturbed 
I'm thinkin its 6:30 ... Im almost done preparing for the camping trip . But I still have more work to do ... 
Is Tired and burned to a crisp ( purple anyway .. still isnt good is it ? ) LOL . But we all had a GREAT time . Planning for the next camp out in 3 weeks or so ... 
Just got done dropping < PROPFIRST > off for her < PROPMALE > Lifeguard training ! 
Did you hear about the blind man who went bungee jumping ? 
ok ... Ive officially spent too much time on the net ... I just ordered Pizza online LOL 
cleaning out the garage .... grrrrr . Is it too early to start drinking ? 
yet another busy day ! Off to two appts ... hopefully finally fully released ( at least on paper ) . 
ok ... I'm off here until late afternoon . Have a great day everyone ! 
yay ! full MEDICAL release ... I'm good to go 
Thinkin about what to pack .... gonna go to the lake again on thursday 
WOOHOOO managed to sell stuff online ... got a decent price even ! 
Have to start re-loading the trailer today and muttering to myself wondering why I even unloaded it to begin with 
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom . H . L . Mencken 
YAY ! taking off for Lahontan today 
Yay ! We are home from the Lake ... the kids had a fantastic time ... now for the hard part .. LOL cleaning 
I was standing in the park wondering why frisbees got bigger as they get closer . Then it hit me . 
had a couple of brown outs last night but didnt get any rain ... so much for hoping ! Thank god for the battery backup/ surge protectors on the computers , I stupidly left them on . 
Overwhelmed , out of sorts LOL and totally shutting down . Not as bad as yesterday tho . 
Reflect upon your present blessings , of which every man has many -- not on your past misfortunes , of which all men have some . < PROPFIRST > Dickens 
Just got done push mowing the front of my property . The drive on the mower was going nuts and engaging at the wrong times , now I have blisters on my palms and my fingers from either shoving the stupid thing or holding it back . ooowwwiiieee ... geez . Tomorro 
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers . M . < PROPFIRST > Peck 
If people did not do silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done 
Getting ready to head to Reno and await the arrival of my new niece with the added bonus of maybe getting to watch my Bro get snapped at by his wife ( cause it's always the guys fault yanno ) LOL 
waters broke ... woohoo ... devil juice is onboard just waitin now ! 
WOOoooHOOOoo The baby has finally been born ! 10:36 pm 8lbs 9ozs 20 1/2 inches . < PROPFEMALE > did a FANTASTIC job ! The epidural didnt work .... she breathed thru it all ! 
Finally got home last night at about 230AM ... took until 4am to shut my brain down and get to sleep . I woke up at 6:45 apparently raring to go . I got to stay in the room thru it all ... it was just amazing . and yes ... I cried LOL . 
The only medicine for suffering , crime , and all the other woes of mankind , is wisdom . < PROPFIRST > Huxley 
I'm finishing the last organizational stuff to be ready for the next school year and making my shopping list of stuff for Rhys ' B-day cake ... This year he wants transformers again ... some kind of cityscape with them fighting and blowing up buildings LOL , I'm seeing a LOT of Rolled fondant , sugar gum and fondant < PROPMALE > in my future 
woohooo 1st day of virtual school . 4 kids this year ... not too shabby ... migraine and all , blah LOL 
Today is the second anniversary of < PROPFEMALE>'s adoption ! Shes been with us for 3 1/2 years and \officially\ " ours for 2 ... wow time flies ! " 
LMS ( learning management system ) isn't running , the older kids are rejoicing at the temporary reprieve . 
Yay ... week 2 of school . The kids are just about ready to start for the day . \Let the games Commence \"" 
Off terrorizing the VC countryside ! MWAAHAAhAA 
On our way back out the door to hike more hills after an hour break for lunch ... we toured pipers opera house ... went all the way to the 4th < PROPMALE > school , down to Makay mansion ... got a few more places to go see and the kids ( yes < PROPFIRST > is included in that ) are bugging to go for ice cream cones LOL maybe we should take the truck ... 
cant sleep urg . been up since mmm1-ish I think after dozing 1 1/2 hours or so . But oh yay I got to see all the late night movies ... watched the 300 then started watching Chronicles of Riddick dozed off about mmm 20 minutes into it then woke up right at the end . Then there was underworld . I give up now ... think I'm gonna make my coffee . 
Off to start week 3 of school ! Crossing my fingers we wont have meltdowns today 
Thank the lord this school week is over ... now on to the alcohol and valium ... preferably mixed LOL ... ( in my dreams ) 
<---- Has a HUGE headache . And working on composing nasty grams to Nev . D.O.E. about hassling the virtual schools to the point teachers cant even teach anymore . They're too busy with massive amounts of paperwork the State is all of a sudden requiring this year ( in triplicate of course ) . I think the State is Butthurt over < PROPFEMALE > many students switching to virtual schools this year . 
No man can be a good teacher unless he has feelings of warm affection toward his pupils and a genuine < PROPFEMALE > to impart to them what he himself believes to be of value . Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
<--- Is heavily medicated for your safety ... hehe 
Hmmmm very interesting day . My 7th grader has been assigned to do an anti gang essay . Lots of research supervision going on ... But from my standpoint as an ex-correctional officer ... I think this is a great idea 
LMAO ! ya gotta love the State of < PROPFEMALE > . They sent my husband home to serve me a subpoena . <--- one of the pluses of not working there anymore hehe no gag order . Tho I think it is totally wrong ( pissed me off in fact ) to make my husband serve the subpoena 
Looks like we are heading out to geocache for this afternoon . LOL < PROPFEMALE > got us thinking ... 
had a great time geocaching ... found 10 in 3 hours . Saw the funniest cache yet today . That bigmouth bass that sings ? hehe it was hidden in sagebrush . The kids scattered to start looking for the cache and when Rhys walked in front of it ... well it started singing and moving LMAO scared the snot out of him ! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity . ~ Goethe ~ I love this phrase 
Wheee ... and here comes another wonderful week . 
“Insanity is my only means of relaxation” 
Oh yay ... no FB apps are working for me ... so much for after school \me\ " time LOL " 
yay ... its workin again ... 
says when angry and writing a letter to someone and the save draft button is right next to the send button you should be extra careful ! : x 
Sanity calms , but madness is more interesting . 
Note to self : Sometimes hitting send instead of save draft works well in your favor 
Madness takes its toll . Please have exact change . 
Think I broke my middle finger yesterday ... guess its a good thing I retired and don't need it so often anymore LOL 
Going geocaching for < PROPFIRST>'s B-day ( her choice ) ... should be a busy day 
woohooo ... hayride , pumpkin patch , stew and hot cocoa and then the corn maze tonight .... 
<~~~ is tired ... thinking its time for a good nap ! Thinking < PROPFIRST > gave everyone some kind of dreaded gamboo LOL ... 
~ I want a brand new house on an episode of Cribs And a bathroom I can play baseball in And a < PROPMALE > size tub Big enough for ten plus me ~ 
Gotta start getting kids in motion so we can start our math day ... woohoo 
It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! It's Friday ! 
woohoo ... housecleaning today LOL ... 
This \new\ " news feed sucks .... I dont know about everyone else but the times are all mixed ... I could have something a friend posted at 6am two pages back ... hell I have the last post as being 9 hours ago then after that is 2 hours ago then after that is 6 hours ago then after that 15 mins ago .... WTH ??? " 
<--- feeling pissy 
If it wasnt for bad luck , I wouldnt have any luck at all 
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy , even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it . ~ Author Unknown 
<~~~ is already tired and still has to take munchkins trick or treating ..... 
If you would be a real seeker after truth , it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt , as far as possible , all things . - < PROPFIRST > Descartes 
Holy Cow its like 48 days til christmas already ! Where the hell did the year go ? 
Children are boundless energy , exploding with spontaneous joy and hilarious laughter . Children are creative banks of information who can make paupers into kings and villans into heros . Children are natural explorers who investigate for the sheer thrill of discovery . Children are trusting sould who believe all things are possible if one only wishes hard enough . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > and the kids fight over scrabble ...... I think he's losing to the 7 year old 
Ugh ... Its going to be a looooong day . got to sleep finally at 2am back up at 3am when the power went out which of course meant all 4 of the kids woke up . Finally just got the power back on and they are wide awake 
Grrrrrr 
Gotta love the insanity in families 
WHooooHooo ! I LOVE this time of year ! Bread is rising , Fudge is cooling , potatoes and yams are boiled , pumpkin glop ready for pumpkin pie and bread . Turkey is injected . Prime rib defrosting . Cookies tonight . Yorkshire pudding batter , Divinity , snacks and dips to prepare tomorrow . hehehe and allll the taste testing in between . 
mmmmm .... gotta LOVE taste testing for turkey day . Divinity is next 
Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
long day already , truck wouldnt start . Been trouble shooting that since 8:30 am . seems to be running good now LOL almost 200$ later . Still waiting for toddler delivery , nice ( not ) so much for going to steamshovel with our friends 
Just got home from a fantastic visit with friends at the pizza parlor . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the pitcher of wine cooler ! LOL . It was great to see them even if we didn't get to go to steamshovel with them . 
<~~~~ Thinkin I shoulda gone to the doc with < PROPFIRST > LOL coulda gotten some xanax or something . Trying to teach 4 kids , pre-school 1 , on top of a sick hubby . ugh maybe I shoulda stayed in bed 
Love it -11 at 5 a.m. -3 now with \freezing fog\ " . It beautiful out there but definitely sucks when the diesel pickup is too darn cold to start ... again . Had to buy an engine heater yesterday but gee imagine that ... sold out . They had to order it in . Wont get it until tomorrow so we are down to one vehicle . " 
LMAO ! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE * snicker * There are just a few things no mom should have to deal with ... and 11 year old boy who sledded into some branches and got some scrapes on his .. ummmm ... boys and needed them cleaned up . HEHEHE Now I can honestly say I've put bandaids in the oddest of places ! Luckily I think \they\ " were too cold to feel much pain . * snicker * I REALLY shouldnt be laughing about this should I ? " 
Its a gorgeous day , Just need to get the kids thru their school day and then we can play in the snow !! 
ATTENTION : If you don’t know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Setting > Planetary Settings > Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says “Apocalypse . ” Please copy and paste onto your status for all to see so everyone is aware of the conspiracy . 
Solstice Blessings ! 
Holy Cow ! HUGE snowflakes here in < PROPFEMALE > . I dont think Ive ever seen clumps of snow the size of baseballs before . 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... ( Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going) ! ... isn't this fun ? ( Thanks Shilo ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! We are off to bed to get our 4 or 5 hours of sleep before the kiddos wake us up yelling that < PROPFEMALE > was here LOL ! 
ugh , gotta get dressed and probably take \lumpy\ " to the pediatrician . From the looks of it and the whiney sounds I'm thinking maybe strep . ick . " 
Debating a nap ... was up at 3:30 with Rhys crying about his throat and running a nice fever 
I loved a stuffed animal under your bed because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . LOL 
OK just for free entertainment . RATE ME ! hehehe Just for the heck of it : COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 : Nuts . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Smart . 6 : Cute . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : THE Best I EVER HAD . 18 : Gf/Bf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable 
Going to go watch paranormal activity now .... :) 
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour & if you yelled for 8 years , 7 months and 6 days , you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee 
Okay , who put a \stop payment\ " on my reality check ? " 
Soylent Green -- the taste differs from person to person 
If a deaf person swears , does his mother wash his hands with soap ? 
Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along . 
My friends and i will be the old ladies causing trouble in the nursing home !! 
Multitasking means screwing up several things at once . 
“People look at you and me to see what they are supposed to be . And , if we don't disappoint them , maybe , just maybe , they won't disappoint us . ” Walt Disney 
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be . ~ Socrates 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
I decided today that bad decisions make good stories and sadly those stories are the ones that get laughed at the hardest by your friends 
packed and ready for my weekend ... Wow 2 days without the kids ... we wont know what to do with ourselves 
Thank You for all of the Birthday wishes everyone ! Today has been a great day . 
The sole purpose of a child's middle name , is so he can tell when he's really in trouble . 
Grrr FB is crazy this a.m. It would be nice if they left well enough alone . I'm tired of all the constant glitches caused by the repeated changes . 
Fact of life : after Monday and Tuesday , even the calender says W T F . 
Off to watch my Ghost hunters .... =) 
Arguing with a zealot is only slightly easier than tunneling through a mountain with your forehead . 
I think that today , after the kids classes are done , I will attempt ( for the 300 and something time ) to teach them the proper way to clean their rooms ... hehe without shovels 
actually reads each one of your posts . Never doubt that I care for you greatly . I am not only glad to count you as friend but extended family as well ! I care for all of you !!! ( Well most of you , except the PITAs out there , I love YOU ! ) Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and splatter this in your own giggle section . Lets see who wants to stay on the list cause I'm flippin hilarious 
WOW top of zoo world home page : Zoo giving 2 marmots for being loyal to zoo world 
<~~ is tired LOL 
<~~~ is off to bed ... 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
? ? ? If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest , well-behaved , non-cheating men out there the recognition that they deserve ... because great men are few and far between , and I have one !! ? ? ? 
<~~~ is getting frustrated over the whole green check issue in zoo world ... gonna go feed my fish for a while > 8/ 
Help Wanted : Telepath . You know where to apply . 
<~~~ Is hunting for the 2 new zoo animals on the feed 
Yay ... off to play plumber ... fun fun 
Woohoo ! Off to the E.R. Looks like another kid with a broken bone ... 
Via : \Randee The-Ruler\ " Sooooooo ..... T-Mobile just called me up and asked \ " what do you want for a cell phone company\ " ? So I tell him .... A blow up doll that doesn't fart and fly out the window when I bite it's neck ...... he < PROPMALE > up on me !..... I guess T-Mobile didn't REALLY want to know ! " 
IS ANYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY PATRIOTIC ANYMORE !?! Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! ABSOLUTELY !! 
I refuse to < PROPFEMALE > in your psychodrama . ; 
Hmmm .. what to do . My 7 year old managed to bypass my parental controls on the computer . He somehow got into an adult ( sex ) chatroom . Plus side is all he did was type a ton of random letters and ask if anyone had seen Kung Fu Panda 
Time to get ready to take the tweeny to Wallyworld before she melts down . Betcha 5 bucks she tries to con me all the way home to watch the movie as soon as we walk in the door .... 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . ~ Post to your wall if you agree 
Its days like today that make some people become alcoholics LOL 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself . I love mine very much !!!!! " 
Any mental functions attempted in this area must be re-evaluated during a subsequent period . It has been discovered that standard logic works sideways in this area due to the influence of the occupant . 
UGH !!!! What a pain ... searching zoos thru the visit tab because everyone disappeared ... geez . Another glitch . I was hoping to avoid this one tho :( Maybe I'll just head off to bed 
<~~ This girl is turning into a pumpkin and is off to bed . Have fun everyone ! 
Sooo ... who all besides me cannot actually load their zoo ? I can get to a few areas , feed peoples babies ... but thats pretty much it . 
OK ... Who is hiding all the blue crabs on Zoo World ? LOL 
<~~~ feels like I live my life from eyeroll to eyeroll while constantly muttering the phrases \OMG Really ?? \ " \ " Are you kidding me ? \ " \ " I can't believe you said that\ " and \ " amazing\ " in a sarcastic tone * eyeroll * LOL " 
<~~~ is super thankful for my two big brothers and all their work building my monsters a monster sized swing set and welding their trampoline so I dont have to worry about them knocking it apart anymore ! 
Green house upgrade on my wall ... 5 more needed 
WTH is this freeder thing ????? 
Zoo Friends ... who all hasn't managed to get ANY of the coconut crab ?? before I do my gifting for the day 
Ok Zoo people 2 things ... first is there still anyone out there who has not gotten any of the coconut crabs from the feed , let me know and I'll send a few . Second ... My impatience has gotten to me ... who had a purple Needletail Swift they will < PROPFEMALE > me long enough to open it in my shop and send right back ?? a Gyra would be nice too LOL 
<~~~ is off to bed .... have a good night 
The family . We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste , coveting one another's desserts , hiding shampoo , borrowing money , locking each other out of our rooms , inflicting pain and kissing to heal it in the same instant , loving , laughing , defending , and trying to figure out the common thread that bound us all together . ~ Erma Bombeck 
WARNING : If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warmer weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT !! THIS IS A SCAM !! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . ( borrowed from a friend ) 
hey has any ZW people seen the new < PROPFEMALE > moth on the feed yet ? 
Ok who has bottles on their wall that I havent seen yet ?.... still havent figured out where the heck they come from 
The voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas ! 
Front door prepped and ready to paint . Mix paint with power drill mixer , hit bubble , paint on the concrete . Cleaned and scrubbed concrete . Start painting door . Puppies get in paint , get bath . Start painting door . Kids running like wild Indians and step in paint on drop cloth , feet washed . Start painting door . 
<~~ Is heading to bed ... can only feed animals on the feed , no adopting , no searching zoo its freezing every other zoo blah and thats after clearing the cache , rebooting and 3 different browsers ... geez . The zoo gods don't want me online tonight LOL 
OK I no longer need pacifiers or bottles ! Wahooo . I'll keep sending them out ... just don't send them back to me LOL . 
The 12 days of FB ...... 12blank screens ..... 11 locked up links .... 10 games not working ....... 9 days ofscreaming .... 8 posts not posting .... 7 emails bitching ... 6 cigs asmoking ... 5 salty tears ...... 4 thousand gone ... 3 brokenmice ... 2therapists .... and a programmer hanging from a treeeeee !!!!! ( feelfreeto copy and paste --- I did ! ) 
In an argument , a woman always has the last word . Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument . 
“Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young” 
When my husband comes home , if the kids are still alive , I figure I've done my job . 
Protect me from knowing what I don't need to know . Protect me from even knowing that there are things to know that I don't know . Protect me from knowing that I decided not to know about the things that I decided not to know about . Amen 
WTH ?? grrr go figure . Zoo world adds a new item to build and it wont let me request help for any parts LOL 
<~~~ is off to bed ... LOL eyes are crossing .. 
ZW people ... if you make your requests for building materials through all of the applications or other applications besides zoo world ( birthday cards , horoscopes , hug me , likeness , rock you live or rock you pets ) more people can help .... 
& hearts ; 
Anyone need anything ? borrow animals etc ? LOL I'm bored 
No matter how calmly you try to referee , parenting will eventually produce bizarre behavior , and I'm not talking about the kids . ? 
geez 
I have never been able to think of the day as one of mourning ; I have never quite been able to feel that half-masted flags were appropriate on Decoration Day . I have rather felt that the flag should be at the peak , because those whose dying we commemorate rejoiced in seeing it where their valor placed it . We honor them in a joyous , thankful , triumphant commemoration of what they did . ~ Benjamin < PROPMALE > 
<~~~ has been reading Zoo World forums and LMAO ! People just amaze me daily . 
Wooowooo ... looks like the weather may actually start acting like its summer ! Planning to camp next weekend , so cleaning the trailer today and dragging out the kids water toys . 
Okay So I have Noticed a Few of You Still Don't Know Where Your < PROPFEMALE > Garden is - You will Find It in Your Storage Under Buildables :) You must accept a < PROPFEMALE > gift first for it to appear ;) Thanks to my zoomates for reminding me of that lol 
<~~ is back from 3 days of camping , pics to come :) Whats new on FB ? 
My son just told me this one .... How do you get a Kleenex to dance ? \ 
Put a little boogy in it ! 
WTH ?? LOL take 4 kids to the grocery store ( as if that isnt insane enough ) on the drive home ( with the windows down ) I get stung on my back by a < PROPFEMALE > OWowow . 
Happy Fathers day to all of the great fathers out there ! 
LOL ... anyone elses \fireworks boat\ " go missing on ZW ? " 
Think I'm finally done with the format and reinstall . Just a couple more programs to re download and I'm good to go LOL . 
There\ 
are three types of effort : easy , difficult , and impossible . The easy \ 
ones teach us appreciation and laughter . The difficult ones \ 
teach us < PROPFEMALE > and perseverance . The impossible ones \ 
teach us humility , surrender , and spirituality . 
Heading out to the lake for the day ! Springs side , usual beach if anyone wants to wander by :) 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture \ 
you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of\ 
your friends , and hunt you down like a bloodhound , until the day you \ 
understand why I do it . That is the day I'll know you are a responsible \ 
adult . All because ? I LOVE YOU ? 
Packing for another camping trip ! :) 
Whew we are home from the lake , everyone is tired and burned LOL . 
“Remember\ 
in elementary school you were told that in case of fire you have to \ 
line up quietly in a single file from smallest to tallest ? What is the \ 
logic in that ? What , do tall people burn slower ? ” 
wow ... time flies . Waiting all day today for Rhys and Connors school curriculum to arrive 
I'm thinking the youngest child is going back into Connections Academy ... specially after the local school district has had so many issues lately ( ie ; pedophiles employed with criminal record of such , several teachers have abuse and neglect claims and the list goes on ... crazy . 
I'm making my other profile friends and family LOL no games 
<~~~ will be offline for next 3 days for camping =) 
<~~~ is off to coordinate my 4 kids school day . Have a great day folks ! 
<~~~ is off for our last camping trip of the year ( probably ) =) 
<~~~ is off to start the school day :) 
stupid zoo .. white/blank 1/2 the time ... :( 
Do you know that if you finish one costume , and want to do another one but can't post to ask friends again ..... just ask them to click on your original post and it will < PROPFEMALE > over to your next costume . Please share this with all zoomates , so we can help all who needs it . Also , If you can't collect any more thread , Find any completed haunted houses to claim the thread , that will still work . 
I'm an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , & to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD indivisible with < PROPFEMALE > & JUSTICE for all ! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer allowed to do so for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE . Let's see how many AMERICANS will re-post this & not really care about offending someone 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is to help end violence against children . 
Zoo World people ... in case you havent seen it . 11th island is on sale in the shop for the next 6 1/2 hours for 30 wild life points 
For those families who will be traveling or have no access to computer for your little ones to \Track where < PROPFEMALE > is\ " The NORAD Tracks < PROPFEMALE > Operations Center is fully operational beginning at 2:30 a.m. MST on December 24th . You can call 1 877 HI-NORAD ( 1 877 446-6723 ) to talk directly to a NORAD staff member who will be able to tell you < PROPFEMALE > ’s exact location ! " 
LOL ok ZW I spend ages finally updating my trees and NOW I have to have a starfruit tree ? really ? very few people even send pear trees to upgrade 
Whew .. Valentines day is over .. guys , you can go back to taking your loved ones for granted and girls can stop shaving thier legs again . =) 
arghh can't search zoo's LOL all my zoomates disappeared ! They must be on vacation , hope its warm there . Oughtta have zoobies put there zoo url's up so we can still visit each others zoos ...... hmmmm 
I have personal reasons for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends 
