Happy new yearwhich means our graduaating year ! 

So sleepy and so frustated 
Ugghh all alone 
\Empty pockets never held anyone back . Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that . \"" 
im growing bald next week !!!! to win 5 dollars !!! 
im alone in my wall 
Metroid is the best video game series ever !!!!!!!! \ 
Get Metroid Other M this August 31st 
Metroid Other M !!!!!!!! 
Guessing game !!!!!! \ 
Tell me the name of the movie with this quote ! \ 
\Listen me to Farley ! i dont know what im gonna enjoy most kicking your ass or nailing your mother\ " . \ 
Mexico vs South Africa Tomorrow morning !!! \ 
Come on Mexico kick their ass !!!! 
Life is like a box full of chocolates you never know what you're gonna get 
Noooooooo !!!!!!!!! KGB loss against the CIA !!! in other words Russian vs American !!! Its bullshit im still mad !! well at least Spetsnaz muder the Green Berets !! XD oh well next time \ 
Who do u think will win next time \ 
Vlad The Impaler vs Sun Tzu ? 
I just realized that no matter how nice , kind , helpful and all that those things what makes a friend they will always have some hatred towards you 
might commit suicide because < PROPFEMALE > beat Mexico 3-1 in the World Cup 2010 
almost commit suicide 
just realized that no matter how many special friends u have u might never see or hear them again 
wow what a day tomorrow im goin to UCLA and the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pier !!! And next friday im goin to Six Flags !! and then the next friday Universal Studios !!! Finnaly after that im goin to Disneyland !! and its all free suckers !!!! XD 
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha < PROPFEMALE > loss against Germany 4-0 !!!! Hahahaha thats what < PROPFEMALE > gets for cheating and making Mexico lose . Looks like < PROPFEMALE > were a victim of Moctezuma's Revenge !!! XD And every argentianian were crying and stuff now they know how we mexicans feel when we loss against < PROPFEMALE > . Am i right ppl Like this if u like what i said !!!! 
The 4th of July is another reason for Americans to say oh look were all powerful now respct us !! For me i dont belive in the American system its broken and not working i used to belive in the American dream but now i have to face reality its just not gonna happen . Join the Communist !!!!!! I am a Communiist !!! Enjoy the Communism way !!!!!!! Join me !!!!!! 
who here can lend me a wii ? 
Hey in a battle to the death who would win\ 
Navy SEALS vs Isareali Commando 
My god like 6 ppl i know have already enilisted in the US Military meaning they will be in military service as soon as they graduate its pretty weird 
Noooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY AIR CONDITONER BROKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wel im out my parents house for good this time i moving to the dorms in UCR finally sometime away from my family for 3 weeks andd i need someone to talk too 
Boy was Disneyland fun !!! I cant belive the field trips are over BUt im still goin to the North Cal Trip !!!!!!! Pier 39 and Great < PROPFEMALE > on the trip !!!!!!!!! only seniors could go in your face juniors !!!!!!! But i do feel sorry for some ppl that deserve to go 
cant belive i only have 3 days of summer vacation left after the NorCal trip it kinda sucks :( 
Hello from San < PROPFIRST > !!!! Im staying here in Northern California for Upward bound tomorrow im goin to sacramento and more places !!!! i just went to peir 39 !! 
Please someone talk to me you 
Pismo Beach !!!!! 
guess whaat everyone i am goin to try lose 20 pounds and more in order to pass an important exam so just letting you people know that ! Wish me luck 
well heres our last year of high school lets all make it the best 
Does anyone know a teache that needs a < PROPFEMALE > for 5th period ? -_- 
My God Metroid Other M is just 2 weeks away so who wants to wait for it at August 30 at 12 am with me at Gamestop ? 
Does anyone know how to find the height of a right cylinder when ONLY given the radius and slant height ?? I need help right now !!!! 
People just dont know when to quit and am tired of working all day 
its sad that some ppl get mad for no reason 
I can already tell that its a bad day for me -_- 
the stress is already setting in X__X 
i will not quit the poke war Cladiua !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can someone tell me this years popular songs any type of music will work 
Yay !! Metroid Other M is officially just 2 weeks away !!! Cant wait to play this game !!!! 
ugghhh have to wash the car all by myself 
Peace out ! Comrades !!! 
Metroid Other M is just 8 days away cant wait to play and beat this game cause i havent lose in any Metroid related game cant wait to see Samus Aran to kick butt !! XD 
Public school lunches are getting worse i just got a Peanut butter banana snadwich for breakfast when i look inside the middle and saw a greenish yellowish blob inside and then i took a better look and it look like throw up !! >_> Hope rubidoux can afford more better things 
For some reason Facebook reminds of that episode from South Park where Facebook is like a triky computer that kills your friends hahaha 
Ok ! Does anyone know where i can get a job cause i got my work permit 
come on any part time jobs i can find any suggestions would work as long as iits in rubidoux or riverside city 
Waht about my cave in the yard ?!!! Whos gonna pay for my cave in the yard ?!!! X_X 
Goin to Bakersfield tomorrow ! 
I was just goona eat a bagel when my brother is eating cereal and he said that thres a message in the cereal and it says oooooooooooooooo !!! Then i said those are Cheerios \ 
u never know when 5 year old ppl will overeact >_> 
Who won the game ??? 
is the Devil 
Has his own panic room ! 
well gonna go to Gamestop tonight to get Metroid Other M hope they have a lot of copies 
Hahaha i made my Facebook Language setting into Pirate !! 
Some must live and some must die no matter who they are 
i cant believe that my cousin almost won 10,000 dolllars !!!! if he would have got the number 18 again he would have won ! Damn you lottery tickets !!!! 
all right brb ppl :/ 
ll right just registered for the SAT II ! ^_^ 
Belive it or not the goverment monitors your calls , text messsages , and facebook postings there monitiring right as now as I speak X__X 
im in jail >_> \ 
\ 
Damn you Monopoly !! 
Remember people who r 18 years or older dont forget to vote for Democrats !! This November !! Vote for < PROPFIRST > bromn for Governor for California dont let Republicans ruin California anymore ! 
Which of these movies should i wacht ? Devil or Resident Evil 4 Afterlife 
hahaha \ 
Raiders suck !!!!!!!! \ 
Its all about the Philadelphia Eagles !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow School pressure is setting in big time ! Cause if i fail one class for this semester i wont graduate ! X__X 
See ya ppl i goin to my vacation . In my backyard !!!!!!! 
I think were getting close to World War III ! >_> 
whos gonna see the fight today ? Im goin for Mosley against < PROPFEMALE > 
Hahahaha i log on with wii ! Haha 
if only riverside could have snow everyday during the winter >_> 
I cant believe angels loss i blame god ! 
I love it when a plan comes together 
Yes Finally no F's in my fisrt progress report !!! 
GET TO THE CHOPPA !!!!! 
I want a 7/11 around here in rubidoux instead of circle k's 
Who wants to be in our movie !!?? me and my group are making a videoo and if you will like to participate please let me know immediately we can taaake anyone and aany grade level 
For the 1st time of the year Monday is gonna be an awesome day !!! 
I hate sundays now >_> 
Whos going to the college fair today at the riverside convention center ? 
Today was not a great day :( 
Ok who knows how to write a resume ? 
Uggh tomorrow is a sunday ! >_> 
Hahaha i was feeling sad today until that i heard that the cowboys loss ! Hahah Cowboys suck :P 
Hahaha Philadelphi Eagles Win !!! Hahahh today is a great day !! 
hey i still need volunteers for the group video project whos still intesrested if you r let me know by tuesday :) 
who still wants to join the video project ?! im still accepting ppl but i have only 2 spots left ! 
Another greay day :) 
Filming day was a success ! but it took me and my group more than 2 hours to get 5 minutes of video !! i was so tired when i got home and theres still more filming to do ! X_X 
hey which would you rather do ? \ 
Go paintballing or go go to beach ? 
I was thinking almost the whole week why did i lose one of my international friends and said was it reaally my fault ? then i thought she had a depressive attitude , too emotional and just to much handle ! im glad now that me and her are no longer talking 
I got my check for going to summer school the total was 90 dollars and yesterday i didnt have money to go to homecoming ! I was sad and when that check arrived i was so pissed off ! Why me ? >_> 
Hahahaha Philadelphia Eagles Win !!! And u know what makes this a better day is that the cowboys lose and are officially out of the playoffs !! Hahaha its a great day ! :^) 
i still i cant believe that we all have a motnh of vacation from school :O \ 
Thats awesome ! 
It was nice riding a bike in the rain with thunderstorms ! XD 
Ugghhh im so bored right now ! I have nothing to for almost an hour ! Im slowly losing my mind ! :O 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
My bike is wrecked ! Damn you society !!!!!! 
I apply for Burger < PROPMALE > ! Lets hope i get the job so i can learn to make the whoppper ! 
Hahahahaha Yankees lose !! Buh bye Yankees i wont be seeing you in the world series ! :D 
Yes ! I win the tournament ! We had a tournament on SSBB and i beath < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > to win 1st place nd u know what else i upset the 2 previous champions < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Hahahaha what good day ! 
Damn the Eagles lose agaisnt the Titans today 37-19 ! Dont worry Eagles will bounce back ! Im looking foward to the Cowboys losing against the Giants haha XD 
hahahahahahahahaha Cowboys lose ! Ah that finish my day :) 
Finally NBA is back ! 
I really need a key ! Why cant my family give me one ?! Im sick of waiting outside all the time ! 
i cant believe ppl confused with JD from scrubs today -_- all because i had a doctor shirt on X__X 
Theres nothing like Halloween and Football tomorrow ! This sunday will finally be a great day in 7 years ! 
YES !!!!! < PROPFIRST > Brown wins the governors race finally replacing The Terminator and beating the worlds greediest woman ! Hahaha and < PROPFEMALE > Boxer wins too !!! Hey Republicans California doesnt want you here get out of here ! XD 
Time is just going to fast were almost done with the 1st semester :O 
This whole entire day i have been thinking what the hell im gonna do now 
Yes i got my 4GB sd card finaally more memory ! 
i just realize that the word Dog if you spell it backwards is God ! O_O 
Yeah today is FOOTBALL !!!! Lets go Philadelphia Eagles beat the Cotls ! And i wanna see the Cowboys lose agiain !!! 
YES !!!! Philadelphia Eagles win 26-24 beating the Colts ! 
Waiting for the RTA Bus in the rain is such a pain in the ass ! >_> 
OMG !! Somebody sneak into my backyard ! I heard the gate opening and i thought it must be the neighbors until i heard the dogs barking then i saw someone running pretty quick all over my yard and i decided to bring my pocketknife and bat and that person ran as soon as i open the garage door ! Reminds me the my neighborhood is still not a safe place ! O_O 
UTOPIA !!!!!!! 
Why cant we have friday off ! >_> 
Decisons ! Decisions ! Decisions ! I dont know what to pick 
My god ! why didnt i thinl this before ! Pizza with pepperoni and potatoes ! 
The Walking Dead is so far one of the best drama shows i ever seen 
Finally im not sick anymore ! Good bye headches and allegies hahaha now i feel great ! 
Finally a vacation next week ! 
Damn ! Cant believe how many times i went to < PROPFIRST > in the Box to get free tacos ! I went to 3 restaurants and 2 disgusises i got at least 10 tacos and share with my family ! 
The one thing i hate being a < PROPFEMALE > is the papercuts >_> 
Dammit ! Dammit ! Dammit ! 16 years of planning ruin ! 
OMG i saw someone get run over by a car today near the post office and elementary school today damm feel sad for the guy 
Finally its the weeekend ! And the best part is the one week off from school !! 
Finally my wii is repaired now i can go online and kill ppl in Call of Duty !! 
Theres nothing like eating hot soup with a blanket wachting TV waiting for the coookies to come out of the oven ! ^_^ 
Lets Go Philadelphia Eagles ! Beat the shit out of the Giants and lets take 1st place in the NFC East division !! 
eagles win 27-17 we take 1st place baby !!!! yes 
Im never going walking alone in the dark ! My god stupid dogs chasing me , some girl keeps aasking for change and i almost got runover !! 
Idk why ppl call it Global Warming when it should Global cooling ! Damm its cold ! 
TAMALES AND POZOLE !!! IM PROUD TO BE MEXICAN !! 
Tomorrow gonna be a great day ! NFL , pizza , party freedom and sleeping in until 12pm ! 
Chargers vs Colts , Packers vs Falcons , Bears vs Eagles , Dolphins vs Raiders , Buccaneers vs Ravens and Jaguars vs Giants ! today its a good daay to wacht NFL 
Cant belive i have to go back to my prison and by prison i mean school >_> 
Today after was kinda weird and scary . I was walking towards a friends house when i saw him outside holding a pickaxe saying that maybe someone is robbing his house and now i have to hold a broom . Whaat can a broom do to a robber other than annoy !!! 
I cant believ thaat im going to the most hated place in < PROPFEMALE > and that place is called the DMV ! >_> 
Its just a quiet day today 
still thinking about what should i do if my fisrt plan fails because i have no second plan right now 
To the < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Cant beileve that im going to be in the game show at my school hope i win ! ^_^ 
todaay is gonna be a long day ! Hope i still win ! ^_^ 
I hate having allergies ! >_< 
Japanese music gets addicteting O_o 
Theres nothing like driving in the morning :^) Relax im not texting and driving ! 
Just wacht the whole Scarface movie and i can say is epic ! \The world is yours ! \"" 
Cant sleep :/ 
Eagles win 30-27 !! Take that Cowboys ! Next week we will beat the Giants !! 
Hahaha today was funny after school since < PROPFIRST > forgot his keys to get inside his house so we sned in < PROPFIRST > to hop the gate and break in the house itr was so funny since < PROPFIRST > coulnt figure it out to open the window and < PROPFIRST > didnt wanna go in since he didnt want to ! XD hahaha It took like 15 minutes to get inside and then after that we had to put back the screen since it had to be removed ! XD 
I cant believe i didnt have to take the final for cooking class all becaause i dont have my work missing and instead i get to make Gingerbread cookies !!! Hahaha the look on everybodys faces ! XD 
Best gaming day ever ! Im still the championship !! 
3 weeks of vacation ! Finally i can relax from school pressure :D 
It sucks now that i cant go to Anaheim :^( 
Eagles vs Giants , Jaguars vs Colts , Jets vs Steelers , and Packers vs Patriots !!! All great games tomorrow and its all on basic cable ! XD Im just gonna sit down in my chair with a Dr. Pepper and French Bread pizza saying Beat the shit out of the Giants\ 
Go Eagles !!!!! 
This week is Christmas and yet im not excited guess im not in the holiday spirit :/ Damn you economy 
Just finish preping ingredients for tamales ! Tamales always makes Christmas the best 
Are you ppl happy that rain is here ?! Well dont you think its too much now ?! 
Finally the rain is over !! Now its time for the freezing cold DX 
Which Evil , Evil Person in History Are You ? -- My Result : Stalin . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/53195/referrals/status?aid=100001113963029 
Why must report cards come BEFORE Crhistmas !!! I mean the school just wants to mess up your Christmas ! Counlt the school send them AFTER Xmas ??!! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is tomorrow ! Meaning staying up until 3am ! But for me 5 am ! 
When my uncle said i got you a 2 dollar gift he wanst kidding he actually gave me a 2 dollar < PROPMALE > 
Metal Slug is the best series game since Contra 
Ugghhh whats the point of a vacation if i have to wake up at 6:30 am !! 
I gotta stop wachting horror movies 
Being lazy can have one of the greatest opppurtunities ! 
< PROPMALE > Gump still remains one of my top five movies of all time 
Hahaahahaha Saints lose to Seahawks !! Who dat ! I mean the Seahawks not the Saitns ! 
The tragedy of losers is that they came close to victory 
Thiniking about tomorrow is easy but thinking about the future is no fucking joke 
Today was a good day ! Winning the fights everytime 
I just remember right now that i saw the soda machine of the future ! I was at a restaurant called Zorbas when i saw a soda machine with a touch screen and it had over 50 flavors and not the cheap ones !! 
Dammit Dammit Dammit !!!! The Packers already ruin my bet and the Seahawks are going too !!!! I hope the Jets can beat the Patriots i really want some of my money back 
Almost l lasted 20 rounds of Nazi zombies in Black Ops me and my cousin could have lasted longer if we didnt have retarted parthners who get kill quick !! 
AMC is the best channel in the history of history 
4 months 4 days 2 hours 17 minutes and 6 seconds left until graduation 
Cant wait to play Nazi zombies on sunday its gonna be awesome 
Never give a person who has amnesia to play Grand Theft Auto they will actually mimic the game ! just trying to keep society safe 
Why a saturday session tomorrow !! why cant it be from 10am-2pm !!! 
Just cooking my breakfast :^) 
Wachting the documentary on Che Guevara on IFC . Che is one badass rebel 
Well tomorrow is the AFC and NFC championship games its gonna be a long day watching these games ! Come Jets beat the steelers we have a mexican quaterback !! 
Without the cheese the world go kill it self 
FOOTBALL !!! Lets go Jets and Packers ! 
Just applied for Starbucks , Burger King , Taco bell , and Bakers . Tomorrow im heading for mcdonalds , farmer boys , denny's , KFC , Subway and < PROPFIRST > in the box >_> If anyone has any ideas where else i can look let me know ! 
SLOW AND ZOOM ! ( Kicking you in the face ) 
Whats funny about the live speech that Obama is giving is that when ppl applause some dont and they look like idiots ! XD 
Dr. Pepper is the best soda ever made ! 
still no luck on finding the job i would really like to work at Taco < PROPFEMALE > or startbucks :^) 
Mmhhhh ! CHOCOFLAN !! 
Tomorrow = Lazy and TV 
WTF ?!! $3.94 on gasoline !!!! What is this < PROPFEMALE > Hills ?!! God Damn if its 4 dollars or more im gonna lose it 
Why today had to be boring ?! And in sunday its even going to get more boring !! Well maybe not since the PRO BOWL is tomorrow !!! 
Wosrt Wekkend ever 
Hahahaha i knew NFC would win 42-0 hahaha take that AFC Fans !!! 
Theres nothing on TV ! I cant believe im wachting the Food Channel !! 
I need to rwally find a job i tired 10 places and still nothing :^( 
Everybody keeps telling me that the Steelers are gonna win and i bet on the Packers ! Eh im a gambler ! 
Party ! Party ! Party ! Party All The Time ! 
The first 10 people to like this status & I will answer these questions : 1 . What's your name saved on my phone ? 2 . How long have I known you ? 3 . What's my most memorable moment with you ? 4 . Do you mean a lot to me ? 5 . One word to decribe you ? 6 . Would I care if I lost you ? 7 . What I love about you ? 8 . What I hate about you ? 9 . Would I date you ? 10 . You Have Just Been dared to make this your status :/ 
Hahahaha Step Brothers ! 
Things get worse and worse 
Hahahaha ZombieLand !! 
I neighbors dog again broke in my back yard again -_- and my dad try to call him and no answer so then i had to hop the fence just to knock in his door doesnt my dad know i hve a fear of dogs !! 
Just beat Resident Evil 5 on C o-o p mode ! It took me and my cousins friend over 6 hours ! Worth it 
Super Bowl party at my house !! Just eating carne asada and Dr. Pepper 
Might have a heart attack for wachting the super bowl !! 
We win !! Packers won !! Take that Steelers !! 
Im actually excited to go to school tomorrow since im going to rub it in to every single steelers fan !! 
Whats better ? Milkshake or Sundae ? 
Im officially addicted to zombie movies right now 
Do we have a late start tomorrow ? 
OMG ! Guitar hero is dead ! Thank god ! 
I wanna get the fuck out of my house and get my own place so tht i can get away from my dictator parents ! I had enoughh dealing with them ! 
Who would win ? \ 
Brains or Branws 
Today started off bad but later during the day it got better :^) 
People try and try but most of them Fail 
Haha you funny man ! I kill you last 
Dont you just hate it when youre playing co op mode and your parther puts pause just to talk on the cellphone :/ 
Why cant fast food places open more late ! I dont want it to go ! 
Feel way more better to go to today :^) 
Hahahaahaha take that ppl with no power !! hahaha thats y i pay my bills ! 
Oh shit i forgot to fill out my size and weight for the cap and gown !! >_< 
Playing < PROPFIRST > Epic Yarn really does bring the 1st grader in you !! 
Apple or < PROPFEMALE > pie truly a hard choice 
My blubber keeps me warm i dont need a jacket :^) 
So then Sunday we meet again 
Whats great about when parents leavewithout tellin you is that you can make the breakfast you want ! 
Now i play the waiting game 
Just 3 more months and no more waking up at 6:00 am >_> 
Nothing is on my mind 
God is real ! Aliens are gods side projects ! XD 
Today im just hearing \You got accepted ! \ " Where is that school ? \ " When are you leaving\ " ? It just reminds me how close before class of 11 is gone :^( " 
If elected president i would make commercials illegal and give the death penaalty for who ever airs them ! God dammit i hte commercils takes to long and they cut off the good parts of the show ! 
Ok so my parents told me to vacuum the house but as soon as i start they yell at me saying that they wanna hear the tv and when i turn it off they yell again cause i wasnt vacuuming ! WTF ?! O_o 
Just got the memo On the CASHEE days we dont start till 11:09 am !! 
Whats the point of snow if it nots in rubidoux !! >_> 
I hate sundays so much that i get headaches from them ! X__X 
I cant believe my parents bought a 42 inch plasmaa screen TV i feel like a < PROPMALE > mexican for once !! 
Y are most faacebook posting are all about Farmville !! >_< 
Its funny seeing the elderly fight !! 
My the look of my progress report its due or die now >_< 
You ate my only food now im gonna starve X_X 
Nike owns Tiger Woods ! I just saw it on TV 
Greatest moment in Call of Duty history ever !! My team was down 4 kills and there was 7 seconds left and my team gave up and i was all alone searching for a miracle then 3 seconds left and i shot a grenade launcher high in the sky that it went across the map and i got 4 kills !! 2 kills by the grenade launcher and 2 kills by car explosion !! Thats how you kickass in Call of Duty ! ^_^ 
I really hate those parties where you barley know anybody and you just sit at your table looking like a dumass ! Tonight is gonna be a long night : l 
Tomorrow is gonna be an awesome day i can just tell ;^) 
Fuck ! I hate new haircut ! When i saw a sign thaat said get the Hispanic Afro for 10 dollars i thought it would be kool to get since i got large hair then 10 minutes later i see my hair short and round ! False Advertisement ! >_> 
French Food isnt really all that bad :^) 
It feels like Oceans 11 when you plan everything for tomorrow ! XD 
Never eat Chili Cheese Fires in the morning cause you will be full all day >_> 
You know what really grinds my gears Children misbehving in front of the public and youre just letting them do whatever they want its annoying ! Are the parents to lazy to tell their kids to beavhe ! 
Cant wait to see Transformers 2 again on my brand new plasmaa screen tv ^_^ 
You know what really grinds my gears \Gasoline Prices\ " Since when does gas prices soar up fast now the middle east countries stand up ! Why did they had to do it now when they counld have done it like in the 60's now i have to suffer with gas prices just because they now realize they want democracy !!! WTF ! " 
I blame globl warming for this unexpected heat ! >_> Its March it should be cold warm not warm hot ! 
You gotta kill everything in your path even if its yourself 
I just remember that i get to make my own cotton < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! :D 
ok so who won the senoirs vs staff basketball game ? 
So im guessing we loss :/ 
Its really close before all hell breaks lose in my house and there will be a couple of body bags outside my house for the dead furniture of course ! 
Yo mama is so fat they baptized her in Sea World 
If i was in a street fight i will run to the closest gun or sword store ! XD 
Over the past 2 years with all the natural disasters the more i think 2012 is gonna happen :^( 
My Dentist Appointment was at 10am i got there at 9:26 am i waited for n hour until they called me up and i waited and waited until finally they did their job and i left unttil i realize the time was 1:09 pm ! WTF !! I waited 4 hours for 1 Sealant !! 
What does Typical mean ? 
In Soviet Russia Pokemon chose you ! 
Haha The Roast of < PROPFIRST > Trump hahaha funny shit XD 
Well just finish applying RCC looks like everything is finally going my way 
Damn my lil bro stole my 10 dollars ima kick his ass later -_- 
Hey some wnts to play Arrow Roulette ? :D 
Yay i dont have to go to school tomorrow ! :^) 
The First 48 is an awesome show 
I dont know why you ppl complain about the cold ! The Cold is better than summer ! 
Nooooooooooo !!!!!! Carls Jr might be gone from California !!!! Just saw it in the news on FOX !! DX 
Your life isnt worth saving if you backstabbed them . If see that person begging for help of any kind i would put you out of your misery and keep your corpse as my trophy 
Finally got my RCC email now i can move on to the next step ! =D 
Good news ! I might work at the rio market its near patriot high hey at least i get cash 
Kids these days say the darnest things ! My lil bro said that Rain is gods piss and tha the ocean is his bathroom !! Wtf ! O_o ?! 
God has punished me today . For my irresponsible thinking and behavior and im paying for it with guilt and sadness 
Google has definetely made life a whole lot easier ! ^_^ 
If you think about it Misery is your only true friend 
Thinking of getting a new DVD player does the PS3 play dvds or just blue rays let me know 
Youll be the ass kickee and i will be the ass kicker ! 
Yes ! Finally getting my Senior Sweater tomorrow 
I maybe an idiot but im smart 
HAVE GUN WILL SHOOT !!! 
I feel like going to San < PROPMALE > and go eat their delicous seafood right next to the port where you see ships and the ocean 
Well time to go Plan B nd just stay home 
Does any have a Gamecube pwer adapter that i can borrow or have ? 
World War III has begun !! All because of Libya ! I hope theres no nuclear war :^( and i hope this war is soon over 
Finally made that gcn work ! That piece of junk still works i still got it when it comes to fixing any electronics 
Fuck ! RCC test this thursday i havent even study !!! But you know what i dont need to I GOT THIS !!!! 
The TV Show Bobs Burger is fucking retarded ! 
