Today is my baby's 7th Birthday .... he had a great party .... thank you all so much for coming ... he had a blast ! Now to figure out what to do with all this leftover food and cake ..... :) 

I love SNOW ! 
I am so excited that I get to sleep in tomorrow ! :) 
I love hanging out with my kids ! 
Go Colts ! 
I'm Looking Forward to Spending the Day With My WONDERFUL Family !!!!! :) 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful ? husband ? that works hard and would give up anything just to give it to you , then repost this ... because i have the most amazing ? husband ? in the world ! God has blessed me and I love him very much !!! ? 
is enjoying hanging out with her kids :) 
is looking forward to spending tomorrow with her husband :) 
enjoyed spending the day with her hubby and little < PROPFEMALE > today !! 
misses her hubby ! 
has the BEST husband in the whole world ! 
wishes her parents weren't getting a divorce ...... :( 
wants a date night with her hubby soon ! 
is looking forward to the weekend ! :) 
is looking forward to < PROPFEMALE>'s visit today :) 
is happy her hubby is off tomorrow ! 
GO COLTS !!!! 
The Colts Won !!!! :) 
feels blessed to have such a wonderful family :) 
is sad her hubby has to work tomorrow ! :( 
wishes she was watching the bachelor , but instead i get to watch spy kids :( 
just woke up and got ready and then found out school was closed ..... :( 
I LOVE SHOPPING ! :) 
enjoyed spending the day with her kids and mom , but missed her hard working hubby ! 
is so ready for the weekend ! my hubby is off and we can all finally spend some real time together ... :) 
is cleaning and then going to take the little < PROPFEMALE > to mcdonalds :) 
is so happy it's friday ! :) 
feels so OLD ! My little cousin just asked me if I still had my prom dresses because next week at school they were having retro prom day .... :( 
trying to think of something great to get my wonderful husband for < PROPFIRST>'s day ! He's so tough to buy for ! He always says if I want something I'll buy it , but I love buying for him ... he does so much for me and the kids and I like to show him how much we love him ! :) 
watching Toy Story with my 3 favorite people ! :) 
I love how sweet my children look when they're sleeping ....... 
cleaning and then off to get my little guy at school ! :) 
is sad ! Divorce SUCKS !!!! ( my parents , not mine ) :( 
watching my sweet little angels sleep helps me forget all my worries ....... 
is so ready for the weekend and it's only tuesday ..... 
is it friday yet ? 
Urbandicionary.com copy and paste 1st comment under your name on ur status ! < PROPFEMALE > to take , hold , or steal your heart . a person who is a soulmate . a good lover . 
is making dinner .... then going to give the kids a bath .... 
watching the parent trap with the kiddos trying to get them togo to bed .... hannah isn't having it .... 
is taking care of her sick little guy ... he has a sore throat :( 
watching spongebob with the kiddos ... trying to think of something to make for dinner .... 
new Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice ..... so excited ! I love TV way too much .... :) 
still taking care of my sick little guy ... I wish he felt better .... 
SNOW ! I love snow , but my little guy is still sick and I'm sure he's not going to understand why he can't play in the snow ... :( 
watching tv with my little < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
waiting for game time ..... 
is so bummed that the colts lost last night , but excited about the snow we're suppose to get tonight ! :) 
is hoping that school will be out tomorrow too ! :) I love having my kids home with me ... 
is making < PROPFIRST > goodies for < PROPFIRST>'s party tomorrow .... 
is snuggling on the couch with her babies ....... :) Life couldn't be better ! 
is taking care of her sick little < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
is enjoying Valentines Day with her wonderful family .... I have the best husband in the whole wide world ..... :) 
is cleaning and trying to make the most out of being stuck in the house ! Anyone want a puppy ?? This stray dog that we love just had puppies ... right now they are in my laundry room ... very cute ! :) I need homes for them togo in 6 weeks ... let me know if you're interested ..... 
is wondering if it will ever quit snowing ..... 
is excited that there is no school tomorrow ..... 
is so sick of watching scooby-doo ! < PROPFEMALE > has made me watch this episode like 20 times today ..... 
is being lazy and snuggling on the couch with her kiddos ...... :) 
is bored ! 
just found out < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has school tomorrow and I'm afraid I'm going to get stuck in my driveway ! :( Maybe we should skip school one more day ..... even though I am going crazy being stuck in this house .... 
is having another day stuck in the house .... I am so looking forward to doing something , anything that doesn't involve staying home ! 
is going to get ready to make dinner and do some laundry ..... fun times ! :) 
is very happy :) 
is watching scooby-doo with her little < PROPFEMALE > ........ 
is trying to get her baby boy to sleep , but all he can think about is the puppies ... :) 
trying to make myself exercise , but I just can't get motivated .... I'd rather clean .... so sad ! 
is making < PROPFEMALE > Stampede's soup and cheddar biscuits for dinner ..... yummy ! :) 
is so happy that the weekend is finally here ! 
is sick ! My throat hurts SO bad ...... :( 
is looking forward to spending the day with family :) 
had a great day ! :) 
is so tired !!! 
wants to start spring cleaning soon ..... am I crazy ?? 
is going on a DIET ! Does anyone have any low-fat dinner recipes ?? I don't have a problem dieting during the day , but I have trouble finding something that the whole family will eat for dinner . 
is watching the Real World ..... there is nothing on tv tonight ! 
has enjoyed a day home with her kiddos ..... :) 
is looking forward to the weekend ..... my hubby is off ! :) 
is so happy it is Friday ! :) 
relaxing on the couch with my little < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
I think all of our puppies are boys ..... I really wanted a girl :( 
had a great day today ! Shopping with my wonderful husband and dinner at Outback .... Yummy ...... Life is Great ! :) 
today flew by so quick .... time flies when you're having fun .... who knew cleaning could be so much fun ! :) lol 
my puppies opened their eyes for the first time today ! They are so cute .... I wish I could keep them all ...... :) 
UGH ! He's going to pick Vienna ..... WHY !? 
finally done cleaning .... now I can relax and enjoy what's left of the day with my family . :) 
trying to think of something fun for < PROPFEMALE > and I to do tomorrow ..... hmmmmmmm 
just got done exercising and I feel great ! :) I've been on my diet for 10 days and lost 2 lbs . Finally I'm motivated ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > just kicked my butt ! 
SUNSHINE ! :) 
Life is GREAT ! 
had a great day playing outside with the kids ! This warm < PROPFEMALE > weather makes us all so HAPPY ..... :) 
Loving playing outside ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > have been playing t-ball all afternoon .... They love running and playing with the dogs .... Fun Times ! :) 
just got in from playing outside ..... Spring is a great time to forget the chores and enjoy the sunshine ! :) 
just got done cleaning .... now I'm going to get my little man from school .... I wish that my hubby and my little man could stay home with me and < PROPFEMALE > everyday ... we miss them so much while they're gone ! 
is hanging out with her little < PROPFEMALE > ... missing her boys , again ! :( Weekend where are you ? 
is so looking forward to the weekend ! It has been such a long week ..... 
Yeah ! It's FRIDAY :) Fun Weekend planned .... VERY Excited ! 
Yucky Yucky day ! Where is the Sun ?? I'm so happy for the weekend , but I would love a little sunshine too ! Oh well this weekend is going to be great no matter what ! :) 
Had a terrific weekend with her family and I'm very sad to see it end ! 
Just gone done cleaning and now I'm snuggling on the couch with < PROPFEMALE > waiting to get < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > at school .... she keeps giving me butterfly kisses ! :) I wish my babies could stay little forever ..... I'm enjoying every second ! 
Does anyone want a puppy ?? This cute little puppy needs a home ... he will ready to leave his Mommy on Easter ..... let me know if you'd like for him to be part of your family .... very sweet ! 
Thank You God for giving me such a wonderful husband ! He takes such good care of us and I don't know what I would do without him .... I have two healthy beautiful children and a great husband .... life is GOOD ! :) 
Cutie Pie has a home ! Today we took the puppies to a St < PROPFIRST>'s Day party at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s school and we found our homeless puppy a home . :) 
Today was a great day ! I got to see my Meemee who I don't see nearly enough , got to eat lunch with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > at school , spend sometime with Mom and < PROPFEMALE > , and then go to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s school for a special St < PROPFIRST>'s Day snack .... it was a great very busy day .... and I'm ready to do it all over again tomorrow . :) 
spending the day with the family at the zoo ...... i love this weather ! :) 
just got done having a yummy dinner with her family .... i can't believe the weekend is over so soon ! :( 
UGH .... Rain ! I hate Mondays ..... :( 
Smiling :) Enjoying my hubby's day off .... 
Bubbles never get old ! :) 
Looking forward to spending the weekend wih my family ..... 
had a great day with my kids .... movies , shopping , the park .... busy busy beautiful day ! :) If only my husband could have enjoyed it with us instead of working ..... 
UGH .... why do Mondays stink SO Bad ?? Cleaning and missing my boys .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Day ! I love Tuesdays ..... :) 
Another < PROPFEMALE > HAPPY Day ! :) 
Making Easter goodies ...... 
Fun Day ! Took the kids to the zoo and now we're playing outside ..... I'm so glad that Spring Break is finally here ...... 10 whole days with my baby boy .... I just wish my hubby was off too .... 
Enjoying spending the day with her kiddos hanging out at home .... the Easter Beaster is coming tonight .... :) 
Happy Easter :) Looking forward to spending the day with my Family ......... 
Had a Wonderful Easter ! :) I wish everyday could be this good ...... 
is loving having both her kiddos home with her :) ....... we slept in and now have no plans other than playing all day .... life is good ! ( I still wish my hubby was here ) 
Wonders why it takes some people so long to grow-up ? :( 
is looking forward to a fun day with her kiddos and hubby tomorrow ! I wish life could always be this care free ....... :) 
is so tired and I haven't done anything ...... being lazy is draining .... :) 
is trying to think of something fun to do with the kiddos ........ 
is sad that Spring Break is almost over ..... I love spending time with my kiddos ! Now the countdown is on for Summer .... :) 
had a great day with her family today ! :) 
just got a pedicure and my feet are very happy ..... Happy Birthday week to me ! :) 
~ I think its funny all the friends people have on facebook . How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean , personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , a ... t ............ ... how interesting this can really be . It's a lot of fun ! 
is planning a trip to Disney World ! :) < PROPFEMALE > is old enough now to really be excited .... she wants to meet Snow White and < PROPFEMALE > Mouse ..... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > wants to ride the roller coasters with Daddy .... this is going to be SO MUCH FUN ! I think I'm more excited than they are ...... my Birthday week just keeps getting better .... did I mention that I have the BEST husband in the whole world ??!!! :) 
spent the day with her kiddos on a field trip ..... fun day ! :) 
looking forward to spending the weekend with my family celebrating my birthday ...... my hubby's off ! :) I can't believe I'm 29 .... UGH ! I'm getting old ..... 
Thank you all so much for all the Birthday wishes .... it's been a great day ! :) 
wishes everyone I know and love could be as happy as I am right now ....... 
Had a GREAT Weekend with her family ..... I usually hate Mondays , but today not so much ..... I'm excited to get the house clean and get the week started right :) Hope everyone else is having a Happy Monday too ! 
is getting very excited about Disney World ! :) We're going to try and fly now which is going to be so much better ..... my least favorite part of any family vacation is the long car ride with the kids ..... 
Bummed ....... :( 
loves how my husband is the only person in the whole world that understands me ..... I'm so happy we found each other ! :) 
is so tired ! I love shopping , but it is so draining ..... :) 
is planning a special little Birthday Party for her hubby with the kids ..... we decorated the house , made a cake and his favorite dinner , and wrapped up some presents .... his Birthday is on Tuesday , but little does he know that when he gets home from work today we will be ready to celebrate ! :) 
is watching a movie with the family ...... where the wild things are ...... michael enjoyed his early birthday celebration ..... :) i love my family , they are my world , they complete me ! 
hanging out with the family .... having a lazy day enjoying my boys being home .... :) 
UGH ! Will it ever stop raining !??? 
is motivated and happy ! :) 
One Tree Hill tonight !!!! Yay :) 
is sick and so are both of my kiddos .... we all have strep and feel like poop ! :( 
is feeling AWESOME ! I love this weather ...... :) 
just got done cleaning and organizing the kids rooms .... they look so good .... I bet that won't last long ! :) 
Rainy lazy day ....... Getting ready to watch Lovely Bones ...... :) 
Another rainy lazy day ..... just got done watching It's Complicated .... very funny ! :) I have to get out of the house soon ...... very bored . :( 
Yay ! No rain ! :) Finally got out of the house and enjoyed some sunshine ! The sun makes me so happy ..... Now I just need to focus on my family and not let others DRAMA bring me down ..... 
had a great day with her hubby today ! Shopping and lunch ...... he's the BEST :) 
why do our kids have to grow up so fast ?? I'm missing when my babies were babies ! I don't want to have anymore kids , but I can't help feeling sad that a certain chapter in our life is over ..... they aren't babies anymore ..... 
making cookies for teacher appreciation week and then going to start dinner ..... fried chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans , and milk gravy ...... yummy ! :) 
is sleepy ...... 
my energy water is not doing its job today ..... I have no energy ! I need something to help get me moving ...... 
just got back from playing at Puzzle's Fun Dome with my kiddos , Mom , and nephews .... Fun Day ! :) 
Happy Monday ! :) Today has been a good day .... I am motivated and feel great ! Lets just hope it lasts all week .... :) Hope everyone has a great week . 
wishes her hubby didn't have to work so much ..... he takes such good care of us and I am very grateful that I have him ..... he's the BEST ! :) 
the kids are sick again ! We spent the day at the doctor and then home resting on the couch ...... 
we are all finally feeling better and I am so happy it is Friday ! I just wish I had something fun planned for the weekend ...... 
had a great day at the zoo with my kiddos and my wonderful sister-in-law < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks for spending the day with us we had a blast . :) 
is going through all of < PROPFEMALE>'s goodies that her wonderful cousin < PROPFEMALE > passed on to her ..... she is in heaven ! She is walking around the house in a < PROPFEMALE > from the Wizard of Oz costume and taking pictures with her new camera ...... Thank you so much < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > is going to love this stuff for years to come . :) 
is enjoying visiting with her sister-in-law , < PROPFEMALE > and her father-in-law ...... ugly day , but enjoying visiting with family ..... :) 
UGH ! My treadmill is broken and it is totally messing up my routine ..... if that's the least of my worries I guess I'm doing pretty good ...... Happy Monday ! :) 
is having a lazy day home with the family ..... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > didn't feel well today and my hubby is off so we're all lounging together ..... :) 
is watching the good wife ..... I love this show ! :) 
is looking forward to Grey's Anatomy tonight ! :) I'm a little scared to watch after seeing the previews ..... I'm such a nerd ! How come TV excites me so much ?! 
Spent the day cleaning the house ..... Hannah loves to help clean ..... I wonder how much longer that will last ? :) 
spent the day shopping for t-ball gear with the family ..... my hubby and his brother are coaching < PROPFIRST > Paul\s team ..... practice starts this week ! :) We're the Texas Rangers ... " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > only has 6 more days of school ! He graduates from Kindergarten Thursday ..... He is growing up way too fast ...... :( 
watching the Bachelorette and enjoying some quiet time ....... 
just got done getting my hair done ....... now just waiting togo to tball practice ...... :) 
spent the day shopping for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday party supplies and registering her for preschool ..... then tomorrow my baby boy is graduating from Kindergarten ...... he's going to look so sweet in his cap and gown ..... now if I can just get through it without crying ! 
is looking forward to a great weekend with family and friends ! :) 
had a great day at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Kindergarten Graduation Party ! Pony rides , games , < PROPFEMALE > bounce .... it was a blast ! :) 
is making goodies to say thank you to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s wonderful Kindergarten teacher and for his Spanish teacher that threw an awesome party Saturday and has taught him more Spanish than I will ever know ! :) We love CCA ! 
Field Day ! Spent the day with the kids celebrating the last day of school ...... Michael < PROPFIRST > said it was the best day of his life ..... now tomorrow we have our first t-ball game ..... Summer is finally here ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s first t-ball game went great ..... he had so much fun ! Now I'm getting ready to make a Toy Story cake for my nephew's 6th B-Day ....... :) 
spent the day with the kiddos at the zoo splash park ..... summer fun ! :) Tomorrow we're going to start Birthday shopping for my little princess ..... she'll be 4 in a few weeks ! Why do they have to grow-up so fast ?! 
spent the day cleaning ...... at least it was raining ..... I hate cleaning in the Summer ! There are so many other things I'd rather be doing .... :) 
has the most thoughtful husband in the WHOLE WORLD ! :) 
loves being a Mom ! Summer is great .... everyday we just have fun .... I just wish my husband didn't have to work ..... 
just finished playing with the kids on the slip-n-slide ! :) It's amazing how much fun water can be ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > talks about getting married all the time ..... tonight we were cleaning out some closets and found my veil ..... she loved it ! :) Then she asked her Daddy how old she had to be to get married .... lol 
had a great Father's Day with the family ! :) 
had a great day with the kiddos and my hubby ..... lunch at Red < PROPFIRST > and Toy Story 3 .... :) life is great ! 
the kiddos and I spent the day with my mom and the boys at a pirate party and then the pool ..... Michael < PROPFIRST > is learning to swim and he is so proud of himself ! :) I love my Family ! 
smores ..... yummmmmmm ! 
lunch with the kiddos , the park , and then the pool ..... this has been a day filled with fun ! :) Happy Monday !!!! 
spent the day shopping with my little princess ...... she is only 3 , but loves shopping ! :) We had so much fun , but missed our boys ! 
had a fun day at the zoo with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids ...... then we came home and took a nap .... that never happens and it was great ! :) 
another fun Summer day ! :) 
just finished watching Twilight for the first time and loved it ! Why did it take me so long to watch this ?? :) 
just got done watching some fireworks with the family .... the fireworks were beautiful and I loved seeing how happy the kids were watching them ! :) 
tomorrow is my beautiful baby girl's 4th Birthday ! She is growing up so fast ..... she asked Daddy if he would take her to get her ear's pierced ..... I know she will chicken out , but I'm trying to decide if we should take her and where ? < PROPFEMALE>'s ? 
is going out with the famiy to do something fun for < PROPFEMALE>'s 4th Birthday ..... our little < PROPFEMALE > is getting so big !!!! 
had a great day with my hubby and the kiddos ..... now to start getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday Party on Sunday ...... I love having Birthday Parties for my kids ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is so cute ! She is eating her toast singing \There's a party in my tummy so yummy so yummy \"." 
OMG ! I just watched New < PROPFEMALE > and loved it .... I have to see Eclipse !!!! 
just got done making fried pickles ..... yummy ! :) 
making a < PROPFEMALE > Cake for Hannah ..... I love baking ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 4th Birthday Party !! A BIG Thank you to all of you that came to < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday Party .... she had a BLAST ..... :) 
took < PROPFEMALE > to her 4 year check-up today .... not fun at all ! She had to have 3 shots and she wasn't a very happy little girl ..... glad that's over ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sitting here watching me on the computer saying \Here comes the bride\ " over and over again ..... so cute ! " 
just got home from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s last t-ball game ..... we had so many family and friends there .... thank you all for coming ! :) Next year we'll have 2 little ones playing baseball .... 
just got a steam shark ! :) 
loves her husband ! :) 
spending the day with my three favorite people ...... :) 
smiling :) 
looking forward to having lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ..... :) 
My hubby is off all weekend .... SO EXCITING !!! Can't wait for a fun-filled family weekend ... :) There's nothing better in life then spending time with your family :) 
I was on my way home earlier and my neighbors barn was on fire .... so our road has been closed all day and < PROPFIRST>'s weekend off hasn't had such a great start .... the barn is gone now and it is crazy smokey outside ..... I feel so bad for my neighbors the barn was full of hay :( 
spent the day with my favorite people ! I have the best husband , daughter , and son anyone could ask for ..... :) 
less than 3 weeks until school starts .... :( I'm so bummed that Summer is almost over , time to buy school supplies and wake-up before the sun comes up ! UGH ! Now both of my babies are going to be in school and I will be volunteering too so this is going to be tough to get used to ! 
watching Indiana Jones with my favorite little boy .... :) we love to snuggle after < PROPFEMALE > goes to sleep .... 
loves just sitting and watching my kids do things .... their facial expressions are so cute .... the way they giggle when their watching TV is priceless ! 
I wish my hubby didn't have to work tomorrow ! He needs and deserves a vacation so bad .... 
we added some fish to our pet family today .... now we have 3 dogs , a cat , sea monkeys , and fish ..... what will they ask for next ?? :) 
making lasagna and < PROPFEMALE > dump cake for my Dad's Birthday ...... :) I love cooking .... I just wish I didn't always want to eat everything that I cook ! 
watching Wizards of Waverly Place with Hannah .... wishing it was bedtime ! 
just got done kicking some butt in Wii Bowling .... :) I'm awesome ! 
Does anyone know of a good Ballet or Dance Studio that I can sign < PROPFEMALE > up at ?? She wants to be a ballerina so bad ..... 
is so excited that her hubby is off for the next 4 days ..... family fun ! and then school starts on monday :( 
had an AWESOME day at Holiday World with my wonderful family ! :) 
today was my baby boys first day of 1st grade .... I missed him so much !! 
spent the day with my hubby and my little princess ..... missing my little boy .... in 3 weeks < PROPFEMALE > starts preschool and then I'll really be lost .... :( 
< PROPMALE > E Cheese ...... :) I love the weekends ! 
Weekend ... YAY ! :) 
I love my family ! I wish I could spend every second of every day with them because that's when I am the most happy .... they are my life ! :) 
:) 
loving this long beautiful weekend ..... :) 
spent the day shopping with the kiddos and then got to have lunch with some family and friends .... fun day ! :) 
my baby girl's first day of preschool is tomorrow ..... I'm going to be so lonely .... I just want to cry thinking of it ! Why do they have to grow-up so fast ? :( 
< PROPFEMALE > had a great first day of school .... I was so worried and she loved it ! I have to say it was odd being all alone in the house today , but nice to be able to exercise and not worry about having to stop and wipe anyones butt or anything . :) I think I could get used to this \me\ " time ! " 
sick :( 
getting my hair done in the morning and can't wait ! :) 
had dinner with my mom today for her Birthday ..... Outback .... yummy ! 
I wish I could think of something to do for my husband for all the nice things he does for me ..... he is the best ! He always takes such great care of us and never worries about himself ..... I am so blessed to have him as my husband .... :) 
Fun day at Huber's with the family ! :) 
Fall Break !!!!!! 
Disney World in 2 weeks !!!! SO EXCITED !!!! :) 
just made dinner reservations at Chef < PROPFIRST > ! SO excited ! :) 
Disney World !!! just got back from Magic Kingdom and now we're going for a swim .... :) 
relaxing and enjoying being home .... :) 
can't believe that it's time to start Christmas shopping ..... I love this time of year .... family , fun , baking , crafts , warm fires ! Love It ! :) 
Grey's Anatomy and then Private Practice .... oh how I love TV ! :) 
Putting up the Christmas Tree and listening to Christmas music ...... then we're going to make and decorate sugar cookies .... and finish the day off with Elf ..... I love it ! :) 
started Christmas shopping today with my hubby and had so much fun ! :) 
making Christmas ornaments and drinking hot chocolate ...... now I just need some snow ! :) 
spending a lazy day at home with my kiddos making < PROPMALE > cracker houses :) .... I love when they're both home with me ! 
looking forward to spending another day with the kids and hubby tomorrow .... going to see < PROPFEMALE > at the mall .... FUN ! :) 
making salt dough ornaments and listening to Christmas music ...... :) have I said how much I love Christmas ??? 
just got finished watching The Polar Express with the kiddos .... that movie never gets old ! :) 
was in bed all day with a horrible headache , but now I feel great and I wish the day wasn't over ! I am looking forward to spending the day tomorrow with all my favorite people ... my loving hubby and 2 great kids ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had her Thanksgiving program today and she was so cute ! They were dressed like little indians .... I wish she would stay this little and sweet forever ! :) 
cleaning , baking , and getting ready for Thanksgiving ! :) 
28 Days Until Christmas ! :) 
doesn't want the kids to go back to school tomorrow ..... I've enjoyed having them here all day ! 
watching a sad Hallmark movie ..... hoping for a happy ending !? 
Unanswered Prayers ....... 
enjoyed a lazy day at home with my hubby ..... rain makes me so lazy or does it give me an excuse to be lazy ? :) 
just got done decorating Christmas cookies and now we're going to watch How the Grinch Stole Christmas .... life is good ! :) 
10 years ago today I met my hubby ....... :) 
22 Days til Christmas ! :) 
had lots of fun playing in the snow with the kids today ..... :) 
cuddling with the kids watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Christmas .... 
chilly ........... 
just got back from the doctor .... Michael < PROPFIRST > has a sinus infection and an ear infection .... :( 
now I'm sick ..... ugh !!!! :( 
watching National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation ..... 14 days til Christmas !!!! :) 
I love snow !!! :) 
perfect day to make some Christmas goodies ....... we're making peppermint bark for all the teachers and staff at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s school ..... I love Christmas !!!! :) 
SNOW DAY !!!!! :) 
bored ...... there is only so much cleaning and cooking you can do in one day ..... I need to get out of this house ! :) 
I want Christmas the way it used to be before DIVORCE changed everything ! :( 
started putting together < PROPFEMALE>'s Majestic Mansion today and boy am I glad that I still have 9 days to get this done .... lots and lots of pieces ! 
making Christmas cookies with the kiddos for all of our parties at school tomorrow ...... I love baking !!!!! :) 
so the dollhouse I spent so much time putting together that < PROPFEMALE > asked < PROPFEMALE > for is finally done and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > found it ! So now I have to come up with something else that < PROPFEMALE > can bring ........ and try explaining to < PROPFEMALE > why we got the dollhouse and not < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I wonder if there will be school tomorrow ?? 
making a red < PROPFEMALE > cake for Christmas at my Grandaddy's house ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me when she grows up she wants to be a Mommy just like me ..... :) 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status :) 
getting ready for Grandaddy's Christmas dinner ........ and some of us are more excited than others ..... :) 
Christmas is almost here ! :) No more school for the kiddos until next year ..... love it ! 
Bored ..... the kids are sleeping and it is so quiet ! 
relaxing at home with my 3 favorite people in the whole world ..... I am so lucky to have such a great family ! :) 
spent the day with my Mom and the kiddos ..... who knew Wal-Mart and McDonalds could be so much fun ! :) Now to I get to bake up some Holiday goodies ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Today was GREAT !!!! Family , Friends , and lots of Fun ..... Sad that the day is over ...... but Thankful that we were blessed to have such a wonderful Christmas .... :) 
wants to get out of the house and have some fun ..... the kids are content with their new toys and I didn't get a cool new toy so I'm bored ! 
getting ready for my baby's 7th Birthday ....... he's growing up way too fast ! 
just finished taking down all of my Christmas decorations ...... now time to organize , clean , and get ready for a Pokemon Birthday Party ! :) 
snuggling on the couch watching Scooby Doo with the kiddos ...... school starts back tomorrow and I'm not ready to let them go ! 
is enjoying a couple hours of ME time ..... :) 
making muffins for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to share with his class tomorrow ...... 
Grey's Anatomy ! :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could NOT live without then post this as your status . Then go tell him thanks ! 
I wish everyday could be a snow day ! :) 
played in the snow with the kiddos earlier and now planning our Summer vacation ! This year we are going to the beach ..... can't wait ! I love the snow , but the beach is nice too ! :) 
long morning .... Hannah woke up with a fever and vomiting .... we've been to the doctor and pharmacy ..... now home to take care of my little < PROPFEMALE > ..... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > starts ballet on Tuesday .... going shopping tomorrow for some cute ballet stuff and then we're going to < PROPMALE > E Cheese to meet < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for some fun ..... :) I love weekends ! 
looking forward to a lazy day home with my family tomorrow ..... :) 
wishes there was a Hobby Lobby in Shelbyville ...... or any craft store .... I need some supplies now ! :) 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s first Ballet lesson ..... she loved it ! Now I'm going to sign < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > up for Basketball ...... I love being a Mom ! :) 
hopes the snow holds off long enough for me to run to Hobby Lobby and get some stuff to keep me and the kids busy while we're snowed in ..... we're going to make < PROPFEMALE > a tutu , make some < PROPFIRST>'s Day suckers , and bake the weekend away ! Since I have this all planned the snow will totally miss us . :) 
I just finished < PROPFEMALE>'s tutu and I love it ! Now I want to make one in every color ... time to start baking ..... :) 
addicted to making tutus .... they are so cute ! I just wish that I knew before now that I could make them myself ..... it's so easy ! :) 
I took my tutus to < PROPFEMALE > Closet today and she is going to start selling them .... very excited ! I made several different kinds and each have very cute matching hair accessories ... if anyone is interested she is located on Main Street ..... :) 
watching Enchanted with < PROPFEMALE > wishing the weekend could last forever ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > is jumping on the bed in her underwear singing \this little light of mine\ " ..... she is so care free ! :) and so very cute ! " 
is so lucky to have such a wonderful husband ..... together we have made a family ... a family that I thank God every day for ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > got her hair cut for the first time today ..... it was only a few inches , but some how it made her look more grown up .... my little < PROPFEMALE > is growing up way too fast ! 
my baby boy is sick today .... he woke up with a sore throat and a tummy ache so we're heading to the doctor .... his first Basketball game is tonight and we were so excited , but it doesn't look like he's going to get to go ... :( 
busy , BUSY day ! So glad it's Friday .... :) 
Hanging out at home with my Family .... :) 
I have so many things going on in my kitchen right now .... dinner , making a tutu , making chocolate oatmeal cookies for Mom , making chocolate crinkles for < PROPFEMALE > , oh and trying to get the kids in and out of the bath .... crazy night ! :) 
:) looking forward to a weekend of relaxation ..... :) 
doing < PROPFIRST > crafts with the kiddos ..... :) 
I love < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Making sweets and cards , but this year the kids are both in school and their parties are at the same time .... so I had to choose and it was tough , but I can't be two places at one time .... :( 
Craziest thing happened tonight ... I went to let my dog out of the garage and she had puppies ! I didn't even know she was preggers .... she has like 8 puppies in there ... what am I going to do ??? CRAZY !!!! 
every night at my house has become a war with Hannah .... she never wants togo to bed .... then when I make her she lays in her bed and screams hysterically for what seems like eternity ! :( 
wishing this day was over ! :( 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > today .... spent the morning with her at preschool and then we went to Build-a-Bear .... it was her first time and she had a blast ! :) 
one of < PROPFEMALE>'s puppies died today .... now there are six ..... poor little puppy . :( 
Had a great < PROPFIRST>'s Day .... I got togo to both of the kiddos < PROPFIRST>'s parties ... and then my < PROPFEMALE > got me a dozen roses and a charm for my Pandora bracelet .... :) What a < PROPFEMALE > , Nice Day !!!!! 
I think that I'm going to plan a trip to the zoo this weekend ... loving the SUN ! :) Now I'm just crossing my fingers that it's pretty this weekend . 
is ready to start Spring cleaning .... now I just need to find the time to do it ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > scored for the first time tonight .... I was so proud of him ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > has strep throat .... so instead of going to the zoo tomorrow we will be spending the day resting .... 
watching < PROPFEMALE > dance around the living room in her butterfly costume .... she is so silly and I love it ! :) 
Now < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has a fever too .... this long weekend hasn't been what I expected it to be , but at least I got to spend it at home with my family even if they didn't feel so well .... 
sometimes I wonder if I'm too sensitive or others aren't sensitive enough ..... either way my heart is hurting . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is still running a fever ..... I wish the sun would come out and make us all feel better ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > fly her butterfly < PROPFEMALE > all around the room .... she is in her own little world when she's playing < PROPFEMALE > s .... I love her imagination ! :) 
another day at home taking care of my little sick babies , but they both are feeling good enough to fight with each other now so I guess that is a good sign . :) Now to just get my hubby feeling better ....... everyone please pray that all goes well for him today at the doctor ..... 
looking forward to the weekend with my family .... my sweetheart is off and the kids are feeling much better so we're going to do something fun together ! :) YAY !!!! 
is thinking about getting a par t-t ime job when < PROPFEMALE > starts school in the Fall .... I have only applied at < PROPFIRST>'s school , but if anyone has any suggestions please let me know ... I want to work while they're at school ... so 8-3 ? and I would love to be off when they are ... I know good luck finding a job like that ! :) 
BLAHHHHHHHHH ............... Not feeling good at all today ! :( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s puppies have their eyes open and are so cute ! I'm going to post some pictures soon so you can see her chunky oh so cute babies . :) 
I want a Yorkie puppy ...... they are SO cute ! :) 
is so ready for Spring ! :) 
has been having so much fun helping out at < PROPFEMALE>'s preschool .... I think I would love to be a teacher .... :) 
thinking about my wedding .... we will be married 9 years this year ... then friends would ask me where do you think you will be in 10 years ? Life is so uncertain you never know what it will become .... 10 years ago I never would have guessed that this is what life would be .... 
Rain , Rain go away ...... 
has the most supportive family ever ! :) 
The puppies are ready for their new homes !!!! Let me know if you are interested . :) 
heading to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s All-Star Celebration .... :) 
really wanted togo to the zoo today , but I think it's going to be too cold .... :( 
I only have 1 puppy scheduled to leave for his new home .... the rest are still available ..... anyone want a puppy ??? They are SUPER cute and really need a home ! Right now they are in my garage , but they need more attention ..... they love to run around the house and to play outside .... a puppy would make the perfect Easter present ! :) 
getting ready to take Butterball to his new home ...... 
had a great day playing outside with < PROPFEMALE > , Peyton , and my Honey ..... loving this weather .... the sun makes me happy ! :) 
wishes life was easier ...... 
FRUSTRATED !!!! 
I have a Wii Fit game and Balance Board I'd like to sell if anyone is interested let me know ...... 
I got to see my Daddy last night for the first time in a while and I was so happy to see him .... I just wish that he wasn't heading back to Florida today ...... 
had a good dinner with my Mom and the kiddos tonight ..... :) even though she lives right across the street we don't do that nearly enough ! 
we bought Peyton a bed this week and now all he wants to do is lay in his new bed ..... at first I was happy that he liked it , but now I just want him to get out of his bed and play with me ! LOL :) 
is loving substitute teaching at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s school ...... I wish I had the time to go back to school ..... I think I would love to be a teacher ! :) 
looking up college information online ..... anyone have any suggestions ?? I want my teaching degree and I want to do as much of it at home and online as I can . I hope this all workd out .... I'm starting to get very excited ! :) 
I know I keep saying this , but I have 3 puppies ...... they are so cute and I have to find a home for them now ..... I said that they were boys , but they're girls ! :) Please if anyone knows someone who would like a puppy please let me know ..... I really don't want to take them to an animal shelter , but I can't keep them .... 
just got done giving my babies their baths ...... Michael < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Peyton ! :) 
just got done watching The Switch .... very cute movie ! :) 
needs some ME time now !!!!!! 
praying that everything works out ....... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has strep throat and an ear infection ...... :( 
watching Grey's Anatomy ..... crying ..... why does TV feel so real ?? 
is so happy the kid's are off for Spring Break ..... now to get everyone feeling better so we can have a week full of family fun ! :) 
we took the kids to see Hop today .... very cute movie ! :) 
took < PROPFEMALE > back to the doctor today and she still has strep .... UGH ! I'm beginning to think that we are never going to all be well at the same time .... :( 
had a wonderful time today at the zoo .... great day other than the heating element going out on my dryer this morning ! 
