im sitting here in my house listening to a storm . 

and the raining stops ..... 
at work doing stuff 
working rite now 
brain hurts cuz i cant take homework this early 
football is the greatest sport ever invented .... 
just got back from < PROPFIRST>'s house had a great time 
going to school , then football after . 
bored , not looking forward to school in the morning 
football practice after school , gunna see if i can < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > after that . 
Going to school then hopfully over the weekend i can < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > 
Bored , Made like 500 dollars to day from an atuo graph and in about 10 years 2m 
bored , at home had a lazy day . Its < PROPFIRST>'s birthday so im sure she having a good time . I < PROPMALE > out with her yesteday so im having a good weekend so far . 
going to school , and hunting tomorrow . i hope i shoot a < PROPMALE > with ANTLERS this year . 
Sitting around at my grandparents house . 
Had a wonderful experience today , met a woman in my plane , struck up a conversation with her . It's amazing how people come together from opposite pasts and backgrounds . God really blessed me today . Thank you Mrs. < PROPFIRST > . 
I really ended 2010 on a good note ... My spirits lifted high . I didn't really think I was going to end this year very well and I was going to be miserable from the start of 2011 .... Its amazing what one random act of kindness can do . I needed that . I can't extend my thanks enough to you Ms. < PROPFIRST > . 
just got a new net book ! im happy 
going to morgans house in an hour . 
at kalahari ! going snowboarding later . 
i have a massive knot on head 
i learned that darkness is just the absince of light . i can tell you there is a light that is burning brighter than ever out there for me . 
if i could take it all back , i wouldn't change a thing . its made me all i am inside . 
every once in a while i like to tell myself a little white lie . the whole wide world is mine . 
In life theres no reset buttons , no restarts . So I'm never going to waste a second . 
finally learned my first song on bass , oh by the way < PROPFIRST > i owe you a pack of strings ..... one broke . =( 
Time is everlasting and forever . Time stops for no one , its has its own life . i wish i could render this life and use it in the greatest way possible 
side note to that dream . i looked at myself in a mirror in the dream , i had a huge scar cutting down the middle of my eye adn had one red eye . not two . 
its very nice to see winter go away and the birds fly back . i love this time a year . 
finally broke 5min . only by a sec , but hey its under 6 . 
\We go forward like a breath exhaled from the earth . \"- Cpt . Price CODMWF2 " 
\The only easy day was yesterday . \"- SEAL slogan " 
gah , so confused right now . nice day out too bad theres no surf . =/ 
True feelings can be confused with emotions . True control is when you can decifer between feelings and emotions . 
Darkness surrounds us everywhere so keep your light shinning even if it is dim . Darkness is just the absince of light , even the weakest lights can cast the darkness out of a room . 
i feel so acomplished today <3 
So many dreams and visions , running through my head . All of there are so simple and vivid . Every single one of them have some sort of meaning too . 
Football is starting up finally , im so excited ! 
There's a time when you realize what others say and think of you really doesn't matter . The only people that opinions matter is yours , god's , and the people closest to you . 
What can I do ? What can I say about it ? Is there anything I can do about it ? So many questions buzzing throught my head right now ... 
time is clicking bye ... Never waste a second . 
really are again , Like a caterpillar in a cocoon you come out a \ 
butterfly . But only this time you have a scar on your wings , a scar to \ 
remind yourself with , not to remind you in a bad way but to remind you \ 
that you are the only person with that unique scar . You will use these \ 
scars to better yourself for the world , for your life ... Never forget to\ 
never stop moving forward . 
Very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very confused currently . 
If your walking through a desert in you life and your looking for water , come follow me . I'll bring you and show you an oasis of life . I show you the beauty in things through him ... 
Come with \ 
me and ride the angels wings , I'll show you how to live again . I'll lift\ 
you up and teach you how to breath again . I'll show you the ropes and \ 
teach you to love again ... 
Running away from your problems maybe easy but your going to have to face them sooner or later . The sooner you face them the sooner your wounds will heal to scars . Taking the the long run is always better . 
< PROPMALE > after what you know god is showing you . You'll regret you didn't < PROPMALE > harder once you realize how big of a life changer that little thing god showed you was . 
Questioning myself inside . Am I the best I can be for God ? Am I the best i can be for this ? Am I the best suited to go out and do what God has shown me ? Questions buzzing and the answers can only be found by me . 
No more questioning in my head , I've found my answers . 
Finding yourself can be a difficult thing . The even more difficult thing is adjusting to yourself once you've found you . 
The darkness surrounds us ... Choking us into submission ... Making our screams unheard and unanswered ... Don't let it consume you ... You'll quickly find you hate yourself in it ... Shine your light as bright as you can because if you don't ... You story ends there . 
Words have nothing to describe how I feel about you . I'll take a bullet just for you and that's just because i know you . 
Tell me , if you were handed all the power in the world . What would you do with it ? How would deal the worlds problems ? Would you use it for Good ? Or for Evil ? For selflessness heroism ? Or Personal gain ? If you want to see the true intentions of someone give them power . 
I give you my heart . I give you my soul . Do you promise to keep it safe ? Safe guard it with all your might . Don't be shamed if not . I'll do it for you just the same . 
Questions . Questions without answers . Actually more like questions that don't need answers . All of it is just so obvious . 
As\ 
the older we get the better we are to decipher things . Now I'm older \ 
I'm sure i know whats going on in my head . I'm no longer The old < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Hampton You knew . I feel ... Changed . It's all just surreal right now . \ 
I've found the real me and now all I have to do is fit into my skin 
I know who I am . I know who I'm Going to be . I know whats in-store for my life and what gods greater plan is for me . I've found me and the man I'm going to be in 10 years . Now all i have to do is adjust . 
Why do I feel bound by chains when I know I am free ? Why does her face torment me at night when I know shes in the open ? I feel as if I cannot do it because of previous experience . 
My mind running everywhere thinking and worrying about everything . That sweet thought slows me down and lets me relax . 
I broke free of my chains last night . I jumped twords the future . Now I sit and wait for my answer . 
I threw my heart to a pack of wolves last night ... They feasted pretty good . 
Feel much better now . Actually happy . Its been settled and I know what I have to do . 
\We should not pray for easy lives but for hard wills . \"- John F . Kennedy " 
Sit back and wait for when the time is right . Don't get yourself into something you can't get out of . That your not ready for . Things can progress to fast and this means it ends too fast as well . Take a step at a time and it will come . Stay reserved and quiet and then when you know scream at the top of your lungs and be assertive . 
Do not believe the believable until you know the truth . 
It's crazy to think that in four short years I'll be off to college fulfilling my dream of joining Navy ROTC and becoming a United States Navy SEAL . 
I'll push you when you feel you can't be pushed any longer . I'll pull you when you actually can't be pushed . 
Learning a new song currently ... Love Buzz by Nirvana But unfortunally I have not a clue what the fret \7h8p7\ " is any bass players i know want to help me out ? " 
just watched a special on the Illuminati and Free Masons and I'm a little creeped out . 
ATTENTION PARENTS OF < PROPFEMALE > HAMPTON : I now know what i would like for my Birthday and Christmas together and if need be a present from everyone . I would like a Left-Handed Fender Mustang . 
56 to 19 lose ... Not very good game . Got to play Joshy though it was fun . 
My life as a Christan is a challenged one . Many obstacles and Traps that come to my way trying to trap me in sin . I'm sick of it . I'm putting my foot down . I'm anouncing to all the world . Come and Get me ! I'm ready for what ever you throw out at me ! I know with God on my side and My friends and family with me I can conquer the world ! Try me see what happens . ;) 
Sick of searching anything left-handed guitar wise ... I can't find anything or its $300 more dollars than i can buy ... 
Computer is down , getting a new one hopfully . 
I'm without Runescape for a MONTH !!!!! I Half my life was taking away from me for repair today . My Computer is being fixed ... Until then I going to slowly die a little every minute I'm away from it . 
I'll show you the world . Protect you with all my strength . You confuse me further . I know what needs to be done . Even i a world with-out hope . I can count on that sweet light . and I call it you . 
This life is a horrid one . < PROPFEMALE > on to what ever light you can find . For me I've found God to be my light . And I may have a new light forming in my world . Darkness is just the absince of light . Even the most dim of lights shine bright in the darkness . 
I myself as a man and a Christain have to set an example to others to look reference to . I'm sick of the sin . No more . I'm steping out and putting my foot down . I'm not going to let the things of this world get in my way . No more . With help I Know I can make it . 
I sit in wonder . When do we know when the time is right ? How can we possibly understand who are the right people to have in your life at the right time ... Thing is ... Your not ever going to know . Just trust God and he'll give you the awnsers and show you the way . Its up for you to decifer his voice and know when to speak yours . 
I'm your candle your my lighter . Your my notebook I'm your pen . I'm your heart your my soul . I'm your lungs your my air . With out each other we are nothing . Together we are completed . I go forward with your help every day I go out to let people know You are real . Dear God Give Me the Strength to Show Them the World . 
Contemplating buying an Xbox just for Halo . 
Ostendam tibi mundum . - I'll show you the world . 
I'll hold on to this light forever . In this darkness I shine like a candle with God . With your help I know I can make that candle a Spot light . 
I swear to you I'll be different . I'm not like the others . I'll treat you right and protect you . Shield you when your hurt and broken . Give the world and guide you so as long as you give me your hand and your heart ... for you have mine . 
Walk with me . Take my Hand . I'll guide you . I'll talk with you . Love with you . Give me the right parts . I'll change your life . My dear , I will Show You the World . 
So I'm pretty sure we had a very interesting practice ... Zach when from about passing to being about 100% insane ... When we finally all did settle down it was a very nice practice . I learned a Sexy bass groove and can't wait to play it tomorrow . 
The light is fading . I sit in question . I don't understand . The puzzle just stops . A bridge . A gap . I want to do something , but all i can do is sit and pray . 
THIS IS SPARTA !!!! 
Your given one < PROPMALE > to say who you are . One opportunity to let your voice be heard . So scream as loud as you can . Do not let your flames be snuffed out by the evil in this life . I promised you . I never go back on my word . Give me the < PROPMALE > . 
Hands shaking . Mind blank . Heart racing . My fate decided . Filled with solitude and isolation for my time with God . I'm not sure if this is real right now . I lost my focus , now I must recuperate . I'm out on a journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > and only I can do it alone . I swear I'll come back when I figure it out . For now . I'm going look ahead and take the step without ever looking back . 
I\ 
open my eyes . I see a dimly lit road . I am holding the hand of an \ 
angel . I look forward at the road and down it I see her . Staring strait into my eyes .... What does \ 
this all mean ? 
Numb . 
Trying to remain patient and calm is a very hard thing to accomplish when inside your heart is tormenting you , when your soul is screaming . 
Paralyzed in the moment . I'm frozen with one question . I'm at an Intersection and there's someone holding a Gun at every start . Death at the beginning .... Its up to me to find the one who has God at the end ... Possibly even her . 
Well .. I got an 8 point < PROPMALE > today , I shot it around 200 yards away walking away into brush . It was a sick shot . I didn't even think I hit it . 
Oh my dear , I'll keep you in my arms tonight . 
I Love the test . Everyday you push me to my limits . I shall overcome . 
Thanks all who said happy birthday =D 
Found my place in the Diary of < PROPFEMALE > Tonight . Its better it was finished like that . God has better plans for the future ... There is a lesson in this . I'm glad I had this happen . Learn from it and grow . 
Dear Agony . \ 
Just let go of me . \ 
Suffer slowly . \ 
Is this the way it's got to be ? \ 
Dear Agony . 
Silence in black and white\ 
falling forward as she walks toward the light\ 
I know\ 
I'm outside of your window\ 
with my radio\ 
I sleep with\ 
one eye open so\ 
I can\ 
see you breathing - < PROPFEMALE > FM Hawthorne Hights 
No , don't\ 
Leave me to die here , \ 
Help me survive here . \ 
Alone , don't remember , remember . \ 
\ 
Put me to sleep evil angel . \ 
Open your wings evil angel . \ 
Fly over me evil angel . \ 
Why can't I breathe evil angel ? - Evil Angel by Breaking < PROPMALE > 
Lay beside me , tell me what they've done\ 
Speak the words I want to hear , to make my demons run\ 
The door is locked now , but it's open if you're true\ 
If you can understand the me , than I can understand the you . \ 
Lay beside me , under wicked sky\ 
Through black of day , dark of night , we share this pair of lives\ 
The door cracks open , but there's no sun shining through 
So I'm pretty excited because not only I am now a member of A Bridge to Cross but we might do do something where I can hook up the band I'm forming currently to play with them ... this could very possibly be a awesome partnership . 
She's my Evil Angel ... She'll leave me to die here ... Help me survive here ... Put me to sleep ... Open her wings ... Fly over me ... Why can't I breathe Evil Angel ? 
She eyes me like a Pisces when I am weak\ 
I've been locked inside your Heart Shaped box for a weeks\ 
I've been drawn into your magnet tar pit trap\ 
I wish I could eat your cancer when you turn black ... 
Starwars marathon with the little sister =D ... She Loves Starwars . 
All this snow brings back the numb ... Makes me remember the pain ... She was the snow ... I'm a fire .... I melt it all away before I could embrace it ... 
So I guess after a 3 hour nap and a good burning throat ... all of my symptoms of sickness have dissipated ... O.O its amazing . 
We cheat Death from his rightful victory . No one can defeat us we are glad to plunge feet first into hell in the knowledge that we will rise-ODST Chant 
Leaving for the air port in a few hours .... Going to < PROPFEMALE > to see my Pops , < PROPFIRST > , and My new little sister . =D 
Snowing here in < PROPFEMALE > .... Seems like everywhere I go it snows .... I can't get it to go away ... Just like the memory that haunts me ... of you ... My snow ... 
You infect me like a parasite ... feeding off my pain ... I want to get you out of my head ... but something binds me from trying to let go . 
I wanna run and escape from your prison\ 
But when I leave I feel something is missin'\ 
I'm not afraid that's easy to tell\ 
This can't be heaven , it feels like I'm in hell\ 
You're like the drug that I can't stop taking\ 
I want more and I can't stop craving\ 
I still want you it's easy to see\ 
But guess what < PROPFEMALE > your not that good for me- bittersweet memories by bullet for my < PROPFIRST > ... 
JUST GOT MY NEW GUITAR !! SHE IS AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL !!! 
STEALERS GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL BABY !!! GOOD LUCK PACKERS !!! YOUR GOING TO NEED IT !!! 
I am not happy right now ... I plugged back in my iHome and apparently I used the wrong plug ... and i just blew the speakers out ... They are all buzzy and now Its annoying because I can't listen to my good music ... 
Life is unpredictable ... often it brings you to places you never thought you'd go ... meet people you thought you'd never meet ... Often we think it is one thing we are to do and it ends up the complete opposite ... Its full of ups and downs . twists and turns ... Storms and < PROPFEMALE > times . I've burned and crossed bridges ... I've loved and hated , I've laughed and I've cried ... and I'd never take a second of it back . 
-.- this is rediculous . 
So ... I've just been hacked on runescape ... I lost about 50 million dollars worth in cash and items .... thats awesome ... shows that you can't trust anyone these days ... 
Heaven , Where is my angel ? I need her now . 
I'll keep watching from the corner of my eye . 
If I had to\ 
I would put myself right beside you\ 
So let me ask\ 
Would you like that ? \ 
Would you like that ? 
How long ? how far ? when ? where ? her . Shes here . looking at me . right next to me . in the open field . but i can't dare look into her eyes ... for I fear I may fail . 
When I see your smile\ 
Tears roll down my face I can't replace\ 
And now that I'm strong I have figured out\ 
How this world turns cold and it breaks through my soul\ 
And I know I'll find deep inside me I can be the one - Your Guardian Angel 
i'm pretty proud of myself because i learned how to play the guitar part to your guardian angel in one night . 
Is saving the universe , one covenant alien at a time . I am master chief . 
Just found icing on the back of my ear ... =P thanks < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , and sowwie about the cupcake in the face ^.^ 
I'm a plasmid takin ' , big daddy killin ' , little sister savin ' , underwater city raider , and I am going to kill < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
So I just heard two great hardstyle techno songs ... One was a mix of nothing else matters by metallica and the other was reading off the < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe . 
