It is a proven fact . That after Monday and Teusday it reads WTF ! 

To Celebrate ? < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your Profile Picture to you and your < PROPFIRST > , and be sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy & Paste this to your profile ... 
In two more days my woman will be home starting our new life . I am so excited ! 
Well my woman has moved and is now at home waiting for me to come home from Iraq !! 
IS ANYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY PATRIOTIC ANYMORE !?! Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this !! 
Happy Fathers Day to all of us dads out there ! 
Made it to GA . Now getting ready for a long week of work . 
For those of you who do not know . My little brother died in a car wreck on Saturday . He turned 28 on Friday and died on Saturday . Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers . His service will be today at Usrey Funeral Home at 10 am . I will truely miss my brother . He was a great man / friend / brother . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
I would like to think everyone for their thoughts , prayers and support during the events of my brothers passing . Things are tough but it is great friends and family like yourself that has helped my family get through this . Again thanks to everyone . 
You and I wake up in jail together , using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Leave me a comment . Then put this as your status and see what funny results you\ 
get . If you comment , you must put as your status . Fair is fair 
' s advice : love the people who treat you right ... prey on the ones that don't ... wait , no it's PRAY for the ones that don't ... yeah , that's it ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Drawdy :\ 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran , or Support the Troops 
Well this year has sucked . 2 good friends from work pass away . My brother passed away not to long ago . And yesterday my sister passed away . This year has really blowed . Everyone please keep me and my family in your prayers over the next week for strength and soothing of our pain . Thank you all 
Oh see I knew there was more . A good friend from work lost his wife and I also lost a nephew this year . Man this year has really sucked !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
