finally moved all the way out ... woo hoo 

stupid allergies 
not feeling too well .... stupid walmart chicken strips 
cant wait til 3 
cant wait for my hubby to get home ... el paseos baby 
lovin life with my beautiful daughter and amazing hubby 
so def need to get a new movie for Tatumn ... watched the same < PROPFEMALE > like 5 times lol 
i love puttin my lil girl to sleep its so adorable 
cant believe im watchin the bachelorette 
everyone that sees you always wants to know you and everyone that knows you always has a smile your standing ovation after years of waiting for a < PROPMALE > to finally shine everyone calls you amazing i just call you mine 
my baby is teething and fussing and fussing and fussing .... poor baby and im going crazy lol 
Tatumn was in a better mood after her nap ... think the meds worked 
had a good day hangin out with my hubby tay and < PROPFIRST > ... not such a good night stupid allergies ... yummy brownies tho < PROPFIRST > good job 
woke up early now im sleepy lol 
oh thats good 
about to go to bed ... so sleepy 
thinkin way too much ... 
cant wait to go back to school woo hooo 
about to go shower and then watchin tv with the hubby and relaxing 
I really wanna find a job 
going to bed so sleepy ... chasing tay around all day is exhausting lol 
had a great day with the fam made tacos and nanna puddin .... now stupid allergies are killin me 
really wants to hear back from the job interview 
so pumped I finally got an ipod lol 
cant wait to spend the day with my loves ... maybe we'll go to my aunts house so tay can play with the girls ... I made a yummy dinner woo hoo go me ... my mother in law and < PROPFEMALE > LOVED it lol 
For Once I'd rather be the Car Crash not always just the Traffice Jam 
Really wants to hear back from the job i want 
first day of work in over 18 months ... kinda bittersweet ... i kinda missed my baby girl she had fun with her dada tho 
I miss putting my lil girl to sleep :( 
woo so glad to be home and in bed lol 
dont wanna go to work tonight ... cant wait til sunday woo hoo finally 21 
Going out for my bday with the fam and < PROPFIRST > and tay 
Going out for my Birthday with < PROPFIRST > , Tatumn and my Family 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes everyone ... I had a great day 
had a long day at work ... So glad to be home and in bed with the Hubby 
Really dont wanna go to work today .... i work til 10:30 then have to be at work at 7 booo 
doesnt wanna get up at 6 in the morning goofy work ... i love my hubby and tay way 
wow im sleepy 
loves it when my Tatumn just come up to me and give me a hug and kiss for no reason :) 
I have an amazing lil girl and an awesome husband ..... i love them so much .... going to bed night sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite 
I have the next 3 days off woo hoo 
House looking today hopefully we find something good 
I'm really missin my < PROPFEMALE > tonight started playin farkle and wow good memories Love you < PROPFEMALE > 
does anyone know anywhere around the area hiring or renting ?? 
Kinda pumped about new < PROPFEMALE > coming out in a few months just saw the new preview woo hoo ... yes im a nerd lol ..... and so dont wanna go to work today 
About to go to bed ... def taking some tylenol tonight back and rain dont mix ... Night everyone 
wow back to square one this sucks 
Is enrolling back in college woo hoo .... going shopping this weekend so pumped 
life is complicated 
doesnt know what to do anymore 
cant wait til thanksgiving dinner yum yum my mommy in law is makin ham lol I am so thankful for my lil girl and my husband and what family and friends i do have that support me 
going shopping at 5am tomorrow woo hoo 
well Tay has pink eye and two ear infections my poor baby 
is offically a college student woo hoo 
I dont know what to do anymore 
so ready for the new year and im off tomorrow woo hoo 
Happy new years every one and Happy Birthday lil sister < PROPFEMALE > Butler 
my wonderful mommy is painting my tootsies 
mean ol boyfriend taking me to < PROPMALE > stover 
looks like i might be going to TCC goofy weatherford ............ and im frusterated beyond belief at some people 
just had my day made by a person at < PROPFIRST > in the box lol it was hularious 
so dont wanna go to work 
10 days and my lil girl will be 2 i feel so old where has the time gone 
had fun today hangin out with my family today cant wait til tomorrow 
wow this game is pretty much done seriously cowboys not even one touchdown 
looking for another job booo i hate looking for jobs 
All the strenght you need is inside you 
how bad are the roads ??? 
had a great night now its time for bed night fb 
about to make some yummy breakfast 
going to go shopping with my mom , sis and my baby girl 
misses someone 
long day tomorrow and i swear my baby girl can spell its insane lol 
is so ready for the weekend 
watchin a movie with my madre ready for tomorrow 
why do people change their minds so much omg 
has had a long crazy stressful day 
has dark red hair will post pics soon 
Cause when push comes to shove , You taste what you're made of , You might bend , till you break , Cause its all you can take 
going to everest tuesday and enrolling woo hoo cant wait to get this show on the road and get done with school 
is tired of trying and getting no where 
you know you're in Springtown when you go to Brookshires and a monkey and a banana are chasing each other in the store then proceed to go to every other store in town wow 
had a good night played spades with some friends and now im going to bed got lots to do tomorrow 
why do people always assume the worst 
cant wait til tomorrow night 
6 days :( 
My tay loves playin outside ... shes a lil monkey climbing all over her slide 
9.5 inches :( 
Yard Sale at my Casa tomorrow and Sunday ... 1085 Eagles Way .... Springtown .... come look got lots of stuff 
not looking forward to Monday :( 
not looking forward to 1 :oo :( 
glad to have such amazing people in my life 
Tatumn kinda slept in today .... 9 o clock is way better than 7 
when does the terrible 2s end ??? 
going shoppin with my madre and sister today ... wish it would stop raining already 
Pecan pie and ham for dinner i have the best momma ever 
ok the wave just kicked my booty .... 
ready for this stage to be over im exhausted ... 
sittin on the porch with my babygirl watchin the rain and playin with the puppies 
allergies why must you be such a pain in the butt 
has the most beautiful lil girl 
justt bought a slip and slide me and Tay are gonna have fun 
Tatumn's new phrase , hold on a second , definately not my favorite ... miss priss 
not feeling so great 
nothing like a warm bubble bath and < PROPMALE > sparks to finish out my day 
had an amazing day with some amazing people 
any suggestions on what book to read next ?? 
gotta go to kohl's tomorrow to spend my kohls cash .... they better have my dang dress ... 
My baby has kept her pull up dry all day .... Go tay !!!! 
really hopes it rains tomorrow 
is happy :) 
Tay hasnt pooped in her diaper in over a week yay ... Potty trained here we come 
Pina colada tick tacks or tack tacks as tay call um are yuck 
sittin on the porch with the most beautiful lil girl in the world ... i love her so much 
ready for tomorrow night 
Its crazy the things you do once you're a mom 
has had a great day 
job hunting tomorrow :( 
makin hamburgers and homemade french fries for dinnner yummy 
cleaning .... so much fun :( 
does anybody know any good FREE sites to download music 
Watching dear < PROPFIRST > ... Definately learned dont read the book before the movie lol 
had a great day went to the mall and to iron man 2 with nanell , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
had a very productive day today 
doesn't feel good and is stressed out :( 
is so happy ... just need to find a job and life would be perfect 
has an interview tuesday woo hoo 
my dang allergies are killin me 
playin donkey kong with the lil sis 
has an interview tomorrow ..... i hope i get this job i need one so bad 
got a new phone same number text me ur number they wont transfer over :( 
is ready to find out about this job .... hurry up monday 
going shoppinng with my mom and sister ... i cant wait til tomorrow and then burgers lake monday woo hoo 
fuzzys taco shop is amazing 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there ... thanks dad for being there for me i love ya 
missin my Tatumn ... 
first offical day of work tomorrow .... wasnt supposed to start til monday tho 
Tatumn is singing yet it be , yet it be ... too cute aunt nanell taught her that 
sittin on the porch eatin popcycles with my lil love bug ... hopefully swimmin wore her out and well get a good nap 
lovin ' life 
making beef tips and rice for dinner .. yum yum and tay is \washing dishes\ " . Shes such a mess " 
going to see a-team tonight 
i got to put Tatumn in daycare where's a good place ? 
Working today ... ready to get my schedule so I know when I'm working 
some pages turned , some bridges burned , but there were lessons learned 
playin donkey kong with < PROPFEMALE > 
why do kids sleep so crazy ?? Tay is in a ball at with her head at the end of her bed 
i gotta work tomorrow night boo 
had a wonderful day yesterday ... Tay was so tired she slept til 1030 
wish these dang allergies would stop kickin my booty 
not\ 
usually my thing but I guess I'll play along too ... You know the deal , \ 
like my status and I'll say what I like , dislike , my first impression , \ 
and confession about you . \ 
PS . Make sure you know me first , otherwise this will fail\ 
PSS . Play along , it'll be fun :) 
potty training goes in effect today 
got Tatumn an awesome swingset thanks to mr. < PROPFIRST > 
\I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill And knocks you in the head like I'd like to\ " .... song is stuck in my head " 
really need a full time job 
speding the day with my 2 favorite people :) 
hates waiting 
i miss my love :( 
really wants to do something 
soooo early .. but i found out chick fil a has amazing breakfast 
ready for everything to happen already 
having one of those days 
sittin outside with monster eatin popcicles 
missin my lil monster 
very productive day so far ... cleaned up my room finally and now about to get ready for work ... i miss my lil girl :( 
going to go pick up my Tay 
is majorly stressed . its hard being a mom sometimes ... when every decision you make effects her too .. on the otherhand i feel like the luckiest girl i have an amazing man in my life and my beautiful lil monster 
I can be having the worst day of my life . Then my baby give me a great big hug and kiss and tells me i love you momma and suddenly everything is ok 
my daughter cracks me up ... woke up and gets dressed , gathers her babies , and goes lets go see pestin .. going to play with < PROPFEMALE > and prestin lol 
I got 2 shirts for 6 dollars at Kohl's . Love good sales 
accident free all day .... woo hoo my big girl 
has a sick baby :( 
Tatumn is nappin again poor baby 
cant wait until tomorrow night 
Thank y'all for the birthday wishes ... i had a great day i have such wonderful family and friends .... not to mention an amazing lil girl and boyfriend :) 
thinkin lake tonight with the family ... wish my love wasnt working so he could go too 
my lil girl is no longer in diapers .... she is fully potty trained .. shes so stinkin ' smart 
need some new music to download .... any suggestions 
watchin my love play on her swingset ... im so ready for fall 
my stinkin allergies are killing me 
why do people hurt their children much less kill them .... i swear their punishment should be exactly what they did to the child ... gosh that kills me how someone could hurt their child . 
sitting here watching the rain with batman and monster 
Tatumn's first night sleeping in panties ..... fingers crossed I don't get a puddle in the morning 
NO ACCIDENT yay 
wathching Pregnant at 70 .... holy crap this lady had her first baby at 70 ... thats insane 
relaxing with my love bug , cleaning house later , and then I get to go get my hair done and get to see my < PROPFEMALE > 
I think my baby is growing again ... shes is constantly eating lol 
going to the < PROPMALE > Petty and ZZ Top concert with my love ;) 
got a stinkin ' flat today first one ever .... and i had Tay of course . Some nice UPS men changed it for me ... thank goodness there's still some nice people in this world . On the bright side I had a blast last night at the concert . 
Tatumn was eating a tootsie roll pop and got the the middle and goes \ momma there's a bone in my sucka\ " lol " 
Tatumn had her first accident this morning . shes been doing so good im so proud of her first night time accident in over a month 
people make mistakes , it's how you deal with them and what you learn from them that matter most 
not feeling too good ... dunno if it was the pizza or ranch prob both :( 
sitting here watching Ghost Hunters International with mom ..... so random question do you believe in ghosts ? 
i love bein a mommy ... not feelin to great dang allergies and my Tay is reading me a book .. my sweet baby 
does anyone know where any pumpkin patches are ? I want to go get Tays pics done 
Tatumn is wide awake and Caillou sure makes mommy sleepy 
it feels amazin outside cant wait to go to the zoo tuesday .. Tatumn is gonna love the \aminals \"" 
in the middle of nowhere and my wonderful bf refuses to turn around , \ he knows where hes going\ " well were r on our way to the pumpkin patch " 
so we finally made it and the kids had a blast even saw miss < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and jaime ... pretty amazing day 
i got a job yay 
going to the zoo with the family and my loves 
i have the most amazing daughter i was upset earlier and she kept huggin me and kissin me then she sang me rain rain go away mommy and tay want to play .... i love her so much 
I have carried a human life inside my body . I've comforted a baby on my chest . I've been puked , peed , and pooped on . Woke up with a hungry baby and stayed up all night with a sick baby . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect but when I look in the mirror , i see a mom and there is no greater honor , or blessing . (: ( Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom ) 
its been one of those days 
has a bladder innfection and an ulcer :( i have an amazing family and bf 
i hate it when the people i love are sick :( 
learned something today bladder infections HURT 
going trick or treating with my love and my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > mouse 
i totally just swallowed my gum what the heck . I had a very productive day today . 
is going to do absolutely nothing today ... feels great once in a while 
should be starting school Monday super excited yay 
is officially stating school Monday :) ..... a better life here we come ... I love my lil girl so much hopefully one day she'll be proud of her ol momma lol 
First day of school today . Spending the rest of the day with my loves 
So I was thinking I have the most amazing boyfriend EVER !!!!! Just saying ... 
so first week of school is over 31 weeks left woo hoo ... 
i get to spend Turkey day with my family and my loves what could be better ... glad things are finally going right I'm so thankful for my family and wonderful friends that I do have ... I dunno what I'd do without you guys especially through this past year . I LOVE YAL !!!! Happy Thanksgiving 
Is exhausted forgot how tiring the holidays can be . School tomorrow .... Oh and if anyone knows anywhere hiring please please please let me know 
really enjoying school .... Cant believe Christmas is so close though its insane 
Why do people think they are better than other people ? It drives me crazy everyone comes into the world the same and every dies sometime so why 
In my daughter's eyes \ 
I am a hero I am strong and wise \ 
And I know no fear \ 
But the truth is plain to see \ 
She was sent to rescue me \ 
I see who I want to be \ 
In my daughter's eyes 
Another day has almost come and gone\ 
Can't imagine what else could wrong\ 
Sometimes I'd like to hide away somewhere and lock the door\ 
A single battle lost but not the war (' cause)\ 
\ 
Tomorrow's another day\ 
And I'm thirsty anyway\ 
So bring on the rain\ 
This came on when I got in the car which was just what I needed to hear 
Join the fight against child abuse !!! Change your FB profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday the 6th of December !! 
redbull 
< PROPMALE > cold front coming in tomorrow equals < PROPMALE > back pain ... back is killin me it sucks .... but on the otherhand I'm excited I got most of my Christmas shopping done got most of Tays just gotta get some lil stuff and I'm done and pray I get this job I'm interviewing for Monday 
everyrthing is finally going my way woo hoo .. 
loves the holiday season especially with my tatumn .... < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas everyone 
3 days off school woo hoo then off for a whole month def gonna miss it i love school only 7 more months left after tuesday 
Cut 5 inches off my hair 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You\ 
Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common since\ 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy\ 
And love like crazy 
< PROPFEMALE > micheals just kicked my butt 
so many people are losing loved ones this year please pray for the Galttana , < PROPMALE > , and Meeks families 
happy birthday jesus and < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ... tay let momma sleep in this morning yay ... one month from today and shell be 3 thats insane 
flippin through the tv to find something for Tatumn to watch and we found the magic school bus ... haven't seen this in forever haha 
going shopping with mom and munchkin today and runnin some errands since im off yay 
not feeling too good :( 
watching the little rascals with momma , < PROPFEMALE > M Butler . gosh i remember watching this when I was a kid ... so ready to not be sick anymore i hate pink eye 
making muffins with my Tatumn and then going to miss London's 2nd birthday .... My baby will be 3 in 17 days wow how time flies 
need a new doctor any suggestions 
at school sounds crazy but I actually missed going ..... only 7 more months and ill be done . 
Havin a wonderful date night with my love 
not feelin so hot 
missin my Tatumn cant believe my baby is gonna be 3 in 3 days gosh where did the time go 
is frustrated 
my sweet baby is 3 today happy birthday Tay 
I have an amazing daughter its hard to believe its been 3 years since she was born ... I am so blessed 
having Tatumn's birthday today ... shes excited , mommy is tired and at school ... so glad I have such an amazing boyfriend to help me < PROPFIRST > Browning ... and my family too , < PROPFEMALE > M Butler i love them 
so theres this amazing guy and I can't stop thinking about him .... i think i got it bad :) 
made an amazing dinner with my love and my sister , chicken fried steak , homemade gravy , carrots and loaded mashed potatoes yummy 
watchin < PROPFEMALE > with tay ... wishing she would take a nap cuz momma wants one lol ... feels weird not working for 4 days 
i still find it crazy how kids sleep ... tays head is at the bottom in the morning 
any ideas on what to get the bf for his birthday hes not giving me any ideas 
so I told Tay we had to get up at 8 and put her hand on her hip and goes seriously 
had an amazing day with my wonderful boyfriend 
sitting here watching < PROPMALE > with Tatumn ... this show drives me crazy especially after watching it 10 times but I love the end Tay sings I love you , you love me .... give me a big hug and a kiss :) 
eating crackers and sprite for dinner oh the joys of the stomach bug 
ready to see my Tatumn and < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... 
my baby must be growing ... she ate 3 pieces of pizza for dinner 
why are there so many rude people now days .... i swear parents have stopped teaching their kids manners is saying excuse me or please that hard 
so apparently after 2 years my daughters ears are still pierced 
spending the day with my beautiful daughter ... I am so blessed she is such an amazing little girl 
is aggrivated 
let me rephrase that .... I'm tired of people who don't take care of their kids ... if you can't take care of them don't make them seriously 
so ready to see my loves , especially my Tay Tay 2 days is way too long away from her .... crazy how much you miss then when theyre gone and then you get those moments where you wanna pull your hair out lol .... i love being a momma 
got a lot of stuff to do today and i dont wanna get out of bed .... I'm so glad my Tay is home I missed her like crazy 
Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > Wyman as well as Japan , Hawaii and the west coast 
not ready for the weekend to be over 
Pizza for dinner apparently tay thinks its spicy she goes momma my tongues hot feel it lol She's so cute 
I'm so tired of dead beat Losers who have nothing to do with their kids and dont take responsiblity for anything 
i hate POSION < PROPFEMALE > 
get out of school early today and I get to spend the rest of the night with my love < PROPFIRST > Browning and my beautiful little girl I love them too < PROPFEMALE > much 
is it just me or does it feel like springtown is forever away coming back from fort worth at night 
Words with friends christen223 add me 
Pandora where have you been all my life I love my phone thank you babe 
How do you do ringtones on this goofy thing 
