Ahem .... You don't want to know .... hehe . 

< PROPFEMALE > ALERT : STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE - COPY AND REPOST ! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse . Plate # 98B351 . Repost NOW ! You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew . Seriously !!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger 
Horses ... What else ? I went to my horsejudging contest today ... Halter and reining ... That was so .... There's yet to be a word to describe my humiliation . I messed on those two classes SOOOO badly .. >.< 
What's on , your mind ? 
is singing to her iPod even though she has no training in the musical department and probably sounds absolutely horrid . But who cares ?! they always say to sing as if no one is listening , and , as of yet , no one is listening . 
Just talked to my mom about raising a lamb next year for FFA . She said yes ! xD 
If a storm was a feeling , it would be the ominous dread before the biting rain it releases upon our skin like a vast array of stinging hornets . The feeling of forbiddance that penetrates our body to shake our soul and leave our knees trembling in fear of being washed away with the runoff . Of being turned to a flood that soaks the parched ground . The feeling of a storm is fear . 
When something is ' new and improved!' . Which is it ? If it's new , then there has never been anything before it . If it's an improvement , then there must have been something before it , and couldn't be new . 
I think I'm going to be killed by plants , someday soon , in fact . And it's all from the dstudy of plants in Biology . -- Dang the track meets , making me miss all the review days . I can't help but feel like my grade on the quiz tomorrow is going down the drain . 
Don't knock on Death door ... Ring the doorbell and run . He hates that . 
Don't knock on Death's door ... Ring the doorbell and run . He hates that . 
Please don't tell me I'm the only one that has the same nightmare every week resulting in my death from third person view , then having someone tell me not to die and all that remorse-y like stuff , then wake up and can't remember a word they said ? I absolutely hate it when this happens , and then until I have the nightmare again I can only wonder what they said ... 
Had a differant nightmare last night . The type where you're in between reality and dreams , y'know , where you know everything that's going on around you , and you can open your eyes and see where you are physically , and then have a nightmare right there and then ? I had ' em all night . Woke up alot . When I started to drift off again , I'd have another . Not fun . Just out of curiousity , has anyone else had dreams like this ? 
came home from church and found all the rabbit cages knocked over and thinks Ace may have broken one of his hind legs ! Does anyone who's raised/has rabbits know how to tell if a leg is broken ?! 
We're going to take Ace to the vet tomorrow , since none of the clinics are open on Sunday . I'm probably not going to be allowed to go , but at least I'll know if he has to be put down , since my mom promised to let me be there if worst comes to worst . He's alert , to say the least , but I'm afraid both hind legs are broken since he's dragging both of them . 
UPDATE : Ace still can't move his hind legs , but he's still sitting up and responsive . His overall attitude is still friendly , but I don't think he's had the energy to eat all that much . As for the other two , who were also in the mishap , they are both fine and quite alert moving as natural ... Ace's cage fell the farthest and probably the hardest , resulting in this nightmare . I wonder if anyone is even reading this ... 
We had to put Ace down . He broke his back , and couldn't feel his hind legs . He was ready to go . Ace : December 2009-April 2010 
It doesn't matter what you've heard ; impossible is not a word . It's just a reason for someone not to try . 
Oh , wow . I haven't been on in forever ... Oo Blame .... Homework ... And rabbits .... And don't forget the ... rabid ... dinosaurs .... 
finds it amusing that she has a Sherlock Holmes in her head even if he's not her character , and is amazed she is worthy of being annoyed by such a brilliant man of fantasy , and the greatest dectective of all time . No , she won't let you poke him . He doesn't like it . 
has realized that she never got to thank her role model senior for being nice to her even if she only talked to him a total of three times and he never knew her name . And now she is sad . 
never realized one could sleep so much . I was either very tired , or , very lazy . I'm certain it's the former because I haven't been sleeping well for a good long time . Maybe I'll be able to concentrate on my exam studying a little better . Meh . I hate those exams . I think I'll be smothered by Spanish and Biology by the time summer starts . You'll have to un-smother me . That's just wonderful . 
just made a grand discovery - cats are the most advanced beings on the planet ; they have a deduced a manner of making people their slaves . They can make us feed us with a meow , use us as pillows , and their depravity knows no bounds . 
is now declaring that , after much thought , Animal Farm is a strange movie that puts a bad spotlight on pigs . The pigs at the barn certainly would never try to take over all the other animals , and sheep definately aren't brainwashed like that , and their voices are not half as high pitched and annoying . And , Boxer the horse did not die ; I rescued him . Take that , < PROPMALE > . 
is singing to ' Wicked ' ( remember , she has no talent , nor training ... Pray for her parents ' hearing ) and working on Biology . Whoop-de-doo-da . How . Exciting . -- 
OO I may actually be liking Biology a bit ! As was scrounging for some papers , lo and behold , I stumbled onto my book ! Not some book that I was reading .... MY book . That's right folks , now that I've found it again , I'll be writing over the summer . I missed my characters . <3 
has found herself to be a very intriging person . 
has returned from the coast without being eaten by a gigantor shark . Whether you want to cheer for that news , or snap your fingers and yell ' dangit!' is up to you . 
wonders what life is like when you aren't a wallflower . 
is a weirdo . She suddenly decided to watch ' Anatasia ' , that old animated film from when she was kid . Those movies still rock . 
hates cleaning . 
is wondering if she should be worried about horse camp or not ... 
has decided that she was even addicted to Sherlock Holmes as a child thanks to The Great Mouse Dectective . If you remember this movie from childhood , say ' Aye ' , if not .... Find out which rock you resided under and show it to me so that I can stick annoying people beneath it . 
thinks she may be being stalked . Oo That's a first . No questions please . 
has decided that hurricanes make the weather truly < PROPFEMALE > . 
is not surprised that it's still raining down here in Rockport . It's flooding everywhere , and the rain persists . Also , there ' been two tornado warnings , but , she doesn't think the tornandoes actually touched down . And , to her disappointment , no lightening had been flshing through the sky . 
says nevermind . she made the weather change . It's raining and storming very nicely now . Lightening is racing across the clouds like a crazed horse over pavement . Thunder is bellowing with pride like a tiger proclaiming a kill . Ah , rain . It makes me author-ish . 
is glad she's an only child . Children are absolutely nuts . Oh , and she's missing her cat as well . 
says that kids are little monsters out to rid the world of food . They can eat a pantry a day . It's terrifying ! 
is excited ! Fishing tomorrow , finally , now that < PROPFIRST > is gone . Maybe her dad can take her somewhere that has fish , and not soomewhere that had fish . Wish her luck ! She'll need it . 
is happy . :) 
has decided that she should ... do ... something . Maybe watch a murder mystery show or read a detective book . She'll tell us when she decides which is more intriging . 
has decided that mornings do , nor shall they ever , agree with her ... Even though it is technically afternoon at the moment . 
has a Public Annoucement : DEATH . the #1 killer in < PROPFEMALE > . Tell your friends . 
is going to hide in a box until the whole birthday thing calms down . OO; 
is wondering why her cat keeps giving her that odd look . For now , she'll just have to return it and hope that she walks away for this situation alive . < PROPFEMALE > is also wondering why she always talks about herself in third person on these things . 
\Horse lovers are stable people . \"" 
states that ; fish hook injuries are annoying . 
Yes ... Well ... It's 12:43 in the morning and for some reason , I'm still awake . It's annoying , because I should really be asleep right now , and the cat , nor Sherlock Holmes is helping . 
Well now , don't you think you're special ? 
I've always wondered why it says ' what's on your mind . ' After all , since a mind isn't physical , how can something be on it ? 
Well . Yesterday , got a 15 1/2 inch spotted trout , and a 27 inch redfish . I'd say it was a pretty successful day . Today , nothing to keep , but that's not counting all the small reds and the hardheads I managed to snag . I will admit that one of the small reds died on the hook . He swallowed it pretty darn well . Made a delicious meal for a giant black seabird though ! 
Spontaneous Bla = \Somerandomenglishword Fish\ " in Thai . " 
I just looked over my schedule again , and I have THIRD PERIOD AS MY LUNCH . What is this nonsense ? I cannot eat lunch at ten-thirty in the morning ! I might as well pack myself some toast and cereal . 
I solemly swear that I am up to no good . 
Deciding on whether or not I have enough energy to get up and go to meet the knights , or stay at home and read . Reading is , as of current , winning . 
I'm on a < PROPMALE > Potter rampage . Run away , good citizens , run away from being compared to Gilderoy Lockhart , < PROPMALE > Longbottem , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
You know , the endless hours of being bored and waiting for the dread of school to start almost makes me WANT to go back to school ... Tell me , is that bad ? 
Two more days till school starts . Wow . 
I just remembered that yesterday someone told me that I was the only teenager he knew that actually used punctuation and good grammer and spelling when texting . 
Sometimes I wonder why people are so mean to each other .... We're all humans , we share , like 99% of our DNA . C'mon , human race , be nice to your almost clones . They might save your life one day . 
I just learned that Tres , a horse at my riding stable , and a very dear teacher of mine , was put down sometime this month . She coliced . My dearest prayers to her owners , and her stablemates , < PROPMALE > , Mucho , CB , and OJ . She lived a good life , and will have an even better one with God . 
I'm sick of summer and this waitin ' around , \ 
Man , it's August and I'm skippin ' this town , \ 
Hey it's no mystery , \ 
There's nothing here for me now , \ 
GOTTA GET BACK TO < PROPMALE > STEELE ! \ 
Gotta get back to school ! 
I think my Chemistry teacher is a pyromaniac . He disturbs me a little . < PROPMALE > Wilshire shall be my fire shield . And , I have to make a study group with < PROPFEMALE > Gabroriault-Whitcombe for Spanish , because I think I forgot everything ! On a brighter note , I absolutely love my English teacher , as he has more of a character than some I've known . And , he seems to have humor . I think I shall like second period . 
I think I shall be liking my sixth period , despite the fact that I resent every peron in there . I like the teacher . It reminds me of last year , Coach Smith's class , World Geography . \ 
\ 
Ah , such sweet memories . :) 
\Now stand aside 
\C'mon then ! \ " \ 
\Look 
In sixth period we are currentlyworking in groups are a small drawing project . I am saddened by the fact that I am the only sophmore in my group who actually seems to understand the material . I have also earned the nickname \braingirl\ " from Mr. Gearhart . I'm still trying to see whether or not this will become a positive or negative thing in the future . " 
Drawing is fun . Drawing World History project when I'm tired and have no muse to draw ? No . That's a sad face . 
Just a warning to everyone who may not know .... Reality is a terrible , terrible thing . 
Has anyone started reading for Seiler's class ? Hopefully < PROPMALE > Cristo will be a better read than the books we've had to read in the past for our English teachers . I may love books , but < PROPMALE > Sawyer and Ender's Game don't exactly appeal to me . Sorry , my old English teachers . Only one teacher has ever suggested good books to me . 
Well ... For the second time this week and the third time this year I've found an abnormally large bug in my presence ... What . The . Heck . 
Has anyone ever wondered if maybe we're learning stuff we shouldn't ? Like , stuff that won't concern our degree ? I suddenly remember how in the Sherlock Holmes books , Watson was very surprised that Holmes didn't know the Earth rotated around the sun . Holmes simply told him that how the planets moved didn't involve his work - therefore , he didn't care how they moved . Fascinating , eh ? 
We may not have won , but we put up a heck of a fight . Good job , boys , you did this school proud ! 
Started COMC , and it's not half bad so far . I enjoy that the words ' brain fever ' have already been used . I think that this is a serious medical condition , and apparently , Mr. < PROPMALE > Dantes agrees ! 
Yes , yes , ' The Count of < PROPMALE > Cristo ' is a very interesting read , I'm sure , but the fact that I MUST read it just sucked the interesting part down the drain . \/" 
My mood was happily made brighter , thanks to my cat . Always knows how to make me feel better , no matter what . :) 
Mr. Thomas : -walks up with lighter to R.J. and I and attempts to light it over our bubbling test tube- It's giving off [ insert name ] which is a flammable gas . Me : O.o OMG why are you trying to light it ?! 
Guy who sits in front of me in algebra : \Yeah 
All in all , today was eventful . My thanks goes out to Riss and Simeon for making it memorable . 
My characters are pestering me while I'm attempting homework . > < Someone make them shut up please . 
Humans : The weirdest of all Earth species . 
My day was once again made . Thanks Coach . 
First it was Friday , then it was today , and now we don't know . Why , Mr. < PROPMALE > , why ?! 
Snape : \walk this way ! \ " -prances off foolishly- " 
I'm proud to say that according to Coach Strickland(sp ? ) I officially have Apparation Powers , even if I'm an underage witch . Go me ! 
Life is turning my life on it's head . Please send chocolate , and please send Remus Lupin to deliver it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Germain , you were not at lunch today . This saddened me greatly . 
My DVD player is messed up ... Now I can't watch Iron Man and do my homework . Stupid DVD player ! If I fail Chemistry , I blame you . You knew Mr. Stark was going to help me today . 
If there really a zombie apocalypse on the way , I am assured in the fact that I know how to scare zombies . 
\Ornicopytheobiblopsychocrystarroscioaerogenethliometeoroaustrohieroanthropoi- cichthyopyrosiderochpnomyoalectryoophiobotanopegohydrorhabdocrithoaleuroalphi-tohalomolybdoclerobeloaxinocoscinodactyliogeolithopessopscphocatoptrotephraoeir-ochiroomychodactyloarithstichooxogeloscogastrogyrocerobletonooenoscapulinaniac : deluded human who practices divination or forecasting \"- Couldn't they have just said Professor Trelwany ? " 
This is madness ! 
\ Mrs. Gosset ? \ " \ " Yes Claire ? \ " \ " It's raining . \ " \"...\" \ 
Dumbledore : And the coach of the Slytherin Qudditch team , Prof . Severus Snape . \ 
Snape : Yay ... -claps- 
Don't ya hate it when you're doing homework and as soon as you're done , you'll be going somewhere and your mom says , \Are you done yet ? I don't wanna rush you 
Everything is falling , and I don't know where to land ... 
Dude .... Pirate facebook ? I think so . 
I MISSED CASTLE'S OPENING PREMIERE !!!! \ 
Day ruined ? I think so . 
My cat has left me for my brother's abandoned room . I feel betrayed . 
So .... Two people thought that I was in a car accident yesterday . \ 
I can't even drive . -shrugs- Nice to know people care about my well-being though . 
News on the hip ? Well , it's not actually a muscle torn off my growth plate . It's basically a < PROPFEMALE > splint in my hip , which is really painful , yes , but the new doctor has prescribed an anti-imflammitory pill and a month of physical therapy . Hopefully , in three months , I'll be fine . In fact I should have healed three months withen injuring it , had I been given the correct diagnosis , and treatment . \ 
Long post is long . 
LAMB HAS ARRIVED . \ 
No questions shall be answered though .... 
Hopefully I'll have stop coughing by Monday . :) 
Irratated out of my skin by adults right now . It's best to keep away . 
Somehow , I became invisable in some of my classes and vanished . I was counted absent . I was not aware of this power . I'll need to watch it closely in the future . 
I've figured out that when not pleased with me , my lamb will rub herself against me after I've finished bathing her . This results in jeans that are soaked one one side of one leg . I still don't know whether I should be bothered or amused by her talent . 
I've just remembered ; today I was informed that yet another person has believedMelissa Hopkins and I look similar . We should take over the world if this happens again . You all know that we totally would . 
What's this ? Another shoutout to < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins ? Yes , yes it is . < PROPFEMALE > , next time you need a friend besides Lark to keep you company , I am so there . With popcorn , or some other type of unhealthy human food we may eat together , if I have any . If I don't ... There's always lamb chow . 
What's on , your mind ? Oh , nevermind , I'd rather not watch that channel . 
Am I a vampire ? No , no , I am an angry kitten . Don't worry , it's a common mix-up . 
I shan't even deign to respond to that , Mr. Random Football player . My back shall mock you now . 
Dear Tomorrow , please learn from today's mistakes . Thanks . Yours truly , The Past 
Ette + Thanatos = Newfound BFF's 
is currently drowning in intense , bubbling chemistry studying . Science has now tried to murder me with two differant types of science ... Plants for Biology , Electrons for Chemistry ... I think the electrons are better assassins though . 
I have yet another song stuck in my head . Wonderful . -- 
Who am I to say anything ? 
To all of you who believe sheep raising is easy ... \ 
Next time , you get to wash her . 
I believe my mother has waged a war against my iPod for my attention . The sad thing is , I believe my iPod shall win . It always wins . 
I'm depressed . My muse for my book is officially gone , and I seem to have lost all drive to write anything or draw anything . I want to curl up in my sock drawer now . 
Out of curiousity ; If someone lied to you , but apoligized for you later and gave a reason that dealt with the concern of the health of another , would you accept their apology ? 
Maybe if we beg , we won't have to go to school tomorrow . 
So ... This old music player just played a few notes in my closet . I haven't touched that thing for years .... Should I run ? 
Who do you believe you are , and are you really who that person is ? 
We all know the classic story ; good vs . evil . The bad guy is a scrawny twit who was bullied in high school , and the hero is a buff jock who was the prodigy child of their football team . Kinda makes you want to step up for the bullied kids more , eh ? After all , you never know ... They may turn out to be an evil genius . 
You wanna know something ? So do I . Something has yet to introduce themselves . 
Keep up , world . I'm cutting my path , and I'm not going to wait for you . 
My lamb has ringworm . I am now on a no-talking basis with the rack and my halter . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57-ish students and citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army !!!! 
I'm a fighter . I'm a rebel . I'm a peacemaker . I'm passive . I'm opinionated . I'm soft-spoken . I'm bold . I'm meek . I'm my own contradiction . 
Hey ! Hey You ! Yeah , You ! Can You please turn down the thunder ? I need to sleep . Thank You . :) 
Wait ! Who , when , what now ? Oh . Sorry . I have to go to the barn . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Riggs I AM SUPER PROUD OF YOU !!!! \ 
Simeon < PROPFEMALE > FIVE FREAKIN ' DAYS !!!!! \ 
That is all . ( Now , I really DO have to go to the barn . ) 
No , I am not a duck . Why in the blazes would you think that ? Weirdo . 
Fudge for the show is now made . Onto barn cleanup and then the nerve-wracking morning . 
< PROPFEMALE > fornia has converted me into LOVING English riding . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and of course , ' Mater . 
Third , First , and Reserve Champion . A productive day indeed . 
Hope everyone had a totally awesome Christmas !!! And I really hope y'all survived that freeze last night . 
I feel like < PROPFEMALE > Trek today . 
It's official . < PROPFEMALE > Trek > < PROPFEMALE > Wars . Sorry Mr. Seiler , but it's illogical to think that even Obi-Wan can beat the awesomeness that is Spock , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . 
Well , I'm sad to hear that Jaws has left , but at least < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are still around for me to ride . 
So . We have school tomorrow , and on Friday I'm going to my last lamb show with Loralei . After that , who knows how long it will be until she leaves ? It'll be far too soon ... 
You know it's bad when your character shows up on TV . Everyone , grab a broom . If he gets close to you poke him . In the eye . 
Shearing sheep makes you smell -really- bad ... And there's always the possibility of blood . And lambs pushing their inner digestive organs out their butts ... Or something like that . 
You wanna know what really ruins your day ? Not being told things until it's too late . \/" 
And remember kids ; Spay and Neuter your Tribbles . 
If seeing is believing , then how do you believe if you can't see ? 
Have you ever wondered if we make the moments in our lives , or if the moments of our lives make us ? If you could change one thing about your life , would you ? Has there ever been one moment - just one - that you've always wanted back ? And if you changed that moment ... Would you change yourself ? 
You know it's bad when the characters don't come out to pester you . Everyone , I suggest you all grab mops , brooms , and beef jerky . I sense trouble brewing . 
Thanks to Simeon < PROPFEMALE > , I have an undesired urge to write . It's rather annoying , to be honest , as I only have the muse to write about one thing . I don't want to write about it . Dobby's Sock . > X [ 
Thanks for telling me you liked my writings , Hoppy . You truly made my day better . <3 ' s to you , < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins . 
Chances are , if you say no one remembers you , you're wrong . They could be thinking about you . about the one time you made them smile or laugh , and you never knew it . 
For anyone who's wondering , yes , it's quite certain that I'll be writing random notes quite often now . 
Showers seem to provoke the stangest thoughts . For example , can anyone tell me how my train of thought was stationed at < PROPFEMALE > Trek , before it zoomed off to Post-It notes , then came to a screeching halt about how Pop-Tarts should not be fed to my cat ? Even I'm confused . 
I prepared today's two notes at school . >:3 Hate them ? Quite yes . Excited to post them ? Like a lamb loves to eat . 
Okay . Sad note posted . Onto the happy note . 
And done . Time to move on . 
My house is cold . Like , really cold . I'm considering wearing jeans to bed . ( And before anyone asks , no , the fan is not on , and no , I'll not be going to turn up the heat . There's a reason it's called lazy , and I strive to demonstrate it . ) 
I feel like lightening . 
Let's just say it sucks to be on the outside looking in . And my dinner just lost it's flavor . Wonderful . Thanks for the headache , < PROPFEMALE > . It's been nice to do business with you . 
Honestly , I find myself confused over the SuperBowl . Maybe I should start following soccer . Also , True Grit is amazing and would like to thank < PROPFIRST > Evans for taking me to see it . 
< PROPMALE > Capote . I swear . If you don't stop talking in that voice , I'm going to break up with you . Permanantly . I won't look at your book twice , nor shall I ever read you again . 
There's always a moment where you stand back and look at what you have . You're happy . Then you remember that when you get to Heaven , it's only going to get better . 
Competition could have been a bit better today . I hate it when Tech people are the officials . 
I'm sorry , but I really can't take myself seriously . The sad fact about this is that I just now figured that out , and I've been living with myself for fifteen years . You think you know someone , and then they turn out to be some random nutcase off the street . 
Last Saturday with Loralei ... 
Sorry , Captain < PROPMALE > . I got tired of looking at your face . 
My Muse is rubbing up against the carpet . A lot . It looks like it's trying to swim . I'm not sure whether or not I should laugh , or if I should be disturbed .... In other news , the giant blob of spontaneous randomly occuring writing stuff thingy grew . Anyone want some ? ( It's going to just be soaked up by the above mentioned carpet anyway . ) 
I really should reread Good Omens ... I feel Crowley deprived ... 
Oh , < PROPMALE > characters . How I missed them . Mostly < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , with < PROPFIRST > on the side . Obviously because they are all made of awesome and such . < PROPFIRST>'s shenanigans will never cease to humor me . 
So . I've officially faceslapped myself , because as it turns off , I was off by a week about Loralei's return . It's next Friday , I think , not this one . Also , does anyone know < PROPFEMALE > who raised lambs ? She owned the Southdown named Chevy ? Please let her know that Chevy is still at the barn , because she doesn't seem like she's been fed , I've filled her water bucket twice , and her pen is filthy . 
We of Mrs. Caradec's eighth period should rebel against this sub . He is not exactly making this Geometry student very happy at the moment , since he's expecting us to work on things we know nothing of . Really . Is it that hard to teach us new things ? I just now realized I don't know his name either . 
Allow me to say that my teachers have officially showed me just how awesome they actually are . Mr. Seiler , I will never doubt you again , and rest assured that your words of wisdom over the topic of velociraptors and zombies have been taken to heart . 
I'm currently on a Wicked high . The vote's still out on whether or not this if going to be good , or terribly , terribly bad . 
You know , Sliced Bread , there have been a great many things to happen after you . It must feel pretty awesome . Unfortunately , before you were invented , someone discovered Fire . So , therefore , Fire is epic and all great things happened after the discovery of Fire . Including you . 
Hey , Simeon < PROPFEMALE > . Is your Dark < PROPFIRST > burning too ? I thought he was dead this time ! 
I'm off to Defy Gravity . 
Dear < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Vasquez . I feel the need to inform you that , like I warned you , the ego grew . Then it exploded and is now soaking into the carpet in a lovely squishy heap . Please , as this was your doing , clean it up . Immediately . I need to walk on that carpet in the morning . 
So , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Jaeger Tiller told me to finish this quote ; \If the doors of ... \ " \ 
So , all the weirdos I < PROPFEMALE > out with should remember that Chupacabra that was on my roof a few months ago . We laughed in relief when it left ! \ 
It's back . Oo 
I'm a question to the Earth , not an answer to the world . 
I just made < PROPFEMALE > Gaboriault-Whitcomb's computer suffer . No worries though . It was happy about it . 
The point is ... Dolphins . 
I send the pests of the the infesting plague into your house , into your bed , into your streams , into your streets , into your drink , into your bread , upon your cattle , upon your sheep , into your house , into your streams , into your streets , until you break , until you heed ! 
Today could go either way . We'll just have to wait and see . 
< PROPFEMALE > Gaboriault-Whitcomb ! You will not keep my moose army from me forever ! 
You know you're shirt's bright when just wearing it gives you a headache . 
I found my bangs after fifteen years ! ( finally , progress ! ) think I should try wearing them tomorrow ? After all , I don't want to give young people heart attacks with the amount of fail my hair would display , but now you can choose your own fate . 
I've officially had my mind blown by tonigh's Mentalist . We're one step closer to catching Red < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > . One step closer . 
While this is the last night I'll ever see her , it's say to say it was an amazing year with her . <3 you , Loralei . 
It's like the full reality that she's actually gone and I'll never see her again just hit me . Is this what shock feels like ? 
Today , Mrs. Stanforth told our class we would all be cabbages on Monday . I informed her that I was not comfortable with being a vegetable , and requested being a fruit instead . Preferably an apple . She agreed . 
Rest in peace , Kalifornia . <3 
I don't care what anyone at HCRA says . Marcas is my new BFF . Even if he is a brat . Brats can be cool too . Our friendship may start out bumpy , but no worries , that's the way Tallace and I's relationship started , and we were pretty dang close . 
I just realized how very difficult it is to ride older horses . Tallace , Tres , < PROPMALE > , and now < PROPFEMALE > . Rest in peace beauties . \ 
To < PROPFEMALE > , and all the other horses ; no one else is allowed to die ! That's four horses , and three have gone in the last seven months ! 
Allow me to say that I'm really truly , honestly going to despise going to eighth tomorrow . At least it's another week closer to Mrs. Caradec's return . 
You know he's your best friend when you go from talking about the National Anthem , to Wizard of Oz , to < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Remember , kids . Always offer popcorn to your friendly neighborhood Batman . 
Bring it on TAKS ! I beat cha last time , and I can do it again ! Or , I'll fail miserably , but hey . What's the point of the light side if you never look at it ? 
Forget < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Happy birthday , Roonil Wazlib . 
So , < PROPFEMALE > Gaboriault-Whitcomb and I had a pretty intense conversation today . I finally revealed to her that Professor Trelawney has predicted that in ten years my starship will be eaten by a giant Grim . I'm not too concerned by this development in my future . 
It's official . Beware of HCRA's new gang ; Me , Sin Marcas , and Texas Checkmate . We are scary . Unless you have carrots . Carrots are very good . And apples . If you're offering me something else , I do accept deer jerky as acceptable offerings . Lots of it . \ 
AND MARCAS IS SEVEN EVERYONE . HE'S , LIKE , MATURE . FEAR HIS MATUREDNESS ... NESS . yeah ...... 
While other teenagers spent their Saturday at the movies , I was with my dog and rabbit . I think it's safe to say I enjoyed my day more . Because my rabbit is just plain awesome and is't obvious Blue beats all . 
The roof-dwelling chupacabra came back . Someone grabs the water guns , nerf swords , and lightsabers . This is gonna be a long day . 
A word to the wise - never attempt to use an unhappy cat as a pillow . 
< PROPMALE > . Tomorrow . Leaving at 4:15 in the morning . -.- Deaunna Yagami-Zamarripa , see what I mean ? 4:15 ! Such a dreadful should not even EXIST . 
Dear < PROPMALE > , Please consider moving youself closer to Cibolo . Reall close . Withen Walking distance close . Thanks . 
Do we make the moments in our lives , or do the moments in our lives make us ? 
I'm sick of this Geometry sub . Literally , I think I'm getting ill just thinking about that stupid class . 
It's the worst feeling in the world to freeze up during a presentation . You just go blank . It happened to me twice this week . Three times , considering how I did it twice in one day , but it for kinda the same thing ... So it doesn't really count . 
NO ONE will get this right ! My first name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , name of my first pet______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ , my favorite food________ , and my mom's name__________ . Put this as your status and see who knows you best . Do it ! Lets see if YOU know me 
Every time I think I've got it down , it's gone . C'mon , brain , get with it . We can't fail this one , you should know that by now . 
It's fun being an English freak . :) 
When life throws you lemons , make apple juice and convince small children you are magical . Then show them your forged Hogwarts letter to show them you actually are magical . The yell \APPARATE !!! \ " loudly and run away . Much robe billowing is recommended . " 
We who have cats have stalkers . We who have stalker cats never have to worry about our stalker lurking behind the shower curtain at night unless our stalker is truly one of a kind . 
My writing muse has finally withered . Or melted . Take your pick . I'll nurse it back to health in a few weeks . 
All of us Very Potter Musical fans know Goyle rules . 
< PROPMALE > from NCIS + Oreos + Dead Body + Crime to be solved = Thursday Night's epic and awesome show 
Anyone who has a problem will be sent a photo of < PROPFEMALE > Umbridge . Smiling . Don't have problems . 
Horseback riding was ... Eventful today . Much happiness and laughter flitted through the barn today . :) 
BEWARE . Horse high+Disney high = Insanity on the tenfold 
I'm beside myself for Horse Camp tomorrow . Volenteering is a blast . 
Yesterday was awesome . Horses and friends . Today ? Also awesome . More horses , and more friends . May we all just agree this week is awesome ? Because according to Crewman , it is . So there . 
I should not want to ride again . I rode horses for two days , so why do I want to go out and ride some more ?!?! It's bad that I already miss Checkers , Marcas , and Crewman . 
Awesome day at the zoo with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Jaeger Tiller and his cousins . Pictures to come . Maybe . Probably . If I get around to it . Which I may not , considering how I never get around to anything unless the cat makes me . 
Today was good . I got to have Mr. Seiler teach , and talk to Simeon < PROPFEMALE > . Life ? Oh , yeah it's good . For now . 
I'm officially a nerd . I love History and English , < PROPFEMALE > Trek is amazing , < PROPFEMALE > Wars makes me happy , and I understand the original Tron . I'd rather play videogames than go on a date , and I love to not wear makeup and pull on an old t-shirt and jeans . I laugh till I cry at old Godzilla movies . Geek ? Yeah , I'm pretty awesome . 
Only three more days till riding . Three . I think I can do this . Maybe . 
Coach Gearhart asked me to beat someone up today . 
Today , I informed everyone that you should not take off your feet and called a stopsign a stoplight . And , I realized that I hold my dog's leash like horse reins , and act like I'm riding when I walk . Seriously . I'm afraid to look down at my dog for fear of the dreaded cone of shame ... 
New Favorite Show Jumper - A Pikachu de Muze . Awesome horse . :) 
So , as it turned out , Storms coliced this morning . He's fine now , pretty much was over it by the time the vet came out , but I'm more than a < PROPMALE > worried . Shall be evaluating his feed intake , and his alfalfa amount . This won't be occuring again anytime soon . 
Horseback riding tomorrow ! Ridiculously excited . Ridiculously , I say . 
The history test was easy . Almost too easy . But , due to the fact I didn't remember everything , and there was some stuff we didn't go over , it's safe to say this test will not be a 94 ... If it is ? You all get to glower at me and my awesomeness . 
Holy English class , Batman ! 
Had an awesome day riding . Can't wait for my first show on Sunday . :) 
While this update is SO LATE , it's here to inform you that I did pretty well for my first show . Sixth and Fifth out of a class of twenty-seven ? Yeah , I think I can deal with that . :) 
Just to inform everyone ; the charter buses by the portables today are NOT huggable , nor is the fog . But don't worry , as long as < PROPMALE > bears and other stuffed animals remain huggable , the world probably won't end . 
You know who I really , truly love ? < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Besides the fact that they'd probably never talk to me if I went to Hogwarts , I have to admit they are a pair of comical geniuses who should have remained a pair for all eternity . 
History is amazing , and I'm such a nerd about it , it's pathetic in a bad , bad way . 
Sometimes you look back and wonder how many people you've influenced , how many people will remember you , and who really wish they'd gotten to know you . You wonder if the people you want to be friends with even know you exist , and then your best friend yells at you to sing Disney songs and you don't really care about all that deep stuff . 
\Whoaaa 
While I may love ya , sometimes you make as much sense to me as a white crayon . 
So ... I was nominated to the National Society of High School Scholars . I don't remember anyone nominating me , and I never sent in an application ... I'm confused . 
Riding tomorrow . TOMORROW . Yay . Times tenfold and a half dozen . 
So , we've been having all those UIL Band competitions at school this week . Sometimes I wonder if any of the people my dad went to school with are there . Then I wonder if I'm allowed to be evil and tell them stories , but I decided not to . I had to go to History so that I could be awesome and stuff . 
Riding was officially awesome today , because , well , horses are just made of awesome . And Duffy is now apart of my gelding group . :) 
Just to let everyone know ... When you ride a horse properly over jumps , you get so much adreneline in your system that it lasts forever . I'm still hyped from Duffy's epic perfomance over the two foot wall jump he decided to make a five foot . I'm not to complaining , though . 
When it comes to having a parent being mad at you , sometimes ya just wanna know what you did wrong this time . But , then things only get worse . Guess I'll just wait it out for the upteenth time . 
Everyone should try wearing a sock on and a sock off for a whole day . It's really fun . 
Please excuse me while I struggle to hold in my utter excitement . -.- 
I blame Mattew Bomer for making my day better . 
Fingers falling off ? Check . Brain on fire ? Check . Cursing Stanforth ? Check . Happy with Paper ? Nope . Rewritten six times ? Check . 
Intro is complete and almost done with the first body paragraph . Two pages is almost finished as well . Is that the light I see ? 
Had to resort to internet sources , which I hate . Good thing that out of my six sources , I only heavily referance , like , two . Maybe three , but one that doesn't count , so ... Shut up . 
Three and a half pages ! I should not be so ridiculously happy ! 
DONE . 5 AND A HALF PAGES . 1508 WORDS . I FEEL ACCOMPLISHED . SHUT UP , I DO . 
