Here's hoping that once I get past January , that 2011 will be a good year ... 

The Bakers are coming ! The Bakers are coming ! It looks like my whole clan will be here for Grandmommy's funeral . 
I got 4 hours & 15 minutes of sleep last night & then I was just awake . It's going to be a long day ... 
So , anyone who didn't know < PROPFIRST > & I were starting the adoption process , we are !! On Friday , I am taking our adoption questionaire to Loving Alt . to find out if we will get an adoption application from them ! Lots of prayers will be appreciated . :) 
Turned in the questionnaire a few hours ago . Hopefully we will receive an adoption application in a few weeks ... 
Last day of Vacation Bible School is today !! 
i have pink hair ... 
So Vacation Bible School at The Vineyard was a HUGE success this last week !! It was our first year to do VBS , & I think everyone is on board to go for round 2 next year ... Go look at the pictures , they are really cute ! :) 
I think I have recovered from VBS . Now we shall see if my hair will recover . Blond + pink + chopped off hair = a very startled < PROPFEMALE > every time I look in the mirror ! :) 
So now there is some sort of caption on all 127 of my VBS pictures . I have no life ... 
Starting a new Bible study group for the younger youth at the church . Got approval from our youth minister and then from our pastor , and am now trying to figure out whether we should meet on Sunday mornings or evenings ... 
I'm crampy ( and that sucks ) and my ring toe hurts ( bacause I am mega clumsy and I'm pretty sure I broke it ; it's all swollen and black and blue and purple ) , and so I am feeling a little grumpy tonight . Lucky Paulie is at work ... 
Going to Dinner 8 tonight with < PROPFIRST > and some other random people at some person's house . I know where we're going but I don't know who all we will be dining with until we get there . Pretty apprehensive about this ; don't like a whole lot of people and others tend to find me talky or snarky ... 
Dinner 8 was loads of fun ! Paulie & I got to enjoy the company of three other couples that we don't know super well , & it was strangely entertaining & not akward at all . 
Been researching adoption \stuff\ " today ... There are so many great options out there ! Makes it hard to rule any of them out ... " 
The < PROPMALE > ... 
is saddened by how I can't seem to read anything without reading about the mosque in NYC . 
Your new name shall be : confidence , joyfulness , overcoming one , faithfulness , friend of God , one who seeks My face . 
Very excited today ! Going to a friend's house to pour over adoption info with her , & then on Saturday , having dinner with a friend who has some very special adoption experience . LOVE the advice of someone who has walked where < PROPFIRST > & I are walking ! 
Hoping for a good day today ... 
Going to a friend's house for dinner tonight . She and her husband went the < PROPMALE > to adopt route for having kids , so looking forward to hearing their personal experiences . It's always helpful to talk to a real person over reading some pro-adoption rhederick on websites ( I'm pro adoption , mind you , but websites tend to leave reality at the door , and I LOVE reality , not BS ) . 
LOVE the new youth Sunday school class ! It's amazing how you can have a preconception of how an age group will be and then they blow you out of the water ... 10 middle & high school guys & gals who know WHAT they believe & WHY they believe it . Amazing ! 
Happy , happy , happy day for me ! Got some news today that what I thought might potentially be putting adoption plans on hold is totally NOT going to throw a wrench in our plans !! LOVE when God has bigger things in store for me than I have for myself ( even when I totally don't deserve it ) 
Ok guys & gals who belong to the club formerly known as 876 ( yes , I realize I just dated myself & totally showed my age ) , I need to know what the heck we wanna be called !! Judah & < PROPFEMALE>'s mom is going to put us on the slides for Sunday mornings , but I still don't know what to tell her our name is ... 
It's 11 pm . Probably should go to bed soon , but I reckon I won't . 
doesn't like when my throat hurts and my nose is stopped up and runny at the same time ( and how stupid is that anyway ? ) and my head weighs 400 lbs and all that makes me grumpy . Oh well , at least I get to subject my misery on my Bible study group tonight ! 
So I finally rid my hair of its remaining pinkness today , and now it is crayola red ... Not on purpose , but I dig it . My niece , < PROPFIRST > , said it looks like I have < PROPFIRST > hair ... 
Needing some more second service Kids Church teachers at the Vineyard . Desperately !! Anyone interested ? 
I am married to a weirdo ... 
I have 43 identifiable mosquito bites on my legs . I'm a little pissed off at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for selfishly inflicting those stupid itch-causing bugs upon me ... Morons . 
Needing someone who wants to teach second service kids church on Sunday at the Vineyard . Any takers ? 
Now I have a teacher for second service kids church ( YAY < PROPFEMALE >!) , but I still need someone else who would like to help her . Shoot me a message if you are interested . 
is pretty sure < PROPFEMALE > broke her toe . She keeps hobbling around with her foot completely off the ground . I can't stand it when my babies hurt ... :( 
So I was loading laundry into the washing machine singing a homemade song about how much I love pizza and how happy I am to be having it for dinner tonight when I realized that I am a total loon ... The worst part about this is that I would have < PROPFIRST > this song even if I wasn't the only person in the house ! 
Mastiffs suck ! Goliath realized he needed to fart , got up from his cozy spot across the room , crawled up on the couch with me , put his butt IN MY FACE , farted , and then went BACK to his cozy spot across the room to go back to sleep . Butthead ! 
A friend posted something that got me thinking about high school , so here goes ... Once upon a time , there was a purple cow with little bitty chicken wings who quacked like a duck . The end . Talk to me if you remember the flying purple cow . :) 
< PROPFIRST > & I were playing slap-a-face with < PROPFEMALE > & Goliath earlier , and in his enthusiasm of the game , my idiot dog jumped up & bit me in the boob . Gee , can you guess which dog it was ?! 
< PROPMALE > Germany , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > DuPree , & Eisley = Great concert & fun night ! 
It's 11:25 pm & my dogs are outside having puppy crazies ! I LOVE fall & what it does to my honies ... 
Ugh . It's one of those days where I remind myself that we live in a fallen world where good things happen to bad people and bad things happen to good people . A day where I have to remind myself that only good and perfect things come from God and that He does not rejoice in my pain ... I hate days like today . 
Well , after 2 days of being furiously angry , I am feeling a little more like me again . I still feel it bubbling in there though , ready to set me off at any second ... 
loves Celebrate Recovery ... 
< PROPFIRST > & I are going to an adoption information meeting tomorrow night !! 
Good adoption info meeting last night . Got a lot of helpful info from it & < PROPFIRST > & I both got to ask some questions . Next step is contacting the social worker to set up our classes ! 
is debating the pros of a personal boycott of Barnes & < PROPMALE > for a while . Already know the con is that B&N is the only genuine new book store in < PROPFIRST > . 
I love having dogs ! It's so nice when your loyal , loving companions are also willing to rip off the head of an intruder ( and considering that one of my dogs is big enough to do so and the other one is snarky enough to decide that it was a good idea to do so , that is a genuine possibility ! ) This is why I don't worry about being safe in my home ... 
As of tonight , I have officially finished a step study and worked the 12 steps and 8 principles ! Yay for me ! 
Hates evenings like this . I've been battleing having a panic attack for the last two hours ... 
There was a spider running across the arm of my couch just now . Now we have to torch the couch and move . Sorry husband , that's just how it is . 
Sometimes the heart stubbornly wants what the heart wants . I wish I could will my heart into something else , but I don't seem to get anywhere . I suppose I will just have to be patient until circumstances bring my heart into alliance with my head ... 
is having a difficult time not being angry & resentful when I hear people lamenting over their frustrations of having two or more kids when I can't have one . And I'm not even talking about horrible people who shouldn't have kids , I just mean normal , good mommies with normal understandable difficulties . Jealousy makes one very ugly sometimes ... 
I LOVE thunderstorms ! Goliath is indifferent to them . But then there's < PROPFEMALE > ... Over the last 15 minutes , she has followed me to the bathroom ( her least favorite place ) , the kitchen ( her second least favorite place ) , & is now up my butt in the living room because I can apparently protect her from the scary storm outside . You know , the one that can't get her anyway because it's OUTSIDE !!! 
Just took a spiritual gift analysis for CR & discovered my gifts lie in showing mercy , administration , & shepherding 
Just took a spiritual gift analysis for CR & discovered my gifts lie in showing mercy , administration , & shepherding . All three of these areas warn against being prideful , so to make sure I don't fall into that trap , I must say , I ROCK ! I'm better than you are , and I have more gifts than you , and my gifts are more important than yours ! :) 
So I get to take Goliath in to the vet tomorrow morning so they can sedate him and yank his toenail out by the root ! YAY ! I am so lucky to have a monkey boy who hurts himself frequently so we get to spend lots of money at the vet ... :( 
My sweet little monkey boy made it through toenail surgery without a problem ; YAY !! And how retarded is it that my crazy dog had to have surgery for a broken freaking toenail ? 
Well , it is 12:30 in the morning , & I am listening to the most distressed whimper & whine combo Goliath has ever done . It is worse than when I had him neutered , when he broke his toe , when we thought he tore a ligament , and when the vet lanced an abcess on his business without anesthesia . I am having a difficult time not crying with him . It hurts me that he hurts this much ... 
It is 62 degrees in my house right now . I have all the windows open and am just enjoying the fact that it is fall in East Texas ! I love this weather !! 
I love that my nephew cries when I leave him . Not because I'm a loon & I enjoy seeing him cry , simply because it is nice to know that in his own sweet little 14 month old way , he loves me almost as much as I love him & his sweet big sister ( who definitely does NOT cry when I leave ! ) . I know , I'm a dork ... 
Just got back from the vet & Goliath doesn't have to wear the bandage anymore . YAY !!! His foot is truly goofy looking though with one toe missing the toenail & the quick & just having a scabby stump in it's place .. 
Today I am feeling blessed with some great people . Got a phone call from a deacon at church today checking on me because I missed church ; I have the most wonderful , supportive husband & same goes for my best friend ( who are both willing to put themselves out for me ) , & my amazing Bible study group & sweet friends at Celebrate Recovery complete my blessings . Thank you God for giving me what I don't deserve !! 
I just killed a wolf spider that was WAY to freaking big , and the stupid thing had a whole frigging egg sack attached to her butt . And in true spider fashion , the damn thing tried to eat me before I killed it , so I danced & screamed all around the yard while Goliath kept getting in the way because he's a moron who doesn't understand the inherent danger of spiders ... I want to move to a spider free zone . 
Thank you veterans for ensuring that despite its many problems , < PROPFEMALE > is still the best country in the world ! Thank you not just to the veterans , but to active military men & women for sacrificing so much to defend this wonderful land ! And a HUGE thank you to the husbands , wives , children , mothers , fathers , brothers , & sisters who support our military !! Y'all sacrifice so much ... 
Ok everybody , I have posted a new note updating y'all on where Paulie & I are on the adoption stuff . It's called \Adoption stuff . \ " Go read it . Now . Are you reading it yet ? If not you should be ! " 
Who all thinks < PROPFIRST > should buy me a crap throwing monkey for Christmas ? I changed the topic of his facebook post ( because it was boring ) by telling him I wanted a crap throwing monkey for Christmas , and he said NO ! The nerve !! Everyone band together to guilt < PROPFIRST > into buying me a crap throwing monkey ! 
Feeling the tickle in my throat telling me I am getting ready to be allergy-sick ... I love East Texas , but I definitely do NOT love allergies ! I will be beginning my drug regimine today . 
is battling with some of those emotions I would rather not have to admit to right now ... It bothers me that it bothers me to see women ( noticibly ) younger than myself who are on baby number two or three ( or more ) ... 
hates how when you're congested , it makes your teeth hurt ! 
I'm beginning to think maybe I shouldn't take Claritan-D anymore or any of it's generic counterparts . I am sooooo jittery and I feel a little high also . And considering I don't GET high , I am only guessing on that part , but what I find truly confusing is that I have taken these drugs many times and haven't had this problem . MAYBE I am dying ... 
Out of town company should be here in a few minutes , so of course I am doing all of that last minute prep for having company walk through the door , & my poor dogs are so confused by my flitty behavior . 
Just killed a brown recluse spider that was hiding by < PROPFEMALE>'s food bowl , patiently waiting for my sweet little boobalie to come and eat so it could kill her and feed her to all of it's evil offspring ! Good thing I was there to kill the spider and save her from her otherwise inevitable fate . I hate spiders ... 
I am reading the facebook posts here and am realizing I go to church with the sweetesf families in the world ! I see ( frequently ; not just because it is coming up on the holiday season ) all these loving little posts from one family member to another telling how much they love and appreciate one another . It's so cute ! Maybe I will try harder to be a true Vineyardite and do that for my family . Then again , maybe not . 
Happy turkey day everyone ! Eat too much and sleep it off ... 
Hoo-dang ! I woke up early this morning to discover frost in my backyard . I LOOOOOVE chilly weather !!! 
I have decided my Christmas tree is living its last year this year . Actually , I already put it back in the box & began assembling the back up tree ( and WHY we have a back up tree I do not know ) , & have decided the back up tree will also be joining the other tree in Christmas tree heaven after Christmas is over . Plus side-my next tree is going to be pre-lit ! 
I love peanut butter . God sure did good the day He created peanuts ! 
The husband & I switched to a backup tree this year because last years tree was falling apart ( found out this one is too ) , & this years tree is soooo small & pathetic in comparison . I'd post a picture , but I'm worried about my trees mental stability , & I worry it might try to harm itself if I showed all of facebook how pitiful it is ... 
I have decided after spending the last few hours on older child adoption forums that < PROPFIRST > doesn't ever need to read any of them & I never do again . There are some goofy people out there who do NOT have the < PROPFEMALE > for a former < PROPMALE > kid , & then get pissed off that the kids aren't perfect ! Oh well , won't make that mistake again ... 
My middle school Sunday school class is skipping class tomorrow to purchase gifts for the angel tree ! If you are a Vineyard attendee , you are invited to come with us , or if you would like to donate to the angel tree fund , bring money to church tomorrow , and we will put it towards purchasing some wonderful gifts for needy children in East Texas . So bring money tomorrow !! 
Went to lunch and angel tree shopping today with six of the wonderful guys and gals in my Sunday school class today . We had a great time and now I am exhausted ! Teenagers , hormones , silliness , argh !!! 
It's a beautiful morning for Hand in Hand today ! And if I remember to go when I get done , it will be a good afternoon to go to the library to get the third installment in the book series I'm reading . 
I have an official deadline as of tonight . My testimony must be written and approved by February 15 . I have 64 days to get it done . Pray for me ... 
I have a fun day planned today . Taking a squishy little boy with me to finish my Christmas shopping ( and maybe his not-squishy but still fantastic big sister will come too) ! Maybe I will see some of you out and about today ! 
I am officially finished with my Christmas shopping !! I haven't wrapped a freaking thing yet , but that is on the agenda for tomorrow . I have a fun morning planned at church tomorrow as well . 
Didn't add this in the last post seconds ago because it was so happy , but I think I'm gonna have to suck it up & concede to reading glasses in January when I go in for my eye exam . How sad is that ; not quite 30 & it's time for reading glasses ?! 
YAY !! The only version of Little Drummer Boy worth listening to is being done at The Vineyard this morning ! I've got to make sure I'm there early so I can hear it twice . :) 
Ooooo , Drummer Boy rocked it this morning ! And we even got an encore of worship , so that was wonderful to hear as well ! Then breakfast with my great Young Calling Sunday School class ; great start to the day !! 
On top of wonderful worship this morning , Pastor < PROPMALE > gave a wonderful sermon on why God screws up our plans : to get our attention ; because He has better plans for us , & to teach us trust in Him . 
Bizzare dreams the last couple of nights . Last night I dreamed about < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > & a baby she was taking care of (& that ain't ever gonna happen ! ) , & < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > . The night before , I dreamed about < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > & their family . REAL screwy ! 
Hey husband , get on facebook and read this ! My phone just quit working . :( I may have murdered the battery , or my phone may have just decided it was time to go to phone heaven . 
My Grandmommie went home to Jesus today ... 
Went to the visitation for my grandmother tonight . Thank all of you who have been thinking about and praying for my family . It has been appreciated and felt ! On a slightly different note , had a complete melt-down this afternoon . On the scale of a tired five year old ; you know , hysterics that just keep picking up again after you think everything is finally gonna calm down again ... 
The winds of change are coming . Good time of year for it , too . 
I love facebook . It gives us a place to all share the surprising news that ( gasp ! ) tomorrow is Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
I love my in-laws ! 
I sent my puppies out at 8 am to go potty , & every single blade of grass in my backyard was crunchy & covered in frost , even the ones in direct sunlight ! WTH , did I get transported to the North Pole ?! 
I'm ready for the Christmas season to be over so things can go back to normal ! 
getting ready to CLEAN ( retch ! ) 
Hey Young Calling ! Does anyone want to teach kids church this Sunday for second service ? I haven't been able to find anyone able to teach this week . Let me know if you want to teach ! 
< PROPFIRST > is going to the doctor to get checked out because of a blinding migraine tomorrow . Pray for him please ! 
I found out yesterday that Goliath will attack on command ... Because he did . Only , I didn't intend to tell him to attack , he just happens to be a moron ! But it's nice to know he would attack just because I told him to ! 
Beauty for ashes , a garment of praise for my heaviness ... This is what I'm holding out for ... 
\I place myself in Your hands . I lay my dreams at Your feet . I trust in the path You've laid for me . \ " LOVE this song !!! It's playing in my car right now . " 
And today it begins ... < PROPFIRST > is going to be chock-full of Bakers from all parts of the country , & the first of my family arrives tonight . It's going to be a busy week ! 
Grandmommy's funeral was today . It was a nice service , and it was good to see people I haven't seen in a long time . 
Spun out on the way home from church ! And I am well practiced in driving in snow , so that was fun . Felt like a doofas ... 
Just curious . How many of you are feeling CRAZY blessed here lately ? God has a funny way of making me grateful when I'm not feeling it on my own , so I was curious if anyone else was experiencing this phenomenom ... 
... trusting that You will make all things right if I SURRENDER to Your will , so that I may be reasonably happy in this life , and supremely happy with You forever in the next . 
I have felt very loved today ... It is absolutely incredible to me that someone as often downright unlikeable as I am seems to have so many people who seem to like me in spite of myself . 
I opened my back door a minute ago to let < PROPFEMALE > & Goliath outside to potty & thought there was a coyote running through my yard . It was a BIRD with a huge freaking wingspan ! It was so big & so fast . 
I think it is so funny that I still manage to surprise people with the things that come out of my mouth . If you have spent 5 minutes around me , you realize that the filter is defective , so however I think it in my head , that's the way it comes out of my mouth . So I guess it really is an amazing accomplishment when I make someone choke on what they are eating because of what I said ... 
It looks like something good might be happening soon for my wonderful hubby ! And this particular type of wonderful will have some spillage to cover me too ! Details to come soon ... It's so nifty when things work to our benefit . 
I sneeze & I pee . I cough & I pee . And my husband thinks it's funny . 
I am ready to not be sick anymore . Have been sleeping 12 to 16 hours a day for the last few days & I STILL feel exhausted . But today my body doesn't ache & that is a HUGE plus ! I genuinely thought I was going to be back to normal today , but I just tried to do dishes , & totally wore myself out . :( 
I went to the doctor today & was assured that I am going to die from coughing my lungs out of my chest tomorrow . Or she said I have an upper respiratory infection & if I take all of my antibiotics , then I will make a full recovery & should die some other horrible way at a later date . I'm not sure which ; I wasn't really listening ... 
Spoke to a TARE representative in < PROPFIRST > a little while ago , & she is going to hook < PROPFIRST > & I up with a social worker here in Smith Co . who can get the ball rolling on the adoption process ! God is good !! 
Yay ! I got to have dinner with the sweetest hubby for < PROPFIRST>'s Day yesterday . He finished up all the man-stuff he was working on early so that he could come eat with me . I love that man of mine ! 
I am married to a baby giraffe 
Got clearance today from all the powers that be for The Young Calling class to have a lock-in at the church . That's right ; I have no sense of self-preservation because I am planning to lock myself in overnight with a group of 10-15 year olds ! Anyone from the Vineyard wanna help chapperone ? 
Is wondering today . Just wondering . I hate wondering . I much prefer having all of the answers all of the time . On days like today , I am absolutely convinced that God has a sense of humor . And for anyone who is wondering , nothing is wrong , I am just feeling a little out of sorts ... All because I don't like it when God even hints at changing my plans on me . 
Church was great today ! It is wonderful to see God's mercy & forgiveness in action ! 
Yesterday , I was on my way home & at a stop sign , I saw a mom making a big show out of singing along with & dancing with her daughter in the back seat . I love to see parents being silly with their kids ! 
Heck yeah baby ! I just opened my fridge & realized I have enough chocolate to feed a small army stashed in there . Life is good ! 
I hate that Satan knows what my insecurities are & gets some sort of sick thrill out of using them against me , but I love that there is power & authority in Jesus ' name & that in His name I can tell Satan to go back to Hell where he came from because I am a child of the < PROPMALE > , & he does not have the authority to make me feel bad about myself . 
Feeling really good right now ! 
I got home at 9:45 tonight & realized < PROPFIRST > & I both had forgotten to turn on the light inside the house as well as the porch light . As I pulled into the driveway , Goliath went bat-crap bonkers ; snarling , snapping , growling , hackels raised . Something or someone was poking around in my yard that should not have been there . Glad God gave dogs good instincts , & glad God gave me enough sense to trust them ! 
Hoo-dang ! Apparently , my neck thought it would be fun to have an allergic reaction to my hair dye ( I know , BIG shocker that God did not give me a hair color straight out of a crayola box ) & now I think my head is going to fall off because my neck is going to rot away & then my head won't have anything to sit on . Any profound final parting words from anyone before my head dislocates from my body ? 
I discovered last night that I was still anxious over the incident from the night before , because I arrived home & nearly had a panic attack walking through the door because I was hearing noises ... Goliath really freaked me out the other night with his wacked out behavior ! 
Today is going to be one of those days ... 
Will be receiving some bumper stickers in the mail soon in support of the Wisconsin protests ! 
I am a little sad right now . I am sitting in Lindale < PROPMALE > High School's parking lot & a little girl who couldn't have been older than 14 or 15 walked outside & she was pregnant . Very heartbreaking stuff ... 
8 years . I find it hard to fathom that I have been married to my wonderful husband for 8 years . Happy anniversary < PROPFIRST > ! I love you more today than I did the day we were married ... 
Husband & I just had dinner at Shogun's for our anniversary . We sat at a table of high school juniors & I realized that we have officially become an old married couple . How did I get to be old enough to be twice their age ?! I am too young to be old ! At least I have a sweet hubby to grow old(er ) with ... 
I hate big huge scary bruises that come out of no where with absolutely no recolection of what monstrous thing you have done to bring the bruise on , & yet the bruise looks like a giant pulsating attack bruise which could be masking how the afflicted body part is going to fall off any minute . 
The adoption application is officially in the mail & on its way to child protective services . I sent it certified return receipt requested so I can be certain it arrives ! 
Laid in bed for the longest time last night feeling nauseated , but I guess I finally fell asleep because I woke up this morning . Plus side ? Feeling great today ! 
If anyone is interested in helping this Saturday morning ( April 2 ) , I need volunteers to help me set the church back up for Sunday morning . We are having a middle school lock in on Friday , April 1 & everything needs to be Sunday morning ready before I go home . Hopefully , it won't be a huge mess , but if I have a few sweet people helping , then my ( very likely ) exhausted butt can go home to go to bed a little earlir . 
Yay ! The adoption application has officially been delivered . Not only that , but the woman who signed for it wrote her name very legibly , so if we don't get a call soon , it will be very easy to know who to yell at ... 
You know that feeling when someone says something & most of the people in the room point out that the something that was said is so totally you because you hear people all over saying your name . And then you find out people were pointing you out too ! Yeah , all I can say is it is good I have the ability to laugh at myself ... :) 
I just responded to an email that was sent to me by one of my kids church workers asking how the adoption process was going & if there was anything specifically that I needed prayer for . Totally out of the blue & unexpected . I love my church family ! 
Holy crap ! As of five minutes ago , I have 19 young people coming to the lock in at the church Friday night ... Good thing I lined up help ! 
Ok all of you prayer warriors out there . There are some prayer needs going on at my church right now . I do not know any details on any of these ( multiple ) situations . God does though . Cause He is cool like that . 
Umm , I am so confused . Lots of people have been posting a song called \Friday\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Black & so I listened to it today . Is she serious ? Really ? That was the most pathetic thing I have heard since hearing Miley < PROPMALE > \ " sing . \"" 
Now we are up to 22 kids for the lock in ! Hoo dang , it is going to be one hot crazy mess on Friday at the Vineyard ! 
Busy evening planned . Going to Gladewater's CR group to give my testimony at 6:30 & probably going to stick around for small group too ! 
Wanna hear my April Fool's prank ? I am going to have 20 plus teens at the church tonight for a lock in . Oh , wait , that's not a prank . I am starting to think I am in trouble ... 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change & not get pissed off about it ... Sometimes I really HATE being a control freak . 
We have done almost every single activity I had planned for the lock in . Midnight dodgeball complete ( thank goodness ! ) & now the movie \Grown Ups\ " is playing for the girls . All of the boys are in the other room gaming . And I am still awake ... " 
It's 2am & I am draaaaaging . Having a VERY hard time staying awake . 9am is a loooooong way away ... 
First it was down to 10 awake , then 6 awake . Now , it is down to two . K squared is still awake . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , & Chauntelle , you have crazy daughters ! But I think Kayley is crashing quickly ... 
I got NO sleep last night & have now been awake for 25 1/2 hours . I am looking forward to my \nap\ " today ! " 
At home . Going to bed . Do not call or text me . Even if you set your dog on fire & don't know whether or not to call the humane society or the fire department . Because the answer to that is that you are too stupid to have a dog to begin with , so I would not be having that idiotic conversation with you anyway . 
Wow ! I just woke up from my 8 hour post-lock in \nap\ " & read the last post before I went to sleep . I was incoherent ! And babbling . And going on about setting dogs on fire . Ay ay ay ... " 
The lock in was fantastic ! We had 16 5th through 9th graders show up ! Absolutely wonderful turn out . We played games ( including an entertaining marshmallow pass that involved toothpicks held between the teeth ) & ended with midnight dodgeball . The kids had a blast ( not to mention the adults) ! We will definitely do this again ! 
Friends , the lock in pictures I stole from < PROPFEMALE > are officially uploaded . You should check them out because I want to rub all of your faces in the fun that you missed !! 
It's so spiffy when you realize you have so many things to be thankful for . I just spent 30 minutes in prayer & except for like five minutes of that , it was all thanking God for all of this nifty stuff that is going on ! I don't tend to be a thanker as often as I should be because I tend to always ask Santa-God ( I have been good this year , so I want a pony ) for everything without thanking Him for the blessings I have . 
I finally feel like I got enough sleep . I woke up this morning to my usual sleepy instead of this crazy post lock in no sleep kind of sleepy I have been rocking the last couple of days ! 
