< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , hmm , me thinks plastic surgery doesn't sound like such a good idear 

What an awesome weekend . Simply bad ass !!!! 
Master's Degree Graduate , Bitches ! 
Pain heals , Chicks dig scars , < PROPFEMALE > lives forever 
I'll fix the pics later . I know a lot of em are sideways and it's driving me nuts 
Is it over yet ? 
I am here but not here . I am there but not there . Therefore , I am real but not real , which makes me surreal . Confusing , and yet it makes perfect sense 
I'm still up ! Whose with me ? Huh ? Anyone ? Okay , looks like it's just me 
TSO was awesome once again . Long drive though , think i'm going to call it a night early for once . Damn good time , looking forward to going again 
Bah ! Humbug ! Bah , I say , bahhh :) And a happy new year . 
Where are all the New Year's < PROPFEMALE > Parties ? Back in the day it was all parties at people's houses . Now , some moron drives people to and from bars . Bars , seriuosly , this is supposed to be more fun than a house party ? Obviously people don't know how to throw parties anymore . :( 
Lookin for a cheap relieable car . Don't care if it looks like crap , but would like it to be at least a little quiet . Something that would last less than a year . Any suggestions ????????? 
First week at State Street , and I gotta say , this kicks Walgreens ass . No more crooked ass pharmacy . No more selling people drugs they don't need . No more xanaxless assholes ripping me a new one . My degree finally did something right for . On top of that , got me a decently nice grand prix . Just keeping my fingers crossed as far as the motor goes , everything else will work itself out . 
And finally to top it all off , should be moving to Lees Summit by early March . Now , if i can work my way out of debt , this life just may not be that bad after all 
Do you ever feel like you see the right direction , you're moving in that direction , you can look back at where you came from , and that even with all this knowledge , be completely lost ? Why is it that I can see the good things ahead but still be asking why I should do them ? These are the daily thoughts that run through my head . I seriously need something to occupy my mind ... 
I want to run my head either into or through a wall . No reason , just feel like it . It's just one of those lives , cause I don't have just days like these :) 
Ok , this is aimed mainly at my close friends , but , i need to pick up an engine in kc on tuesday sometime before 5 o'clock . looking for a truck mainly . if you can help , please call me at 816-914-3995 sometime today . 
I wish this year would hurry up and get over with ! 
I'm so wild , they think i'm crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
4 day weekend ! Whoop , whoop !! 
I have come to the conclusion that I am doomed . From what you ask ? Everything . The sad part . I actually think I'm alright with that . A doomed me is still better off than half of the world's population . I almost wish my life was harder so that i'd appreciate the small things more . But then again , I'd actually have to experience the small things first to enjoy them . And you don't get those when you're doomed . Oh well . 
Can somebody come off as being crazy but not psychotic ? Can one strike fear and respect into people at the same time even though they are mutually exclusive ? Is it possible for people to understand what a person is saying without believing it ? Can people see something from another perspective ? For 99.99999% of people the answer to all these questions is no . For me , I believe yes , but then again , i'm a dying breed . 
And so another long journey in life has ended at the same time a new one has began . Wish me luck , because this next road is very bumpy 
I'm deleting my account . It's nice to catch up with people I will never see , but think Facebook has taken the place of hanging out with friends and that is pathetic . On top of that , Facebook comes out every year and makes some stupid ass application that serves 2 purposes . 
For examples : Places . This allows you to see where your friends are and allows marketing companies to know exactly where you are and allows burglars to know when you left your house . But i bet a ton of the stupid people just love that app , well i hope you get robbed . I tired of the dumbing down of < PROPFEMALE > and Facebook contributes to that as much as anybody . 
I will be off by Monday . If you need to contact me , you can either use tcchastain@statestreet.com ( work ) or mrchastain@hotmail.com ( home ) . \ 
\ 
To Everyone : Good Luck , God Bless and may everyone open their eyes to the destruction of < PROPFEMALE > by our corrupt as hell political system ! 
is sick and tired of all the shit , of all the people and of all the damn drama in life . 
How in the hell do you delete an APP ? 
Is anyone handy with removing Cd players ( in tact ) from a car let me know . I have an old worthless car , but a fine working Cd player I don't want to lose out on . So , if you know something or anyone who is handy with that kinda crap , shoot me a message please . Thanks ! 
If your DAD was a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status & let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM DEARLY . You can replace a lot of people in your life but you only have one DAD ! 
Just putting this out there , but is anybody else planning on being down in Westoport on Thursday ? And if so , what time ? 
