listening to music ... talk to me ... others arent ... pweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeze . ill luh you for like a second if you do ... i got my game on !!!! 

Sunburn Galore !!!! Blue Bayou rocks ! I refused to wear any footware or sunblock . I regret it now . lol 
bet no one knows that i was so bored that i figured out the square root of 32 ... well its 5.6568543 . now if anyone ever asks what the square root of 32 is you will know ... 
Gahh !!!! food is evil . It is so delicious I just had to eat .... oh well .... :) 
I wish i could just freeze life sometimes ... 
I'm sucking on a fork !!! 
Happy New Year Everyone ! I hope you all have an amazing 2011 ! 
Look what I can do people1 I can write a News Feed ! I'm so amazing ... >:) 
I am trying to play scrabble on facebook but no one seemes to be on ... Sad . Very sad 
So I've had a virus on my computer for a while now and I can't get it off ... But I have found a way to avoid it ! Yay me and my smartness !!! lol ... I tried to restore my computer but there were no dates to restore my computer to ... Oh well . I'm happy with what I have done . :) 
just downloaded Mozilla Firefox ... Thats the third internet browser i can now use ... lol im so weird 
The soundtracks from \Rent\ " are amazing ! It has some of the best music ever . " 
I'm using a < PROPFEMALE > laptop ... It's hard to type . Curse my hands that make it hard to type with < PROPFEMALE > laoptops !!! 
The first day or weekend I learn to drive , I'm so going to see < PROPFEMALE > at LSU . * sigh * My little friend is ghrowing up so fast . Where did the time go ? 
I wish there was a machine that printed out my thoughts . Sometimes I haven't the slightest idea what I'm thinkning about . I would love to share my thoughts to the world . Sometimes ... 
I just remembered something !!! I'm so freaking awesome that I proved that the number fourty sevn is interesting , to my brothers . Altough I can't do it to them ever again unless they forget how I proved or just become stupid , but it was fun . Yay go me ! 
Going to Florida this weekend !!!! Ha ! Although it will be for Pride , I could care less . More beach time for me !!! 
I have nothing to do .... I'm so bored . :( 
I just watched \Dear John\ " and now I'm sad . It was a good movie but it still made me sad . " 
Florida was fun . I didn't get to sunburned . :) 
Someone should teach me how to drive . I lost a bet and now I have to drive to see my friend . Teach me please ! 
I get on Facebook everyday ... It just hit me that I never actually have anything to do here . What keeps me coming back ? And what is it that keeps me staying on ? 
So yesterday I was swimming with my family . My brothers an I were playing around and I jabbed my thumb into my brothers knee . I now have hard time opening my phone . I never knew how useful thumbs were . I have taken advantage of my fingers since I knew how to use them . I don't think I will anymore ... ( tear ) 
I'm in the mood hold hands with my best friend , < PROPFEMALE > my head back , start spinning in circles , and laughing untill I become dizzy . 
AS I eat my french fries , I wonder , \Why did the chicken cross the road ? \"" 
The best part of cooking food is you get to taste it before everyone else . Anyone who breaks this rule is subject to getting hit with a spatula . 
If I could fly I would never be bored ... sigh ... Curse my inability to fly . 
I dont know what to do .... I'm so bored ... People should talk to me . 
I have nothing to do ... I can't even form an interesting thought ... how am I supposed to entertain myself if my own mind won't think of funny things ... grr 
So I've noticed how the only way converations start , ( through texting I mean ) is if I am the first to send a message ... No one ever texts me first ... The only time my phone will say one new message is after I have sent a meessage ... It's so not fun ... 
grr ... my phone had a date with the washer ... 
I have a phone again !!! Its a phone I had a year and a half ago !!! I really believe the saying \patience is a virtue\ " now . Lol " 
Nothing to do ... Waiting for my mind to come up with something for me to do ... 
Because of < PROPFIRST>'s awesomeness , my laptop , which had a very bad virus , is now fixed and has Windows 7 ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > !!! I owe you big time . :) 
Bored . So bored . Why do people sleep ??? It bugs me . 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is an amazing movie !!! I recommend that everyone watch it ... Very good . :) 
Okay , so an undershirt , a dark red shirt , and jeans make a fat guy get reeeeeaaaalllyyy hot .... In both ways . The sexy kind of hot and the temperature hot ... 
The Livingston Perish School Board is thinking or has already approved the teaching of Creationism .... Grr .... 
Jacuzzi tubs are the bomb !!! 
Getting my hair highlighted again !!! Yay !!! 
I've had a good weekend . I'm gonna miss my computer ... With all of it's Windows 7 awesomeness ... Wish I could stay just a bit longer ... But I've had a good break from everything . So I don't mind going back home . I'm going to enjoy the rest of the time I have here though ... Family and computer time !!! What could be better ? Oh yeah ... friends ... lol 
It's amazing how much things mean to you and you don't even ralize it untill it's to late ... Broadmoor was a much better school than I gave it credit for ... I miss everyone there ... 
Bordem struck me like a bat to a baseball ... dang ... 
Tonight was one of the best nights I've had in a while ... My mom actually sat at the table to eat dinner !!! There is a first for everything ... :D 
Einstein's Impossible Riddle was very fun . I like trying to figure things out like that . The hints give you all of the information you need to know . You just need to think a little . :D 
Just spent a lot of time looking at pictures .. I wish I had a flashdrive to save some of them though ... Saving to the computer isn't very fun . 
I love Christmas ! Family coming together , the smiles , the laughter , and everything that come along with Christmas . It's just amazing ...! :) I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas time ! 
When I can finish a 4x4 rubik's cube without any trouble I'm moving on to a 5x5 ... That might take a while but I'm willing to wait . :D 
Everyone is getting ready for the New Year ! Everyone is making resolutions ! I hope everyone has a wonderful time . We all deserve to be happy ! I love everyone ! 
So vitamin waer is so much better than I thought it was . It's awesome ! Thanks mom ! lol I love you ! 
Wow ... I never knew how long my hair looked from the back before it was cut . I never could get a glimpse of my head from the back . I'm going to have to grow it out again sometime . I miss having long hair . Right now though , short hair is fine . 
