Is getting ready to spend new years with my best buddies ! this next year is gonna be great ! 

I couldnt have asked for a better new years < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh I slept all day ... now i cant sleep !!! 
shit man .. I'm ready to start new already ! 
ugh god ! tonight needs to get here faster ! 
I've been fallin ' apart at the seams But it's not as it seems Broken pieces around at my feet That I dance on 
my heart goes rushing to my head , whatever happened to me . weeks went forward i'm aware , that i've been living in reverse 
deaf , dumb , and thirsty , starting to deserve this , leaning on my conscience wall . Blood is like wine unconscious all the time ... if i had it all again , i'd change it all 
is getting ready to go to work at the job i hate ... to see the boyfriend that is appauld by my behavior .... and to face all the people that seen me pull a snooki in the food court !!!...... i hate my life 
dumb boss wont let me close !!!! ugh !!! it's F*ing slow !!!! :( 
Love and peace flash through my mind Pain and hate are all I find Find no hope in nothing new Never had a dream come true 
did my best to notice When the call came down the line Up to the platform of surrender I was brought but I was kind 
now i could make this obvious and you , you could deny me all in one breath you can strug me off your shoulders !!! 
is singing to emo songs ... :( 
The clock keeps ticking but nothing else seems to change Problems never solved , just rearranged And when I think about all the times that I've had some were good most were bad I search for personality and I look for things I can not see 
work is lame ..... 
everyone bailed on me I HATE everyone !!! 
I hate everyone !!!! 
i miss doin the soulja boy ! 
is just too busy being fabulous !!!! :) hehe 
that stupid cash ball needs to hit i'm tired of playing bingo ! :( 
my friday .... yay happy 4 20 everyone !!!! 
\My head is a mess I'm breaking into a sweat I'm not filled with organs but I'm filled with regret Can we do it all again and pretend we just met\ " -piebald jealous guy blues " 
\alone i write alone i dwell alone i rot trapped in this shell too old to be young but i'm not old loneliness i hear it's call run behind but i still fall never happy sometimes i think i'm in hell \"- pulley " 
just got to chicago .... yay 
maybe i will move back to chicago & hearts ; 
i just smoked in a restaurant ! :) i miss that 
is it just me or does ochocinco dress like aladdin ??? 
just got the lip pierced again 
the chairs blew into the pool :( 
I'm totally not looking forward to beginning my mediocre day .... can't i just stay in bed :( 
doesn't understand why everyone wants to hug a f*ing tree !!!! 
i feel like i got punched in the mouth ....... and guess what my grandpa said !!!! \that was dumb ...... why would you pierce your lip ? \"" 
\It seems too hard to get better what do i do after that \"- < PROPMALE > boone " 
there but for the grace of god there go I 
pour my life into a paper cup , the ashtrays full and i'm spillin my guts ... 
ugh I can't sleep !!! Boo ! 
\you only see what you want to believe when you light up in the back with those tricks up your sleeve . That don't mean i can't < PROPFEMALE > . The day that I die will be the day that I shut my mouth and put down my guitar . Sunday morning hold church down at the bar .. \ " sublime ( same in the end ) " 
AHHH monday eww ..... 
is so tired ...! 
\What's the closest you can come to an almost total wreck and still walk away 
Don't blame us if we ever doubt you\ 
You know we couldn't live without you\ 
Boston , you are the only only only ....... 
\Secrets to a good life is knowing when your through ... \"- rancid ..... I'm gonna keep quoting hahaha :P " 
i'm soooo sleepy ....... 
The only thing worse than getting hair stuck to your lip gloss , is getting a leaf stuck to it !!! DAMN WIND !! 
\It's the best part of all this\ 
\I don't care about what they say\ 
I would like to know why people think they can talk shit and when i find out i'm not gOnna confront them ???? If you don't want drama don't talk shit ... end of story ... I'M SICK OF LIVING IN A WORLD WHERE GROWN MEN ARE SPINELESS BITCHES 
\only god can judge me \"- tupac " 
\It's unsuspecting ; it seems to find us now \ 
is trying to think positive ... my goodness .... it's difficult 
is so happy to be off work ! 
wtf !!!! I'm so sick of people coming in late ..... IF I'M OFF AT FOUR .... I PLAN MY LIFE AROUND THAT !!!! NOT F*ING 4:30 OR 5 ...... 
bye bye dumb quiznos 
i start my first day of work today ..... it feels strangely similar to my first day of school !!!!! \ 
...... ugh i think i'm gonna be sick !!! 
yay ! i like my new job !!! 
\oh god it's wonderful\ 
lol i like when people try to ATTACK me on facebook . it's rather funny ..... spineless ..... 
goodness ..... mind your own buisness !! 
is slightly more free than yesterday 
i can't figure out how to delete people on here . :( someone help me 
\In the same confusing breath 
hates everyone again too 
went to south beach yesterday ! So beautiful ! I'm absolutely in love with miami 
drove past sunlife stadium today .... no cars :( .... wish we could have gone !!! I'll for sure get to be there when the mets play though hooray ! :) 
accidently slept all day ! God i hate losing days like that !!! 
got breakfast in bed this morning .... he's so romantic !! :) 
i'm making fish tacos for my man and his dad tonight .... I'm kinda nervous i hope they like them :( 
Had a wonderful day today ! You gotta love be lazy sometimes .... making < PROPFIRST > watch a marathon of degrassi yay !!! 
i'm feeling kinda alone .. call me :( 
ugh my head hurts ..... 
i'm back in vegas hit me up 
\My friends think I've gone crazy 
Ugh ! Im not feeling so good ! :( 
Im so tired ... thank god it's almost bedtime ! 
had a good bingo day ... now time for bed 
Good night world 
Ugh ... i woke up late today ... this could be bad ! :( 
Is so sick :-( 
Yay !!! Law and Order SVU marathon !!! My perfect Sunday :-) 
I needed you more when you wanted us less ... 
I love when people are too wrapped up \doing the deal\ " to go out for coffee ... hmmm ... i supposed i missed that part in \ " working with others \"" 
Megadeth and slayer are in vegas tonight :-( and i cant go ... 
has been a loner lately ... and is sick of it 
Is waiting for bingo to start ... yay wish me luck 
Ugh ... the losing streak continues ... 
Ugh its so hot outside and its making me sleepy ... 
Ahh ... im out of cigarettes 
At the movies waiting for \the other guys\ " to start . I hope its good ill let you guys know " 
just saw \the other guys\ " it was pretty good ... " 
Saw \dinner for shmucks\ " today ... it was weird " 
is flippin channels between the bears , raiders game and the waterboy . hehe 
Has felt unmotivated lately 
Is jealous that everyone is talking about going to school ... I want to start again this fall but i have no money and no scholarship ... 
Had a very relaxing couple of days :) 
Is getting ready to watch two hours of svu !!! yay 
Ugh ... im still a big fat loser at bingo . 
Is having a great day .. just got the best news ever !!! 
Is playing bingo with grandma wish us luck :-) 
Three months is WAY too long to be unemployed . I need a job , yesterday 
Ugh im not looking forward to dinner tonight 
Ugh i feel sick i ate too much junk food 
Poor napolean is like a zombie ... he hates when i stay up this late 
Just made lemon pepper cod for dinner , i am such a fabulous cook ! 
Is at the cactus club not singing karaoke ... i know im chicken shit . it's 
I shouldn't have stayed out so late . Im soooooooo tired ... 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > !!! have fun at your party !!! 
this too shall pass ... not soon enough ... im counting the days 
Is definately having a better day than yesterday 
Stupid cowboys ruined my parlee 
Yay job interview tomorrow wish me luck :-) 
Went to the interview today ... nobone showed up for graveyard so the hiring manager had to work graveyard , hence , he could give me an interview ... i will get a call when he gets back . :-D 
gosh .... everyones right your twentys do fly like summer break :-( 
OmG a person like me has no buisness watching \1000 Ways to Die\ " on spike tv ... now im never gonna get to sleep :-( " 
Haha i actually forgot it was my b day ... until i went to the clinic and they said \HAPPY BIRTHDAY\ " I was like \ " oh yeah ! \ " hehehe " 
Yay everyone at bingo wished me a happy birthday :-) 
Ahh im so nervous about the interview today . i really hope i get the job :-( 
So the interview went great ... the owner said he would give me a call if i got the job . I'm sure I did . :-) 
I lost my love and my soul september 16 2010 
Do you ever wish you can go back in time and do it all over again ??? god , i would give anything to change it 
I got the job .. i start tomorrow ... i know you would be proud babe 
My first day went well . a job didnt change much though . im still a fuckin wreck 
Ugh people that lask common sense bother me 
the days are getting harder not at all easier ... i miss you so much my love 
Thank god ionly have three and a half more hours of work . im exhausted 
No lectures to endure ..... yeah right .... 
Ugh im so tired . day , end please !!! 
hates the four thirty in the morning schedule . it makes me so tired 
Tattoo expo at the convention center today , saturday , and sunday locals get in for free . WHOS GOING ??? 
Napolean and I are spending quality time together 
im sad my days off r over but happy i get to go to work tomorrow . its nice to feel needed 
\What am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you \"" 
Finally ... a day i can survive 
Grr ... i got chili all over my shirt . i hit my back on the corner of the table and the coffee wore off . im ready to clock out now :-( 
its so nice hangin with my friends ... 
A study shows that las vegas has three neighborhoods in the top 25 for most dangerous ... i had lived in all three . i had to laugh at that . 
i was able to know my soulmate for one year four months and two weeks . i was blessed to have that . it wasnt nearly long enough 
Disarm u with a smile and leave u like they left me here , to wither in denial , bitterness of the one whos left alone . 
I am sick of surrounding myself with unhealthy people in unhealthy situations 
i met a girl who was going to her bachelorette party . i am happy for her but jealous . 
We r celebrating my dads bday today . there is nothing better after a stressful day than hanging out with the family :-) 
Omg i am so tired . i fell asleep during my break . BAD IDEA ! 
I am irritated with people places and things .... screw it ... f * all nouns ;-D 
i love < PROPFEMALE > mercados 
Everytime i look into the sky i wonder if u still love me and if ur proud of me ... 
Is missing mikey . u really only get one soulmate . and he knew he was mine ... 
Im sooo looking forward to seein someone that means so much to me and getting to spend the whole day with them . i am truely blessed to have such a wonderful human being in my life ! 
is hanging with < PROPFIRST > . i wish this day would never end . 
I cannot do this without < PROPFIRST > . im done . i dont want to be here anymore . 
I feel insane every single time im asked to compromise , cause im afraid and stuck in my ways and thats the way it stays- A 7x 
Really !!?? does everyone now know why I DONT date guys in their twenties !!! i learned my last lesson with that 
I hate thanksgivin ... so many turkeys r killed . its so sad . 
im very thankful for the amazing people in my life . i love u guys ! u all know who u are . 
I had an absolutely wonderful day . and days like this making life worth living ! 
i just realized how immature i actually am . it took watching the disney channel to realize it ... ugh 
In the criminal justice system , sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous . In New York City , the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad , known as the Special Victims Unit . These are their stories ... YAY !!!!! :) 
lol \it's my birthday .... yesterday\ " gotta love necro " 
besides been restless irritable and discontent todays not going too bad . 
is waiting for the dumbass sears guy to get here ugh !!!! 
i have felt so sick all day !!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
I cant wait till im off work . im bored and tired ! 
Never say u love someone eventually all they will do is use it To hurt u 
Totally broken-hearted 
Someone needs to call me ! im hella depressed ! i need to get out of myself . : ( 
I love how none of myso called \friends\ " text me back . yah fuck u guys for real !!!! " 
I hate feelings . i wish this pain would go away !!!! 
\I dont see the point of a partnership . it wont be long till they start to trip\ " ! ; ) " 
I am feeling alot better about my current situation . blessings in disguse they say .... thank u guys . i honest to god didnt realize i had so many friends ! thanks for being there for me when i needed u ! u guys r the best !!! love ya !!! 
I dont get it whats up with the number thing ...? 
I wanna play the number game send them to me ;) 
#8751 - i love u to death . u r the only person that has been there for me for so long . u dont find many people in the world who r so loyal ! i am so blessed to have u in my life . 
#2 - u truely r family to me . u understand things about me that no one else gets . no matter how far u move u will always be one of my closest friends ! love ya !!! 
#007 lol . u r way hott ! hehe last time i saw u had a gf so that was lame . i think we dated in like 5th grade right ??? we need to kick it again sometime when i come out that way . : ) 
#676 we go WAY back . i miss the shitoutta u . me u and the crew had some fun times in < PROPFIRST>'s \haunted house\ " lol ( he wont think thats funny ) but i miss u and we need to kick it . u still live around here ? " 
Today is good . working then hanging with mi madre . 
Ugh . why is it so hot out !!??? 
someone said to me \i knew u were awake this morning because the sun came up . \ " way to feed my ego !!! : ( " 
I am soooo tired . i just want to go to sleep that would make me sooo happy 
On my break its back to work in a couple minutes . 
Had a very lucky day at the casino . 
Haha christmas is over for me ;) 
I am tired . work is boring 
I hope everyones day is going well . 
Chivalry died along with punk 
Omg i am tired already these 14 hour work days r brutal 
