I GOT A FACEBOOK ! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 

My birthday is tomorrow !!!!!!! * screams * 
It's my birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I see life as a glass half full ! 
Never start something that you're not willing to finish ! 
Is it normal to always want to stay in your room ? 
I'm addicted to Twitter ! XD 
VA Beach is awesome ! Sand , surf , and henna tatoos ! XD cant wait to show everyone at school ! 
got back from VA beach ! i had a blast ! XD 
im BORED !!!!!! 
Feliz Cinco De Mayo ! <3 
I have to do ALL the dishes in exchage for my sister cleaning the rest of the house ........ sounds like a pretty good eal to me ! XD 
at VA beach again ! just for tomorrow ! 
I feel like I'm out of the loop . I haven't been at school lately for reason I'ld rather not say , and i feel detached . 
When life gives you lemons , through it back in its face . 
Is your glass half full , or half empty ? 
Why is love so hard to find ? and when you do find it , it's hard to take hold of . And even if you accomplish that , you still have the problem of keeping ahold of it . sometimes i think the universe doesn't want we to find someone to love . 
Live . Laugh . Love <3 
not everything can go the way you want it to . 
Life is what you make of it . 
my step-brother plays Halo 3 everytime I see him ! does he not have any other games ?! 
sleeping on the floor is so uncomfortable ! 
... 
Fiction reveals truths than reality obscures . - Jessamyn West 
Every man dies . Not every man really lives . 
If moderation is a fault , then indifference is a crime . 
When you are through changing , you are through . 
When you have a dream , you've got to grab it and never let go . 
Life is a comedy for those who think ... and a tragedy for those who feel . 
Ideas shape the course of history . 
Going to NY tomorrow ! :D Waking up at 4:30 am ! DX 
Went to the beach and had a blast ! XD 
What would be your speciality in a zombie apocalypse ? -- My Result : Sharpshooter . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/384373/referrals/status?aid=100000855613595 
You know you're in love when you can fall asleep , because reality is finally better than your dreams ! <3 
has Skype and needs friends ! XD 
Love just got more complicated . 
The world is yours , so claim it already ! 
I'm bored ! * starts to think of random things*giggles * I have an evil mind . :P 
I only got four hours of sleep last night . I'm so drained . 
Fa-la-la-la-la , la-la , la-la 
The world seems less confusing when you know what'a giong on . :P 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow !!!! :D 
* repeatelly throws her dagger into a tree trunk * 
I'm going to my grandpa's later to open christmas presents ! YAY ! ^_^ 
At the alco-ton with my daddy . Bored as hell . Love my daddy though . :P 
Snow is such a beautiful thing . :) 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Garden . We had to wait for a table for an hour ! But it was worth it ! ;P 
The world may be my oyster , but I'm still trying to find the < PROPFEMALE > inside . 
I have a swim meet tomorrow at University of < PROPFIRST > Washington . Wish us luck ! 
The world is a very confusing place to live . Hope you all are fast learners ! ;P 
If you should expect the unexpected , what happens when the expected comes and you're not prepared ? 
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer . But keep your family even closer than your enemies , so no one you care about gets hurt . \ 
\ 
I would give my life to ensure my friends and family were safe from any enemies I may have . <3 
No school , delay , I don't care . Just let me sleep in tomorrow ! >_< 
What do you do when a friend you feel really close to suddenly wants to stop being friends ? :'( I need advice . 
If anyone was wondering where i went , i got my phone tken away 
is is watching \American Dad ! \ " on Verizon FiOS TV " 
is i am using my dad's tv to update my status . it's kinda cool . :) 
is is watching \Blue Collar Comedy Tour\ " on Verizon FiOS TV " 
