I was drafted on to Facebook 

NOt the best odea to go to bed at 7:30 am on new years day ... but it was the most fun i've had this year ... 
My minds an open book yours to decifer ... have fun . 
After watching the NFC Championship I hoped the VIkings would win but I think its for the better they lost Favre looked exhausted , I don't think he would have survived the Super Bowl . 
With Football almost over and no Pittsburgh team left in the picture all I have to say is LETS GO PENS !!! 
Two in one year one a friend the other an aquaintence please God no one else . 
I am the most social antisocial person I know . how does that work ? 
If being random was illegal i would be americas mosts wanted . 
Snow shoveling ... what a pain in the back . 
The Super Bowl , the holy grail of sporting events . only problem it not a cup so technically wouldn't the stanly cup have to be the holy grail of sporting event ? 
I acctualy want to go back to school ! the snow needs to either stop or at least snow less . 
Epic free for all airsoft battle with Any and < PROPMALE > ... I won ! 
Will this Snow ever stop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
City and state authorities say they dont know where to put all this snow ... I do . One word Vancouver ! ! 
\Nuf everybody i know you cant believe Jamaica we have a Bobsled team\ " -Sanca ( Cool Runnings ) " 
Friends , you love them , you hate , and you put up with theirs quirks , but you would'nt trade them for anything . 
lifes more fun if you know were your going but not nececarily how to get their . you need to pick the rout you think is best . 
So aparently falling six feet and catching yourself has the same results , to a lesser extent as hitting your head off the floor ... minus the whole bruising issue . Thanks to everyone that checked to make sure me and < PROPMALE > were Ok I realy appreciated it . 
I don't think i remembered what my house looked like in daylight , just twilight and darkness ... i have'nt been home before 8 for the past two weeks . 
Opening Night of \Beauty and the Beast\ " went great . Had a blast cant wait for tommarow and Sunday ! " 
Theres nothing like going to your first track practice of the season and learning your swimming ... and then realiseing yiu dont have your swimsuit . Uhg 
Legs are so tired i cant feel them ... until i move them . So can i get away with saying i cant feel my legs ? 
Daylights savings time and me have a love hate relationship ... Love the sun being up later , hate it coming up later ... oh and the whole loose an hour of sleep thing is not the greates to , especialy when you realize that it is 12am when you think its 11pm . 
So sucessfuly managed to suprise myself , and the reat of the Track team , by running a 30o in 42seconds ... yeah Im not a sprinter and that was better than some of their time where did that come from ? 
So just found out today that the 300 i ran was 2seconds slower then Thans ... what have i gotten myself into now ? 
So , basicaly i've been told by every coach that I've gotten stronger and faster . Looks like this year I'll be a multi event person . Jumper and a sprinter . 
So apperently must be doing alot better to every coach for track . I've always jumped , but now i will sprint and I guess be tested to see if i can run the 800 . I notice some difference but not this much ... IM NOT USED TO THE ATTENTION ! 
Saturday : Practice at 9am home by 12 , hopefuly . Agenda for rest of day , relax and recover ! 
Theres nothing like running out side and have a lightning bolt light up the sky to make you turn around and run back inside ... especialy when < PROPFEMALE > are te tallest thing out there . 
Night time sharpens heightens each sensation . Darkness wakes and stirs imagenation ... 
Close your eyes for your eyes will only tell the truth and the truth isnt what you want to see . In the dark it is easy to pretend that the truth is what it ought to be . 
There's nothing like haveing that strange feeling if being watched only to turn around and and find that you are . 
pointless day of school tomarrow . First 2 hour late start then one hour athletic early dismissal . WooHoo 5 hour school day ... then probably 5 hour track meet . 
Is exhausted after his track meet . Great job everyone , especialy my fellow 4x4 teammates . 
Long weekend , then two days of school then of to New Orleans . Yes !!! 
Off to Buffalo NY to visit my grandparents for easter . 
Track Meet against Derry tomarrow . Then go home get tsome sleep , wake up at 5 something(a . m . ) and off to New Orleans !!! 
Successful track meet today went 4/4 in my events for placeing . Off to New Orleans for the rest of the week ... back at 1:30 am MONDAY morning and yes I will be in school(physicaly not mentally ) 
New Orleans 
Cajun food is realy good . 
Theres nothing like getting home at 2 1m and haveing to go back to school in 4 hours . But over all New Orleans was a blast ! 
Has RE-Retired from the Game . 
I think I am the only person who can successfuly face plant in the pit while trying to save myself in triple jump drills . 
Could this school year get any more messed up ? 
Post 4x4 syndrome ... probably one of the most horably exahsted feeling in the world ! 
I cant say i blame the school for all the new and old rules that are now inforced but seriously i think it might be alittle overkill ... 
Ovechknin out of the playoffs !!!!! and eliminated by the last seeded team ... PATHETIC 
Counties tomarrow 9- 3:30 wish me luck . 
2010 Westmorland County Tack and Field 4x4 Champions !!!!! 
Theres nothing Like Chocolate Cake at 11 ; 30 at night . 
Ride home from night of the stars practice was quite ... interesting . < PROPMALE > and I taught my Dad how to swear in < PROPMALE > ... not our best idea . 
Theres nothing like the tan line you get from our track jerseys ... 
The trouble with jogging is that , by the time you realize you're not in shape for it , it's too far to walk back . \ 
- < PROPMALE > P . Jones 
Yesterday was a HORRIBLE day for a track meet ! Theres nothing like sitting in the rain and cold ... especialy when you already have a cold . 
My dogs a complete ham . 
I swear our weather is bi-polar ... 
Just got back form the Senior High Chorus concert . Great job to all involved It souded Execellent ! 
Awsome Airsoft war today ... but my arms look like a cats scratching post . 
Euro Preformance want amazing , cant wait to do it all day Friday . Not to thrilled about being in costume all day though ... 
4 days and counting ...!!! 
I Think we own the most temoramental vacume on earth . 
Typeing in the dark not my brightest idea ever ... 
I mananged to wipe out on regional tv today ... 
Tomorrows my last full da of class a GLHS ... 
Never thought that id miss my school routine ... but at least at school i remembered to eat during the day ! 
Ive got a jar of dirt , ive got a jar of dirt ... 
My dog likes Pickels . What is wrong with that animal ??? 
Lifeguard traing 8-4 tomorrow tuesday and wendsday . 
Certification test tomorrow ... 
I passed 
Work 1-6/7 all week ... yay ??? 
Tired sleepy guy once said Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
Oh how i hate to get up in the morning oh how id love to remain in bed bt the hardest thing if all is to hear the buglar call ITS TIME TO GET UP ITS TIME TO GET UP ITS TIME TO GET UP ITS MORNING . I wonder how many people know the \second verse\ " to that ... " 
Do you ever have one of those moment when you hear a song and a memory or multipul memories come back to you ...? 
So woke up this morning and went to put mycontacts in . Got to the bathroom stood in front of the mirror and forgot what i was going to do . I then decided to take my contacts out ... but then realized that i never put them in and that I was pinching my eye not the contact lense other than that over all it was a good day . 
Theres nothing like standing in a rain storm and feeling as if you should be swimming . 
If we didnt start the fire who did ?... wait dont tell me It was a Poptart and a toaster right ? 
is contemplating one of the biggest decisions of his life . 
This is a case were I hope week before vacation syndrome does NOT set in . 
Who actualy knew that sputnik meant satalite in russian ? 
Yay not being home for my birthday two years running . Can i go for the trifecta next year ? 
HOME ! its nice to be back . Had an exhausting yet fun week on ASP . 
I dont understand people ! I under stand that you go to a water park to get wet . But I dont under stand why you would wait out two thunderstorms to stay there when you could have saved the money and stood in the rain at home !!! 
< PROPMALE > and Re < PROPMALE > are in a boat < PROPMALE > falls out whos left ??? 
I dont think this week could possibly go any slower . 
Is re-watching the movie that terorized him as a kid ... 
Its not as scary the second time through ... ( see previous status ) 
What is with movie aliens haveing problem with water ... War of the Worlds micr o-o rganisms cause them to die , signs its basicly acidic , and now planet 51 it rains rocks ... 
Well Three men walk into a bar one ducks ... 
Why do we yell Geronimo when sky diving ? I mean what did an indian chief have to do with jumping out of plains ??? 
I love it when people argue on my status ... 
Why can't it be Football season yet !!!!!!!!! 
Just found out i'm 11th in school history in triple jump ... 
Gahhhhhhhhhhh thank you Mr. Snyder for playing the old slinky and fritos comercials in class . Now i think theywill be stuck there forever ... 
Those coming to our aorsoft battle tomorrow should be pleasently suprised with our little twist for tomorrow ... 
I got a new dog !!! 
Last Day of work tomorrow 
Nothing like the fire alarms randomly going off at 11:45 at night ... 
IS enjoying his first free weekend in a long time ... 
Facebook just tried to get me to befriend myself when I tried to go to my profile < PROPFEMALE > ... How does that work ? 
You know it feels great still being asleep when a school bus goes by when you know that you don't have to ride it ever again ... 
Day 1 : Homework :/ 
WHY CANT PHILOSOPHERS SAY WHAT THEY MEAN INSTEAD OF TALKING IN CIRCLES TILL YOUR HEAD FEELS LIKE IT WILL EXPLODE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Poli < PROPMALE > homework done ... FINALY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ITS ALMOST FOOTBALL SEASON !!!!! WOO HOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 
6hrs andtwenty minutes to kick off . GO PITT !!!!!! 
Football finaly 
Over time loss to a teamthat has a 17now 18 game home win streak ... i'll take it ( probably the hardest opening oppent out of anyone ) . Once they started throwing they looked good . 
I will never under stand facebooks news feed ... 
Windows 7 doesnt have paint ... what is this world coming to . 
Saints Vikeings Vikeings Saitnts ... who would have thought it would beso hard to choose who to root for in the season opening game for the NFL . 
Oh theres nothing like the sound of jets flying 600knots right above your head ... 
Historical jokes arelost on my mother ... 
Appearently there's an NCIS marathon today ... 
cant figure out why the cheering is louder when something good happens to the Steelers when then for the Titanas ... 
Rhetorical Analysis oh how i loath thee . 
\Good times never felt so go ... I believed they never would\ " 1 day and counting ... " 
2 hours 
has motivation to do very well this year at college ... thus the reason he skipped lunch to work on his comp paper . 
Has no clue how to change his profile from saying hes still in high school ... 
So Mocha caught a chipmonk ... 
I love this weather ... 
Ok seriously when in the majority of our careers will we EVER have to do rhetorical analysis ... i hate it . 
boredom spur creativity ... 
So i saw this comercial were a leaf blow accidently turns into a flame thrower and i find my self thinking \i want the leaf blower ... \"" 
FedEx+Flight = WILSON !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Google is my spellcheck ... 
HOping today can't get any worse ... woe up deaf in my left ear and then i couldn't find my wallet , both are stil a problem . 
I can feel my pulse in my elbow ... weird . 
Today was a good day PITT anihilated Rutgers ... oh and wvu LOST !!! 
Flag Football game today cancelled to day do to rain ... go figure . 
Pitt victory = 3-0 in BigEast . Louisville may have lost but there their captain's are high class . Pittbrings a honorary captain onto the feild for home games , this week a little girl , both captains from louisville shake her hand before and after the coin toss and talk to her when they could have ignored her . 
Snow on Saturday ... Seriously ? uhg . 
... 
It's supprising how much faster you can type after spending every waking moment of your free time for the last week sitting at a computer working in a paper ... 
I love MapQuest ... 
Four days till thanksgiving break ... 
If at first you don't succeed ... skydivings not for you . 
The week hasn't started and im already ready for break , this is going to be the longest two days of my year so far follow , most likely , by the shortes 5 or 6 days ... 
Wow WVU's first real touvhdown ... Way to beat youself PITT . 
PITT now with a record of 6-5 and4 out of thosefive we beat ourselves ... 
I will bet that Conneticut come outof nowhere to win the Big East ths year ... it would be fitting for how strange this seasons gone . 
< PROPMALE > who ??? 
Love when my nose randomly starts bleeding in the middle of a movie ... 
First day o fdecember and i spend it sick ... 
Back to classes tomorrow :D 
Love going t class only to findout its been canceled ... 
I spend about as much time during steelers ravens games watching the game as i do trash talking < PROPFIRST > Flacco ... I really dislike that guy !!! 
I realize im probably going to take alot of flak on saying this ... but i am already sick of all this snow ... 
Ok now i really wish i had thatmalfunctioning flame spiting leaf blower , it would be nice to de-ice the driveway .... 
Sunday was the day of rest Now its one more day for progress And we can't slow down Cause more is best It's all an endless process ... \ 
finals week 
Finals week shall comence in t-minus 34hrs . 
Wow i actualy just forgot how old i was ... 
So I think i just technicaly black mailed < PROPMALE > Wyant ... 
There should be a national hug a stressed colege studnet week or month , not just a day ... 
Almost done , final final of the symester at 8:30 ... 
work 3-7 then i'm done with my firstsymester of college 
So i have 332 pictures and non that were taken out doors during the winter ... wow . 
Hello Christmas break !!!! 
Just unbarried my room of a symesters worht of discarded papers ... 
I feel like spending mostof my dayoutside tomorrow ... we'll see how long that lasts . 
I'm accident prone ... 
12 hours of sleep ... yeah just woke up . 
So i have slept for ruffly one day already this week ... 
Note-to-self : NEVER beat Dad at board games if you savor your life ... 
CHOCOLATE COVERED ESPRESSO BEENS !!! 
In 2010 , there were 85 Firefighters , 39 EMS practitioners , and 165 police officers killed in the line of duty . Re-post this if you are a Firefighter , EMT , Paramedic , Law Enforcement Officer ; or love one , appreciate one , or just want to take a moment to say ' Thank You!' 
Begining of Second Semester ... kinda feels like the start of a whole new school year , that only lasts 4 months 
RIch-Rod fired from Michigan ... FINALY 
Why can't it be spring already , sonow is over rated 
I could go for a Doughnut right about now ... 
So far i'm not likingg this years playoffs . 
So i dont think its a good sign when my college cancels its evening/night classes ... 
Yeah clases in the snow ... driving should be \fun \"" 
Driveing o bad roads twice in one day is kinda rediculous ... as a result it just adds to how much i LOATH this weather ( mainly the white stuff falling from the sky) !!!! 
yay day two of driving in this mess . 
I officialy hate people who set fireworks off in the middle of the day .! 
This week went sooooooo slow . Workwent even slower do to hte fact that they are turning the library into a banquet hall basicaly ... including clue-esk candle sticks . 
In between the lines there's a lot of obscurity\ 
I'm not inclined to resign to maturity\ 
If it's all right , then you're all wrong\ 
Why bounce around to the same damn song\ 
You'd rather run when you can't crawl\ 
\ 
I know , you know , that I'm not telling the truth\ 
I know , you know , they just don't have any proof\ 
Embrace the deception , < PROPFEMALE > how to bend\ 
You're worst inhibitions tend to psych you out in the end 
Officialy finished eating his \one gallon per week quota\ " of chocolate ice cream ... " 
Loves coming home and hearing eat your chicken ... hates hearing once he's done with said chicken \G out side and shovel in the -1 degree wind chill \"..." 
WOW My profile views are : 82649\ 
Girls Views : 32981\ 
Boys Views : 49668\ 
Check yours at http://apps.facebook.com/urprofilednum/ 
Pittsburgh international airport anounces the grounding of all flights from New York to < PROPFIRST > ... 
I hate the feeling of knowing that you could have stoped something from happening if you had been there ... 
This snow turns to slush and then freezes almost instantaneously when compactected ... 
Some how managed to inhale and choke on three snowflakes walking to my car from the library after work ... 
hopefulythe roads aren't to icey if at all 
10am class canceled work at 2 and then class at 4 ... my own mini day off . 
I feel like i was ran over by The Bus for some reason ... 
Thunder ? 
You know you have messed up weathefr when you wake up to a thunder storm , leave for school with 43 degree temps , come back and its snowing , and you look out the window not knowing what to expect next ... 
Debating on going out runing/ wondering in the woods after class ... 
So a guy at eat-n-park asked me as i was leaving how tall i was and if i played for Michigan ( I had on my Michigan hoody ) and i told him no and that i actualy went to Pitt ( Greensburg ) . While walking out to the car i tur to my mim and say \ wouldn't it be kind of strange if I played basketball for Michigan and was eating in W . < PROPFEMALE > in the middle of basketball season ... " 
YOU !!! You are still dangerous ... But you can be my wingman any time . \ 
Bull Sh ** ... you can be my wing man ... 
LETS GO PENS !!!... starting tomorrow . 
Ok footballs over so what know ? \ 
ITS HOCKEY TIME !!! LETS GO PEN !!!!! 
A man walks in to abar and orders a glass of what . The bartender intern pulls out a shotgun and fires a shot barely mising the mans head . THe man says thank you and tios the bartender and walks out ... Why the thank and the tip ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is my newhockey hero !!!! 
Love getting a random headache that is super sensitive to sound ... 
Note to self : Takeout contacts before going to bed . 
Dieser Schnee ist der Teufel , den er weggehen muss 
Kinda wish UPG had a track team ... 
Rain ... well its better than snow . 
One week then a week off , then a month(or two ) and then finals ... 
Really liking this thunderstorm ! 
So a test this past monday , two papers do thursday and a test friday ... this is becoming a really fun week . 
Getting a nose bleed in the middle of your comp class tendsto make a day seem more interesting ... 
Papers done , for te most part , all thats left to worry about is test Friday and then I can relax . 
Detective fiction Profesor lets us out of class early today ... just in time to go walk the dogs . yay ... 
It amazes me all the stuff you can findwhen you google yourself ... in my case mainly old high school track stats ... 
T . G . I . SB !!!!!! 
Needs his ice cream fix ... 
Ich bin hungrige Zeit , Nahrung zu finden . 
“Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few”\ 
\ 
- < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Great job cast crew and pit of West Side story and congratulations ! You guys were amazing !!! 
Looneytoons on catoon network !!! I miss thise good ol days ... 
SO that weather wasthe highlight of my day ... enjoyed sitting in my living room watching hail pelt my car ( not ) and seeing the skylight up an eerieshade of purple everytime lightning struck , for not seeing that every day it was kinda fun to watch from the safety of my house . 
Tomorrow has the potential to be a really good day . 
What a day to forget a jacket ... :/ 
Have to wake up at six what ever tomorrow to get inorder to boared a bus to Harrisburg ... 
