I think that i have the best friends right now thanks guys . 

is moving in less than 2 months ... how come I have a feeling that these next 2 months are going to fly by ? 
ok so im getting ready to leave soon ..... i feel super nervous !!!! god i wish < PROPMALE > was soming with me at least ugh ... oh well i guess . 
ok so we made it to texas last night yay ! 
ok well not yay but i was so tired getting here was like yay the drive is over .... im still really tired i dont think that ive recovered from the drive yet 
ugh i really miss < PROPFEMALE > right about now . 
so got sirus to school on time today yay me couldnt have him late for the first day .... and cant wait to pick him up in in like an hour =) 
okay so im up got sirus ' lunch packed now i just need that cup of coffee before I walk him to school . 
yeah i soooooo need to go to sleep ! 
ok for the most part i actually like texas i def dont live in a crappy area . my kids are lovin it to . Well I guess i'll find out how much I like it once y vacation is over on tues and I start at the new store ( yikes) ! 
has been looking a tschools all day .... I'm tired . 
is thinking about buying a mac .... still undecided though 
Bought a rabbit it today ... kinda a spur of the moment thing . Named it < PROPFEMALE > woodstock . The dude at the shop said he thought it was a girl and well we kind of cant tell so it has a girl andboy name ... yep all grounds covered 
I know it is kinda far away , but I can't wait until Halloween !! 
is beat ... i think my brain overloaded ... ugh 
Sirus has a loose tooth !!!!!! His first one ! 
loves the rain ! as long as I'm not working ... rain seems to hurt business .. but since I am off today yea !!!! 
omg Sirus lost his tooth today at school ! Its really weird but the tooth is so small its kinda cute ... Guess the tooth < PROPFEMALE > will be paying him a visit tonight ! 
wow there really is a St. Olaf minnasota ! how funny is that ! Population of the town in 2000 was 332 ! closest walmart is 15 miles ..... ok im done 
is soooo ready for it to be Halloween already ! 
has a serious headache .... 
had an awesome time trick or treating with the kids ! I'm sooo beat ! 
will have my own apartment soon ! 
really likes her new apartment ! 
finally got my cable ! now I can quit sponging ogg the neighbor's internet . 
Do I really really have to go to work today ? I don't wanna . 
is happy Im off today ! the first time I've had two days off in a row since I moved to texas 
ok I got one final done for one class ..... one more to go , but i am sooo doing it another day 
Ok , I actually can't believe that I finished both of my final projects . Thank god I am finally done . 
ok ... so I talked to my ex today and he was talking about moving to be closer to his kids .... WTF ? This just doesn't seem like it will turn out to be good . 
is baking chocolate chip cookies with the kids ! 
is really tired i don't know how i am going to make it through today . 
god think this time tomorrow i will still be at work ..... working until 10pm is going to suck 
ok so I'm off to work ... have to be there till 10 .. this is going to blow . 
ok it's late just finished cleaning my apartment soooooooooo ............. time for bed 
seriously .... today had been like the worst day ever . 
Got all my christmas shopping done ... spending that much money in one spot though kills me .. ugh , but the kids will be happy . 
merrry christmas to everyone who cares 
i just saw my electric bill .... omg . 
ok so I am just curious . Why are there hoodies with no sleeves or short sleeves ? Doesn't that make wearing a hoodie pointless ? 
is really upset ax7's drummer died 
is so glad this is the last day of the year . had a lot a good times but i just think that the bad weighed out this year .... so I'm hoping for a little less bad next year . 
I feel like crap .... glad I'm off tomorrow . I hope I can sleep some of this sickness off . 
is actually thinkning that < PROPMALE > and my mom should take a bus here instead of me and the kids going to < PROPFEMALE > on a plane . 1 ) planes are way too expensive for the 3 of us . 2 ) buses are cheaper . and 3 ) my mom can get a round trip ticket and < PROPMALE > can get a one way ticket for the price it would cost me and the kids to get a one way ticket to < PROPFEMALE > . I def think that they should come to me instead of me coming to them 
sometimes I just feel like packing my shit an moving back to < PROPFEMALE > . Its just one thing after another i just cant seem to get anything to go right . 
ok so i got both of my kids asleep before 8:30 thats got to be a record for me ! 
ugh its too early to be awake . I think I got spoiled while Sirus was on winter break . They went to be so early last night I should have gone to bed early too ! 
Wow the apartment building next to me ( i am so close i could throw a rock and hit the building ) caught on fire .......... 
just had the besrt breakfast ever ... I must say i think that i am a pretty good cook ! 
ok why is everyone posting colors in their status ? did i miss something here ? 
I need to be sleeping ! .... but i can't! I need to be getting ready for work in about 5 hours . Can't wait until March . I guess these next two months are going to be the LONGEST two months of my life ! 
To all you mommies out there , join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ? Sirus 7ibs 8oz , < PROPFEMALE > 6lbs 15oz 
is getting ready to go get sirus from school . 
trying to get kids to clean is like pulling teeth from a wild animal ... seriously 
seriously i don't mind the beatles .. i actually really like them . but seriously at 10pm when I am trying to KEEP my kids asleep you need to knock that shit off ! 
is tired and wants to go to sleep , but i ahev this homeowkr assignment i need to get finished ... sigh 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status and fight stupidity ? 
ok so who plays the zoo world game ? i need some of the people to play the application so i can adopt a sea turtle so i can make it to the next level . I have one i need 2 and i can only get it from the feed . 
seriously i dont think that i can take anymore dissapointments 
seriously i had to wiggle the charger cord for my phone to charge !? reallly this sucks . some days I hate cell phones . 
its offical I am not going to < PROPFEMALE > in march 
I'm just tired of randomness in my life . For once , just once , i would like the pieces to stay where I put them instead of dancing some litttle jig that just messes everything up . Screw you pieces ..... screw you . 
Seriously whoever invented APA format and APA citations needs to be shot . Well I'm sure he's dead by now but still ........... 
is getting ready ( or at least intending to ) take the kids to my friends house so i can go to work ..... my closing day yea =/ 
So I really want this pair of pants but .... they are $90 .... I guess I'll just keep wanting 
just saw my electric bill ..... OMG 
ok so I have most of this stupid essay done . It was suppose to have it turned in sunday but whatever . I have until wed until it wontt be accepted . I think I will finish the rest tomorrow . I'm thinking about bed right now . 
OMG am I finially done with my essay ? Can it be true ? yes .. yes I am . THANK GOD .... but in writing this essay , I have come to think that I have a slight case of ADD . 
Is baking a cake with < PROPFEMALE > while sirus is in the bath tub . almost bed time . i think i can make it ... well when it is bed time i wont wanna sleep . 
Soooooooooooo I was looking on petedge and I see that they have a 5 speed clipper .... I REALLY want it , but they cost $200 ... do I really feel like spending that much money for my job ? 
So I just had the worst day ever . My car totally crapped out ... timing belt ... thanks to everyone that helped me though . Taking a truck and pushing my car down frankford was scary yet some how fun . Well anyway here's hoping that I can get it fixed in the next couple of days . 
will hopefully be getting my car fixed tomorrow thank god ... i really need to get < PROPFEMALE > to a dentist 
is soooooooooooooo stressed ! can i cry about it now 
Don't really feel like closing again . why the hell am I always closing ? 
I am almost completely done with both of my finals for tomorrow . I just have a couple more things to do and I'm done . but for now I feel like my brain is fried and I can't think anymore tonight . So a couple of hours after I get off work tomorrow ( closing again fml ) and I will be done . Which should be just in time because both finals are due tomorrow . I am such a procrastinatior . 
So I am finally done with my finals for these classes . Thank god ! But alas , it is only a little relief , becuase I start my new classes tomorrow . I get no break ! 
Omg just got a look at my work for the first week of my new classes .... fml 
I GOT MY COUCH !!!! Finally I'm beyond happy at the moment ! 
Is tired but I can't sleep fml 
peanut butter off the spoon and coffee this morning .... just what i needed . now all i have to do is make it through today . 
Ok so I made it through today but just barely . I miss my old coworkers , coworkers here are alright but noone is like you guys . I miss my friends , my mom josue ... I just want to go home . 
Slept all morning now I can't sleep ... oh well might as well do part of tomorrow's homework then . 
ugh I don't feel like doing this hw assignment .... it's too much boring shit to do at once ... plus I'm tired 
12 days until I see my mom ! First time since I left I can't wait . 
ugh my car just broke down .... the radiator just completely cracked ..... fuck 
well the good news is my baby sitter's husband was able to fix my car today ! i mean 3 ppl that need to get to work and only one car , so I really couldn't wait to fix the car . So hopefully nothing else will break down now . (^.^) 
I am finally caught up on my homework that I couldn't get done , because the dog chewed the power cord . Sooooooo got a new power cord , got my homework done ... thank god . And Sirus just got over being sick , and now < PROPFEMALE > is sick ... I wonder after < PROPFEMALE > is over it will I be sick ? 
I am so tired ! I can't wait for my mom to get here tomorrow yay !!! But , for tonight homework then bed . 
I'm really tired don't wanna be awake . Upside to that is my mom will be here tonight ! 
just got home from picking up my mom ... thanks for being so negative < PROPMALE > 
today was the worst day ever .... all I have to say is fml ... thank you . 
Omg am I finally caught up home work ? Am I really ? I can't believe it . 
Soooooooooo here I am working on my final essay , and it is on Hispanic Civil Rights . Things said about the Hispanic race make me realized that we can be pretty fucked up . 
So , I am finally caught up on all my assignemts ... thank god ...... I am actually suprised I survived my life this week with school and work on top of it ..... I am not sure if I am looking forward to next week . 
why the hell is it so cold tonight ? wtf ? 
Sigh .... I hate these apartments . I could punch the manager in her face seriously . It'd make me feel better , but it wouldn't be worth it . FML . 
I am finally caught up on my homework ( aside from the assignment that was too late to turn in ) .... only took me 4 hours to do it . 
omg stayed up late doing my powerpoint for a computer class .. How do computers work ? Let's see you plug the power cord into a power outlet , hit the on button ..... I don'tknow how I am going to make it through today ...... 
ok so I found out that they now how shift work sleep disorder .... seriously ?????? Why does every single ailment need a diagnosis ? So since I prefer to be up at night and would rather sleep during the day ( when I work ) , does this mean I have this problem ? I think not ...... 
I love watching that 70s show ! 
I have to say that since I am here all alone in Texas ( aside from my babies ) I had a great mother's day with great friends . So .... today was a win ! 
ugh guess I should quit procrastinating and get to this 1000 word essay huh ? 
I really really love my carpet cleaner ........ it's awesome ! 
Seriously there isn't going to be any rain here tonight ? That is so dissapointing . This \spring\ " has been so dissapointing . * sigh * " 
God I feel so sick today ..... uh hope I feel better tomorrow . 
Ugh .... seriously stressed at work today . The bright side is I made $200 . 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... still feel like I am forgetting something .................... 
ugh today just didnt want to end ...... 
The average child is more likely to own a cell phone than a book ... I guess that would explain why he's average- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
well tonight was unproductive . I didn't get any homeowrk done .... crap . 
is sitting here thinking about doing the rest of my homework .... I am just so far behind I feel unmotivated . 
ugh my back hurts ........ 
I really really want to go to the body exhibit .... At least i have until August . 
12:30 seems like a good time to go to bed today .......... probably won't sleep much though . I am kinda stressed about finals coming up .... severly stressed about it . PLus I have 2 more papers due even before then .... fml . 
ok seriously ... why does every website I find that looks like it might contain something i need ... I have to pay for . SERIOUSLY !! 
Ok so with the information I found using the college library , I have one question .... why is all the information the same ? It doesn't matter that it is worded differently because it doesn't help me !!!!! Ugh i can't even bs this crap . 
I miss my puggy :( 
Oh I am soooo tired .... Do I have to do this homework ? Does anyone feel like doing it for me ? 
is at the park with the sirus , vida , lily and amaya feeding the ducks , fish and turtles bread ... and yes even the turtles are eating bread . 
Ahhhhh I love coffee ! 
I made some chicken pot pie today yummy ! Glad I don't have to worry about anyone eating the leftovers ! I know the kids will want more later :) 
God ~ just had the 2nd biggest dissapointment ever . 
Is going to bed .... might as well try to sleep . 
OMG ! I am never going to get this hw done , and I won't be able to go anywhere tomorrow ! UGH !..... stressed ! 
Phew ! Done with the assignments due today ..... Now all I have to worry about is that 1100 word paper due on Sunday ... Looks like I won't get to see any fireworks this Sunday ... Oh well . 
Thanks everyone for all the Happy Birthdays ! I had an awesome day ! Especially thanks to < PROPFIRST > for giving me a great birthday ! 
So .... Vida almost pulled my piercing out .... it hurts like hell now ..... 
Ugh ...... 
There are some people in this world that just should not sing . 
OMG ! I found all the < PROPFIRST > brothers costumes for the kids on halloween ! I love amazon .... 
I just found out they have the shreck the musical ... I wanna take the kids . 
I have ultimately decided that my bedtime is between 2am and 3 am .... normally . There are some days that I will make an exception . 
OMG I got my two huge assignments turned in on time ! Doesn't matter that I got the last one turned in 2 minutes before it was due ...... it was still on time ! 
I am sooooo tired , but I still fail to find sleep .... as always 
YAY ! My car is fixed ! 
So yay ! I made it ! I have to say that the drive was worse this time than it was the first time ... for the time being I am glad that it is over . 
I had a lot of fun with my < PROPFEMALE > friends tonight ! 
Today has def been draining for me 
Today is < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday , I can't belive that she is five ! Happy Birthday to my munchkin ! 
soooo ... here I am back in Texas to my dingy apt . I MISS EVERYONE back home . Oh well back to reality now I guess . 
its official I cant find the charger for my camera ... I must have left it ..... crap . 
Ok so everyone is talking about this mosque being built close to the world trade center site . I was in NY last week and seriously where the hell are they planning on putting it ? Everything is so crammed together I don't see how they are going to fit it ... unless it is really small . Plus we shouldn't punish a whole religous group because of a few zealots . 
OMG I'm tired ... and I HAVE to finish the one of my finals tonight . 
I finished one of my finals yay ! Now all I have left is the power point final ....... 
I just have to make it through today then I have 2 weeks off ..... stupid power point :( 
YAY I am done with my finals ! Now I get two weeks off from school . YAY ME ! 
i feel sad ... the kids first day back at school 
Ahhhhhh computer games how I have missed you ! 
Man I love school schedule for the kids . Both of them were out by 830 . Once daylight savings time hit they are so going to bed as soon as it gets dark . That is going to be sooo nice . 
Day 7 of work ..... I can not wait until tomorrow .. My first day off . Hurry up already ! 
ahhhhhhhhhhh today was such a great day off ! caught up on sleep , got some housework done .. nice ............ 
Please let Saturday be busy , Please let saturday be busy ........... 
yay ! I finished putting new music on my ipod . Too bad I don't have a long enough drive to listen to it at once . 
OMG I think I left my phone at < PROPFIRST>'s house . I cant find it anywhere ! 
Sooooooooooo I downloaded an alarm to my computer . Here's hoping it works ! 
Yay ! Got my new phone . 
going to the movies ! 
YAY I'm off tomorrow ! I love having off at least one day that my kids have off . 
I love having sundays off with the kids . 
awwww the tickets for the concert went up ! Disappointing ! 
Oh homework how I hate you so ..... 
So yay ! I finished my homeowrk assignment that is due friday and already turned it in .... so yay me . I also got 2 chapters from one class read and one chapter from the other class ... so ini my case I am ahead of schedule :) 
I love rain ! I was going through withdrawl there for a while . I'm glad we are getting so much of it ! Too bad it effects work , but you know what ? I don't care ! I LOVE rain ! 
I'm tired . I just have to wait for this load of clothes to finish washing . Then clothes in dryer and me in bed . 
OMG I am soooo tired ! I finished my homework for the night ( thank god ) , and I will hopefully be able to force myself into bed shortly . 
Happy Grandparent's Day to my mom ! 
sitting at fridays with patricia ........ good times 
I love rain ! I'm so glad that I was off and was able to enjoy it ! 
I Hope that today is a pretty decent day at work today . 
I am sooooooooooooo glad that I am off tomorrow ! 
so here Caty and I are watching a rerun of the VMAs and I'm watching the Linkin Park performance and all I have to say is god damn wtf ? What happened ! 
ugh .... I'm so glad today is over . Today has just been .... bleh . 
I am sooooo freaking tired ! 
I had more homework than I thought I did ...... guess I will not be sleeping tonight ! 
Yes I am finally done ! 2000 words later ... my brain is tired . The sad part is that I'm not tired enough to go to sleep . I guess that I can find something mundane enough to bore myself into sleep . 
OMG ! What a crazy day ! 
I have decided that I'm going to take the kids to the state fair this year . I was on the fence about it because of money and whatnot , but the school gave all the students free tickets ! 
I hate doing power points . 
Soooooooooooooo .... I keep reading that selective breeding is unethical in humans . The more I people watch the more I think that there should be a test for having kids . 
I am looking for a great day off tomorrow with the kids ! 
why is it so cold this morning ! 
School pictures tomorrow for the kiddies ! I hope they turn out well ! 
Why does it seem like the more I wash laundry the more there is ? Can't I for one freaking day have no clothes to wash ? Is that so much to ask for ? 
I wish we were getting some of the rain that VA is getting .... I miss rain ! 
Why the hell am I so irritated today ? 
Its amazing how much time I can wasted reading cracked.com . I just freaking love it ! 
I have decided that it is official ..... I don't like people . 
Sooooooooooooo .... Sirus decided to wipe mustard on my wall that is painted with non washable paint .... * sigh * 
Okay , I got all my big point assignments turned in ... thank god ......... I still missed one assignment this week , but 3 out of 4 papers turned in is not bad . At least I am going to keep telling myself that . 
I think that I am going to slack on homework tonight and turn in early ... I'm tired . 
I guess midnight is a good as time to start homework as any . 
Sooo < PROPFEMALE > is running a fever again . Poor thing looks so miserable . No school for her today . 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > . She looks so miserable ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > still has a temp . I feel a little worried so I called the hospital and explained that my daughter has had an up and down temp for over 24 hours . You know what they told me ..... if her temp gets to over 103 bring her in . There isn't much the doctor will do until then ...... FUCKING REALLY ! 
I've come to the conclusion that I am destined to be a head case . 
So i think < PROPFEMALE > is feeling a little better ... still not eating anything though . I also just found out her friend from school is sick too , and hasn't been at school the last couple of days either . I guess it is what is going around ....... 
I have the headache from hell right now ugh .................. 
I love the weather today ! It is soooo nice . I would normally be wishing that it was raining , but we are slow enough at work without the rain . 
Big Time Rush is going to be at Walmart this Friday for a signing ! Sooooo guess where the kids and I will be on Friday !? 
How come I have this feeling that I am going to be very stressed tomorrow ? I know everything is planned out on how it's going to work out , but everytime anything is ever planned something always goes wrong ... oh well I guess tomorrow will tell . Annnnnnnnnnd I suspose that I am a little excited too . I think the kids excitement is rubbing off on me . 
omg im soooooo tired . why the hell am i up ??? ob yeah thats right ...... i must be nuts what was i thinking ? 
okkkkkkk so here < PROPFIRST > , my kids , and i ate waiting for big time rush to come out so we can get started on this shit ... im tired of waiting already !!!! 
Omfg . I am soooo tired ! Today was a little stressful , but everything worked out . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for coming with me for the eons of waiting we had to do today ( it went by soooo much faster ) , and for helping me with < PROPFEMALE > in my extreme tiredness ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > for watching the kids so I could get the wristbands for the signing ! It was awesome , everything worked out , the kids loved it ! I think it was all worth it . 
ugh I guess I need to start on this homework that I don't want to do . I just don't wanna ! 
ugh .... I feel like crap . I hope this doesn't last . 
ok so I am seriously wondering how all these CRAZY motherfuckers keep finding me . What the hell ? I mean do I have to fall off the face of the planet ? 
I have a few hopes for today . 1 . I hope I don't have to deal with crazies today . 2 . hope that Sirus doesn't run a fever bc Im sending him to school today ... he was fine yesterday . and 3 . I hope I don't forget Caty at < PROPFIRST>'s house again . 
Soooooooooo I have been working on putting away laundry for the last hour and a half . All i have left are undies and sock to put away , but i still have to wash towels and covers . * sigh * 
So yea ! I got my homeowrk assignments due tomorrow in today . So I will finish my homework this week by saturday , and I will have all day Sunday to work on my final . Two weeks until then .... I'm kinda freaking out about . Ok , freaking out is a little understated . 
Dear Petsmart , \ 
I fucking hate you . 
badideatshirts.com .... NICE ! 
Just ordered the kiddie's costumes ! I can't wait until Halloween ! One week from tomorrow ! 
I'm so glad that I have a mom that lets me know that I say possibly offensive things and not realize that they are potentially offensive to someone else .... thanks mom . 
I can't find my Yoshi shirt anywhere ? I mean really .... my apartment isn't that big . 
yay i got a paper done ! and i got a power point done . plus my discussion questions done . yay me ! now all i have left ...... is another paper .... and another power point .. And ...... i still have to write the rest on my questions for the interview . but for now bed .. 
TIRED !!!!! Doesn't even begin to describe it . 
Halloween ... YAY ! 
Just about ready to head over to < PROPFIRST>'s for some trick or treating ... Yay ! 
We all had a great time trick-or-treating , and I have to say that the weather was awesome ! 
I need to start working on these finals already ! But I don't wanna . It's a lot of work . 
My phone says rain tomorrow ! I hope it isn't lying to me . 
I love Sirus ' DSi ..... I think I might take it from him :) 
Sooo I just looked at my electric < PROPMALE > and it was $68 . How great is that !? 
So I'm watching one of those asian game shows where people have to use a pogo stick to get through an obstacle course .... Kind of interesting actually . 
Do I have to work tomorrow ? I don't want to . I think that I could go an extra day with out dealing with anybody ... actually I know I could . 
Soooooooooooo lets see if I can finish at least one final tonight ... and go ... 
Soooooooooooooo now I'm just waiting for my paper to finish being sent through the plagarism checker and the I can post it . I know my paper is fine , but it is always a good thing to check . 
ugh one more finl to go . Lets see if I can get at least half of it done tonight so I can have some sort of life tomorrow . 
I told < PROPFEMALE > that I was working on my homework , and she handed me a piece of paper with a whole bunch of random letters on it . She told me she did some of my homework for me so I didn't have some much to do ...... if that isn't cute I don't know what is ! 
So I am finally done . My last final was something like 4300 words . So glad I am done . Downside : I have to start new classes tomorrow . 
So I am looking at my new classes tonight and one geology is pretty much wahtever . noooo problem . Looking at my other class Photoshop , and digital imaging class ... I wanna cry . Omg I don't know how I am going to survive that class . 
I suppose that since my homework is done ( for the moment anyway ) and my apartment is clean that i should be heading to bed . It's just so hard to go to sleep when I'm not tired . 
Soooo I really like using the google chrome browser . It's actually kinda cool . 
Copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't repost this ... Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face . 
ughhhhhh 
I wish it would rain since it's my day off tomorrow . 
At school waiting for < PROPFEMALE>'s play to get startes . She looks so beautiful in her dress . 
I got all my change wrapped so yay ! 
I'm tired , but not tired enough to go to sleep . What am I suppose to do now ? 
I had a great day at traders village with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids . Plus ny home work is done sooo YAY ! 
hmmm not sure I still wanna get < PROPFEMALE > a doll house for Christmas ..... Ugh I just can't decide !!! 
Watching bedknobs and broomsticks . I love this movie ! 
OMG ! I found a store in Grand Prairie that sells nothing but old video games and systems ! Guess what I will be doing this weekend ? 
UGH ! PhotoShop is so freaking hard ! I hate it ! Just fucking hate it ! 
Is there any particular reason that I should care how volcanoes are formed ? Answer : NO ..... there is no reason what-so-ever , and this class is stupid . 
Why is it so < PROPFEMALE > ? Why is < PROPFEMALE > getting all this rain since I moved to Texas ? Why can't I sleep ? Oh wait ..... that's normal for me never mind . 
I am so fucking pissed ! < PROPFEMALE > fell at school , and got a pretty nasty bruise . They didn't call me , and they didn't even send her to the fucking nurse ! I'm going to the school first thing tomorrow and giving them a piece of my mind .... 
Ok . So I am almost caught up on my homework . I have one last assignment that is late , but I think I am going to wait until tomorrow to do it . < PROPFEMALE > isn't going to school tomorrow . She hasn't been herself since Tuesday when she got hurt , and ugh so frustrating . Stupid school . So I'm going to let < PROPFEMALE > have a 3 day weekend . Hopefully she will be better by Monday . 
Yea ! I finally found Sirus a pair of < PROPFEMALE > Wars PJs . Now both kids have pjs for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > /morning . They are the only present they can open Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
storage unit check , insurance check . finished packing .... not checked 
What am I doing awake right now ? I guess that's what I get for trying to go to bed early . 
Three more days of work . I am soooo ready for a day off ! 
about to wrap the rest of the christmas presents 
Omg I can't go back to sleep what's wrong with me !!!???? 
Omg I really want the < PROPMALE > Mars cd ! 
Why do I feel so down ?? * sigh * 
Go to freaking sleep Flaur ! God what's wrong with you ?.... Oh yeah insomnia sucks 
Ugh I can't freaking wait until March ! Only a month and a half left till I go to VA . Once again I can't freaking wait . 
Yay for early morning rain ! Or late night rain . I guess it all depends on perception . 
I love rainy weather days ! There aren't enough days like these in Texas . Today was soooo nice ! 
Ugh almost done with one final ... then I have one more . 
Getting ready to see Saw . Hell yeah for the dollar movies ! 
Yay I'm finally done with these two stupid classes ! 
Yay ! I got a B- in my photoshop class ! 
soooooooooo I guess i don't know how to simplify fractions .... 
Can't wait ' till March ! going to spend almost half of it in Va and then back to Texas in a new apt ! I'm actually excited ! Just keep telling yourself Flaur ..... 39 more days .... 
Ugh it's soooo cold ! I don't wanna go anywhere ! 
It's snowing .... in fucking Texas .... ugh 
homework done ..... for now 
My brain is tired 
Pokepark is such a cute game ! 
Is beyond sad .... poor < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Seriously why would someone steal someone elses ' dogs ????????? =( 
I just bought a pokemon game ! 
is thinking about going back to bed 
Awwww pokewalker is still missing ! 
I dropped my phone in apple juice ........ I'm sad =( 
Ugh ... why won't sleep come to me .... seriously . I should feel tired already . 
Just downloaded Celebi ..... god I'm a nerd 
Ugh ....... why am I so tired ???! I guess I need to go and finish these last 2 dogs ....... 
Only infreaking Texas could it go from raining and clody to warm and < PROPFEMALE > 
I have the worst headache ever ....... 
I will now offically be in < PROPFEMALE > in less than 2 weeks ! I'm excited ! 
Dear car , \ 
I wish that I could live without you . You cost me too much money . You suck . 
Is it Thursday yet ???????? These next five days are going to go by slowwwwwwlllllyyyyyy ! 
Washing clothes ..... fun times ..... at least my mama and < PROPMALE > will be here in 3 days ! < PROPFEMALE > in 6 days ! im freaking excited ! 
I am just < PROPFEMALE > excited I could burst .... cant sleep , but I'm tired ! 
I freaking love Texas weather at night .... 
omg my mom and < PROPMALE > leaving tomorrow ! I'm sooo excited ! 
is it thursday yet ???? 
Excited ! 
Sooooo they are already half way here ! yay ! 
Sooooo tired happy to be in va though 
man I'm still tired ! 
So < PROPMALE > and I are going to the Melting Pot tonight .... I'm excited ! 
ugh lost my phone wtf ? 
I'm so tired !!!!!! Been busy and kind of crazy since I got to < PROPFEMALE > . I feel sad I only have 2 more days here ....... I kind of wanna stay . 
So I'm leaving tomorrow ..... got a lot of things done , but not as much as I wanted . Didn't get to see everyone I wanted too .... sry guys .... 
I think that I have the worst headache ever 
I just can't look at math homework anymore ..... I quit . .... I'm just going to fail it anyway . 
back in texas .... back to work tomorrow ..... I miss my family already though ..... 
Ugh flat tire .... I am beginning to think that my car doesn't like me .... 
sooooooooooo I'm still working on this final ..... 
Done with all finals ! Yes I am so ready for a week off from school ! 
Ugh I guess I should go get these dogs done :/ 
trying to get everything for Sirus ' party , trying to get everything and everyone ready equals a very stressed Flaur 
kinda stressed 
Sitting outside the office bumming their internet ........ c'mon Wednesday ! 
I think < PROPMALE > is going to lose a hoodie .... well a wanna be hoodie since it doesn't actually have a hood , but I don't know what else to call it 
I'm suppose to get cable and internet today ! 
Yay Flaur has internet !.... and cable , but I'm mostly happy about the internet . 
Sooooooo I just finished making < PROPMALE > lunch for tomorrow bc I am so nice , and after playing around on the internet that I missed so much I guess it's time for homework . 
