Going camping with brandons family heck yeah !!!! Happy Fathers Day DAD I LOVE U ! 

Training for work at the counseling center ! I love kids !!!! 
Is soooo excited about pig wrestling next monday in worland . We are going to kick some ass ! Poker tonight too ! 
oh yeah oh yeah its pigwrestling tonight !!!! I cannot wait for this ! 
Im still a kid at heart i guess but we are playing hide and go seek tonight on my block if anybody wants to join us ! yay !!! 
just got done floating the river it was really nice and quiet .... now we are going to do some meditating to relax .... today was definitely a good day to relax fo sho ! 
Wow ! Whats going on with me ! lol Crazy days ! 
hmmm 2012 December 21st .... what is goin to happen after that day ? 
Goin to < PROPMALE > for a couple of days .... too bad we are goin on a monday cuz no dance clubs are open on a monday ! 
Go BEARS !!! 
Omg time to go to the doctor and get some medicine for my freakin cold that i have had for 2 weeks now .... uhhh i hate the doctor and the money its goin to cost me . On the brighter side of things a co worker is taking me to dinner tonight ! 
Workin pretty much all day from 8 till 8 wooo hoo !!! mo money ! 
BEARS WON AGAIN ! OH YEAH !! NEXT UP ATLANTA FALCONS they are goin DOWN 
Halloween will be soooo fun ! IM NOT GOING TO BE A BLONDE tho ! ha . ha I refuse ... no offense to blondes ha . ha . ha so if i am < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland i will have black hair just to clarify lol 
I'm babysitting some kids with swine flu tomorrow so wish me luck .... imma go there in a bubble suit ... ha . ha 
Bonfire wednesday night get ahold of me if you would like to attend ! 
I really really hope that paranormal activity the movie comes to thermop ! I'm armed and ready for the shit !!! lol 
I really really hope that paranormal activity the movie comes to thermop ! I'm armed and ready for the shit !!! lol 
ok sooo paranormal activity is not coming to thermop booo !! so im downloading it off the internet shhh ! ha . ha so if you want to watch it let me kno 
Im soooooo excited for Halloween !!! 
sooo paranormal activity totally dissappointed me !!!! It was not scary !! I'm sooo mad ! 
CHECK OUT MY PICS !!! 
oooh goodness its time for my next tattoo .... i have to find a bad ass picture of the Aquarius sign . sooo excited . TAT IT UP ! 
Mmm goin swimming in the hot pools tonight .... I can't wait .... it will feel sooooooo good ! 
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey . We are spiritual beings on a human journey . < PROPFIRST > Covey 
OMG ... I am working on an exercising plan for < PROPFIRST > n me .... wish us luck !! 
Omg it is < PROPFEMALE > cold ! My brother is joining the army ! Let go and let god right ? 
Going around the town tonight with my mom reilly < PROPFEMALE > and their kids to look at all the awesome houses that are decorated for xmas on the parade of homes tour ! should be nice and relaxing . 
I had another end of the world dream ! It was scarrry . Anybody else have dreams bout the world ending . In my dreams it always seems like I am there to bring people together but nobody wants to unify . Sad .... 
I had another end of the world dream ! It was scarrry . Anybody else have dreams bout the world ending . In my dreams it always seems like I am there to bring people together but nobody wants to unify . Sad .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! We had our first Christmas at my parents and played cards ... it was very lovely !!! Hope everyone else enjoys just as much as we did ! 
I hate deep cleaning my house ... but someones gotta do it ! lol 
We all tell ourselves lies ; we all have buried truths . Most of us fear revealing them even to ourselves . So we leave them buried and do whatever it takes to keep them there , sometimes forever . We forget the Pain to Power Principle that coming to grips with the truth , rooted in the past , is our greatest source of power . Turning pain into power means liberating ourselves from fiction and starting to live the truth . 
< PROPFIRST > Frost put it this way : Something we were withholding made us weakUntil we found it was ourselves . 
is all signed up for school ! school starts tuesday ! I cannot wait ! 
I received another call from one of those Jamaican lottery scams .... after I tell them to leave me alone and I know its not real ... they start saying nasty things to me and how they want to kill Americans . Ahhh .. they wont stop calling me ! 
I'm watching Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew ... its crazy ! ha . ha . ha 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Looong day today ... Im glad its almost over . Just waitin for the boyfriend to get home so we can watcha movie and relax ! 
Today Im thankful that I have morales Im glad that I wont look back on my life and wish that I didnt post naked pictures of myself on facebook haha not that I was going to but just glad happy I havent made too many bad choices in life A good friend once said that they wanted to be able to tell their children that they didnt do those bad things and that they could be proud rather than saying learn from my mistakes 
Is trying to figure out what to cook for dinner tonight .... hmm 
I have officially stopped smoking Cigarettes ! Hoping it will my cardio for when I start exercising . Goin on 3 days now ! 
Man , Facebook is < PROPFEMALE > unfunctional sometimes ! 
If your dad is your Hero , whether you are blessed to have him with you , or he has passed on , copy & paste this in your status & write his name -- John Maser !! BEST DAD EVER ! ? 
A little known fact .... The first testicular guard \Cup\ " was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . That means it took 100 years for man to realize that his brain is important as well ! ha . ha . ha !!!!!! " 
ok so < PROPFIRST > and i go to taco johns today and when we get home ... not all of our food was there . I go back down to taco johns and tell them . The kid gives me the rest of my food winks at me licks his lips and says you are hot !! EWWWW !!!!!!!! you think thats attractive . Damn ! Have some respect right ? 
Man .... I just do not understand why people do the things they do . Don't you learn your lesson the first couple of times . Why put yourself through it again ? AHHHH !! 
Spring cleaning and re arranging my house today ... its < PROPFEMALE > beautiful outside ... I have spring fever baaaddd !!! 
Watching Dirty Dancing with < PROPFEMALE > ha . ha worlds greatest movie ..... Have I ever said how much I looove me some < PROPFIRST > Swayze ( RIP ) ha . ha !! 
I had another crazy dream where my gramma came to visit me and said that yellowstone was erupting soon and that we needed to go to northeast Canada ... weird huh . 
Cannot wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home .... I'm hungry and ready to cook without him .. lol !! But I will wait ! 
Wow .... I just watched the movie \PRECIOUS\ " whoa ... man what has this world come to ? CRAZY people out there . " 
God is brining another angel to one of my friends ! Thank you GOD ! 
Thinking bout startin the HCG hormone Diet plan ... anybody have complaints about it 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are starting our workouts tonight ! wooohoo ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > excited to get into shape ... the goal is to lose 60 pounds in 6 months to beat my Dad and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well ... did my first work out tonight .... pretty awesome ! 
Did my yoga class tonight .... it was wonderful ! 
ehhh ... today is friday ... which means my monday ! I'm not ready to start over ! 
By the way ......... having a graduation dance for Gage's class .... anybody know some good Dj's ?? 
Oh man ! Back to work with the kiddos ! 
\What man is a man if he does not make the world better ? \"" 
Sometimes its hard to realize that you have to let go and let GOD . Glad I got to spend some time with my family recently ! Love you guys very much ! Thanks for all your support ! 
Tonight I'm cooking spicy stuffed peppers with garlic cheese bread ! mmmm ! 
Who the hell would want to wake in the morning feeling like P . Diddy . Icky he is < PROPFEMALE > ugly i would punch myself if I looked like him .. oh wait kinda looks like someone already did that to him . 
God sent me a blessing today and asked me to take care of someone who really needs me and I'm sooo excited ! 
Had a lot of fun last night ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > o proud to have a family and brother that are < PROPFEMALE > amazing ! Gage I love you and I'm going to miss the shit outta you ! Glad the BBQ went so good last night ! WE have < PROPFEMALE > oo much food left over . The lights turned out amazing last night ! I had a blast ! I love all my friends ... thanks for being < PROPFEMALE > supportive of our brothers graduating ! 
Gage is graduated ! yay ! I love him < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
ahhh just mowed my lawn ... pain in the ass it is ! I will be tan and buff this summer ! bahahahaha 
Goin to finish mowing the lawn soon ! Not real excited ... I have a lot of lawn and I'm sore from yesturday ! 
ahh Gage is gone ! This is hard ! 
June 30th Eclipse comes out and I'm < PROPFEMALE > excited to see it ! 
How does you hair stay healthy if you bleach it all the time ! My hair hair hates bleach ! bahahahaha Must be a sign from God 
This is month is already more relaxing ! yay ! My half sister is coming to stay with me in a couple weeks ... should be fun to get to know her a little bit ! 
Anybody want some kittens ? 
suppose to get severe lighting storms and hail 
Anybody know who was in the car accident last night ? Looked like outta towners .... but still might have family here or something . 
Goin to do some Tug o War tonight in the park ! Wish my team luck ! 
Goin tannin in my yard with Reilly and kids ! ha . ha should be awesome !!! 
Wrote a letter to Gage today after Receiving a letter from him ! Good to hear from him . 
Anybody wanna come to my jewelry party on June 30th at 630 .... just let me know ! 
My give a damn is busted ! bah ! ha . ha . ha . ha 
Anybody ever noticed how some people always have bad things happen to ' em or trouble seems to follow em . Those people seem to never have bad intentions upon anybody or anything they're just surrounded by negativity ? I believe U should never lose faith in GOD and keep positive thoughts because the min . U lose it those things will come right back to U ! Have seen it happen to people all the time . U must always be optimistic ! 
is watching halloweenII wow the new one is crazy ! I love this series ! 
Life feels wonderful right now ! 
wow ... being single is really crazy ! hard to adjust for sure . 
OMG I totally found someone that makes me smile everyday ... simply amazing . 
Life isn't an event or the hardships we go through ... its about what we did to learn from them and how we came out on top at the end of it all . 
Had a really great day today ! Went on a jog this morning ... then lunch with friends and then went jeepin in the hills with my new main squeeze ... today was a success for sure ! Only to end it hopefully with a campfire .... ahh !!! 
Had a BEA-utiful evening last night ! :) Visited my family that was in town ! love you < PROPFIRST > ! Then my < PROPFEMALE > cooked me steaks on the grill ! life is good today ! lol 
Oh my this week went by < PROPFEMALE > fast ... work tomorrow for 3 long days ehh ! Imma sleep today ! lol 
< PROPFIRST > is going to teach me how to shoot a gun today ! whoo hoo ! \The proper way to shoot a gun\ " BAH ! ha . ha . ha this should be interesting ! Then we are goin to cook some dinner ! " 
Goin to play hide and go seek at reillys tonight ! We are still children at heart ! 
well ... broke up with my dude officially today ! bah ! life throws ya some obstacles but prolly for the best ... I need a younger man anyways that enjoys my shit ! lol ... movin outta my house and over to reillys yay !!!! 
on\\nJolan k . Maser 
Painted a deck all day and then had a nice BBQ with the family . Good way to end the night . 
Goin to stay with Sagey tonight ... I needa getaway and my best friend today ! Im < PROPFEMALE > excited to see you < PROPFEMALE > ! yay ! 
Just got back from Casper ... went fishin in the dark with < PROPMALE > . It was glorious ! I have a huge perma grin ! bahahahaha 
Vikings vs . Saints ! Go Vikings ... even tho I love < PROPMALE > Bush . 
My bears won yesturday ! 
Tried to sell my < PROPFEMALE > necklace to a pawn shop today ... they offered me 15 dollars .... baha . ha . ha . ha I DONT THINK SO ! 
Wow ... I have to say the Bears have impressed me once again ! I love it ! GO BEARS ! 
Goin to < PROPMALE > tomorrow to drop off < PROPFEMALE > at the airport ... Imma miss that girl ! 
Today is my day off ! ... hmm what to do with it .... 
Having a great week ! I am blessed to have such wonderful roomates ... could not have made it without you guys ! 
Reilly and I are cooking dinner tonight for my mom and reillys family ! Chicken fried steaks .. mmm ! 
ehh ... work begins today ! But on the brighter side of things I get my tattoo after work and tomorrow we are goin to Ghost hunting seminar at the college in riverton ! yay ! 
Teach me how to dougie .. teach me teach me how to dougie ! :) 
my car has been in the shop for 8 days now !! uhh ! they cant figure out why its electical board is messing up .... i miss my car lol ! 
First day off ! Enjoying it ! Bears were awesome yesterday ! 
Goin sledding in a plastic pool tonight with Reilly and the family ! So excited should be fun ! bahahahaha 
sledding was awesome pool didnt last long but the regular sleds were awesome as well to pull behind the truck ! 
I love watching American Chopper !! 
I have really been thinking bout working in a third world country with children ! Big step someday . 
Bears better get it this weekend ! 
Freakin car wouldnt start AGAIN ! It doesnt even have 30,000 < PROPMALE > on it .... uh !!! AND I need a new celluar because mine wont get service ! GEEZ ! 
I love my family and friends ! You are the best ! 
Well my puppy is officially potty trained yah ! And he does all sorts of tricks . I love him ! 
where's my happy ending .... hahaha 
can't wait to find my own place so I can have all my things back ... I miss my washer and dryer haha 
thank you sooooo much for the birthday wishes love you all 
3 more days and I get to move in to my own place !!! I'm so excited . 
officially moved in just have to unpack now uh !! at least I have all my things back 
its been a long struggle for my mom over quite sometime now but she has decided to pick herself and get better and I couldn't be more proud ! 
