BORED ! 

Eating some Churches Chicken . 
Gotta do some homework . Gotta football game tommorrow . Coach Toys gone be pist since I missed practice today . OH WELL ! My defensive coach kno we can't win without one of his startin LInebackers . 
HAD THE FIRST REAL FOOTBALL GAME . WE won 26-14 . KILLIN MY STARTER POSITION . My DEFENSE IS UNSTOPPABLE ! 
WOW ! My football game on Tuesday was just lame . We won 52-0 , but our opponents just sucked . Another game Thursday . It's not gonna be as easy . \ I hope it ain't too easy \"." 
Beat Mansfield 22-0 . Tough game 
Tired ! Need to SLEEP 
Beat Herdon 32-6 . I was unstoppable today . 3 sacks , one safety , and saving a tochdown run . Our game record is 5-0 . 
Chillen at . Bout to go outside to friend's house ride around my neighborhood on my bike for the exercise . SHREVE ! HAHAH 
Lost to 30-12 to Calvary Monday . Everybody can't be perfect 
Went to six flags 10/24/09 . Came back at 12:15 A.M. 10/25/09 . That was one fun , long , and tiring day . 
Tired . About to do some homework . 
Booo ! Redskins should have won . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO EVERYONE ! 
I can't be stop on Gears of War 2 . Giving these boys a New Years present on Xobx Live . 
Been up since eight yesterday . I guess I'll do some push-ups and pull-ups with this multi-training gym thing . 
Watching some squirrels mess around in my backyard lol . Very Funny . 
Both my teams in the playoffs . Let's go Saints and Patriots ! 
Got a basketball game today and Saturday . 
Today was a good day for basketball . 
At school during lunch , leave pennies , nickels , dimes , quarters , and dollar bills in my jug to vote into the allstar game . 
Someone is missing in my life . But I will use their death as strength and motivation . R.I.P Dad , March 13 , 2008 
IF U R BRAVE ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : loveable . 6 : clubhead . 7 : moody . 8 dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beatuiful . 17 : cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong . 21 : Encouraging 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Webb . March 30 , 1957 - March 13 , 2008 . R . I . P Dad . 
Feeling adventurous right now . I need a vacation . 
Chillen with my sister . Feeling dull as a freaking pencil . 
Had a very relaxed school day today . Hopefully that continues throughout this week and the rest of school . 
WOW ! PDA and PDF . Why is everyone freaking out about this ? This is nothing new to the school rules . Some of the teachers just haven't enforce the rule as much others . Making petitions and wearing PDF t-shirts is not going to change anything . Then you bring the problem to Facebook by making a PDF group and misspelled allowed(Chris < PROPMALE > ) . 
What's next ? An actual school protest with picket signs . Some people are just acting like this was never a rule we had to follow . Trying to change a rule that was not only made by the school , but also by the school board is just a waste of time , but if you would rather look like a dummy protesting and get in trouble for it , go ahead because I'm just going to watch and laugh . 
Chillen with my mom and riding around town . Dang , I got the munchies . 
Bored . Don't feel like sleeping . 
Feel like the old athletic beast I used to be is dead and gone . But I feel like my body is not healthy . I'm always getting hurt . 
< PROPFIRST > Webb 24 more days of school . Then off to C.E. Byrd . Playing football and hopefully I'll be a cornerback or wide receiver . Whatever I am , I will show you the Pain and the Sting of the Byrd Yellow Jacket . 2014 ! 
Back from New Orleans . Needed a break from Shreveport . 
District Track Meet Tomorrow . iDK what im running and im having ankle pain . But I'm taking the pain and ready to go SONIC THE HEDGEHOG on the track . 
Had the Distirict Track Meet today . I was in two first place runs(4 by 1 and 4 by 2 ) BUCKETS !. Im like Sonic The Hedgehog and I got a NEED FOR SPEED ! I run to win because I'M HUNGRY for 1st Place . 
Chillen with my cousin and grandma 
8th Grade is now over . Time to go up 4 more huge flights of stairs of education , challenges , and maturity . 
Lets go Lakers ! Lakers 2010 NBA Champions 
I hate racists . I can't even play my xbox without playing racist people . But there nothing but motivation . I hope I don't have deal with racist at Byrd . 
Workout Session for Byrd tomorrow . I can see myself in the future ; A short and muscular person who jumps like a kangaroo . 
Feeling kind of sore from workouts this week . No pain though . Another workout session tomorrow . 
Seen The Karate Kid yesterday . Its a pretty good movie 
The Byrd freshman football coaches looking at me for running back . When I run , I'm going to be like road runner , but when I get ganged tackle , Im going to be like wildy coyote . 
Had another day of weight training today . Feeling stronger already . 
Lakers baby . 5 rings for Kobe and < PROPMALE > Fisher . ( Take that Shaq ) Lakers own this decade . Kobe is just one ring from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Lakers fan forever ! 
My father and other older and elderly people had Chamberlain , Magic , Baylor , < PROPMALE > , and other Laker Legends , but I have Kobe < PROPMALE > . ( I'm a real Lakers fan , not a bandwagoner ) . 
Needs to find something to do . Bored 
Had another good day of weight training . Starting to work on routes and formations . I feel like a few things are missing in my life . Is it a problem if you get around a certain person and your whole mood changes ? 
Life Is A Slideshow\ 
Each moment of your life is a different slide . Some slides are good and others are bad . You never want to go through the bad slides , but the bad slides are the negatives and hardships of life and it keeps it together . That is why nobody is perfect . We all have our days of excitement and days of hardships . 
In 1995 , An athlete was born . In 2010-2011 an athlete will be unleashed ! Years later , an athlete will be unstoppable ! 
I can't wait until the football season starts . The only team I want to beat is Shreve . Its all about the C.E. Byrd Yellow Jackets ! 
Run so fast , that you make people think you got slave feet . 
Lost another person I loved . I was emotionally destroyed . The pain still haunts my mind . But I will never let anything pull me down and make me weaker . But now , is she in mind just as a memory or as the person I loved , still love , and the person I want back . 
Bored man . Bout to crank out some push-ups , sit-ups , other general strength exercises . Need my own weight set . Bout to get stronger , build these abs back up . \Was that my left bicep ?! No ! That was my Abbbbb-b- Dominals \"!" 
Bored . Needs something to do right now and needs something to do for the weekend . 
Can't wait till football season starts . Forget all the other schools . The only team I really want to beat is Shreve . Its all about the Byrd Yellow Jackets . 
Bored . Trying to setup apps on this blackberry storm . 
Bored . Need something to do . Any ideas anybody ? 
if your brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you . [ 1 ] crazy . [ 2 ] wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5]lovable . [ 6 ] sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11]wild . [ 12]goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomly awesome . [ 15 ] amazing . [ 16]beautiful . [ 17 ] cute . [ 18 ] drama < PROPMALE > . [ 19 ] if u love me 
Done with my workout session this morning . Thinking about hooping at the gym in stoner hill later on . 
Chillen at my grandma's house . Had a few things on my mind lately . Should I speak now or should I wait later ? 
Just got done running suicides . No more running for me for the rest of the night . 
Niggas know how to please the ghettos and the streets , but gentlemen know how to please a lady . 
Bout to go to sleep . Seven more hours until football workouts . I hope Coach < PROPFIRST > is there . 
Bored and tired . Bout to go to sleep . I hope if some of the thoughts I have about my future come to reality . 
Bored . May go outside for awhile . 
went to the movies with my cousins . I can't believe I actually watched\ Despicable Me \"." 
Needs a place where I can just chill and think peacefully . 
Wishing I could have some people and some things back in my life . Wishing I could be the person I want to be and the person in my dreams . 
Does this Evangel football coach really want to recruit me ? If he really wants to recruit me , should I leave Byrd and go to Evangel ? 
On my way to football practice . This is literly 
Leaving football practice . I been there since 3:00 PM . IT WAS TOO FREAKING HOT out there ! 
On my way to another LONG and HOT football practice 
I think about to hit the sheets . Do some general strength exercises before then though . 
Got football practice at 7:30 in the morning . Cruisin the City at 2:00 . C.E. BYRD YELLOW JACKETS ! 
At this cruisin the city thing for Byrd . 
chillen in the football locker room at Byrd . Got my school ID today . 
First day of school = tiring but fun . First football practice after school = HORRIBLE 
Am I ready to play football ? Yes ! But am I ready for the jamboree ? No ! 
Played Huntington in the jamboree today . We won 16-14 . I ran a 36 yard touchdown . LETS GO ! 
Really does not wanna go to sleep . Ready to play < PROPMALE > on Monday . First regular season game . 
Has a birthday tomorrow . What should I do ? Answer = Chill at home and get ready for my next football game . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody . 
Going to bed . Turn 15 today and has a game tomorrow . I wonder if I can get a kick return as a birthday gift . 
My arms feels like it's stuck in a cast . And I got horse collar like three times today . Ready to work on my mistakes and improve . 
Really wants to get a kick return . Hopefully , I'll be more focus on my running game next game . Can anybody answer this question ? Why would my coach ( Coach Murrie ) tell to go home , get some hamhocks , cut the fat off , and eat them ? And he was ONLY talking to me . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars Episode Three : Revenge of the Sith . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars again . About to go outside and jog , sprint , and work on my footwork . C.E Byrd Football Forever 
I need something to do . Probably play Madden 11 , COD , and Red Redemption on my Xbox 360 until I get tired . 
Having mixed feelings about football right now and all the other sports I play . 
Kind of weird . I'm doing my homework and struggling . Once I turn on my music ( Mainly < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) I start sweeping through it . 
NO !!!!!! I hurt my ankle at practice . It hurts , I'm in pain , and may have to take a crutch with me to school . Most likely missing the Haughton game Monday . 
Dang . Saints defense being tough , but those penalties really killing the Vikings right now . 
One thing that makes me laugh all the time is when my friends say I always come back faster when I have a leg injury . It's not the injury , that's making me better . It's me strengthing that body part and wanting to get better and faster . 
Dang . For the people who are still in Shreveport and are wondering if Byrd's Varsity football team beat New Iberia , they did not . They lost 42- 28 . 
Cowboys and Redskins game . All I have to say is , I know all cowboys fans feel played and they pissed . 
Play Haughton t 
Played Haughton today . I didn't get to play because I'm out on an ankle injury , but we lost 36-6 . Ready to be able to practice again and get back on the playing field . 
Play Southwood next . I am definitely ready to play if I'm able to . Just hope my ankle is better by that time . 
Wants to play against Southwood next Monday , but I have to sit out another week . Hopefully I can play when we play Shreve . 
On the Grambling University waiting to go to the game . 
At the grambling game . They playing < PROPMALE > State and are winning 21-14 . Both bands killed at halftime . 
Grambling won 28-21 . It was a good game . 
Thinking about whether playing in the game tomorrow or not . I want to play , but I don't want to re-injured my ankle . 
African American + Usain Bolt = < PROPFIRST > Webb 
Lets go C.E. Byrd . Play Southwood tomorrow . I'm on the injured list so their is a questionable decision whether I should play . Hopefully we win , but if we don't , I'll see if I can take my anger out on Captain Shreve next week . 
Another game I didn't play . Lost 22-6 . Practicing tomorrow and the rest of the week so I can play the next game against Shreve . 
Tried practicing today . Ankle still has a little pain , but I'll be back at practice tomorrow . The coaches don't have to worry , I'm back and I'm bringing the speed back . 
Oh crap . I'm going crazy at the same time . Having unusual flashbacks . This is freaking me out . 
Exhausted from practice . About to finish my homework , and why the heck am I watching highscholl musical . 
Can anybody give me information about the Chess Club at Byrd ? 
May not go the varsity game today , but I hope they best Southwood . Play Shreve next week . I'm ready and I'm BACK . LETS GO JACKETS 
I'll try to ask this question again today . Does anybody know about Chess Club at Byrd ? 
how did we meet ? ( copy into yo status to see who remembers ) 
Well , serve my detention today so I wouldn't have to do it Monday on gameday . My ankle feeling better , so I'm ready to get back in the games , help my team , and play Shreve . Lets Go Jackets 
Had the best entertainment in my < PROPMALE > class today . My boys , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and DJ Stew < PROPMALE > couldn't do nothing but laugh . < PROPFIRST > freaking stupid and he got two people coded out lol . 
Dang . Farmersville played somebody and beat them 87-7 . Those fools were playing Madden . Shreve lost to West < PROPMALE > ; OUCH ! Just got done talking to some crazy girl name < PROPFEMALE > Hampton . Well , I'm out facebook and goodnight . \ 
\ 
Run like CHEETAH , but STING like a < PROPFEMALE > . Lets Go Jackets #5 
Had a good time at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s bday party . Ready to play in the game Monday . Well , I'm about to chill and watch Tv . Text me if you want or if you need the number , just ask . Feeling lonely . May have to turn the swag on and get me another girl . 
Came to play today . We lost 16-12 , but at least we had better team effort today . Hurt my ankle but that didn't stop me . Couldn't play the rest of the game because of a very painful cramp in my left calf muscle . Saw some old teammates on Shreve's defense . I guess I'm not getting my Gator gumbo . 
In pain . I'm completely exhausted and both my ankles and legs hurt . I can't walk , I can't feel them :(( 
Thinking about giving up football after freshman year . Stick to the bball court and and run track . 
Like or comment if you can make me laugh easily . 
Byrd vs . Shreve game tomorrow . Should I A : Sit on Byrd side or B : Sit on Shreve side to catch up with some friends . Bring your camo , shotguns , your bowls . Lets eats some gator gumbo and don't forget the spoon . 
You know I run fast with my football gear , but I had to show my fellow teammates how fast I am without my gear . If anybody else on the team wanna race just ask . Plenty of speed to go around . 
Airline for the next two weeks . Let's win both games because I'm ready to play and tired of losing . 
Out with my mom . I hate being stuck with her when she is shopping . Oh well . Just going to chill and listen to my music on my phone . 
About to finish some homework . Had a great weekend with my cousin , and I'm ready to play in the game tomorrow . Lets beat Airline this week and the next . Lets Go Freshman , JV . And lets see if the varsity can beat Airline this week . PROUD TO BE A JACKET . 
Okay . So we lost to Airline 26-6 . I had a 65 yard TD on a run play and the only touchdown for the game . Made some mistakes , ready to improve them , and beat Airline next Monday . Tell me why I ran three kick returns and got cheapedshot on everyone ; OUCH ! BUT I FINALLY GOT MY FIRST TOUCHDOWN THIS YEAR ! 
Post This As Your Status & See What People Rate You ! 1 . Ghetto 2 . Wish We Went Out 3 . Talkative 4 . iWant You 5 . Spoiledd 6 . Sarcastic 7 . Loveable 8 . Crazy 9 . Great Person 10 . Wild 11 . Funny 12 . Beautiful 13 . Mature 14 . I'd Take You Home To Mom 15 . Wierdd 16 . Honest 17 . Cute 18 . Best Friends ! 
I miss Caddo Middle Magnet right now . I wish I could go back in time for all three years and put my football jerseys back on . Well , let me stop daydreaming and get back to my homework . 
Why do my ankles still hurt . Oh well . Once they get better , I have a feeling that I'm going to be much faster . Ready for track & field . 
Bored . This truth thing spread around quickly . I guess I'll do it for anyone who wants me to do one for them . 
Finally the weekend . About to chill , listen to music , and play this NBA 2K11 on my Xbox 360 . 
I need a vote from my friends . Am I better in basketball or football ? 
Bored . Should I : Text , play the xbox , or go to sleep . I think I'll do all three . 
Lets see . Go over some homework and study for tomorrow , iron clothes , and get a good night rest . Then school , and another game against airline . Lets see if I can get more than one TD and some good yardage . 
If you watching the cowboys vs . titans game , how about that catch and TD by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . That was sick . 
Watching some much football reminded me of football practice . Best football practice moment last week : Coach < PROPFIRST > is in the shotgun position . High snap and reverse to WR < PROPFIRST > Powell . Even though this was just practice , it would be a guarantee highlight play in a game . 
Game got canceled . Re-schedule on Wednesday . 
Game got canceled . Pissed off . Been mad at the world all day and getting tired of my immature teammates . 
Homecoming parade today . didn't go to it and not going to any of the homecoming dances for my four years of highschool . < PROPFIRST > + dances = complete boredem for me . 
Game against airline tomorrow . Ready to run for 1 Kick Return TD , 2 rushing TDs , and at least 100 yards or more . LETS GO ! 
Wondering . I wonder how fast I am to some of the varsity and JV football players . I'm pretty much the fastest on the freshman team , but I wonder how my speed compares to < PROPFIRST > Carthon's . Racing him would be a challenge for me , but embarassing because he would smoke me in a race . 
Had a horrible game . Had some good runs , but made too many mistakes as an individual and team . And my mom pissing me off . I don't wanna even hear myself talk . 
In a really bad mood . Finish this homework and go to sleep . \ 
P E A C E Facebook . 
We lost the homecoming game 34-7 . Oh well . 
WOW ! Did anybody see how the < PROPFIRST > Cowboys were playing razzle dazzle at the end of the game lmao . That crap was hilarious lmao 
B day Tomorrow . Hit the weight room in the morning . Ready for the game Tuesday against Bossier . < PROPFIRST > Mills and me tag teaming the defense with our running game . Hopefully we come out with the win this time . 
The entire team played much better even though we lost again . I guess the weakest part of my body is my ankles because I always hurt them . Not cool . 
Dang . Byrd lost 49-7 . Another hard lost . 
No football game today , no fair . Just chilling , relaxation , and ME time . 
Feels like scarying the crap out of people on Halloween . 
Game tomorrow . How I will my ankle feel tomorrow . We'll see whats up later . 
Meet the Browns the movie . This is your granddaddy , granddaddy , granddadddy ! too funny lol 
Lost again . Don't care about the score , don't care about the team , don't f**king care about playing anymore . Finish these few practices , this last game , and I'm done . 
I have a feeling that I went far beyond an ankle sprain for both my ankles . 
Feels like flying away and living a solitary life until I get old . What's up with me having a random thoughts late at night . 
Already been sleeping . Bout to hit the sheets once again today . I need something to do on the weekend . Feel like going to the movies and seeing how scary Paranormal Activity 2 really is . 
Really don't feel like going to school . Who think I should tryout for Byrd's freshman basketball team ? 
Who thinks I should tryout for the Byrd Freshman Basketball Team and leave some comments telling my how my portrait looks . It's my profile pic . 
Listening to Crazy by Gnarls Barkley and other old songs . 
Why am I up . Well , watching Antz . Hopefully this movie puts me to sleep . Webbie out . 
Tired . Almost miss the bus . I have a feeling that I'm going to fall asleep in two of my classes today . 
Nothing to do today . Any suggestions anybody ? Bored and feeling depressed for some reason . I guess I'll watch some college football and The < PROPMALE > of Egypt . 
La la la , la la la , < PROPFIRST>'s World ! Yeah ! lol Moments from Mr. Nash's class . 
Bored . I guess I'll do the truth thing for the first time . Like the status and receive my truth about you . 
Going to tryout for Byrd's freshman bball team Wednesday . Hopefully I make the team . If I do , I'm going to put the phrase , \ Fly like a butterfly and sting like a bee\ " into full effect . " 
Can I find your loving , will you give me your heart . 
ready to go to school ; sike . Out for election day . 
Bored out my mind . I'm dieing from boredem . Somebody call \ 
911-ENTERTAINMENT 
BE HONEST !! If you think i'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If i am your friend put a (: , If you miss me put a :\\ . If you ever had a crush on me put a xD . If i have ever made you laugh put a :P . If your brave enough , re-post this and see what people say !! 
see what people rate you ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4)\ 
sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) spoiled ( 8 ) trustworthy ( 9 ) wild ( 10 ) funny ( 11 ) beautiful ( 12 ) mature ( 13 ) athletic ( 14 ) I wish I had your number ( 15 ) honest ( 16 ) great friend ... ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) nice ( 19)\ 
...... freaky/freakSee More 
Has everyone noticed how bored we all are . Everyone posting statues about date or diss , smash or diss , truth is , and all other crap . We have officially made the Generation Full of Boredem . 
About to play a little bit of this NBA 2K11 before hitting the sheets . Basketball tryouts tomorrow . My bball skills < PROPMALE > . I might end up traveling thinking I'm still playing football . 
Nothing to do ... bored ...... Like = Smash or pass ! 
Good morining 
Good Morning eveyone . 
Yo , < PROPFIRST > Moss went to the Tennessee Titans . 
Over the past few days everyone has done this truth thing , diss or date , or smash or pads . We have all prove to < PROPFEMALE > that we're a Generation Full Of Boredom and Horny Minds . What has happen to our lives . 
Good morning everyone . Let's see how this day goes . Skipping bball season . And I need some new people to text . 
Bored . My mom and my mom just left to go see For Colored Girls . Need some entertainment . 
What was the score to the Byrd game ? 
What up Facebook . What does today have stored for me . 
At the fair . If you at the fair or coming , hit me up . 
Feel like cracking . just might crack on a few people tonight . 
Seen everybody anf they momma at the fair . Feeling stupid since I walked around for 6 hours . And someone disappointed me . Well , bout to hit the sheets . 
Dang . I feel like playing football again . Can spring hurry up so I can go through track and start spring training for football . I might just go outside and run a mile(not really ) . But I'm bout to go run and shoot some hoops . 
Wish it was a B day tomorrow . I feel like hitting the weight room . No fat , and all muscle baby . Bout to get my solid abs back and be next < PROPFIRST > Crews . 
Bout to hit the sheets . Trying to a transition from being so quiet to being more social . Still looking for your love . Have I found it , but can't obtain it . Am I on right the right trail . Or am I just lost in the desert . Give me the map to your heart . 
Everybody's bestfriend = Your bed . 
Call of Duty Black Ops comes out tomorrow . I'm going to do some type of . Power trade to get it . And surprisingly , I'm watching Oprah while she is talking to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s parents . 
When I first saw you , I was like .... \ 
Like and you find out :) 
A day tomorrow . NO ! A days completely bores me and destroys all my energy and looney tunes sound effectives and voice . 
Who think I should talk more instead of being quiet ? 
Watching Oprah . 
Not my music cuz . All the music on phone just disappeared and none of it on my computer either . Dang , technology is a beach . 
Staying up all night and sleeping in class is not healthy for young boy . I need a prescribed sleeping pill . Still waiting for that person to come my nest , get under my wing , and be with me . 
Coach Ballow had us < PROPMALE > out in bench press today . I < PROPMALE > out at 140 lbs . I feel weak . Bout to do push-ups all day and forever . Wondering what I < PROPMALE > out at in Power Cling . 
The paths you take , guide you to your future . But which path is to sucess ? There are many roads . Those that lead to something and success and those that are dead ends . Well , until I'm ready for my long journey to college and adulthood , I will make the map that will guide me to my fantasies , success , and isolate me from dead ends and the evils in this World . Time to change my life around and mature . 
GOODMORNING JACKETS lol and other schools . Hopes everybody has a marvelous day 
Both my teams my teams lost yesterday , Miami Heat and the Lakers . Oh well , let's have a good day and hopefully Byrd win there game . 
Whats going on this weekend ? Don't know . I wish I was taller . 
What's up with everyone watching Love & Basketball a lot recently . I watched yesterday , but it seems like everyone being watching like it just came out or something . 
Well , I knew they Byrd was going to lose , but good job there guys . We get to state next year . Should Coach Suggs change from Wing-T to Spread ? 
Sleepy ? Nope . This negro here is nocternal . Stay up all night and sleep in my bat cave during the day . ( This makes no sense and definately shows that I'm bored . Hit me up on or text me . Who need the # ? ) 
Yeah ,.... A negro just been knocked the f*ck out by boredem . Somebody tell the Referee it's a TKO . 
I didn't know boredem could hurt . I feel stupid after randomly falling and busting my a ** . A blunt would be good about now . 
I no longer have my marvelous and girl attracting abs . Thats not good at all . Weeks worth of push-ups , six-inches , sit-ups , weight room and other general strength exercises = rebuilt ripped arm muscles and solid rock adominals . Yeah , thats hurting since I still sore from my last workout . 
It was a dream and a worthless quest . Done trying . Stay in reality and not in your imagination . 
Bout time for the Cowboys to show some life ! All they need to do now is win . 
Yo , check out my profile pic ? Tell me if you think I edit the color ? Is it fresh ? Tell what it look like ? Give opinions . 
I guess I'll do this question thing . Inbox questions and I'll answer without your name on my status . 
Q : Have I ever been smart to you ? \ 
A : A little , but it ain't like you dumb . 
I need another nickname . Everyone is welcomed to call me Webbie , but I wanna see what some people wanna call me other than that . ( Comment and tell me ) . \ 
SN : Question game . Ask your question and beware of the answer . Taking questions for the rest of the night . 
Kids ask the darnest things ! With the Facebook . The crazy statuses . The random questions . ( < PROPMALE > Cosby voice ) . On the other hand , salute to the Cowboys for finally winning another game . Now lets go Patriots ! 
This question & answer thing spread around a lot faster than ( smash or pass ) and ( truth is ) . But let me finish ironing my clothes . This one girl my sister know dissing like everybody questions lol . I'm having like too much fun reading her statuses . 
Its ashame to see what some people ask folks . Yo , ask that in a text or keep the response in the message . This is Facebook , not a freaky chat room . 
Woah . I ain't nosey , but I'm seeing too many sex questions on my news feed . Yo , this is not the midnight hour sex hotline . If yall wanna ask all them questions , go call one those 1-800 < PROPFIRST > . 
This is too funny . Some people shouldn't even ask questions . They getting they stuff blown worse than 5 niggas blowing a blunt lol . 
I'm going to bed . Goodnight to all my friends and Facebook . Some of yall need more than a million prayers and a brain that is not full of sex . WEBBIE OUT ! 
Day starting off slow already . This day brings back many memories . Well , hope everyone has a great day and no bs . 
Sleepy . I need some a glass of milk , some food , and my bed . Willing to do the question crap to let time pass . 
Good morning JACKETS ! and other schools . Hope everyone has a pleasant day without any bs . 
Feel like working out . I need a weight set at home . But lets see what I < PROPMALE > out at in back squat tomorrow . Lets kill it ! Abbablous 
Like a bullet , I'm fast . Like a puppy , I'm small . Like a lightweight , I'm not the heaviest or strongest . But like an untamed tiger , I keep fighting . 
Get back or get smacked ! 
Well , getting ready for bed . I'll answer any questions before I doze off . 
B day yay . Get to go to my < PROPMALE > class . I don't draw pictures , I CREATE masterpieces ! 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE ! I hope everyone has an exciting day with a side greatness . WEBBIE out . 
Left the emergency room like a hour ago . Had severe abdominal pain and a stomach bug . And Coach Ballow has my phone , nice ( not really ) . 
I wish I could workout tomorrow . We did listening skills instead lifting weight today , but it felt good running . 
Lets see . How am I going to survive on a liquid diet for a few days ? This sucks . Time to pack my own lunch for the rest of the week . 
Everyone answer this question . Do I look like a Mexican ? 
Once again , I'm phoneless . Coach Ballow better be at school tomorrow . If the battery has ran out , it ain't no telling how many notifications I got . 
Out for a week . Still can't believe Coach Ballow made run 40 yard dashes in the cold . But everybody have a safe and nice week off . Finally , some RELAXATION ! 
Bored . Playing the xbox . What movie should I watch tonight . Well , if you have the # text me because I'm dying of boredem right now . WEBBIE OUT and Booms Goes The Dynamite ! 
In Mall St. < PROPMALE > . Hit me up ! 
Lets go Ohio State and LSU ! 
Yea < PROPMALE > ! LSU won ! Who won the Ohio State game ? \ 
CDWII = Future LSU Tiger 
Wow . I will like to thank my sister for totally ruining my mood tonight and probably ruining my relationhips with the rest of my family . 
Going to the orthodontist 
Chillen with my mom and grandma . What should I do today ? Well text me , Facebook me . 
I wish I could fly . I'll be in Rome or < PROPFEMALE > by now . I wish I could time travel . I'll be looking at dinosaurs or something right now . I wish I could see the world's wonders . 
Who think I'm funny ? Comment or like . Who think I could be a comedian ? 
Not that much of a WWE wrestling fan anymore , but dang . First < PROPFIRST > Cena gone , fired ! and < PROPFIRST > Orton got fucked up and lost his title . \ 
SN to self : Don't do professional wrestling , whether its fake or not . 
Dang . I'm not tired at all . Got this nocturnal thing going on . I need some entertainment . 
Bored . I guess I'll go do general strength and listen to music . 
Well , I'm calling it a night . Finish playing the xbox with these fools and go watch a movie . Facebook , which movie should I watch : Love & Basketball , Transformers , < PROPMALE > Of Eygpt , Hancock , Rush Hour 3 , Shrek , or Shrek 2 ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Who got turkey ?! 
Shame ! Cowboys looking like losers already . Lets go Saints ! 
YEAH < PROPMALE > ! SAINTS ! It was close game and good game , but we prevail ! 
Both my teams won today . Patriots beat the Lions and Saints beat the Cowboys . It has truely been a thankful football day . Super Bowl prediction : AFC = Patriots NFC = Saints 
Goodnight Facebook and friends . Hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving . WEBBIE OUT ! 
Black Friday deals . Only three things I want . This G-Shock I been looking at , Call of Duty : Black Ops , and ..................... 
I feel like there something missing in my life . 
I wish tomorrow was a B Day . I want to get back in that weight room . Well lets have a good three weeks and go on Christmas Break . 
I'm a Goofy GOOBER LOL ? 
Going to sleep . Watching the 49ers and Cardinals game . I'm bored . Probably go to bed immediately after the game . WEBBIE OUT ! 
Wonderful . Another night I can't sleep . 
I Hope everyone has a marvelous day . WEBBIE OUT ! 
Bout to get some chinese food and call it a night . 
So tired . I have a feeling that I'm going to fall out in the weight room . We'll , l hope everybody has a good 
And BOOM Goes The DYNAMITE ! Why am I up . 
Good Morning Everyone ! Have a blessed day . WEBBIE OUT ! 
Extra bored and sleepy . I guess I'll try to finish my homework and watch a movie . 
GOODMORNING JACKETS and other schools . Have a lovely Friday ! 
What's up with everyone having cartoon profile pics ? 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd kiss you ... 3 . Hyper !... 4 . Jerk ... 5 . I miss you ... 6 . Best friend ... 7 . Pretty .... 8 . Smart ... 9 . Dumb ... 10 . I would date you ... 11 . Random ... 12 . Hot ... 13 . Funny ... 14 . Huggable ... 15 . Amazing ... 16 ........ ..... Tough ...... 17 . Cute ... 18 . Bea ............ utiful ... 19 .... ...... Loud ...... 20 . Awesome ! ... 21 . I love you 
Weekend weny by fast . Been sick all weekend . Feel a lot better , but stuck with a scratchy voice . 
LETS Go Ravens ! 
I feel like playing football . Ready to practice with them Juniors and Seniors next year . Hopefully , I'm still on the offensive side of the ball . 
Yall killing this number stuff . I don't even see real statuses anymore . 
GOODMORNING EVERYONE ! Can you smell the fresh , morning air outside ahh . Well , I hope everyone has a lovely day . 
Sitting in the barbershop . Should I get two pars or three . 
Wishing I had some boxing gear and punching bag . Feel like boxing . 
Anybody seen what happened to the Minnesota Vikings Metrodome ? I see why they canceled the game . 
GOODMORNING EVERYONE ! Some Fresh and cold air outside . Well , I hope everyone has a wonderful and day and week . One more week until break . 
Wow , this is a shame . I'm so bored , but I can't believe I'm watching this show . 
COLD MORNING to EVERYONE ! Have a nice & warm day . And does anyone know when the Math-Science building was built at Byrd ? 
This is some nice , relaxing morning air . Everyone have a lovely day and HURRY UP BREAK ! 
Playing the Xbox 360 . On Gears 2 and chilling with some friends . Getting bored . Somebody hit me up 
Going to bed . Xbox live friends got me thinking about some old stuff . 
Going to bed . I'm back . Gears of War 2 Cater boy lol 
I wish I still playing for football or running track . 
Bout to blast this playlist , play Madden 11 , and look at some old football videos . 
Watchin < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog with my sister . 
Once again , the Patriots are Division Champs . Now we on the road to the Super Bowl . 
Chillen at the cousin's house with more of my cousins . Watching The Christmas Story , which is very boring to me . Somebody text me . 
Is there anybody up ? Anybody want to talk ? 
Up alone at my aunt's house . I'm all alone and there's one here beside me . Feeling the need for a girlfriend again . 
There always something new on FB . Yall folks be getting extra bored . 
Where's the red bull when you need it :( 
Goodmorning everyone ! Has everyone has a marvelous first day back to school . I know I will because I JUST HAD SEX AND IT FELT SO GOOD ! lmao . rtsp :/ / v5.cache3.c.youtube.com/CjYLENy73wIaLQnPG0oBOdu5NhMYJCAkFEIJbXYtZ29vZ2xlSARSBXdhdGNoYKuc0_Pjq4KXTAw=/0/0/0/video.3gp 
Goodmorning to everyone . Hope everyone has a blessed day . 
Dang . Anybody seen that video with the father giving his nephew a whooping on webcam . I'll hate to be that guy . Embarassing . 
Ready for them Saints to go in on the Seahawks . Can we just play Chicago right now instead of them . 
I need some sweet potato pie and a sprite . 
Oregon or Auburn ? 
Bore and do not want to go to school . Guess I'll go workout and the BCS Championship . What's up with the turn on and turn off stuff ? 
Dand brah . I want to play college football so bad . Time to work hard in highschool and get a scholarship . 
What's tomorrow , A Day or B Day ? 
I want to sleep in my comfy bed , but its colder than the other side of the pillow in there . 
What am I going to do when get home . 1 ) Change clothes 2 ) Cook some Tamen 
Bout to eat some Ramen Noodles and study . 
People who know I run fast and love to run , should I run track this year ? 
Can't believe all of the top teams in NFC and AFC playoffs are gone . If the Steelers and Bears lose , the world is definitely going to end . And there might be a lockout next season ; We're doomed ! 
I wish I had a secret room in my house where I can just chill and have some peace . 
I'm feeling cranky . Not talking until I have my coffee . 
Missing the CMM days . It still feels wierd not seeing my old friends and teachers . 
Goodmorning Jackets and other schools ! I hope everyone has a wonderful day . 
About to get on this homework and I guess I'll read a book afterwards . 
Question : Should I make a Twitter ? 
Watching Futurama . I miss this show . 
STEELERS ! 
About to hit the sheets . Looks like I'm competing against my friends in football workouts . Time to work twice as hard . 
Goodmorning Everyone ! Time to workout , but first two bananas for breakfast . 
IM on a mission . The objective is : SLEEPING ! 
Goodmorning to everyone . Have a blessed day at school or work . 
Goodmorning peers . Have a great day . 
Bored . PLaying Gears of War 2 . Dieing from boredom . Someone or somebodies communicate with me . 
Lets go Heat . Celtics vs . Lakers after the Heat . Then Pro Bowl later today . 
I don't even want to watch the Pro Bowl anymore . Lol the score is ridiculous 
GOODMORNING JACKETS and non-Jackets . Hope everyone has a marvelous day and week . Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to set my mood for the day . 
About to do my homework . What should I do after , A : Go to sleep or B : Workout a little and then go to sleep ? 
Rain , I love because I can clear my mind and think , but its raining to hard . 
Goodmorning to everyone . Its raining harder than black woman beating her child right now . Hope everyone has a great day . 
When your out of gas at practice or workouts , only determination can push you forward ; until one of the juniors or seniors knock the crap out of me next year . 
Goodmorning to everyone . Its too cold for Shreveport students to be going to school . Oh well , everybody have a icy day . 
Who going to Shreve & Byrd bball game today ? 
Who going to the Byrd , Shreve game ? 
Anybody know THE SCORE TO THE bYRD , Shreve game . 
Still up . Well , I guess I'll jump on Gears 2 and play some more haters 
Bored . I need some entertainment . I guess its time to smack some noobs in Gears 2 . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > may go to the Knicks . Knicks bout to beast . 
I think the Cowboys did something to their field before the super bowl . Everybody getting hurt . 
Goodmorning to Everyone ! Hope everyone has great day at school or work . 
GOODMORNING everyone ! 
Good morning Everyone . < PROPFIRST > the weatherman on the butt for giving us that one day out , even though it didn't snow . And slap the school board if we have a longer school year . 
I like how < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the all-time 3pt shooter . 
Lets go Lakers . And congrats to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for becoming the all-time 3pt shooting leader . 
Goodmorning to everyone ! Hope everyone has a marvelous day that leads to a wonderful weekend . 
Bored and home alone ........ bad combination . 
GoodMorning Everyone ! 
I never heard of this and it sound wierd to me , but does anybody put sugar on their rice ??? 
Goodmorning to everyone ! Hope everyone has a lovely day . Feels like Friday already . 
So tired . I'm bout to take a nap in the car while I wait for my mom to come out the store . Somebody hit me up with text or something . 
Dunk Contest ! Demar Derozan bout to do work ! 
< PROPFIRST > Griffin sick ! Had a choir seeing \I believe I Can Fly\ " and he jumped over a choir . " 
Bored . Nothing to do . I'll just go lay down . 
< PROPMALE > went to the Knicks 
Is today an A day or B day ? 
Goodmorning friends ! Got to school from some friends . 
< PROPMALE > going to Knicks through a 3-team trade , thats wats up , but it doesn't over shadow \High Griffintion\ " ( The 2011 Rookie of the Year ) . " 
Goodnight Facebook , Don't let the viruses bite . I bid adieu to all my friends . 
Goodmorning to everyone . Have a lovely day at school or work . 
Goodmorning everyone ! Hoping for a relaxing workout today and good day . 
Goodmorning friends . Hoping everyone has good day leading to a wonderful weekend . Movies tomorrow ? 
Still up . About to go to sleep , but I don't feel like . Just showed 10 people what a blowout is in NBA 2K11 . And somebody contact my phone cause I'm extra bored . 
Knicks beat heat , that's wats up . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > not getting any love from the Portland players . He can't even get the ball . Going to bed . 
Goodmorning everyone ! Looks gloomy outside , not cool . Let's have a good day as always . 
Goodmorning to everyone ! Can't talk , not until I have my coffee . 
Goodmorning everyone ! Ortho appointment later this morning . 
I need to get back on the bball court . Football is a long time from now . Needs something to do . 
Ballin like 2k and sleepin like a baby . 
Who going to the Huntington and Bossier game tomorrow ? 
Goodmorning ! everyone . Hope everyone has a nice day and good weekend . Bossier and Huntington game later today . 
Who already in the arena for the HHS and Bossier game and who coming ? 
Been in an arena full of black folks with no seats for like an hour . You know its hot in here ! 
1st quarter : HHS 15 Bossier 25 
Mane , I'm pissed . At this game at the < PROPFEMALE > dome and concession stands poor as heck . Ran out cheese for the nachos , ran out of cokes , sprites , Dr. Pepper , ran of popcorn . All they got is sour straws < PROPFEMALE > and powerade . WTF Centenary . 
Bossier beat Huntington 77-63 . Huntington should have gotten UPS to send them the offense and play defense package . 
In the barber shop . What's up for today ? 
Feeling emotionless right now . Thats not wats up . 
Yall killing the news feeds with this number stuff . I didn't know facebook had a math class , WEBBIE OUT ! 
Just took the best nap ever . Probably won't be able to go back to sleep after that one . 
Goodmorning ! I hate when it rains in the morning . I ruins my jolly mood in the morning . 
Bored . Oh what to do ? 
I guess I'll listen to MJ and workout for the rest of the night . Bored 
I wish football season was here . I feel like running plays and racking up yards again . 
Lets see whats poppin with oovoo . 
get at me\ 
Video call me now http://webvideocall.oovoo.com/callme/lilcwebb/249 
Come on Lakers 
My lakers lost . Don't worry , cause we getting another ring before < PROPMALE > leaves . 
NO ! The NFL Lockout is Official . There's goes Sunday and Monday Football . NO PLAYOFFS , NO SUPER BOWL ! 
Bored . I guess I'll work on the internet and webcam for this laptop . 
BORED . Get at me peeps 
Do not want to go to sleep 
Whats up for today ? 
oovoo , facebook , xbox live , and home alone . What should I do today ? 
Bored brah . 
Dang , this ain't Usher's Confessions album . Some of you are killing the confessions . 
Ready for football , but I feel a knee injury coming on . Oh well . Still going hard in workouts . Let finish typing the reports , but somebody contact me . 
Lakers ! Lets get this win . 
Still up ? I need to be sleep brah . 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Don't play that pinching crap . You reach and I will teach . 
In the barber shop . Should I get 2 pars or 3 ? What's up for today ? 
At my cousin's party . Get at me ! 
Feels like flaming someone or just joke with someone . 
Just had 200+ crawfish . Feel like eating some more , but I'm going to chill . 
Goodmorning everyone ! Looking forward to starting the week off good . 
Sitting in English with a sub . Ready to go home . 
Goodmorning everyone ! Hope everyone has a nice day . I want to workout for 3 hours like yesterday , but I guess we're back on regular < PROPFEMALE > schdule . 
Going to bed in a good mood , but I'm not sleepy . Had a good little conversation on the phone . Can't wait until workouts tomorrow . I guess I'll be hitting the gym during spring break . 
Get at me\ 
Goodmorning everyone . Let's see wats up for today . I may go outside and hoop a little . 
I'm still up ????? Brah , I'm hitting the sheets . 
I think I might run or ride around the neighborhood . Need to burn all this energy and release some stress unknown anger . 
Why I am I still up ? Let me try to lay down . 
Wow , I'm still up . No need for energy drinks , I'm just nocturnal . 
I'm bout hoop for awhile . Lets see if I can dunk . 
5 O'Clock in the morning and I'm still up . A lot of things on my mind , but nothing effects me or holds me down . 
In bossier visiting my great grandmother . I thought it was spring . I'll hate to see what summer look like because ITS HOT ! 
School tomorrow . Ready to get back to workouts , but I'm ready to work in class again . 
Still up . Going to sleep . Hope I don't fall asleep in Mrs. Savage's class or Mrs. < PROPMALE > . 
Good morning to everyone . Having some leg pain , but other than that , I'm ready to get back in class . 
Listening to B.O.B , Outkast , and chilling . 
Uconn won that thing . I feel sorry for Butler though . Came to the National Championship 2 times in a row and lost ; SHAME ! 
