visited Vanderbilt this weekend . It was interesting and gave me a lot to think about . 

is at Thompson catching up on his classwork and projects with the always beautiful Haylee DeLuca . 
Lunch with THE < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
false alarm , I just had to reformat it . Freakin ' apple ... 
is watching Gundam Wing and doing homework ... Life is BEYOND Good ! 
is still watching Gundam Wing and doing stats . 
Oscars tonight ! 
is watching the Oscars ! 
knows that he has been programming too much because when he went to end an email to his mother , he typed \run ;\ " instead of his name . " 
Quote of the day \I'm supportive ... on facebook . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World in the Glass Lounge , 3rd floor , at 8pm . Bring your hand-held game systems , trading card games , Settlers of Cantan and other assorted geek gear ! 
It's the weekend ! ... time to work 
The sun is out . Life is Good . 
is happy that the high temperature today will exceed 50 degrees ! 
Dear people of Thompson Library . If you take an elevator ride for any vertical distance that is less than 3 floors and you suffer from no impediments to your mobility , I hate you . If you are not a member of the Library Staff or someone who suffers from impaired mobility and you insist upon getting on the elevator on the ground floor instead of walking up the staircase to the 1st floor , I hate you . 
There is bake sale tomorrow from noon to 2PM outside the Wexner Center plaza . Please come and donate to help the animals . :-) 
is preparing for finals week , but routinely finds himself seeking news about the happenings in Japan . Let's hope that their their nuclear plants don't meltdown . 
3 AM and I'm still awake , writing a tome\ 
If I get it all down on paper , its no longer\ 
Inside of me , threatening the sanity to whom it belongs\ 
And I feel like I'm naked in front of the crowd\ 
Cause these words are my research , screaming out loud\ 
And I know that prof'll rip them , however she wants to :-) 
has one group presentation , a Spanish final and two stacks of un-graded papers standing between him and his spring break . 
Spanish at 7:30 , grading , laundry and cleaning tonight . More grading tomorrow , then I'm done with this quarter . Woot ! 
is grading papers . 
last day on the mountain . SKIING !!! 
deciding on a grad school is tough . 
