Happy New Year !!!! 

After less than only 5 hours of sleep , I am up and at it . Man , this is painful ... ;) 
Yay ! I have books ! Let the reading continue ...... ;) 
is making some rosemary-baked potatoes . Mmmmm .... 
I'm tired ... sleepy ... 
I wish I could take a nap .... :( 
I am at a friend's house freaking out because one friend is piercing another ! Aaahhhh ! 
I am soooooo tired right now .... like I literally hit a wall . What happened ?!?!? 
Work !!!!!! But then beautiful Yosemite this weekend . :) 
Yosemite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Home from Yosemite !!! 
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers !!! 
I finally took my assessment test , went to orientation , and met with a counselor ! Now , I have the daunting task of registering for classes . 
I am undeniably tired right now and stressed out and nervous , but I'm excited and relaxed at the same time . 
Chores and then movie night ! 
I watched 17 Again again tonight ! I love that movie ! 
Countdown to Italy ... 11 days ! 
Just registered for classes at < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I'm officially set ! 
I have hiccups right now , for the 4th pickin ' time today ! 
Days until Italy ... 10 days ! 
I'm thinking that I should probably upload some pictures about now . 
I feel like eating something because I'm hungry . Hmmmm .... what to eat ? 
Hmmmm ..... 
Today is about food ! 
Getting ready , prepping , cleaning , meditating , packing , taking care of business ... freaking out , getting scared , nervous , anxious , aaahhhhhh !!!!... excited , overjoyed , amused , can't wait , butterflies , anticipation , deep breath . 
I'm back ! And I'm glad because I want to see some friends before I take off again for five weeks ! Just to let everyone know ... I love you and am going to miss you all ! 
Wow ... just two more days until I leave ! Aaaahhhhh !!!!! 
35 hours until departure to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
32 1/2 hours until departure to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
22 hours until departure to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I leave tomorrow morning ... I love you all !!! 
I am safe and sound in Sandrigo with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Fun , fun , fun in Italy ! 
Off to Vicenza today ! 
I am sooooooo tired ! Shopping and walking and dodging rain . Aaaaahhhhh ! 
Bassano and Asolo today ... more walking and shopping . 
Not fair that < PROPFEMALE > got to meet and take pictures with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . 
My neck hurts . :( 
I love you all ! 
( FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT !!! ) If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you .... 
is grateful . 
Hot , sticky , and a < PROPMALE > sunburned ... but what a great day in Venezia ! 
just sat through the most amazing thunderstorm . God is so Good . 
Wishing I could be with all my awesome friends and family ! 
Oh my gosh ... so incredibly sunburned ! Ouch ! 
God's love is most evident during the storms of life . Thank you , God , for the storms . 
I will be out of town , at the mountains , with no internet access , until Tuesday , so write me a message . I will hopefully make another updated video blog on Tuesday or Wednesday . Love you all and miss you all ! Ciao ! 
I am still at the mountains ! But I'm excited because this whole next week is about traveling !!!! 
Thank you , Lord , for letting everything fall into place . I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > ! I now have a taste of pure tourism ! 
After a week of traveling and walking around , I am ready for a weekend of staying at home . Only 6 more days until I get home ! 
I'm in the mountains until Tuesday ! 
Home from the mountains . Just two more days until I'm home ! 
Wow ! I can't believe this is my last day in Italy ! Where did the time go ?!? ;) 
is coming home ! See you all soon ! 
I'm back ! I can't wait to see you all ! 
I am missing Italy and < PROPFEMALE > and her family and the food so much it hurts . I am glad to see my family and friends again , though ! 
I come back to < PROPFEMALE > and this is what I get , Mother Nature ?!? A cold !!!! How did this happen ??? 
I am so excited for a certain someone who just got engaged !!! 
I'm soooo sad to see < PROPFEMALE > go ! Love you girl ! 
New pictures ! 
I am tired and wish that I did not have to get up at 5am tomorrow morning . 
I'm tired , but what a good day ! My little sis is growing up so fast ! 
Just one more week until I start COLLEGE !!!!! 
just watched Free < PROPMALE > !!! 
is missin ' her college buds !!! 
is stressin ' and needs rest . 
The Shore , baby !!! 
is tired after an awesome night -- The Shore and then Sonic !!!! 
just finished another painting . 
really wants to see the following movies : Sweet Home Alabama , Daddy Day Care , and Pixel Perfect !!! 
is kind of annoyed , but whatever . 
just saw Fireproof for the first time and loved it !!! What an incredible movie . 
worked again at Pretzel Time for the first time in over two months !!!! Welcome back life . 
Less than two hours until I start COLLEGE !!!! 
is back from an afternoon of new experiences . Status ... tired and hungry , but happy and excited . 
Another beautiful , wonderful day ahead ! Praise the Lord ! 
I have now completed two days of college ... all the first class days . Now on to 2nd days !!! 
My goodness ... even in college , school wipes me out . Gee-wiz !!!! 
Today is a day of peace ... a time to relax and let go , a time for expression and restoration . It's time for rest . 
So tired ... six hours of work today . Awesome !!! 
I have a < PROPMALE > craving for Wild < PROPFIRST > Sprite ... 
Hmmmm .... 
I have a busy day today .... babysitting , hair appt , school , the shore and bowling !!! 
could really go for a Sprite or a Jamba Juice about now . 
Hungry for some quiche !!! 
is so thankful that she's not in high school anymore . Thank God for college !!! 
Wow ! The Orangevale Water Company knocked on our door and told us we had a water leak . Now we have to call a plumber and we have limited water access . How's that for a wrench in your side ? Lol . 
Tired .......... uhhhhhhhhh .......... huh ? 
What is the ultimate purpose of this life ? 
is typing her status on her new Apple Macbook !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has Skype now !!! 
Off to spread suicide awareness . 
feels good after a walk and meal with my family . :) 
Tired from a good day ... Walking to spread suicide awareness , In ' n ' Out with family , and < PROPFIRST > ( now Feigles ) wedding with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! What a great day !!! 
Can you guess ??? Yep , I'm tired again . :) 
is sick . :( 
I feel like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in You've Got Mail . \My head is starting to get fuzzy ... \"" 
got a French pedicure and learned about the brain this afternoon . 
has had a remarkable recovery . Thank you , Jesus ! 
is preparing for her first test today ! 
just cleaned house and is now going to take care of herself ( shower and food ) and then study ! 
is going to take her first college test and then go to The Shore !!! 
had an awesome evening with great friends after an easy test . Thank you , Jesus !!! 
is excited about the lovely weekend ahead ! 
got skinny jeans !!!! Woohoo ! 
has a burn blister from work yesterday . :( 
is now going to head to a meeting at Bayside ! 
is just thinking and wondering and pondering and speculating . Hmmmm .... * sigh * 
is tired .... But I must take on the day . :) 
Busy day ... 
Engagements , marriages , and babies .... everyone's doin ' it ! 
is going to do some vaccuuming ... especially in the car . :(( 
has had such a great day . It was topped off with a good evening with new friends ! 
is kinda tired and has a headache . Hmmm ... 
needs to join a small group . Any ideas anybody ? 
I think I'm ready for my three-day weekend of work . :) 
2 1/2 hours down , 18 to go . ;) 
7.5 hours down , 12.5 to go . :) 
off to Coffee Talk . 
16.5 hours down , 4 to go ! And I'm tired ! But God is good ! 
is tired ... just four and a half hours until rest . :) 
My weekend of work is over and I'm tired . After a good night's sleep , I will be able to take on a new week . Life is good . Thank you , Jesus . 
Ahhhh ... nice and rested . 
really wants to go to Apple Hill . Apple donuts & apple pie ! 
is looking forward . 
I <3 Lucky Charms ! 
My heart is aching for the brokenhearted . 
just finished describing what I believe in ... and learning about Calvinism . Very interesting . 
Off to start my 11-hour weekend of Pretzel Time . 
is tired . I may never catch up on my sleep ! 
had a good day at school and came home to yummy dinner . I got to see < PROPFEMALE > too !!! Good day . 
Rain is bittersweet . What would make it really sweet would be intense lightning and thunder ! 
My first Humanities test today . And then lots and lots of studying about states of consciousness for Psychology test tomorrow . 
Such a crazy day already !!! And it's only half over ! Driving people to Citrus Heights and Roseville , babysitting in Rocklin , live scan in Folsom , and my mom in the hospital for abdominal pain ( she's okay now ) . I'm actually surviving though . :) 
What a crazy day ! Thank you , Lord , for getting me through this ! Now to a busy , but fun weekend ! 
Another busy , good day . 
should go to bed early ... but will she ? We'll find out ... 
Muddie Buddies are a perfect cure for chocolate cravings . 
is tired of being controlled and kept in the dark . I want respect and I want answers !!! I have the right to them ! 
is ready for pumpkins !!! Bishop's here I come ! 
Yay ! Pumpkins galore !!! 
' s eternal status is tired . Fyi . 
Church was amazing . God is good . Penne and tomatoes is yummy . Shopping is expensive . Trunk or Treat is where it's at . ;) 
is happy . ( for now ) 
I'm so tired that my eyes hurt . See ya later , world . 
Awww ... another beautiful day . Lord , thank you for the sun and wind . Thank you for the air I breathe . Thank you ... 
is psyched for the holidays ! So much to look forward to ! 
Holiday season has officially begun !!!! 
is blasted from her Monday of school . Oof ... need to regenerize ! 
He is my strength . In HIM , I shall walk . < PROPFEMALE > to God my Holy Father . 
Go Pandora !!! 
Can I just say ... I love being a girl ! 
I object to school on Veteran's Day !!! I don't want to go to school . :( Is there anyone else who has school today ? 
is stressin over classes ! Dang ... they're all closing up and I can't even register ! Oh well , whatever happens will happen . God's still in control . 
So ... tired ... and ... stressed .... ahhhhhhhhh ! Too ... much ... work ! ;) 
just registered classes for Spring 2010 and I am so happy !!! The stress and agony is over !!! Praise the Lord !!! Hallelujah ! Thank you ! 
\sigh ... \"" 
Studying for Humanities test .... Baroque , Rococo/Neo-classical , and Romantic Eras . 
Mmmm ... milk and brownies . Can't get much better than that . :) 
Humanities is done and out of the way . And in < PROPMALE > today , I < PROPFIRST > a still life with white chalk media on black paper . So neat ! Then I went to dinner with a good < PROPMALE > . Good day . :) 
I'm cold , but my laptop is kinda keeping me warm . :) 
must begin the weekend work trek in a half hour . Woohoo ... 16 hours in three days . :/ 
needs a new profile picture . 
had an eventful day . 
Wonderful small group with my small group buddies and then seeing my daddy after a week of not seeing him . Now off to bed in order to rest for another busy day . :) 
Yeah ... no one should be up this early . 
could really go for a Sprite about now . 
could really go for a Sprite about now , as well as a thick , soft blanket to wrap myself in and a feel-good movie . I'm in one of those moods ... 
still needs a new profile picture ... hmmm ... maybe Thanksgiving ?? ;) lol 
I'm so thankful for all my wonderful friends . Life is just better when there are friends surrounding you . :) 
I love my buds ! They rock . I had such an awesome night ! Now off to bed before I face my wonderful 20-hour day ! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving , all ! Give thanks because there is always something to be thankful of . Have a blessed day ! :) 
Thanksgiving/Black Friday all-nighter .... I'm a gonna go for it ! 
now has a headache from being up for 21 1/2 hours straight . Life is good ... or busy . Happy Black Friday ! 
is up after sleeping for only 5 hours . Black Friday rocks ... well , sort of . ;) 
Tired can describe me ... yep , it can . 
I can't believe I missed the thunderstorm !!! Stupid pretzels ... 
My eyelids are heavy and I'm achy all over ... I wonder why ... Here's a hint ... it starts with \Black\ " and ends with \ " Friday\ " . :o " 
Work is over until next weekend . Thank you , Lord , for getting me through that . :) 
Church , Kat , and the Nutcracker . Good times ! 
... 
is stressed out ... just a wee bit . Breathing is of upmost importance , so that's my goal for the day . lol ;) 
Yay ! I got through the day ( definite accomplishment ) and it actually ended really well ! Praise Jesus ! 
Sniffle , sniffle ... what's the big idea here ? I refuse to get sick ! 
< PROPFIRST > Swift + < PROPFEMALE > Baby ( one of my favorites ) = horrible ! Just sayin ... 
Hmmm ... being sick isn't fun . :( 
It seems like everyone is sick right now . I feel your pain , everybody ! 
is feeling better !!! Yay ! 
Definitely tired after a long week , but so thankful to God for all that he gave me today . :) 
Woah man ! I'm tired ... but it was a good day . I did start my Christmas shopping !! ;) 
I'm trying to think of ideas of what to get people ( specifically family ) for Christmas ... Pondering .... 
is amazed by the works of Impressionist and Cubist artists , especially Picasso , Braque , Degas , and < PROPFEMALE > . Very interesting and * spectacular* ! 
God is so good , He's so good to me ... 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ... 
gets annoyed when people put themselves down . Most of the time , it's not even true . And I admit ... I do it too , but it's definitely annoying . 
Babysat for 3 hours , worked at Pretzel Time for 1.5 hours , and then an hour break before Psych class . Ahhh ... no time to write my paper ! Oh well ... not too worried . 
is in < PROPMALE > class , drawing it up ! Woohoo !!! 
Preparing myself for a 3-4 hours of homework ... 
I hate writing papers !!!!!! 
Prepare for craziness and exhaustion .... three days of it . Here we goooooo ..... 
Ouchie ! My finger hurts ... a cardboard box at work attacked it and left a < PROPFIRST > . :( 
Blah ! Not feeling great . I want a \sick day\ " again . Oh well ... not gonna happen . " 
The paper can wait for tomorrow , right ?? ;) I'll just read for Psychology tonight . There you go . Hehe . 
has made some progress with the paper . We're getting somewhere . Thank you , Jesus , for the ideas . ;) 
Tired and down ... but God is still good . That's what I'm holding onto tonight . My hope is in the Lord . 
I hate writing papers with a passion . It just rarely works out for me . Man , I'm so drained . Blah ! 
Woah ! Did I actually just finish my paper ?!? I'm in shock ! ( not really ) 
I got through the tests and the paper ... now just an easy project due tomorrow and then freedom for a whole month !!! 
I wanna read a good book ! It's about time . :) 
Babysitting , shopping , and seeing best friends .... this day is gonna be great ! 
I just watched the So You Think You Can Dance finale and I'm ecstatic !!!! Woohoo ! 
I'm so tired , I'm nearly sleeping . What hit me ? 
I'm working from noon to 8:30 today , so if you want , come visit me at Pretzel Time today ! :) 
Wiped out and chest hurting , but at least I'm rakin ' in some dough ! 
I'm having issues .... what the heck it wrong with my chest ? It's still hurting !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Vancea made my day when she gave me Owl City and < PROPFIRST > Buble ! She is the person of the day ! Woohoo !!! 
What a day ! I started out alright , but then work was rough ( for various reasons ) . But the ended with one of the best Christmas services I have ever been too ! Way cool ! I mean , a rotating drummer ??? Craziness ! Love you all ! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! Time for celebration and relaxation , cause God is so good ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! He is born !!! 
A rice cooker , a sandwich maker , silverware , and glasses ... what is my family trying to tell me ?? lol ... 
I had a great Christmas ! Now I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with some lovely friends at Chicago Fire ! :) 
I'm tired .... but I had an awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! Woohoo ! 
is trying to upload pictures ... 
posted some pictures from Christmas ... still more to come , but the majority are up . :) 
Pray for my little sis ... she is sick and has a fever ... poor thing . :( 
I saw the Blind Side with dad , bro , Kat , and < PROPFEMALE > !!! Woohoo ! Love it and can't wait to see it again . :) 
So I read The Last Song , by < PROPMALE > Sparks . One of the best books I've ever read ! It actually made me cry ... how'd you do it , Sparks ?? 
I have Internet in my room now !!! Woohoo ! No more living room ... :) 
Hungry ... 
is gonna go up to Colfax for a few hours with the fam this morning ! Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , everyone ! 
Happy New Year 2011 !!! This year is gonna be amazing ... can't wait ! :) 
“Therefore , if anyone is in Christ , the new creation has come : The old has gone , the new is here ! ” - 2 Corinthians 5:17 \ 
\ 
Praise Jesus ! I'm praying that this year be blessed and better than ever . :) 
just had a bad shift at work . Bleh ! I'm still trying to recover . :( 
I just finished Part 1 of Dear < PROPFIRST > . Ahhhh .... good book . Now Part 2 is the hard , sad , heart-wrenching part of the book ( just a guess ) . 
Rough day ( or at least afternoon ) , but I'm over it . Time to move on . Tomorrow is a new day . :) 
You know what my problem is ? My problem is that I worry and fret and stress way , way too much ! But I can't help it ! I need help . 
is feeling a little less worried/anxious/stressed than last night . Thanks , God . 
I had a good night last night with buddies . :) < PROPMALE>'s and a movie . 
feels better after a 2 and a half hour nap and dinner . It's good to relax and be mellow . :) 
Kat's here !!! Woohoo ... partay !!! 
My lip is hurting . :( Oh well ... 
So the norm is black , pink , or blue ... I'd say white ! ;D 
Up too early , according to my body ... I might be a walking zombie today . haha 
Turns out ... I am a walking zombie today . 
Starved , but just finished reading A Walk To Remember . :) 
Three < PROPMALE > Sparks books down ... at least four to go . Next book ... A Bend In The Road . :) 
Tired and ready to relax after 4 hours of rolling pretzels . I feel so accomplished ! 
I just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > & Leopold . Now I really must think about packing and then get some shut eye . 
Busy day ... church , leader mtg/training , and then Chico with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Had a great trip to Chico and then a great night at < PROPFEMALE>'s! Woot , woot ! :D 
American Idol !!! 
I went to bed too late to be waking up this early . Uhhhhhh .... 
is looking for a car . Honda Civic for 2K-3K . Year : 1994-2000 . Let me know if you see or hear of anything . 
I am in the process of trying new products for hair and facial care . Fingers crossed ! 
Getting my hair curled by < PROPFEMALE > while listening to Pandora . Good times ! 
Had a fun night last night and got a sweet check today ! Now it's the weekend ... not that much changes . lol :D 
just got back from a spontaneous shift at work ... what a huge hurdle to jump . Thank God I got through that . :-/ 
Drove up to Truckee today with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Lots and lots of gorgeous snow ... lots of it . Good job , < PROPFIRST > , for driving like a pro and keeping us ladies safe ! :) 
Ugh .... school tomorrow . Blah ! Biopsychology , English , and Aerobics . Yuck ! 
Tired ... but must go to school ... 
I got through my first day of school . I actually enjoyed most of it , except for being soaked the whole time from lack of headcover . :) 
Watching American Idol after an eventful day . :) 
Wiped out ... I may have hit a wall . 
Day 3 ... here I come . 
Got through my first week back at school . Class ratings ( out of 5 ) as of this week are as follows : Biopsychology-4 , English-3 , Aerobic Fitness-4 , U.S. History-2 , Nutrition-3 . 
Let God move ... just let him change us , mold us , love us , lead us , and guide us . Let's make God the priority , the center , the focus , and the passion of our lives . Let's do this together . 
I can see the peaceful glow of an orange sky outside the window . How marvelous is God and his use of color . It really creates a sense of wonder . Thank you , God , for creating color . :) 
Not as much rain today , amazing service at Bayside , work , the celebration of friends ' birthdays , and < PROPFEMALE > ! Good day . :) 
I ordered my books !!!!!!! Yay ! Now , if they will just get here ... lol . Patience ... I know . lol 
Wow ! Intense workout ... I'm really feeling it . That was great ! Loved it ! 
Just held a perfect beautiful week-old baby boy for an hour . It's those little things that make life worth living . Thank you God ! 
I'm really feeling that work out from yesterday . Mmmmm ... chest , shoulders , biceps , triceps , and abs . Boy oh boy . lol 
Yay ! I got my books in the mail ! Now I don't have to fail my quiz tomorrow ! :D 
Mmmm ... good workout . Here comes the weekend ... time to rest ( and work ) . 
I can get carried away sometimes . Thank you , Jesus , for still hanging in there with me , even when I do get carried away . 
God is so good ... why fret ? 
So I saw Avatar today with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > -- loved it ! Avatar is so stimulating , especially in 3D !!!! Highly recommended ! :) 
Watching the Miss < PROPFEMALE > pageant ... not very exciting , kind of disappointing . But whatev . :) 
I'm thoroughly enjoying my Peach Mangosteen Snapple right now . Mmmm ... 
I had such an up-and-down day . Ended up good though . Not excited about school this week , but ready to conquer it ( sorta ) . :) 
So I really don't like my history class ... ugh . Less than three weeks in and I want out . Uh-oh . Oh well , I like my other classes . :) 
I love Tuesdays ! Much better than yesterday ( except for the weird paper I have to write this week ) . :) I really love working out , especially legs ! Woohoo ! I'm pumped ... can you tell ? :) 
I really have to buckle down now . Pray for me , y'all! :) 
To-do list for the weekend ... History-read 3- < PROPFEMALE > article , and Ch 1-2 ; Nutrition-Junk Science assignment ; Biopsych-read/review Ch 1-5 ; English-read through < PROPFEMALE > 88 of Fast Food Nation & write a descriptive profile paper on a complete stranger . Okay ... ready , set , go ! 
Weekend ... awww .... 
Who wants to see The Lovely Bones ? Who wants to see Dear < PROPFIRST > ? Make a shout-out if you want to see one or the other or both . 
Hmmmm ... I'm having trouble with homework . Yuck ! 
I am shaking from exhaustion and hunger , but my paper is done ! Hallelujah ! 
Fantastic day ... learned about the brain , turned in my completed essay , wrote an in-class essay , burned 325 calories in about a half hour , and ran errands . Yay for Tuesdays ! :D 
I got Proactiv !!! Let's see if it works ! 
I am so excited about this season of Survivor ! It's going to be one of the best ever ! Who's a fan and who's gonna be watching it this season ???? :D 
Oh man ! I just got back from a very busy 8-hour shift ! Tired !!! 
What a great weekend ... babysitting , 8th grade girl's sleepover , 8-hour shift at work , church , another 6-hour shift at work , and dinner and a movie with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Can it get any better that ?!? :D 
I feel great ! I got a good night sleep , had an awesome breakfast of French toast with homemade blueberry syrup , and walked/jogged 1.8 < PROPMALE > with my sis ! Woohoo ! 
Getting stuff done gives one such a sense of accomplishment , doesn't it ? 
I think I hit that wall again ... yikes ! 
Long day , but I got through it . :) 
Hmmmm ... :D 
So exhausted that I can't function .... mmmmm .... 
Starving ! But I have the whole afternoon free and the house to myself ... Mmmmm .... :D 
I just biked 3.3 < PROPMALE > with my little brother and then worked on a little muscular endurance ! I feel grrrreat !!!! 
Mmmmmm ... I'm so glad that today has come and gone . I have tomorrow to look forward to . * sigh * :) 
My gosh ! Life is so crazy ! Gee-wiz ! 
Grrrrr ..... papers are so heinous . Ahhhhh !!! 
Mmmm .... full belly . Now sleep ? I still have to prepare for an essay and take an online test ... hmmmm .... 
So I have an in-class essay to write tomorrow morning and I still need to prepare for it ... but there are a lot of great movies on TV tonight ... uhhhhhh .... 
Things are looking up today . A break from essays for a change ... 
Oh no ! Sore throat .... 
Awwww .... to relax and do nothing and eat cookie dough . All in the name of having a sore throat . Hmmmmm .... 
Feeling better ... let's hope the worst is over . 
Sore throat gone , hair highlighted , bangs back , and rested ... ready for another day ! 
Good night , which ended with some much needed karaoke with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! :D 
Picking classes and planning can be so frustrating ! Lord , let Your will be done ! Help me out ! 
Ya know ... I've eaten so much in the last four days . This birthday stuff is not a friend to the scale or the waist . I'm gonna work it all off tomorrow and Thursday . Yay for exercise ! 
I had an awesome workout today !!!! Endorphins and adrenaline ... yes ! Then went to the dentist and got my teeth cleaned . Fluoride ... yuck ! 
Last day of 18 !!!! 
19 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pantless Dent Removal ... we'll remove your dent if you remove your pants . Bahahahaha ..... good times ! <3 you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thank you all for a wonderful birthday ! Now I'm 19 ! Yahoooooo ! 
I had a great birthday weekend ! Thanks to everybody for making it so awesome . :) Now it's time to buckle down and get to school work ... 
Watching Supersize Me for a Nutrition assignment ... I hate McDonald's! 
So my Nutrition teacher mentioned the Faith Alive Clinic in Nigeria today ! I was like ... OMG , my church totally founded it ! Go Bayside ! And go Faith Alive ! 
I'm so tired !!! This week and next are going to be extremely tiring ! Spring Break is looking very attractive right now ... But I'm gonna push through it . :) 
Mmmm ... I ate so well today ! Yum ! 
Gahhhhh !!! Life is so difficult and stressful ! But it has it's sweet spots , too . Today's sweet spot is a great workout outside in the sunshine . :) I think God made nature for our enjoyment . :) 
Sweet spot of the day ... making money ! 
Sweetspot of the day ... sleeping in ! 
Sweet spot of the day ... seeing < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and watching A Walk to Remember with them and < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
< PROPMALE > Hawkins .... hilarious ! 
Rough day for no particular reason ... if I had to pick a sweet spot ... watching The Biggest Loser with my mama . 
Ahhh ... I am finally registered for summer classes . World Religions and Astronomy ... should be interesting . 
just got back from two hours of roller skating with mom , brothers , and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Just curious ... who wants Obama's healthcare < PROPMALE > to be passed and who doesn't ? I'm just curious to see how many of my friends are supportive of it and how many aren't . What do y'all think ? 
Done with midterm !!! Yay ! Just three more days until Spring Break !!! :D Can't wait ! 
Ya know ... this whole government thing has got me so frustrated !!! I don't want to be controlled by tyrants who think they are better than me and think that they can do whatever they please with me ! I am not a child and don't want to be treated like one !!! 
So glad that < PROPFEMALE > was voted off ! 
I have to write a research paper on the following : We should/should not make a policy concerning a controversial issue , in order to make the world a better place . I have to present both sides of the issue and offer rebuttals to the opposition . Anbody have any ideas on what I could write and research about ? 
Tired ... need a break . Oh wait ... this whole next week I have no school ! Hooray ! Now to bed ... 
Getting ready for the week .... at Disneyland !!!! So excited to see my lovely friends in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Then Disneyland ! Woohoo !!! 
What's that you say ? Where am I ? Oh , well I'm in .... SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA !!!!!! Yay ! So excited ! 
I'm back from Disneyland . Now to catch up on sleep and get back to business . Thanks to the Friesens and the Forbes for everything ! 
Ahhh ... can't focus ! I should be doing responsible things , but I just can't focus . I have lots of energy now that I've physically recovered from the trip . I want to exercise and cook and watch movies and have fun ! Ahhhhh !!! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > & Julia ... what a cute movie ! 
It's raining out and I'm bummed . Sun , please come back ! 
Back to business ... resume , research , and classes . Hmmmm ... :( 
Oh sun ! How you tease me so ... 
Not feeling well ... stomach feel better !!! Ahhhh ... :( 
Whipping up some whole grain penne with tomato sauce with ground turkey ! Mmmm ... :D 
It's sooooo annoying when wifi doesn't work , especially when I'm trying to do homework . And especially when it happens all the time ... :/ 
Ready for a new day ... teach me something new , God ! 
You know ... the rain can be unfortunate . Shoot , I love the sun ! But rain is truly a blessing . Rain is the thing that helps our crops to grow . It quenches our thirst . It gives our world more color . It purifies and washes out built up filth . Rain is truly a blessing from our precious Lord ! Be thankful for the rain !!! 
Busy weekend , a little bit of homework/studying completed and now to start the week and really get some stuff done ! 
So my internet has been down ... what a downer ! God ... let it be fixed ! 
I'm tired ... It was good to see < PROPMALE > and Mette one last time before they leave ! :D Work was good today . I didn't get any homework done , so hopefully tomorrow will be more productive ! :/ 
So I've already worked 10 1/2 hours between yesterday and today , but I haven't gotten a whole lot of homework done . This not so great , especially cause I'm tired and kind of lazy ! :/ 
totally scored two really cute ( and pretty ! ) dresses and swimsuit today from < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Followed by car shopping ( in the process ! ) . Today totally ended up awesome ! :D Thank you , Jesus ! 
I'm tired , but I'm gonna get some work done !!! Website review ... here I come ! 
Yay ! Done with website review ! Now on to cleaning up the house and then research paper ... 
Tired today ... and I am avoiding my research papers today . Instead , I'm reading < PROPMALE > Northup's Twelve Years A Slave for my History class and studying . :) 
So tired and gah .....! I am not looking forward to tomorrow ... grrr ... 
Headache ... too much research , not enough sleep .... 
I am ready for a new day ! :) New day ... here I come . :) 
Fully belly ... now onto a full day . 
What a day of work ! 9 hours ! :) 
Done with work ... now to celebrate the 44th year of my father's life . Love you daddy ! 
Celebrated my dad's birthday tonight . Now I HAVE to work on my research paper . Ugh ... pray for me ! 
Halfway done with my research paper ! Yay ! Just about 1000 words left ! 
Lord , bless this day and let it be very productive for me . Amen . 
Naptime ! 
Watching American Idol and creating a summer to-do list . :) 
I apologize if a Best Friends thing was posted on your wall by me . Not my doing ... weird virus or whatever . Sorry ... just remove it . :( 
I don't get it .... why won't my computer charge ? 
Listening to inspirational 80's songs while trying to figure out MLA for my research paper . 
This afternoon ... finished a book for school , made copote ( Italian almond cookies ) , watched Survivor , and picked a grocery bag full of weeds ! 
I had a great day ... Anna's shower ( so beautiful and fun ! ) and < PROPFEMALE > play and dinner with the Friesens . Fun , fun , fun ! :) 
Just got back from work . I now have the house to myself for at least 2 hours . I shall finally face my paper and conquer it ! God give me courage ( and ideas) ! 
Made some significant headway with my paper ... just about there . :) 
Hungry ... and finalizing my big research paper . Mom says it's great ... hope my teacher feels the same way . :/ 
So I discovered a little while ago that I have a bruise that's worsening on my knee and I have no clue as to how I got it . lol 
just helped two friends figure out what classes they should take and showed them how to register . Good luck guys ! ;D 
My brain is fried !!! Why oh why did I wait until the night before to start a 4+-page paper that's due tomorrow ??? Woe is me . :( 
So exhausted ... but got somewhat of a paper done . Sleep .......... 
Got in a good two-hour nap and now just relaxing before a weekend of studying . One more History lecture , one more Biopsych lecture and no more Nutrition lectures . :) 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > !!! :D 
Yay ! I got off work 4 1/2 hours early ! And I still <3 < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
So I am looking for some cute white gladiator sandals ( with backs , no heel ) . If anybody sees any for under $30 , let me know . :) 
I'm tired after getting up early this morning and working this afternoon . But today was awesome . Highlights include getting up early and preparing breakfast for my wonderful momma , seeing my beautiful friend < PROPFEMALE > , and a sweet dinner with the family . :) Good day . Love you mom ! 
Gah ! I must write a review and study my butt off for the next two days . Again I say , Gah ! 
Internet's back up ... thank goodness because I've got a final tomorrow and need my e-book ! :/ 
Just got back from seeing the Dead Sea Scrolls a second time . Even better the second time . :) Now back to studying history . :( 
Got some great studying in ... now ready for my Biopsych exam . Left to do ... completion of movie review and online Nutrition Final . Almost done ! 
History Final ... check ! Studying ... check ! Review ... check ! Online Final ... check ! Now ... just one more day ... BRING IT !!! 
My Aerobic Fit teacher told me today that I am an athlete . I was kinda shocked . I ran a mile on the treadmill in 9:27 . Personal record right there . Oh and did I mention ... SUMMER !!!!!!!!!! 
It's summer !!! 101 days of summer wonder and amazingness . Just a couple things to look forward to ... Santa < PROPFIRST > , hanging out with all of my buds , < PROPFEMALE > coming , and getting a car ! Woohoo ! 
Headache .... ahhhhh ... :( 
Turning my room upside down , organizing , and throwing stuff out . Feels good . :) 
Bruschetta for dinner ... frozen blueberries for dessert . Mmmm ... 
It is so frustrating and stressful when you \ 
are put on the work schedule on a day that you asked for off three weeks ago !!! Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for saving me ! 
Oh my gosh ! Oh my gosh ! Oh my gosh !!! I got straight A's!!! I cannot believe that I pulled off all A's! Hallelujah !!! :D 
God is just so good ! He really does make things amazing and beautiful when we rely on Him and trust His plan ! Thank you , God . 
What a beautiful day for a wedding . Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! God bless the rest of your lives together . :) 
Fun afternoon at < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > Balbi's wedding !!! Awesome ! :D 
Off to make some pretzels , to wonderful world of Pretzel Time . :) 
Finally uploaded some pictures ! 
Yawn ... I'm so tired ! And I had too much soft serve at < PROPFIRST>'s Incredible Pizza today ! Blah ! Good thing I exercised this morning ! :o 
I got to hold beautiful and perfect < PROPFEMALE > Cunningham today for the first time . Congrats , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I just saw my beautiful sister graduate from < PROPMALE > high . I'm so proud of my girl . :D Now she is a high schooler ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow !!! Woohoo !!! 
It's amazing that we as humans can never seem to be satisfied , even when things are great . No matter how bad things get , there is always something to be thankful for . ALWAYS !!! 
Bummed that I had to miss The Shore tonight . I would have loved to hear < PROPFEMALE>'s testimony . It's a bummer to be sick . :( 
Feeling better than yesterday ... hopefully I am on my way to recovery ! 
Exhausted from being sick and working , but I'm in good spirits anyway . :) 
I had a fun day at work and now I get to finally see The Last Song with < PROPFEMALE > and my mom !!! :D 
Wow ! I can't believe it's nearly 1:30 in the morning . Why am I still awake ? Oh yeah ... Adriana's over . lol 
My Memorial Day : Made breakfast for < PROPFEMALE > and family , BV track with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and 8-hour shift at work . 
I really want to watch some Disney classics ... The Lion < PROPMALE > , Beauty and the Beast , The Little Mermaid , Lady & the Tramp , Pocahontas , and Mulan . Unfortunately , I don't have any of them ... :( 
Just watched According to < PROPFEMALE > . Interesting movie ... I actually kind of liked it , in a way . 
If you like this status , I'll post an affirmation on your wall . 
Time to make myself useful ... 
Just had bruschetta , listening to Disney music and chillin ' . :) 
Mom and Dad's 22 wedding aniversary and 1-year anniversary to my high school graduation ! Hallelujah ! :D 
Time to paint ... 
Good day ... lunch with mom , started my self-portrait , worked out with < PROPFIRST > at the GYM , and worked for 4.5 hours . Productive , I'd say . ;) 
Good shift ... now off to Leatherby's with < PROPFEMALE > and her friends ! :D 
Have a headache ... going to work . 
omg ... so many hours in the last two weeks ! awesome !!! much needed . :) 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ... 
Summer school starts tomorrow morning ... ugh ! 
I think I'm gonna conk out ... then think about doing some stuff around the house ??? Then the Shore ! 
* sigh * 
I had a good morning with the boys at the park . Came home to garlicy & cheesy Naan bread and SYTYCD , then 4.6 mile bike-ride with < PROPFIRST > . Work tonight . 
Hungry ... what for dinner ? 
Watching The Holiday and eating Jelly Beans with my awesome sister ! :D 
Hey guess what ?!? I bought a HOUSE !!! Can you believe it ? Actually a farm and silo for my wheat !.... Really ?!? :D 
Exhausted from a long ( but so much fun ) day at Six Flags . Shower ... Sleep ... 
Talking about the Bible from a secular perspective .... weird ! 
Great dinner party tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the Super Helper < PROPFEMALE > ! Need sleep now .......... 
Just watched The Changeling . Good movie . Intense . Now to finish up homework for class tomorrow . 
Just watched The Soloist ... interestingly odd movie . Don't know how to respond . lol 
Gonna be working about 22 hours this week ! :-P Omg ... cha-ching ! 
Today has already been a crazy day ! Christian preacher in my World Religions class this morning had an asthma attack when we started talking about Jesus . And then I had an impromptu call-in shift at work that was fast-paced and crazy . But I'm such in good spirits . :D 
has a headache from reading words from Chuang-Tzu ( The Enlightened Mind ) . Brain is goo ... 
Watching ... yep , you guessed it ... SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE !!! :D MmmmHmmm ... 
Busy day ..... had fun . Morning class , six-hour shift with < PROPFEMALE > , dinner at CPK with awesome friends and a bonfire to celebrate < PROPMALE>'s birthday . Yay for long ( and fun ! ) summer days . :) 
Ummmm ... wait , wait , wait ... RAIN ??? At the end of June ?!? What is this ? :-o 
Started studying for my midterm , saw < PROPFEMALE > and Nate , and worked for two and half hours . :) 
Study or watch Pocahontas ? I'm tired , so ... Pocahontas it is ! Monday will be study day ! :) 
Omg ... I am burnt to a crisp ! I'm beet red !!! Ouch ! :( 
I got my glasses ! Yay ... they're cool . :) 
Making yummy turkey burgers for dinner ! Mmmmmm .... my mouth is watering . :) 
Pray for my little brother . The poor thing has pneumonia . He's been sick for a week . Please keep him in your prayers ! 
Studying just sucks ! Why oh why ? 
Time to buckle down and read about Hinduism . God help me with this midterm ! 
Done with the midterm ... it was on Hinduism after all ! lol We'll see how I did ... ;) 
Watching SYTYCD from last night before heading off to work ! lol 
Tired after a long day ... actually , after a long week . Time for a day of low key ... :) 
Tracking < PROPFEMALE>'s flights ... she's now been in < PROPFEMALE > for an nearly two hours ! Yay ! Can't wait to see her ! 
Went and saw Letters to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Lyndy . And then visted < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at Pretzel Time ! :) 
Surprised < PROPFEMALE > at the airport tonight and then spent an hour hanging out . Yay ! She's here !!! She's actually here ! 
Happy Independence Day ! Let us give thanks and praise to God who allowed our country to be built on a foundation of freedom . Hallelujah ! 
Awesome day ! Amazing worship at church , small and steady 4-hour shift at work , and dinner , fireworks and Jamba with < PROPFEMALE > ! Can it get any better than that ?!? :D 
Heading off to work for an 8-hour shift today . Yep , that's right ... I'm opening . ;) 
Exhausted ... another great day . Long , quick , busy day at work ... then a really yummy dinner with the family and SILVIA ... and finally , GNI at < PROPFEMALE>'s ( pool and spa , with brownies ) . Totally awesome ! 
Just a random thought/poll/question for the ladies ... is there a parallel between the length of a guy's hair and his competency ? Just curious to see what you ladies think ... 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > !!! Oh yeah ! 
Spent the day with Silvia ... maybe tomorrow , I should get some stuff done that I need to get done ( i.e. homework , researching , chores , etc . ) . lol 
Exhausted ! Going to bed ..... 
Gave my iffy presentation in class this morning ( I was hecka nervous and couldn't speak ) and then spent an hour and a half talking to good old friend , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Exhausted but excited about seeing the governor in person , seeing < PROPFIRST > graduate and hanging out with lots of cool people later tonight . :) 
Great day ... so happy to see so many amazing people tonight . Love you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! :D 
Just one more day before < PROPFEMALE > comes home ... I been missing that girl ! Come back to me !!! :D 
Mmmmm ... risotto . :D 
Spent a few hours at Beal's Point , sunbathing and swimming with < PROPFEMALE > . Good times ! 
Left my phone in < PROPMALE>'s car ... thought I left it at Beal's Point . Thank God that I didn't!!! :D 
Why am I hungry ? I just had lunch !!! 
Awesome day ! Good topics in class today , SYTYCD , Italian-style picnic lunch , tour of < PROPFIRST>'s amazing property ( including horses , a sick clubhouse , and blackberry bushes ) , swimming , chicken fajitas and The Shore !!!!!! So much to be thankful for !!! :D 
Heading to San < PROPFEMALE > for a fun day with buddies ! :) 
I had another amazing day in San < PROPFIRST > with some great friends ! Pier 39 , Boudin , Exploratorium , Ghiradelli Square , Bubba Gump Shrimp Co ., and shopping ! :D Tons of fun ! 
Rough shift ... so glad I'm NOT working tomorrow . Tomorrow will be a great day ! 
If anyone has any old magazines ( fashion or colorful , preferably ) they'd be willing to give up , let me know ! I need some for a collage . Thanks ! 
Headache ... 1 1/2 pages written ... watched SYTYCD ( love it ! ) ... about to paint ... nervous energy ( possibly caffeine ) ... listening to music ... sigh * 
Gah !!!! Writing papers is torture !!! :( 
You WILL succeed unless you fail . 
Ahhhhhhh !!! Terrible shift ... okay , I'm being a little dramatic , but it was hectic . Almost nonstop for 5 hours ! Craziness , soreness , tiredness . Ready snuggle up , indulge in some milk and cookies , and watch a movie . Sigh * 
Watched When < PROPMALE > Met Sally ... cute movie ( definitely suggestive , in an 80's way ) . Now I'm relaxed ... that's good . :) 
Wishing that I could curl up with a good book right now . Unfortunately , there is the reality of writing a research paper to contend with . :/ 
46 hours left of this class . Then summa fun for three weeks !!! :D 
Why am I hungry ? I just ate ! What the heck ?!? Whatever ... I'll just eat . lol 
Approximately 5 pages down ... 1+ more to go . Oh and about 38 hours left ! 
Finished my paper at 11:01 pm . No stress , just a little help from mom . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > Newman ! Oh yeah , baby ! Hardest part is over . Woohoo ! 34 hours to go ! ;D 
Turned the paper in ! And lectures are over . Just a little studying before taking the final . And you know what that means ... FREEDOM !!! :D 22 hours to go ... 
Studied some ... hope it counts ! We'll see what happens . :) Now ... I could go to sleep OR continue watching a movie I started watching earlier . Considering that two of my siblings are not even home yet and I will therefore be woken up when they do come home , I shall do the latter . ;) 
I don't care what anybody else thinks or says ... GOD IS REAL !!! He is . He just is . And He can do anything . Anything is possible if you believe . 
Such a fun day ... horseback riding ( ahhhhh !!!! love it ! ) , blackberries from the bush , < PROPFIRST>'s orchard/garden , sandwiches from Vick's deli , and a water war with water balloons . :) Good times ! 
Now that summer school is out , there's so much fun stuff to do and so little time before school starts back up again ! Must not waste time ... to the next three weeks , that they may be the best of the entire summer ! :D 
Ummm ... yeah . I just got a CAR !!! :D Thank you , Jesus , for this car . < PROPFEMALE > be to God ! I'm so stoked !!! Eeek ! ( pics to come ... ) 
Good time with God this morning . Bought and planted some flowers with < PROPFEMALE > . And watched SYTYCD from last week . Relaxing day . :) 
I love when God speaks through you and uses you when you don't even know He's speaking through you or using you . I really love how God works , even though I may not initially understand . God bless you all today ! 
Excited ... excited because I got to see the Miller's today , excited because it's my momma's birthday today , excited because i don't have work for another 10 days , excited that summer school is out , excited that I now have my very own car ( I love it ! ) , excited to go to San < PROPMALE > ( to the beach !!!! ) ... excited , excited , excited !!! Thank you , Jesus ! 
Chicago Fire ... two nights in a row ! Booyah !! lol 
Posted pics of my new car ! :D 
Exhausted ... had a amazing 5 weeks with < PROPFEMALE > Z.L. . Excited for Oceanside/San < PROPMALE > . AND ... I have amazing friends . The end . 
Arrived and settled in beautiful Oceanside . Drove over the grapevine and through L.A. today for the first time ... and in < PROPFIRST > . He did alright . :) I love my Honda , although he could use a little more horsepower , but it was a nice , good drive . :) 
Wherever you are , whoever you are , may God bless you and may you give thanks to God for all He has done . :) 
First\ 
full day in Oceanside ... church in Vista , lunch and beach with good \ 
friends the Cunninghams , and a relaxing evening of chilling out . :) I avoided getting burnt except for my belly . lol 
Yesterday , I got a nice little sunburn that will into a tan . And got to see the Nelsons and meet < PROPMALE > ! Today will be even better ! Oh man , I love the beach and I love God !!! :D 
Yay for the beach and mom's spaghetti and the Coles and Jesus ! Woohoo ! 
Went to the San < PROPMALE > Zoo today ... pretty neato ! And now for a wonderful homemade meal . :) 
Last day in Oceanside . :) It's been good . 
About to take off for a night of driving ! Be home tomorrow morning , y'all! Then sleep ! :D 
Just got home twenty minutes ago after a night-long drive back from Oceanside . Can't sleep yet ... I have to wait a little bit longer for the sun to wake up . Then I can sleep ! :) 
Saw my girl < PROPFEMALE > Vancea just now !!! Love her ! And I saw The Karate Kid with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Sweetness . 
I have over 200 pictures to post from this summer ... they'll be up soon ! 
Ahhhh ! Teetered out ! Time for a shower and nice movie ... mmmmm ... 
Fun , eventful day . < PROPFEMALE>'s house -- Beauty and the Beast , collaborative acrylic painting , Starbucks , etc . Then work , which wasn't too bad . :) 
To Save A Life ... one the two best Christian movies I have ever seen . Oh my goodness ... what an inspiration and eye-opener ! 
I spent nearly 24 awesome hours with my girls , < PROPFEMALE > Popa and < PROPFEMALE > Vancea ! Tour of < PROPFEMALE > campus , thriftin at Crossroads and The Moth Hole , The Shore , and sleeping under the stars . Yes ... I agree with < PROPFEMALE > ... good way to conclude an awesome summer ! :) 
God is so amazing . He is indescribable . I'm speechless and in awe . Wow . 
One more day of summer ... let's make it count ! :) 
School starts today and it's my sister's 14th birthday . Good day . 
Good first day of school ! So far so good . I'm stoked for Career Planning ! :D 
What's wrong with me ??? I think I'm stressed . Lord , help me ! I'm like shaky and fidgety and nervous . Grrr ... getting books this semester is giving me a headache ! 
Maybe it's tiredness . Maybe it's stress . I don't know . But whatever it is , I'm really cracking . This transition from summer to school year is taking its toll on me . 
Man ! This week has wiped me out ! But my reward is amazing worship , great message and fellowship tonight at The Shore ! Yay ! Then tomorrow ... I sleep ! :) 
Love Is Not A Fight by Worth Fighting For . Listen to it . It's amazing . Amen ! 
* sigh :D 
Exhausted , but so good . Good times ... Apologetics seminar , late-night conversations with friends , and a great afternoon with some new friends . Mmmm ... good times . 
Bam ! Homework ! I have homework ? No way ! Ummm ... yes ! Well , I'd better get into homework mode , shouldn't I ? Mmmhmmm ..... 
Life is crazy . God is amazing . The end . Who's with me ? 
I was badly sunburned , was dripping in sweat , and lost my shoes . I was even spit on . But you know what ?!? None of that matters because our God reigns ! HE IS REAL ! Jesus is alive and MOVING ! I pray that if you don't believe that God is real and Jesus is alive ... I pray that God speaks to you and moves mountains in your life . God LOVES you ! Be bold and SEEK HIS FACE !!!!!!! Praise Jesus ! 
Haha . < PROPFIRST>'s battery died ... first time to have < PROPFIRST > jumped . Good times . lol I <3 you , < PROPFEMALE > Vancea ! 
Time to begin a new , beautiful day with Jesus on my right and God on my left . God bless your day today all ! 
Ahhhhh ... I have such amazing friends ! Thank you Jesus for all of my God-given friends . You're amazing ! :) 
My life is crazy ... and the craziness just keeps coming ! At least I'm not dying and Jesus is holding my hand through it all . * sigh ... 
So tired , but so blessed . :) 
Just finished one section of math homework . I need graph paper to do the rest , so it'll have to wait . I have sooooo much to read ( two chapters of history text , short story for English , and a novel for English ) and study ( quiz for history , test for history , test for math ) . Not to mention an analytical essay due in a little over a week . 
Dude ! Every single day ... something new to learn or experience or challenge me with ! But why should I be surprised ? That's life . I'm not complaining . :) 
Hmmm ... essay and lots and lots of reading ... lame ! 
For reals ? Cold ... go away ! You aren't welcome ! 
I shall be victorious ! Cold ... you stand no < PROPMALE > , especially because God is on my side . See ya ! Buh-bye ! Peace out ! ;) 
* sigh ... God is good ! He continues to show his love and his power and his amazingness ! < PROPFEMALE > be to God !!! Thank you , Jesus ! :) 
Ya know ? Driving time is the best time for thinking and praying . It's just awesome ... driving and thinking and praying ... with worship music playing in the background . Love it . 
Just made crepes ... second morning in a row !!! Yesterday ... strawberry crepes . Today ... blueberry crepes ! Best thing ever ! :D 
Dude ! Why does life have to be so darn complicated ? * sigh ... Jesus help me ! 
Kinda lethargic right now ... :( I should take a nap . 
Blah ! Essay writing . The end . 
Delighted , they dance all day long ; they know who you are , what you do—they can't keep it quiet ! \ 
Your vibrant beauty has gotten inside us—\ 
you've been so good to us ! We're walking on air ! \ 
All we are and have we owe to God , \ 
Holy God of < PROPMALE > , our < PROPMALE > ! -- Psalm 89:16 -18 The Message 
Dude ... procastination is so bad ! Why do I keep on doing it ?? :/ 
Today shall be a productive day . :) 
Doing homework ... bleh , bleh , bleh . :) 
Today was pretty productive . Tomorrow shall be just as productive . Let's just make this a productive weekend ! :) 
Okay ... time to take a nap before I tackle 3-5 hours of homework and studying ... 
Dude ! I'm sick of studying and thinking and doing homework ! Grrr ... :( My brain is officially fried . 
Quick nap before going to watch Nate ! :) 
Life is so busy !!!! School , homework , work , etc . I just want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my buddies ! :( Love you guys ... you know who you are ! 
Had a good night with amazing people last night , praying for < PROPFIRST > McHargue who is having a root canal this morning :( , and getting ready to spend the weekend in Yosemite . :) 
Feeling melancholy ... :( 
In Yosemite this weekend . I'll miss you all ! :) 
I'm back ! And so exhausted ! Going to sleep amazingly tonight ! :) 
So ... I worked 6 hours today . Good shift . Tomorrow and Wednesday shall be all about studying , studying , studying ... Math exam on Wednesday , Midterm due for English on Thursday , and a quiz for History . Lots to do ! 
I need new thin Sharpies ... After 3+ years of using them , mine are drying up . :( Time to get some new ones . 
Have been working on my English midterm ( which is due tonight ) for the last two hours ! It should have been done two days ago , but yes ... I did procrastinate a bit . :( Praying that I can finish it ! lol 
Off to work ... then to finish and post my midterm ! :/ 
Finally finished my Midterm assignment !!! It's about time ! Hooray !!! Now to relax and sleep . :) 
Hey ... if anyone knows of a psychology teacher who is relatively new to the field , will you please let me know ? I need to interview a high school psychology teacher for my Career Planning class . Please and thank you !!! 
I must take a nap ! Otherwise ... I shall die ! Peace out ! 
Woah ... amazing sleep this afternoon . Ya know when you fall asleep and the next thing you know your alarm goes off , after like an hour or two ? Yeah ... that happened to me . I needed sleep so much and I slept so well that it seemed like I woke up as soon as I fell asleep . Idk if that's good or bad . Hopefully I can sleep that well tonight ! 
Dude !!! Yeah ... it's time to take care of myself ! Eat , shower , relax , then a little homework , then The Shore !!!! :D 
Feeling and keeping aware that Jesus is by my side today . :) \ 
\Surely I am with you always ... \ " -- < PROPFIRST > 28:20 " 
Looking at colleges and classes , etc . this morning . Oh boy ... big decisions . But Jesus will light my way , so I'm not too worried . :) \ 
I sought the LORD , and he answered me ; he delivered me from all my fears . Those who look to him are radiant ; their faces are never covered with shame . -- Psalm 34:4 -5\ 
Look to the LORD and his strength ; seek his face always . -- Psalm 105:4 
Okay ... time to buckle down and study hard for at 1.5 hours . Ready , set , go ! 
Home from work , showered , ready to do a little research , then bed ! Oh , to sleep ! * sigh 
“Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart . ”- Psalm 37:4 \ 
I <3 Jesus ! 
Ahhhh ! God is just so good . My heart smiles to think about Jesus and everything he is and all that he has and is and will do . Thank you , Jesus . :) 
“Restore to me the joy of your salvation and < PROPMALE > me a willing spirit , to sustain me . ”- Psalm 51:12 
Yep ... so exciting things happening at the Galleria Mall today . Geez ... arson terror attack and the possibility of a bomb ? In Roseville ?? I guess these things don't just happen in the movies . Thank Jesus that nobody is hurt . :) It's such a tragedy that so many people lost their jobs unnecessarily today , though . :( 
I need a new battery for my computer ... it's having difficulties . 
“A man finds joy in giving an apt reply— and how good is a timely word ! ”- Proverbs 15:23 
The weather is so unmotivating . I just want to curl up with buddies and sip something hot and talk and watch movies . :( I can't wait until Christmas break ! Just 7 weeks left ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to decorate my car for Trunk or Treat . And we are dressing up as Thing 1 and Thing 2 from Cat In The Hat . Any ideas for decorating the car ?? ( Affordability and minimal prep is key . ) :) 
“All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching , rebuking , \ 
correcting and training in righteousness , so that the man of God may be \ 
thoroughly equipped for every good work . ” -- 2 < PROPFIRST > 3:16 -17 
Jesus is amazing . South Lake Tahoe is amazing . My awesome friends , < PROPFEMALE > Vancea , < PROPFEMALE > Popa , < PROPMALE > Mishleau , < PROPFIRST > Abdelsayed , < PROPFIRST > McHargue , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , & Liv Butler , are amazing . This weekend has been amazing . Yay for this amazing life !!! :D 
Oh ... and I will upload my picture tomorrowww !!! :) 
Yay ! I got all pictures from the weekend up ! Take a look ! :) 
You know what ? I just love Jesus ... thank you , Jesus . Oh my gosh ... words literally cannot express . My fervent prayer is that God would use me and completely and entirely mold me into his form . Oh Jesus ! Hallelujah ! 
Today will be an awesome day . Why ? Because Jesus lives and he is the love of my life . I am free because he is right beside me . Praise Jesus ! :) Have a blessed , God-filled day today friends . :) 
Jesus is amazing ... He just keeps on loving me and working in me . Praise Jesus ! :D 
Okay ... just about done with essay . Just need to edit/proofread and then I can post it ! Hurray ! Let's pray for an A ! :D 
Yay ! Just skyped and caught up with childhood < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tarchick ! I love her ! :D Good times . 
My room feels like an ice box ... but I am being productive today . Good attitude makes things happen . And another thought ... this whole getting dark earlier thing is actually turning out to be beneficial because it motivates me to get more done before the sun goes down , so then I don't have to stay up so late ( in theory ) . So I'm counting the time change a blessing . :) 
So I'm having issues with my computer ... I now can't unplug my computer without it shutting off . I tried replacing the battery , but nothing changed . Now the battery bar will show an X sometimes and the little light on my cord flashes between orange and green . Idk what's going on ... does anybody have any advice or idea what's going on with my computer ??? 
Anybody know a lot about Apple computers , specifically 2008 Macbooks ?? Please comment ... 
Ewww ... I'm in a weird , lazy , anxious mood ... go away weird mood ! I need to get some stuff done today ! Okay ... it's decided ... I'm going to get started ! ;) 
Homework Day #1 - No bad ... I finished interview stuff for CP and made significant progress on math homework . Tomorrow ... Homework Day #2 . :) 
“Trouble and distress have come upon me , but your commands give me delight . ”- Psalm 119:143 
Out late with friends last night ... too late . But good times ! :) Now back to real life ... lol 
Tired as heck ... going to sleep . And then yet another busy day tomorrow ... :) 
Busy day ... busy week , for that matter . But it is balanced ... and that is probably why I'm keeping together . Thank you Jesus for balance ! :) 
Writing this research is sooo overwhelming ... I have so much to say , but can't get it out on paper . The subject ( 1920's fashion ) is so interesting and there is a lot to write about and discuss , but I'm really having trouble writing it out ! :( 
Hey people ... I'm working tonight ... come visit me . Pretzel Maker in the Sunrise Mall . :) 
Went to Christ Community Church this morning , then met up with < PROPMALE > Mishleau at Buffalo Wild Wings and then registered for Mexicali 2011 at Bayside . Eventful day ... I am now watching My Fair Lady and about to take a nap before dinner . Then to work on my research paper and prepare for the week . < PROPFEMALE > Vancea will be staying at my house this week ! So excited ! 
Finished my research paper ... sort of . And then < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Can I be done with school already ?? Pleaseeeee !!!! 
I just finished arguably the most stressful shift of my Pretzel Maker job . Craziness ... but it's all good . Problem averted , I survived ... and I owe all the thanks to my wonderful Jesus . :) 
All I can do is smile and say ... Thank you Jesus . :) 
Black Friday ... here we go ... I'm working until 2 . :) 
Crazy shift today ... the first half was great ... nice and easy , not too bad . Then last 3 hours ... MADNESS !!! But it's okay ... I survived . Then we got our tree and I took a nap . :) 
\I thank my God every time I remember you . \ " -- Philippians 1:3 \ 
Okay ... writing my last essay for my last English class ... ever ( God-willing) ! I started it this afternoon ... and it's due tonight by midnight . But I'm halfway done ! So that's good news . :) 
Mine as well shoot me in the foot ... why do essays have to be such a huge challenge for me ??? You would think they'd have gotten easier by now ! Sheesh ! 
Yay ! Just spent the last hour and a half writing my last essay of the semester ... it's long enough . I just need to go back and make it flow . Yay ! :D 
Good day ... even better than yesterday , which was better than Monday . Got to study thoroughly AND < PROPFEMALE > out with a couple friends . :) Praying that I do really well on the quiz tomorrow ! : ? 
So tired .... must sleep ... before a weekend full of studying and Pretzel Maker ! ;) Just one more week !!! Wahoooooo !!!! :D 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a CARTOON from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) . There should \ 
be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a \ 
campaign to stop violence against children . 
Going to work ... 7.5 hours . The mall closes at 11 tonight !!! lol 
Exhausted !!!! After working 14.5 hours in the last two days , I am tuckered out . Time to hit the hay and recharge ! Finals week this next week ! :/ 
Need to study for finals ... so tired , though . :( 
Goodnight , world . I will see you on the other side of my math final . :P 
Yay ! Got through math final . I do feel like I hit a wall , though . I'm also sore from my mile run yesterday . hehe :) 
hi i'm kyrie newman & i love < PROPFEMALE > Vancea so much . IM GONA BUY HER THE BEST XMAS GIFT EVER & will give her all my moneys & i am a goofball who is really loud sometimes & has this weird face i make when i wear my glasses & i make the best potatoes for breakfast & i love my best friend more than the air i breathe & the water that i need to live x ) < PROPFEMALE > IS AMAAAAAAZING . <3 
Yay ! Excited for The Shore ... I love everything about it . Anybody who doesn't go to The Shore ( college group at Bayside Church ) should come , starting in January ( when it starts up again ) . It's so legit !! I want to see ALL of you there ! :D 
I have the most amazing friends ... I LOVE you guys ! 
Oh my goodness ... posted the final !! Done with English forever !!! :D 
Wishing I wasn't so tired and that it wasn't 12:30 in the morning because there is so much to do ... it will have to wait until tomorrow , but my mind is going to keep me awake for awhile ... lol 
Yayayayayy !!! Straight A's this semester !!!! WOooohooO !!! Praise JESUS !!!! :D :D :D Hard work paid off ! :) 
After a good four-day break from work , I must begin again . * sigh ... Ah well , it's all good . :) 
Going to see Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader today at Century Greenback at 1pm . Come and join ! :) 
Last night was intense ... please keep me in your prayers , especially for tonight . I need a new job ... I desperately want to get a new job ... 
Agenda for tomorrow ... breath , first of all . Second ... relax . Also , sleeping in , shopping , hanging out with friends , and Ugly Sweater Christmas Party . :) My reward for getting through tonight . Awesome thing is that Jesus will be by my side the whole time , so I need not fret . :) 
Okay ... so I was a little dramatic ... What can I say ? I was overtired and confused and just needed to release pent up tension from the last several weeks/months . ' Tis all good in the neighborhood now . Jesus got my back ... no need to stress any longer . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !!! :D 
Feeling exhausted and melancholy right now . Wishing I could be with some of my buddies right now . :/ 
Epic fail ... time to recharge and then go back and recombobulate ... 
For the first time in like forever , I got to sleep for 10.5 hours !!! Thus begins my day of relaxing and regrouping . :) 
Sniffle , sniffle ... :/ Time to sleep . 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Great day with lots of awesome people . :) Just thanking Jesus for everything and everyone in my life . :) 
Nerves are killer ! Nervous energy is irritating . Jesus , help me to relax ... 
Oh boy ... I'm tired ... But I have two days off , so I'm stoked ! :D 
Cleaning up the house and listening to Jesus music ... feels good . :) 
Awesome night last night ... The Shore is backk ! And good times with friends once again . Today , I'm painting with < PROPFIRST > Crooks before closing at work tonight . :) 
New episode of Ghost Adventures was more funny-entertaining than scary/creepy-entertaining ... something different . Still very interesting . :) 
I think it is soooo lame that YouTube has taken all movies off because of copyright issues . Now I can't see any movies !! :( 
My momma's making spaghetti and meatballs for dinner tonight . Bless her !! My favorite ... Mmmm ... 
Oh my goodness . I'm antzy and full of energy today . Need to do something !!! lol 
My dad just had me try his gin tonic , which I've never tried before . Nasty !! I told him ... Who needs soap when you have gin ?? lol :) 
So excited that the Packers won today ! That was sooo awesome !!! Woohoo ! 
Good day . Commitment to spiritual growth this year . Nate's 1st birthday/party . Kinect Sports with some buddies . :) 
Another good day . Good times with new friends ... mini golf , driving around , etc . Then Metro ... like drinking water from a fire hose , but sooo refreshing . And may have received an answer to prayer . :) 
Lots to do this week . Lord , may it be a productive rest of the week ! 
I just decided what I'm doing on my 20th birthday !! < PROPFIRST > West concert !! Woot woot ! :D 
Conquered my interview this morning ... no nerves . :) And it's an absolutely beautiful , God-blessed day outside . There is so much to be thankful for . 
Getting sleepy ... full day today . Prepping for interview , the interview , interesting mid-day meal at Chicago Fire with < PROPFIRST > McHargue and < PROPMALE > Mishleau , and then closing shift at work . :) 
“Ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . For everyone who asks receives ; the one who seeks finds ; and to the one who knocks , the door will be opened . ” - < PROPFIRST > 7:7 -8 
Packers are going to the SuperBowl !!!!! WOOHOO !!!! 
Okay ... another semester begins tomorrow . Duhn , duhn , duhn .... Signed up for six classes . Oh boy ... here we go ! 
Whoa man ! So thankful for today off after a long day of classes yesterday . Now time to get organized and on top of things ... and to order books . 
Flipping exhausted !!!! 10 hours at school today ! So long .... Need . To . Sleep . 
I love Egyptians named < PROPFIRST > :) 
Soooo tired and sick ! Lord , take this cold away !!! Amen . 
After 10.5 hours of sleep and lots of prayers and Jamba Coldbuster , I'm on my way to normality again . :) Thanks you Jesus ! 
Ebook or paperback ... that is the question . I can't decide !!! There's a $40 difference , but I could possibly sell the textbook back ( possibly ) . What would you all do ? 
Beautiful day in many ways . Thank you Jesus . Time to sleep now . :) 
I need a new profile picture ..... 
Man , God is soooo awesome !! Gotta love Him ! :) 
One more loooonnnngggg school day down . :) Time to sleep now . 
It's full of gratitude ... and it's RED ! :) 
Hungry for something ... And homework to do . But my heart and mind is filled with you , Jesus . :) Happy day . 
Oh yes ! I finally st < PROPMALE > ed on my < PROPMALE > journal !! Little personal victory there . :) Now to catch up ... 
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY , BABY !!! GO PACK GO ! Packers got this in the bag ... let's go Packers !!! Woot woot ! :D 
I love Kyrie Newman !!! \ 
PS this is < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Packers won ... all is well . :) What a great day celebrating in shades of green and gold . Yayayay ! :) 
Blah day ... ready for a new one . :) 
“Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . ” - 1 Corinthians 13 : 6-7 
God is just working in me and changing me constantly ... I am so full joy and gratitude . I can only rejoice in Him and His promises . Praise Jesus ! * sigh 
Yay for having a good day despite not doing much . Praise be to Jesus , the Founder and Perfecter of our faith !!! :) 
4 weeks down ! Yayah ! And still going strong . Now for a 6-day weekend to celebrate !!! Hooray !! 
Woah ... lots of rain . Let's hope we get all this rain of the system now , so that the next three weeks are full of sunshine again ( for birthdays and concert , etc . ) ! :) 
Beauty is in the breakdown . And He's breaking me down and reforming and molding me . What a BEAUTIFUL thing ! <3 
Love prospers when a fault is forgiven , but dwelling on it separates close friends . -- Proverbs 17:9 ( NLT ) 
Family pictures this morning . :) Trying to wake up ... lol 
Flood of thoughts and emotions ... sigh * 
LOVE . <3 
TONIGHT : Come see < PROPMALE > Mishleau lead worship tonight at the Bayside Cafe from 8:45 pm to 10pm !!! It's gonna be awesome ! :) 
Oh man ... God is SOOO good !! Yes he is ! 
Tired as can be , but so stoked for tomorrow !!! San < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! :D 
San < PROPFEMALE > was awesome !!!! New sites , amazing friends , and epic concert ! :D 
Studying , doing homework , studying doing homework ... trying to be productive . Then a 6-hr solo shift at work tonight . What a day ! 
Freezing in my room .... brrrr ... 
So tiredd ... but gotta keep going . I can get through the next week and a half . Yes , I can ! :) 
ATTN : Hey guys ! If any of you knows of a group meeting that I can observe next Tuesday ( 3/8 ) , PLEASE let me know ! I need to observe a meeting for an assignment that is due Wednesday . Please let me know ASAP ! Thanks ! 
My life is sooooo busy right now . But it's okay ... I mean , I'm not complaining . It'll be nice once it slows down a little , though . :) 
My goodness ... I have such great friends ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Vancea , < PROPFEMALE > Glatz , < PROPFEMALE > O'Neill , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Mishleau , and < PROPFIRST > McHargue for starting off my birthday amazingly and making my day ! Love you guys !! :D 
Blueberry strawberry . 
I had a good birthday ! Started it with ladies from The Shore and ended it with buddies < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Glatz , < PROPMALE > Mishleau , and < PROPFIRST > McHargue ! :) 
Oh man ... back to school tomorrow , after not really thinking about school or homework for three days . Oh bother ... and I have two tests too !! :/ 
On Facebook ... when I should be studying ... :P 
Well ... I'll just get up a little earlier to study ... lol :) 
In awe and amazement , could appropriately describe me right about now . Yep . 
Holy moly ... just gotta take in each moment because a bagillion things are happening at once ! Life is certainly interesting and not boring right now . Deep breath ... I'm excited btw . :) 
Oh my gosh !!! I'm soooo excited for what God is doing and has in store . I'm like a little kid on Christmas morning !! I am super excited !!! :D 
JESUS . The end . <3 
Oh man ... tired from a long day . Found out I got a B on my Comm test and a C on my Psych test . :/ Hopefully the other two tests I took last week are A's!! :D Busy and exciting weekend ahead ! 
Let's just see what He has does today . Shall we ?? <3 
Yay ! I finally took my computer in to Apple to get it fixed ... and it didn't cost me a < PROPFEMALE > because it has an extended warranty on it that I didn't know about ! Thank you , Jesus !!! :D 
Yay ! I have a working , fully-functioning computer , which also got a makeover , again !!! Yay ! :D 
One more week down . Nine weeks of school left . Almost half done ! :) 
Just got my makeup done professionally for the first ever ... woah man ! Now I'm ready to get this party started !!! All thanks to my wonderful bestie < PROPFEMALE > Vancea . :D I'm so blessed !! \ 
Oh and Shout Out to < PROPFEMALE > Tarchick who is getting married today ! Love you girl ! :D <3 
Oh boy !!! Relaxing after a long shift at work . I had to stay nearly an hour after I was supposed to leave , to clean the store by myself . S'all good . Sundays at work are a little tricky . :) 
Oh lovely day ! Long day at school , stressing about assignments , no break , dead car battery again , and exhaustion . Ready to get to bed early and start a new day tomorrow . :) 
Alright ... so today is going to be productive . Yes it will be . :) 
Hehe ... I think it's funny that every time it rains , someone comments as their status about how they don't like it . But in reality , the weather fluctuates so much . We don't always have rain or always have sun ... I feel like there's a nice balance in weather lately ( even though I don't care for overcast days ) . :) 
Going to work for a 6-hour solo shift ... Peace ! :) 
Just completed and submitted big scholarship application . Praying that God's will be done . :) 
Church was good . Had a good afternoon with my girls < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Glatz and < PROPFEMALE > Kaysen . Now for a much-needed nap and then 4 hours of homework . Mmmmm ... 
Good nap . Yummy dinner . Now to homework ?? Ugghhhh ... 
Blehhh ... did not get nearly enough homework done . This Astronomy midterm and < PROPMALE > History paper are so irritating ... they'll be looming over my head in the next 2-3 days . Arrgghh ! 
Woah !!! Flashback to first grade !! :) 
Time keeps slipping away ... deadlines are closing in . Gee whiz ! :P 
Pssshhh ... essays ... :P 
Blueberry strawberry grape . :) 
So I'm gonna be in Mexico on my Fall registration date ( and for the following 6 days ) . Classes at < PROPFEMALE > are being cut and reduced , therefore competition is cu t-t hroat . And the price of tuition is going up again . Gee ... getting an education is getting more challenging . :/ 
Be careful when driving tomorrow ... it's supposed to be ugly with lots of heavy rain and lots of wind . So be careful !!! :) 
Okay ... up to date on pictures . Take a look ! :) 
Puzzled . Perplexed . Bothered . Tired . Exhausted . Sleep . Sleep is good . 
So in need of a haircut . And time to meet with some friends . 
I shoulda done homework tonight , but I was chilling because I'm tired . I think that's okay . :) 
:/ Blah ... 
Feeling better ... let's do this week ! haha <3 
Okay ... I'm exhausted . It's official . But one more Monday down ! :) Only 6 Mondays left to go ! lol The next 8 weeks ... here we go . 
Exhausted ... good day of hard work , but need sleep . Tomorrow , I have a Psych Stats test and Group Skit in Comm . Hoping and praying both get A's! :) 
Another test down and Group Skit over with . I'm exhausted , but no time to rest . I've got a BUSY weekend ahead . Going to < PROPFIRST > Jessup tomorrow morning for an admissions appointment and campus tour ! So excited . Then The Shore !!! :D 
Check out the project posted on my Wall . Courage House . Please donate for this cause so that children rescued out of sex trafficking can have a future and hope of recovery . After you donate , please share with all your friends . We can really start a movement here guys ! I challenge you to do something about this injustice ! 
People are BBQ-ing today . And for good reason . It's gorgeous ! Thank you Jesus for giving the sun back to us . :) ( P.S. Please donate to Courage House :D ) 
Filling out applications ( no , not job applications ) instead of studying for my test tomorrow . At least I'm trying to put a dent in my to-do list . 
Soooo much to accomplish today . My prayer is to be productive ! Ready , set , go !!! Pray for me ! 
Just submitted my online application to < PROPFIRST > Jessup !! :D 
May the Lord bless you and keep you . May He make His face shine upon you . God bless you today , friends ! Let His glorious light shine on you today . :) 
So tired ... and way , way tooo much to do . I suppose I should jump on it ... I'm just so exhausted ! Jesus , give me strength ! 
Ya know ... it really is so wonderful not to have school tomorrow . So nice . :) 
Working to cross things off my list ... not done with today's to-do list yet , but I'm getting there . Prayers would be much appreciated ! :D 
Ahhhhh ... sigh of relief . No school for 9 nine days ?!? Whaaa ?? :D Mexico , here I come !! 
The whole registering for classes at < PROPFEMALE > for Fall semester is so frustrating this time around . I really hope that I can just go to < PROPFIRST > Jessup this fall . Signing up for classes will be a lot easier , if I do . The Lord will provide a way . :) 
Heading to Mexico today ! I'll talk to you all after I get back next Saturday ! :) Pray for us ! 
Back from Mexico ... best trip ever !! And I came home to find an acceptance letter from < PROPFIRST > Jessup University !!! YAY !!!! :D 
Today is HIS day . HE was born into our world , HE died for us , and HE < PROPFEMALE > again so that we can spend eternity with HIM . Praise JESUS for the incredibly amazing thing HE did for us 2000 years ago . HE IS RISEN !!! :D 
Gahhh .... four weeks of school left . Sigh ... just four more weeks . I can definitely do this ! :) 
APA format is giving me a headache ... why can't I just do MLA ?? :/ 
For a school assignment , answer this question for me : What is feminism ? Don't look it up or ask anybody else or comment on other peoples ' definitions . Just write a brief statement saying what you think feminism is . 
Goodnight world , I must sleep now . :) 
I'm having login issues with MySierra and Blackboard . Can anybody shed light on this issue ? Anybody else having this problem ?? 
I'm about ready to blow a gasket over this paper . I cannot WAIT to be done with it already ! Why is this so hard for me ? Gah ! :( 
Long day ... ready for a new one . Tomorrow should be much better . :) 
My goodness ... this past week has been draining , in many ways . I want Mexico sanity again ! :/ Jesus , I need you ! 
Not at all ready for school tomorrow ... grrr . 
Okay , so one more day down . Just two more Mondays , three more Wednesdays , and three more Fridays ... Then SUMMEEERRRRRR !!! Can't wait ! :D 
Confined by homework today . Only two more confined Tuesdays after this one though ! :) And I don't work until 5 today , so that's a plus ! :D 
Lunch break ... watching Survivor ( from a couple weeks ago , lol ) 
Can't wait until it's done and turned in . Blah ! 
When is this gonna end ?!? Oh yeah ... two and a half weeks . :/ Oh well , I have Jesus by my side the whole time , so I can do this . :) 
Research paper turned in , another Wednesday down . Now to recuperate by eating and sleeping to get ready for a morning and afternoon of more homework ! lol 
So exhausted .... but work tonight to make money ! lol 
I am really drained ... in a lot of ways . I need rest and rejuvenation to give me enough energy to finish this semester out strong . Therefore , I am going to shut off my phone and stay off of Facebook for 24 hours . If you really need to get in touch with me , call my home phone or get in touch with a family member of mine . Time to rest ! :) 
Exhausted , but feeling more at peace . :) I just needed time to slow down and rest . Mother's Day tomorrow ! 
Happy Mother's Day to my wonderful momma , < PROPFEMALE > Newman ! Love you , momma ! :D 
So glad that one more day at school is done . Only one more Monday to brave ! 
Okay , so my list of tests and assignments left : 5 final exams , three quizzes , a presentation , an < PROPMALE > project , an < PROPMALE > journal , and an online assignment . Woah man ... lots to do in the next 11 days ! 
So when school's out ... that's when I'm going to actually see people again and < PROPFEMALE > out ! Can't wait !! :D 
A free day !!! Woah ... this is crazy . However , I must do the responsible thing and fill most of it with homework and studying . Lots of studying to do in the next week . Study my brains out !!! Here we go ... :) 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > McHargue in < PROPMALE > Little at AR with < PROPFEMALE > Newman , < PROPFEMALE > Kaysen , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > Cartwright ! It was < PROPFEMALE > cute ! :) Good job , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just finished watching the Survivor finale and reunion show . Now ... to study for my < PROPMALE > history test tomorrow ?? Maybe in the morning ?? 
I really hope the rainy/cloudy weather decides to disappear before this weekend because it's the first weekend of summer vacation and I really want it to be hot so we can swim . :) 
A full day of studying ... yeah , my brain is mush . Tomorrow , I must study more and then perform well on all the tests ! Sleep first . Goodbye world . 
Ahhhh ... summer . :) I had so much fun yesterday , kicking off the summer with the pool/spa , BBQ , and friends . :) Should be a good summer . 
Question : Should I get a feather in my hair tomorrow ? Yay or nay ??? 
I'm not sure a feather is really me ... maybe next time ... 
Life never gets easier ... no matter what the situation . It's a hard life to live , even with Jesus and his bountiful blessings . I can't wait until the one day when there will be no more pain or sorrow , no more hurt or tears , no suffering . Can't wait ... 
Sad day ... going to work and then this day will be over with . Come visit me at work ! 
Went shopping at American Eagle !! 30% off everything in the store ! Got four items ... so excited !!! And .... I got to spend the afternoon with Miss < PROPFEMALE > Schue !! Plus , Jesus time . :) What a great day ... yesterday is now redeemed . :D 
Lady Gaga ... way too weird . Not even cool . < PROPMALE > McCreery , however , rocks it !!! That dude is awesome ! Woot woot ! Awesome finale show on < PROPFEMALE > last night . One of the best seasons yet !! 
Exhausted !!!! But I've had an awesome 24+ hours with friends ! < PROPFEMALE > Vancea , Brylan Riggs , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Glatz , and < PROPFEMALE > Popa . Yay !! Now to actually get some good shut-eye ... ;) 
Exhausted after a long week/weekend . Good times , no doubt ! Not enough sleep or Jesus time , though . Tonight is just the key ... the house to myself for a few hours !!! :D Just me and Jesus . 
Going to work soon ... I have the first 8-hour shift I've had in awhile ! Come visit ! :) 
Oh man ... long day . It was good , but boy !! It was so hot and the back room flooded . All is good though . I got through it . Woot woot ! :) 
I want my computer back !!! Apple Storeeee ... hurry up ! 
Working 5-930 . Come visit ! :) 
Achy all over from a weekend full of work . But today was productive and I'm content . :) 
Registered for Breakaway !! 2nd week ... AM . :) Yayah ! 
The sun really must come out and bring the heat with it . I wanna wear my new clothes and lay in the sun and have pool parties ! Pleassseeeee !! 
Dude ! This weather !!!! Craziness ! Water is literally pouring out of the sky ! 
ahaaaa !! i am OBSESSED with elephants . especially pink ones 
Another full day at work ... What's everybody up tonight ? 
Kinda thankful for a chill night at home . Kinda wish that I was chillin with friends . Whatever ... I guess another night . :) 
i have had a fabulous day eating donuts i love them so much . < PROPFIRST > is my favoritie person ever i want to give him donuts all the time and i love skipping around town shouting gibberish . tonight i plan to do something exciting like scuba dive in the bath tub . then i will snore myself to sleep 
Jury duty tomorrow ... Not really looking forward to sitting around all day tomorrow , and I REALLY hope that I don't get picked because that will dramatically change my next week . :/ 
Mmmmmm .... pesto pasta . Yum ! :) 
