Miss my xbox ;_; 

Just saw tron legacy . Wanna know the real reason Flynn didn't come back ? A not-aging < PROPFEMALE > Wilde . If I could spend 20 years with her , I wouldn't come back either . 
Everyone should set realistic New Year's goals . For example , my resolution is to continue being witty & devastatingly good-looking . Done . 
Finally got around to playing Half-Life 2 and Episode 1 . Fucking aweeeesome . 
97% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Pattison ( < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight ) standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn screaming \DO A FLIP YOU SPARKLY FAGGOT ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status . " 
Come forth mountain and claim my brains , and forever I will be stained upon your peak . And a thousand years from now , martians will see the stains and know ; there lies < PROPFEMALE > . 
If all my friends were jumping off the bridge to Voi ... I don't take fall damage , so I probably would too . 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . <3 
Going to Universal Studios today LOL Peace bitches . 
I hate walking out into the kitchen to find my mom and step-dad eating dinner , and thinking , \why the fuck didn't you make me anything ? \"" 
STELIO . STELIO KONTOS . STELIO . STELIO KONTOS . 
Life to death to life eternal . Stick a needle in my eye . This darkness \ 
is crushing me . If they only knew what I can't unknow . Cross my heart \ 
and hope to die . 
Such a little Thing . Fractal heuristic . \ 
Replicating < PROPFEMALE > . Fuck Altman . 
Just saw Iron Man 2 , was pretty ossim . War Machine was a big fag though . 
Don't you just hate when the person you're aguing with is either too stubborn to admit their mistake , or too stupid to realize it ? 
The vocalist of defspiral/wilma-sidr is Taka from the Underneath ? WHAT THE FUCK ? IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW . 
Finally got Bungie Pro . $10 well spent . 
NOOOOOOOO WHYYYYY 
Don't let your niglet grow up to be a nigger . 
WHOO . Finally . 1750/1750 in Halo 3 xD 
1200/1200 in Halo Wars . LOL . 
So everyone I was talking to either went away , logged off , or stopped replying . Awesome . >> 
I say life begins at arousal . NO FLUORIDE ! 
63 percent of the people who still own a Phantom Menace DVD \ 
begin the movie at the Podrace , and then upon finishing it , skip to \ 
the three-way lightsaber fight , and then eject the DVD and hope nobody \ 
saw them . 
Shhhh .. I need silence to mind-meld with the internet . 
Just spent the last half hour or so hunting down my sister's bf on red dead redemption , that was fun xD 
The oil in the gulf is haunted by the ghosts of the dinosaurs it used to be . 
WHOO ! My Sic dark kiva & Ixa is finally here x ] 
The fastest way to a man's heart is with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s fist . 
Oh I tell you a great story and I'm a ' liar ' , but < PROPMALE > Potter does it and he's your favorite writer ! 
Turns out I DO get some time off from school . Just two weeks or so , but still OSSIM . 
Not feelin so great tonight :/ 
Men don't have the 3-day eat cookies and cry period you ladies do . We have the 5 minute , ' I'm going to find someone who looks just like you and fuck her brains out just to prove I don't need you ' , period . 
Watching the original A-Team on netflix . LOL 80'S FASHION . 
What would you do to get the woman you love ? Send her a poem a day for a year , or give her the lowly gift of a headless < PROPMALE > bear ? Or put her in a burlap sack and hold her head down as you pass the police check point ? Well I can't write poems . 
A man will do anything for the right woman . When that woman destroys him , that man will become a hunk of meat with the common sense of a rodeo clown . 
Singularity has multiplayer ... waitwut ? 
Like\ 
this status and I'll tell you what I like , dislike , first impression , \ 
and a confession . 
What the fuck ? Just got an email saying my WoW account got closed for \Abuse of the Economy\ " even though I haven't used it in months . " 
Turns out as a student , I can get a free membership in the XNA Creators Club , bitchin . $100 I just saved . xD 
As of July 10th\ 
Halo : Reach preorders : 477 , 429\ 
CoD : Black Ops preorders : 194,271 \ 
LOL 
Morning wood ain't nothin ' to be ashamed of . That's how you know you're alive . 
Whoo . WoW account is mine once more . Fuck you whoever hacked it xD 
Just finished reading Dead Space : Martyr a little\ 
while ago , was fucking good . 
Why yes friend-suggestions , I'd just loooove to add my ex's new bf as a friend . Pfft . Stupid facebook . 
Modern Warfare 2 : November 10 , 2009 - September 14 , 2010 R.I.P 
Do you know how hard it is to play a vuvuzela while high ? 
Can you hear the symphony ? Screws go tight all around . Stick a needle in your eye . Cross my heart and hope to die . Life to death , to life eternal . 
Sometimes I wish I could kill people just by thinking about it ... err , sometimes I wish for it more than usual , that is . 
Of course < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bosch would voice Bumblebee in War for Cybertron . Is there anything he ISN'T in ? 
When you're born , you're pure . Unspoiled and trusting . Some say , it's \ 
the only time we're perfect . You're also born covered in blood and \ 
placenta . No one gets nostalgic about that . 
You whore ! Music slut ! Shaking those ears all over town , letting anyone in , get out of this room ! 
Let's go get some hookers and some Ice C-C-C-CREAM ! 
12 hours later , still sore all over and ears are still ringing . LOL . 
\I broke up with my girlfriend because I found a strategy guide for < PROPFIRST > Galaxy 2 in her room . I don't date cheaters . \"" 
All black bears look alike to me . 
I haz dilemma . Somewhat interested in < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The World . But I haaaaaaate < PROPFIRST > Cera . What Do ? 
I meant to go to sleep like .. 5 hours ago . Fucking homework , least that shit is done for this week . 
\My diploma is worth more than your life ! \ " - Dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE >." 
It took Jesus three days to come back from the dead . Master Chief and Noble-6 respawn in about 5 seconds . Why aren't they the basis of a religion yet ? 
Crispy M&M's are coming back in 2011 ? FUCK YES . 
Dad got me a mini-fridge . Fuck yeah . x ] 
DAMNIT . FUCK FUCK FUCK . Could not contain my curiosity ... watched Reach's ending ;~; disappointed in myself . 
Anyone want to donate some monnies to the ' Change < PROPFIRST>'s Gamertag ' fund ? xD 
Whoo ! Changed my GT . Much thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for hookin ' a nigga up with the points xD 
It's not gambling when it's a sure-thing ! 
Just sent friend invites to a bunch of people I used to talk to . Why ? I don't know , why not ? 
Apparently you can get fisted by a robot in Fallout : New Vegas . His name is Fisto . I'm not even making that up . 
ATTN : people I talk to on msn , add my new email : xfangirekingx@live.com then send me an IM . I still have you guys on my contacts , but you won't show up as online xDD 
Playing the < PROPFEMALE>'s Den Bioshock 2 DLC . Why the fuck haven't we been getting more DLC like this instead of shitty multiplayer map packs ? 
You never forget how to fight , it's like beating up a bicycle . 
Guns don't kill people , people kill people . Guns defend people against people with smaller guns . 
Don't you love when you text someone , and their BF/GF responds to it ? You're not who I was trying to talk to damnit . 
Booooored and nobody seems to want to talk today . 
Siiiigh . 
All's fair in love and achievements . 
Just another one of those boring , lonely nights . 
God damnit adultswim website , I don't give a shout about ' the virginity hit ' , stop showing those stupid fucking ads . 
Oh Tuesday , please hurry up and get here so you can wash all my worries away . 
Know how sometimes you laugh so much your face hurts ? I love Halo . xD 
My Reach Legendary edition has shipped ... and now I play the waiting game . 
Fuck yes my copy of Reach is here ! 
\I need them to see me strong . Even Spartans need someone to believe in . \"" 
You look good in dress , you look better on my floor . You bitch . 
Let me tell you something , a bullet sounds the same in every language . 
\It's getting to the point \ 
Just finished Reach , Legendary/Solo . Fuck yes , that shit was hard as hell . 
Being awake until 5 am is only enjoyable when there are other people online/awake . When you're alone , it sucks ass . 
What the hell ? There's a Dead Space 2 multiplayer beta , but its only being sent to some people , and it's only on PS3 . Fuck you Visceral Games . 
My boot wants to join up with your ass , and I'm about to throw them a shotgun wedding . 
A day without slaughter is like a day without sunshine . 
Test results ? But my wife is far too fat to be pregnant ! 
You hear that ? Hear that tone you're using ? That's penis-repellent right there . 
Here's what you do to meet a lady : You get your tour manager to find some chick , and when he brings her backstage , you pull out your < PROPMALE > . 
In short , I pissed in god's eye ... and he blinked . 
Age ain't nothin ' but a number , and the number I'm thinking of is $100 . 
Circuit City : ' There's one left , come find us!' 
Don't they know the order of shit ? You get famous first , THEN you become a heroin addict . 
There should be a mandatory retirement age for strippers . 
' Dr. Endicotts patented revitalizing snake oil ' is now called ' Vitamin Water . ' 
Thinking about moving , doesn't matter where , just want to do something different . Ideas anyone ? 
Wherever my girl goes , her smile lights up the room . Her vagina on the other hand , clears the room and makes it uninhabitable for weeks . 
Pride is what men feel . Love is for the ladies . 
You can't handle your booze and we can . Flying hover-drums all over Mozambique , I mean , who does that ? 
That was a gay pride parade ? I thought it was a Canadian thanksgiving . 
Boy you can take a punch , but at the same time you cowered a little bit . Now THAT'S a woman . 
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for\ 
certain shortages ? Well , I don't even own a car . 
Your denial is turning me on . 
Dir En Grey's ' hageshisa ' is gonna be on the Saw 3D soundtrack ? Ossim xD 
Whoo , got my school schedule all worked out so I'll get my next session off . :D 
Heard sirens outside earlier . My first thought was , \OH FUCK BUNGIE POLICE . \"" 
She's gullible , I'm bored , we're perfect for each other ! 
Repost\ 
this if you know or are related to someone killed on the second Death \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . People need to see that the Rebels are a band of terrorist scum . The Empire only wanted an active military defense for our galaxy , but the Rebels blew it up and killed Imperial troops and more importantly , civilian contractors . The Rebels continue to use ... violence in support of peaceful ideology . 93% of people won't repost this . 
Five words that every man will say at some point in his life . \We should buy a bar . \"" 
Don't you hate it when you have a bad feeling in your gut about something , and it ends up being totally justified ? fml . 
Today's technology , allowing my dad to call my cell instead of walk 20 feet to my room to talk to me . Yay . xD 
It's like my brain is a tree , and you're those little cookie elves . 
I'm such a boss I wear suitjamas to sleep at night . 
Oh crap , < PROPMALE > was Mysterion xD 
So , pretty much FML . 
\You would have me ... count my sins ? Then is it a sin to love ...? \ " - ?? ? " 
Why the hell have I been tasting blood all day ? No part of me is bleeding . Confusing and annoying . 
Usually when I see men in cages , they're kissing each other and I'm throwing pesos at them . 
Statistically speaking , the most bacteria ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an American woman . 
Go to check my texts . See I have 117 texts in my inbox . Smile to self . 
< PROPFEMALE > , just because snow is the same color as our refrigerator doesn't mean you know how it works . 
If there is one thing that can create a villain , it is women . 
Watching The Walking Dead on hulu , zombie gets shot in the head , could swear I hear the bleep-bloop of an achievement ... 
Look'it you ; < PROPFEMALE > ' n angel . You look like you fell into a basket of \ 
freckles . I was like you . I WAS LIKE HIM . Not a care in th ' world , and \ 
then it all tuns t ' shit . IT ALL TURNS T ' SHIT , KID . Look'it . Look here ! \ 
This's how y'drink booze ! 
Just pick a dead-end and chill out till you die . 
Only the first episode of The Walking Dead will be on Hulu ? RAGE . 
Tried out the pc version of OnLive this morning . Holy shit . Awesome . Needs more games , but still awesome . 
You ever look at a grave and think , \This is the most significant thing I will ever do \"?" 
Got attacked by a small army of my dad's < PROPFEMALE > tan dogs . Covered in < PROPFEMALE > little dog hairs now . Dx 
Check Yahoo Japan Auctions . See ever-elusive new UnsraW single for $40+ . Consider buying it until I remember I have no money . Sadface . 
Why can't you support my gibberish ? I'd do it if YOU were stupid ! 
I think of the times past when I had it all , I toyed with men's wives and their daughters . And in my pursuit of this ill-gotten wealth , I stabbed and I slashed and I slaughtered . 
Playing Fable 3 . Check up on family . White male character and white wife . Son is black . Swiftly and mercilessly murder wife . Cheating bitch . 
\There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept 
Screw < PROPFEMALE > . I pledge $50 to stop diabetes , and then I find out that there's still diabetes , and I'm like , \Whaaat ? \ " What a ripoff . " 
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love . 
In the stripclub of my heart , you held the key to the champagne room . 
The saddest and proudest day of a man's life , is the day he watches his own clone have it's head ripped off . 
Posting from new phone . whoo ! 
Fuck swype is awesome 
What's a little light cannibalism among friends ? 
Right now , California is experiencing pineapple express . 
Watching Family Guy : It's a Trap !, Rush Limbaugh is the rancor , lololololol . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
Ammunition makes great stocking stuffers . 
God dammit Gainax , you and your fucking trolling . 
Let's play ' Hunters ' for a bit , I'll be < PROPMALE > Cheney , and you can be my best friend .. 
Crying during every argument you are in , true sign of maturity ! 
Man , I just cannot get to sleep for shit anymore . 
Damn you Panty and Stocking soundtrack . Y U SO CATCHY ? 
\Want to believe it's not true . Today your pathetic smile is all too ironically beautiful . \ " -??" 
When someone tells me they \love me to death\ " I consider it a threat . I do not intend on dying . Take your feelings elsewhere . " 
They say blonde girls have more fun , unfortunately , they also have more VD . 
\Lets see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy ... That's no fun ! This should be interesting ..... \"" 
Tried to play QWOP . Didn't go well . He wouldn't QWOP-erate . 
< PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > is so jelly that I can no scope gaiz on my team and he can't . 
Know what's interesting ? Reading several year old conversations with people you used to be close to . Crazy shit . 
Saw the old < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > True Grit on TV earlier . Not bad , the new version is better though . 
WoW is like .. 2/3 the way installed . Takes forever man . Shouldn't have uninstalled it , even though that was monthssss ago . 
At my dad's with no Xbox ... Therefore , tonight is WoW night . Woo ! 
There was a moment last night , when she was sandwiched between the two Finnish dwarves and the Maori tribesmen , where I thought , ' Wow , I could really spend the rest of my life with this woman ' . 
One hour till it's due . Just starting Ethics homework . FFFFFFUUUU- 
Sweet , Going to see Gantz on thursday . Don't know shit about it , but looks pretty badass . 
She's probably hesitant because she wants to be the prettier one in the threesome . Gently explain to her how this defeats the purpose . 
Best quote about Black Ops ever : \Redefining ? Innovating ? A polished story ? Nunh unh . It was like playing through < PROPFIRST > Bay Presents : The Cold War \"" 
Today has not been good so far . 
\They're swarming in through a hole in the Medical deck 
Happy the \The < PROPMALE>'s Speech\ " was nominated . It'll raise awareness of the debilitating speech impediment known as \ " British accent . \"" 
200 Soldiers you say , Tiedmann ? Yeah , more like 200 paper-mache kittens . 
Just finished Dead Space 2 on Hardcore . Fuck yeah . 
French silk pie is so beast . 
WoW subscription ends in 4 days . Sadface . ): 
Dear california , its February . Y U so summer-y already ? 
Let's liven things up fellows , five grams of ' junk ' say I can shoot a piña colada off your wife's head . 
I just realized that valentines day is on like monday . Alone again , yaaaaay . 
Yayy single's awareness day is almost over . 
There's only three ways to end a career as a rocker . Overdose , overstay your welcome , or write Spiderman : The Musical . 
Got a GBA emulator on my phone . Playing FireRed . Nostalgia woo ! 
Playing Pokemon FireRed . Catch Snorlax . Nickname it after < PROPFEMALE > Riether , LOLOLOL . 
Dear penthouse forum , never thought these stories were actually true till today . Dressed up as a civil war guy , nailed a chick with pink eye in a taco < PROPFEMALE > bathroom . 
Are you whole again , at peace , in love ? You are no match for this warlock . My power will consume you every losing day . 
I can already tell I'm not going to sleep well tonight . God-fucking-damnit . 
I see you , you little worm , I see you . Behind your plastic smile , your bitchy pout , and your desperate need to be liked . Forget love , that ship sailed when you were born . 
You said you were going to prove me wrong , I guess proving me completely right works too . 
It's funny . When someone says they love you , you can't really feel it . But when they tell you they don't , you can feel as it drains you of everything you once were . 
Dear guy who almost hit me with his car in the Albertsons parking lot , be very glad I'm not Hongo Takeshi , else I would have stopped your car with my hand , ripped the driver's side door off , and beaten you with it . 
I don't love me . And that's how I understand why you don't either . 
??????????????????? 
The current Sun Chips bags are the number one source of noise pollution . 
I'm trying to do my taxes . Mousie Ruiz , are our broken bed-frames tax-deductible ? 
Just beat < PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > at Halo Chess . And he RAGE QUIT QUIT QUIT RAGE QUIT . 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Lawyer , my hair is now black and awesome again :D 
Right and wrong is just a matter of perception . The only way you can be wrong is if you believe you're wrong . Or if I say so . 
There is no such thing as good girls , only bad ones that know how to lie . 
