~ I wish I was still in MI ! 

The easiest thing in the world to do is give up , but if you keep it together when everyone else would expect you to just fall apart , that's true strength . 
my sister is graduating from nursing school ! 
Lost my phone ... please pray that I find it ! Kidz Kamp 2moro !!! 
~ I'm tired with a headache ... Kidz Kamp 2moro Helmet of Salvation ! 
Can't believe 2moro is the last day of Kidz Kamp ... Jesus is awesome !!! 
God's love is big God's love is strong ! Kidz Kamp 2009 has come to an end :-( I'm gonna miss my kampers ... 
pee in the cup pee in coke put it in the fridge so they know ... 
watching the < PROPFIRST > the menace movie 
Almost time for Kidz Kamp service at church and the picnic too ! 
Praise the Lord the rain held off and the Kidz Kamp service and picnic was awesome !!! 
Physical and TB test for school . 
tired ..... 
~ I've missed out on a lot to get to where I am but I wouldn't change it for the world ! 
tb test results tomorrow . Monday is the big day ! 
\The growth and delevopment of people is the highest calling of leadership . \"" 
It was a normal morning until I woke up and looked outside ... bright pink flamingos . We too have now been flocked !... lol 
I just heard on the radio that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > passed away ! < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett also passed away earlier today ! 
I a friend with 3 children looking for low income housing based on income any ideas of where she can look ? 
Orientation was today all went well but I discovered my first clinical is on the same day as the bridal shower . Please say a prayer that I will be able to work it out . I can't miss either . The invites have already gone out and I cant miss clinic . 
Not ready for Monday its right around the corner 
so much to do ... no time to do it ... but it must all get done ! 
Making lunches 4 2moro ... then got more hw to do . Text or leave a message ! 
homework ! 
Happy 4th of July everyone ! I am so thankful for our freedom !!! Have fun & be safe ! 
getting back to studying SO MUCH TO LEARN ... how will my brain fit it all ? text or leave it :-) 
so tired more studying then bed ! text or leave one ! < PROPMALE > :-) 
~ I am glad I waited ! 
~ Arimatherapy starts 2moro . Studying like nothing else . 
is stuck ... Ima Dock , MD , is able to visualize organ A of her patient in midsagittal , frontal , and transverse body planes . Which of the following is organ A . ( a . Kidney ) ( b . Spleen ) ( c . Gallbladder ) ( d . Urinary bladder ) 
~ the school week is finally over ! Getting ready for the shower ! 
~ text me .... 
goodnight ~ Keeping you in prayer ! 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
The bridal shower was a success and the pics are all posted ! Take a look . The wedding is slowly creaping up on us all ! 
text or call :-) have a great day ! 
trying to come up with a name for my massage therapy business ... Any suggestions ? 
is soooo tired ... going to take a nap . 
Yay ! Its friday !! 
has clinic in the morning 
cant figure out my STUPID text book and its STUPID website !!! 
Going to study for my Kines final 2morrow ! 
TGI thursday ! Finals are over . New classes start monday ! 
Lots of Homework and studying ... ttyl ! 
Goodnight busy week ahead . school , hw , studying , and appts , sleep in the mix at some point . Hope everyone has a great week ! 
~ Drop Dead < PROPFIRST > has been to my house ... All of our butter knives are missing .... Well off to hw and studying ! ttyl 
I am your praying hands ; you are my saying grace ... Goodnight ! 
I'm so far away from the only place I know I should be so find me and take me Come like the day , come < PROPMALE > away this darkness I've been living here so long and I give up come wash away everything I've built between us And I will sing unending songs of Yo 
Getting ready ! 
clinic tomorrow .... reading Finding God in the Shack ! 
You and I are made to worship You and I are called to love You and I are forgiven and free You and I embrace surrender You and I chose to believe You and I will see who we were meant to be ! 
time for hw ! 
A&P tomorrow plus the owner will be sitting in on our class ... Studying and hanging out with my fav person ! 
Good Night ! 
praying for all the victims of the shooting @ LAFitness . 
Finally a weekend off ! 
just made chocolate peanut butter brownies for dinner tonight ... yummy ! 
I didn't see or do anything ... you can't prove it ! 
please don't fight these hands our holding you ... 
is praying ... 
Have you been standing on your own feet too long Have you been looking for a place where you belong 
A very < PROPFEMALE > unbirthday to you 
~ Found a wonderful new tea ~ Spice Nut Mate has all the caffeine of coffee but also minerals and antioxidents ( its a natural antidepressant and an appetite supersant) ! Yummy !! 
~ but the beat goes on .... 
lalala lalala .... 
Did you ever look at a picture of yourself and see a stranger in the background ? It makes you wonder how many people have pictures of you ... 
How many moments in life could you look back to and think \That's when it all changed .. " 
We do not lose heart . . . For this slight momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of < PROPFEMALE > beyond all comparison . . . We look to the things that are unseen . . . because the things that are unseen are eternal . 2 Corinthians 4:16 -18 . ( ESV ) 
Anyone able to babysit tonight at my house ? 
.... back to reality vaca is over :-( 
Go green ... recycle congress/size matters reduces goverment ! ( Fox ) 
~ I just want to drown in music ~ 
Why the heck anyone would agree to this national health care is beyond me ... maybe its because they haven't actually read it ... End of life conseling ......... WTF 
Trying to figure out the meaning of this blue light and drink lavender lemonade 
Goodnight ! 
Making potato leek soup for school tomorrow .... Yummy ! 
tomorrow's lunch is complete ! 
Good tattoos are not cheap : Cheap tattoos are not good ! 
uploading new photos 
The festival was wonderful found some beautiful new jewerly , new cds , and the food was good too ! 
going to take measurements in my bedroom then out to get items for much needed improvements ... pic to follow ~ peace to all 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . 
Who wants stuffed shells for lunch tomorrow ? 
~ I did , I can , I am , I will ! ~ 
< PROPFEMALE > grams are yummy ! 
Someone once said ; ' It’s the good girls who keep diaries . The bad girls never have the time . Me I just wanna live a life I’m gonna remember . Even if I don’t write it down . 
Going to set the past a blaze , as the fire turns into ash I will take control back ! 
~ Sometimes you need someone that is different like you , to see that your different like them . ~ 
Class was awesome today ! Wish all classes could be as great . The Alxeander Technique is Amazing !!! 
I've got a feeling 
Mais < PROPFEMALE > contexte est plus fort que < PROPFEMALE > concept/Son mec se jette dans < PROPFEMALE > s flammes et il se lave avec . 
It's 2011 ! Let see what this year has to offer ... 
people piss me off 
doing marketing research and homework and finding many great quotes 
doing marketing research ..... 
wild n ' crazy on top 
listening to letters to < PROPFIRST > ... 
I sit and wait does an angel contemplate my fate 
~ empowered with gratitude , attention and reputation to go beyond the call and transform through exploring or initiating change .... 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how geeky , adorable or whatever we all were !!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of everyone . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
time for sweet dreams ... zzzzzzzzz 
The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
I am here in this moment . 
Life can be found only in the present moment . The past is gone , the future is not yet here , and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment , we cannot be in touch with life . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world ; it is the hardest and most important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment . - < PROPMALE > Levine 
Most people are afraid of suffering . But suffering is a kind of mud to help the lotus flower grow . There cannot be a lotus flower without the mud . - Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
black and tan 
The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet . It must take place within one's own mind and heart . - < PROPMALE > Levine 
no longer a fan of two hours delays since they no longer effect me in a positive way 
If you light a lamp for somebody , it will also brighten your path . ~ Buddhist Saying 
reading legalese and yes I am understanding it 
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind . Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten . ~ Buddhist Saying 
Sometimes I`m a million colors Sometimes I`m black and white I am all extremes Try to figure me out you never can There`s so many things I am 
To be a warrior is to learn to be genuine in every moment of your life . ~ Chogyam Trungpa 
~ be your own catalyst ~ 
Someone once said ; It’s the good girls who keep diaries . The bad girls never have the time . Me I just wanna live a life I’m gonna remember . Even if I don’t write it down . 
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments , but what is woven into the lives of others . ~ Pericles 
one step at a time ... I am home 
I cant believe I am seeing this correctly Career Training Academy Closed Monday Submitted at : 7:12 PM EST on Sunday , Feb 7 
it was fun snow day while it lasted ... it maybe a once in a lifetime 
How do you know your going to do something , untill you do it ? - J . D . Salinger 
Career Training Academy - North Hills 10 AM Start Submitted at : 9:48 PM EST on Wednesday , Feb 10 
is ne1 else having a prob w fb chat ? 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . We ask oursevles , Who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? ... And as we let our own light shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . ~ Marianne Williamson 
Life is an opportunity , benefit from it . Life is a beauty , admire it . Life is a dream , realize it . Life is a challenge , meet it . Life is a duty , complete it . Life is a game , play it . Life is a promise , fulfill it . Life is sorrow , overcome it . Life is a song , sing it . Life is a struggle , accept it . Life is a tragedy , confront it . Life is an adventure , dare it . Life is luck , make it . 
7/10/10 is gonna be awesome ! 
Freedom is the basic condition for you to touch life , to touch the blue sky , the trees , the birds , the tea , and the other person . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > ( Anger : Wisdom for Cooling the Flames ) 
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind . Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > once wrote : Do not look back and grieve over the past , for it is gone ; and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering . 
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface , getting it back to that humble and tender spot where , with luck , it can lose its anger and become compassion again . ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile , but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
who wants a blue < PROPFEMALE > ? 
< PROPFIRST > roads aint made for walkin spinning tires aint made for stoppin 
~ you only live once ... if you're lucky , some people don't live at all ~ LVC 
If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they're supposed to , without trying to control the outcome , then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully . The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself . ~ 
Sometimes , a hug is all what we need . 
~ To err is human , to forgive divine ~ < PROPFIRST > Pope 
~ True peace is found in this moment . Acceptance is the 1st step to inner calm . ~ Praying for peace to spread like wild fire ... ~ It isn't enough to talk about peace , one must believe it . And it isn't enough to to believe in it , one must work for it . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I am currently working on my English project ... 
Why am I making this harder than it has to be ? 
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion . You must set yourself on fire . ~ Arnold H . Glasow 
A gossip is a person who creates the smoke in which other people assume there's fire . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Present-moment living , getting in touch with your now , is at the heart of effective living . When you think about it , there really is no other moment you can live . Now is all there is , and the future is just another present moment to live when it arrives . ~ < PROPMALE > Dyer 
~ Journey from self to Self and find the mine of gold ~ 
Hope sees the invisible , feels the intangible , and achieves the impossible . - Anonymous 
Maybe we're more than who we think we are . Or maybe not ... 
Nobody puts Baby in a corner 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . ~ Lao Tzu 
Thanks for fb love , texts , and birthday wishes ! 
Tonight on < PROPFIRST > Kimmel Live ~ Lilith founder < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan teams with Emmylou < PROPMALE > for a special performance of McLachlan’s hit song “Angel” ! 
Every song ends , but is that any reason not to enjoy the music ? 
is listening to the wind blow and watching the trees dance to the music of the universe 
any hoosiers ... 
Sometimes it's those little unexpected things in life that can make a big difference in our lives ... Embrace and welcome the unexpected 
always remember to smile like you mean it because you never know who's day you are going to make brighter ... 
If we could see the mircle of a single flower clearly our whole world would change . ~ Buddha 
Better than a thousand hollow words , is one word that brings peace . 
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth , so virtue appears from good deeds , and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind . To walk safely through the maze of human life , one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue . 
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground . 
In a controvery the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth , and have begun striving for ourselves . 
Pay it forward ! 
is in pain 
The positive thinker sees the invisible , feels the intangible , and achieves the impossible ... 
~ wisdom is in the mind of the beholder ... 
If u cannot change it then accept it , if cannot accept it then change it ... 
Peace begins with a smile ... 
doing research on netbooks vs laptops which is better ... cost , brand , value , ect ... any thoughts ? 
\We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark ; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light . \ " - Plato " 
\Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment . \ " - Rumi " 
like a tear drop in your pond 
Playing in traffic ... 
one paper down and one to go ... 
la la la ... 
What kind of tree can you be down , there on the floor ?... I'm a freaking shrub , alright ! 
Going to sleep soon for the rest of the evening 
is unavailable , so leave a comment and i'll get back to you later ... 
happy happy joy joy !... 
Beer b4 liquor never sicker ... 
Communication is not always my strong suit ... I have trouble saying what i mean 
Whatever it takes ... if u want it , make it happen ! 
~ so tired having trouble staying awake today ... ~ Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers ! 
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie center of a tootsie pop ? ... the world may never know ... 
~ is uncomplicated ~ 
~ I think , therefore I am ~ 
feeling the onset of a migraine ... going to cool dark place ... 
Good Night ... 
not feeling so well ... 
Oh where oh where are my car keys ? 
Is willing to pay someone to drive me into school since i cant find my car keys 
I like the rain ... its fun to dance in ! 
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us , but by how we react to what happens ; not by what life brings to us , but by the attitude we bring to life . A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . It is a catalyst ... a spark that creates extraordinary results . 
wonders how I got so lucky and blessed ... 
Living in present moment with a more clear understanding and awareness of conscienceness ... beautiful 
thirsty for knoweledge ... expanding the horizons 
It amazing the knowledge that comes from within when you trust your intuition 
writing my research papers ... on ALS ... and the other on dr. simons ... 
I am thankful for small mercies . I compared notes with one of my friends who expects everything of the universe , and is disappointed when anything is less than the best , and I found that I begin at the other extreme , expecting nothing , and am always full of thanks for moderate goods . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
My research is turning up so many interesting things to ponder ... 
With my sisters ... 
car is finally inspected ... 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ... 
time to get a shower ... 
getting ready to go see my parents before they leave to fly home ... 
~ I am here ~ 
homemade bbq sauce is cooking ... yummy ! 
now that's a storm ... 
having trouble positivley wording what I want to say .... 
Wonder why it is that all my fav desserts contain dairy ?... 
awareness 
Path is finished , read over wellness , looking for psych book ... 
ever feel like you are lost in translation ... 
With so many questions how does one know which one to ask ?... 
wonders how many cups of coffee constitutes as breakfast ... 
tigerlily ... 
awareness and discovery ... 
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . ~ e.e. cummings 
This book may very well change my life or at least the way i handle it ... 
You can't teach anybody anything , only make them realize the answers are already inside them . ~ Galileo 
Sitting quietly , doing nothing , spring comes , \ 
and the grass grows by itself . \ 
Zen saying 
Is all really fair in love and war ?... 
The more its put to use ... the more it is useful 
along the journey when one path ends remember it is the begining of a new one ... 
We are what we think . All that we are arises with our thoughts . With our thoughts we make the world . 
stop trying to catch it , \ 
release your tight grip , \ 
open your hand\ 
and wait ... 
Excellence is an < PROPMALE > won by training and habituation . We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence , but rather we have those because we have acted rightly . We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence , then , is not an act but a habit . \ 
- -- Aristotle 
There comes a point in your life when you realize :\ 
Who matters , \ 
Who never did , \ 
Who won't anymore ... \ 
And who always will . \ 
So , don't worry about people from your past , There's a reason why they didn't make it to your future . 
Sonogram says it's a BOY !!! Can't wait to meet < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!! ? 
Leaving the drama behind ... I'll b in neverland ... 
Back to reality ... 
Just smile ... 
Hope shimmers on the horizon ... 
Kiss the rain 
Tell me and I forget . \ 
Teach me and I remember , \ 
Involve me and I learn . \\ 
Bring it ... 
Playing stds with the fam ... and doing shots with my brother 
We laughed until we cried 
I would like to ask everyone to pray for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... 
Pray for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
How far is heaven ... 
When you only have a hundred years to live ... 
A smile costs nothing but gives much . It enriches those who receive without making poorer those who give . It takes but a moment , but the memory of it sometimes lasts forever ... 
~ The problem with communication is the illusion that is has occurred . ~ 
Where there is love , there is no question ... 
~ and if you choose not to decide you still have made a choice ... ~ Rush 
Hope is a thing with feathers that perched in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all . - < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
Congratulations to Will & < PROPFEMALE > on their 11yr anniversary and also on their wedding day ! 
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . ~ E . E . Cummings 
I'm taking a poll ~ I want to know what are your favorite kind of flowers ? 
Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . It is National Daughter's Week - I have a beautiful daughter that I love with all my heart 
My bed is warm and cozy ~ can't I just stay wrapped up in my blankets ? 
Working on my paper 
May I pray for you ? And if so , anything specific for which you would like prayer ? 
So much to do ... 
Something new is on the horizon ... 
Beauty lies in diversity ... We should be proud of the things that make us different . For , it is the things that make us different , that make us who we are ! 
ready to go ... 
my grandmother just told me she finally discovered the real meaning of puff the magic dragon the other day ... 
Dance what you feel not what you think ... 
My baby sister turns 21 today !!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > <3 
do you like green eggs and ham ? 
Ready for what comes next !!! 
Today is gonna be awesomely filled with joy and joyness ! 
Its been a long , fun filled day ... Gonna do it all over again tomorrow ... like groundhog day , ecept things change 
exhausted ... falling asleep sitting up , have a headache I can't get rid of , not feeling so well ... I am grateful for all that I have , all I am accomplishing , all that is done , and all of life's blessings !!! 
making my own choices ! 
does anyone know what time voting goes till tonight ? 
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent ... 
I'm thinking about chopping my hair off ... 
Where is autumn going ? 
here is where the road forks ... 
I dance with < PROPFEMALE > , I don't want to miss even one song cause all too soon the clock will strike midnight and she'll be gone ! 
@ < PROPMALE > and the pauper with Lady < PROPFEMALE > ... 
how large is your wolf pack ? 
so tired but I have yet to have luck falling asleep ... watched the hangover ... what's next 
That which you manifest is before you ... 
My best friend's father-in-law is in need of prayer . He rushed to the hospital last week and almost died ... He and his family are asking for prayers . So please pray ! 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you just may be the world . . . 
making changes has the possibility to benefit your life in good , wondrous ways . . . 
Enjoying the sound of raindrops falling , the sight of leaves barely gracing the tree branches , the sound of birds singing ... Autumn plz stay 
loving the white lotus meditation tea ... 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do . - Rumi 
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin . It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too . - < PROPMALE > Buechner 
Bookstores ... I can't go in for just one thing . I end up with books not even on the subject I went in for ... Craziness 
due date looks hilarious ! 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Like a falling leaf who keeps her green , I'm turning bright in the sea ? ~ < PROPFEMALE > Veirs 
cleaning and getting rid of stuff is so freeing ! 
tonight I am thankful for hope 
Weeeee're the three best frenz that anyone culd have ... 
Tigers love pepper . They hate cinnamon . 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the 3rd LETTER of YOUR first name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... 
for all those that are praying for my best friend's father-in-law ~ he is in urgent need of prayer right now ... I dont have all the details but he was just rushed to the hospital after his wife came home and found him passed out on the chair with a fever of 104 . If you are able to spare a few minutes of time I would like to ask you to please pray for him . Thank you 
self-respect leads to self-enrichment . . . 
watching the 2010 American Music Awards 
love sleeping as the rain falls ... but for some reason it makes me feel as thought I haven't slept when I wake 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I hope each of you have a safe and peaceful holiday . I have so many things to be thankful for this year ! Peace 
watching the fireplace on the tv after a delicious meal and cooking all day 
Elf ! 
you sit on a thrown of lies - Elf 
it sure sounds blustery outside my window 
what is it with cats and christmas trees ? 
You are not victim of circumstance or fate , but you're an active participant in your future ... That which you manifest is before you . 
preparing for the webinar Clinical Applications of Anatomy Trains Meridians . . . 
note to self : read email fully ... when webinar is tuesday night it is really hard to view it monday night ... 
looking forward to tonight's webinar 
Accentuate the positive 
wants to throw the computer on the floor or through a window or something ... it is frustrating me greatly right now 
let it snow let it snow let it snow Someplace Else ! 
Is it naptime yet ? 
need some energy ... 
just received inspiration , now I am getting to work on turning it in to reality 
hmmm ... right side of my body is itchy 
looking forward to seeing my youngest sister next weekend ! 
Kindness in words creates confidence . Kindness in thinking creates profoundness . Kindness in giving creates love . -Tao Te < PROPFEMALE > 
on a tangerine kick 
there are some truly amazing ppl out there . The question is do you take the time to notice them , to acknowledge them , to see them , and to know them ? 
peppermint is currently the only thing that I can smell 
I'm ready for a nap ! 
total lunar eclipse tonight ! it is suppose to be the 1st total lunar eclipse to occur on the day of the Northern Winter Solstice since 1638 . after midnight EST it will be visible 
c'ste la vie 
Can't wait to meet < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! He will be delivered at some point today ... Just in time for Christmas 
looking forward to going to the hospital to see baby < PROPFIRST > later today . 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . Herm Albright 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
The will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you ... 
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us . - Saint < PROPFIRST > 
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile , but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
oatmeal chocolate chip pancakes 
I'm am so tired yet I have yet to be successful at falling asleep ... I would really like to sleep soon 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou . 
pondering the idea of footprints being left ... I think he may have had it backwards ... 
peace ... 
when life gives you lemons make lemonade 
Life is too short for regrets and what if's make the most of each moment ! 
curled up reading No Boundary by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . It is great book so far ! 
have you any dreams you'd like to sell - < PROPFIRST > nicks 
Don’t hide your heart but reveal it , so that mine might be revealed , and I might accept what I am capable of . - Rumi 
motivation you either have it or you don't 
my back is not happy with me ... 
I am at a loss for words yet I have so many ... 
someone should probably take my highlighter away :) 
Never a dull moment when your child is growing up ... 
Go Steelers !!! 
Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl ... Here we go Steelers !!! 
People will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget the way you made them feel . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
You may shoot me with your words , \ 
You may cut me with your eyes , \ 
You may kill me with your hatefulness , \ 
But still , like air , I'll rise ~ < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly . ~ Richard Bach 
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly , but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty . ~ Maya Angelou 
I love the fishes cause they're so delicious ... Gone Gold Fishin ' 
Love is like a butterfly : It goes where it pleases and it pleases wherever it goes . ~ Author Unknown 
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ” ~ < PROPMALE > 
you're teaching theory , I'm living practice . ~ OTH 
dance like nobody's watching . . . 
I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Washington 
A POSITIVE ATTITUDE may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . -Herm Albright 
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness . Every act creates a ripple with no logical end . - < PROPFIRST > Adams 
When life's problems seem overwhelming , look around and see what other people are coping with . You may consider yourself fortunate . - < PROPFEMALE > Landers 
Take the first step in faith . You don't have to see the whole staircase . Just take the first step . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
Peace is a daily , a weekly , a monthly process , gradually changing opinions , slowly eroding old barriers , quietly building new structures . -JFK 
You are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars ; you have a right to be here ~ < PROPMALE > Ehrmann 
May the love in my heart pass through my hand to you . 
If you look deep within , you will find a brilliant light . To many , far too many , squint and turn away from the shine . Let your eyes adjust , and bathe in the radiance . 
When looking backwards , once you let go of the WHY , you can accept the WHAT , find a HOW and trust the WHEN . -via soulseeds 
Sincere forgiveness isn't colored with expectations that the other person apologize or change . Don't worry whether or not they finally understand you . Love them and release them . Life feeds back truth to people in its own way and time . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Paddison 
Anger and love are both of an organic nature and thus they both can change . Hate can always be transformed into love . And unfortunately , many times love is transformed into hate . ( from - Taming the Tiger Within ) ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
You must have the courage to practice letting go . You must develop a new habit -- the habit of freedom . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Be a good sport and play along ..... 4 words may be harder than you think . 
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual , you have an obligation to be one . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
If you judge people , you have no time to love them . - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Negative people will always try to drag you down to their level . Love ' em but rise above ' em ! 
Being unwanted , unloved , uncared for , forgotten by everybody , I think that is a much greater hunger , a much greater poverty than the person who has nothing to eat . - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
trade my old shoes for new feet 
walk over me 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . 
supermoon tomorrow :) 
Don't forget to look for the Supermoon tomorrow afternoon . 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do . -Rumi 
Smile , breathe and go slowly . ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
Breath is Spirit . The act of breathing is Living . ~ Author Unknown 
Nature often holds up a mirror so we can see more clearly the ongoing processes of growth , renewal , and transformation in our lives . 
Just caught a glimpse of this evening's moon ... mysteriously beautiful 
Invite honesty , listen to feedback , and welcome accountability but in the end trust your own intuition . 
Did you know crocodile eggs that are incubated below 850 Fahrenheit ( 29.50 Celsius ) hatch into females , while those incubated above 950 Fahrenheit ( 350 Celsius ) hatch into males . 
I need a tennis ball 
goodnight one and all sleep well 
Did you know : it’s all downhill after 20 , when your brain reaches its maximum weight of about 3 pounds . Over the next 60 years , as billions of nerve cells die within the brain , it loses about 3 ounces . The brain begins to lose cells at a rate of 50,000 per day by the age of 30 . 
You are a living magnet . What you attract into your life is in < PROPFEMALE > with your dominant thoughts . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Did you know : The embryos of tiger sharks fight each other while in their mother’s womb , the survivor being the baby shark that is born . Talk about sibling rivalry ! 
Grackles are fascinating birds . 
You have achieved success if you have lived well , laughed often , and loved much . 
Did you know : In 1914 , < PROPFIRST > Pajeau hired midgets , dressed them in elf costumes , and had them play with his new invention , Tinker Toys , in the window of a Chicago store during Christmas . This publicity stunt made the construction toy an instant hit . A year later , over a million sets had been sold . 
did you know : The only part of the human body that has no blood supply is the cornea in the eye . It takes in oxygen directly from the air . 
The only limit to our realization of \ 
tomorrow will be our doubts of today . - < PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > 
The birds and squirrels are chasing each other through the branches of the pine growing outside this bedroom window of mine 
did you know : Every 3 days , your body makes a new protective lining for your stomach . Without it , the stomach would literally eat itself alive in about 2 weeks . The hydrochloric acid of the human digestive process is so powerful a corrosive that it easily can burn its way through a cotton handkerchief , and even penetrate the iron of an automobile body . Yet , it doesn’t endanger the stomach’s sticky mucous walls . 
I would like to have effortless easy breathing tonight 
did you know : Gatorade got its name from the Gators , the University of Florida football team who were the first to test it . 
April is National Poetry Month what is your favorite poem , poet ? 
still having difficulty breathing today 
There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground . -Rumi 
goodnight all , sleep well 
Sometimes people write the things they can't say . 
did you know : Adrenaline was the first hormone to be identified , and was successfully synthesized in 1904 . 
A simple smile can brighten someone else's day . Give it a try ! ;) 
thankful the weather decided to cooperate 
There is no room for Me and Thee . - Rumi 
\When life's problems seem \ 
\If you want to be happy 
\You are today where your thoughts \ 
A wise unselfishness is not a surrender of yourself to the wishes of anyone , but only to the best discoverable course of action . - < PROPFIRST > Seabury 
expect nothing and accept the unexpected . 
And she is off ... how time flies ! 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Love yourself—accept yourself—forgive yourself—and be good to yourself , because without you the rest of us are without a source of many wonderful things . - < PROPFIRST > F . Buscaglia 
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile . 
“For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Emerson\ 
a lot of things have certainly changed today ... 
“Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . ” ~ Keri < PROPFIRST > 
“Be the change you want to see in the world . ” ~ Gandhi 
