Road trip :) 

I have no new years resolutions , maybe I should make some 
Mmmm . < PROPFEMALE > and a big glass of chocolate milk and a kiss from < PROPFIRST > . Best start to my new year in a while :) 
I just made blueberry muffins and omelets for breakfast :) 
My tummy is doing :) 
Just got back from Hyena's Comedy Club ! 
Going to the mud run today ! 
Finally home , been a long day ! 
My hair has peices of white XD !!!! 
Just ordered a new phone XD 
woo . Narahs tonight and then park hopping . lol . But first Chex and Fuzzys Tacos 
Chex fell asleep on me again XD 
just got my new phone ! On facebook with it now :-) 
I have so many random bruises after last night . It's kinda awesome . Thinking about going to lake arlington tonight 
Going to lake arlington . You should join me . lol 
Is getting attacked by bug bites XD but it's worth the view :-) 
someone come make me feel better . hahaa . My foot is sooo swollen and in pain :-( yay for movies 
Someone should come watch zoolander with me and cuddle . lol 
ahh , zoolanders over but I still wanna cuddle . Txt me , I'll be up and bored :-) 
Why isn't anyone up ! XD Sleeps over rated . lol 
Just got home and now im bored XD 
chillin outside abcs . Awesome . lol 
30 Seconds to Mars , you are my savior right now . Being sick sucks ! XD 
abcs in like two hours , maybe my voice will be back by then :) 
Finally back in my house . hahaha . thanks for letting me invade yo place chels XD 
Yay !! Off work for ABC's concert Friday !! XD 
Im sooooooooo damn bored . save me ? 
Will someone please save me from this bordem ?? 
Getting off Facebook .... Text me cause im ridiculously bored :( 
Ahh . Snuggling up in my blanket 
I definently slept on my neck wrong :( 
Ew , salt water .. fml 
Ahh . Nap before work 
Off to work 
Poster galore right now ..... im so happy :) 
Go look at my minion . lol 
I feel a little nausous from chugging those hot sauce packets :( 
Ahhh . Nothing like a big shirt and a blanket to sleep in . Work tomorrow morning . 
Off to work till five 
Woo . Off work . Home and then shower time 
Woo . Funnest car drive ever . hahaha . Cant believe these people . 
Blink 182 jam time , while car dancing . haha . Love these ppl 
Go PK Out ! woo 
Apparently , I make a good time . haha 
That was the most bad ass thing ever XD 
Yay . Food . First thing i've eaten today . I should make time to eat more . 
Any ideas on how to < PROPFEMALE > a poster thats like twice my size on a ceiling ? Haha . Already tried holding it up with my legs while pinning the top . 
Poster in place . YES !!! ahhh ... I need something to do . < PROPFEMALE > was right , I cant sleep . haha 
Ahh . Soft blanket and a billion pillows ... time to lay and relax 
Off to work ... so tired 
Yay . Just got cut two hrs early . 
There is nothing like an icee on a hot day 
Anyone wanna watch a movie ? 
Ice cream and then a movie with chex , anyone wanna join ? 
Dispicable me was < PROPFEMALE > bad ass 
Yay . Random park . 
Gah . Just dropped chex off at home and now im really bored 
I kinda wanna see the sunset one day this week . I need to pick a night 
Haha . I meant sunrise . I wanna see the sunrise one day this week . 
Uhhg . Upset stomach XD I hate popcorn now . 
Yay . Got to sleep in . 
Off work . Woo 
Looking at appts , want to move in a couple months 
woo , enrolling in class today 
I just found my dog in my bed , how long have you been here ! XD 
Why is it so hot outside XD 
Woo . At Boudreaux's 
Mmmm . Oreo frappÒ with whip cream ... ahhh 
Gave Meitra her poem XD 
Woo . Just got home . lol . Good Night , a chill night . 
Woo . About to head to the bank and enroll in class 
The lady at tcc was freakin retarded !!! DX 
My heart is broken , < PROPFEMALE > you suck :( Have fun 
Off to work . Close tonight 
I need a freakin back massage . Im seriously so aggravated 
At abc's . Woo 
Headed home 
Yay . Just got off the phone with Chex :) I miss my sister . haha . It's lonely without her 
Im so relaxed right now , huddled in my soft blanket . Kinda feel like watching movies 
Uhhg . < PROPFIRST > in the box not a good idea :( 
< PROPMALE > with my sister for the first time in awhile , it was fun :) 
Going to see the sunrise at Lake Arlington tomorrow morning :) 
Didnt make it to the sunrise . lol . But headed to iHop now . 
ahhh . Up and about to finally tune my guitar for the first time in like a month . Thank You random dream about playing a song I wrote forever ago , you motivated me . 
My back hurts soooo bad from being slouched while I made all those dang bracelets 
Just got back from watching the sunrise , it was cloudy so I didnt get to see all the colors :( Oh well , next time . Going to try and get some form of sleep now , if I can get to sleep . ha 
Just got off work and got home :) Going to be a good day tomorrow cause I'll make it one 
Going to work 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Dirt . haha . 
Bored as hell . About to go do something random . Lemme know some ideas 
Someone want to massage my back ? It hurts like hell and i'll love you for life :( 
Going to visit < PROPFEMALE > at work :) 
Just visited < PROPFEMALE > , now chillin with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
Woo . Work till four 
Last night was fun but now Im off to work didnt sleep so adrenaline needs to kick in faster . haha 
Going on fourty eight hours of no sleep . haha . 
Im soooo stoked , about to reach the seventy two hour < PROPFIRST > of no sleep . haha . 
Seventy two hour markXD 
Just got cut at work after an hour and a half . haha . Home and sleep time 
Yay . Off work 
Ahh . Just got done watching Role Models . Makes me smile everytime :) 
Uhhg . I hate throw up :( 
My bed is sooo warm . mmm 
Ahh . I love The Dear < PROPMALE > :D 
I think , i'll try and get some sleep now . lol 
Kick-Ass is totally awesome :D 
Work at 8:30 tomorrow morning . Thank You workbrain once again for saving me . haha . I swear , I need to quit losing my schedules 
At Abc's:D It's been a pretty good day . 
Work at nine sucks :( I wanna go home and die in my bed . 
Uhg for stomache aches :( 
Too earlyXD Its gonna be a long day 
Today has definently been a day filled with complete and total assholes . Can I pleasesee someone I actuallly like now 
Yay for opening shifts 
A massage sounds < PROPFEMALE > good right now . That and a bed with person to snuggle with while I fall asleep . 
Walking around the UTA campus 
Watching Talladega Nights :) 
Cruisin to the Beatles :) Good Day indeed 
Watching Tosh . 0 , Love it :) 
Class at seven tomorrow morning .... what was I thinking when I made my schedule . haha 
Off to class 
At Hoffbrau for lunch :) 
Ahhh . Abc's . Nothing like time to slow things down . 
Making some food and watching Big Fish :D 
I have 91 balls in my mouth . haha . Yay for boba 
Just got off work , so much for 12:30 
' Well you know , im always here to get the places you cant reach'-Brittney to Me 
Wooo . Movie just ended 
This pillow on Chels's floor isnt < PROPFIRST > and its sad :( Stupid pillow should learn to cuddle . 
Jammin to The Beatles :) 
I think my phones being retarded :( 
just got sixty unread txt from last night and today . stupid phone 
Im sooo excited for this weekend XD I cant wait to see you < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Stupid stomach pains need to go away . I dont feel like dealing with you right now . 
Woo time to shower after my 11 mile bike ride . Was 7 till I went back . haha 
You're going to break up with me for a light saber ? 
Im soooooo happy with my window pen :) 
I just got stopped by a photographer who asked to photograph my friends and I :) It was super fun 
Sad day . I was so close to Abc's and then my water pump belt broke . 
Ooohh , my love for < PROPFIRST > Armstrong goes beyond the stars . 
_Can someone please explain why I should be home if no ones even going to be there ? Whats the point of being in a house just to be ignored instead of bein 
_g with friends ? No sense 
I hate when I feel sad cause it brings down other peoples moods and then I feel bad :( 
Ahhh . I love sleeping in 
Blink drive time 
Yay for plan making :) Its going to be a < PROPFIRST > saturday . 
Mmm . Nothing like a lil jazz in the morning 
Woo . Seven mile bike ride and a sore butt . haha 
I think one of the things i'll miss most , is watching movies with you :( 
Ahhh . I fell better getting that off my chest 
Good day today and topping it off with some Circa Survive is making it better :) 
Hahaha . Got a picture drawn for me by < PROPFIRST > and it's totally going on my wall 
woo work tonight and then the rest off the week off , till Thursday atleast . Just school at seven in the morning :( I sooo shouldnt have done that to myself . 
Brr . Im freakin freezing 
Oh no ., being up this early is no good thing :( 
Its such a beautiful day :) 
Mmm . Cracker Barrel 
I need crazy ideas and places to do my photoshoot at , the photographer wants my input and I want yours ! :) 
Haha . Who knows where this night is gonna end , but I can tell you its going to be interestìng 
Yay . Im off 
Working on my paper . I now know more about EMI Record than myself . haha 
Uhgg . Math is < PROPFEMALE > boring 
mmmmm . I love food :) 
I love driving at night with my windows down :) 
Yay for opening and closing today with ten minutes btwn shifts and no break . haha . Imma sleep well tonight 
Time to sleep 
ahhhh .. productive day 
I think I just came to a realization of what I want to do :) 
My stomache is totally on a war path :( 
Haha . Just got stopped by mr. police officer on my walk 
Anyone tell you you have an onion butt ? It looks so good it makes me wanna cry 
I hate sounding like Darth Vader when I breathe . haha 
We should take a bubble bath :) 
Just saw the new < PROPMALE > Potter 
Yay . Finally getting to finish Slumdog Millionaire :) By starting it over cause I cant remember it . haha 
Going to a camp fire :) 
Im so glad I have tomorrow off for once 
I leave in seven hours and I've still not packed .... or slept . But I did just get back from wal-mart . Oh the joys of late night shopping :) 
I wish I had a pillow right now 
Where in the hell is Bokchito ? The middle of nowhere where I am thats where 
85 < PROPMALE > from Forney , then another hour home from there . 
Mmm . Chicken noodle soup and Scooby Doo . 
I feel all nice and ready for my test tomorrow :) yaaaayy me .. wooo . haha 
Re-uploading all my cd's to iTunes and Christmas shopping at the same time . Now thats what I call productive :) 
yay for three hours of sleep and still a crap load to do :) 
Points to the woman at Jack-in-the-Box who just made my day by saying she liked my voice . haha 
Yay for bowling ! 
yay for finally doing laundry , which I soooo desprately needed to do . 
Je suis si heureux :) Facebook est en français ! 
hahaha . Pirate settings on facebook :) 
I hate when you cry so much your throat hurts . Hows that even work ? 
Off to finals 
Im sooo tired O.O Why must work be so early 
Yay , only six hrs to go 
Gonna watch the eclipse at the park with Lyss and Michael :) 
Holy shit . Just got charged by a great < PROPMALE > . Scared the crap outta me ... 
I finally get to sleep in tomorrow :) 
Ohhh . I havent had Cream Soda in a loong time :) 
About to head off to work , Hope everyone has a good night :) 
New phone so I need < PROPFIRST > 
Got a busy day tomorrow . Phone exchange , grocery shopping , and working on my car :) then ending it with a little < PROPFEMALE > 
I think nows a good time to finally go to sleep , so good night :) and good morning to those just waking up . 
I'm getting my ass kicked In pool 
Gave muh doggie a bath :) 
Getting my hair done . It's weird not being platinum anymore :/ 
Yay for going to sleep at five in the morning :D 
Just went outside and played in the sleet/snow , whatever it is we get here in TexasXD 
At abcs for Hals remembrance 
Dude . I dunno what happened to the stripper but I have the llama :) 
\It's like some kinda weird transsexual . Only instead of < PROPFIRST > Hancock its < PROPFIRST > pancock . \"- me to < PROPFIRST > " 
At the chariot concert 
Thanks everyone for the Happy Birthdays :) Happy Valentines Day to all of you . 
An hour till freedom from work :) 
At the door in Ft . Worth :) 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s with Aud :) 
Today has been one of the worst days I've had in a looooong time , congrates world you win . 
Today's gonna be a good day . Going out to eat with aud at one :) 
Im officially a bad ass ninja :) 
Just cut through a < PROPMALE > with my friends for an adventure and when I used my phone to gps , I found out were three < PROPMALE > from her house . Haha 
Not looking forward to tomorrow . Work open to close , so 8:30 - 11:45 . It's gonna be a lonnnng day 
Ahhh . And it begins 
12 hrs down 3 more to go . Yay for ridiculous shifts at work 
My manager just offered to buy me cheese cake . Thats the best thing that's happened to me all day :) 
I think I just made the best French toast in my life ... mmmmm . 
Nothings worse than getting to work to find out that it's been super busy all day . 
At abcs :) 
Woo hoo . Been awhile since I've work with < PROPFEMALE > on sound :) 
Uhhg . Can't sleep . This is terrible . 
Haha . Yay for getting abandoned in a random neighborhood in hostages . 
Yay for being employee of the month :) made my day 
At abcs open mic :) 
At lolas in ft . worth 
At abcs 
