God never said life was easy , God just promised it would be worth it . God please let me help me see the worth it is in believing in you . 

Started painting the living room today . Thankful Hubby helped me . He's great at painting . 
ok , my day off . Decided to go to Hershey Park , uuuummmmm IT RAINED THE WHOLE TIME THERE !!!!! Not Cool !! 
Have a day off :) . Looks nice out might go out and enjoy the weather . 
Glad to be off of Work . Another Day Another Dollar . 
If people at work don't start acting like the adults they are I might just strangle them and claim insanity from all the stress somedays 
Little Sleep , Little Sanity LOTS of Responsibility = WORK . Going in again ;) 
is off today , but that just means I have everything else at the house to do and catch up on . Is there ever truly a day off ? 
Headed to Hershey Park with the kids . I'm happy for the kids but truly don't want to be where I work on my day off . 
Off to have FUN !!! No work for me this weekend . I've turned the cells off . 
Not feeling the best . Hope everything stays down while I'm at work . 
What homework do mom's have this time of year but always forget to do ? Their times tables . Time to relax , time to learn , time time time . Don't forget to make time in that table for yourself . I'm holding a 30% off relaxation time sale . Ask me about more information . 
Have the day off . Not sure what I'm going to do without having to work 50-60 hours a week . Still feels weird . 
Had a weird day at work . Crazy people . I hear tomorrow is suppose to be HELL !!! 
Get ready ladies , October is the launch of the holiday season . Passion Parties has fabulous products for everyone from shaving creme which everyone woman needs to more wild products . Ask me how you can get a catalog for free !! 
Waiting at York Hospital for Hubby to get done with MRI . 
At home , very tired . played poker tournament and came in 6th place last night . I'll need some sleep . ;) 
OK Drastic move , I bleached my hair Blonde . I mean BLONDE !!! you have to see this to believe it . 
Rain , Rain go away , I have to work today . :( 
HipHip Hoorah , The weather made it no work today !!!!! 
Need to get ready for work . Boy is it going to be cold standing outside in at Hershey Park til 10pm . I'm going to FREEZE !!! 
OH my God is it FREEZING outside !!! 
OK , enough with the rain !! It's October not April . Enough with the snow in < PROPFEMALE > as well , that white fluffy stuff is for Christmas . PLEASE somebody give me an indian summer . 
Had a late night and just got up . This sucks I have to go to work . But the bright side is it's only half day . 
GO EAGLES GO !! Yea their kicking butt ! 
Booked a party and getting a consultant from the party as well . Great night !! Remember place an order before 10/30/09 and you'll receive 25% off your order . Call me for details and catologs . 
Working at Hershey Park tonight . Wonder what kind of ghosts and goblins will be there . Only today and tomorrow for treatville , then REST for the workers of Hershey for a week or two . 
Score is 6-1 phillies 
Crazy night !!!! Marriage down the tubes , head is spinning . 
Missing my family EMENCELY !!! 
Can't really sleep again . God help me make the right decisions in my life . 
Had a good day . Great visit with an ole classmate and great conversation with my husband . 
Glad to be home with my Husband and Kids . Nothing like being home . 
I so miss summer and the warm weather . 
Actually feel like I had a good nights sleep . Going to be < PROPFEMALE > today and feel like a great day . 
Rain AGAIN ? Why can't it be warm or snow something besides rain . 
7 girls 1 boy and a dog make for little sleep last night . What was I thinking ? 
Ok , so the snow is going to melt just to get ready for more snow and ice tomorrow . Yep , winter is here . 
Where's The SNOW ? Suppose to get 2-4\ got nothing . All that prep work for nothing .... lol . " 
SO if it's going to be sooooo cold why can't there be snow to have a reason to snuggle ? 
OK , Christmas shopping and all the goodness that comes with that is on the agenda for this week . 
< PROPFEMALE > had her first basketball practice . She had lots of fun . Can't wait til we have some games . 
ok , I'm not snow's biggest fan but this is ridiculous . Over 14\ and it's still snowing . I guess its time to drink and be merry .... LOL " 
OK , so the neighbors and I decided to go sleding at 10pm at night . Boy did we have fun !!!! 
I'm sooooooooo sore from sleding last night . Feel like an old woman . Guess I'm too young to be doing that kid stuff . 
So we have snow and lots of it .... I haven't even began Christmas shopping yet , Guess I need to get my butt in gear and get some shopping done , but I'm so sore from all the shoveling and want to mentall get ready for Christmas but not physically . 
< PROPFEMALE > Chirstmas < PROPFEMALE > !! I love this time of year , the innocents of our children with sparkles in their eyes , the smell of pies , cookies and cakes , the family , the Christmas story , and on and on . To top it off we have SNOW for Christmas as well . I am truly a blessed woman . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
Long drive got stuck in traffic but made it to NC with the kids . Heading home tomorrow morning , 5 days without kids .... WOW I'm not going to know what to do . 
Made it home from NC . Traffic was much better today . Glad to be home but I am very tired . 
Really starting to understand what repentance and forgiveness is all about . Boy is it hard . 
Hope , Patients and Love are the 3 most important things says the apostle < PROPFIRST > , but in this day and age I would say ACTIONS should be at the top of the list . I can have hope , patients and love but if I don't show ( ACTIONS ) I'm stiving to live in God's way what good does the rest do ? God bless the people that are living for you and help the others know I'm showing them you . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy and paste this phrase on your profile . You will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that , don't forget to answer for me ! 
Headed to our oldest daughters first Basketball Game . GO < PROPFEMALE > !! 
To all you mommies out there , join the fun and repost this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ? < PROPFEMALE > 7lb 3oz , < PROPFIRST > 6lb 14oz , < PROPFEMALE > 8lbs 13oz , Bryonna 5lbs 6 oz 
Glad that today was warmer . I so do not like the cold weather . I made a very hard phone call today . I believe some calls are needed so a person can grow more spiritually and mature . 
Describe me in one word using the first letter of your name . Answer me and then copy this as your status and see what people say about you . 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... cuz I have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him !! 
Marriage is not a noun ; it's a verb . It isn't something you get . It's something you do . It's the way you love your partner every day . 
What sort of weather do we ladies prefer ? Update your status with one of the following : ' Wet and Hard ' if you're a rain lover ' Soft and Slow ' if you prefer snow ' Hot and Steamy ' if you're a sun worshipper ' Hard Blow ' if you prefer wind ' I'm easy ' if you're not bothered what the weather is like . - Diva's will rule the world again !!! 
Getting ready to take 10 teens to youth group ...... this is good they will learn about God ... Bad that I might have a headache after driving them all .... 
I need 5 more people to help me with my barn raising . Can you help me ? Thanks !! 1 
Have you ever wondered why the bible say men are to LOVE their wives , but women are to RESPECT their husbands ? Why not respect for both or love for both ? 
Anyone know a good Tupperware dealer in Central < PROPFEMALE > ? 
If you are a woman who has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between and I appreciate and love mine ! ? ? ? xoxoxo ? ? ? 
So , Many of you have become friends with my hubby . I encourage all of you to add him as a friend . The more friends each of us have the more blessed by God we can be . So go add him .... NOW !! 
In celebration of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , post a picture of you and your significant other as your profile pic for the next week . Post this as a status update and leave a comment stating how long you've been together ? ? Married 10 years in May . Together 13 years . I love you , < PROPMALE > !! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? Wonderful ? Husband ? in the ? world ~•* ¨ *•.¸¸~~¸.•* ¨ *•~~•* ¨ *•.¸¸~~ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
Today is a special day for our children . This morning our kids will be baptized giving them their spiritual birthday . My husband and I are so proud !!! 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and the Home of the brave . 
Gorgeous Day today . So glad warm weather is here . Had a great day working . Happy the kids can go out and play and hubby and I can have some peace with the windows open . Life is GREAT !! 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Fit . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : I Love u xx 
Headed to Church in a few minutes . Glad today is a < PROPFEMALE > day . Thankful to have a great loving family . 
Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you love the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed ! ( I love Jesus my Savior ) 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be next to him ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste on your wall if you agree 
< PROPFEMALE > concert in East Berling , < PROPFEMALE > on May 12th Only $10.00 https://ww2.micahtek.com/nexolive/nConf2Regis.cfm?&VISIBLE=false&CFID=23975282&CFTOKEN=86023712 We are going how about you come too . Would be great to have a bunch of FB friends to join us . Who's coming ? 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM . ? 
A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed ... Praise him every day ... 
We have a < PROPFEMALE > Toddler bed in very good condition with crib mattress FREE to anyone who can pick it up in Red Lion , If no responder the bed will go to the Lutheran Mission . 
Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed ... Praise him every day ... 
Heading to bed . We have 8 wonderful children coming to Sunrise Service for their first time . Please pray they will be able to truly feel and understand just what Jesus has done for them . 
We are friends . Here is the proof : If you go , I'll go with you . If you're sad , I am too . If you jump off a bridge , I'll be in the water saving your dumb butt . 
Kids off to school , Suppose to be a nice < PROPFEMALE > warm day , have an appoiuntment this morning then helping the pastor's wife move and doing some work in the afternoon . WOW I have a lot to be thankful for . Thank you God for giving me a great life with my family !!! 
If anyone knows about someone selling a riding lawn mower can you let us know please . 
If you have a boyfriend , fiance or husband that makes you laugh , whom you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , is your world , and a man that you are thankful for every day , copy and paste this to your profile . ? 
OK I'm ready for today ....... 9kids going to church that have spend the whole weekend here .......... Praise God we are able to help the kids learn more about GOD and his greatness in our lives ...... After church they all go home ....... YEAH 
Part2 Came back and helped her get the car started . Gave her some money for gas and sent her on her way with God's blessing . Lesson , B and I have been there years ago and someone was there watching over us . God allowed us to have the time , money and God's spirit to help her out . Praise God for letting us show God's love to his young lady . We told her to pass God's love on . I pray this young lady saw God's love today . 
Today my hubby and I went to work together . We saw a young lady on the side of the road with her car . For whatever reason I said that woman needs our help . We stopped and sure enough this young mother and wife to be had ran out of gas heading home from work . B being the mechanic realized it was a gas issue by using a pin on the gas line . Sure enough it didn't spit any gas . We went to Rutter's got gas for her . 
On the road with my fabulous Hubby working . God is truly great to us . 
Headed to the < PROPFEMALE > Zoo with the family . Should be a fun filled day . 
Happy Mother's Day !! A Great Big thank you to all the woman who have helped be become the wife and mother I am today . God bless all the woman who have helped other's woman and been a suragate mother . 
I have to be so blessed , The children used their own money to buy me presents , made cards , and a craft . My most fabulous husband took me out to dinner with the kids . I can't imagine a more perfect day . Thank you God for my husband and children . 
I have a friend who needs to give their < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > pappyon mix away to a good home . He is almost 1 year old , house trained , small about 5 lbs . He loves to give affection . Great lap dog or to have with you if your on the road . Plays well with other dogs . Let me know if your interested ..... He is adorable .... would take him myself but can't per management company without jumping through hoops . 
if you have a wonderful man that isn't perfect , but that works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow oldwith , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for everynight , then post this as your status to give the good men out there ... the ... recognition they deserve , because great men are few & far between ! I LOVE YOU < PROPMALE > !!! 
Very tired , had alot of work this week that God has provided . Hope I don't fall asleep in church ...... That's right we go to a Lutheran church stand up ... sit down .... stand up ... sit down ... I won't sleep , I'll feed off of God's word instead . 
If anyone know someone that has a trailer that can pull a riding mower we are interested in purchasing it ? Doesn't have to have bells and whistles just something simple like a 5x6 or 5x8 . 
Dear brothers and sisters , whenever trouble comes your way , \ 
let it be an opportunity for joy . \ 
For when your faith is tested , \ 
your endurance has a < PROPMALE > to grow . \ 
So let it grow , for when your endurance is fully developed , \ 
you will be strong in character and ready for anything . \ 
( < PROPFIRST > 1:2 -4 ) 
2 < PROPFIRST > 2:1 -3 1 ... False teachers will also sneak in and speak harmful lies to you . But these teachers don't really belong to the Master who paid a great price for them , and they will quickly destroy themselves . 2Many people will follow their evil ways and cause others to tell lies about the true way . 3They will be greedy and cheat you with smooth talk . But long ago God decided to punish them , and God doesn't sleep . 
Happy Fathers Dayy !! Proverbs 22:6 ( Contemporary English Version ) 6 Teach your children \ 
right from wrong , \ 
and when they are grown \ 
they will still do right . 
Today's the < PROPFEMALE > of when many men were very brave . \ 
They dared to take on a < PROPMALE > task . \ 
They wrote a document that is standing the test of time . \ 
They didn't know if it would work or if this new country could stand . \ 
They vowed to give their lives so you and I can \ 
Think and act , live and worship freely\ 
We are here to know our country lives and Freedom still reigns . \ 
\ 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! 
How Lucky we are as American . Did you know if you make over $50K this year you there are only . 98% of the world population richer than you ? How quickly we forget the price that is still being paid to be < PROPMALE > even if it is only $50K a year . Americans are greatly blessed , God has been truly great to this nation . Thank You God !! 
Thought it was a good thought for the day\ 
\ 
A Jewish woman is accused of gossiping and is taken befor the Rabbi . She insists she has done no wrong . She just stated her opinion and it's not her fault if others repeated it . But she supposes she will ask for forgiveness . The Rabbi says it isn't that easy . Asks if she has a pillow . Of course she does -- she has the finest , softest pillow in village . 
We have children going to bed without eating . Elderly going without needed \ 
medicines . Mentally ill without treatment . Troops without proper\ 
equipment . Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping\ 
our own first . 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to copy and repost this . WILL YOU ? I am not saying don't help those a ... broad , I am saying , don't forget those at home . 
Just ordered tickets for < PROPMALE > Haase & Signature Sound coming to Lancaster next week .... YEAH !! Our kids love this group .... its a family outing . 
An exciting day ahead . My parents are coming up from NC and we are heaed to the Signature Sound Concert in Lancaster this evening . The kids and I excited to go . The youngest ask if we can sit in the front row ? Love that God is working in her life at 7 years of age . YEAH !!!! 
SOOOOOOOOOOO , with hard work and sore muscles our daughter < PROPFEMALE > is officially a Spartan Cheerleader !!! Congrats !! you earned it . 
Car wash today at York County Votech supporting the Spartan cheerleaders . 9am-1pm 
Leave a one word comment that you think describes me using the third letter of your first name . It can only be ONE word . Then copy and paste on your wall so I can leave a comment about you ! 
I have carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby upon my chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror , I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing that God has given me . 
Family friendly movie\ 
Tailgate Style\ 
Bring your own grills and food\ 
< PROPFEMALE > out before the movie\ 
Bring blankets or lawn chairs for the movie \ 
Location : 1405 Seven Valleys Road , York < PROPFEMALE > 17408 
So for those of you who know me really well this will come as a surprise . My hubby and I planted a garden and our squash is know ripe so we had fresh squash from the garden yesterday for supper . Feels weird but great to have a garden and eat from it . ??? 
3 kids off to school 5th grader at 6:30 and 4th and 2nd at 7:45 ..... now to get votech to start to get the high school out of the house .... wow it will be quiet yet nice today . 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun and is\ 
your best friend , who's been with you through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are PROUD to be married to . Copy and Paste this to your status with the date married ? ...... 05/26/2000 
Ok , after 9 years hubby and I went to the movies tonight . We saw the Last Exorcism . Not nearly as good as the preview made it seem it would be . BUT I did have a great time with hubby . I guess we will have to do the movies more often . 
FRIEND APPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate your Facebook friends for all the help they give you . Then let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends , without you I would be nowhere in these games , so , THANK YOU !!! I ? my friends ! 
< PROPMALE > 5:43 -47 You have heard that it was said ' Love your neighbor and hate your enemy ' But I tell you Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you , that you may be sons of your Father in heaven .. If you love those who love you what reward will you get ?.. And if you greet only your brothers what are you doing more than others ? Do not even pagans do that ? Be perfect as your heavenly Father is perfect . 
Headed to church then pick up our duaghter in airville , then lunch , then football , the off to Manheim to watch our son coach football , then back home for dinner and FOOTBALL !!!! 
I'm holding a premiere design jewelry party on Saturday . Anyone who would like to order something send me an email . 
His name is < PROPMALE > . He has wild hair , wears a T-shirt with holes in it , Jeans and no shoes . This was literally his wardrobe for his entire four years of college . He is brilliant . Kind of profound and very bright . He became a Christian while attending college . Across the street from the campus is a well-dressed , very conservative church . They want to develop a ministry to the students but are not sure how to go about it . 
One day < PROPMALE > decides to go there . He walks in with no shoes , jeans , his T-shirt , and wild hair . The service has already started and so < PROPMALE > starts down the aisle looking for a seat . The church is completely packed and he can't find a seat . By now , people are really looking a bit uncomfortable , but no one says anything . < PROPMALE > gets closer and closer and closer to the pulpit , and when he realizes there are no seats , 
he just squats down right on the carpet . By now the people are really uptight , and the tension in the air is thick . About this time , the minister realizes that from way at the back of the church , a deacon is slowly making his way toward < PROPMALE > . Now the deacon is in his eighties , has silver-gray hair , and a three-piece suit . A godly man , very elegant , very dignified , very courtly . 
He walks with a cane and , as he starts walking toward this boy , everyone is saying to themselves that you can't blame him for what he's going to do . How can you expect a man of his age and of his background to understand some college kid on the floor ? It takes a long time for the man to reach the boy . The church is utterly silent except for the clicking of the man's cane . All eyes are focused on him . 
You can't even hear anyone breathing . The minister can't even preach the sermon until the deacon does what he has to do . And now they see this elderly man drop his cane on the floor . With great difficulty , he lowers himself and sits down next to < PROPMALE > and worships with him so he won't be alone . Everyone chokes up with emotion . 
When the minister regains control , he says , ' What I'm about to preach , you will never remember . What you have just seen , you will never forget . ' ' Be careful how you live . You may be the only Bible some people will ever read!' 
Today was a doosy . By God grace we were not hurt nor anyone else . All 5 lug nuts on our back passenger tire broken completely off . Luckily , we were pulling into Arby's to meet our son . Had our son not been there we would not have been able to get parts to temporarily fix the Jeep to get to our mechanic . < PROPFEMALE > many things could have gone wrong but didn't . THANK YOU GOD for keeping an watchful eye on us . I love you Lord ! 
Anyone else notice FB isn't letting you post things from aps like Family Fued ? I waited 3 minutes for one to publish and just got tired of waiting . 
The best way to show God to others is to live for God and let your LIGHT shine through . Others will want what you have . Remember you maybe the only Bible they read . 
YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK . Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening , so they can remove ...... their phone #'s by changing t ... heir privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings - Customize Setting - Phone - Only Me ) 
Ok here is the oxymoron for the day . Our 14y/o daughter strained 2 ligaments in her left ankle today cheering . She's on crutches and the ankle is ace wrapped . Her father and I say , you can stay home from school tomorrow and let the ankle rest .. me I would have been ALRIGHT day off of school , our daughter ? No she is fighting with us to GO TO SCHOOL . what has this world come to that a teenager wants to go to school .. lol 
Today !!! Our eldest son swore in for the NAVY !!!! We are so proud of him . He is going in the inteligence field . < PROPMALE > Jr. we will always love you and are for ever greatful to have such a good son in our lives . 
Since some of us don't listen and don't always do what God wants , I wonder sometimes if we ever give God a headache . 
I\ 
believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to\ 
put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front \ 
of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of \ 
Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to\ 
... show it , repost this 
I would like to send a special thank you out to my husband , dad , grandpa , brother , in laws , and son for their service in the military . Thanks for helping keep this nation great ! 
BEER 
WARNING !!!!!!..... DONOT USE THE Christmas tree app . on Facebook ! Please be advised it will crash your computer ! Geek squad says its one of the WORST trojan-virusesthere is and it is spreading quickly . Re-post and let your friends know 
Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid \ 
...... to ... show it , repost it .. 
When filling out your Christmas cards this year , take ONE CARD and SEND it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier , c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center , 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue , NW Washington , DC 20307-5001 . If we pass this on & everyone sends one card , think of how many cards these soldiers could get to bring up there spirits ... Repost Plz !!! 
GO !!! Eagles GO !!! 
I would like to thank all of you for your prayers and emails to < PROPMALE > and I . The past 24 hours or so has been a blur , but God has been with us and knows what is best for us . We are holding strong and fast , letting God lead us through this family hardship . 
? < PROPFEMALE >?* ? • ? ? ? ? ? •\ 
• ?? Christmas ? ? * ? \ 
° ? ° ??? * _ ? _____ *?* ? \ 
? ? • ? • ? */______/~ ??? ? ? \ 
? ? • ? • ? ? ?? ??? ? From my house to yours ? 
Finished wrapping , < PROPFEMALE > ate the cookies and drank the milk , presents under the tree , test tasted the < PROPFEMALE > for the stockings .... I love this season , giving , so glad to know God and the true meaning of Christmas ....... Now a glass of wine and lovings from the best Hubby ever . 
I have absolutely had a fabulous Christmas with my family . The kids enjoyed their presents and our oldest daughter got hubby and I some well needed gifts . We closed with prayer and thank God for the gift he gave us and for the gifts the children received . Thank You GOD !!! 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ! ~ 05/26/2000 
Praying for my hubby , < PROPMALE > Altenbach , who just went through emergency surgery this evening . Came through ok and is resting in the hospital . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! May God be all around you and may you feel his presence . 
Well , its been a crazy week , but it is hump day and everything is looking up . Hubby is home from hospital as of yesterday and is doing well . I'm so proud of him . He handle this entire surgery great and is a real trooper . Snow is gorgeous out . I'm truly starting to enjoy winter .... sortof , I miss warm weather . 
I would like to say a big THANK YOU to all of my family and friends that have wished me happy birthday today . I had a wonderful day . The children made me a beautiul card with a gorgeous hand drawn picture and wonderul words from them , I also received a beautiful mother and child necklace . Hubby took me to lunch . Thank God for my family . 
Ok , Can someone please explain to me why I moved to < PROPFEMALE > ? Between last year and the snow we are getting now , I don't hink I have ever saw this much snow in my life . I think snow is pretty on trees but not on the roads or our cars .... yuck .... where's my < PROPFEMALE > ? I wish for 75 degrees and a light breeze . 
