happy new year everybody ! 

this sucks . i forgot my lunch and i cant pee . weak . 
almost out of minutes again . sorry everybody ! maybe someday i wont be so lame . and poor . :D 
HATES the grand rapids bus system . 
sooooo close ! yet still so far away ! i will be so happy when this day is OVER ! 
freeeeeeeedom !!!!!!! 
smiling :D 
waiting for the hours to go by 
is very hopeful 
my back hurts 
saw < PROPMALE > potter last night . my review : extremely entertaining but as a die hard nerd , i was disappointed . the half-blood < PROPMALE > is not a romantic comedy , so why did i just watch one ? 
needs to get more sleep . and plug in another alarm clock so i cant sleep through the two i have again ... 
hey , would anyone out there with a car be willing and able to give me a ride to the train station on wed july 29th at 10 pm to pick up my darling friend < PROPFEMALE > ? i'll love you forever ....! 
graaaahrrrr ! im feeling loopy today ;P tehe ! 
you would thinking sleeping 12 hours would be enough but i want to go curl up in my bed again ! 
has a love/hate relationship with humanity 
played magic the gathering for the first time yesterday and thinks this good be the budding of a very fine friendship indeed 
i love my family and my friends . i wish there were more time for me to be there for all of them all the time . to everyone- i love you ! 
heading down to the mustache gallery later for the GR8 show . if youre in town you should go ! its gonna be awesome ! 
wish i didnt have to work so i could be at home , snuggled in bed . rainy days in the bookstore are so dull ... 
apartment hunting blows . 
just waiting things out until i can breathe again 
forgot what miserable felt like 
feeling much better today . sorry for being all melodramatic ... 
built a better , faster deck . tehe ! 
heard a rumor that disney is making a play to buy out < PROPFEMALE > for 400 billion dollars . my gad , what will happen to the universe ?!?! 
sick of smoking . i think it might be time to actually call it quits . 
shocked and appalled . when did < PROPFEMALE > go so awry ? 
its almost over . please , please , let it be so . 
Calling all persons with a vehicle and/or a little extra storage space ! here's the deal : my lease is up TODAY , but i cant move into my new place until OCT 1 . presents a problem doesnt it ? if you can help me move some stuff or have some some space where you wouldnt mind me stashing some things for up to 2 weeks , pleeeeeease call me . ( 616)666-4490 . much love ! thank you ! 
ouch . gwar kicked my butt . 
feeling blue . or maybe bluish-green ... 
wants to know if whistling at a woman has ever , EVER been an effective strategy for picking up women . seriously , why do they do it ? i cant imagine that working on anyone . ever . 
only one week to go ! 
suddenly experiencing a localized headache twinge on the left side . god , i am boooorrrrrreeeed ! ill be at argos for another hour , if anyone wants to visit me ... :D 
is feeling really stupid . foot in mouth , kick myself in the butt , pitt in the stomach , STUPID . 
is stubborn . and always will be . take that to the bank ! 
only 2 days to go ! i am so excited for < PROPFIRST > and i to have our own place ! 
SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTED . 
is trying the whole push-up routine again . thus far , i have increased by 2 push-ups in the last 4 days . go arms , go ! 
moving tomorrow evening if anyone wants to put their bodies to work to help me ........ 
hates the drama . the lack of honesty . and that my apatment still isnt ready . can this week end already ? 
bowie is the man ! 
feeling the rain a little too deep in my bones and soul . 
loving my new apartment . finally ! 
was never eligible for the < PROPMALE > foundation . * sigh * 
i wish i were a squid . 
lost my really nice fuzzy gloves my mom gave me . i have no idea how this happened but it makes me sad :( 
anyone in eastown feel like being a good samaritan to a < PROPFEMALE > in need ? 
please , please , please , tell me i leant one of you my copy of the alchemist and that my aweful ex-roomate didnt steal it . i unpacked my books last night and it is missing . that book means ALOT to me ! 
had no idea caring for someone could backfire so horribly . hopefully this all turns out ok . 
discovered more books gone missing . so not cool . 
it is not my day . why ? WHY ???? i popped a tire on my bike riding through gravel which i thought a mountain bike could handle . god knows when ill be able to fix it , so now im bikeless . 
immediately afterward i get an accusatory voicemail about things that were not even close to my fault , and now im at work and dont have any cigarettes cause i forgot them at home along with my bike lock . hopefully no one wants to steal a bike with a flat tire . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i hate today . i hate it so bad . 
sorry for being so dramatic , people ! im doing better today :) 
is denouncing my friendship with red wine . 
feeling anxious . like ive forgoten something really important or a storm is brewing that i ought to be aware of . what is it ? im listening wind , what are you trying to tell me ? 
my loathing for < PROPMALE > cage has just grown deeper . \Big daddy\ " from kickass ?!?! you've got to be kidding me ! " 
:/ 
i wish it werent raining so we could run about town for < PROPFIRST>'s bday . hopefully the rain will stop later for the zombie walk :( 
what a busy day ! i cant wit to go back to sleep ... 
cant wait to see my CHICAPAY !!!!!!!! 
feeling very twisted sister today . 
anyone in GR have extra seats to TC over thanksgiving ? 
sends all my love to tj and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > in there you two . im so very sorry <3 
sooo very tired and sad . not to mention disappointed . 
needs to stretch my body and mind . flex , flex , FLEX ! 
turning over a new leaf and finding myself beneath it . i won't lose you again . 
is it possible to quit smoking and lose weight at the same time ? if i gain wieght in this process , im gonna be pissed . i do not have money for a new wardrobe and if it comes down to giving in to my fat or my cigarettes , those rotten cigs might win . i wish i had a treadmill .... 
still trying to figure out my ride home for thanksgiving . if anyone is heading north tomorrow after 3pm , PLEEEEEEEASE take me with you ! i want to see my family ! 
what an intense day ! 
has the cutest nephew EVER ! 
anyone in grand rapids able and willing to teach me how to crochette this week ? 
no ! bad < PROPFEMALE > ! 
come on family !!! i need you lists , or i cant send them out ! i guess ill send out the meager FOUR ive gotten so far . hopefully ill get the rest soon ! 
when do i get my nerd badge ? i feel like ive earned one at this point and i want to sew it on my vest ... 
is not . 
still likes you , she's just totally out of phone minutes . no hard feelings please ! 
so i finally bought minutes for my phone only to discover i have misplaced it . where the **** did it go ?! 
what was lost is now found . thanks you < PROPMALE > and tj !!!! 
had the most pleasant surprise this afternoon :D 
hey peeps . if anyone is heading up north next tues or weds , please let me know ! i need to take as little time off work as possible , but i also need to get home to see the fam ! if you have space for one or two in exchange for gas money , please let me know !!! 
i wish i were crocheting ... 
is so very female . * sigh * 
not very awake and getting anxious for the comics to arrive so i might be able to take a lunch at some point today ... 
one hour to go time . hey family , here i come !!!! 
sleepy . 
finally won a game of mahjong . booyah ! 
whew ! made it through another one ! LOVE YOU GUYS ! thanks for everything this year :D 
just me and the juneau dog 
sometimes i realize im a jerk . 
splenda is gross . never again . i want the real thing ! 
had an intense morning of dreams . wow , i alamost didnt get out of bed today . 
light blue 
tired . and super sick of not being able to use my phone :( 
gonna donate some blood then drink some < PROPMALE > beam . once im outta work , today is gonna be awesome ! 
hates that people would actually steal from this small bookstore . we barely survive and this community needs us . if youre going to steal books , steal them from someplace that can afford to loose them . sure they might have cameras , but that just adds some thrill , right ? i guess we just dont scare people well enough . if i catch him in the act , ill never let him back in this store again . jerk . 
eager for the sexual revolution to take the next step and make it socially acceptable for men to wear dresses and skirts . given their anatomy , im sure they would be much more comfortable ... 
i feel like a piece of mud on my own shoe . how low . 
cant not be feelin this ? i am soooooo not feelin this ... 
monsters ? 
what a fool 
what does sex have to do with golf ? i dont understand ... 
oh to be amphibious , that would be the life ! 
yelling \RELAX ! \ " at someone is bound to produce the opposite effect . " 
beer fest ! whoo hoo ! bought the last 2 tickets at hop cat :P anyone wanna drive my drunk a** ? 
needs to have more fun . but also get more work done . can i accomplish both these things at the same time ?!?! only one way to find out ... 
< PROPFEMALE > little raincloud . 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooo , im taking stock of my comics , books and graphic novels . if i have EVER lent you any of the above , could you PLEASE return them to me ? i keep discovering more of them missing and i just want to know which ones are in the hands of the trustworthy and which i will have to repurchase . THANKS ! 
is just trying to do whats best for my life . 
sometimes whats best makes us miserable ... 
so tired . so mystified . so hungry . 
is not the monster you want me to be in order to absolve yourself . it takes two to create an unhealthy relationship but it only takes one to recognize it for what it is . 
might actually eat some food today :) 
<3 comics 
sometimes when people sucking at their jobs negatively affects my life , i wish i could sabatoge their employment so they could be replaced by someone competent . if only i were more vicious ! 
my plans for the night have been cancelled so hit me up if you wanna play ! 
peggle ? what a fantastic game ! who knew i would ever have skills at a game other than katamari ? :D 
i think im due to bake a batch of brownies tonight . i better do it before i eat all the dried apricots i was gonna bake into them ! yum ..............! 
scratching at the walls ... 
G-nomes 
i think i forgot to turn off the coffee pot when i left at 11:30 this morning . uh-oh . 
never gets the jokes people make about history when im at work . i always have to play along and it always leaves me feeling stupid . stupid history ! 
wants to know why there is no < PROPFEMALE > emoticon . if you have any leads , please let me know ! 
this is a book . a what ? a book . a what ? a book ! oh a book ! 
needs to buy a notebook . i feel inspired in everything lately and i think i would like to write a book . 
life is heavy ... maybe i should start pumping iron ... 
cant find my little book of pictures including my 7 year old self in a harness on a beach with a pinwheel . its such a great photo ... where could it be ? this little album had a picture of me from every year of my life , some of them totally priceless ! i hope it turns up ... its been buggin me for days now ! 
needs someone to crack my back ... and give me a massage ? there's something not quite right happening back there . * ouch * 
im at the library and some $^@($ has his head phones on so loud next to me i cant think . jerk . 
could use a hug and lots of chocolate . maybe ill go for a long walk when i get out of work today ... 
had WAY too much fun yesterday ! 
i feel like a clog in a sink today . im not sure what that means but for some reason i feel it is true . anyone have a plunger to get me movin ? 
do you think im dishonest ? honestly . please respond ... 
donate blood today for a free t-shirt ! happy earth day ! 
is now a registered marrow donor . 
just came across a photographer named f-stop fitzgerald . tehe ... 
i think i burned my lip with cleaner at work ... ouch . and they say youre supposed to be able to consume it cause its \non-toxic\ " . yeah right . " 
i <3 u . 
is happy and proud to be a woman . so there ! 
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
headed for < PROPMALE > tomorrow night . best . birthday . ever . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! Im having a wonderful time out here in < PROPMALE > , but the celebration will continue when i return ! 
feels < PROPFEMALE > rejuvenated ! im back in town peeps , so hit me up whenever , i still expect birthday drinks ;) 
furniture officially rearranged , soul at peace . next step : decorating . anyone wanna help me make sure i < PROPFEMALE > things straight ? 
if you see me today , im bound to be smiling :) what a gorgeous , < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
someday , i wish to conquer my fear of heights via hanggliding . or skydiving . or something else so very high up and terrifying that nothing else could ever scare me ever again . ever . :) 
misses hangin in the cemetary with < PROPFIRST > . :( 
i LOVE my friends . thats you guys ! thanks for everything :))) 
i think i slept on my arms all night ... i cant feel my fingers and ive been awake for several hours now :/ 
im at the library and i just had to kill a < PROPFEMALE > hoping insect that i sincerely hope wasnt a flea . ewwww , i need my own computer . 
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
sometimes i feel stupid ... so i read a book :) 
thank GOD its wednesday . 
sometimes you have to make a fool of yourself to realize that , in fact , you ARE a fool , so you can stop taking yourself so damn seriously and kick back and laugh :) 
life is full of beautiful surprises . i <3 you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i sprayed my hair with bathroom freshener today . mmmmm ... FRESH ! 
my new life goal ? aquire a pet penguin . 
i love these summer rains , they make everything feel so alive . 
has the cutest nephew ever ! i wish i could stay longer :( 
aww shucks , life , i love you too ! 
my awesome little sister is in town tonight if anyone wants to see/meet her , call me up ! 
could use a serious float in zero G 
i HATE readers who dont understand the concept of alphabetical order . didn't you learn the alphabet before you learned to read ?! 
i need a SERIOUSLY AWESOME back , shoulder and neck massage . anyone out there owe me one ? or just want to do it cause you love me ? ill give you candy ... or something , maybe a beer ? 
crap . the fire department just came in and told me we have to do all kinds of things to get this building up to code . my boss is out of town so i guess i better get started ... \ 
they suggested a huge sale to clear out the inventory blocking the aisles . i wonder if i would get in trouble if i upped the sale for bizarre bazaar tomorrow ?? 
your face . is beautiful :) 
needs more bowie if anyone can help her out with that ... BOWIE !!! 
damn you kickball , you suck me in everytime whether i want it or not ! 
a dead cornfield would be more exciting than this . anyone wants to get a\ 
drink with me , ill need one when i get out at 6 . call me ! 
feeling under the weather and going home early . if anyone want to come over to cheer me up or give me presents for my guts , that would be awesome :) 
things are gonna happen . BIG things :) 
san < PROPFEMALE > perhaps ? 
\Women and cats will do as they please 
i hate it when bad news is charming . seems it usually is ... 
looking forward to a clean apartment , just not the cleaning itself ;) 
3 days to go ! yesssssssssssss ! 
is not as deep of a sleeper as i once was ... thanks for the random early morning hello , < PROPMALE > :) 
hey folks ! im almost out of minutes and cant buy more til next friday . feel free to stalk me if need be !!! 
Hi everyone ! Just so you know , I am alive and well and NOT robbed or hurt in any way . Thanks for all you love and concern , sorry for the scare <3 
no kickball on sunday makes < PROPFEMALE > a very sad panda :( 
when good things happen to bad people 
so VERY excited to see the lovely miss saira schutza <3 
ie yie yie . life is so weird . gotta love it though , it sure keeps blood pumping through my veins :) 
im i done yet ? 
my brother is awesome . i love you jabin !!!!!!!!! 
<3 <3 <3 
hahaha ! there really IS a group called teenage boys !!! too funny . i have to \like\ " that out of sheer hilarity . rock on . " 
struck with sudden melancholy . where did you come from ?! GO AWAY ! 
hey peeps , im out of minutes again . i love you , im not ignoring your calls . you know where to find me <3 
is about to loose a toe or 2 ... 
still out of minutes . still love you . still not ignoring you . <3 
one can only be oneself and follow one's heart ... even if it leads straight to trouble :p 
would anyone want to house a fat beagle who loves chocolate milk for a month or two ? 
really ? i need to make some < PROPMALE > and do laundry . just try and stop me ! 
oh , oil paint , lets never stay apart this long , ever again ! i have missed you so and this just feels so right <3 
so someone says , \you're such a ' traverse city girl . ' \ " what does this mean ? " 
things are looking up(start ) 
i feel in a fog . come to the bookstore and help snap me out of it . please ? 
you're so ugly ! why would i lie to you ? why would i lie ? 
peachy . 
oh . well , that sucks ... oh well . 
if you see me anytime soon , i could really use a hug and/or a strong drink . thanks . love . 
koumpounophobia is real . so there !!! 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried \ 
but never met , or those we have held but could not take home . Make this \ 
your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a\ 
baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is \ 
still ... a .. taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all the \ 
angels . 
someday everything will make sense . its just got to . 
word of the day : pussyfoot . 
the last 24 hours have been full of interesting and pleasant surprises . 
another day of something 
could use some instant enlightenment . have they processed that in cans yet ? 
Attn : stealing from small businesses is Wrong . 
send the good luck vibes my way , i could use them today :) 
down to 5 mins on my phone . ill be working and at my house alot so come find me . much love ! 
is . i guess thats enough for now . 
happy birthday ... outlook unsure . 
boss mustangs !!!!! tonight at mulligan's . FREE . KICK ASS . ROCK and ROLL . be there . 
argos is now accepting resumes/applications for my replacement . for all of you who have been jealous of my job for years , here's your < PROPMALE > ! im outta here !!! 
someone hasn't been minding their own business . i am not happy and i will find out who you are . thanks . thanks a lot . jerk . 
things are gonna change . i am growing all the time . even if it isn't obvious , its happening . 
needs to stay up all night working on arts stuff . anyone wanna come over to keep me awake and on task ??? 
you think so ? ... maybe ... maybe not ... i don't know . \ 
but i try . 
street fair !!!! come buy some < PROPMALE > and stuff ! 
today is going to be okay . so is tomorrow . i have things to look forward to :D 
another successful day of breathing . god , i'm good ! 
juke's website say THE BOSS MUSTANGS show saturday has NO COVER . i REALLY hope that's true . booooo prospecto costing $26 ! BOOOOO ! 
was just asked to paint a companion piece to one i sold on saturday ! thank you street fair :D :D :D 
anyone with a prospecto pass should use it to see the BOSS MUSTANGS at jukes tonight . they ROCK . GO . SEE . THEM . do it ! 
i wish this month was over . too much to handle these days . anyone out there have all the answers ? 
this is not my crummy house . this is not my hideous wife . how did i get here ? 
too many great things happening this saturday night ! how do i decide ???? 
im done at 4 . i want to do something . i just dont know what . im almost out of minutes . if someone wants to come to argos around 4 and spare me from myself , that would be super cool . i love you <3 
oh life , you silly little nixie ... 
keeps getting startled by this mannequin ... 
if you think you know what i'm doing wrong , you're gonna have to get in line 
my day just went from bad to worse . sayonara productivity , hello drinkin . anyone care to join me in a toast to one of my favorite relatives , now deceased ? 
i wanna thrash 
i wish i had days to sleep away 
NEEDS to sort through my apartment today . STRONGLY desires company for this to keep me awake and on task . any takers ? call me ! please ? 
i will only be in town for 3 . more . weeks . and i need company tonight . think about it . do you have something better to do ? 
found my little photo album ! let me know if you wanna see goofy pictures of me as a wee one :) 
* 
you're ugly ... but not as ugly as the things i wanna do to you ... 
was pooped on during my lunch break today . seriously . thanks little < PROPFEMALE > ! 
bought my ticket to texas yesterday . take that , doubters ! i am outta here ! 
cleaning out . 
things are just too real . 
well . i still have too much stuff and i need a carpet cleaner . f . could things get more complicated ? anyone who isnt too < PROPMALE > over to help out a friend in need tomorrow : i need you . thanks . 
hey traverse city friends ! i will be home all of next week before i move to < PROPFIRST > , tejas ! hit me up ! <3 
ok guys . my phone is dead and my charger MIA ( everything that can go wrong will , right ? ) \ 
BUT tonight is my last night in town before i head out for a week with the fam , then off to texas . ill be at mulligans around 11 and you should be too !!!!!!!!! 
i love you guys <3 
life in the fast lane ... too late to slow it down 
t . c folks ! im headed to the loading dock . come have pints with me :D 
i <3 The Boss Mustangs 
clearing the dust from my past and rockin out ! 
safe and sound in tejas . \ 
to those of you i didn't get the < PROPMALE > to say good-bye to , im sorry . i love you and will miss you dearly . \ 
to those of you i did get to say good-bye to , im sorry we couldnt make it last longer . \ 
i love you all <3 
wants to find a \grown-up\ " job but is completely intimidated by resume writing . " 
just had REAL texan bbq . yummmmmm :) 
70 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . watching sargeant kabukiman n . y . pd . and painting . what a good day :) 
YAY ! my new glasses are in the mail ! finally , ill be able to see !!! 
oh yeah ... i really miss my friends 
YAAAAYYYYYYY !!!!!! sairas coming to see me ! <3 <3 <3 in 2 1/2 hours i will be the happiest girl in < PROPFIRST > XD 
de da < PROPFIRST > da doop < PROPFIRST > do ... inexplicably awake . 
i actually ALMOST miss the snow ... 
my friends are playing/attending my dream rock show . not fair . i wish i had stuck around mi a little bit longer :( 
wow . my life drawings skills a < PROPMALE > ... 
i am still ( and always ) wishing it were easier to translate things from my head into reality . but ... i started what seems to be a very nice painting today , hope its stays that way ... 
god , please hlep me get on the right bus and make it to hobby lobby . thanks , i need it . 
of course one of the rare overcast nights would fall on the eclipse . lame . 
had a terrible morning of life drawing . just have to remember every bad drawing brings me one step closer to a good one . glad i didnt give up halfway through even though i reeeally wanted to . 
who needs sleep when you can make cool stuff for your loved ones ? 
my first green christmas turned out pretty excellent <3 
ack ! grrrr . rrrrowl . * pulls at hair * 
yay ! i actually got myself out of bed before noon ^__^ things are looking up ! 
is once again employed by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s . haha ! i am SO happy to have a job :) 
oh dear :( how do i choose from so many great albums ? 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Reinhold and < PROPFIRST > W . < PROPMALE > are just the BEST ! 
SPREAD THE WORD : A site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book with personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
first night back to work and we were SUPER slow ... not what i was expecting for a friday night on 6th st. oh well , heres to tomorrow ! 
eek ! can i beat the < PROPFEMALE > to sleep ??? im gonna try ! 
Pay it forward , 2011 ! I promise to send something handmade to the first five people who leave a comment here . You must in return , post this , and send something to the first five people who comment on your status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your five people sometime in 2011 
is gonna be good enough for me . 
o0h no ! im not ok with that . 
today has been a waste- and not in the cool < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Perkins sorta way . 
woohoo ! a day of sandwhiches , wire sculpting , drawing and rock ' n roll ! sleep ? pft , not today ! 
just saw TONS of live snails on my walk home ::: super grin !!! ::: 
i really wish i were one of those people who thrived on very little sleep . or at least slept at reasonable hours to make up for the fact that im NOT one of those people . oh well ! im off to bed to read , then be miserable when i get up for work in 4 1/2 hours . cheers ! 
needs rembrandt pussyhorse ... if anyone is feeling generous and wants to send me a present ... 
mmmmm , buttercream frosting :D 
feeling great . a long , but good day . thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for making it so much easier . 
my ipod has completely frozen and will not be reset by the toggle method . any suggestions ? im dyin here ! 
stupid national storm , detering my friends from coming to see me ! good job snow- couldnt make my life directly miserable , but you had to find SOME way . grrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
had a very nice evening/night/morning . whatever you want to call it :D 
this book is so so goo ! thank god ( well , thank < PROPFIRST > W . < PROPMALE > , actually ) i have the sequel to read when im finished :) 
so much for a snowless winter for < PROPFEMALE > ! boo ! although it was really cute to watch a woman plop down in the middle of the sidewalk and joyfully make a snow angel at 4 in the morning :) 
i didnt have to work this morning . thanks snow :) 
i have lost 25 pounds and a TON of baggage since this time last year . go me ! 
another great night for < PROPFEMALE > . fingers crossed i wake up in time for work ! 
love is supposed to be simple yet somehow , rarely is . 
i have a fiery hatred for credit cards . never again . never never never ! 
its like a nice summer day . i wonder how long it will take before it gets so hot i melt out of my skin ...? 
part one of my long awful wait is over :D 
beautiful poisonous dream snake . 
now has super short bangs . how cute . too bad i dont have a camera so youll all just have to imagine it ! 
AAARRRRRGGGGG !!!!!! 
crap . please , please , oh please dont let my debit card and i.d. disappear the same day ! how will i ever replace one without the other ! i have no way to prove my identity to the state of texas , i am not in their system . crap . 
