face book still sucks 

I dont like Facebook ! 
?????? im new to facebook . Not really enjoying it ! 
hmmmm 
happy new years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
lol still up with < PROPFIRST > . 
Why is myspace so much better then facebook ? 
my eye ball itches . ???? :| 
My son calls me a mommy cock roach ... haha .. 
Whoop 
o0o0o . 0 
Gone for 2 nights , ahh its good to be home . 
Its so boring when im sick . I want to go downtown sac . this weekend . spend the night . 
WHY IS FACEBOOK SO CONFUSING ???????????????? the damn new feeed is weird 
fish tank is shipped , looked at fish today . =D =D disney land in a month !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
fuck im awesome . =] 
huh , so tiger woods likes anal , choking and < PROPFEMALE > showers . He doesn't seem like the type . 
being single rocks ! 
walmart wouldn't cash my tax check . grr . I was going to cash it and go shopping at target anyways . Walmart sucks ! 
;/ =/ 
mmmmm orange chicken and potstickers . ;) 
well , whatever . =] 
Being single = HAPPPINESS !!!! although I do miss some things about being with a guy .. 
I got my hairrrrrrrr cuttt !!!!! 
I'm gonna look into doing a bootcamp styple work out ! woop 
my hips are too big , I need to shave the bone down . Ugh . 
My cellphone number used to be a Weave Sexual assault Crisis Number so I randomly get phone calls from people who need help . 
Going for a bike ride without my rugrat . The punk bit my shoulder ! > : E 
Lost my wallet , found my wallet on the street .. I need to get out of here , get away from these squares . Going to lose my mind today wtf is wrong with me today ? 
Got some take out chinese food ( kims in rancho and the mayflower downtown are the best ) going to eat , drink some drinks , and watch a movie . 
Yay I'm home ! Homeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . HOmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
My moms Ipod died , 2nd 1 , she listens to it A LOT , So I'm going to leave my old one next to the coffee pot , loaded with her favorite songs so she'll get it before work . =} 
Gonna have fun tonight fun tonight fun tonighttttttttttttttttt . 
feeling like crap tonight crap tonight crap tonighttttttttttttttttttttt 
woooop . 
fuck . 
Our new fish tank has lots of little snails in it !!! Yuck . I put lettuce on the bottem , but they aren't going to it . lil fuckers . 
fuck . stupid . choices . 
I'll be 26 on saturday .. ugh 26 . almost 30 . 
the band HIM will be playing at the house of blues the first day I get to disneyland . woohooo . 
scum bag 
Southwest Airlines has not had any fatal events involving a passenger since it began service in 1971 ..... Good to know . 
Thanks to my mom and brothers , I got to spend 4 hours shopping in peace . Yay ! After my trip I need to slow down on spending money . ugh . 
wtf i hate when caffeine puts me in sleepy mode . I think I'll get myself a tattoo for my birthday . 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! now i need to find something to get into . 
ugh that < PROPFEMALE > white lady is fucking annoying . enough with the nasty old lady thing . 
fuck 
thinking of the time it took me 3 hours to finish a short essay in SNR magazine . ah , the days of being fucked up . Ive been playing \new super < PROPFIRST > brothers\ " all day . ugh . " 
Finally I have a Cat Stevens shirt ! Woo hoo . 
bumming it today . Still in my pajammas . 2pm , time to shower and get dressed . hehe . 
my head is on fire . my eyes my eyessssssssssssssss 
I beat new super < PROPFIRST > brothers !!! how do you like me now motherfucker !!!! 
ugh i want a mountain dew so bad 
Sitting on the porch with my boy , Missing my sister . I wonder what life would have been like if she didn't die ? I need to live my life that would make her proud . 
uggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
ugh I will never understand women who use men to get shit . or the blokes who fall for it . That will never be me !!! I can buy my own shit thankyou everymuch . Gold diggers are shady little cunts . 
jony201032 : MY ISRAELY COCK SO HARD NOWWWWWWWWWW hahahahh wtffff isrealy cock 
Why do women try to be creative with their eyebrows ? At some point put those tweezers down let the shit grow . Fucked up eye brows can totally ruin a cute face . Thats all I have to say about that . 
shit 4am wtf am i doing up . NOT SHIT ! 
Leaving Tomorrow morning at 5am . I'lllll be back the 26th . Woo hoo disneyland !!!! Don't miss me too much facebook ! 
ughhhhhhhhhhh 3 hours of sleep . The shuttle will be hear in a little bit . ow my stomach hurts . It will be raining the first 2 days , the rain is ok . Woo hoo disneyland ! 
Disneyland is sooo fun !!!!!!! 3 more days ! wooooo hoooo ! horny ! 
Finally home mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm its good to be back . horny ! 
One of those days I don't want to be home , or near my family . Maybe a bike ride in this gloomy weather will be good . 
I need a good pipe cleaning . fuk 
Now the unfun part of life , where I take care of business ! I hate hate hate paper work . if I didnt have a kid i'd totally be a bum on the street . fuck it . Horny ! 
I feel like shit ! but my mood is kickin ! Going for a bike ride to the storeeeee . 
Huh , whats going on , no one ever calls me ma'am , and this week two guys did . I'm not a MA'AM!!! I don't think I look that old . How about someone call me \sugar tits\ " ! " 
Im sick !!!!! coughing , cold chills , body aches . My mood is kickinh tho ! I'm in a mood to throw shit out ! Woo ya ! 
Rocking a cold today . Bought some DSI games from dsiware , instantly ! played oregon trail till 3am ! I feel like a kid . 
The new nightmare on elm street looks scary . I used to Love < PROPMALE > when I was little . Even the tv show \ < PROPMALE > s nightmare . \ " Thanks mom for letting me watch scary movies as a kid . =] " 
Dinner and a movie tonight !! ;) 
Last night was the shit . Dinner , Kiss in tell , The new < PROPMALE > movie , bought new movies , and now im home . My boy will be be back later this evening ! oh I miss my boy , but I needed a night out 
I need to plan something for my sons 4th birthday , its this saturday . He doesn't have any friends though . =( I ended up buying him the lighting mcqueen power wheels . but it wont be here till monday . lamee 
going to the store , and may come back with a netbook . maybe ... maybee ... 
i'm on my new NETBOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now I need to get used to it being so different . ;/ 
I ended up getting a tattoo last night . Overall it was a very good 24 hours . ;) stressing about my ex getting in out of the pokey . =( fuk stress = spend money . 
I feel like a teen all nervous telling my mom about the new tattoo ... I'll do it tomorrow . she doesnt like tattoos , but I think because its cute , on my foot and for my sister , it wont be that bad . 
fuck I update this shit like its twitter ( which I don't have ) anyways , I was just thinking about what kind of girl I'd be attracted to if i was a lesbian . 
outside watching my son play with the neighborhood kids , they included me into a good cop /bad guys game , and had me running around arresting them .. the boys have been fighting over my sons toy guns . 
my son is loving the super < PROPFIRST > brothers cartoons I bought him !!! it was made in 1990 !!!!! he tells everyone hes < PROPFIRST > anyway . 
the past 2 days the neighborhood kids have knocked on our door to ask if cillian can play . how cute !! This is a first . although I think its just for his toys , since they are 5-7 ! 
My baby is sleeping , so im going to decorate the dining room for his birthday ... =] can't believe my boy is 4 !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
a long 24 hours !!! My sons birthday party was nice , later we went to second saturday downtown . He got 2 dalmation mollies for his birthday , and I had to buy 55 bucks worth of aquarium shit . No way would I put them in with my sweet fancy guppies !! 
so , soooooooooooooooooo tired ..... i just wnt to close my eyes and sleeeeeeeeeeeep . zzz ! instead I think I'll clean my room , its bugging me . 
can talk like < PROPFIRST > duck . ;) 
kicking ass today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hornY ! 
Ive been single for a year , and its starting to suck . oh well . =( I like being single . but sometimes its lonley . 
I need a car !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
tired 
flaming hot cheetos !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lemonade !!!!!!!!!! my moms 50th birthday . Going out to dinner later . 
now that cillian is older and has friends I'm becoming the mom who is outside playing with all of the neighborhood kids . I swear their parents are never outside with them . A group of us were outside trying to catch bugs . They should get off their ass and come outside 
mmmmmmmmmm wine . Feeling tipsy . Every night is a weekend for me , if i want it . and tonight ... one girl party ! its ok its ok , i rarely drink . 
uh oh , I lost the key to my secret safe . 
trying to down size all of the stuf i have in case I need to skip town . ;/ im getting so restless and uncomfortable . My son is so much better without his dad in his life . 
i still can't find the key to my safe !!!!!! damn ! 
Bbq today !!!!! with cillians other family . They love me . I hope I stay the night downtown . !!!!!!!! 
I applied for college , for the fall semester . now lets hope I go . ! off to the bbq to eat and drink . 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm home ! 
\A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor '" 
ugh my dalmation < PROPFEMALE > died ! my other one will soon follow . Well , I rescued them from a cold jar of water , and gave them a warm salty home . They were happy for a short time . 
the future is so scary . 
is watching the human centipede !!! Hes explaining how he is going to attach them together ! the mouth to the anus . lol 
:) 
tomorrow it's been a year since I grabbed my son and went to live with my mom . I told her I was just over for a visit , but I haven't left . It feels good to get out of a shitty situation , and just be happy again . 
off to start my weekend ! taking my boy to see shrek ( his first theater movie ) and then going to midtown . =}}} 
lol nevermind . Cillian is a poop butt today , he was happy when we got to the theater , but a no go when it was time to go in . I need a break . a night of fun without him . 
ugh 
I want to move , so bad . 
likes to look for apartments/houses for rent in other cities . I'd like to make my way to the east at some point . Even just for a trip . I want to go to philly ! 
:) ;) ;) :) woke up to a good day . ! 
zzzzzz 
hella 
Either I will find a way , or make one . 
I wish I knew someone who knew something about independent foreign films . I'm trying to find a movie I like , but can't remember what its called . ugh ! Does anyone like movies that aren't mainstream ? 
I have a baby sitter tonight , so I'm going out . Drinking and dancing . Hell yeah , it's been a long long time . 
last night ......... SO AWESOME ! I had a really good time . But yo , dudes , I may have been drunk , but I have my shit together enough to realize when you are following me and acting creeping . and stop dancing like fucking < PROPFIRST > brown ! and also , I dont like skinny guys . I like some meat on the bones . Townhouse gets props for spinning \ 
Violent\ 
Femmes song blister in the sun . =] 
I update facebook too much . 
Going to a bbq at the river on garden highway . I love that spot . I wanted a good weekend , and it delivered . Loving life right now . =] 
Its hot today , I should have went to the river , whatever . going to have some fun tonight . ;) 
rode in a car with the top down for the first time ... now I want a car like that . I had fun tonight , but I don't want the night to end . I want to talk to someone ! 
wants to get into trouble 
baaa im the black sheep . 
baaa i'm a black sheep 
It took way to long , and hurt my hand to get a jar of pickles open . oo vlassic kosher dill . 2:22 am pickles and a movie . hell yeah . 
weird night . I miss having a connection with someone . Whatever . Solo girl , right ? 
One question : do you need ... someone , or do you need me ?... Forget it , I\ 
don't really care . -Lloyd Dobler 
Going to sit on the porch and watch the movie sling blade on the projector . =] Snacks and alchyhall . The trip to the full stop was a blast . hehehe . Feeling good ! 
seriously 
I want someone who \gets me \"...." 
weak 
I have a great son . =] 
ok google ... I put in \girls with thin lips\ " \ 
can't sleep . Not even tired . It's 3:01 am ... and no one is on . 
Hmm .. Today is going by ... really fast . 
party party party one person party . 
Sitting outside . It's such a beautiful day . ;) 
Today was a good day . =}}}}}}}}}}}}}}}} . 
Seriously hes bi polar or something . he didn't change , not one bit . wtf . 
feels like a full < PROPFEMALE > if you know what I mean . 
he saw his dad today . It went pretty good . 
my nostrils feel like I was up to no good in my sleep . 
needs more comedy in her life . 
is still up . =/ 
Going on a little \date\ " with my boy . Bounce town and then dinner . =] . " 
ugh I could use a lil of what you got . ;) 
Feels like a friday to me . I want to get into something this weekend . 
Looking for my friend .. < PROPFEMALE > ..... < PROPFEMALE > downer ..... 
Breakfast at cafe < PROPMALE > , and then the zoo . yay ! 
Its been a long time since I had a best friend . Whats up with that ?? 
Out and about- Kid less . 
The mailman delivered a new book , and shopping tote bag ,... and I guess I now get a year subscription to lucky magazine .... :D yay for winning contest I don't enter myself in . 
Going to watch 28 days later , on the porch with the projector .... i'm excited for .... the new twilight movie to come out ... let me be lame just for this .. I rarely get attached to trendy things like this . 
cool 
I want to be out of this world , On a whole other level . ;) 
Decided today was a good day to move everything out of my room and switch it around . Sometimes thats needed . =] . 
hey fuckface . 
I think I'm going to try fitness boot camp on friday . I can try it for free the first time ... if I like it , I'll sign up . I don't want to be frumpy at 26 . 
A year sober today , and I did it on my own . weird that I would have a drug dream last night . -Anyways , Yay me . 
mongolian bbq sounds sooo good . 
ah chatroulette . Thanks for keeping me company when I can't sleep at night . 
Ugh , my computer is messing up now . I'm dressed and ready to go to that boot camp fitness thing , but will I really go ? who knows who knows . My nikes are extremely white and read for action . ;D 
holy shit . I went . bad idea to have hella caffeine , and to eat before . The drill instructor was cool . 
is firefox a shit browser to use ? It kept freezing up , so I deleted it , and but internet explorer is working . ARGH . my computer is turning to into junk , and i barely bought it a few months ago !!!!!!!!!!! waste of almost 400 !!!!!!!!!!!! 
sleep ?! 
Going to old sacramento today .. my mom is going to watch my boy . Yay . a little shopping , and lunch !! no plans for the 4th . 
I just dropped a boat load of money on special fx and macys make up . I guess I have a new hobby . The new twilight movie was good . 
I think he's crazy enough to kill me . 
happy 4th of july everyone ! Going to hagan park later tonight .. =D 
feeling tired , but antsy . my damn arms are so sore . it's making me lazyyyy 
i got my zombie face on , white contacts . Im gonna go on chat roulette , and have some fun . remind me never to put in contacts after drinking !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
fuck it :) 
i want some lips to kiss on . 
holy shit , I'm up before 9am . 
Why do guys like that Trashy ass stripper look ? ugh that cheap slutty look is just NASTY . 
holy shit . Feeling good on this new Caffeine pill . 
ummm ..... 
holy shit 
the things you learn at this hour . Theres a secret club in cordova called \the gate way \"" 
damn it 
good night . 
Birthday party bbq with the kiddies today . 
What a good weekend . =] 
very sleepy 
hmmmmmmmm ..... 
ANTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????? 
Body aches . wtf . I hope it goes away soon ! 
=( whatever 
fuck it , and fuck everything else . 
\Birds of a feather flock together \"- I dont know . Im gonna go on a bike ride to buy a rack of ribs . I want ribs so bad . if you see me on my bike you may honk or run me over . " 
nevermind about the ribs . and the bike ride . false alarm . 
Todays going to be a good day ! 
Getting True Blood season 2 , < PROPFEMALE > of the dead , and land of the dead ( old ) in the mail , and just bought 4 movies at blockbuster . =] yay movies . 
Yep , I'm just not looking hard enough , Or maybe I -really- don't want it . who knows who knows . 
I always forget that carolinas SUCKS . ugh . 
\You don't became a failure until you're satisfied with being one . \"- my fortune in a cookie . A good one for me . " 
Later . 
My son said to me , \I'm not going to break your heart . \"" 
I was thinking it was sunday today . watching true blood season 2 from start to finish . 
Season 2 episode 10 of true blood , the funniest shit ever . HAHAHAHHA im cracking up . 
hella dizzy and light headed today 
the media needs to get off < PROPFIRST > lohans ass . 
Feeling better after a caffeine nap . zip zip zip . 
Seriously asking my son his opinions on clothes in the damn dressing room . \do you like these pants ? \ " \ " do you like this color ? \ " haha wtf . " 
A lazy lug of extreme tiredness today . 
Taking Cilly to the Docs , and then I want some bomb ass food . chillis ?! 
HELL YEAH !!!!!!!!!!! 
wow ! 
I need to get out of sacramento , I really want to move . 
I bet you can squeal like a pig . Weeeeeeeee 
my head is in the clouds today , got too much to take care of .. too much on my mind 
all I see is bahblahblahblahblah for the eyes . blahbahblahbahbalahlbhalbha 
I think im gonna switch teams . if you know what I mean . 
hehe <3 
whats up with the changes to FB and hotmail ? Don't like it . 
How weird , I don't have anything to say today . 
whatever . 
HELL YEAH ! 
Dinner and a movie tonight with a long time friend . =} =} 
Inception was REALLY GOOD . I was surprised how good it was . Had really good mexican food too . At home at 12am to be with my boy who is up waiting for me .. =] 
hi 
Gorilla head lock 
why have i been so tired for the past 2 weeks . weirddddd . 
Up Early to get things done today ... 
Today isn't going as planned .... preschool is all filled up . wtf . 
instead of a 3 day trip to san < PROPFEMALE > , we are thinking of a week in Hawaii ..... 
totally missing my sister . some family is here and we are sitting on the porch talking about stuff . =( 
taking my best boy out tonight for some fun . 
Really ? playing victim on fb is lame . I deleted < PROPFEMALE > G from my facebook because she is a < PROPMALE > shit talker . If you are going to talk bad about someone don't front like you are friends . 
Hell yeah . Booking our flight to Hawaii . It's in October , the hotel is right next to the beach . It's nice having something to look forward to . 
Should I be flattered shes posting eminem lyrics directed at me , AND mailing them ? or creeped out ? =/ weirdoooo . 
310am ... ugh . Im not tired . 
Happy friday ! 
want to get into something ... but no baby sitter ... I think my brothers are addicted to gambling . I feel like shopping , or drinking . 
holy freaking back pain . it's making me feel nauseous . I used to lift dead weight from the floor . glad its not my hip . 
Got to do some shopping while my brother watched cilly . hella funny bathing suit shopping with my mom . Mission accomplished . 
Why the hell does my son want to wear sweaters in the summer ? Crazy kid . 
I was not expecting a hole there ?????? 
Sitting outside enjoying the nice weather . 
\I don't want to be white anymore . \ " -Cillian . <-- haha . " 
can I go to bed and start over ? seriously .... everything irritating and frustrating has happened in the last hour and a half alone .... going back to the store to get my 200bux , might as well pick up a bottle of wine . =] . 
Wow , today is going great . =] 
it's a bummer my sons dad is a screw ball . and by screw ball I mean a space cadet . Whatever . 
Spent most of the day so far in the park , AND got a call they have a spot for cillian in preschool . =} =} =} ... ohh and those four loko drinks , hella good . thanks everyone . 
I'm freezing . wth ! laying on the couch with a blanket still cold . 
feels like a friday . hayyyyyy . 
i want to take a nap nap on cloud nine . and also ... damn I want some spicy mexican food . 
it's friday to me . watching jersey shore and drinking . oh how i want a bf with no strings attached . the time will come , no rush . 
mmm i want to snuggle 
tired tonight , sleep will come easy . 
maybe I will hog tie my son , just for fun , but also to get that damn sweater off . 
Going to go watch The Expendables tonight . 
=( 
I haven't had soda for a week , and I feel better already . Today , I had a grilled double down and it gave me an instant head ache . Screw fast food . yuck . 
bummed I can't go into downtown anymore . & I'm ready to start packing . October come quick . 
Just keep it on the down low .. Said nobody is supposed to know \ 
.. So I creep yeah \ 
.. -Hella enjoying TLC right now . =] 
When I ask you to kiss my pulse , you offer to start the shower . I want a verb and you give me a noun . What do you dream up while I tongue you down ? 
I love it when you call me Ape . 
how could you not notice there was .... man spunk in your water ? ew . =( 
Ugh . I hate not being able to sleep at night sometimes . Good Night . 
I need to stop spoiling my son .! hella happy to be home . 
how am I going to buy a damn helicopter for my son when the propeller on top doesn't even spin ? what a lame momma . lol . 
Feeling good today . =} 
whatever 
hmm should probably put some pants on if im going to sit in the living room and watch tv . Oh , how I miss having my own place . 
meh that cotten < PROPFEMALE > had a crunch to it . DAMN U AIR ! 
Smelling vinegar randomly today . wtf . 
oohh i want Mongolian BBQ . or something spicy . 
seriously WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY . 
I'm working out to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and my son is like \Look at you ! breaking a sweat !! \ " aww cheering momma on . <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for working out . " 
thanks to the bug that bit him , my sons eyelid is swollen . hes pulling at the bottom half down to watch cartoons . 
<3 u 
Whoa , I had a dream my ex/sons dad got a facebook , and what do you know ? he has a facebook profile now . weirdd . 
haha i'm dumb . 
hmm weather.com says its 108 outside . How are you liking your swamp ass ? 
Going to try to watch the crazies for the 3rd time . hopefully I can sit still and pay attention . and then I'm going to pack ! 
My sons preschool teacher called to introduce herself . That was nice of her . 
How cold does it get while camping ? Do a need a coat ? or just a hoodie ? I'm clueless . 
feels like i packed too much stuff .... hehe 
Camping , Peace out till Sunday . 
I love it when I get kicked in the face !! > = E 
Back from camping . ;) 
I'm not going to drink anymore . 
45 minutes without power , kind of fun . 
can't sleep ! 
in the mood to ............. i don't even know . 
Chalk it up , downtown this weekend . I really miss going downtown ! 
goodnight 
Water fight in the house . I won . 
even if he is a bit crazy , and for that reason I can't be with him .. it still would make me mad to see him talking to another girl . 
mmmmmmmmmmmm hot link sandwich and garlic fries . 
UGH . UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . 
very very , bored . 
Today is going by super fast . 
Straightening my hair , and watching < PROPFEMALE > . <3 it . Could never get tired of that show . 
shopping ......................... =/ 
swamp balls hot out . I don't even have balls . 
hella want some chorizo or some < PROPFEMALE > side ups with toast and bacon 
I dont feel good . not at all . 
My son has his first day of preschool tomorrow !!!! Make momma proud baby !!! 
New phone number 7064330 yay 
Haha im sitting here waiting for my to go order and the owner thanked me for my yelp review no wonder i got a weird look when he saw me . 
my son is the odd kid . First was in a < PROPFEMALE > costume and now he is a catapillar hes the only one haha still here and loving the weather 
Damn being a preschool teacher is a lot of work . I ended up staying the whole day to help out . Had nothing better to do 
Are you kidding me . Stresssed ... cant he slip up and be put away . 
might was well be christmas morning 
Chilling in the park with my boy . Feels good to wake up early these days . 
Hell yeah . Love making decisions on a whim . 
I loved staying at preschool and playing with all of the kids . =)) 
Cleaning up puke before going on a date . Love it . 
I saw < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Wayans last night at the comedy club , hella funny and a good time . 
it's been like 2 1/2 years since my boy has been sick , besides a basic cold . I'm out of practice ! 
Wwwwwwtttttttfffff 
i cant seem to get out of bed . :) meeting and food shopping today . 
i want to see a live band play soon or go dancing . 
watching cartoons from the late 40's-50's . Love Little < PROPFEMALE > . 
.. Sologirl ... keep myself in check . :) 
¿s ?? o ? ss ? dn s ,???? 
..... seriously I think he is a little scam artist . Hes saying everything he can to stay out of school .... 
:( 
3 weekends till TILL . 
time for some new hair . I'm thinking a long A-line . 
Are you kidding me ? my phone SUCKS . Screw you metro ! 
Big brother 12 finale tonight . :) 
mmm these gummy bears taste like plastic 
omg im so bored . extremely . bored . 
having a great time . I rarely go out on weekdays . So this is nice 
Omg this new neighbor is a cunt . 
Watching Goonies and eating nachos with my boy . ( glad he likes the movie ! ) 
can't stand ass kissers and brown nosers . 
Listening to music they would play in the roller rink back in the day . Nice memories . :) although i neever had a guy to slow skate with lol 
At this rate i will be in bed at 8pm . On a damn friday night . :/ 
Luau party tonight ... with my mom and son ... lol . 
The night is still young .... 
Today is going to be great !! 
My son said im so mean ... Haha . That little punk doesn't even know . 
I love getting text messages hours after they were sent . Thanks metro . 
If there ever is a website with past talk show episodes I would be so happy !! < PROPFEMALE > Lake , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > bey , < PROPFEMALE > jones , < PROPMALE > , .... 
SWEET ! my son didnt cry when i dropped him off .... :) 
hmm ... 
Needs some new hobbys or to get back into my old ones . This doing nothing but chilling is getting lame 
want to listen to some old r&b and get the groove on . 
mmmm la bou for breakfast . Great morning ... 
<3 <3 <3 <3 Very happy and can't wait till friday . <3 <3 <3 <3 
Hella happy right now . Great night 
Any girl I knew as a kid , Remember on the playground , they had those metal bars , and we would sit on it , with one leg over , and then spin around and around ? what is that called ? Does anyone remember that ? 
aw I just made a strangers day . <3 
You know what , I don't really have anything to post about . Last night was great , and today is going pretty good so far . <3 
I reveal too much about myself . Less is more . 
One question : do you need ... someone , or do you need me ?... Forget it , I don't really care . -Say Anything . 
He's so awesome . <3 
UGH ! <3 ...... ;) 
I want mongolian bbq and a slushie . oooh ... < PROPFEMALE > bad . 
New hair and a new cardigan . =] 
Im sitting here eating breakfast , casually with myself . And im thinking if i would have stayed , how misrable i would still be . Greatful that i got out . Heres to a year of happiness . :) 
Kinda lame I don't know any good make out spots or cliffs around sacramento . =/ .... I've been here all my life . 
Cillian and i can't sleep .. We're laying in the dark cuddling . 
Aww being around these babies makes me want another one in 5 years . Voluteering for picture day 
I just did a snort laugh infront of a bunch of adults .. am i 12 . :) 
I guess I'm alone in my awesomeness .. =/ .... 
<3 <3 <3 <3 ..... 
hmm forgot i signed up to be at the preschool today .. they are wild today . 
Going out tonight . :) 
CLoud 9 :) 
I know what I want ..... 
My netbook is only charging to 57% ... UGHH !! 
ARUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
Ready to get out of cali . Wednesday i'll be relaxing on the beach . 
I'm such a 15 year old . 
What a sad movie . :( .. the little boy is so adorable . ( kite runner ) 
Off day ... Didnt brush my wet hair before bed and that movie got me crying so im looking like a mess . 
Too much redbull ... On the way to the airport . :) 
I will roam these streets by myself ! 
I wont even try anymore ! 
Snorkeling was a lot of fun . We were there for like ... 4 hours . Not even tired . 
Cillian and I are taking it easy today . Play on the beach later , and a boat ride at sunset ... I'm on to my 3rd pair of sandals already . OW ! 
I want to go to apple hill 
It's cold up in this bitch 
ahh drinks on a boat at sunset .... Loving it . Going back out to eat dinner , and then the kiddo is going to bed and I'm going to roam the streets of Hawaii , it could only be better if I had some company !! =] 
next time I should bring a friend . and better shoes . I found a place to drink and dance , but my sandals are embarrassing . =(( 
Going to rent a bike and ride around the island !!!! while my mom takes the boy to play in the water !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! starving !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my mom thinks I'm out roaming around , but I came back to the hotel to take a nap ... hehe . I was up till 5am cali time . Im tired ! 
Snorkeling again today . I feel like laying in bed all day though . 
last full day in hawaii tomorrow ... =/ 
we used to fuss when the landlord dissed us-No heat-wonder why christmas missed us birthdays was the worst days now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay 
drinks tonight . I want to end up swimming with the fishes 
<3 u . 
be still my eyes ... seen enough dangling foreign man junk to last me a few weeks . Whys it always got to be hairy old men ... 
Great night . 
Back in sacramento .... :) 
rest in peace big fat fish .... wish i knew you were dead before I stuck my hand it dead fish water . ew . 
looking at apartments online .... wishful thinking . one of these days I'll get my own place again . :) 
Crafty mama today . 
Doesn't seem like a friday at all .. I think I will watch movies till I fall asleep ... 
who is sucking up all of my energy ? decorating for halloween today ..... ;D 
bloody nose .. wtf 
I hate when the toilet seat covers stick to my butt cheeks . 
White Zinfandel ..... <3 
ow my head ! 
funny episode of cops ... sitting on drugs and no clue how they got there ..... \then how did these gay magazines get here ? \ " .... hehehe .... sewing and watching cops . great night . " 
i want to go to a comedy club soon 
.. the first day it's cold my hip starts hurting again ........ wtf ! 
..................................... 
bored 
Had fun tonight . :) thanks :p 
my son just embarrassed me .. really bad in front of my brother ... last time I change in front of him . ( son not my brother lol ) .. 
Hot pink 
Oh dissed tribal tats and then this guy shpwed me his dinky arm tribal .. Lol 
Hella bored ..... hella hella .... 
... Grow old along with me ... 
Feeling great looking great ... sup with it 
... i wonder how life would be if she were here .. :/ 
im about this > < close to getting a hooker 
Nothing is as good as you can imagine it . No one is as beautiful as she is in your head . Nothing is as exciting as your fantasy . -Chuck . P 
Am i the only one who hasnt bothered to get pumpkins ? 
I want mongolian bbq so bad 
I feel like laying in bed all day 
I'm a good ass mood thanks to the mudslide for lunch . Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some chill people too . 
Yay ! 
relaxing tonight .. =) 
Damn i cant get 411 on my phone ... thats stupid . I was trying to call animal control on a limping pit walking in the street .. f metro 
This guy is sitting behind me breathing really loud .... Wtf . Damn i want to hit up them thrift stores .. Been a minute .. Want some funky vintage junk 
Greatness is not where we stand , but in what direction we are moving . We must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it ~ but sail we must , and not drift , nor lie at anchor . ~ oliver holmes 
30 mins late to class and we already get a long break .. lol .. would rather be in bed cuddling ! 
Dang i want to go to san < PROPFEMALE > and chill 
.... there is part of a cats arm laying next to the sewer .. it's gray .... guess who has raises gray cats ( blue brits ) ..... guess what today was ... trash day ..... guess who has 2 cats in the window .... my damn neighbor ! ewwwwwwwwww . =( 
damn hes sleeping already ! 
<3 <3 <3 SOLO GIRL <3 <3 <3 
Eh fuck it . Staying home today .. i feel a little crappy .. and i just want to hangout in bed . My sweet brother will still drop cillian off at preschool .. yay .. 
Its a reallllly nice day out . 
Whats changed since I was in elementary school ? No more Halloween parties in class ? ... When did parents become so uptight and unfun ? !!! I never remember someones religion being a problem for Halloween parties at school .... Halloween isn't evil ... lol ... 
Mmm good mongolian bbq ... 
I could go for some chili rellenos ... mmmm .. stuck in class 
Munchies like a mug . 
Cillian and i are having a sleepover at sophias and danielles :) 
Ahhhhhhhhhhh 
Chilled .. whattttttt 
Love u 
Hmm had a nice and thoughful conversation with my mom about my life and getting it together ... 
could be dangerous , now I know that Mongolian BBQ is just 7 minutes away ..... 
He's in the pokey getting poked . 
Kinda boring night for a Saturday ... but that is ok .... I'm sluggish still from last night . 
ah what time do kids go trick or treating ? When it gets dark ? almost dark ? 
hell yeah , I'm going to dress up tonight . This caffeine has me GOING . 
Huh ... at the liquor store . wow do i really want a drink .. hmm wont do it . I need to stop if im feeling like this . I got snacks instead . 
The Walking dead is on in 5 minutes ..... Better go get comfortable in the living room . 
Loved the show ...... 
<3 <3 <3 Yay it's November . Love this month . <3 <3 <3 
BORED !! 
I can go downtown again :) ... at least for now ... yay 
My brother is coming home later tonight ... and cillian gets to finally see the other half of his family this weekend .... so far it's a good week for him . :) 
Wtf today is going by too slow . Too many things i need to tkae care of ... My year of sleeping in is over :( ... 
Today I think I will get some new bras . I'm tired of adjusting myself . ... :) 
Good deed done for the day .. saved a distsressed worm from the sun . :) now watch a bird shit on me 
Im going to get on that air and water diet .. Lol . I kid . 
Taking care of important stuff instead of sleeping in . I kind of miss being a night owl 
Omg someone save me ... 
ugh . ugh . ugh . excited for monday . :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Looking forward to the weekend . :) 
I don't really care what people think of me , It's more of- I care what I think of me . 
Would you eat road kill ? - some people say they would , but I couldn't do it . I'm not a cave woman ... 
Another night with him :) 
Relaxing at home watching road runner with my best boy . :) Missed my son . 
Damn its dark already ... 
Paralegal today , i got good vibes over the phone , hope it works out ..... 
I'm not liking this earlier then it feels crap . 
mmm I love it when an expensive hair product spills all over my brand new bras and undies . LOVEEEE ITTTTT . The damn bottle is empty now ! It has great aim to fall into a shopping bag . 
So , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a priest , a little boy , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are on a plane . \ 
The plane is going down and about to crash . There is only one \ 
parachute . The priest says save the child ! \ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > says \ " yo 
Making egg rolls .... so far the filling is really good .. 
Finally figured out how to edit and organize my ipod . It's much more simple then what I was making it out to be . 
feels like i have a cold , with the flu without the fever .... anyways .. I feel like ass . 
I get it loud and clear ..... =( 
Feels like a Friday ... Wine will keep me company tonight . :) 
When you rediscover a fortune cooking saying .... I think it's trying to tell you something . making egg rolls and then off to the store for some wine . 
must buy myself a corkscrew ! must ! 
I need some damn comedy in my life . comedy club or someshit . 
I still can't taste or smell anything ... =( 
no foolin ' huh ? it's really only 10:34 pm .... 
I like to go out and do fun things ... don't you ? :) 
Haha at the flea market with < PROPFIRST > ... We are buying a bike and saw one of his bikes that was stolen .. fuckin crack heads 
extremely bored ... 
where can a girl go have a nice dinner and listen to live jazz ? or something mellow . jeez . 
I'm slacking on watching the new show . ;( you know the one , well if you know me enough . 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 u . 
THis not being able to taste anything is getting old ... almost a week ... hope it goes away by the weekend ..!! 
So for awhile my netbook has only charged half way . And now it's only charging half of that .... wtf ! 
I'm in a fantastic mood . =} =} <3 <3 <3 
cillians got 4 older girls over here who want to play with him ... okay maybe they just want his toys . :) 
Damn alarm .. Running late but still going slow :p 
I feel so out of place with adults sometimes ... 
I want to go to san < PROPFIRST > or shit at least something like that . Need to get out of sac 
Heh whatever 
whats for dinner ??? EEL SOUP !!!!! 
I need some excitement ..... but not the drinking kind .... 
I don't want to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . -J 
1 . My netbook now only charges for an hour ( but it's really less then that ) 2 . It's raining , so I won't go downtown tonight . 3 . I think I'll stay home and test out my new cork screw . 4 . I need some excitement 5 . I think I will have some excitement saturday night . 6 ...... That is all . 
watching comedians preform and drinking while laughing my ass off ... Pretty good Friday night in . ;) 
Date tonight . :) !!!!! 
I look like a mess tonight .... damn 
:) cant sleep ! 
hahaa .. some random person is texting me , and I'm going along with it .. It's some young sounding hoodlum . :P .. 
Last night sucked , My boy couldn't stop coughing for like an hour straight . He was saying \I don't want to cough anymore\ " ... :( Poor baby . " 
In a mood to clean out my room and get rid of stuff I'm not using or don't need . 
must .... dance .... sooon . 
He makes me happy . :) 
=( whatever dude . 
Another one bites the dust . Fuck the holidays . 
Life is too short to not have that \sweetness\ " I crave . Fuck it . " 
I want some puerto rican food .. It's been so long . :,( ... 
My son is turning into a tween girl . :P 
Watching the hangover and getting ready to go out . :D 
<3 <3 Had a great night with him . <3 <3 ... Dinner and a Movie . :D 
Hmmmmm ..... 
Holy shit 
Whoops forgot to drop off my boys homework and show in tell :( its his day 
I need some company and fun on the 3rd ... :( 
Ohhh it was hard to get out of bed this morning . Its easier for me to get up with less sleep . 
=/ 
Out to eat with my mom and son ... Soul food :p 
Today will be a long day . :( court house . 
2 hours to kill with nothing to do . Didnt know thet have wifi ! :( too much caffeine so i cant sleep . Ugh ! 
I have 48 hours to turn myself in to county jail .... 
I was thinking of calling it an early night , shower , and get into bed , but then I realized it's not even 6pm . ugh . 
watching celeb . rehab . Gummi bear is funny . ;P 
<3 my brothers . They are so sweet sometimes . They help me out a lot with my son . :) 
In these bodies we will live , in these bodies we will die , where you invest your love , you invest your life ... 
You got to be shittin me ! On demand has lots of good movies on . :) 
Going out with my friend . :D :D :D $$$$$$ 
DAmn this drink is good . 
These card games look confusing i cant even remember how to play slots . Im a kid 
whats up !! Not shit !!! 
bored , i guess . ;/ 
Damn , I wish my son was old enough to cook me some breakfast . 
somethings off . ;/ 
<3 <3 <3 
Such a nice day out :) 
Damn there are a lot of dumb fucks out tonight . 
Sup ! 
Please post a picture of your ( or someone else's ) ass for colon cancer awareness . The goal is to see nothing but asses by January 1 . We're not sure how , but somehow this will cure colon cancer for good . Repost if you're not an awful , terrible person who hates puppies . 
:) at the preschool today playing with the kids . 
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason ... then I realized I was thinking about you .. - . ;) 
Uh , whats up with the new status bar ? anyway . watching a < PROPMALE > renfro movie . I miss him . 
La bou has better coffee then starbucks . Yeah i said it . :) 
Who the hell gave < PROPFEMALE > grace a new show ?????!!! Can't stand her . UGH . 
Do you ever feel like putting on your shoes and just running ? I do . 
He's so sweet :) 
Downtown today , with my mom and my son . <3 
Yay the < PROPFEMALE > parade . I love downtown sac . 
Woohoo cillian got to spend a lot of time with < PROPFEMALE > before he got his pictures taken . :) he was so excited . 
name change . :) 
My son asked me what gay means ... What a fun age ;P 
Fuck your dreary heart . 
Did facebook get rid of spellcheck .... haha . 
I need more then this ... =/ 
When I ask you to kiss my pulse you offer to start the shower . I want a verb and you give me a noun . What do you dream up while I tongue you down ? -why ? 
This seats taken ;) 
don't be a snooze fest . 
We over slept , so now we are watching despicable me . <3 ..... Damn I want < PROPFEMALE > garden . 
hmm ... this new kids on the block shit is messing up my music flow . \I'll be loving you forever\ " has got to go .............. =/ .. but I will add new kids was the only boy bad I was ever into . " 
................. <3 ;) 
Hes such a dork , running around like a loner army dude , :) 
I want to drink vodka . 
Stop over plucking and drawling on your eyebrows in a half circle .... :/ ... it never looks ok . 
Coffee with my guy . :) 
Feels like I have a lot going on this coming week . =/ ....... 
well shit , I think I can get my son to do just about anything when I tell him < PROPFEMALE > is watching . ;) 
Straight trippin i have my crazy eyes on ... ;) 
boo hoo boo hoo 
After waking up 2am from passing out last night , i must say , i had a great time hanging out with myself in a quiet house . I miss staying up late . 
Awful timing for my son to get sick . We have a lot of fun things to do this week ...!! 
Hella bored , I could have been doing festive xmas stuff with my best girlie . :P 
I'm extremely tired today ... going to have dinner with my family in a little bit , and then get my mind/and outfit together for court in the morning . =( 
Found semi realistc ticking grenades .. my mini swat team guy is lovin it 
...... :/ 
:) :) :) luck luck luck luck that the judge isn't a < PROPMALE > luck luck luck luck 
Nothing can keep me down for too long . I'm still loving today . :) 
SUP ! 
My little cootie snatcher better stop eating crap in my bed . :P now I know what my dad was talking about when he used to complain about sleeping on chip crumbs . :P 
Its such a nice day out , hoping it stays like this for the next two days . On our way downtown to see cillians family . :) 
hey there is a < PROPMALE > jones movie . didn't know that . 
Going out with my guy . <3 
Yay Christmas < PROPFEMALE > day ... :) :) :) 
making appetizers .... hmmm ... 
Wish we had more people to celebrate Christmas with . I miss my dad < PROPFIRST > and my sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . REST IN PEACE !!!!! 
jealous of everyone's Christmas tamales . :P 
who is dosing me with sleepy time tea ? 
< PROPFIRST > Carlin : \I'm keeping him in my thoughts . \ " Where ? Where exactly in your thoughts does he fit ? In between \ " my ass hurts in this chair\ " and \ " let's fuck the waitress \"?" 
at the comedy club :) 
:) ~ 
This documentary made me cry ! :( 
My paralegal called today , and he never got a response back .. what the ... anyways moving on . We will file as a default . grrrr . Happy friday !!!! 
Really wish I wasn't tired still .. but I don't feel good at all . 
Lets see how long a corn dog takes to cook while im sober . :) 
haha no one can see my status anymore 
I want to travel . I want to go to new york 
<3 
Kind of depressed today . Called into preschool . I was doing fine then got really tired . :( hopefully i will see < PROPFIRST > today 
A lot on my mind . 
I haven't seen my ipod for a few days ... I always misplace it . :( 
I had such an awesome zombie dream . They were kind of slow , but could climb fences ... At the end i watched as my alive friends got attacked and so i said fuck it and walked into a group of them . 
Finally tried hummus ... Blehhhhhh ... :-/ 
One question : do you need ... someone , or do you need me ?... Forget it , I don't really care . -Say Anything 
hanging out at preschool today , getting a package delivered later ! :) :) 
My son is already talking about and planning his 5th birthday party . 
THis weather is perfect !!!! 
Somethings off today 
i was told not to turn on the bedroom light , as it will burn my sons eyes ... I think he is trying to get out of going to school . 
My new charger and cords came today , Charged the camera and across old videos of when Cillian was a baby- before he could walk , through when he was learning to talk . < PROPFIRST > was in them too , looking so happy playing with him . :( Ugh I miss him , what a great step dad . I will show them to cillian later . 
Listening to Sweet < PROPFEMALE > by The < PROPFEMALE > Underground ... I realized i've never a < PROPFEMALE > before . 
Strong will power right ? 
My brother < PROPFIRST > is awesome . :P 
Damn my girl soph can cook . :) 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
I love my boyfriend . :) 
Is in a gorilla head lock . 
The Superbowl is lame . Yawwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
My son likes to get wedgies , does that make him gay ? 
Kind of sucks , it is what it is . 
Do you still love my smile ? does it still make your day ? 
My son has awesome uncles . :P :P :P 
Remember you are not a bad mother if you choose to take time for yourself once in awhile . You are human too , and It's actually pretty healthy to do so .. ;) 
Did anyone notice when you click on someones picture it looks different ? 
No one is volunteering today so im staying at preschool . :p 
I have nothing more to give you than my heart . :P 
<3 <3 <3 <3 < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > is on Netflix . 
I was going to go downtown later today ... but the person I was going to see was drunk by 9:15 am !!! Damn drunkard ! 
Feels kind of nice to be home on a Saturday morning , and up early . :) 
Getting an early start on spring cleaning , which makes it great since I'm in the mood to get rid of stuff . :D :D :D :D :D 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tonight . :) he's such a great guy ! 
My son is covered in hives !!! oh dear !!!! :P 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone . I have my little < PROPFIRST > cuddling up tp me :) o < PROPFEMALE > 
I love you . ;) 
Damn , forgot what I came on the computer to do .... :/ I know it wasn't for facebook though .... 
sweet ! Took my son out after taking him to the doctors , didnt know kids eat free today at chilis ! And the place is empty ! 
Whats going down in rancho ? Helicopters and police cars going by , Hopefully it's not another shooting .... 
I'm starting to look old . 27 in 52 days ... Ugh . 
What is there to do today ? 
My son wants a ghillie suit .. you know so he can be stealth around the house looking like a bush ? What a dork . 
fb has published phone < PROPFIRST > for awhile ... calm down . 
Life is too short to be sad and stressed out . Fuck that , we all end up dead anyways . Best live it up and enjoy it while you are here . 
OMGGGGGG hahaha the shit I look up at this hour . 
Another Friday night/Saturday morning home to relax <3 ... Going to see my boyfriend tonight . <3 <3 <3 
i think i brought half my room to my bfs house . :) 
Does anyone know any good Indian food restaurants in Sacramento ? 
Getting samosa and pakora :) hope its good . 
I watch a lot of depressing documentaries , but Tarnation is fucking crazy . 
<3 :) 
Mongolian bbq with < PROPFIRST > . :) 
:( could go for some crispy fried chicken ... mmmm 
Zero appetite not even crispy fried chicken or steak sounds good anymore .. what the hell . 
Got to see my guy today . :) seeing him made me feel better . :) 
My son is so proud of his muscles . He knows when it eats healthy food his muscles get bigger .. but really ... ;/ they are like twigs , haha . I hope he doesn't realize they aren't getting any bigger . I think that would crush him . 
this heating pad sucks , it starts blinking and isn't hot anymore ... wtf . :( I dread getting old . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are picking up Cillian and taking him to lunch . :) How sweet of them . 
I've been a bum lately , my ass has been planted in bed a little too long , can't wait till I feel better and can't wait to MOVE . But for tonight ... I'm a bum . :( 
<3 So in love . 
Although I've seen every episode to the point I can quote it ..... HELL YEAHH ... My So Called Life is on Netflix ..... :) :) :) Thanks netflix ! 
It may be your parents fault if you are the way you are , But it's your fault if you stay that way . - ??? 
old school < PROPFIRST > brothers and cocktails with < PROPFIRST > .. :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Beautiful things can come from the dark ....... 
Why do we do things we know we shouldn't ? I came across the box of my sisters things , and couldn't stop myself from looking . Her girl scout uniform , which wasn't yet completed with patches ... and her school book that wasn't finished .... the last photo of her ... ugh . 
Bought some easy to read science books for cillian ... he'll love them .. :) 
Don't hate , fornicate ! 
When you start talking like your batteries are dying .. the words get slow .. when there are things you don't want me to know .. but before you let the room go to ice .. I remind you that the song on the radio is nice ... so let's just listen .. - <3 
\I'm keeping him in my thoughts . \ " Where ? Where exactly in your thoughts does he fit ? In between \ " my ass hurts in this chair\ " and \ " let's fuck the waitress \"?- < PROPFIRST > Carlin . " 
love love love Xiu Xiu :) 
Damn , I want to play kickball .. That's like the best sport ever . I wonder if it's still played in schools ? 
Going roller skating tonight with my best < PROPMALE > Soph ! :D :D :D ;D ;D 
Hella fun roller skating . We haven't fell :) :) :) :) 
<3 this show . Say Yes to the Dress ... Thanks netflix . :P 
:) pizza and cocktails . :) :) :) 
ohh the things you write on facebook after a few too many drinks . No , i'm not singgggglllle . :p 
Ohhh ... June is going to be good . I didn't realize how close I am to taking another vacation . 
So whats up ? whats the deal ? am I sick or not ? Another round feeling like I have a cold , but not 100% .... Ears , throat and nose but only like 4% messed up . 
What's taking my video game so long ? It's stuck in Kentucky . It's been 10 days already . :( Amazon is slacking . 
Blasting music and playing my new game with cillian ... yeahhh < PROPMALE > . :P ( he's good ) 
Cillian is allergic to mesquito bites . Glad nothing serious happens when he gets a bite . Lil bastards . 
I can't even say what im in the mood for .... ;) 
Damn , she just got attacked by a shower curtain .... 
Rolling through downtown ... :) ooomgggg i miss living here , just being here ... 
lunch and shopping with my mom :) 
To get a bottle , or not to get a bottle .... Hmmmm .... 
Damn , < PROPMALE > White ... You know what I mean ;) 
.... I gave up on playing cooties . So confusing lmaoo . 
my son is the \weird\ " kid . Wonderful " 
Damn , i have a great guy .. hes a total babe too . 
Kid napping . Music going . nice breeze in my room ... shots and sewinggggggg shorts for the preschool class bear . Ohh yeah . <3 it . 
For no real reason at all ... Today fuckin rocks . :) 
Is there anything connected from your neck ( left ) to your left insides , like around the lower ribs ? :/ 
My son is not taking this first bloody knee well . :/ 
:/ i give up 
I forget when I pour , I forget when I take a shot . ohh yeahhh 
Im getting jelly all over the place come lick it up 
At the preschool today . makes me want more kids . 
<3 you < PROPFIRST > Martinez 
possible tattoo tonight with my best friend ... Hmmm what to get 
Tattoo time ! 
yay ! 
hehehehehehee 
Last night as a 26 year old ... :) 
Kind of want to just sleep ... Kind of want to go to the store .... 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday . :D :D :D :D 
oooohh < PROPFIRST > Leguizamo .... <3 
hmm at the preschool today ... Cillian didnt want me to leave and they need an extra person ... Wish i ate !! 
Mormon cocksuckers . 
love that i can just leave when stressed .. ahh to breathe 
Do you want to know a secret ? I'm really not into 80's hair ( butt ? ) rock . 
happiness is a few severed ties away .... ;) 
A good way to have someone call you back is to leave a message \Hey asshole\ " and < PROPFEMALE > up . :P worked like a charm !!! " 
520 easter eggs :p waiting for the kiddos 
Cillians first spring break .... Wooo hooo . 
Ready for bed . or something ..... 
She kissed me just right , like only a lonely angel can . - <3 
missing .... something . <3 
:) Great morning so far ... In the kitchen trying to figure out how to make a quiche ( craving it !! ) It was just me and cillian at home , until ........... the neighborhood kids showed up !!! :D Yay . I love company ! 
DAmn , i think my shower was a little too hot and long ! Sleepy now . 
... I shall never google \mom and son\ " again . :/ " 
lol at people who think they are tough and \don't give a shit\ " on fb . " 
:| oh no < PROPFIRST > stepped on one of my sewing needles .. hehe ... glad it wasn't me ! 
:P :) :P 
This is the lamest weekend ever and it's only Friday . 
Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
ughh .. the smell of vinegar .. 
Happy Easter everyone . Bbq and egg hunt later ... 
yay jesus was a zombie ! 
... 
It makes me feel good that everyone in cillians other family still expects me , regardless that i left his dad . 
< PROPMALE > Koopa Jr. can kick rocks . :( :( holdin me back bro .. Trying to get my < PROPFIRST > on . 
The new Perfume Flower Bomb smells like a flowery vicks vapor rub . Ew . Not good for someones first perfume line . ( it's in the fancy Harpers Bazaar ) 
>=P 
hmmm .... Totally forgot what I was thinking . Completely out of my mind . 
Back to running . I Brought it indoors tonight on my Wii Fit . 3.700 < PROPMALE > . I need to find a good time to run outside ... It was creeepy last night in rancho . 
I <3 the show Weeds . :) 
Does anyone know when Second Saturday is back in midtown ? ohh .. I miss midtown . 
Hello ! 
Hellll yeah ... great saturday .. great mood . 
at my 2nd favorite spot ... Right next to < PROPFIRST > on his couch . :) 
Hmmm I could think of a couple of things I wish I was doing right now ..... all badddddd . 
.. My son sounds like he's purring in his sleep all snuggled up with me . :) 
I could go for some nachos and a cocktail ... :( :( 
whoops ordered 2 army tank pinatas . :) 
Anyone else do their best thinking in the shower ? 
Hobo With a Shotgun looks pretty good ..... 
I could go for some Mexican food and cocktails !!!! 
Can I tap that ? 
Amtrak tickets booked for june 18th-26th ... :D 
UGH ! :( 
Hah . Every month when I got online to pay my phone < PROPMALE > .. I forget my password and have to have it reset . EVERYTIMEEEEE . 
should be downtown listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Who Cares while drinking cocktails with < PROPFEMALE > Caspers ... :( 
