Anybody in NE or Central CT have a pick up truck we can borrow on Saturday ??? 

a nice quote I came accross : \I must not fear . Fear is the mind-killer . Fear is the little-death \ 
we'lup another night of no sleep , so I am making myself a treat for breakfast , grilled cheese and fresh sliced heirloom tomato with a dash of salt . Decided to skip the bacon this time ... too lazy to cook real bacon and that microwave stuff is fine in a pinch or a recipe but not on my seasonal tomato sandwiches . 
That old cliche , ' don't judge another until you walk a mile in their shoes ' has just been rattling around in my head for days now , i feel like I need to scream it . 
it gives me warm tingly mama feelings that < PROPFEMALE > always asks me to wipe her tears from her eyes after she has been crying . 
my jello container just reminded me that \happy is still legal in all 50 states\ " . I was struck by how cool yet what a sad commentary on the state of the current civil climate that we could need such reminders . " 
1 effin shiny < PROPFEMALE > backpack ... $14.99 .... check !... * grumble * ... making 3 year old ecstatic ... priceless 
Shared from Justin : \She\ 
ATTENTION EVERYONE PLEASE ... is there anyone out there who knows someone decent at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > that they can get us in touch with ... please , we are trying to save our house , which was built by my great grandparents , and our servicing bank has been fighting us through willful incompetence and outright lies and fraud for 2 years now . I need to pull out all the stops and try anything ! 
the shit just keeps raining down and we need an angel 
postponing \ 
birthday at my descretion , bc this week is just isn't feeling too \ 
celebratory ... so I am going to save it ! No one can stop me !!! Yeah me ! and thank you for your well wishes ... it helps to know I am in your thought's today :) 
Please send thoughts and prayers of mercy and kindness today to our family and Sovereign Bank . 
Enjoying my first few moments of true peace and quiet in months attempting to fathom the immense sense of appreciation I have for my good fortunes and the luxury of having such a generous and loving family . There is nothing more valuable than the unconditional love and support of true friends and family . Thank you . 
It is 2am and I am watching over my family sleeping peacefully in the home we now know will remain ours and , more importantly in our family , for generations to come and appreciating the value of old friends 
ALL FARMVILLE PLAYERS ... please read my note below about Zynga's latest and greatest example of their FU attitude 
IT RAINED !!!! Please let it fill our well up finally ... indoor plumbing is so NOT overrated ! 
it is 10/10/10 and it is Kaisa's 7th birthday ! Happy birthday to my precious fighter , it is time to celebrate the very special girl you are ! 
We had an absolutely fantastic time at Nature's < PROPMALE > for Kaisa's birthday party today .. the girls mined gemstones in the mine , made their own beaded necklaces , dug for fossils in the life size dinosaur maze complete with climbing wall and zip line , learned about geology ... and that was just a selection of the activities they had indoors , never mind outside . 
< PROPFIRST > Prague saved our home , please vote to reelect this spit fire who stands up for her constituents instead of always prioritizing moving up a ladder of personal gain ! 
After 3 years of waiting for < PROPFEMALE>'s hair to grow in and to get past the typical toddler mullet stage ( we were ALMOST there GDit !!!!!! ) < PROPFEMALE > chopped nearly all of < PROPFEMALE>'s hair off . I was in shock for two days straight and still can't think about or I will burst out into tears . Even the professional hair dresser couldn't hide the hideous hack job despite her ' do being reduced to the tiniest , worst looking < PROPMALE > . UGH . 
The children's song \the old gray mare just ain't what she used to be\ " has been stuck in my head for 5 days now . " 
< PROPMALE > said I earned 50 points for tying a balloon animal while peeing ... but I think I may have to give them back bc , i am sorry , but a 3 year old saying god dammit over and over is too adorable to be bad :) 
