Sick and freaking tired of liars .... Oh well ... < PROPFEMALE > can be an impossible thing to run from :) They will get what they deserve in the end :) You can count on that 

Back from FL finally , tired but glad to be home .... Now it's time to clean ! 
Can't believe the things that life hands me sometimes , you'd think that just getting back from vacation it would be nice ..... 
Ugh .... Ok so i'm just hanging out at the house ... Feels good tho ... Had a great FL trip ! Weddings always make me cry .... but in the good way ! :) 
WOW , why does it seem that there's MORE to clean after getting back from vacation ???? Shouldn't there be less since we weren't here ????? 
Almost 3 in the morning and I can't sleep , go freaking figure ! 
Ashlen turned 7 today ! Goodness , I feel OLD ! lol Before I know it , the girls are all gonna be out of the house and having their own lives .... :( 
You think these random thoughts and most of the time , they dont make any sense at that moment in time .... Later on tho , they make all the sense n the world 
Doing some last < PROPFEMALE > cleaning , mom will be here in a few hours ..... 
New pics up in my new pics folder ... Chopped most of the hair off ... lol 
Happy new year !!!!! 
Party at our place saturday night lol byob 
when I’m a bullet shot out of a gun ... when I’m a firecracker comin’ undone ... When I’m a fugitive ready to run ... All wild-eyed and crazy ... No matter where my reckless soul takes me ... Baby you save me 
Waiting for the kiddos to get home so we can run to the store before Mikey has to go to work :( 
OMG Psycho stuff is happening and i'm sooooooo confused ...... It's really bad when you lie to others so much that you start to believe your own lies are reality ! lol 
Ahhhhhh ....... Not sure where to go from here ...... 
Gonna play some 007 , can't sleep worth a hell and I have to be up in 4 hours anyway ... Might as well sleep when the littlest monster takes her nap later on today :) I hate when Mikey isn't home , I have hell trying to go to sleep 
Ok so I really miss my long hair ... I kinda like my short hair but I REALLY REALLY miss it being long ... Gotta grow it back out , then NEVER cut it again , at least not short lol 
I'm about to fall on my face , i'm freaking exhausted all of a sudden and have no clue why .... To bed early for me tonight 
Ugh .... just got up like 2 hours ago and thinking about taking a nap already lol 
\Damn it feels good to be a gangsta\ " :) " 
I feel like my back is just gonna snap in half lol 
So freaking tired ... New phone too , if you need/want the number , let me know in a message , thanks 
Sitting here with little one while she watches \The FreshBeats\ " on < PROPMALE > .... She loves the music :) " 
UGH , another LONG night ahead ..... Let's hope I can keep my sanity .... Or at least the < PROPFEMALE > bit of sanity that I have left :) 
No sanity left .... Go buy or find me some and bring it back here , i'll pay ya for it :) lmao 
Just pulled some chocolate chip cookies out of the oven ... I do my best baking at night lol Anyone want one ? :) 
Slept for a while but i'm still tired .... No clue why .... 
U know it's bad when you lie to your own kids almost everytime you talk to them ........ Gosh ... Some people should just grow up and act their age ! 
Wonder if the Sheriffs Department teaches a \learn how to read your paperwork\ " course on the weekends ... Cause they sure as hell are gonna school u on a bit ! " 
Tired of being stressed out ... I need a freaking vacation !!!!!! 
Crap can't get any worse ... I need a night off and I need it NOW .... I'm gonna freaking lose it 
Chillin at the house ... Waiting for the 12th to get here :) 
Hmmm .... will it happen ?????????? Guess we'll have to wait and find out :) 
Ready for whatever may happen ... It's all just a matter of time before your true colors show though to EVERYONE 
Trying to figure out why i'm so dang tired .... I slept 7 hours last night ... What happened ? lol 
Happy Birthday Marmee ... I love and miss you very much 
Can't wait till Friday night ( which would actually technically be tonight ) ... It's looking like it's gonna be GRAND ! :) I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ever wonder why the theme song of < PROPFEMALE > The Explorer sounds like someone who has a stutter ? \D-d-d-dd- < PROPFEMALE >\" lmao " 
Cleanin and doing laundry as always ... I need a 120 day cruise lol 
WOW Some people take the apps on this site WAY too seriously ! Chill out .... 
UGH ... Pain sucks butt .... Wish they would just rip this useless thing out and get it over with but \nooooo you don't have insurance so we're just gonna let you die\ " :P " 
Listening to the new KMK album :) It's dizznope ! 
Freaking pissed off as all hell right now .... Tired of it .... Goodfrigginnite 
I HATE having to wait for the mail :( 
Doing laundry as always .... Watching \Untold Stories Of The ER\ " on TLC ... Thinking about a few things for the future weekens ahead .... We'll have to see what happens and how things go :) " 
Doing laundry as always .... Watching \Untold Stories Of The ER\ " on TLC ... Thinking about a few things for the future weekends ahead .... We'll have to see what happens and how things go :) " 
Pissed right now , sick and tired of all the bull that's happening ... I'm so close to done it's not even funny 
Completely confused right at this time ... Leave a messsage after the BEEP ........... 
Going to bed early tonight ... for some reason i've been feeling really sleep deprived lately .... Not sure what's up with that 
In honor and utmost respect for those brave \ 
men and women who have fought and still fight for our nations military , \ 
THANK YOU ! I love and miss you grandpa :( 
UGH ! Some people are so freaking dumb ! I swear , it makes me believe that if you were to take them out behind the barn and put them down , the bullet would be worth a hell of a lot more than them .... 
Wish some people would learn to grow the hell up ..... 
Redbull gives u WIIIIIINGS ! * flies around the house * lol :) 
??? Well you may be < PROPMALE > for the moment\ 
But I am a < PROPFEMALE > understand\ 
And I've got your pawns and your bishops\ 
And castles\ 
All inside \ 
the palm of my hand\ 
While you were loo < PROPMALE > the other way\ 
While you\ 
had your eyes closed\ 
While you were lic < PROPMALE > your lips\ 
' Cause I \ 
was miserable\ 
While you were selling your soul\ 
While you were \ 
tearing a hole in me\ 
I was ta < PROPMALE > control ??? 
Whooohooo ! Ok , i'm up ! Been up for over an hour lol Got a LOT to do today :) \ 
Stalk away oh whoreish one lol 
Dont be takin my words and messin them up ! They's MY WORDS ! 
Ugh , I need new contacts BUT that requires a script which I dont have .... So i'd also have to go to the optometrist which sucks ..... 
It's interesting how the smallest little \ 
things can give you the answers to the huge questions . No , they will \ 
NEVER really change . 
Isn't it sick how one little comment can open up an old wound that you could have sworn was healed and forgotten ... Just one little comment , tears it right back open .... 
\Courage is not the absence of fear 
Stressed out and confuzed .... Life goes on tho lol 
Ugh ... Today is so NOT my day , too many \ 
things have gone wrong and my day isn't even half over yet lol 
Mikey needs to stop droppin weenies on the floor lol 
I need a freaking vacation ! NOW ! I need to get away , I need to be able to breathe ! 
I am not dumb to the way you work ... It may \ 
have taken me a few years , but I have perfected the talent of learning \ 
to read through your BS 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH why can't I GO TO EDC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I\M PISSSSSSSED " 
I wanna stand on my head and turn in circles ! :) 
Just printed out my tix receipt :) I can feel it in my bones ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... :) WOOOSAH ! 
Ready to get my \white girl\ " lookin dance on lol " 
OMG EDC was freakin awesome !!!!!! Soooooooo glad I went ! Happy Fathers Day guys ! 
Finally caught up on the lost sleep :) It's all good tho , EDC was a freaking BLAST ! I'm sooooooo effin glad I got to go :) 
Can't let her crap bring me down ... I JUST CAN'T! 
If you can't be yourself , then I'm not sure that I wanna be around while ur acting like someone else that I don't even know 
Lookin for a job ......... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > ... It's been two years and you're still missed so much by so many 
Kids and their loose teeth , I swear lol 
\Abandon the search for Truth ; settle for a good fantasy . \"" 
Need someone with a pool ..... that I can party at 
Laundry and vaccum time again ! Whoot ! The story of my life ;) 
Just started the \Insanity\ " workout 60 day course thingy and it's freaking intesnse ! No wonder they call it \ " Insanity\ " lmao " 
Busy busy busy weekend coming up .... Gotta \ 
just breathe and get through it , I'll make it , I hope lmao 
Goodnight all , road trip tomorrow , UGH mixed \ 
feelings about it , let's see how it ends up 
Is it workin ? 
Ok good deal ... Nite everyone .... If u need to talk u know the number :) 
About an hour from < PROPFIRST > .... Hold of rain , or just go away lol 
Awake .... Feels kinda good to sleep in . Now , what to do what to do ????? 
Only 5 more days till my bday .... 
Putting stuff up on Craigslist , I don't use most of it so why in the world should I keep it ? lol 
Anyone want a 56\ JVC projection TV ? lmao " 
Rain rain go away ... AND DONT COME BACK ... At least 4 a week lol 
Thank you thank you all for the great birthday wishes :) 
Dang , pics from the 10th still aren't up on the LL < PROPFEMALE > yet ... WTH ???? 
Can't wait till Saturday ! Gonna party it up with one of my favorite people in the WORLD !!!!!! 
Makin chicken parm for dinner ... From scratch :) 
Last night was freakin awesome ... Had a freakin great time with 3 of my most fav ppl THANK YOU GUYS 
Someone left a blue lighter .... Lol 
?? Can we pretend that airplanes\ 
\ 
In the night sky\ 
Are like shooting stars\ 
I could really use a wish right now \ 
Wish right now , wish right now\ 
?? 
Got a lot to do today , so little time to do it :) Oh well I'll make it happen ! 
Headed to bed early ... Got a LOT of driving to do tomorrow :) Nite nite all ! 
Bumpin it to < PROPMALE > S . and drivin :) 
I feel like im in florida ... Rainin but still bright enough to require shades WTF ?? Lol 
Home again .... FINALLY ! 
Chillin out ... Trying to figure out what to do right at this moment lol 
I have some of the best friends that I could EVER ask for ! I <3 you guys ! Pst ... U know who you are lol 
Just when things start going ok .... MY PHONE CRAPPED OUT !!!!!!! WTF !?!?!? Ok so i'm stuck with a \back to basics\ " phone from the stone age till I can get another AT&T phone .... " 
Ghost Hunters International is on !!!!!! Whoot !!! 
Not in a good mood @ all right now ... Pretty pissed off 
?? Second chances they don't ever matter , people never change . \ 
Once a whore you're nothing more , I'm sorry , that'll never change . \ 
And about forgiveness , we're both supposed to have exchanged . \ 
I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm passing up , now look this way .?? 
I find compulsive liar stalkers to be like HA one of the most amusing things on the planet .... Wonder what lie she'll come up with next ..... 
Ok so check it , Mikey just said that he never wants to go swimming in the water near Seal Island , esp if he's on a skateboard .... Me thinky he watched the X Games too long lol 
I hate how long it takes for nail polish to dry ... Grrrr 
Ugh ... freaking exhausted and I have no clue as to why .... 
Im getting sleepy and I have absolutly no clue as to why .... Maybe its time 4 a nap 
Watching a new ghost hunters international :) 
Omg i think its gonna rain .... Come on rain !!!!!! 
* Yawn * * Stretch * I don't know why but I still dont feel fully awake yet .... Need more coffee I suppose lol 
HAHAHA Ok according to the \Jersey Shore Nickname Generator\ " my nickname is Pookie :) lol " 
Ok , so I HAVE to vent ... PLEASE , know what you're getting into BEFORE you decide to turn your world upside down and chain yourself to one person for the rest of your life ..... DONT do it on a whim .... If it doesn't work , it wont feel good , trust me ..... 
“The stupid neither forgive nor forget ; the naive forgive and forget ; the wise forgive but do not forget . ” - < PROPFIRST > S . Szasz 
OMG I dont think that i've EVER seen a damn game that long ..... Ok so maybe I have but that game was screwed up ! Jeeze .... Let's hope our 1st string can get it done quicker come the regular season ... We need to win the first Superbowl in the new stadium this year ! HOMETOWN BABY ! 
So .................... Yeah I have no clue what to put here but felt like updating ..... Want a Redbull ? Im drinkin 1 lol 
Time to hit this thing hardcore .... Gonna start it all tomorrow , I give it between 60 and 90 days ...... Then there will be a CHANGE ! :) 
Respect for the truth is an acquired taste . ~ Mark < PROPFIRST > Doren 
“A true friend will tell you the truth to your face - not behind your back . ” 
I luv that capt < PROPFIRST > tattoo but damn the next day sure is a doozy lol 
You shall be defeated ! When such a thing \ 
occurs , I will raise my hands to the sky and yell in victory . For I \ 
will have slain Medusa ! 
Perjury is a criminal offense .... Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . Perjury = LIES you idiot ! HAHAHA I'm feelin GREAT ! I'm on top of the dang world right now ! 
Summer cleaning spree .... Doin a deep cleaning on the house even tho it hasnt been that long since the last time 
I am INVINCIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Doing laundry , chillin out , wondering what strange thing will happen next lol 
Doing a deep cleaning on both bathrooms in the house .... I have come to the conclusion that soap scum is EVIL ! lol 
Shower time ! Then gotta head out and run a few errands .... Let's see how this all goes 
Whoot ! Rude Boy remix :) 
3 social networking sites , filth.fm all open , headphones on , plus texting .... DAMN i'm good at multitasking lol :) 
Good god ! 103 effin degrees is NOT nice .... Fall needs to hurry and get here 
Nothing like waking up and starting ur day with some Dubstep !!!!!! 
Kids had a great day @ school .... And that makes me happy 
Holy cow its only 89 outside right now .... Feels pretty nice 
Late late night ... In bed watching fear and loathing ... Nite all ... Gotta be up early 
Just got back from the store , dinners in the oven , now time to put away laundry 
Mmmm homemade pepperoni pizza is in the oven and it smells gooooooood 
So someone tried to break into the liquor store down the street .... Damn whos the local alkie ?????? Lol 
Just sold my gameboy play it loud edition ...... Hmmmm maybe i should start an ebay business lol 
Doing some cleaning and bumpin filth.fm ....... It will be a productive day , I can feel it ! :) 
Happy Bday to Ashlen ! The little monkey turns 8 today .... Good GOD how fast they grow up .... 
is kinda sick and tired of having the sickies :( 
Omg im so freakin happy ! REDBULL TIME !!!! Mad props to the inventor of it . I dont know what id do without it :) 
MMMMMMMMMM Daily dose of Redbull ! Or as Kidd would call it \battery acid ! \ " lmao <3 ya hun " 
Watching the dallas/houston game 
Happy birthday to my boo boo ! She is 3 today ! 
Mountain dew baja blast is like one of THE best things EVER ! 
Watchin the Texas/OU game ..... Lets see how this plays out 
Gettin ready to watch the Cowboys/Titans game .... Go Cowboys ! 
Busy busy busy ...... 
Homemade chicken parm tonight ..... Mmmmm i can smell and taste it already :) 
Kids are at school , ingesting my daily morning redbull , gonna get stuff done ! 
Sitting down 2 watch the Cowboys/Giants game ... Lets go Cowboys !! 
Romos out w/ a fractured collarbone . We're done . :( 
Just got back from the gym ... Ran over a mile and it feels awesome ! 
Time to go have some Halloween fun with the girls :) Will post pics later 
Hmmmm plans :) 
... because im so fuckin smart , i make all the other smart people look retarded ... 
Home finally ..... Now , it's bed time ... 6 am comes early ya know lol 
Dear Rangers , \ 
WTF ?????? 
Sitting down , getting ready to watch the Cowboys game .... Let's see how it goes 
Had to change the channel .... This crap is retarded . This season has SUCKED !!!! 
Hmmmmm ........ Sometimes I wish things could have been different , other times , i'm kinda glad they didn't ... Damn indecisiveness 
Holy carp ! I think the Cowboys finally realized they're getting paid to play football , not suffleboard lmao 
Sooooooo can't wait till the Tuesday before Turkey day .... It's not getting here fast enough :( 
Watching the new House MD on Fox :) 
Happy Birthday Kaylen . The fact that she's 9 today makes me feel OLD lol When I first moved here she was getting ready to turn 5 . Lord how the time flies ! Happy Birthday sweetie . 
Laundry , cleaning , gym , then chill time . Busy busy day ! 
Had to change my email address ... If you need/want the new one , send me a message on here 
Early bedtime , gotta get up at 7am to start cooking a feast for 9 :) Sweet dreams all ! 
Happy turkey day ! :) 
specials !... if\ 
it fits in a 2 1/2 inch circle its $50 , 3 inch circle $80 , 3 1/2 circle\ 
$100 ... ALSO , on weekdays , $300 as long as you can sit , get tattooed \ 
till you cant take it any more !!!! no breaks unless artist says so !... so\ 
get off your net surf'n butt and get a sweet tattoo ! LOVE N HATE 903-868-2050 
Zzzzzzz .... 
SPECIALS !! IF IT FITS IN A 2 1/2 inch CIRCLE ITS $70 , a 3 inch CIRCLE $100 , 3 1/2 INCH CIRCLE $ 125 ... ALSO , on weekdays , sun-thurs , $400 for as long as you can sit ... no breaks unless the artist says ! LOVE N HATE TATTOO 903-868-2050 also ask about TRADITIONAL tuesdays and thursdays when all traditional tattoo designs are half off 
Tryin to figure out what i want for a late lunch .... Im hungry lol 
Still haven't figured out what to eat , guess I'll just wait till dinner lol 
\ .... Well since we've already broken the F barrier ... \"" 
Heading to the store to figure out what I wana get Skylur for her bday .... I need a damn Java Monster too 
k got all the birthday shopping done , now to finish my christmas shopping within the next week :) grrrrrrr 
Ok I have found the best thing on the planet .... Kona Blend Java Monster !!! 
I HATE my freakin internet company ... They suck ! Too many area failures lately ... Why pay the < PROPMALE > if it keeps going down ? 
Ugh id kill for a java monster right now :( grrrrrr 
Ok , so Java Monster is OFFICIALLY THE best thing EVER invented ! Forget the Redbull .... It can stay at the store , doesn't do anything for me anymore , I've found a new love lol 
Whoooooooooohoooooooooo ! 
You create your own < PROPFEMALE > . You make your own road between life and death . If you live peacefully or live in pain , that's your choice to make . No one else can make it for you . 
God this week is gonna be WAYYYYYY busy and interesting ..... Moms gonna be here in like a week and a half .... So much to do and take care of before then 
OMG the freaking laundry and cleaning NEVER ends ! 
OMG ok , < PROPFIRST > just came into the living room and started singing Ke$ha's \Take it off\ " lmao I sooooo have to get this on video ! " 
All 4 of the girls are going to the dentist in a few hours ... Keep them in ur thoughts 
Some people shouldnt set their status whilest alcohollically challenged lol 
< PROPFIRST > just informed me that someone has a squirrel in their pants ..... Umm ... WTF ? Lol 
Sitting in jumpnland watchin the kiddos run amuck lol 
It must be national idiots day because theyre all out here on the roads .... Dumb people ! 
Anyone know where I can get some Halestorm albums ? 
Nevermind ... I got it now :) 
Got some things to do today .... Things are looking more positive by the day , lets hope they stay this way ! 
Omg the water buffalo are migrating !!!! 
Inhale , exhale , inhale , exhale ..... Jeebus < PROPMALE > world is packed to the gills 
hmmmmmmmm 
ive got the Crown .... what about you all ??? 
Bummed out ... Things finally start going awesome and i have to sit on the sidelines and watch everyone else enjoy :( 
Ok enough of this crud ..... You guys have an awesome night :) 
Hangin out at the in-laws .... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!! 
Kids are runnin amuck and im working on getting all their new clothes washed :) < PROPFEMALE > christmas all ! 
Just ordered pizza at pizza hut ... Thank god theyre open for carryout today lol 
A big thank you to Java Monster .... I wouldnt have made it thru the past 2 weeks without you 
The girls all had a good christmas , its about to get even better :) 
kids are all in bed .... now its time to chillax a bit before heading to bed myself , still doing laundry as well lol 
Sooooo now to figure out how mine and mikeys anniversary is gonna pan out . Babysitter needed and mikeys the one whos supposed to be planning it all .... Worried 
Lots lots lots to do today ..... Let's get it done ! 
Watching the 2 hour Dog The Bounty < PROPMALE > special :) 
Finally getting to bed here in just a bit .... Then gotta start it all again in less than 7 hours 
Mikey and I are gonna party it up tomorrow night all alone .... Gonna try to get a bottle of tattoo for the new year 
Hmmmm maybe strawberry/banana smoothies help with hangovers ... Well see 
Hangin out up here in Westchestertonfieldville ..... 
I swear ... Some people need to relearn how to move for emrgency vehicles ... Stupidity at its finest folks 
So the christmas tree is down ..... Finally 
Cleanin cleanin as always ..... Anyone wanna help ? Lmao 
Chillin out ..... http://fubar.com/~5BB9S 
Why ... Everytime i drink , i end up watching food network whilest intoxicated ??????? Im gonna end up being like 900 lbs by the time im 40 ! This has GOT to stop ! 
Can't wait for tomorrow to get here , Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with 2 of the most awesome people in the freaking world .... :) 
has been known to cause dizziness , confusion , heart palpitations , temporary insanity , mood swings , depression , and the giggles . Use with caution . 
I GOTTA PEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
hey now .... its called friends and a kickass time .... freakin epic !!! glad were all together again :) 
Snow snow .... 
Its supposed to keep snowing for the rest of the day ....... 
Grass cat ..... The importance of inside jokes is immense :) 
Must suck to get kicked in the man junk by ur own footwear ..... At least it wasnt done by a botter wuffalo 
not really sure if theres anything i hate more than running out of laundry detergent .... grrrrrrrrrr 
So i just walked back in the door , put the grocceries , now , to clean .... It never ends ! 
Java monster , a few smokes , and a lot of laundry to get caught up on today :) ill get it done :) 
The sesame chicken came out awesome .... Add 1 more thing to the long list that is my cookbook :) 
im up im up ..... 
Has been using wayyyyy too much lysol today .... The pink polka dotted elephants wont stop dancing around my kitchen 
