has a lot to learn ... 

has a distraction ... Unfortunately . 
had a ridiculous 4th of July , in a very bad way . I hope things work out well , my friend . 
thinks that the financial aid offices deliberately try to make his payments late . * sigh * Now he'll owe even more money . 
spends a lot of time mentally choreographing elaborate fight scenes with random people around him . 
wishes he could run away -even if just for a little while- with you ... on an adventure !! 8D 
is trying to decide on his very first car ... any suggestions ? 
can't fake the foo 
is wasting all his free time alone ... 
has nearly completed his preperation and is eager to test his mettle and join in friendly combat once again against his Bond Hall brethren . 
needs someone to get this freakin ' duck away from him ! -flails- 
is a blissful hopeless romantic ! 
just discovered caramel apple cheescake ... I'm sorry apple pie , but you have been replaced . 
can't wait to clear the < PROPMALE > in the back ! Watch out small trees ; my blades are ready for you ! > 3 
feels like a million bucks ... ARE TRAMPLING OVER HIS SINUS CAVITIES ! 
is ecstatic about the newly created Early Thanksgiving Legend of < PROPFEMALE > Extravaganza ! < PROPFEMALE > , fun , and delicious ~ ness all in one day ! 
has been away from facebook for a bit , but would like to thank all of his awesome friends for the birthday wishes !! Thanks everyone ! 
knows something you don't! I'm not left handed ! 
<-- this guy is defying natural selection one risk at a time ! 
\Sword and Zen are same\ " ... hm . " 
Epic Bowser Versus Brownman fight ! There will be gun and sword pitted against tooth and claw ! Who will win in this timeless battle of man versus beast ?! Be there and find out this Sunday ! Sunday !! SUNDAY !!! 8D 
is pondering the act of conversation and his lack of skills to do so ... XD 
knows everybody's gotta learn sometime . 
is thinking it's time to st < PROPMALE > another project . Hm ... Armor ? Weapon ? Other < PROPMALE > ? All of the above ?! -cracks knuckles- ... Let's do this > 8D 
is learning that no matter how much skill you have or planning you do life is still a coin toss . 
needs more battle ! ... Of the swordplay variety , of course . :D 
is diggin ' the \view friendship\ " links . Oh the memories . Heh . " 
Thinks it's time to learn some unarmed combat techniques . Anyone have suggestions for styles and disciplines for me to pursue ? >:D 
One more loss in a losing life doesn't hurt so bad anymore ... 
So , I've been doing more reading lately . I've missed contemplating varying ideas . I've been so stuck in my own personal thoughts ... running in circles . It's been nice bringing in new concepts to the mix and reading into different viewpoints on old ideas . \ 
Also , I've been checking out old proverbs . \ 
??????? ?????? \ 
... ( kenkou ooku no seimei -tandoku de aruku hito-)\ 
( good health much life - man who walks alone-) 
Anybody need or want a roommate ? I'm considering moving out and I'm looking for some more options . I have good references ! XD 
