\Lets leave the jews aside for just a second ... \"- Dr. Griffin . " 

Insomnia my old friend we meet again . I suppose I will type this paper then . Someone shoot me a text . 
I surrender ..... I .... Give ... Up .... 
At least I still have yesterday . 
Damn you instant gratification . You've ruined everything for me . 
There's a reason unique ideas arn't tried very much . No one has made a space capsule out of fudge but you wouldn't do it , because all you'd wind up with is a bunch of very delicious astronauts . 
Bills payed responsibly and on time for once . Hmm ... This feels nice . I might have to do it all the time . 
I'm on a fuckin ' roll tonight . Fixed the speakers on my laptop so I don't have to use headphones . Fixed my iPod that wasn't working for some reason . Finally figured out a way to transfer all my iPod songs back onto my computer . 
I would like to take time out of my day to that my Father : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > as well as my mother : Anne-Marie Natale < PROPMALE > for raising me correctly . I love you Dad . Mom , I miss you everyday . 
If ever there was time for there to be a miracle , now would be it . 
Time to get busy forgetting again . 
Too stressed to deal with people . My phone is off . 
Dubstep really takes the edge off ... Feeling much better . 
Was it fate or < PROPMALE > ? I can never decide . 
So , I have no idea what I'm doing . Sitting around waiting for an answer to a question I've asked multiple times so I can make plans for spring break . Screw it . 
Most people don't believe something can happen until it already has . That's not stupidity or weakness , that's just human nature 
Legitimately worried . 
Vegas then Cali . Gonna be a good spring break . 
Off to cali in 6 hours god help me 
In Cali . Hit me up . 
Sigh 
In Northern Cali . Anyone know of anything fun to do . Hit me up . 
I dont have delusions of granduer I have an actual recipe for granduer 
Walls sure are thin at this motel ......... 
Anybody want to talk ..... Text me .... 
Flagstaff Bound 
A perfect prayer in a desperate hour . She's everything beautiful and different . 
So I'm slowin it down and I'm lookin around and I'm lovin this town and I'm doin alright . Ain't worried bout nothin but the man I wanna be . And it'd sure be nice if you would roll with me . 
Sometimes I forget how exhausting Insanity is . Sooooo tired .... Oh well I feel so much better 
