Me being uptight and you being all right -there's advantages to each ! 

Just another day , in a new decade :o ) 
I had an ingenius idea to make a Facebook and add everyone except for my dad . Facebook is confusing the hell out of me ... 
The parentals went to go out to eat at Goldilock's ... you know what that means . Shenanigans ! 
Another week of school . Sob-face . 
If you could taser any five individuals ( living , dead , famous , familiar ) who would they be ? 
I am going to sit on the hammock and read The Odyssey . 
< PROPFEMALE > is here , and < PROPFEMALE > is making one ? Facebook has gone to the cats and dogs ... 
Oh man , I have consumed more than half of a Digiorno mushroom & spinach pizza today ... 
Iron Man II ... oh my god ... it cannot be put into words ! 
Just woke up from a coma ... :o ) 
When's the last time I wrote on my wall ? Right ... now ! Biking outside sucks so bad . 
I just barely woke up . 
< PROPMALE > Institute Fashion Camp O.O 
Everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > Fashion Camp is hosting a fashion show at the Fashion Show Mall tomorrow at three-thirty . You should come and visit me . I am a contributing stylist in scene three . 
YOGA AND KINGS OF CONVENIENCE . 
Woke up early ... going back to sleep ... 
Mandalay Bay Beach and < PROPMALE>'s birthday party was fun . Converting photographs into downloadable files :) 
I'll find you . 
Woke up from a nap . Feels good , man . 
I stay up all night and make D . I . Y . attachments for my speedlight . I should go to < PROPFIRST>'s and purchase better materials . 
I looked hilarious when I removed the hair curlers . 
Happy dance . 
HAHAHA , SHAKIRA'S COVER OF \ISLANDS . \ " MY EARS ARE BLEEDING . " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I are trying to learn how to Charleston dance ... 
REALITY IS NO LONGER VALID ... just take a guess at what movie I watched ... 
Watching Lord of The Rings with Michaella Vu y < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . This movie is 179 minutes -it is going to be a long night . 
Ride the chillwave . 
Don't sleep . 
Just woke up . This is greatly looked down upon . No ... just no . 
Fifty dollars+ in change . I am going to pay for things like I am dead-broke (: 
Going to do yoga and sleep ( relatively ) early . 
Do you know what it needs ? 
INTO YR MIND 
I think I looked at the line-up for the FYF Festival and cried a little bit . 
Going to survive on hummus and pita chips . 
( whining and complaining about homework post ) 
Thank goodness for Friday y long weekends . 
I love being sick :| 
Making pointless post because I feel like haven't done so in a while ... I had a fun night/mornin ' :) 
Still writing character analysis , even though it is the inevitable that I receive a 1 from Pollock . 
Oh , the nightlife -a . k . a . English Literature essay . 
I'm not experiencing any of this rain you're all talking about ... 
Mi pelo es verde . 
yoga all night 
Productivity starts at two in the mornin ' . 
THUMBS UP FOR FRIDAY ! 
Sitting here in Michaella Vu's room , while she , Aria < PROPFEMALE > Reeder , and < PROPFEMALE > Limon sleep . Precious ;) 
I hope everyone has fun at Homecoming ( < PROPFEMALE > Torres , < PROPFEMALE > Arriaga , Bradkyn Rodriguez , Fernamara ) c ; 
This overcast is so fab . 
Eye appointment 8-) 
This weather is making me giddy as a school girl . 
27/28 on Statistics test . Hnnnnnnnng . I need to celebrate this . 
Went Halloween costume shopping con mi madre y GOT CHIPOTLE ! 
Why am I awake so early on a Sunday ? 
Thank you Michaella Vu and American Apparel , for this awkwardly shaped t-shirt . 
Antigone , you slay me . 
Just took < PROPFEMALE > Payne's headshots . Naptime ! 
I decided to dutifully poke everyone back . 
Awake way too early for my own personal preference ... 
Poetry imagery analysis . Hell yeah ! Makes my morning ... 
Trying to do my < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland essay early ( that means get on word and write my header , stare vacantly , get on here ) . What is initiative ? 
Swept out to sea , floating in the brine . 
Photo-bombing time . 
One test , one project , three quizzes -hit me Thursday ! 
Coma for fourteen hours . 
\lol\ " at people stressing over college " 
It looks , to me , like we have just circled around the sun once more . 
Cold ' n restless 
Thank you , facebook world , for the happy birthdays :) 
Movies at Mi-kooks :) 
COACHILLA , chillllllllllllllwave : E 
Facebook is not letting me upload this cat photo :( 
Alright . I'm about to get my Wurthing Heights on . 
Mandatory procrastinating Pollock essay post . 
Everyone go to Michaella's potluck -it's super fun ! :) 
Damn you , FAFSA . 
Went monkey-hunting with Michaella Vu and < PROPFIRST > Delgado . 
Easy essay -I'll start in a couple of hours ... 
