Mcdonald's , I'm lovin it ! 

is happy to talk to some old friends 
Anyone that wants to txt me . My number is 208-830-3175 :) 
wants to get fat from eating turkey so i can wrestle my coach and win by laying down on him 
so , i guess i chipped my fibula by rolin my ankle playin baseball in my P.E. class inside 
Has a boot on right now for my ankle so i cant move it and hurt it even worse 
Wants to be with my girlfriend 
is excited !!!!!!!!!! 
Doesnt want to go back to school :( 
Rate me , i wanna see what you think about me 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
I love myself ... But , Mostly my sis in law < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to party 
okay , what would you choose . Google or Yahoo ? 
Taking a hockey stick does not feel good ?!?!?! I do not advice people to do this . 
having the time of my life ! 
Had fun at prom , looked great . so did everyone else . cant wait for senior year to be here 
\The only difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has it's limits\ " \ 
New pics , you must look at them ! 
i just wanna say happy birthday to my mom ... wow is she starting to get old :p 
when actually comparing to lyrics of all different genres . i have found that heavy metal and screamo seem to have the deepest lyrics of all . 
had an amazing day . 
Don't wanna go back to work 
Love everyone of my freinds and family . thanks for the posts 
There is nothing better than being single and seventeen ... except being 21 and single 
Had an awesome birthday :) 
Cant wait to get to the Oregon Coast !!!!!!!! Gonna catch some crabs 
Most bad ASS remake ever . \ 
its Right Now by Akon\ 
Asking < PROPFEMALE > re-did it 
if any one wants to buy my beloved jeep that i am so sad to sell . plz tell me . i need money 
i feel really skinny . I found out that i weigh less than 130 lbs , and have only 9.3% body fat 
So I got a new haircut and was wondering if anyone would think that I should get a mo-hawk . any one wanna give me there insite plz 
Woohoo . I'm off to my meps testing :) 
Well now I'm not signing the dotted line till Wednesday . forgot my freaking S.S.C. :( 
I hate all the drama that is going on . I wish it would stop cuz it's stressing my gf out like crazy . I love you babe . Your amazing 
Getting ready for drill this weekend . Gonna miss the SuperBowl :( GO PACKERS . 
My name is Cord , and I like to wear women's clothes . \ 
- P.S. I technically didn't hack into his account , he said I could . Cord you know who this is ;) keep it a secret ! 
