just said goodbye to her best friend till December . :( 

So much stress and so many negatives to end the year , but one amazing positive anniversary to ring in the new one . Thank You for being so gracious ! 
I jumped on a smurf in line at the bank because that's how I roll . ;) 
I'M A COUSIN ! AGAIN ! < PROPFIRST > was born around 6 this morning ! Mom and baby are great ! 
I love you so much girls ! Thanks for the prayers ! 
Poor paper . If only you didn't have to be written by me :( 
\Does it count as being lost if you never left the place at which you were to start ? \"" 
So I just taught my dad how to use Facebook . HAHAHA ! Need I say more ? 
I forgot how amazingly small newborns are ! I already love my new cousin < PROPFIRST > . 
\Who gets to decide what's considered beautiful ? \ " That's a really good question . Any thoughts ? " 
Maybe it's better asked this way . \Who in our society gets to dictate the standard of beauty and why do we let them ? \"" 
I know I've been at work too long when the stress of it all makes me LAUGH so hard I start to cry !!!! 
You can not understand me by reading the words on a < PROPFEMALE > . Nor can you discern who I am by the perceptions of those with fallible expectations . You may never know me , unless you peer through the eyes of the One I love . 
8 days , 3 more exams ! Almost there ! 
DONE !!!!!!! ..... for two weeks . 
I look like a mess . I feel like a mess . But I'm almost half way through painting ! No paint in my hair yet ! 
It's summer ! ... and I still can't keep up with everything . 
Finally ! Something in the sports world I might actually keep up with ! 
It feels good to laugh ! 
Sometimes I wish it was possible to discard the bad days , but I suppose in discarding the bad days , I would discard my ability to learn from them as well . \ 
:( 
Still got a couple of laughs in me despite ... or maybe because of the night . \ 
:) 
( sigh ) I'm being laughed at ... again . 
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall , \ 
\ 
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall . \ 
All the < PROPMALE>'s horses and all the < PROPMALE>'s men\ 
Couldn't put Humpty together again . 
Really starting to feel better . Thank you for all the prayers and well wishes ! 
Is wisdom a quality that attracts you to someone ? \ 
What makes the wise people in your life wise ? \ 
or How do you identify a wise person ? 
HAHAHA ! I could easily bring back some memories and embarrass about five or six people , including myself . Today I found pics from 11 years ago ! AWWW , fifth grade friends ! 
I am so tired , but thankful for the strength I've been given today . I'm thankful for the generosity my parents posses and all the sacrifices they've made for me recently . I'm thankful for my family , both the biological and the one created through friendship . I am thankful , for friends I love unconditionally , respect greatly , and admire deeply . Thank you 
Just got home from a long night at the OG . Oh so many things to say about close .... 
