had an awesome adventure driving down the coast on a beatiful day stopping at various beaches ( Half < PROPFEMALE > Bay , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Monterey , Big Sur ) and other sites along the way . Pictures are already up in the album California Coast ! 

is tired , just spent the last three hours for meet the parents program for my high school intern that starts next week . It will be good and challenging for both my intern ( she is really quite ) and I and I may ( will ) be calling my sis for pointers . 
To all that went to the lake hope you all had a great time , hopefully someone will post pics !!! I was busy planning a long long weekend in San < PROPMALE > in July 
is glad this fun filled day ( not ) of wearing hospital gowns and being a pin cushion for the hospital vampires is done !! Two MRI's and two doctors visits ( neurosurgeon & neuroendocrinologist ) all in one day . All previous sports related restrictions are lif 
uggg , on conference calls already , what a way to start the day ... 
Ok a short update , I met with the surgeon today and I do need surgery to remove the gallbladder . I don't know if I will be able to do it outpatient or if I will need to do it inpatient . I I have a consult with the anesthesiologist and the neurosurgeon on 
no real update , surgery still scheduled for the 28th , Mom is flying out to help me get back and forth to the hospital . Thank you Mom ! Oh and have lost 27lbs so far on this medical diet , no fatty , fried or oily foods , no red meat , no cheeses or any dairy with fat ( fat free milk okay in small quantities ) , almost no sugar allowed ( also in very small quantities ) and no alcohol ( contains sugar and hard to digest ) 
is back in the job market actively looking , working on updating my resume on Monster right now . 
has three possible jobs in the works will have to make some big decisions soon . 
is down to two jobs one fell through 
has a new contract at least through the end of the year , start tomorrow . 
is wide awake after spending part of the day at the < PROPMALE > ER today . When they discharged me after surgery they forgot to give me the script for pain management . So I had some Vicodin at home until I could get back today to get some Percoset . Doing much better now . Oh an < PROPFIRST > was in town yesterday and stopped by at the apartment for a visit and that was awesome too . 
is very thankful that Mom came out , Thank You Mom , couldn't have done it without you . Have a good vacation in Vancouver !!! 
Spent yesterday sailboating on the bay and today headed to Point < PROPMALE > for some light hiking and a picnic with friends ! 
spent yesterday enjoying Haight & Ashbury ( intersting part of the city ) & today will Dim Sum with < PROPFIRST > and then house cleaning ( yuck ) 
had a great post surgery checkup yesterday , have lost 45 lbs now and still going , had a great blood pressure yesterday of 113/75 . The surgeon was very happy with everything and no more follow-up visits needed . Also loving the new job , all in all things are great . 
is really behind on facebook , last week found out about new budget cuts at work on Tuesday afternoon and was told I was the budget cut effective end of day Thursday ! Managed to pull another hat trick and found work by Wednesday afternoon at another Novartis location in California but a much longer drive , 45 < PROPFEMALE > on a good day with light traffic . 
Way behind on my updates but after working 21 days in row was glad to have the weekend off , was a total vegatable and did nothing . Oh wait had to buy more clothes because I lost more weight but other then that nothing ( down to 200lbs , 55 lbs lost ) . I'm not trying to lose it's just happening slowly which is cool . 
Happy New Year Everyone !!! This DD ( Designated Driver ) with his duties done and charges safely back at their homes is going to bed . 
is leaving from North < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning to drive home to Mom & Dad's in Cincinnati , Ohio for a long weekend ! Any old high school mates who want to get together for a beer or two let me know ! 
Hi All , Thank You for all the birthday wishes , it meant a lot and I even heard from some old classmates . To answer one classmates questions , yea TJ it is the BIG 4 0 ! 
Well last week they offered me a new job in North < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday , on Thursday they rescinded the offer and had me come back to California on Friday . Today I recieved a call from management saying there isn't funding for my position in 2010 and they will get back to me later this week on what that means ??? So I am officially back in the job market as of now and looking for anything on the west coast . 
is packing up the apartment and throwing out 50% to 75% of all the crap . Looked at storage units today and need to fit everything into a 5x10 or 7x10 . 
is trying to stay positive but having a hard time . Amazed that in less then 7 days went from being offered a job to being a budget cut . 
is behind on updates but have had a lot on my mind . This last Wednesday in the late afternoon the contract ( Novartis ) that I have been working at for 8 1/2 years cut me due to budget reductions . Still with CompuCom but that will be most likely ending this week unless they can find me another contract < sigh > . Gearing up for the job search ... 
has had an interesting day , spoke with HR earlier and it looks like I might be getting a severance package from CompuCom that would give me some breathing room . A few minutes ago received a call from a recruiter about a possible project managment opportunity in South San < PROPFIRST > at a biotech company . 
received a call from the recruiter I have been working with for the BioTech in South San < PROPFIRST > . The job is for project coordinator familar with the Pharmaceutical industry and is a 12+ month contract . Should know more next week , I have my fingers crossed . 
just recieved a call from a different recruiter on a different job board and now have a 2nd good lead in the works as a Help Desk Manager / Systems Administrator for Lotus Notes . The job is in the healthcare field and is a 90 day temp to perm that pays more then the BioTech . It may also be much closer to home . We will see what happens ... 
I don't normally repost but my Uncle has a great quote on his wall . \The most terrifying words in the English language are : I'm from the government and I'm here to help . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
is ready to go to Vancouver this weekend , will be in Seattle Saturday and in North Vancouver on Sunday !!! 
Happy Easter everyone !!! 
Way behind on updates , okay months behind . Short synopsis , left Canada early to come back to start a job that fell through at the last possible moment . Did a short trip to < PROPFIRST > Tree National Park with a very good friend . Moving to a new apartment in a couple of weeks . Starting college this fall for Asian-American studies . Currently , busy packing the apartment , completing college paperwork & orientations . 
Finally some warm weather in San < PROPFIRST > we just reached 70 and this weekend it may be up to 80 !!! May be a little warm to do the move to the new apartment , but I will take the warmth ! 
Finally done with moving , now on to unpacking boxes and figuring out what goes where 
Excellent news from the neuroendocrinologist today , after 7 years the brain tumor is finally stable enough to look at surgical removal . Have a neurosurgical consult at the end of August at < PROPMALE > , will probably have additional consults at UCSF in San < PROPFIRST > & St. Johns Medical Center in LA . They are both pioneering some new techniques which are very promising . I’m very happy and excited for the future ! 
Thank you all for the support I am very blessed to have you as friends and family . 
Had good Thai before seeing Fantasticks , the play was well acted and the singing was excellent . Just getting home and getting ready to turn in after a bit ... 
The lady at the desk in FedEx did not look happy when I walked through the door a few minutes ago ( 10pm ) . I'll be out by 11pm ( I promise < PROPFEMALE > ) ... well maybe ... 
Bag is packed , car is loaded and I'm ready to leave for Salt Lake City in the morning ! 
In Salt Lake City , cleaned up and heading out for food , fun and party if I can find it . Or maybe I will just have a party at the hotel room later ... 
is leaving Salt Lake City enroute to Vail for a few days of vacation . On the recommendation of my Uncle I will be driving down Rt 6 which is more scenic :) 
is on vacation !!! 
arrived in Las Vegas for the night , cleaned up and am heading out to get a bite before heading to the clubs for most of the night . Tomorrow may be a long drive to LA with very little sleep . 
is up and getting and getting ready , four hours of sleep is not bad for Vegas 
It's 9am in Vegas & already 93 degrees 
is at the Asian < PROPMALE > Museum for an exhibition on Shanghai . 
is at < PROPMALE > hospital getting my medical records & MRI films . Getting ready for other neurosurgery consults . Have my consult with < PROPMALE > on Monday morning ! 
just had a scare by the Dr's office , they just called at 6:30 pm . I'm thinking what’s wrong since they are calling on the same day I had the blood drawn & after office hours . So they called to tell me that the blood work came back as stabilized , I’m to continue on current medication with no additional changes until I have surgery . So some more good news since I was moderately concerned about this set of lab work . 
Interesting day at the neurosurgeon's , they're not sure if there is a tumor to do surgery on . They are proposing that I stop my tumor medications and see if the tumor regrows . If it regrows then I would be a candidate for surgery . Down side is those that were around me 7 years ago remember what I went through when I was diagnosed , I may have to go through that again . I still have to gather more information ... 
started college last night , they canceled the Unix class for the semester that I needed . Was able to get into the Asian-American history class but it's first class was last night so I am already one class behind . 
is in an 8 hour lecture class today . 
is working on homework all weekend 
it's a learning experience walking into Asian-American history class & having 40 people watch you as you walk in & sit down . I'm one of 5 white guys among 40 Asians . 
is spending the long weekend studying , doing homework and trying to get some early work done on my term papers . With a daily dose of the gym thrown in to break up the day and lower the stress from studying . 
is leaving in the morning to drive to Vegas to join the rest of the Clampett err < PROPFEMALE > clan . 
is in Las Vegas having a drink & relaxing 
was in Las Vegas this morning . After 10 hours of driving I got to class 15 minutes early . Now I'm trying to survive 3 hours of lecture , only 1 hour to go ! 
interesting day at the doctors today , fired all my doctors from < PROPMALE > and switched my medical care and treatment to UCSF . Had many tubes of blood drawn today since they are running a complete workup to start with new data for a new treatment plan . More updates to come after test results start to come in ... 
is sometimes still amazed at how much weight I have lost . I was just remeasured for dress shirts and I have lost 2 inches off my neck since October of last year . Boy was I chubby before ... 
just finished interview #4 and am moving into the final round . I have the fifth and final interview next week with a prominent financial institution with home offices in California for a position in the IT department . 
is trying to stay dry & warm , it's scattered rain and 48 degrees outside . Time to break out the parka , jk about the parka , lol 
it's double cocktail hour , I just found out I did not get the job . The feedback I got was that there was no negatives from the interview . They agreed I was the better qualified stronger candidate but it came down to who had financial industry experience , which I don't have any . 
as of 10pm yesterday ( Friday ) I turned in my last paper and am done with this semester ! Time to relax for a month before the next semester begins . 
Hope everyone had a safe and very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I'm headed out to the Asian < PROPMALE > Museum today to see Kitaro in concert ! 
had a great follow-up visit with my neurology doctors at UCSF Brain Tumor Center today . The best gift I could have gotten for the new year , I have already received . For the first time in six years I feel my medical treatment is going in the right direction with a great team of doctors . More details to come soon ... 
1st Update : For the last 6 years the Dr's have been randomly looking for 2 additional brain tumors ( which every time they start I am on pins & needles for months ) . Since switching to UCSF they did all the proper tests to reach a final conclusion . They have conclusively ruled out the other 2 tumors . I just have 1 benign brain tumor , now we are designing a new very aggressive treatment plan . 
WOW , just got off the phone with the recruiter and I have a JOB starting Mon , < PROPFIRST > 10th , in downtown San < PROPFIRST > at a leading banking institution in the area ! ! ! 
Passed the FBI background check and I have a confirmed start date of Monday , < PROPFIRST > 10th at 8am at the new job in downtown SF ! 
umm , the start date on the job is pushed back by 1 week while they do a financial review of the department staffing :( More to come as I know more ... 
it's finally confirmed I start work in the morning ( Tuesday ) at 9am in downtown SF , financial district ! I'm taking the ferry over to the city and have a short 3 block walk to the building I will be working in . Oh and there is a Starbucks in the lobby of the building , caffeine is good ! 
Last week was a good & tiring first week at work . I might have gotten a little too used to the college life style of getting up at 10am , trying to get back into the swing of things now . Spent the weekend relaxing and recharging , this week starts school . I have an 8am class twice a week before I go to the office ( Asian Hx ) , a class from 6pm to 10pm ( financial acct ) & a class on Sat , 9am to 2pm ( ServSafe ) . 
