YYLC is officially amazing :) It tired me out though . that and drving forever . O well :) I'm content and at home . What more can one ask for ? 

I FREAKING MISS CAMP ! I want ya'll back . Or you can come to colorado :) I wouldn't mind that at all :) 
I miss camp . O well . Maybe i can go next year :) That would make me quite happy :) 
Hey i need to call out a favor . If ya'll can pray that my little sister can come home soon that would be awesome . My family needs a little heavenly help . Thanks . It means more to me than you know 
Muhahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahhhhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahah I'm so hyper it's not even funny :) :) ::) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) as yo9u can tell :P Hence the smiley faces and mor than necessarily long muhaha :) 
You can tell someone is a hard worker by the intensity of their farmer's tan :) 
I worked over twenty two hours in thirty six hours ! Now i'm tired and officially ready to sleep . night ya'll sleep good :) 
An awesome acronym for hope . H old O n . P icture E ternity . Pretty good huh ? < PROPFIRST > hart gave me that and it hit me pretty hard . What do ya'll think ? 
Life is amazing ! But it's only as good as you want it to be . SO don't hold back . Go out there and do it ! And don't forget to have fun ! :) 
God is amazing . I'm not gonna lie :) 
i have decided that turning nineteen is officially overlooked . what about turning nineteen is wo much less exciting than turning eighteen ? or sixteen ? ore ever twenty ? i like being nineteen :) its pretty crackalackin :) like me ! 
so the guy i learned from said that viennese waltzing was addicting and i was like whatever . i hate how he was right . i really want to be dancing right now :) 
True joy comes only after the trial of your faith . For the first time ever , not yesterday , but the sunday before that , i cried because i was so happy :) For the first time in my life things are looking up . Every day i thank God for the blessings He gives me that i don't deserve . I had the opportunity to go to the Reflections of Christ exhibit . Talk about life changing . 
I don't know why God blesses me as much as He does . I'm just going to continue being me and charge forward in life . Give God your life and He'll make of it something you've never dreamed . I'm finding this out . And FINALLY I'm totally , completely , and wonderfully happy :) Oh and ps .... I'll probably be out on my mission in six months :) 
I started on my mission papers on Thursday :) I can turn them in on the fifteenth of april :) i can't wait for that . Then about two seeks after that i'll have my call i hope :) 
Officially excited for my mission :) Can't wait to turn in my papers :) 
Not super digging the whole shot thing . I got my heps a and b in one arm and my tetanus in the other . BUt it's totally worth it ! 
Ok . So my right arm is just fine . But my left arm , where i got the tetanus , is killing me ! Darn thing . :) Oh well :) what can you do ? Just smile and wave . Smile and wave :) Mission prep is going well . can't wait to leave :) o and i was on the news . krex/channel 5 :) CHeck it out :) 
My arm is better :) Well mostly :) But it'll be totally better soon :) Looking forward to going to hanging lake tomorrow :) Can't wait to get up in the mountains and figuratively closer to God . Isn't God amazing ? He is the oinly one that has the ability to make me totally and completely happy :) I love Him :) 
Kinda lonely :( But still very happy :) Knowing God has a plan for me really helps me in some of the harder times . I hate when really good friends move away . It's stupid . But o well :) I knew it was coming :) God is in control ! Thank Heavens 
IF love days that are full :) Unless they're too full . But even then you feel accomplished at the end of them . I love making progress . It makes me feel good :) 
Stupid sickness ! Go a-freaking-way ! Every time i get sick i realize how wonderful it is to be healthy almost all of the time . I thank God for a healthy and responsive body :) I have a lot of things to be grateful for :) 
You know how you have the picture in your mind of that perfect someone ? And you get discouraged cuz you haven't found them ? Don't settle for less . Become the person you'd loke to marry . God will take care of the rest . Put everything in His hands . He's the only one that accomplish anything for you . So let Him ! 
** Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > . If you miss you'll still hit the stars ** 
I've decided that worry is self-imposed . And think about this ... Worry is faith in the wrong direction . Focus on the good and you'll find it . Focus on the bad and you'll find it . Have faith God will direct your life . Give Him time and space to work and He'll work so many amazing miracles you'll ask yourself asking why he blesses you so much 
So i decided that snow in almost May isn't ok . Neither is thirty five degrees ! Oh well :) WHat are you gonna do ? I love snow :) Just not when it sticks :) Look around at the beauty . How can one not believe in GOd ? Everything everywhere proves his existence :) 
Hehe :) My brother is a married spud :) I love you Syd :) 
So all i have left for my papers are the financial details and filling out some more insurance stuff :) Then MY PAPERS WILL GO IN !!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOHOOOOOO !!!! ( If you cant ' tell , i'm super excited :)) 
So i think that working at two thirty in the morning is a little early . WOulda been better if i hadnt needed to work both jobs . I'm excited to work though . Even if it's not fun . Every hour gets me closer to my mission :) Getting closer on my papers :) 
Enjoy the little things in life ... For one day you will look back and realize they were the big things ! 
I hate how during the day , i think of some awesome things to put on my wall or my status , but throughout the course of the day i forget every single one of them . And they're all pretty good too ! Darn ! O ! I had sushi for dinner from Zen Garden8 ) I love it soooooooo much :) and then some :) I decided life is amazing . But even better when topped off with sushi :) delicioso ! 
So i think that we all need to be grateful for all God has given us . First of all we live in the USA . That alone is a bigger blessing than any of us can imagine . Thank God for everything . He truly does more for us than we know . \Count your many blessings . \"" 
MY PAPERS ARE DONE !!!!!!!!!! WHOOOHOOOOOO ! I CAN\T WAIT ! Tonight i'll take the medical and dental evaluations to my bishop :) It's finally happening :) Hehe :) I actually feel super giddy :) :) :) :) :) :) :D :P " 
I hate how the world degrades women in the way it does . They are to be respected and cared for . Not to be abused or forgotten . They have feelings and are to be treated as people . NOT OBJECTS ! They are to be treated as the daughters of God that they are ! 
Papers officially done and in to Bishop Jones :) Soon will follow the interview with Pres . Summers . ANd then .... We all know what happens :) Hehe :) I can't wait :) Teaching up some lessons with the missionaries too ! I'm just a multitasker ! BAM ! :) 
So getting up before five , playing over an hour of racquetball , then going to work for over seven and a half hours , getting food , and then working for six more hours is totally overrated . I don't really reccommend it :) Unless your name is Christian and you're trying to put money away for your upcoming , super exciting mission :) I'm tired but absolutely loving every minute of it ! 
So i think that people that go into relationships without thinking of the consequences are stupid . That relationship can totally either make someone's life or break their entire life . Be selfless . Put others before yourself . If God is first in your life that won't be a problem . THink before you act . Be responsible . And give your heart to those that deserve it ! But give it to God first . 
So tomorrow on the twenty third day of may at 4:30 in the two thousand and tenth year of our Lord , i have my missionary interview with President Summers :) Then my papers go to Salt Lake :) I've never ever felt better 
So i had my interview with President Summers yesterday . I am worthy and willing to serve a two year mission for my Lord and Savior ! To bring others happiness and peace in a world of confusion and chaos . My papers will be sent to Salt Lake either today or tomorrow . In two weeks i'll know when and where I'm going ! :) 
So my mother got a call from my stake president today ... saying that my papers were sent to Salt lake on Monday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hehe :) I can't wait ! Maybe I'll know when and where i'm going by next Friday ! I've never felt better :) Each day is better than the following day ! And i thank God for it ! 
My bishop called me last night about six thirty or seven and told me i had already been assigned to an area and that my mission papers are in the mail HEADED TOWARDS ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I kinda lost all sanity then :) I was jumping around whooping and hollering :) It's funny cuz i thought i had been excited before but this totally puts excitement to a whole new level :) 
Elder Heaton . I think that sounds great ! What do ya'll think ? 
Have you ever known that inside an envelope will determiine the course of the next two years of your life but you can't open it til three pm ? Well that's kinda how i feel :) My call is sitting on my desk . I'm waiting for my padre to get home at three til i open it :) 
\Dear Elder Heaton 
Every time i read that letter i get the chills :) SOmething just tells me that that's where i'm supposed to be and that i will call Brazil home before i leave ! 
I love being up in the morning and taking an early drive to go get some cold cereal you've been craving :) I love feeling the cool breeze all around me :) God's amazing ! 
SO i'm not digging the whole recovery process . I'm still recovering from my sickness last weekend . No early morning racquetball or workout . I feel ugh . But then again i feel great spiritually ! And in the end , that's all that really matters ! 
SO i think being overly tired and exhausted is entirely overrated . I officially think that sleep is good BUT ... there are so many darn things i could be doing besides sleeping ! Hehe :) I'm crazy ! Sometimes i feel like the mad hatter :) But i just have so many things to do it's ridiculous ! O well :) Maybe i'll go to bed now and sleeep :) or maybe not :) 
SO working at a gym has it's advantages . I get to work out for free and play all the racquetball i want :) I'm very very tired . That seems to be the story of my life nowadays . And i'm only nineteen :) o well :) Here goes nothing :-) 
PIZZA ! I've been craving it since i got home :) Happiness and content are only fifteen minutes away :) Then i get to sleep ! Whoohoo :) 
Tired . Tired . Tired . Throat hurting . Tired . Tired . :) DId i mention that i'm tired ? Almost too much work this week . I mean it's good but it's not good too . I have no quiet me time . And i love quiet me time :) And on my day off tomorrow i have so many things to do it's not even funny ! o well :) such is life :) I love it ! 
Sickness is totally overrated . I've been out of work for four days . The first day it was a head cold with lots of pressure . Same the second day . The third day it moved down to my chest and i coughed my guts out . and today i have the cough and my asthma is acting up . So i can't breathe to cough ! I'm sick of being sick ! 
I am really going to miss YYLC this year ! I love ya'll and hope to see you soon . Thank you for the difference you have made in my life . Love ya'll! God bless ! 
There's nothing better than homemade burgers and buns followed by homemade ice cream :) i havent been this full in a while . But i'm loving it :) 
The only thing you should really question in life is how much your life and the decisions that you make help create a positive difference in the lives around you 
My heart misses YYLC . SOrry i couldn't make it ya'll . I want to see tons and tons of pictures ! Love ya'll! 
' Stand for whats right . Even if you stand alone . ' 
I love my little sister so much ! :) So glad she is loving and kind and ...... no comment .... ha ha :) \ 
\ 
Love Little sister\ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
So i love the rain ! After having a full month of heat and sun , this past week has been great ! I love the smell of rain . The lightning is the best visual and the thunder lets you know you're alive and well . I love it ! 
So i decided that going to bed at midnight and then waking up at 4:30 is entirely overrated . Just sayin ' 
So i decided that im not super stoked r4ight now . I got to work on time to unload the truck . An hour and 15 minutes later he calls and says he will be there at 830 . So i was up up at 5 instead of 7 . Ridiculous . Its funny the crazy things we do for money 
Working three of my four jobs today and before the working at the gym i will take a dip in the pool :) Just doesnt get any better than this :) Unless you dont even have to work :) but thats beside the point8 ) 
Totally dominated at racquetball today ! Won three games in a row ! No competition ! Boo ya ! :) 
Darn rain ! I got soaked in drive through at work today . Then my car had to make it through a puddle deeper than half my car ! 
So i kinda had one of those moments when i just realized that i will be leaving in 8 weeks . 8 more happy fun nights . 8 More Saturdays . 8 more Sundays . 8 more . Then no more at home for 104 weeks :) I can't wait !!!!! 
So i kinda had one of those moments when i just realized that i will be \ 
leaving in 8 weeks . 8 more happy fun nights . 8 More Saturdays . 8 more \ 
Sundays . 8 more . Then no more at home for 104 weeks :) I can't wait !!!!! 
So i think that everything in life is based on the decision whether or not to do something . But not deciding is also a decision . Make your decisions good ones cuz they fabricate your life 
I think that working crazy stupid hours is ridiculous ! Just sayin ! ANd what's even more ridiculous is that i don't have a time that i usually sleep . Like tomorrow , idk when i'm going to sleep . I work 10p-6a and then unload the truck at Chick-Fil-A at 8 . That will last til ten or ten thirty . Then i have a dentist appt at 11 . Then i'm going to help my little brother mow lawns . Anybody want to sleep for me ? :) 
' i constantly walk into a room and i dont remember why . But for some reason , i think theres going to be a clue in the fridge . ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Ya'll from junction need to hear this . I have lived in Fruita for almost 14 years and have not been to Fruita Fall Festival once . I can't really decide if that's a good thing or not . WHat do ya'll think ? I'm open to advice :) That doesn't mean i will go :) But you know ... 8D 
2 random facts : 1- Tomorrow at 8am is my last shift at Chick-Fil-A . 2- I took the little bmi doohickey and figured out i am only 4% body fat :) 3- Its late but i work til 6am :) 
Stop trying to please everyone else cuz there are too many people . Try pleasing yourself . ' I dont do anything to embarass me , my team , or my family . ' ' < PROPFEMALE > kaha ' 
So my missionary farewells ( yes there are 2 ) are this Sunday the 17th at the institute building across from mesa state college at 10 am and at the LDS redlands building at 11 am . Everyone is invited . Whoever can come should ! 
It's kinda weird thinking about leaving . At this time next week i will be in the Salt Lake valley and i will not be returning for two years . I have a bazillion things to do and they all need to be done . Again i will allow someone to else to sleep for me :) 
' Without dreams , goals , and passion , life has no meaning . ' Christian Heaton . If you have no purpose in life get one . Help other people and you'll find your problems will resolve themselves . 
So i read this thing and it's awesome . It says and i quote , \SOmetimes the person who seems the strongest is the one in the most need of a hug . \ " I like it . It's so true " 
So this might be it Facebook . I might not use you for two more years . Such sweet parting . It's a little sour too . But i'm freaking excited ! Brazil here i come ! 
Reported to the MTC on October 20th , 1:22 pm . I am called to serve . 
Hey y'all! If any of you would like to write me my address is 3487 S . 1300 E . Salt Lake City UT 84106 . I am doing great and things are going wonderful ! Take care ! 
