People who talk to animals are not crazy , though those who have animals talk to them usually are . 

I’ve been a watching Russian soap opera , why won’t Oleg tell Ilyanna that he’s been in love with her and has been for years now . Instead he is indecisive and allows Konstantin to peruse Ilyanna for his own lustful designs . 
Coffee !!! 
Mr. Rogers was the ultimate Kung Fu , sword fighting warrior of all times . 
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it . For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it . For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it . 
And the Lord did grin . And the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths , and carp and anchovies , and orangutans and breakfast cereals , and fruit-bats and large < PROPFEMALE > ... 
That's a good question ... 
Never enough money ... Why ? 
Yay , my stocks are going back up ! 
I intend to live forever ... so far , so good . 
I think Grey Goose is the best vodka for its price ... maybe it is a bit expensive 
The answer is really quite simple . Incompetence . Incompetence at the highest echelons of power . We put our trust , our faith , in halfwits . Our intrepid leaders had everything they wanted ; power , wealth , prestige . It made them lazy < PROPFEMALE > . Oh yes , and laziness breeds stupidity . Rest assured , I will not make the mistakes ... 
Golly gee today was just swell ... yeah swell 
Stand and deliver , the money or your life . 
He who controls the past controls the future : he who controls the present controls the past . 
war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength-1984 
Propaganda is to a democracy what the bludgeon is to a totalitarian state 
Through clever and constant application of propaganda , people can be made to see paradise as hell , and also the other way round , to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise 
Help ! Help ! I'm being repressed ! 
Evil is afoot 
My fellow < PROPFEMALE > ns it is high time you looked to the future , what will that future be , one of poverty and crime or perhaps decadent in decay ? NO ! Put your trust in me < PROPFEMALE > for a better tomorrow ! 
I love me , so should you . 
All my loving I will send to you . All my loving , darling I'll be true . 
Yes , a mighty , mighty man , I’m young and I’m in my prime 
Whoa , whoa , I never realized what a kiss could be , This could only happen to me . 
I'm way too hot for my chinchilla , so to fix that problem I don't have one . 
They say fashion repeats just like history , so when are the 1750’s going to come back ? I think I look pretty sexy in the garb , I tell you knee breaches are in , long socks , O’ yeah sexy and you can’t go wrong with the vest and coat combo’s of the time . 
Vote Disco Party !! 
I've got everything that you want , like a heart that is oh , so true . Just call on me and I'll send it along with love from me to you 
Ooh i need your love babe , Guess you know it's true . Hope you need my love babe , Just like i need you . 
Nothing is true , Everything is permitted . 
Who needs sleep ? 
Oh yeah , I´ll tell you something . I think you´ll understand , When I say that something I wanna hold your hand . 
The best things happen while you're dancing , Things you would not do at home come naturally on the floor . For dancing soon becomes romancing , when you hold a girl in your arms that you may have never held before . 
If I fell in love with you , would you promise to be true and help me understand ' cause I've been in love before and I found that love was more than just holding hands . 
Love you ev'ry day girl , always on my mind . One thing i can say girl , love you all the time . Ain't got nothin'but love babe , Eight days a week . 
Tomorrow is the perfect day to < PROPMALE > a repressive and despotic government’s uniform and march around the college , I’m sure to make some new friends . 
I've got rhythm , in my feet !!! 
Who's the little what's-it , That you're dreaming of , Who's your little who-zis , Who do you love ? 
I need another dog two is not enough , I think three or four would be better . 
Life would be better as a musical , everybody would sing out the problems and desires . Yep , if life where a musical it would be positive 98% of the time . Most musicals seem to end happily . 
Never Enough shoe polish ... 
Pride of the working class !! 
The < PROPMALE > of leadership ... consists in consolidating the attention of the people against a single adversary and taking care that nothing will split up that attention . 
Where have all the flowers gone ? 
We starve , look at one another , short of breath Walking proudly in our winter coats Wearing smells from laboratories Facing a dying nation of moving paper fantasy Listening for the new told lies With supreme visions of lonely tunes 
You think killing people might make them like you , but it doesn't . It just makes people dead . 
Love is a losing game , Love can ashame , I know of a fool you see for that fool is me . 
It was a long hot night , she made it easy , she made it feel right . But ; now it's over the moment has gone , I followed my hands not my head , I knew I was wrong . 
Umbrella Corporation ; Our Business is Life Itself . 
Umbrella Chemical , Inc . \Preserving the health of the people \"." 
It's time to go kill some zombies , save the girl , blow up some secret lab and escape in time for dinner . 
Mission Failed ... bum bum bum . 
In video games and movies they often make the female protagonist “attractive” , based on the modern ideology of thin with an average muscular build . Yet they seem to be just as effective as the male protagonist who is obviously more muscularly built and has more combat conductive equipment . It seems that female leads have a tendency dress in a slight more provocative way maybe that throws of the bad guy aim ? 
Lets do this like Buddhists !! 
Terracotta Pie !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > was best friends with < PROPFEMALE > Peppermint , She would love to do things to that girl that < PROPFIRST > M . Schulz can’t print . 
Time to kill some zombies !!! 
Preparing to cleanse the college of zombie infestation , break in will be at 800 hours . < PROPMALE > of Success 78% barely a challenge . 
College entered Central Duplication cleared , HQ established . 
Vodka solves the most complex problems 
It's a bit late but , I thank all of you for the birthday wishes . 
I can't believe I'm actually listening to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Found a 18 year old bottle of scotch ... 
Do you believe in life after love ? 
??? Co ??????? ???? ???????? ???? ???, ??? ???????? ??????? ?? ???????. ???? ?????? ?????????, ??? ?????? ????? ? ????????? ??????? ?? ?????. 
Our brotherhood's a good life , Our generosity is without compare . All those with us are strong , All those against us , beware 
Guy Fawkes Day , Yay !!! 
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it , I'm about to lose control and I think I like it . 
The best war film set ever is grozovye vorota . 
Why ? 
I challenge you to a Pokémon duel Go Abra !! 
I think my new political idol is < PROPFIRST > Peron . 
I'm lost in time 
It does not take great intellect to be a politician only an idea and someone willing to pursue it . 
A war is coming , I've seen it in my dreams . Fires sweeping over the Earth , bodies in the streets , cities turned to dust ... 
I love Sleepless in Seattle , one of my all time favorite movies . 
I love the passing of time , never for money , always for love . 
Home is where I want to be but , I guess I'm already there . 
Do you like < PROPMALE > Fisher , his latest ep marks a new peek of profesionalism . 
Wenn die Soldaten , Durch die Stadt marschieren , Öffnen die Mädchen . Die Fenster und die Türen . Ei warum ? Ei darum ! Ei warum ? Ei darum ! Ei bloß wegen dem Schingderassa , Bumderassasa ! Ei bloß wegen dem Schingderassa , Bumderassasa . 
I love the shine of the machinegun nests in the morning dew and the glint of barbed wire . 
The band ??????? is simply amazing . 
I feel old as if i was going on 72 . 
I will travel to the Motherland 
Who needs revolutionaries when the revolution has already been won ? 
I got panzer uniform some Cd’s from mother Russia and another semester of college tuition . Life is good . 
I was watching starship troopers and they have women in there frontlines . Call me old fashioned call me a chauvinist , but I don’t like the idea of women in the army serving in danger zones . Putting myself in the position of an Officer , I don’t think I would be able if necessary to order a woman to her death or a man but more a women . I don’t think I could do it . Perhaps it a good thing I’m not an officer . 
Can't sleep Starship Troopers has left me in depressed state of internal and external thoughts ... I just don't see why Dizzy had to die . 
Is mad be strong like hulk soon . uhh ... ( drool ) 
< PROPFEMALE > is just like Russia the women take advantage of you and the police spy on you . 
Things are going to change soon . If not I'll make them change . 
People should solve more problems with hugs and kisses , not knives and guns . 
The world is such a wonderful place . I'm sure we should be happy , but are we ? 
The love that lasts the longest is the love that is never returned . 
Some prices are just too high , no matter how much you may want the prize . The one thing you can't trade for your heart's < PROPFEMALE > is your heart . 
In < PROPFEMALE > , the Russian assassin is a common place villain . So I wonder if in Russia if an < PROPFEMALE > n assassin is a common place villain ? 
Still sleeps with stuffed animals and is proud of it . 
I really need to stop watching horror films every night , I think it might leave me with a complex . 
Good morning , < PROPFEMALE > . For the latest news stay tuned . Bry23 FM 
If I was to go back into time where would I go ? So many times in history I would have loved to be a part of . I could go back and invest in Apple or Microsoft . Perhaps go back to the 40’s be part of the “greatest generation” . Yet then again perhaps the 1750’s would be good as well . Some many times that would have been stupendous to see . 
When I rule the world I'll plant flowers !! 
Snow can be a romantic atmosphere , but I do prefer the flowers in spring shimmering in morning dew or a cool fall evening with leaves blowing across the yard . 
Just spilled coffee on his once beautiful shirt and white silk tie , well at least it was one of my shirt and tie sets from the 40’s 
It's astounding ; time is fleeting ; madness takes its toll . 
I wonder what my best trait is , my great super intellect , my devilish charm or perhaps my great looks and style . 
I will be wealthy like the Medici and influential like the Borgia . 
RPG 7 
Hammer and Sickle 
I think I deserve the best , some would say this is arrogance . No , I would say it’s a winning survival strategy . Why , would someone believe they deserve less ? Yes , I think I deserve the best and I have my sights on it . 
Listen to what the flower people say 
Hot sex on the beach . 
The news is always so depressing , somtimes I wonder why I even listen . 
This morning I woke up with this feeling , I didn't know how to deal with and so I just decided to myself , I'd hide it to myself and never talk about it and did not go and shout it when you walked into the room . I think I love you !! 
I just ate a bivalve mollusk . 
Ghost Nappa ! 
I am a coward , but I’m the bravest coward I know . 
Do you like good music , that sweet soul music , just as long as it's swingin ' Oh yeah , oh yeah 
I wish that I were a Bubble Yum , chewing on me baby all day long . I will be begging for sweet delight , until you say I'm yours tonight . Come with me < PROPFEMALE > , I'm your sweet sugar Candyman . 
My mamma said that the best thing in life was getting me to love somebody higher than anything else in this world , baby . My mamma said she would give her life up for me . My mamma said that the worst thing in life was getting used to love somebody is harder than anything else in this world , baby . Knowing you're going to , knowing you're going to lose it all . 
Can't beat my , Can't beat my , No they can't beat my Brooklyn Rage ( I don't wanna be a furry ) 
It hurts when I think 
Work today , work is joy . Joy is strength . 
I demand separate billing for my ego ! So does my ego for that matter . 
I in my great wisdom have begun to keep a dream journal , soon I will be able to psychologically study my sub conscious mind ! Bwah hah ha ha !! 
Hath any one seen a damsel in distress , I need one to be a classic hero . 
Confiteor Deo Omnipotenti Beatae Mariae semper Virgini Beato Michaeli archangelo Sanctis apostolis omnibus sanctis . Et tibit Pater Quia peccavi nimis Cogitatione , Verbo et opere . Mea culpa , Mea < PROPFEMALE > culpa . Kyrie Eleison . 
\I would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for you meddling kids ! \"" 
Oh , my dear Bartholomew . I'm afraid that you've gone and upset me . You know what happens when someone upsets me . 
\Man's natural character is to imitate ; that of the sensitive man is to resemble as closely as possible the person whom he loves . \ " < PROPMALE > De < PROPFEMALE > " 
\I've already told you : the only way to a woman's heart is along the path of torment . I know none other as sure . \ " < PROPMALE > De < PROPFEMALE > " 
I always cry when Littlfoots mothe dies , It's just so sad gets me every time . I can't believe this was the first cartoon movie I ever saw what were my parents trying to do scar me for life . 
All universal moral principles are idle fancies 
I hate nightmares ... but something new for my dream journal I guess though technically not a dream , O'well . 
I question the world . Does the world question me ? 
So little time ... so much time , I don't know which . 
I wish I had all the answers or maybe I don't . Perhaps life would be dull if I had all the answers or then again it might be more exciting then I would have to interpret them ? 
Bravery is easy for those who have nothing to lose , for those who have something to lose bravery can be a great gamble . 
I like to think about all my memories , then I ponder if they are actually what happened or just a perception of what happened . 
Is pondering , so many questions . 
Truth and hope in our Fatherland and death to every foe ! Our soldiers shall not pause to rest , we vow our loyalty . 
Love is an abstract ask a million people about the meaning and you’ll get almost a million answers . 
So any of you fine ladies free for a night on the town . I get paid on Friday the 16th and I have plans which could include you . 
I know the truth . 
Things have reached a pretty pass when someone pretty lower-class , Graceless and vulgar , uninspired can be accepted and admired . 
It’s only wedsday yet already I can begin to see that it’s going to be a uneventfull weekend . 
Owooooooo ! Who's that I see walkin ' in these woods ? Why , it's Little Red Riding Hood . 
If it is possible to change once perceptions , and happiness is based on perception there is no reason to be unhappy . 
When a < PROPMALE > man looses on a horse Oh , isn't it disport . When a poor man looses on a horse . He's a gambler , he's a spender , he's a low life , he's a reason for divorce . 
I liken myself to the Victorian gentleman , with all his virtues and vices . Though , perhaps it would be wise to overcome the vices . 
Think , think , think oh bother it’s not working . 
Money does not grow on trees , but apples do and you can sell apples . 
The prisoner who now stands before you , was caught red-handed showing feelings . Showing feelings of an almost human nature . This will not do . 
I am lucky to have so many friends . So many honest , genuine people . 
So anybody know the time of the Gamer’s Guild meeting ? 
As a human I am but a creature of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Give Up the Funk !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Ears , < PROPFEMALE > Ear Mode , It's < PROPFEMALE > Ear Mode . 
For the first time in history , It's gonna start raining men . 
Well ... 
La la la la la 
War films are so depressing , I sometimes wonder why I watch them . 
Unofficial Gamers guild meeting this Friday , the 11th starting at 10:00 ! At LMC ! 
Bring it < PROPFIRST > !! 
Absit reverentia vero 
Sometimes I wonder if the heroes we look up to are any more moral , pious then the villains we look down upon . Perhaps the villains are the more moral ; perhaps it is simply the system that paints them to be villains . Then again perhaps any side to a conflict is neither heroic nor villainous , but simply a conflict of ideals . 
I can’t wait till I get my first dueling scar . 
Grammer is very important to the nazi party . 
Unknown splendours , divine flashes glimpsed , Alas ! Alas ! sad awakening from dreams . I call you , O night , give me back your lies 
I get to work a wedding this Saturday , how divine . 
I wonder what is for lunch ? 
I just have way too much time on my hands , I need a job that keeps me joined to my desk with an endless work load and long stressful nights , that eventually lead to an at least mediocre pay check . 
Hello , bottle of 6 year old cognac . Goodbye , cognitive functions . 
Tonight I dine in kalamazoo . 
I found a Neko < PROPFEMALE > , found them in the night and when I put them on me sounds of such delight . I could hear the secret ones far beyond my sight . I heard them in the mountain dancing in < PROPFEMALE > light , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mode . Full , full , full < PROPFEMALE > . 
I got a new wool suit , yay ! 
Can you stand up to my power ? 
As I listen more and more to the news , I come to realize the simple truth . That truth is that our government is dying our nation is ill . The bureaucracy is corrupt and no longer works for the people . It works only for profit of individuals in it . The answer is simple my friends a complete overhaul of system . Put your trust in me < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love !?! 
Some people say there is no such thing as an example of perfection . I say I’m sure there is It’s just different for each person who sees it . 
It's amazing what science can achieve if you ignore morality and\ 
all that noise . 
I'm selling all my firearms , so I can get a customized Sig P232 . 
I’ve made a lot of mistakes , but I think my new scheme will work without fault . 
It's Dance Time ! 
The Florodora Girls !! Yay !! 
I have Luposlipaphobia , but it could be worse . 
is cool like Ice ! 
Growing a goatee , because why not 
What do you do when butterflies attack !?! 
Epic morning to mop !!! 
FAAAAA !!!! 
Give yourself over to absolute pleasure . Swim the warm waters of sins of the flesh - erotic nightmares beyond any measure , and sensual daydreams to treasure forever . Can't you just see it ? Don't dream it , be it . 
Love is an < PROPMALE > , not one I have mastered , however I'm still young and have time to perfect my technique . 
I’m going to be a Pokémon master ; I will show the world the power of psychic types 
I think ... yes ... I just may have a problem . 
Ever feel like you would kill for that one thing , that illusive yet simple want . 
I have this sinking feeling , like all my carfully laid plans are about to fail time to redouble my efforts on all the fronts . 
I live for my < PROPMALE > , I live for love . 
I'm searching for a land of milk and < PROPFEMALE > ; perhaps you would like to help me find it . 
Sometimes I wonder if my knowledge is truth or some horrible perversion . I guess it does not matter the truth as is see it should be good enough . 
I'm a Goblin !!! 
is pondering is evil subjective or objective . 
I know what I want from life ... do you ? 
I am the man who arranges the blocks 
So we reject free enterprise and once again the left will rise . Prepare the flags to be unfurled , cause we’re seceding from the world . 
This weekend is going to be special , I just know it ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday Wishes , Loves !!! 
What a headache ... serves me right . 
Grrrr !!! 
I love music ; it’s like an orgy of memories . 
Today is like any other day , I wonder whats to eat ? 
Envy consists in seeing things never in themselves , but only in their relations . If you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , you may envy < PROPMALE > , but < PROPMALE > envied Caesar , Caesar envied < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > , I daresay , envied Hercules , who never existed . 
All my solutions are final ! 
Well , I found the school of my choice , about time as well , instead of England it appears I will be off to the Netherlands . 
I am a pragmatist ; it makes life easier to think in such a mode I believe . 
\Orbis non sufficit \"" 
YAY !! , I get to work Saturday . I love auction day . I make a great < PROPFEMALE > if I so say so myself and of course I do . 
Today I made note that MSN had the so called , “20 sexiest women” To boon my curiosity I looked . I think in even my humble knowledge pool I’ve seen many a sexier women . 
Time to take a walk 
< PROPFEMALE > Gagarin !!! Hurrah !!! 
Non so più cosa son , cosa faccio , Or di fuoco , < PROPFEMALE > sono di ghiaccio ... Ogni < PROPFEMALE > cangiar di colore , Ogni < PROPFEMALE > mi fa palpitar . Solo < PROPFEMALE > nomi d’amor , di diletto . Mi si turba , mi s'altera il petto , E a parlare mi sforza d’amore , < PROPFEMALE > desio ch'io non posso spiegar ! 
Time to drink ... coffee ... 
??? ??????, ??? ?????????, ??? ?????? ? ?????????? \ 
??? ????? ? ???, ??? ????? ? ??? ,?????, ?????? ??? ? ? ???????? ??? \ 
\ 
??, ??????? ?? ??????? ??????! ???? ????? ? ??? ?? ???? ????, \ 
???? ????? ? ??? ? ???????? : ??????? ?? ??? ?????? ??????. \ 
?? ?? ??????? ?, ?? ??????? ?, ??????????? ??? ?????? ??? : \ 
???, ??? ??????? ? ????? ??? ??? ???, ? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????! 
