it ' 4am and i'm drinking an energy drink ... you know it ... 

has a long day coming up . Joy ... 
Bored ... freakin bored ... OH yeah ... it's like that ... 
is looking for his reason to live ... wait ... oh , there we go . Found it . Left it under the futon again ... got worried for a sec there ... :) 
is considering making a massive change in his life . This one has gotten stale . 
yarr ... 
My brain will not shut off . My body is ready to drop and my brain will not shut off ... dammit ... 
wants breakfast really badly but doesn't want to puke again ... 
I ate like ... four too many ice cream sammiches today at work ... 
status update : words in a row . 
\Touch the electric fence for an extra life ! \ " Random video game quote . Willing to bet nobody guesses this one ... " 
status updates are for wimps . wait .... shit .... 
soft-serve and mountain-man beards DO mix ... and that's the problem ... 
When you buy a BOX of cookies for 99 cents , do NOT expect them to taste like food . I learn the basics in life the hard way , apparently . :/ 
Pizza ... om nom nom . Hell yes food . 
So ... phone is broken ... sorry for ignoring all of you /wonderful/ people ^_^ jk ... but seriously , phone is broken , so no offense . 
is in love with the most amazing woman ever ( fo ' shizzle ) 
Word ... 
headin ' to plattsburg with mah baby :) 
can't believe he wants pickles and ice cream at 3:30 in the morning ... WHY !? 
Yeah , so my fiancée's cat likes me more than her ... lol 
Question of the Day : If Thor had a pet chinchilla , what would said chinchilla's name be ? 
I'm running a fever , i ache all over , i have fluid in my lungs , and i can't sleep . But on the bright side , i have never eaten a cinnabon . 
updated his status . 
fiance is passed out on the couch , cat is passed out on the couch , and i'm playing video games ... groovy , brah .... 
is on day 2 of quitting smoking , and wishes he could eat cake all day without getting fat . 
If i had a dollar for every dollar i have in my pocket ... i'd be exactly where i am right now . 
The cat is asleep on the dryer . Turning on the dryer did not wake him up , but opening a can of soda from half-way across the house did ... cats are weird . 
ugh ... 
french fries would make my night . 
My cat is trying to eat my bible ... @_@ 
Memory foam is like a die-cast with alzheimer's ... 
fell asleep on the bedroom floor journaling ... so manly ... 
I need a cigarette ... I need to poison my body to feel normal ... ugh , what a nasty feeling . Quitting never sucked so badly before . 
Wow ... feeling really shitty . I will kick this habit ... i swear ... 
Off of work for the weekend ! Woot ! 
I think that every box of viagra should come with a condom that has the handicapped symbol printed on it . 
The next person who sends me an evergreen tree in farmville is going to be using it as a pipe cleaner for their colon ... good LORD is that a waste of two perfectly good clicks ... it's like giving pictures of fruit to starving children in third-world countries ... lol 
I'm craving soda . 
Mmm ... orange soda ... it's like drinking liquid fail ... orange-flavoured liquid fail 
\insert witty comment here . \"" 
was going to be late to the super bowl party ... and got let out of work early just to find out that the party was cancelled ... currently sitting on the floor in the living room watching the cats < PROPMALE > each other . 
“To avoid criticism , do nothing , say nothing , and be nothing . ” – < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
new ideas and simplified functionality are great , but stop overhauling the facebook UI ! when you have 10 really great ideas for how to fix something and you make 100 changes , there's a good < PROPMALE > that your other 90 ideas are going to suck . 
In case anyone was wondering , Locoroco 2 is a sickeningly addictive game . 
is watching the cats slap the crap out of each other over a q-tip . 
Just got an error message telling me that my mouse had stopped working . Decided to click to close it , but my mouse was all the way on the other side of the screen . so what did i do ? moved my mouse .... fail , windows .... fail sauce .... 
Why the hell do we need a dislike button on facebook ? If you don't like something , comment negatively . A dislike button only opens people up to being bastards and not having the brass balls to back it up . 
Has a wife ! Yhaaaay :) 
My computer just looked at a . flac file and its head exploded ... grr ... * downloads audacity * 
Ramen . 
Is it wrong to use a virtual pc to run legacy software or just lazy ? 
Poach an egg in your ramen water while the noodles are cooking . Best little addition to your meal ever . 
I've gone through a whole box of tissues AND a half a can of menthol lozenges , and i still feel like i'm trying to inhale a cake ... 
I hate being sick ... 
Bored and wide awake . 
I wonder if Where's < PROPMALE > is easier or harder if you're colorblind ... 
I never knew just how particular people could be about their produce ... I had so many people today ask for produce off of my cart thinking it was better or fresher , and 95% of the time that produce was stuff i was pulling off of the shelves because it was bad ... 
The LORD requires everyone to pet a rabbit . Preferably one named < PROPFIRST > . 
To all of the developers who give us all of the fun facebook applications we waste so many wonderful hours on - stop blaming facebook when your application breaks . You can't just repeatedly blame facebook for your problems while your programs continue to become less accessible and less stable ... you're eventually going to have to learn to debug javascript . 
I just went through somewhere near a hundred cafe world requests ... i have more cake than anyone could ever want . 
I had a bacon sandwich today . There ... I proved it ... there is in fact a God . 
please stop sending me slate tiles in farmville ... i haven't needed them for a few days now ... give bricks a < PROPMALE > .... bricks .... a < PROPMALE > .... do it ..... bricks .... 
Ubuntu finally fixed the driver for my wireless ! yay for having this stupid Atheros wireless card working in karmic koala ! 
( My cat :) DADDY ! DADDY !!! daddy ? ... OMG TATOEZ !!!! 
< insert irritating pop song lyrics here > I'm inspiring people ! yay ! PAY ATTENTION TO ME DAMMIT IM UNIQUE AND INTELLIGENT !!!!!!!!! * cough * well , now that i've gotten that load of bullcrap out of my system ... 
Anybody out there interested in a big , fluffy orange cat named < PROPFIRST > ? He's sweet and talkative and loves cats . 
Enjoying a cup of cold coffee and reading about the health risks of chloramine ... ( and the fact that my cat has a larger vocabulary than Facebook's spell-check system ... ) 
I love old , scratchy , lopsided towels .... they actually get you dry ! ^_^ 
To answer the people who have recently joined the group \why is it snowing in April !? (allcaps)\ " - It's God's way of reminding you sheeple that \ " global warming\ " was a fictional concept invented by a politician . " 
Apparently Ubuntu 10.04 has Empathy IM built in . Does not know if want ... 
Dear mid 50's , obese , pack-a-day woman at wal-mart wearing the Tinkerbell shirt and matching sweat-pants : If you're a faerie , i'm the goddamn batman ... ( and i can't throw a batarang worth a shit ) 
It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees . 
Every time I fart , < PROPFEMALE>'s kitten throws his ears back and shrinks away . I thought this was the noise at first , but upon further inspection of the situation , I noticed that he puts his ears back even when the farts are silent . His fart-sense is tingling ! 
Apparently I make veggie platters at work so fast that the woman who trained me decided to blurt out that she's retiring this summer . 
Dear asshole ; If i'm telling a customer that we have to throw out all of the corn that people peel open to look at , and you're standing next to me , it is NOT your God-given quest in life to say hi and then proceed to peel open a bunch of corn cobs . You ARE a douche bag ... please burn in hell ... sincerely ; common sense . 
Dear Retarded Consumer : Regardless of what you may think , Mexican farmers do not 1 > fertilize their crops with their urine/feces . 2 > try to steal sales from american farmers . 3 > send Americans cattle-quality produce . We're a global economy now , folks . That means that yesterday's enemy is tomorrow's business partner as corporations scramble to save a < PROPFEMALE > . Get used to it . 
just made a perfectly amazing fried egg sandwich . 
just spent the last five minutes watching our kitten fail at having sex with our other cat . she actually tolerated it ... until he mounted her face ... 
Feels a rant coming on . 
Dear Plattsburgh ; Subtle reminder that if you take more than five seconds to go at a 4-way stop , you've given up your right of way , and flipping me off is NOT a d o-o ver . 
Good lord ... Patapon 2 is an amazing game , but i've been playing for two hours and now i have a drum beat stuck in my head ... that game is addictive ... 
Light travels faster than sound . That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
Fucking grape popsicles .... >_< 
wishing the psp supported flash player . id love to play egg breaker ... 
I just did a 70$ laptop repair with a roll of duct tape . Hey < PROPFIRST > , that's impossible computer number what now ? two ? three ? 
Duct Tape laptop is holding up nicely ... now to clear out the hard drive and potentially get this sucker running at an acceptible temperature ( which probably means pulling cat hair out of the fan with tweezers ) and i think i'll have a functioning laptop for some good time to come . 
< PROPMALE > Collins , you make \musician\ " a prestige class . " 
Vending machines that take credit cards ... how far removed are we from the real world ? Yay honeymoon , regardless but ... wtf ? ( oh , and $2.50 for a bottle of water ) 
Hey , so i'm going to be a father ! Pretty freakin ' sweet , eh ? 
Everybody's got so much inspirational stuff on their facebook pages recently , so i thought i'd bring balance back to the facebook wall : According to government statistics , about 899 people a year die falling from household furniture . ( yeah , like you reached for the nachos , fell off of the couch and accidentally the entire coffee table . ) 
Wearing a new shirt . What a great feeling . Thanks for convincing me to get this shirt , wifey ! 
Just ate french toast while the cats fucked ... God i love french toast . 
Watching the 12 week ultrasound \video\ " with the wifey ! And ... even at 12 weeks you can tell the baby has my fat-assed nose ... poor kid ... " 
Dear co-worker : blaring DHT and Miley < PROPMALE > while people are trying to work is a good way to have your radio put through the plastic grinder . sincerely , the voice of reason . 
Yes , I'm aware that it's my birthday . 
Thanks for all of the fond birthday wishes , everybody . 
Had an interesting thought today ... why is it that if humans evolved from monkies , there are still monkies ? Simple : if God hadn't put monkies AND humans on the same planet , < PROPMALE > would have never been able to complete his pokédex . 
You are now breathing manually . 
is perfectly happy with his very traditional European English name . 
I swear to God ... i WILL get my cd drive working in Vista ... ( or my wireless card working in Linux , whichever is easier ) 
< PROPMALE > McCormack and < PROPFIRST > Keller : Heroes in their own right . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , even though Jesus was probably born around september/october . December 25th is actually an early < PROPMALE > pagan sun-worship holiday . Well , that was fun ... now that i've dashed your spirits with a little dry-assed history lesson , i'm going to go take a nap . 
Minecraft ... a wonderful thing , truly . 
Yay , Kittens !!!! six kittens , all happy and healthy . 
I haven't got a clue how many times I can revive this stupid computer before it crumbles to dust before my eyes ... My laptop officially deserves a purple heart ... 
Does anyone have < PROPFIRST > Kart Wii by < PROPMALE > ? Trying to find people to play friend matches with . 
Apparently I accidentally left my AIM on all day while i was at work . sorry ! I wasn't ignoring anybody , i promise ! >_> 
