is after dough like < PROPFEMALE > Me Fa So ! 

am i the only one that didnt watch MJ's funeral ? 
1 day til my trip !!! gotta work 11-5 tomorrow 
needs < PROPMALE > to call him 
Back from KY , long and tiring , yet fun trip . 
THROW DEM E'S UP !!!! 
Just got home from work , bored , txt me 
Ugh , if i have to go back to southwind 
I don't understand why I sleep all day And I start to complain that there's no rain And all I can do is read a book to stay awake And it rips my life away , but it's a great escape 
We cannot envy our enemies and expect to bring about real change 
I think i'm gay 
is not gay . 
sleep 
work 5-10pm tomorrow , im off facebook for the night .... prolly text me . 
\I aint saying that I'm requesting anyone that's perfect but I just need a woman that'll make it all worth it ... \ " ~ Drake " 
IDK what classes im going to take since i can no longer take theatre 2 or film and video 3 
Is on facebook at work .... were slow . 
No work tomorow txt me if u wanna chill . 
In this game you only lose when you fight back . 
\Is he a millionaire who blends in with the rest of us ? Or is he a millionaire that blends in with other millionaires because being < PROPMALE > is just so natural to him ? Or perhaps he has a million chameleons ? Or maybe he is a million chameleons who have joined " 
One thing about living in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I never could stomach , all the damn vampires . 
Just woke up . 
Home . Holler at me I got my phone back ... so yea . 
Playin InFamous at home bored , text me . 
YES ! 4th period study hall ! AWESOME !!! 2 hours of nothing ! 
Work til 2 after , no plans text me 
Just got off work , i think im goin to < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFIRST > tonight if ive been told correctly 
Last day of summer ..... 
10:00 PM August , 9 , 2009 ...... Here we go again . Had a great summer overall , but its school now . 
It may not mean nothing to y'all , but understand nothing was done for me , so I dont plan on stopping at all , I want this forever ~ 
Today , I noticed that Macs have a Trash Bin but PC's have a Recycle Bin . I am now convinced that Microsoft is more environmentally friendly then Apple . LOL 
Bout to head to work ' til 2 . After that IDK just txt me or something .... * YAWN * 
Today , while driving I saw a suicide prevention billboard . Less than a mile ahead was another billboard advertising Nike footwear with the slogan \Just do it ! \ " . I laughed at the horrible placement and irony . " 
Writing a speech for English , oh what fun , then Chemistry home work ( YAY !... not ) After that no plans , so hit me up . 
< PROPFEMALE > new Math Teacher fired allready . , and it was mine . 
This year might be ok .... we'll see 
Today I walked past a man and heard a snatch of his conversation . He was saying \So it was 3am and I was up this tree ... \ " My < PROPFEMALE > to hear the rest of that conversation will haunt me for the rest of my life . " 
Yesterday , my math teacher said he would treat us like college students . Today , he gave us cookies for getting the right answer on our logic problems . Needless to say , I can't wait for college . 
Fire at school today i hear the 2nd floor is ruined ( my backpack and stuff is still up there ) Sat for 4 hours on the football bleachers , some people had head strokes , some folk got arrested . nothing new . 
Leaving until monday for spring river , this should be fun . 
Back , storming to bad at Spring River , so we went to Sardis . Fun but long and tiring ! 
Just did that fan check thing , that cant be right 
ICP at the New < PROPFEMALE > Nov 21 Im goin who else ? 
Just got home .... church later . 
Bout to pick < PROPFIRST > up and go to church 
missed kanye what happened ? 
gaga is definitely out there 
drake gets the vote with asher a close 2nd choice 
It was okay for new green day so-so not great old greenday FTW 
Just saw the kanye thing ..... omg < PROPFIRST > betta get her goons on that mane ! 
WHOA whats goin on with the rejects there ? Glitter much ? 
I feel like a kid again im < PROPFEMALE > excited Cloudy With A < PROPMALE > of meatballs , AND Wildthing have a movie :D yay ! 
WHATTHEOMG is that red thing ? 
whats wong with his voice ? 
That ridiculous show is over ... night 
Got 119 on an IQ test 
Just got off work . My whole house is sick except me , anything goin on tonight ? 
Not feeling good . got in a wreck this morning , had a great afternoon though . 
And oh as I fade away , Theyll all look at me and theyll say , Hey look at him and where he is these days . When life is hard , you have to change . 
New < PROPFEMALE > Jam Album = Amazingly Awesome . 
Hates people who cant fight one on one , then jump you and run away . 
has nowhere to go tonight :( 
35 dollars to order a new debit card and my whole check was 60 dollars 60-35 = 25$ , my car insurance = 30$ . Anyone see the problem here ? 
Got o car , no phone , not grouned , just broke :( If you need me call me on the hizzouse . 
Take what you need from the valley of tha hopeful , Even if you dry you'll be floatin ' high above it , You can say Bye Bye Bye , Sky might be fallin ' but remember you can fly high 
Will most likely windup going to G-town High 
Is bored and has no phone , if you wanna do something hit me up ill be home all day . call my house number if you dont have it hit me up 
DOESNT WANT TO STAY HOME AGAIN TONIGHT SOMEONE CALL ME ! ( house no cell ) 
still dont have a phone , or car insurance ugh this sucks , gotta work 5-9 tonight 
Life's up and downs they come and go .... but when I die I hope I live in the sky ... All my folks who Ain't alive I hope they live in the sky .. pray to God when I die that I live in the sky .. It's true what Goes around comes back you know .. So when I die I hope I live in the sky .. All my folk who ain't survive may They live in the sky ... Tell God I wanna fly and let me live in the sky 
Just got off work , tired and my feet hurt . 
We took the fo's off the chevy And we sat it on those sixes lipstick on them rims got them rims blowin kisses 
Will be going to < PROPMALE > Thursday 
Nervous about the first day at < PROPMALE > tomorrow , IM GOING TO MISS ALL MY SHS FOLKS !! 
First day was .... ok .... def different , idk what to expect . 
4 ? 
She all on me cuz all I do is , Ride around in Bentleys coups Got no need she got me , Buying her them Fendi shoes All we do is shop until we drop , 
is locked up 
Is legally an adult ....? 
Everything I'm not made me everything I am . 
my phone back txt me 
Domino's orientation tomorrow 3:30 am ... fun 
Shitty day 
Anyone complaining about the MIM lineup needs tol be quiet , its awesome as it is , and even if there isnt anyone you like you know its gonna change 
LORD T AND < PROPFEMALE > TONIGHT ON THE PEABODY ROOFTOP ! Whos coming ? 9013959673 
Lost phone , got new one , same number :/ call meh i need < PROPFIRST > 
Do Right And Kill Everything 
I only eat at waffel house ? YEA dat dur or tha huddle house ! 
I just hope that you think of me 
Only the opposite of me can have what I want , makes sense eh ? 
Maybe I oughta mention Was never my intention To harm you or your kin Are you so scared to look within The ghosts are crawling on our skin We may race and we may run We'll not undo what has been done Or change the moment when it's gone 
So here I am doing everything I can holding on to what I am pretending I'm a superman I'm trying to keep the ground on my feet it seems the world's falling down around me the nights are all long I'm singing this song to try and make the answers more than maybe 
Should Have his own place within two weeks 
He was born a pauper to a pawn on a Christmas \ 
day When the New York Times said God is dead And the war's begun 
One day thatll be \ 
me you can put that on everything and idc what a hater says 
poor thugnificent 
Kick in the door , wavin the four-four\ 
\ 
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more 
bricksquad tonight ! Whos with me ? No id required ! 
Went to tha club , got crunk to some dubstep friday = succsess :D 
days off without anything to do are wasted ;/ 
A wiseman is astonished by everything ... 
poor mau5 
Digging FLobots and New Wocka Flocka mixtape :D 
Why is everyone and i mean EVERYONE getting on flockas d ! (k . I been bumpin this for the longest when you all thought he was stupid you cant like this mayne just cuz he now blowin up ... plz getouttahere 
Elephant 
Too many things too little time :/ 
Wishes someone anyone would stick to some plans just once . 
Saw the fams , had some grubbage , overall good day . FThisRain 
VERY BAD WEEK . Lost my job , then my starter on my car died . Now im stuck with a dead phone and no car and broke :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Smith is an abomination 
Does anyone wanna go on a joyride with us ? HUH ? HOW BOUT YOU !? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :D 
ima a diva !!! i luuuhhh me some beyonce 
i do not enjoy sodomy . 
Good people , good night , good christmas :) 
failing 
transmission broke .... no more car ;/ great snowday huh ? 
