I learned the hard way that i cant choose a song on my iPod while going down the stairs ... just kidding , but at least i know not to do that . lol 

Best Movie Ever ? < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We could learn a lot from crayons . Some are sharp , some are dull , some are pretty , some have weird names , and all are different colors ... but they all have to learn to live in the same box 
sometimes i can not believe how shallow some people can be . you think their your friend , then when you need them , nothing . yet when they were having themselves just a perfect little existance and then they screw it up , who was there to help them ? Its a 2 way street and if you dont wanna be there , then drive away . We might be family , but that doesnt give you the right to walk all over me . 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is getting married tomorrow , yay . So bored right now im actually watching the science channel . I didnt know we got the science channel . 
Back from an unplanned night at Tay's , yay for not planning things until 5 minutes before hand !!! 
whoops , guess i had math homework . 
What would happen if i got 4 people to stand in the main halls of the school and they all yell EARTHQUAKE similtaniously ? How flippen funny would that be if someone actually hit the floor ? i want to try that now .. 
Hey guess what , HAHA IM NOT TELLING YOU !!! 
Who thinks i should get pictures of my dark hair on here ? 
Well that was possible the worst idea that ive had in a while .... heh but seriously take a joke . 
Oh sheesh , well i hope he's happy , i'm like a nervous wreck ! anything happens , i might freak out ... 
HAHA i just went on google and typed in screw this ( looking for this video i wanted to see ) and the first result was screw this im going to hogwarts . 
Please don't hate me for what I've done Run away with me , I'll be everything that you need . ~ Alesana , The Lover I ADORE THIS SONG !!!!! 
Haha i love when BOTDF is on stickam , things get soooooooo random !!!! 
essh i dont feel good ... 
Did anyone else know they made strawberry cheesecake jello ?!?! Im so happy right now its yummy !!!!! 
Mon aéroglisseur est plein d'anguilles!!!!!!!! OH NO !!!!! lol search it in google translator 
Lol had fun yesterday , didnt get to climb any trees , plus i kinda hid an egg and cant find it ANYWHERE . It'll turn up like in july , SURPRISE ! 
Yay for < PROPMALE > State Park !! Boo for being so white you appear to glow in the sun lol . If anyone says im a vampire i will hurt you ( not really ) , real vampires dont < PROPFEMALE > 
Don't blink , don't close your eyes , but most of all dont apologize , its me whos got the demons to wrestle now , theres a patch of blue in the < PROPFEMALE > sky , a memory of a better time , when everything was new and not wattered down . ~ ~ Song in my Head , by Sherwood ~ ~ 
I feel really bad , idk if its from the rain or what , but i can barely see straight with this head ache ... 
Who else doesn't like storms ? i can handle storms during the day , but at night , sheesh ... 
Holy peanut butter batman , Who else misses the sun ... 
Arrhg Nerf gun ... i feel really icky . why does this happen so randomly . no mall for me tonight if i still feel like this . QH <----- It's a ninja . ( turn ur head sideways ) 
I'm kinda worried , like random people keep popping up in my news feed , like i have no clue who the last guy was but apparently he's gonna have some fun playing left 4 dead 2 .. QH NINJA !!! 
So im texting < PROPMALE > when i was doing laundry in the basement , and he was trying to freak me out by telling me there was like a rapist behind me . I turn aroumd and < PROPFEMALE > is right behind me , i screamed so loud because i didnt hear her . You win this round < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPMALE > YOUR SHARK ISN'T INVINCIBLE , YOU WOULDNT KNOW HOW TO MAKE IT IF IT WASNT FOR ME . MWAAAAAA HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!! 
* sigh * < PROPMALE > , you are so nice for teaching me how to write in bubble letters because it is really cool looking . and your shark is invincible . i will not change the above statement in any way ( as deemed by < PROPMALE > Leach ) , or i will suffer a $5000 penalty . 
Well i had a lovely day , how was everyone elses ? 
aggrivated ... not completely sure what is happening but im sure it doesnt need to be so difficult . how was everyone elses day ? 
Whoops , who kinda got a little angry a little while back ? This girl , right here . how was everyone today ? im iffy , things could be better , hopefully i have a better day tomorrow . 
Rundown of my day ... 1st hour , ok . 2nd hour , had fun . 3rd hour , learned about genetics woohoo . 4th hour , stupid computers . 5th hour , presented some french stuff . 6th hour , HORRIBLE NEVER EVER AGAIN ! Then the bus , best part of my day/week/month . =] 
today was nice , pretty easy too , i have a feeling school will go by too fast , which is kinda sad . I'll just make the best of it ! 
just mowed my grandma's lawn with my dad , im full of grass ... like no joke ill be picking grass out of my hair for the next week ... 
good night my amigos . 
Oh it is on like donkey kong !!!!! Im such a dork !!! 
* yawwwwn * Im tired , i dont wanna go to school tomorrow , but then i do , but then i dont , but then i do . its very confusing , so im going to bed . Im in need of a new profile pic ... Thats on my to do list , if i dont put one up yell at me . 
Im sitting on the couch and my big outside dog started to bark . To this , < PROPMALE > jumps off the couch and sprints through the house to go outside . Then i hear a bang like something had hit the wall , < PROPMALE > had managed , in his race for the door , to knock a chair into the wall , trapping my other dog . I knew i picked him for a good reason !!! 
Who's an idiot today ? ME ! I just had to go down to the elementary school and ask my bus driver if i can look for my phone , since apparentely i can manage to lose it in 2 minutes ... GO ME !!! 
Lifes too short to plan every moment . take chances even if you think they'll fail , because if you let it pass , your gonna regret it . Be spontaneous , more people like it than you think . And Haters ? pssh let them be their loser selves . 
Watching the lovely bones , freaking amazing the first time around , hope its just as good now !!!!!!! 
HI my name is Kenmimezie , the \mime\ " is silent though ... " 
well i feel like a total nerd , im watching the National Geographic channel and actually somewhat enjoying what im learning . I feel really bad , but i dont wanna talk about it , i just wish things had been different . 
nothing to say , im not in the best mood of my life , today just needs to pack its butt up and leave , i dislike sundays , not completely sure why , i just do . wow that was a really long run on sentence . 
Im . So . Bored . Someone . Please . Save . Me !! 
Hmmm , today was horrifically delicious . I really don't know , blame BOTDF for getting that song in my head . I've said it before , ill say it again , im such a dork . 
On a scale of 1-10 on how i feel , im hovering around 3 ... Im not getting on again tonight so goodnight everyone . 
I feel better , no more hair fights < PROPMALE > , they end so badly !!!!!!!! 
Owwww , no offense andry but your couch hurts lol . But it has buttons so i approve ! Still tired , but only physically if that makes sense . Just got back inside from flying kites with the girls , it wouldve been fun had i not taken several kites to the face ... lol Im sure they didnt mean to ... right ? 
Anyone got an iPod they want to sell ? The screen on my Touch just cracked ... poor thing never stood a < PROPMALE > lol 
Dont get me wrong i love th whole wind and darkening sky thing before a storm but i HATE the actual storm so much ... I hope it doesnt storm ... 
Why do i always manage to do stupid things and then totally regret them later on ? I wish there were ways to go back , because all of the stupid things ive done hurt people ... 
Good night all , i have a head ache , But im still going to school regardless , so i'm fine . still feel bad , want to make it right so bad .. 
Who knew your able to cry so much about something then be fine for a few seconds , then break out into tears again just at the very thought ... finding this out the hard way ... 
note to self , get over it , you hate feeling like this . 
Sigh , i dont want to write an entire paper about my name ... Its so BORING !!! 
Night everyone , today wasn't the greatest , but im not gonna let that bring me down , sometimes change needs to happen , and sometimes it hurts , but you have to take it and keep going . 
Not much to say about today , i didnt really sleep and i was really irritable so its best i avoided all human contact . Ill be back tomorrow :) 
Yuck , their building across the street from my house and its sooooooo freaking loud ... 
Storm , great ... I guess ill just deal with it . 
Good morning world and all who inhabit it ! Anyone know how warm its supposed to be today ? 
I have some new found respect for bus drivers . The sub driver on my bus today took 5 minutes less to drop everyone off , plus she drove about 50 mph down the older part of < PROPFIRST > , which im sure doesnt qualify as \SAFE\ " but it was really fun !!! " 
Woohoo , im so happy !!! got my ears pierced , now i got 2 in each ear . * sighhhh * now im tired ... i think ima go to bed , night world . 
Is it bad that i laughed for a good 3.5 minutes at this joke ? What do you call a nosy pepper ? Jalapeno Business ! 
i feel like a bus hit me going around 73.2 mph ... i don't like this feeling either , it kinda sucks . i'll feel better once i go to sleep . haha my mom is going through her old pics and she randomly said , \Why do i have a picture of so-and-so in his underwear ? \ " I wish i knew the answer ... " 
Lol when my mom went through her pictures last night and found one of me as a baby , i was such a weird child . 
Reality just sat in days later and i dont like it , it hurts . Not gonna wanna talk at all tomro so plz dont push it ...... 
....... my dog is on his back , rolling around , making noises tht no dog should make ........ For some reason thos doesnt worry me lmao !!!!! 
I love getting new music for my ipod , it makes me happy :) night everyone , 
Lmao my sister brought home some homework , on weathering and erosion , asking me to help . im currently reading the chapter because i keep going into too much detail about the questions and i give her a high school level answer lol !!!!! 
............. i am such a blonde sometimes ........... tried to walk up the stairs , didnt see the christmas tree box hanging off the ledge to the attic ... walked right into it .... lol i guess it wouldve been funny to watch tho . 
Yummy , I love strawberries , they are so < PROPFIRST > delicious ! AHAHAHA oh no , my dork is showing .... 
Breathe in deep and say goodbye , the saddest song I'll ever write for anyone , anytime . \ 
Breathe in deep before I say I can feel it slip away , you're almost gone , you're good as gone , August is over\ 
~ ~ We the Kings , August is Over ~ ~ 
HOLY SAINT < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! Lol i love < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Eating dinner , then bed ... Nothing else to do ... Man i have no life lol . Goodnight to people that care enough to read this . 
Watching the happening , sort of let down with the end but its ok for when youre bored like me ... 
Oh my gosh , i just went over to my neighbors house , they have 7 pitbull mix puppies . They were so adorable !!!!!!! I want one so bad , but i doubt 4 dogs in the house would make my dad overly happy . I would totally name this one Socks , its dark brown with white feet !!! AHHHHH PUPPIES !!!!!!! 
I love shopping with my mom , i just got the second book after the < PROPMALE > of Hands and Teeth , it looks just as amazing . Today was fun !!!! 
I'm so tired , but i feel so sick right now , it isnt even funny , i really hope i feel better by monday , i dont wanna miss < PROPFEMALE>'s school concert ... night ... 
I dont know what to do with myself ... im so bored im about to cry its not even funny ... I wish the entire last month or so just didnt exist , life would be so much easier to face ... Summer needs to get here NOW because i need some time away from every human being outside of my family ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s concert tomorrow , I'm excited to hear what they are gonna sing for the last Niedermeier concert :( Still reading my new book , its just as awesome , but really sad ... 
Ow . I . Hurt . So . Much . Right . Now . Lol I really hurt but i'll be good later . Hopefully i'll be able to walk tomorrow ! Night !!!!!!!!!! 
Omg i just laughed so hard its amazing im still living !!!!!!! I'm talking rolling on the floor , biting the carpet , scaring the cat , nearly dying by rolling out the window , in front of a man who looks like < PROPMALE > gates , who horrified , runs into the street and gets killed by a yellow bulldozer . It was that funny !!!! I think im gonna go take a motrin because my head REALLY hurts now lol 
well , i just found out i would survive 47 seconds while chained to a bunk bed with a velociraptor . Good to know !!!!!!!! 
* yawnnn * Night anyone who is reading this , you're very awesome if you are ! 
Did you know that when someone annoys you , it takes 42 muscles to frown , But it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm out and smack'em in the head :) 
I just saw this little < PROPFIRST > that thats been in the tree by the back porch get out of his nest at try to fly !!! So cool !!!!!! 
My mom is watching Grey's Anatomy in the next room over and for the past 10 minutes shes randomly screamed .... Oh my god he's got a gun , nonono dont shoot her , and darnit so and so is dead ... Im positive none of this is helping anyone on the show ... lol 
always remember that you're unique , just like everyone else :) 
Oh mon dieu ! Il y a une hache dans < PROPFEMALE > tête ... Well i'm pretty sure you should get that checked out , i mean it isnt really that nor < PROPFEMALE > l lol 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile way and you have their shoes . :) 
Oh my gosh i leave the room for two minutes and < PROPMALE > managed to knock over an entire can of arizona tea onto my bag that i JUST got done cleaning ! Arrg i think they're trying to drive me crazy !!! 
epic water balloon battle with neighbors , i lost , they all threw a balloon at me at one time and EVERY one of them popped on me ... Had fun though :) 
Ow ow ow ow fell asleep on my arm and its all tingly and i cant feel my fingers !!!!! typed all this with my left hand , impressive , i know . Up north tomorrow , 6 hours in the car ... byee all ! 
about to leave , we should get there around six , no internet for 4 days * gulp * byee all ! 
Nothing like coming back from a three day vacation and having someone yell at you for not coming to their house when you told them you were gonna be gone . love you too , hun . Im so done with people ... 
Im off to drivers training , everyone stay off the streets !!! lol jk , not till next week ! 
watching ghost adventures ! fun fun i know . im such a dork . 
i love babysitting , its the only time i can watch Fanboy and Chum Chum without feeling like an idiot for laughing =D 
Holy Crap i just spit apple juice everywhere while watching the MTV movie awards lol 
red hair ( hopefully ) tomorrow , if not i'll be sad lol 
no red hair , but blue works too ! Yay For Being Resourceful !!! 
Eating dinner finally , this 7-9 drivers training needs to stop !!! 
Oh Geez , my sister offered me a temporary tattoo and i got super excited when i saw one of a t-rex , so i ran to the bathroom to put it on my wrist , annnnnnnnd when i went to take it off ,... i realized i forgot to take the plastic off and no dinosaur for me .... I was actually kinda bummed out lol ! 
* sigh * i am literally about to freak out from being so bored .... arrrrrrrrrg 
Umm trying to figure out exactly how i went from watching my sister to watching her , all four of the neighbor girls , and their two friends ... i think i missed something here ... 
I should probably be in bed , but i'm a rebel so im not ! But then again the last thing anyone wants is me on the road tomorrow morning and falling asleep ... 
Dyed my hair again , Its dark dark red , and i must say , i approve ! Had fun last night , sisters gymnastics/dance recital today , only a week in drivers training left . No complaints :D 
Oh my gosh , my neighbor just came over and i saw she had the animal bracelets on . I asked her what she had and she said glow in the dark < PROPMALE > saurs . I got way more excited than i should have and now i need to find a dark place to test my new < PROPMALE > !!! 
\Not all knights in shining armor can make your dreams come true . He's not quite as charming as he may seem . \ " TAKE THAT DISNEY !!!!!!! " 
State Test tonight , hope i do good so i can stop going to that class !!!!!!! Last drive session was this morning so i can finally sleep in ! 
Yay i passed the state exams ! no more waking up at 5 to drive or leaving at 6 for class . IM FREE !!! Hopefully with < PROPMALE > and gabie tomorrow . 
i think im gonna go crawl up in a ball and go to sleep , im so tired ! 
Lose Control by Blood On The Dance Floor , amazing ! I love how the township chose to shut the water off on Father's day for the 2 hours i need to get ready to go to my Grandma and Papa's! 
One of these days i WILL say something impressive on here . One day lol 
Can I have a Shar < PROPFEMALE > ? Their like snuggies that walk !!! Oh dear , i love livelavalive so much . 
Oh my god i totally had flash backs from like 2nd or 3rd grade . i hate tornados ... 
yes i am watchin scooby doo on zombie island , yes it is an awesome movie , and yes , i am the oddest person you'll ever meet :) 
AHHHHHHH BEETLE JUICE IS ON !!!!!!!!!!!!! I love that movie so much ! SO worth staying up til midnight . 
I need to get out of this house ... it's driving me crazy ... but i have to watch < PROPFEMALE > and that means , no leaving for kenzie . then again , my < PROPFEMALE > to talk to anyone is a little on the down side ... 
my phone is being a jerk again . I charge it all night and use it for 2 seconds before i get the stupid low battery noise . i can't wait for next week ! OMG He's on fire ! < PROPFIRST > ! Stop , drop , and roll man !!!! Haha I love mine and < PROPFIRST>'s random quoting ! 
I'm pretty good at being mean ... But I refuse to hurt again . Still can't wait for next week !!!!! and the week after that ! 
not happy , hoping for a better day tomorrow ... was at < PROPMALE > state park but left early ... hopefully going to my uncles for explosives tomorrow night . text me if you have my number . 
just sat off fireworks with my family , everything went ok-ish , sat some stuff under the porch on fire , but everything works out when you have a hose ! Dad found 5 kittens and a mom at the job today , so i have 6 new pets ! today was good !!!! 
Tired , can't sleep .... yep its as stupid as it sounds . CEDAR POINT ON THURSDAY ! I don't even care if i have a fear of heights ! 
no cedar point today , have to wait 2 weeks ... oh well , better late then never ! gonna go clean my room so i can finally get organized . thats long over due lol ! 
My parents do not understand how lucky they are that i didnt scream at the top of my lungs just now , a huge spider like repelled down from the ceiling right next to me . Now that my horrific incident of terror is over , good night ! 
Oh sheesh im excited , i was laying on the couch and didnt want to sit up and stand , so i did flip and landed on my feet . Who says im not talented !? :D 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is going into surgery tomorrow so she can have the cancer removed ... Really hoping everything goes well ... 
Coloring my hair \Light Intense Auburn\ " tonight . Wish me luck !!! :D " 
Why is my neighbor in my room ??? and why must she constantly ask me questions she has no right to ask ??? Leave me alone !!!!!!!!!!!! 
This book is addicting , and yes , im a nerd . Cedar Point on Thursday , gonna be fun . really tired though , thinking of going to sleep . 
I WANNA GO TO CEDAR POINT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Re-reading Skeleton Creek nad then onto Ghost in the Machine . watch me be done with both by tonight , they're both very addicting books . Had an awesome time at Cedar Point !!!!! 
Leaving in about 13 hours , so excited !!!!! Then on the 7th i get to see my friends , better late than never !!!!!! life is so awesome right now !!!!! wow , theres a lot of exclamation points , but i dont care !!!!! ( 20 to be exact :D ) 
hopefully i get to leave soon ... so much for getting up at 6 so we could get a head start ... oh well , be back sunday !!!!!! 
holy jesus on a motorcycle it is amazing to be home !!!!!!! 
Oh today was amazing , cant wait for saturday !!!!!! 
Some people need to have their phones taken away for being a complete idiot with them . 
Icky ... i have to get glasses tomorrow ... like real ones , not fake . oh well , hopefully they have some decent looking ones . Then i'll be lookin spiffy for school :D 
Saw < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud today . Cried three times . Super good movie though . I'm not feeling like myself right now though ... I don't know , it should pass . Hopefully ... 
Grandma < PROPFEMALE > and Papa are over ! they just told < PROPFEMALE > , who was on the phone with her friend next door , that her boyfriend is calling . God i love them :) 
so ... for once i dont have anything to say . I know , it shocked me too .. 
AHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! getting a call from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , WIN !!!!!!!!! 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > Eads today ! just got done babysitting , so tired though ... wish i could forget everything that happened yesterday . Seriously , i wish there was a rewind button for life . knowing me , i'd use the button too much and break it !! 
Got a bunch of stuff today , like a To Write Love On Her Arms wristband and an Angry Beavers Bag . School , here i come ! 
Would anyone want to have a kitten ? We have 4 kittens that would be ready to go to homes by september 24th . They are orange with white fur , kind of like small tigers . The mother is very small , so we dont expect the kittens to be much larger . We would take them to a shelter but everywhere that wouldnt kill them is at the cat limit . If you cant have one , ask around , we dont want them to have to be put down ... 
I wanna go see < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . the world like so bad !!!!!!! 
So , my head hurts pretty bad right now ... oh well , ill get over it . I want school to start so i can get over being sad that summer ended . if that made any sense at all n_n 
so , im rather excited , hopefully we get to go to cedar point on sunday . it would be a great end to summer n_n 
1 , Goins\ 
2 , Schley\ 
3 , Whitelaw\ 
4 , Nye\ 
5 , Madame\ 
6 , Tiani\ 
Please tell me im not alone until 5th hour !!! 
Hmm , what to say ? not much . thats happening a lot lately ... I should go try to get that henna tattoo off of my hand , its all faded and icky .. text me ! 
pssh , im not procrastinating , im taking an extended break from the mountain of homework i have . theres a difference . 
be prepared for my new hair tomorrow :) 
i feel icky ... i hate that feeling ... 
Oh sheesh , not a thing to type here . i used to be so good at having updates in my head , now school has pushed that all out of the way . 
yesterday was pretty nice :) Found my homecoming dress , plus it matches my shoes perfectly lol ! soooooo , im really bored right now . its a lazy sunday i guess . 
i hate rainy days ... they're depressing . getting < PROPFEMALE > off the bus in a few minutes , then sleeping . i do that a lot for some reason . text moi s'il vous plaît :D 
i reallllllllllly want to see ' Let Me In ' . it just looks awesome :) 
Frankenmuth with Andrya Garcia tomorrow :) Glad i made someones day better !!!!! 
so tired , not letting myself fall asleep though , shouldve thought about that before i didnt do my chemistry homework . text me if you have the number n_n 
oh geez , i'm going to attempt to do my hair like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for tomorrow , how that'll work out , i really dont know . wish me luck !!!!!!!!!!! 
I think myspace feels betrayed that i deleted my account , mainly because everytime i go on there to listen to music , it makes my antivirus software turn on and that closes the internet window . pssh its just bitter :) 
< PROPFIRST > Eads just dumped half a bag of pretzel crisps all over the floor . i love her ! 
Well , not much to do tonight , time to study for the chemistry test . ( Lets see how that works out ... ) 
time for bed , sweet dreams :) 
school ... hopefully its a decent day :) 
Tay's on saturday , school until then unfortunately ... 
Eh so ... Had fun yesterday , wish i wouldnt have gotten a headache halfway through it though . oh well , whats done is done . Movies later :) 
Well , i just changed the language on here to french . maybe this will help me pick some things up :) 
Open Up To Me by We Should Whisper !, pure awesomeness :) 
\Her skin is white cloth 
Happy Halloween !!!!!!!!! 
It is freezing in my house . ive never even considered this before ,... but i need a snuggie . 
Sitting on the kitchen floor . No particular reason why , I haven't sat down here before , and trying new things can be fun n_n . Not really , its actually pretty uncomfortable down here , this was a horrible idea , why would you let me do this , how dare you . 
Oh i have a horrible feeling about this , but its time for a little \why wassupp ? \ " action on my part . You know the drill ;) " 
I'm really tired , got back from babysitting at midnight and woke up at 6 ... I suppose it was worth it though . Happy thanksgiving by the way :D 
doing homework+ watching youtube = nothing done 
I just realized , im turning 16 in nineteen days . Oh geez n_n 
Oh my gosh i'm loving the snow outside :) 
hopefully this week at school goes by fast , im too excited for saturday :D 
Come now children , i'm sure we can all keep our hands to ourselves at lunchtime ... 
Oh wow , had an AMAZING day . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Eads , Andrya Garcia , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Kaelynn Richter , Becca Renaud , < PROPMALE > Leach , and < PROPFEMALE > Spitzmüller for the most awesome surprise party I've ever attended :D 
I need to start writing my report on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe ... Oh sheesh ... 
I just wrote a 4 < PROPFEMALE > essay in less than 2 hours , i think my brain is leaking out of my ears . 
Oh yeah , just got a Gir flashdrive , my life is complete :D 
Got my industrial today ! My ear hurts a lil bit and im gonna have a hard time sleeping , but it was definately worth it :) 
\Would you destroy something perfect in order to make it beautiful ? \"" 
Going to my Grandma and Papa's tonight , then to my Grandma < PROPFEMALE>'s house :) Great week so far :) 
Dropped my phone into a hole filled with water ... but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone else :) 
INTERROBANG !? 
guess who got a new phone :) itd be really cool if i got some < PROPFIRST > to go with it too ! 
So , I'm happy the red is out of my hair now :) 
Andrya's house in less than an hour :) 
I'm going all out with this friend wanted ad . You can definately tell its mine from across the room :D 
I love Kenzie < PROPFIRST > 2 Sampson :) \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
Watching Jeopardy , I dominated at the internal rhymes and stupid answers catagories :) 
Your stupidity is amusing :) 
Stupid french chair ripped my pant leg :( 
