Happy New Year !!! Wish Well ! Be Well !! 

Calling all Dads !! There is an important article posted on my wall . It's called the Importance of Fathers . Please read it and know that you are appreciated !!! Feliz < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > padre !!!! 
' s trying to maintain the sanity level of calm , cool , and collected ! These sanity snatchers are trying to kill me !!!! When did 3 year olds come with extensive vocabularies ? Help me !!!! 
is feeling the love !!! Ain't life grand ?! 
Thanking everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !! I'm feeling the love and I'm sending it right back to each of you !!! Big hugs !!!!! 
preparing to hit the road with the girls this weekend !! I can't wait !!! 
Wishing my little man a Happy 8th Birthday !!!! ( as of 7/21 ) 
wondering where life will take me this week ! But , I'm ready !! 
First my favorite singer of all time , now one of my favorite authors !! What is going on around here ? R.I.P E . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > Baisden set it off today !! How would you view a chick that slept with a guy on the first date ? Is that acceptable behavior ? Who is to blame ? 
“Change your thoughts and you change your world . ” - < PROPFIRST > V Peale 
We design our lives through the power of choices - < PROPFIRST > Bach 
Wishing my husband a very wonderful birthday !! 
Sit down and think about everything you \do\ " have . - < PROPFEMALE > C Ustaszeski " 
< PROPFEMALE > yesterday , live today , dream tommorrow ! 
True Blood !!! Wow !!! 
\No matter what happens in life never lose sight of who you are . ” -Yanni " 
A smile will gain you ten more years of life - Chinese Proverb 
\A simple positive gesture can make a world of difference in a person's life . We all impact each other's lives . \ " - C . Pulsifer " 
is counting my blessings and grateful for each and every one ! 
is getting really sick and tired of selfish relatives and friends !!! 
Actions , indeed , do speak louder than words !!! Let your actions reflect how you truly feel ! 
Still not gonna do it !!! Bring your worst !!! LOL !!! 
Cultivate your own spirit ; do not look for something outside yourself . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kipfer 
Wonders why ? 
“When you rise , shine . ” - < PROPFEMALE > C Ustaszeski 
I'm enjoying a cup of hot tea in my toe socks and grannie sweater , watching football and trying to finish homework ! This is my idea of a relaxing day ! lol 
Acting a fool with my favoritest sister in law !!!! 
Life is really simple , but we insist on making it complicated . \ Confucius " 
\It's called the past ' cause I'm getting past and I ain't nothing like I was before . You oughta see me now .... \"" 
Happy Anniversary to my darling husband !!!! 
FB Fam , I need honest opinions on this ! Two people have been in a relationship for over three years and there's constant trouble ( relationship is sex based ( she doesn't see that ) , he's always busy , he forgets her b-day EVERY year ( claiming that he has too much on his mind ) he got someone else pregnant , and has never established that a relationship actual exists ) , what should chicky-poo do ? 
It feels nice to let people know what you really think of them !!!! I'm at peace now !!! 
\All that we are is a result of what we have thought\ " - Buddha " 
Chat for the day FB Fam : What is the definition of sexy ? Is it something that is learned or is it natural ? What characteristics make a person sexy from your viewpoint ? 
A ha !!! I told ya'll that I wasn't puttin ' away my flip flops !!!!! Lol !! 
Needs to start life over again . Can you say , REDO ?! 
Movie , games , and junk food night with the kids ! Can't forget the wrestling either and I always win even when all 3 attack ! These moments are priceless ! 
I'm not afraid to admit it when I do not know and right now , I just don't know !! 
Insomnia has it's grips on me !!! Uggghhhh !!! 
Everything is okay in the end . If it's not okay , then it's not the end . 
You're NOT going to keep me down !!! I'll climb over this wall too !!! 
Don't ever think that your presence in this world doesn't matter because you may just be the world to someone else . - < PROPFIRST > D . < PROPMALE > 
Some doors are just better off remaining shut !!! Ugh !!! 
We're all capable if we have faith and passion and with that said , I'm off to yoga class ! Namaste 
Prestige Worldwide !!!!! 
Ok FB Fam !! For those of you that have a Wii and like to dance , Just Dance is the game for you !! I just played it and I have to say , I got my workout in for the night !!! LOL 
My lesson of the day and for life : one single factor that controls my life all the time is attitude . I'm a work in progress ! 
On this 7th and last day of Kwanzaa , we celebrate Imani or Faith . What do you have faith in ? What are your strongest convictions ? Is it in yourself , your children , your parents , a church ? Whatever it is , put nothing but positive into it and nothing but positive will arise from it ! 
Nothing in life is unimportant . There is a reason behind it all ; we simply are not meant to know why all of the time ....................... 
Lilac !! 
Movie and junk food night with the little people ; even the surrogate !!! What have my Saturdays turned into ?! lol ! 
Make the most of yourself , for that is all there is of you . \ - < PROPMALE > W . < PROPMALE > I like that Facebook ! " 
I just ate everything that the nutritionist told me not to !!! Oh , wow !! This too shall past ! 
I've realized that some people are just destined to ruin themselves ! I'm glad that my eyes are open now ; thanks to an old friend- you know who you are ! :) 
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses - < PROPFIRST > W . Carver . I like that one !!! 
There will be a bigger full < PROPFEMALE > tonite ! Don't miss it ! 
Thanks guys !! Had a ball last nite ! We gotta do it again soon !! :) 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!! Everyone change your Profile Picture to a picture of you with your Brother or Sister ..... or Both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and Paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings ! 
The week isn't over and I love my brother dearly , but I have to get back to my motivational quotes ! lol ! Faith makes things possible , not easy . I'm loving that one !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Twain said that wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been . So should I not be upset that I have wrinkles ? lol !! 
T.R. C/O 96 ! This Friday 3/20 , is the deadline for bowling . You can either : go directly to the bowling alley to pay ( if this is your option , let me know so that I can check you as paid ) , mail it to me ( hit my inbox for the address ) , or we can arrange to meet in person . U will get 2 free tix to BUSTIN ' GUTS hosted by < PROPFIRST > Torry on Friday , 3/26 . Check out the Event wall for more info . See u soon ! 
T.R. C/O 96 ! This Friday 3/20 , is the deadline for bowling . You can either : go directly to the bowling alley to pay ( if this is your option , let me know so that I can check you as paid ) , mail it to me ( hit my inbox for the address ) , or we can arrange to meet in person . U will get 2 free tix to BUSTIN ' GUTS hosted by J ... oe Torry on Friday , 3/26 . Check out the Event wall for more info . See u soon ! 
Baby girl asked me if she could have some grapes . I told her no . She says ' why not ? It's good for your colon!' I am so through with her !! Anyone looking for a four year old ? She's potty trained and can clean up partially !! 
class of 96 ! Lawd knows I'm tired , but I'm sure it'll be worth it ! lol ! For those of you that are still interested in attending the outing next Saturday , get in touch with me . I would rather you send me a text or call rather than leaving a message on FB - I'm not on here that much . Tomorrow is the last day for payment , so don't miss out . Come out and have fun with your classmates ! 
Ever had those moments where you just say ' wow ' and nothing else ? I'm having one of those ! 
I am trying to figure out what happened to that sweet little baby that I gave birth to 12 years ago . She doesn't have a clue who she is messin ' with !! Nice momma just left the building !!!! 
Flip flops !!!!! My toes are saying ' yay'!!! 
Thunderstorm ! woohoo ! Time to open all the windows and relax ! Good Evening Facebook Fam ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , LeVar , and < PROPFIRST > have officially been removed from the CHECKS CLUB !!! Looking for new recruits !! 
Here is one of those topics that gets the blood running hot ! lol ! I was listening to the radio and the question was : is it natural for us to cheat ? Is it really normal for two people to be totally committed to each other ? Let me here what u guys gotta say ! 
Epiphany ................... it always gets me when I least expect it . Here comes some more growth ! 
Narrow-minded and self-centered people are the boils on the butt of humanity !!! ugh ! 
:) 
I can't recall the last time I was up at 3:30 a.m with the boy child . < PROPFEMALE > ybe it was when entered the world almost 9 yrs . ago . Last week it was the baby and the week before it was the oldest ! Listen kids , Super < PROPFEMALE > needs to sleep too !! Guess who is sleeping peacefully ?! I have a nice pillow that is about to meet his head ! lol 
Treating myself and the oldest girl child to a pedi ! This is the time for me to pick her preadolescent brain !!! 
Feeling wonderful !!! I can exhale ! 
If one more mothball smelling , toothless man tells me that he is taking Viagra , I am going to scream !!! FYI people , we don't need to know what meds you are taking to get your blood ! sheesh !!! On a lighter and less gross note : today is Earth Day . Show our planet some love . This is the only home that we have :) 
No more than I can bear ........... sigh 
Any type of relationship that you have is a two way street ! Be it a parent/child , sibling/sibling , husband/wife , etc . each person plays a role and has to do his/her part in order to make the relationship a good one . Don't complain about what's lacking if you're not doing your share ! Don't be so selfish and arrogant to think that the world should revolve around you ! 
Divinity in motion ? Really ? Umm ............... I have heard it all now ! lol 
No matter how many times I actually acknowledged it , I always get a warm feeling in my heart when I realize how blessed I am ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter \ 
and those who matter don't mind . - Dr. Seuss 
God sends you what is meant to be . 
To my FB fam that holds a position in management or human resources in healthcare : please stop telling people that they need to be experienced in order to get the job that is simple , yet integral . If you don't give them a < PROPMALE > , who will ? It's guaranteed that they hear the same story over and over from other potential employers . It's hard in the job market out here ; please give people an opportunity . Thanks 
This girl still has it !! lol 
Competition makes you stronger . It makes you aware of your weakest attributes . If you feel threatened then get in the game and bring the A game that you should have been bringing all along ! 
Finished my Just Dance workout on the Wii ! Time to call it a nite ! Lawd I'm tired ! 
My babies are in their coccoons ! Yay !! 
Soooo loving my bellydance class ! 
When people show you who they are , believe them ! 
Accept everything about yourself-I mean everything , You are you \ 
and that is the beginning and the end-no apologies , no regrets . - < PROPMALE > Moustakas 
It's truly sad when you have sight with no vision ! 
Happy Shavuot to my Jewish Fb Fam ! If you aren't Jewish then Happy Day to you :) 
To all the negative people on Fb ( you know who you are ! If u don't realize that u r negative go back and read past status to see how much you complain ! ) if you are not happy with your lot in life , change it ! You do this by changing your attitude ! You are not the only one going through the storms of life . Get with it or just shut the hell up ! Thank you ! 
My butterflies are hatching ! A nice surprise to my morning ! :) 
Football and frisbee with lil bro and the girls ! < PROPFEMALE > can't catch and definitely throws like a girl ! lol ! I just lost about 20 lbs ! 
From the mouth of Jordyn to her daddy : \ I love you daddy ! You are the bestest man ever\ " . She is so up to something and she knows where to go to get her way ! " 
Bellydancing has made me aware of muscles that I didn't know I had ! Can u say ouch ?! No pain , no gain , right ? 
You're gonna find yourself somewhere , somehow . Go ahead and let your hair down !! 
Kickin it with the Fam !!! I love my crazy ass family !!! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > is killing me ! 
Just let my butterflies go :( 
Thunderstorms =\ 
restful sleep ! good nite ! 
Gonna be mad as sin when that alarm clock goes off !!! Having fun with the cousins ! It's been a while . Love ya'll to pieces ! Tiff , < PROPMALE > , and Ki !! 
Happy 4th Birthday to lil Miss Jordyn !!! 
Witnessing just one miracle is enough to make you believe . 
I am so dancing in my chair at work ! I am back guys ; had to take that hit to get my focus back to where it should be ! Good things to come cuz I said so ! :) 
I have done my good deed for the day ! Don't expect any more until this time tomorrow ! 
ok , the bellydance instructor just took it up a notch : veils and finger cymbals ! Ya'll ain't gonna be able to tell me nothin ! lol 
The husband told me this morning that the definition of insanity is doing the same acts over and over , expecting a different outcome . So , is it fair to say that I may be deemed insane because I am a good person and I expect goodness back from others ? Commit me to the psych < PROPMALE > !! lol 
It really amazes me how some doctors are so pleasant to their patients but are diabolically rude and indifferent to their staff . Is that considered to be bipolarism ? 
No man or woman is a failure who is enjoying life ! - < PROPFIRST > Feather and < PROPFIRST > G.L. 
If no one told you that they love you today ..................... you are hanging with the wrong people :) 
When we give serious advice to loved ones , we expect them to take heed and listen , right ? However we know deep down that they are not going to listen and then we have to sit and listen to the remorse they have when they should have just listened in the first place ! 
Keep your hearts open guys ! We all go through heartache from time to time . If you close yourself off because of those headaches , you will miss out on the things that matter the most :) 
Thank you to those that came out to ' Just a Social'- proving that rain doesn't stop the show ! It was a blast guys ! Lets get ready for Whirlyball tonite ! 
I just saw Jordyn five minutes ago and she was fully clothed . She ran past me two seconds ago and was naked . She was stuffing a blanket into her jumper . I asked her why she was doing it and she said that she was trying to get fat ! lol ! If only she knew ; she'd better be careful what she asks for ! 
Odio a la gente a veces !!! I think I said that properly ! 
You must be the change that you wish to see in this world- Mahatma Ghandi 
I don't wanna come home !!!! ( arms folded , lips stuck out , legs kicking and pouting :( ) 
I woke up this morning in my own bed and got mad ! lol ! I was hoping it was a dream ! Hasta luego Isla de Encanta ! 
It's not who you are that holds you back , it's who you think you're not . \ 
-unknown 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else , is the greatest accomplishment - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Gracias to all of you for my birthday wishes ! Your thoughts of me on my day mean more than you know ! I am grateful for your friendships ! :) 
No matter how hard the past , you can always begin again - Buddha 
The Atlantic is calling my name and I need to answer it !!!!! 
My little man is 9 today !! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Do people respect you simply because of who you are and because you deserve it ? Or do they respect you out of fear or obligation ; i.e. you are the manager , employer , parent , etc .? If it is the latter then it is time to change your attitude ! Respect means nothing if it isn't genuine and earned ! 
Sooner or later you're going to realize that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path . \ -Morpheus aka < PROPFIRST > Fishburne " 
Buenos Dias Facebook Fam !! I was watching one of my favorite movies last night : The Bucketlist . It started me to thinking about all of the things that I want to do before I make that final transition . Do you have a bucketlist ? If so , have you started doing the things on that list ? 
Glad and most appreciative to have dependable people in my life ! 
No sleep for me ! A mosquito had a nice feast while I did have a < PROPMALE > to shut my eyes ! Little son of a ***** ! who gets bit on the forehead ?! Really !!! Uggh ! I am itching and fuming ! 
PSA : Ladies , if you are in the habit of trying to control your man by eliminating any female contact that he has , you really need to get over it !!! If you are insecure , you need to work on yourself . Stop trying to change someone else ! Trouble only arises if it is allowed so if both of you have your head on straight and know where you want to be then it shouldn't matter if he has female friends ! 
If you dig a hole for someone else , you'll fall into it . -Hungarian Proverb 
If you have done the best you can do and if you have gotten all you could extract from something -- you have given all you had to give , then the time has come when you can do no more than say thank you and move on . - Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Storms .......... ahhhhhh .................... 
Always forgive your enemies -- Nothing annoys them so much . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
This week is Sibling Week ! If you have sisters or brothers that you can't live without , show them how much you love them by posting their pic and reposting this in your status ! 
Had a spiritual guru as a patient . Topic was the 7 cardinal sins : wrath , greed , sloth , pride , lust , envy , & gluttony . She asked which was I guilty of and that I needed to fix it because it was a transgression fatal to my spiritual progress . After deep thought , I am guilty of pride ; but , the virtuous kind ! Lol ! Which one is hindering your spiritual growth ? 
Blessings , blessings , and more blessings !! Ya'll know that I'm not a religious person , but you don't need to be religious to say : Thank you Lord !! Thank You !!! 
You WILL NOT take my light ! 
There is a minister of a Gainesville , Fl . church that is anti-islamic and says that he fully intends to go through with his plans to burn copies of the Quran on 9/11 . Really ?! So this won't have any consequences ?! I think we have greater problems in this country ! What really floors me is that this is a man of God ! Hmph ! But , wait , the KKK claim to be men of God too ! 
I will again announce that I am GIVING away a slightly domesticated 4 year old girl child !!! This chick runs up on me and says , ' < PROPFEMALE > , you've been on the computer long enough and I'm hungry . I don't have an attitude , I'm just saying!' If ya'll see me on the news , just send me green tea and sudoku books . Thanks in advance ! 
In serious need of an intervention ........................ 
My kids are on punishment for saying that they can't wait for it to snow . That is sheer blasphemy in my house !! 
It's not the years in your life that count , it's the life in your years :) 
Whirlyball is AWESOME !! 
Faith is taking the whole step even when you don't see the whole staircase\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr\ 
Have a wonderful week ! 
Laying in bed with my grannie ! I'm such a brat , but oh well ! I am grateful to still have her on this earth with me ! I have the best grannie in the world ! Keep her in your prayers , please . 
Ya'll can't tell these hips nothin ! Wobble and Turbo Hustle has been conquered !! 
Please stop making excuses ! Either you will or you won't; you do or you don't! There is no in between ! Does making excuses make you feel better about the decisions you make ?! 
Let go of what's gone and hold on like hell to what you've got :) 
I can't get anything done because I'm sitting here cracking up at The Pink Panther ; if I move , I might miss something stupid that'll make me laugh even harder ! There is a greater understanding of cartoons as an adult . As a kid , I simply didn't get it :) 
I need some REAL competition for volleyball ; my husband and kids suck ! Lol ! Priceless moments :) 
Religulous ...... watch it 
You will never possess what you are unwilling to pursue . - < PROPFIRST > Murdock 
Just Dance 2 is that ish ! Fun workout ! 
' Stop existing and start living ' ....... Michael < PROPMALE > 
Adjusting your heart to hear what your brain already knows is very a difficult task ; I must do what is right for me . 
It's not your job to like me - it's mine . - < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Full Moon ............. so beautiful 
Only the < PROPMALE>'s get kicked outta places ! Lol ! Next !! 
I am really trying to understand why my children don't understand the term ' sleeping late'! 
My liver clearly hates me cuz it hasn't filtered the dranks ! To the < PROPMALE > girls : EGL is still floating , around ! Lbvs ! 
Associate yourself with people of good quality , for it is better to be alone than in bad company . - < PROPMALE > T Washington 
Don't get on my bad side ; believe me , you won't like it there !!! 
Another Jordynism : she asked her daddy for some of his salad . He replies ' no . Some make u dumb so u don't get none!' Jordyn says , ' well , I want to be dumb'!\ 
Anyone interested , she's available for comedy on the weekends ! Smh at this child ! 
I can't stand insensitive , ignorant people that don't think before they speak ! Keep in mind that your words can hurt so choose them carefully . Just because you're thinking it , doesn't mean you need to say it ! There is a fine line between ' keeping it real ' and just being plain ass ignorant ! 
I am sending a HUGE thanks and lots of luv to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and Dorienne ! You guys are the best ! Weekends should always be this fun ! Now , back to our regularly scheduled week of the ' usual'! 
We have no right to complain about anything that burdens us in this country unless we make the effort to make change happen ! If you are registered , get out there and vote ! Mr. President CANNOT make changes by himself ! 
Nothing ventured , nothing gained . I'm on it ! 
Ok ya'll! I'm on my way to the gas station on a STRONG prayer !! If'n I run out of gas before I get there , can somebody help a sistah out ?! lol 
I smile and laugh so much because I CAN ! Be a cranky doofensmirtz by yourself !! Ha ha ha ! 
Nothing can stop a man or woman with the right mental attitude from achieving his or her goal . Nothing on earth can help the man or woman with the wrong mental attitude . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Me ! 
Pause\ 
for a moment ... Breathe in slowly and deeply ... Hold it for a few\ 
seconds then slowly release . Feel the miracle of your breath ... say\ 
thank you ; no matter what your beliefs are . After that , send a shout out to someone you love . I've been surrounded by lots of death , drama , and sorrow recently and that's enough to make you see what we take for granted everyday . Make it right ; make it count :) 
Attitudes are contagious . Are yours worth catching ? 
In your criticism of others , make sure that you hold yourself to those very standards that you are demanding from others . You shouldn't be judging anyone anyway but since that seems to be human nature , don't be a hypocrite . Practice what you preach and maybe you won't be seen as such a phony ! Now , that oughta hold ya ! 
The hubby bought me < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Experience for the Wii since I have been and always will be a die hard fan ! This game is awesome ! Though I'll never move like < PROPFIRST > , this is a great workout ! 
What things on Fb do you find annoying ? 
Ok people , what is the purpose of voicemail ? You are correct if you say to leave a message . However , that message should NOT be : ' call me back when u get this message'! Pet peeve # 6 : if you get my voicemail , leave the nature of your call ! 
This entire change your profile pic because of this and that is getting on my last nerve . I'm not requesting any child's friendship nor am I a pedophile for that matter so my pic being that of a cartoon character does not matter ! Stop over reacting ! Sheesh 
I don't wanna play #32 ! You Bossy and yes I'm pouting ! Lol ! You are cool people and I'm glad we met ! Now , it's time to continue the trouble that you started before I came around ! You've got a sidekick ! 
#55 I always thought you were a sweet person back in h.s. \ 
Hopefully that hasn't changed :) 
#113 , I want to punch u really hard ! Lol ! You added to the love that I have for the family ; glad I met you . Now when are we gonna < PROPFEMALE > out ?! 
#69 I really didn't expect u to behave ! For xmas , I'm getting you a gift certificate with a sex therapist !! Lbvs ! 
# 88 I loves u to pieces and wish the best for you ! Keep ya head up and stick to your guns . Sweep out the poison and invite more love in because you deserve it 
#83 you are always causin trouble but u know I love you more than my green tea and that's love ! Lol ! I've learned a lot from you and I'm glad we are blood ! 
#53264 , I'm mad at you for that number ! Lol ! We are peeps for life ; u are cool as a fan and open minded so you will always have a place in Sister < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s world ! Lol 
#12954 - just smh !! Greatest bff in the world now go do your homework ! Lol 
I HAVE FOUND OUT THAT IF YOU ? LOVE LIFE , LIFE WILL LOVE ? YOU BACK !!!! 
What's the one question you can never answer ? 
Just be yourself and all else will fall into place :) 
I really wish FB would stop changing the damned format !! Sheesh this is irritating !! 
Limitations live only in our minds . But if we use our imaginations , our possibilities become limitless - < PROPFIRST > Paolinetti\ 
I like this one ! :) 
Omg !!! Xmas needs to be obliterated ! I can't wait until my kids are teens and just want money ! Smdh ! 
Damned snow is blocking my lunar eclipse !!!!! 
Don't bring negative to my door ! - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
The Bff is scummy and I cannot stop laughing at her ! Happy Bday < PROPFEMALE > ! Mwah ! 
Jordynism : ' < PROPMALE > , you need to stop throwing tender randoms!' She was trying to tell him to stop throwing temper tantrums . Smh ! 
Ok , I missed the first day of Kwanzaa ( Umoja - unity * in my best < PROPMALE > Chapelle/Rick < PROPFIRST > ) but I'm here for day two : Kujichagulia ( Self-determination ) to define ourselves , name ourselves , create for ourselves and speak for ourselves instead of being defined , named , created for and spoken for by others . 
The third day of Kwanzaa -Ujima ( Collective Work and Responsibility ): To build and maintain our community together and make our brothers ' and sisters ' problems our problems , and to solve them together . The greatest kingdoms in history were built TOGETHER . Despite what you may believe or how indifferent you may feel towards life and people , your journey will be unsucessful if you try to do it alone . 
On this the fourth and middle day of Kwanzaa we celebrate Ujamma , Cooperative Economics Let us strengthen our resolve to build and maintain our own stores , shops and other businesses and to profit from them together .... 
On this the fifth day of Kwanzaa is < PROPFEMALE > or Purpose . Think what it is you were put here for ? What is it that you , uniquely , have to offer in return for the gift of life given to you ? What is it that you can strive for that will help not only you , but your family and community ? Kwanzaa give us time to think about where we are , and where we are headed , and how we can work together to get there as one . 
is wishing that beautiful woman in my profile pic a very Happy Birthday ! I have the bestest mom in the world ! 
Today , on the 6th Day of Kwanzaa , KUUMBA let's think about what we can CREATE to make ourselves , our families , and our communities more beneficial and beautiful . What creative contributions can we make in our lives , and to us all ? What can you do ? KUUMBA 
I am a happy lady ! I don't have the best of everything but I make the best of everything I have ! 
I just watched the Laramie Project and I CANNOT believe how inhuman and cruel people are when it comes to their personal prejudices ! I'm about as heated as I was when I first saw Roots or Rosewood . Come on people , we have got to stop this hate !! Smdh ! 
When life gives you more than you can handle .... kneel . This goes for everyone but especially to my family . I love you guys and know that we'll be ok :) 
My big baby got her first ' love ' note today at school ! He says : \You are very very beautiful . You are so beautiful you give the sun a reason to rise . If being beautiful was a crime you would be most wanted\ " . I'm like awwwww and hell naw at the same time ! lol ! What happened to the letters that said : ' do you like me ? Check yes or no' ? Wait until her daddy sees this ; that little boy had better run ! " 
This lady cut in front of me at Starbucks this morning . I called her ugly and then left it alone ; apparently she was in a hurry . So when I get to the window to pay , the cashier says that the lady paid for my tea and oatmeal ! How surprised was I to realize that there are people in the world that take responsibility for their actions and make an attempt to rectify their wrongs ! Thank u lady :) 
Take responsibility for your last bad decision and then let it go . Don't blame others or make excuses for yourself . - Deepak Chopra 
My Ipid is dead ! Now I'm madt ! ( in the words of the youngest girl child ! ) 
Word of wisdom : if you say you're going to do something ( especially if it involves others ) , be a man or woman and do it ! No excuses ; just do it ! If you want to continue to look like an unreliable liar , that's your personal decision but don't involve others in your foolishness . That is all ! 
Have you guys read about this new zodiac ? If you're interested , google ' ophiuchus ' . According to this zodiac , I am a gemini . No offense to gemini's , but NO ! True Cancer ( minus a few traits ! Lol ) . Zodiac roll call- what is your true and pseudo sign ? 
For all of you getting your draws all in a bunch because people are worried about the zodiac thing : leave them alone ! It may not matter to you as much as it does them ! When and if they choose to read into it thoroughly is on them ! Now , those of you that are going nuts about it - continue on ! 
OK !!! Sooooo , I decided it was a good idea to clean out from under the kids ' beds . Why am I stuck under the bed COMPLETELY and these crumbsnatchers are laughing hysterically ?! I guess I'll be here until LeVar gets home . At least I had my phone in my pocket ! 
Why can't I sleep past sunrise anymore ? My brain and body needs a conference about this ! I'm tiiiiired * whining & pouting * Arghhh ! 
It is one of the most beautiful compensations of life , that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself\ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Jordynism : mommy , I can't feel my heart BEEPING anymore so I guess I'm dead ! Smh at this child ! 
Outer transformations are no where near as important as the inner transformation ! If your heart and spirit is dark and hateful , that outer change means even less . Outer beauty will fade over time so don't think you can get away without reconstructing what is really important ! Think on that ........ - Me 
\It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . \ " \ 
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do . When there is love and inspiration , I don't think you can go wrong . - < PROPFEMALE > Fitzgerald 
My father-in-law is a heat nazi ! ( thanks < PROPFIRST >!) Lol 
One of my fb folks asked ' if you could meet your hero , who would it be and why ? ' For me that word is misused too much because true heroes aren't fictional or perform acts just for the accolades . They are everyday people doing everyday things despite the adversity that life throws their way . So , who is your hero ? 
Let the world know you as you are , not as you think you should be because sooner or later , if you are posing , you will forget the pose and then where are you ? \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Another exciting day in the e.r ! Bring it ! Yay me ! 
All I wanted to do was get home , workout , eat , shower and chill but OH NOOOOOO ! This train that I've been sitting at for 30 freakin minutes ( with three nagging kids in the car ) managed to ruin that ! I need a car equipped with a bazooka ! Pinche tren ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I miss each other :( \ 
Hot weather babies don't thrive in this mess ! 
Little known Black History fact : Andrew < PROPMALE > Beard was the inventor of the plow and the automatic railroad car coupler . Look him up ! :) 
Little known Black History Fact : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Canady was the First African-American\ 
Woman Neurosurgeon . Look her up ! :) 
LeVar threw a few shovels full of snow at me .................. he has to sleep at some point ;) 
Little known Black History fact : < PROPFIRST > Greene Wiggins was a blind and autistic musical genius . Although he sustained a career that spanned 50 years and performed for all manner of distinguished critics and adoring crowds , < PROPFIRST > Greene Wiggins , known to his fans as Blind < PROPMALE > , is virtually unknown today . Look him up :) 
Back with the Heat Nazi ! Steelers you'd better make me freezin my a ** off worthwhile ! 
Love the Black Eyed Peas and Slash ! Usher did just what he should have : Danced ! 
Wooooooooooooooooooooo ! 
Told ya'll!! Again : wooooooooooooooooooo ! 
Smdh ! Oh well . Good game 
I hope Greenbay gets 60 feet of snow ! Lmao 
' I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired . We're tired of all this beating , we're tired of taking this . It's been a hundred years and we're still being beaten and shot at ; crosses are still being burned because we want to vote!' - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hamer ( civil rights activist ) look her up :) 
Be careful of the things that you ask for . You may get what you < PROPFEMALE > but will lose what you had ; often what you had was better than what you asked for ! Let that simmer ! 
Little known Black History fact : Who invented the clothes iron ? < PROPFIRST > W . Seely developed his design for the electric flat iron in 1881 . Lets thank Mr. Seely for preventing us from being tacky ! Look him up :) 
Another Jordynism ( in the middle of my yoga so now I'm totally thrown off and can't pose because I'm laughing too hard ! ) : ' mommy , < PROPMALE > has an attitude while he's eating his happy meal ! I guess his meal don't make him happy!' I am looking for her daddy so I can go off the clock ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was a chemist who created drugs to fight glaucoma and developed Aero-Foam ( substance for putting out oil and gas fires ) . He found a way to manufacture hormones for medical use and synthesized cortisone ......... look him up :) 
On this day in 1992 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > dies . He was an african - american writer best known as the author of Roots : The Saga of an American Family and co-author of The Autobiography of < PROPMALE > X . Look him up :) 
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this : Decide what you want . - < PROPMALE > Stein 
Little known black history fact : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > invented the long handled , collection plate dustpan in 1897 . Quite a blessing for those folks that can't bend over or are just simply too lazy to do so ! Look him up :) 
This little girl DID NOT just ask me if I can buy her a butt scratcher for her birthday ! @ Levar Lloyd : PLEEEEEEEASE come get your off spring !!!! 
Change your mindset and attitude and you'll change your life . It's your call ! 
Little known Black History fact : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Darkins created the ventilator in 1894 . A ventilator may be defined as any machine designed to mechanically move breatheable air into and out of the lungs , to provide breathing for a patient who is physically unable to breathe or breathing insufficiently . This concept is most important in the world of medicine . :) 
Would you refuse to offer your services or talents to an audience that was segregated ? Well , < PROPFEMALE > ' < PROPFEMALE>' < PROPMALE > felt that if all couldn't come together as one to enjoy her talent then no one would . < PROPMALE > was the first african american woman aviator . She obtained her pilots license in < PROPFEMALE > after being barred from aviation schools in the U.S because of her color ( smh @ how skin color determined worth ) 
Love is not a feeling but a choice . Says who ?? I've got to think about that one ... 
' ... if I can't have what I want then my job is to want what I've got and be satisfied that at least there is something more to want ' ... Choices by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . One of the most prolific african american woman poets of our time . Look her up :) 
Before Tiger Woods , there was < PROPFIRST > Shippen . He was the first african american to play in the U.S. Open in 1896 despite threats of withdrawal from other players . Mr. Shippen had a backbone and stood his ground ! I admire him for that ; man people then and even now were cowards . If you don't stand up for your beliefs then there is no point in having any :) 
On this day for Black History Month , go research someone yourself ! It's Friday and I ain't doin NOTHIN ! 
Love ........ that's how I roll ! 
On this day in 1965 , < PROPMALE > X was assassinated . Not something to be celebrated but it brings forth his memory , works and what he stood for . I , personally , liked the < PROPMALE > that he'd become : accepting of all and realizing that hate wasn't the way . Good job Brother < PROPMALE > and your legacy lives on . 
Whenever you're in conflict with someone , there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it . The factor is ATTITUDE . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
On this day in black history , this black woman is T-I-R-E-D ! My body is like ' for real ?! ' Lol ! Ok , back to the program , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Henson was the first african american explorer to reach the North Pole . Race prevented him from being given credit for this expedition . Accolades were given to his partner . Look him up :) 
I think there is a train demon out to get me ! Everytime I'm tired and just want to go home , I get stuck by a effin train ! This ish should be against the law ! 
I just closed my eyes ! My alarm clock has been assaulted this morning and I'm not sorry ! Lol Anyway , today in black history , activist W.E.B Dubois was born in 1868 . You know what to do ........... look him up :) 
Black history facts will resume tomorrow . Let us talk black present ; actually this is for all races . Love yourself first . Determine your self-worth . When you degrade yourself , so will others . You hold the key to your own happiness ! 
One day I'm going to wake up in my dream ............ yeah , I like that one 
On this day in 1965 , Muhammad < PROPFIRST > defeats < PROPMALE > Liston for the heavyweight championship . < PROPFIRST > talked much stuff but he definitely practiced what he preached in that ring :) 
Think for yourself and live your own life . Be the chess player and not the chess piece ! Food for thought :) 
On this last day of Black History Month :( because people act like they are going to die if I don't post one ( < PROPFIRST > Sanders )) Our stories shouldn't stop at the end of this month ; we have a < PROPMALE > history to share with each other and our children so that it's never forgotten . Let us be grateful that they sacrificed and fought for us to have a better way of life and a brighter future :) 
FB gets such a bad rap from many but I'm here to say that FB is only what you make it and I've found it to be great ! I'm thanking FB for reconnecting me with lost family and friends :) 
Every time you smile at someone , it is an action of love , a gift to that person , a beautiful thing - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Is gonna be mad as hell when the alarm clock goes off ! Can u say CRANKY ?! 
Enjoy the little things in life for one day you'll look back and realize they were big things :) 
Attn kinfolk ( < PROPMALE > , kilgore , greene , white , kadiri , henderson , joyner , etc ) There WILL NOT be a skating event on April 1st ! Spread the word like it's some hot family gossip ! Thank ya kindly ! 
RATCHEDNESS !!!!!!!!!!! 
I need a latitude adjustment immediately ! 
I DID NOT agree to a house full of teenaged girls !!! I'm clearly delusional ! Can someone send me a drank ?! Lbvs 
I am officially the mom of a teenager !! Happy 13th birthday to my first born < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
I've never slept the day away when I < PROPFEMALE > out with my own peers ! It's something about teenaged girls that just wore me completely out ! Lol ! It was fun guys ; see you for the 16th ! 
Don't worry about what you can't control and you may liberate yourself 
Jordynism #who-knows-I've-lost-count: I wake her up for school , she lies back down and says , ' momma can you wake me up again at 40 o'clock ? ' Smh ! I got my laugh on early today !!! 
It's easier to fight for principles than to live up to them - Adlai Stevenson 
Kem is an AWESOME performer !! 
We have to be more mindful in guiding our youth . Even when they steer off of the path , encourage them to return to it ; berating and ridiculing won't help . What they've done is done so now is the time to help them redeem themselves and let them know that their lives are to be treasured too . No , we can't reach everyone but if we help one then that's all that matters . 
Jordynism ! \ 
Me : Jordyn , go take a nap\ 
Jordyn : mama , I'm not feeling the tiredness\ 
Who says stuff like that ? I had to walk away from that one ! 
