Happy new year <3 you all !!! :-) 

I love my < PROPMALE > :-) 
I passed the math wasl !!!! 
Feeling kind of sad n alone at the moment ... 
ALMOST DONNNEEEE !!!!!!!! 
I graduated yesterday !!! Got my diploma today :-) wooootttttt !!!!!!!! 
I dont think i got it yet ... 
maybe no one has checked the mail lol ill go check . 
Graduated from highschool yesterday and got my diploma today wooohoooo no more highschool for me ! 
I know omg !!!! Lol . Yesterday was sposed to be the first day of summer and we get this lil < PROPFEMALE > hole of light lol but today is nice yaaaayyyy !!!!! :-) 
Wooo hooo the suns out !!! now it feels like fuckin summer . lol 
Can everyone please message me their address so i can send out graduation announcement ? pretty please ? :-) 
Children with special needs to not have an illness so there is no cure . It is not contagious . They want what we all want ; to be accepted . Most of you will be reluctant to copy & paste this but please reconsider . It is Special Education Week , so , in honor of all the kids who need a ... little extra help & understanding and who are so beautiful and extra special ... Go KIDS 
Happy 4th !!! 
god i just wanted to see the picture not go through stupid ads lol meeh internet is dumb sometimes . 
Cleaning bathrooms is icky rawr lol 
Why do they always do this when were sposed to go somewhere ? we couldve left today if they woulda came home but nooooo god im so pissed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Went to rockfest last night , it was pretty awesome ! Thank god i didnt get trampled in the pit !! lol I was pissed i didnt get to go in the pit for godsmack tho no one would go w me n i wasnt bout to go in there by myself . 
wow its already september ? lol my b day is in 28 days ! 19 here i come lol 
I'm\ 
strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am \ 
sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't \ 
handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If \ 
you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status ... I dare you ! 
Its hard not to worry bout someone u love especially when u have no way of knowing the the actual truth , and when everyone lies to u its not easy knowing what to believe and what not to believe anymore ... 
What a shitty day . God is pissing on us , i can never express my feelings the right way , and i really need a cigarette . I hate this stupid day . 
Kinda sad that i cant talk to him n i wish i could lay by his side ... :-( 
:-( 
People comment my pics they are lonely and need some lovin ! hehe 
Good morning world 
He aint feelin anything , my love , my hurt , or the sting of this rain ... Im standin in a hurricane , and all he can say is man what a nice day , dead flowers ... i love that song 
Ever feel like ur banging ur head against a brick wall ? such a pleasant feeling ... 
I dont know why i even try anymore it never does any good i guess 
Only 15 more days till im 19 :-) 
Still cant call out on my phone raawwrrr 
Feel like poop today ugghhh lol 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who \ 
isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who would do \ 
anything for you ... that makes you laugh ... who is your best friend ... \ 
who you want to grow old with ... and who you are thankful for every \ 
day ... then post this as your status ! 
Birthday is on wed ... not gonna be able to get on here very much and just so everyone knows my phones disconnected so i dont have a phone . 
Thank u to everyone that wrote on my wall and told me happy birthday ! Mucho loves <3 
ya'll should check out the video of < PROPMALE > n what he would do for 20 bucks its hilarious ! 
Finally got all my stuff moved into my dads woot !!! Its been a while since ive been on here lol 
Im glad i have supportive people in my life that love me ... cuz sometimes u really need support when selfish people ruin the lives of people around them including the ones that cant fend for themselves . Seems to keep reoccurring over generations . Its times like these you find out who your TRUE family is . 
It really hurts when someone you love turns into a completely different person and causes chaos and hurt to everyone around them and doesn't give a damn about anyone but their self . I just want the REAL them back ... Not the deceiving , lying , selfish person they are now . How can someone change so much for the worst in such a short period of time ? It hurts so bad ... 
Well I won't back down , no I won't back down\ 
You can stand me up at the gates of hell\ 
\ 
But I won't back down\ 
Gonna stand my ground , won't be turned around\ 
And I'll keep this world from draggin ' me down\ 
Gonna stand my ground and I won't back down 
When you feel your life ain't worth living\ 
You've got to stand up and\ 
Take a look around you then look way up to the sky . \ 
And when your deepest thoughts are broken , \ 
Keep on dreaming boy , cause when you stop dreamin ' it's time to die . \ 
<3 
I'm starting to wonder if all my < PROPFEMALE > with u is ever gonna pay off . Guess i should have never expected it to . 
Happy halloween !!! Arrrrr matey lol 
Poverty stole your < PROPFEMALE > shoes\ 
It didn't steal your laughter\ 
And heartache came to visit me\ 
But I knew it wasn't ever after\ 
We'll fight , not out of spite\ 
For someone must stand up for what's right\ 
' Cause where there's a man who has no voice\ 
There ours shall go singing\ 
My hands are small I know\ 
But they're not yours , they are my own\ 
I am never broken 
I hate it when i have too much shit goin through my head ... 
I have my first interview tomorrow :-) wish me luck ! 
So i got the job ... Well see where this goes lol 
A person full of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds . Hahahaha cracked me up considering my situation hehe 
Blaaahhhh ... 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want , to beaccepted . Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honorof all children made in a unique way 
The things I do \ 
I go through \ 
And all I say \ 
When Im away \ 
And what I make \ 
The shit that I take \ 
Is something you all ready , all ready know \ 
I can't live without \ 
All I think about \ 
All I want is you \ 
You're all I dream about \ 
All I want is you 
I hope things go well with the cutco thing ... Had my first day of training today . A lot of people have told me its bs but maybe ill have a knack for it who knows . I mean some people have made a lot of money doing it so i figure trying it and seeing where it gets me cant hurt , might as well take the opportunity . You gotta take risks in life , cuz if you dont than you'll never know what might have been . 
So i was wondering if anyone would be interested in letting me show them my demo for cutco , for the next two days i have to show to people who own a house , married and 30 or older . But starting next week i can show to anyone who is 25 and working full time . I get payed just to show it , so no one should feel pressure to buy anything . I need some practice so if anyone is willing to help me out , thatd be great ! 
Yay i finally get to see my baby !!!!!!!!! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) lol 
So again , anyone interested in letting me do a demo for them for my cutco thing ? I get paid to show it so anyone who is willing to just watch would be soooooooo helpful ! :-) If intersted in helping me out send me a message and well work somethin out . 
The love of your life is the person who makes you forget what all your standards and preconceived notions about love and romance even were <3 
You must take personal responsibility . You cannot change the circumstances , the seasons , or the wind , but you can change yourself . That is something you are in charge of . 
All changes , even the most longed for , have their melancholy ; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves ; we must die to one life before we can enter another . 
Great now i dont have anything to do for thanksgiving ... Dont you fuckin hate it when you make plans and turn everyone elses down n then they back out ? Fucking nice . Guess its just me n my dog for thanksgiving . 
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions . ~ William Shakespeare 
Mmmm coffee . lol 
Icky icky headache meehh :-/ 
Blahhh ... 
Love is like a friendship caught on fire . In the beginning a flame , very pretty , often hot and fierce , but still only light and flickering . As love grows older , our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals , deep-burning and unquenchable . ~ Bruce < PROPFIRST > 
I find it odd when your trying to be nice to someone and theyre nice at first and then they start acting like they hate you lol thats what i call two-faced ... Jus sayin lol 
When rules are constantly changing , and your expected to be more than you can be with the limitations you have , it's hard to rise to the occasion . No one should be expected to be perfect . Someone who was never taught how to grow up might need help , especially when someone wasnt fully there all their life anyway . My spirit is already down enough i dont need someone breaking it down even more . 
Too early ugghhhh lol 
I'm all registered for classes in January , got all my financial aid stuff done , and now have a part time job . Its under the table but its money lol Yay !!!! :-) Thank god things are looking up in that part of my life now if they only would look up for the other part ... God i just miss who she used to be ... Tears me apart . 
Dead < PROPFEMALE > shine , light up the sky\ 
I'm all out of breath , my walls are closing in\ 
Days go by , give me a sign\ 
Come back to the end , the shepherd of the damned\ 
I can feel you falling away\ 
No longer the lost , no longer the same\ 
And I can see you < PROPFEMALE > ting to break\ 
I'll keep you alive if you show me the way\ 
Forever and ever the scars will remain 
Shorty signin off :-) 
I know you'll come back someday\ 
On a bed of nails I’ll wait\ 
I’m praying that you don’t burn out\ 
Or fade away\ 
All we are\ 
Is all so far\ 
You're falling back to me\ 
You're a < PROPFEMALE > that I can see\ 
I know you're out there\ 
Somewhere out there\ 
You're falling out of reach\ 
Defying gravity\ 
Somewhere out there 
Feelin kinda sick ... I hope i feel better tomorrow ... 
God im sore from yesterday lol guess thats what i get for not being very active haha . But i dont really feel sick anymore so guess it was good that i caught up on sleep ! I cant believe christmas is coming soon time sure flies way too fast lol 
Ohhhh soooo tirrreed grrrr . lol coffee time :-) 
Off to work with me like a normal person ! lol 
If only things could be more simple ... But unfortunately it MY life we're talkin about so its always so damn complicated lol 
YAY get to spend christmas < PROPFEMALE > and christmas morning with my best friend !!! :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-D \ 
Im like dancing around like a lil elf cuz i love christmas ! And the shirt im wearing tomorrow says : Im not shortv im elf size ! hahaha thanks micheale for getting it for me last year im going to wear it like every year :-) i hope everyone has a awesome christmas <3 
And as i float along this ocean , i can feel you with a notion that wont seem to let me go 
I just wish i knew what to do ... Curse you life and your complicatedness ... 
RIP my sweet darling P . P ... I will miss you forever and ever and I will never forget you ... :-( Lost my best friend yesterday my heart is broken 
Back to school ... Back to school ... lol 
Yay back in school , i think im gonna love my classes . Hopefully . lol . I still cant believe i lost my P.P tho ... Gonna take a long time to get over i miss him so fucking much and i just want him back dammit . 
Oh my sweet < PROPFEMALE > ... I hope your happy in heaven and have all the mice in the world to hunt ... I love you P.P forever and always ... <3 :-( 
Had an all day date with my baby today we had lots of fun . Epic day <3 <3 <3 
Theres this what seems to be a stray < PROPFEMALE > on my porch ... and i wanna bring it in so bad ... but i cant cuz my dad wont let me have another cat ... I feel so bad for it all alone out there :-( breaks my heart . 
Mmmmmm brownies . :-) hehe 
Woot only work tomorrow no 8 o clock class lol thank you mlk ! :-) 
B+'s on my last two exams :-) woot ! i love my sociology and psychology classes . Gotta get up early for drawing , remind me to never take an early morning class EVER again , soooo not a morning person . lol 
I cant WAIT to give my baby his birthday presents tomorrow !!!! :-) 
:-( :-( :-( 
You're always talking back to me\ 
You won't let it be , won't you touch me touch me\ 
It never bothered you before\ 
Now I stand and I peel for more , wont you touch me touch me , i wont let it go\ 
Been stuck in my head lol 
Well this part mainly though . lol \ 
Yes I've finally found a reason\ 
I don't need an excuse\ 
I've got this time on my hands\ 
You are the one to abuse\ 
One to abuse 
A company \ 
Always on the run \ 
A < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Its the rising sun \ 
I was born \ 
A shotgun in my hands \ 
Behind the gun \ 
I'll make my final stand \ 
And that's why they call me \ 
Bad Company \ 
I can't deny \ 
Bad Bad Company till the day I die \ 
Until the day I die \ 
Until the day I die 
Think im going to go meet a ferret tomorrow , the lady doesnt live too far away from me and i really want one . I hope it goes well , cuz she offers a pretty good price for everything i might be getting . Im excited !!! :-) 
Im really lovin five finger death punch right now :-) 
Grrrrrrrrr so early >.< lol 
God i hate people who think theyre better than everyone ... they are just a sad waste of human life . 
I'm a rollin thunder , pourin rain\ 
Im comin on like a hurricane\ 
My lightnins flashin across the sky\ 
Your only young but your gonna die\ 
Wont take no prisoners , wont spare no lives\ 
Nobodys puttin up a fight \ 
I got my < PROPFEMALE > , gonna TAKE YOU TO HELL !!!! \ 
I'm gonna get ya , satan get ya\ 
HELLS BELLS !!! \ 
:-) 
Todays gonna be a good game . GO PACKERS !!! :-) 
Im fuckin done . I never deserved to put up with this shit in the first place . I guess sometimes your < PROPFEMALE > DOESNT pay off . 
Gotta love waking up at 4:30 in the morning and not being able to sleep for shit last night ... yay 
:-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( : - :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( : - :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( : - :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( : - :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( : - :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( Guess thats the only way to describe how i feel right now . 
Just like the crow chasing the butterfly \ 
Dandelions lost in the summer sky \ 
Cause when you and I were gettin ' high as outer space \ 
I never thought you would slip away \ 
I guess I was just a little too late 
Its not like i dont feel alone enough ... 
Off to try and relax ... I wish this feeling would go away , it makes it so much harder to get through everyday life . :-/ 
God i just hate this . Hate it hate it hate it . It would be easier if this pit in my stomach would go away . 
Things are ok now . <3 
Got to see my mommy and my lil monster yesterday and today , was an awesome visit . Well overdue too , but now im at peace that i got to be with my family all together again . :-) 
Oh lord please dont tell me i have what my dad had ... He was sick for DAYS ... I feel terrible ugggghhhhh 
I really hope i feel better tomorrow ... 
Glad i dont have a fever anymore , that way i could go to work and make mooollaahh !!! lol 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , has FOUGHT , or is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one hour <3 RIP Jeneca 
I really hate it when people who dont even KNOW you try to butt in and pick apart your relationship when they dont know anything about it . Im done with that shit so i dont give a crap what anyone elses opinion is so keep it to yourself because your opinion is not wanted or needed . Me and my baby love each other very much and are doin just fine and thats all that matters to me :-) 
I love the power of blocking crazies who wont stop harassing you :-) Its like POOF ! gone and they dont exist haha my facebook is nice and peaceful now lol 
Cant WAIT till after work to go on a road trip with my sissies to seattle to see my brother for his bday !!!!! My lil monsters gonna be nine on sunday i cant believe how big hes getting . Me and my lil baby < PROPMALE > are skippin town ! woooohoooooo !!!! lol 
Had a great time this weekend :-) 
No psych today wooootttt lol 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this .. Why ? Because .. They probably need a punch in the face . 
This day fucking sucks . That is all . 
Baby saved the day and brought me a treat :-) All of you that go to the dublin tonight , i hate you all !!!!! including you babe lol not really but still , I will be cleaning up after all your drunk asses on monday , and i dont even get to take part in the fun of it first . Fuckers . lol 
I really miss my cat . i love my new ferret and all hes awesome , but godamn it still hurts like PP died yesterday ... And it makes me so sad . 
Get to spend time with the lil monster <3 
I cant believe its march already geezzuusss ... At this rate im gonna blink and wake up 40 lol 
Registered for spring quarter classes ! Belly dancing is gonna be epic for PE :-) hehe 
Ok so i now have a phone ... My new # is 360-977-4659 . Text me w < PROPFIRST > i only know a couple < PROPFIRST > in my head lol but no one call me at the moment im trying to concentrate on school work . I cant wait till spring break ... lol 
So if anyone wants my number let me know and ill give it to you . So nice having a phone again ! 
Text me im bored lol plus i need more number people ... my < PROPFIRST > 360-977-4659 
That was a really good service . < PROPFIRST > Weiss i hope you rest in peace . 
So everyone bitches that i dont have a phone yet when i get a phone and tell people to give me their < PROPFIRST > on fb barely anyone does ? You guys fail hardcore . That or im just a loser . lol 
RIP alissia , i think your service yesterday was everything you would have wanted . 
I love criminal minds :) 
My human sexuality class is going to be epic . :) 
Wooohoooo i love the sun :) 
My fortune cookie says : The best prediction of future is past ... Wonderful . lol 
Happy easter everyone ! <3 
I cannot WAIT to get my hair cut off . I know that everyone that knows me knows this , but i am super stoked ! Im going to do a lil jig and a skip and hop when it happens ! :D lol 
I officially think today SUCKS . That is all . 
Guess you cant change someone's way of thinking no matter how much you try to help them or no matter how much you love them . 
Why does this have to hurt so much ? Its a fucking gorgeous day outside and i havent enjoyed one bit of it . Could be rainy and shitty for all i care . 
Apparently theres no use being with someone who isnt on the same < PROPFEMALE > . I didnt want things to end this way and it breaks my heart but sometimes you gotta go with your head instead of your heart ... This is the hardest thing ive ever had to do . 
Ok everyone finally pics of the new hair . I really need a better camera tho . lol 
I really dislike passive aggressive people with a vengeance ... Thank god it was a beautiful day outside or else i would of came completely unglued . 
No one is in control of your happiness but you ; therefore , you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > de Angelis 
If we are all worms , try to be a glow worm . :) 
You can never be old and wise if you were never young and crazy . :) 
Call me daft , call me a bore , if you dont like me there's the door . Call me skinny , call me fat , I can put it on or I can lose that . Call me annoying , call me dumb , excuse me , but I'm having fun . Call me a flirt , call me a fake , that's just me so give me a break . Call me a loon , call me a geek , call me what you want , I'm just unique ! Repost this if you don't give a damn what people think of you :P 
< PROPFEMALE>'s is going to hate me if they keep giving me coffee ... lol i have the strangest urge to start using one of the booths as a trampoline ... lol 
Despite what everyone thinks or tells me , i have to do what feels right . 
Fever+really sore throat+whole body hurting = NOT FUN . :( 
