Getting my math homework done , catching the bus , getting done with school , coming home .... 

Affiliate marketing ... hmmmm 
Music :D 
sleep 
its my birthday :P 
There should be a hardrive that lasts forever 
lol im bored 
thank god finals are tomorrow 
I have to come to school for p.e .... :| 
when will I put a picture up ? > < 
It's a Friday !!!!!..... 
music 
killswiche engage will be playing in Sanfrancisco !! @ ! @ ! @ ! @ ! @ ! @ 
woot free 4th ! 
im tired > < 
woot for silver :D 
food :D 
music :D 
im going to do absolutely nothing for 2/3 of my day :D yay 
the weekend is near :D 
Jv Wrestling season is over :( 
http://i276.photobucket.com/albums/kk16/zxpipo7/9645ef4df16390_full.jpg xD this photo is epic 
God do I hate typing all the crap in the info tab ... 
todays music day for me :D 
Listening to music , doing random stuff on facebook .... 
reading de-motivational posters 
homework :O 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland was 132432904238903480 times better than I ever thought it would be ... I actually want to re watch the movie :O 
fridays > < 
Drinking a coke , listening to music , and kicking back 
Wow ... Im bored but theres actually shit I could be doing right now ... > < 
rofl I was bored when I have a container of gummy worms I could be eating xD 
I really wish I had 3 hands because when it comes to face palming stupid people 2 hands aren't enough > < 
Sleepyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
eh 
bored 
kick ass kicked ass xD 
- 
Bands need to take less than 12349320429041 years to release a new album > < 
I have no homework woot ! 
HmmMMmmMmmMm anyone want to play Air-Hockey or something some day over the weekend ? 
Bored > < 
grrr I want to see Nightmare on elm street > < 
-Needs a Job > < 
I hate mornings > < 
procrastination gotta love it 
garageband :D 
Grr why does homework seem to ever end 
Anyone up for laser quest , bowling or a movie this weekend ? 
Downtown Los Altos is fun :D 
listening to music :D 
ufc 2010 is too ez xD 
Right after friday finals I get to wake up saturday morning to go have 4 1/2 hours of SAT fun > < 
Anyone up to going to jamba juice after school tomorrow ? 
I might have a job .... hopefully ... maybe ..... possibly ..... 
Going to an art/wine festival tomorrow ... anyone want too come ? 
bored and tired xD 
anyone go to 24 hr fitness or would like to go cuz i have a pass and I have a few 2week guest passes . 
card tricks are really fun :D 
Faux Hawk ftw :D 
I got a very ez good paying job :D woot ! 
bor3d 
Anyone up to doing anything this weekend ? I have free gym passes ( just need your parents to sign your life away so incase that random stranger decides to kill you in the gym no one will get sued for it ) or theres lazer quest , or randomly and aimlessly walking around any downtown :D 
anyone going to the free open wrestling classes that start july 12th ? 
Germany ftw ! 
woot 1560 on the S.A.T :D 
CostCo- where lunch is free :D 
... bored ... * yawn * 
Anyone going to wrestling practice today ? 
The new soilwork album is awesome :D 
Aug3 will be awesome :D 
Is inception worth watching ? 
When in doubt use the Chewbacca Defense 
yawn 
Mannn are < PROPFEMALE > charts accurate 
Will be in Idaho in 11 days :D 
Anyone have a blank cd I can have ? I don't want to have to go buy a 20 pack just for 1 cd xD 
I wish I had a sham WOOHOO 
Will be in Idaho in a little under 3 days :D 
Tomorrow vacation starts :D 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Sean : I will see all of your around 1:30 tomorrow ( well at-least my plane is supposed to land at 1:30 ) \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > and Sean : I call shotgun ! \ 
< PROPMALE > : Enforce this with your life ! 
50 minute delay > < 
walked downtown spokane , ate a burger , went swimming , saw the late showing of inception .... yesterday was awesome :D 
silverwood was BUSY !!! 
Rafting from 8-10 ... really awesome when 4000 nats decide to fly into your face .... yay .... xD 
Going to some European resturant for breakfast .... I hope the food doesn't suck . 
lazy day today woot ! 
Idaho gang members : look tough , act tough , and they think that they can run after a car going 40mph ... :D 
Going back to cali thismorning and everything was awesome besides the small amount of sleep I have had in the past 24 hours ( this just sucks because now i'm going to become a vampire ) so yea ... 
You can pick up your books at anytime right ? 
My schedule 1 ( fall ) . Civics-Fritz 1(spring ) . Economics- Miyahara D 2 . Drawing 1- An 3 . Alg 2- Robertson K 4 . Spanish 2- SalsmaRodri 5 . Film Analysis- Rosenberg 6 . Chemistry- Babb 
bored xD 
Is it me or is everything found on the < PROPMALE > driving schools online course taken from random websites found from Google . 
Astrology is awesome 
I found 15 cents while cleaning my room ! I might be < PROPMALE > one day xD 
Why does Spanish have to be so difficult > < 
Fans are useless . All they do is blow the hot air on you > < 
Yawn 
The new disturbed cd is pretty nice . 
yay I finally have some sort of idea on what career I'd like to get into . 
Double sided sticky tape ftw ! 
Seahawks spanked the 49ers 31-6 Go Hawks !! 
Has anyone seen Devil ? If so how bad is it ? 
Seahawks why did you have to go and loose to the rams > / 
Music makes homework so much easier 
Spanish homework never ends :| 
:D . . . . . Nom Nom Nom 
sanfrancisco state university is now my favorite collage 
easy day tomorrow woot ! 
Apparently when you miss the bus the best thing to do is to scream a whole bunch of cuss words waking up the people in all the houses around you .... 
going to school during 0 period .... yay ..... 
yay I found out how to send photos from my phone to my computer for free ! Thankyou google wifi . 
Finally weather that gives me a reason to be lazy . 
Like my status & by sometime this friday I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13seconds ; 2 . The color you remind me of ; 3 . My first memory of you ; 4 . The animal you remind me of ; 5 . Ask something I've always wondered aboutyou ; 6 . My favorite thing about you ; 7 . Give you a weird nickname ; 8 . Tell you what's on my shirt now ; 9 . Challenge you to post this . 
Anyone down to see Saw 3D tomorrow ? 
Going to see the Seahawks vs Raiders game tomorrow ! :D 
Seeing the Seahawks vs the Raiders was awesome , appart from the Raider fan behind me who threw his beer up in the air ( yes it landed on me ) ... that bastard . 
Was going to see Saw3D after school but the show times are super inconvenient so does anyone want to grab some food after school ? 
It's always great to find a good new band to listen to 
going for a run in a few . If anyone want's to hangout later today post a message here or text me . ( < PROPFIRST > this excludes you ) 
Saw 3D is really good although I think they spent to much time adding gore for the 3D that they rushed some death scenes making it a little unrealistic but overall you really should watch it if you have seen all the others . 
yay its raining 
slept half the day and is sick ... why must this happen on a day when there is no school 
Hates the cold . 
The < PROPMALE > Cardinals dominated Oregon State 
I hate it when a really good band only has a few songs out . 
I am so glad finals are next week . All this homework sucks . 
This weekend was very fun , but very busy . I hope that the night lasts for what feels like forever . 
Coffee :D 
My right hand is fractured oO .... won't be better for 6 weeks ( basically the rest of the wrestling season ) ... really lame 
So glad its break . 
is on skype right now 
Man is christmas shopping time consuming 
Got accepted to San < PROPFIRST > State ! So happy right now :D 
Seahawks play the rams on SUNDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL WOOT ! 
Seahawks are in the playoffs :D 
Seattle beat the Saints ( defending superbowl champions ) :D 
you gotta go with what you know 
Lost my tv remote ... can't play my xbox360 .... this is all bad 
have a job interview at 3 . Free to hangout afterward . 
ufc fights today weren't that great :( 
Oh my god it's a guinea saurus < PROPMALE > ! 
I hate it when you don't know what to say . 
tired 
Get out of school at 11:30 am and It's my day off of work .... Oh thursday are you going to be epic :) 
Why is everyone at ihop at 3:30 am ?! 
Gotta love payday :) 
It's raining :) 
I don't work today so if there is anyone who isn't going to the school dance that want's to hangout tonight send me a text ( My #s in the info tab ) 
No work today or tomorrow :) Finally get to catch up on my sleep 
