OMG ... my baby daddy's , baby mama isn't ready to have that cute little sister for < PROPFIRST > quite yet . 

My baby's daddy's , baby mama finally had < PROPFIRST>'s little sister tonight I am so excited . She started labor yesterday morning , I'm just to impatient for that . 
I learned a valuable lesson from myself , i should always go with my gut . My heart will lead me in the right direction , I just need to trust myself . 
TO ALL THE MEN ... I am not sure how we lost the meaning of friendship , but clearly we have . You are suppose to be my friend , So why do ALL of you need to make some comment to me about sleeping together . If you want to be friends cool , if you just want a conversation with my pussy I am not interested . So please back off . FYI : If we slept together in the past , there is a reason it was in the past . Thank you . 
I really hope that my life will start to settle down , and I will be able to get some down time . 
How can I sort all the horrible things going on to find a little good ? 
OK I ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . I DARE ... YOU ? 
All I want is to be able to let that one person in , to stop letting my fear get in the way . But what if I am right to be fearful , how can that help me in the end ? 
Happy birthday to me and my gemini love !!! 
So I am a week into my older age and I have discovered that lie just keeps getting harder , you don't make less mistakes they just hurt more and you are still the same old silly kid you always were . 
Things are starting to get better , my health will soon no longer be a wonder . 
Ready for the hard month of June to be over . I really hope July is better . 
When I wake up I try to remember no matter how bad yesterday was , today is a new day . 
Finally , I have found my peace . I thank god for blessing my life with so much greatness . I am out of my slump ! 
Everything is so up and down , back and forth . Everytime I think things are finally starting to get in order my whole world is turned upside down . 
I dropped my phone in the river today so I need < PROPFIRST > again 
God has seen you struggling ( with something ) . \ 
God says that's over . A blessing is coming your way . If you believe in \ 
God , repost this ! Please don't ignore , you are being tested . For it says\ 
in the Bible , \deny me infront of everyone 
Super excited for what the future holds , learned from the past can't wait to embrace the future . 
Well 20 plus < PROPMALE > hiking was worth it for the exercise and the experience !!! Had a blast . 
I'm trying to remember to take each day as it comes , but they come so fast I feel like I am under a month . 
So after a horrible slap across the face I am smiling and having a good time . 
Making the best of it . 
Had a fantastic day yesterday , life is getting better !!!! 
Had another fantastic day , all of this keeps me looking forward to tomorrow . 
A\ 
son will hold your hand for a little while , but he will hold your heart\ 
for alifetime . It's \Sons Week\ " - If you have a son ( or sons ) who hold \ 
Going out tonight with my Dirty D , < PROPFIRST > and my lovely sister < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait to have some very needed fun !!! 
Give me back my car . To the 1z who stole my car remember < PROPFEMALE > is a true thing . Everytime things get better a bigger rock hits me in the head . 
So one month down of 2011 great things to come this year ! 
Red Bull 
