My internet hasn't been working for like a month ! D8 Though , I've been reading a lot more and have a sizable amount of income now . Hmm ... 

wishes skype would work better where she's at . And that it weren't 109 degrees . :( 
My laptop is broken . 8 ( 
has a working computer now ! No internet , sure ! But boy howdy , is it sure a start ! 
I am in New Mexico . Everyone is selling chili peppers . 
I am in Texas . Every radio station is routinely telling me I am going to hell . 8 ( 
was trapped a whole week in < PROPFEMALE > town with no internet studying holistic medicine ! REALLY INTENSE , REALLY AWESOME and there were like a ton of cute baby cows 
has been srsly busy lately . Sorry if it seems like I'm ignoring any cool peeps such as you fellas . 8 ( 
I no longer play fishville . It was slowly destroying my soul , and I am sorry if you are wondering why I have not regifted you with a scubaduck or whatever by now . 
Does anyone else have a problem clicking hotlinks on facebook ? It never sends me off to the correct , normal URL , it just messes with it by adding a bunch of %%%%s and makes it impossible to remove them all . 
Men , \ 
woman , gentleman , ladies , and lumberjacks : thank you so much for the happy\ 
birthday wishes ! =D They all really made my day ! Seriously , thank you\ 
guys so much ! 
Defeated Job Background Check\ 
New Job Obtained\ 
500 EXP Obtained\ 
Learned Skill \Work With Adorable Children \"" 
I am currently looking for a artist to commission a company logo . It'd be about twenty bucks for a fairly simple one , and I'm not looking for anything absolutely intensely perfecly proffessional . If you're interested please just send me some samples of your work and I'll see if your style is what I'm looking for . =D 
My sister's school showed a screening of the movie 2012 to her and her classmates without informing any of their parents . She's in the fifth grade . WTF ? 
Strawberry Cat is now complete ! I'd like to thank the super cool lady < PROPFIRST > J . Labog for making the iconic logo that is sure to endear the cat themed vegan recipes to the mass market ! IT'S GONNA ROCK THIS TOWN , GONNA PAINT IT STRAWBERRY RED 
I am not 12 years old . : I 
FFXIV's release date has been announced . September 2010 . I am happy . 
I have never been more thankful for air conditioning in my entire life . 
Did anyone accidentally happen to click the FFXIV beta < PROPFEMALE > six months ago , sign up , post all their computer specs , get in , and then realize they had no one to give their invite to ? Because I can help you . Please . Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease . 
WHO'S UP FOR A ROUSING GAME OF ALIEN SWARM ?! IT IS FREE ON STEAM 
This is the best salad in the entire world . Every single one of you is missing out on something magical by not eating it this very second . 
It turns out I'm allergic to the dressing in the Best Salad Ever . My will to live has dropped several points on the 1 to 100 scale , let me tell you . 
I finally read We3 and oh my god , everything about it was amazing , and crushing , and perfect . I can't stop crying . 
I entered eight contests for the FFXIV beta , and had nine different accounts ( with different IP addresses for each ) but STILL didn't get a code . I am doooooooomed . 
Finished Mockingjay . Can a book with that many people\ 
exploding be considered appropriate reading for the YA market ? \ 
\ 
That aside , it's a wonderful series that gives you an interesting\ 
perspective of war , propaganda , politics , and how we glorify and\ 
dismiss violence like total jerks . A++++ Highly recommended . Would\ 
read again if I did not almost throw up once or twice . 
I am finally started watching < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Heroman again . \ 
AND IT IS BEAUTIFUL . 
Haha ~ !! I have overcome my slight health abnormality and have become as strong as ten mere mortal Ariels !! 
SOMEONE BROUGHT THEIR ADORABLE FLUFFY DOG TO CLASS . I GOT TO PET A DOG FOR THREE HOURS . IT WAS THE BEST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE . 
Ugggghhh ! How long am I going to keep getting sick for ?! D: 
Outer/inner ear infection slowly retreating ! I feel a million times better than I ever have !! 
I woke up yesterday to the dogs I'm dog-sitting trying to rip my cat apart . She was on the ground , on her back , and they were biting her as she completely freaked out . But apart from being shocked , she was amazingly almost completely unharmed . Why ? Because my own dog was fighting the four dogs attacking her , and literally pulling them back off of her . Scooter , you're the coolest < PROPFEMALE > dog ever . 
There should be a video game where Solid Snake makes peace with robotic technology by teaming up with Daft Punk to impress < PROPFEMALE > for her 11th birthday . 
It kind of feels like a lot of things are exploding right now . Like , geez , man . A lot went down today . 
I got a cool job working at a high class gym where every machine has a TV built into it . It's crazy , guys . 
The moment I realized I was not good at handling stress was the exact moment I was sitting in the middle of the < PROPMALE > hoping I would get eaten by coyotes . 
Eight pounds of mandarins for four dollars at orchards ! If you live there go go go ! 
I pity the fool who can not enjoy a delicious spinach salad such as this . 
