thinking about him ! 

going to Baltimore tomorrow !!! 
wondering what is in hold for the future 
wanting to be with him so bad , but i know it won't happen 
things just might be on the right track , feeling better than ever 
everything is just falling apart for me 
hope things stay good between us 
Can't wait to go to knoebles !!! Excited 
school tomorrow , excited and nervous 
homecoming game tonight !!! GO TIDE ! 
sick , and feel crappy 
finally a senior !!! class of 2011 baby ... :) 
going to see eclipse tomorrow !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > excited 
going to football game tonight ... GO TIDE !!!! senior year :) 
go tide !!! we won 43 to 24 ... < PROPFEMALE > happy !!! :) 
school shopping :) ready to start my senior year on tuesday !! 
school tomorrow , last first day of high school :) senior year !!! 
psychology homework :) best class ever !! 
off to bed ... goodnight :) 
I hide how I really feel because I don't wanna deal with it . 
birthday today , finally 18 :) 
ny jets !!!!!!! :) 
is the kind of girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken , the one that could always brighten up your day even when she couldn't brighten her own ... 
I like it on the kitchen table 
Smiling on the outside ; broken on the inside 
just got my permit :) hoping to get my license soon ... 
SAT's tomorrow !!!! got to get up bright and early :( 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in minority , and so much else , all for something they didnt ask for . Many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them that life will get better , & you respect them ... for who they are , copy & paste this . Most of you wont , but lets see the 5% of you who will 
WOOHOO , JETS WON !!!! :) ( 5-1 ) baby !! 
going to go see paranormal activity 2 :) 
college applications , < PROPFEMALE > stressful ... 
got acepted to LVC !!!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! :) 
New York jets !!! :) 
Harrisburg university of science and technology keeps emailing me to apply , because they really want me , but i just don't know if i should :( 
NEW YORK JETS !!!!! :) sooo happy we beat those patriots ... :) 
really just want to be done with trig !!! I can't stand it 
I'm telling myself I'll be ok , even on my weakest days .... 
Accepted to Alvernia University !!! :) 
ugh , my stomach is killing me :( 
committed to Alvernia University !!! :) 
blueberry ... 
My imagination is endless . Time is my energy . Freedom is who leads me . Love is my partner . Independence is my future . Loyalty is what I give . Destiny is my heart . 
