Happy new year , all !!! Phone don't work , so this'll have to do . :) 

Here we go 
Can barely keep eyes open ... so much work to do ... I'm just plainly beat in every way 
Got phone back with all my < PROPFIRST > erased . Send me your < PROPFIRST > , cause I can guarentee I pry don't have it now 
Bored , bored , bored . Work , work work . Tired , tired , tired . Repeat ... 
Life is done in steps ; if you run , you'll miss out . 
I feel ... incomplete ... everything just ... agrivates me so much . I don't know ... I don't know . 
Good day , good break , I'm happy so far ! (: 
If it doesn't break your heart It isn't love If it doesn't break your heart It's not enough It's when you're breaking down With your insides coming out That's when you find out what your heart is made of And you haven't lost me yet but No you haven't lost me yet I'll sing until my heart caves in No , you haven't lost me yet Cause you haven't lost me yet 
Eh ... I don't feel so good ... too much bleh to try and keep up with 
Eh ... I feel so foolish right now ... I think I might be sick from all this ... 
\This is your life ; Are you who you wanna be ? \"" 
Tour Friday . Excited , but feels rushed right now . 
Concert as a whole , pretty great ! Heck , even got an award ! Our performance within the concert , well ... I'm still kicking myself in the butt for . 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/holy_follower4 
I now have 4 books I'm working on at once , haha ! Good job < PROPFIRST > . Currently , I got my Warriors of Christ Series , romance novel : Kiss the Rain , mini-series : < PROPFEMALE > , and now a newer one , my graphic novel/superhero book : Red Mage . I'm gonna be busy for a while ! 
I wanna know ; can you show me ? I wanna know about these strangers like me ... 
Well , home from Disney Land . And I must say , that was the most amazing two nights of my life ! 
It's been a very busy , very stressful last few days , but i love every moment of it ! 
Contacts irritate me ... poking my eyes every time just to put them in or take them out ... my eyes are red now , lol 
I wept today ... because I know all of that was meant for you ... and you never got to hear it ... 
I decided today , out of utter randomness and jealousy from my sister thinking of this first , I decided to form my own super hero team . It's based off the Teen Titans , and is as follows : \ 
\ 
Robin/Nightwing : Myself ; Starfire : Tierney Baker ; Beast Boy : < PROPMALE > Hawley ; Raven : < PROPFEMALE > Block ; and Cyborg : ???. \ 
The position for Cyborg is open , but you need to be somewhat known by the rest of the group . And yes , I'm bored , lol 
Why can't you see what I see ... 
It's always something else , I swear , lol 
... Well that was unexpected O.o 
FInally going to go get my senior pics in an hour . And for some reason , I love wearing this tie , lol ! 
Just got done with Jekyle and Hyde auditions today , and I've gotta say , \ 
I haven't had so much fun in a long time . They were spontaneous , I got \ 
to yell , and I missed seeing all of the < PROPFEMALE > Bride cast , haha . \ 
Looking forward to call backs tomorrow ! 
Okay , just got done with first rehearsal , and I must say , that is the most creepy and morbid story I have I ever read ... and I absolutely love it ! ( No spoilers ! )\ 
Also , new song in choir with words in it I thought to be absolutely beautiful , but had no clue how to sing . So I looked it up , and to my surprise , there's a rendition from < PROPMALE > GROBAN ! HOLY COW ! Absolutely beautiful . \ 
Can't wait for choir retreat tomorrow ! 
... * sigh * it just isn't the same 
Any one taking Calc ? This homework and test are absolutely killing me ! 
* step * ... * step * ...... * step * ......... * step * ............ * faint * You never know which step will be your last , so make every one count more than the last . Keep your < PROPFEMALE > up high when you need to cry , turn the other cheek , pray for those who curse you , and humble yourself in need . Live each moment like your last , as if today was your last day . 
Tonight is gonna be great ! Now where are those parachute pants ... 
Haha ! Thank you all so much ! Today has been great , and now I say good night till tomorrow , hmhm 
Hey guys , if you got a message from me asking to open a photo link , do not open it . It's opens a link that sent 38 viruses to my computer then sent it forward to everyone else . I apologize for saying this late , it's taken me this long to get online again . 
I know I haven't posted in ages , but hey , I have a life , haha . So , choir concert coming up on March 8th . It's gonna be a really good one this time around , so if anyone is interested , you should come ! No money required . Also coming up on March 31st , April 1st and 2nd is the opening and closing nights of the musical Back to the 80's , which I am also in . More info to come the closer we get ! 
If today was your last day , and tomorrow was too late , what would you do differently ? 
I love the world of acting . You can fall in love , express enough anger for murder , and even die all in one show . It's a release you really can't find elsewhere :D 
