I am in search of a double stroller ( perferably Graco ) but will take what i can get if any one knows anybody trying to get rid of one 

\Mom can we watch < PROPFEMALE > and The Beast please \"" 
took Ash to her first swim lesson today ... it was awesome 
is wondering why Ashlynn will get all excited about going to the swimming pool and then not want to be there at all the second we get in the pool 
off to swim lessons 
Swim lessons went great today ... 
has a doc appt . today looking forward to finding out for sure when i get to meet Miss < PROPFEMALE > well that and have her stop beating me up from the inside ouch she is strong 
Unless < PROPFEMALE > changes our minds our girl will join us July 23rd at 7:30 am ... the count down is on 
doesn't normally pay attention but thinks that the number of high profile celebrity deaths that have happened this week is a little crazy 
just woke up from the best night sleep i have had in probably 3 months 
nap time for ash peace , quiet , and cleaning for mom yippie 
Happy 4th of July all be safe , bring on the bbq 
This year's 4th of July was very low key compared to what we are used to but awesome at the same time , all that couldn't make were truly missed 
ok made it past the 4th bring on labor ... anytime 
17 more days i don't know if i can wait , i am kind of bored of being pregnant 
16 days 
so Ashlynn looked at me today and said < PROPFEMALE > is coming soon mom Saturday is < PROPFEMALE>i's happy to you 
is feeling a little guilty i have no < PROPFEMALE > left for ashlynn today for some reason even without a nap she is running wild 
Has a dr appt . at 10:45 this morning please say something good i don't want to wait anymore 
according to the doc only at a 1 still on track for the 23rd 13 long days to go :) 
Ashlynn is dipping french fries in apple juice ... i have decided as long as there is no mess it isn't worth the fight 
i'm debating between taking a nap or cleaning ... 
has been having contraction every 20 minutes since 2:30 yesterday afternoon .. not enough to go to hospital but enough to make me miserable is hoping the doc moves the surgery date at today's appt . on the flip side really would like to be able to go to see 
a little frustrated ... went through hours and hours of contractions to have nothing change at all ... i am miserably pregnant next Thursday it is 
5 days , 22 hrs , 01 mins , 16 secs 
so much for best laid plans . water just broke on way to hospital will talk to you all soon 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Clark ... born at 4:43 am ... 20 inches long ... 9 pounds 6 ounces .... holy cow !!! pics soon to come 
is wishing her nurse would come check her out so she can go visit < PROPFEMALE > in NICU ... no worries she seems to be doing great was having issues with the blood sugar 
if < PROPFEMALE > manages to keep her food down tonight they will start weaning her off of her iv meds to determine wether she can maintain her blood suger on her own ... please keep her in your thoughts 
is having a good day ... it sounds like the baby and i will both be going home together tomorrow 
i am super glad to be home , i wish < PROPFEMALE > was home with us though thank you guys for all your thoughts and prayers 
feels like every time she turns around her house is dirtier i truly think the mess reproduces worse than rabbits i can't seem to keep it clean 
Can't wait until i can start excercising again ... as soon as it starts cooling off i am going to start taking my girls for walks :) 
adores little < PROPFEMALE > alarm clock you can get so much done in the am's when you get up at 5 
so i am not complaining at all ... it comes with the territory right , < PROPFEMALE > has been awake since 1:30 am < PROPFIRST > took her until four thank you babe now i have her and Ash wants to get up as well now i used to get up at 3 every morning so this wouldn't be a probl 
So i have a horrible fast food addiction ... well today Ashlynn was riding in the car with me while i was going through a < PROPMALE > taco drive through well i ordered and pulled forward , looked at Ash and said i love you , Ash looks back at me and says in a very i am ordering food voice i want a quesadilla and french fries and chicken huggets and and french fries Thank You ! Maybe i should cut down 
killer bunnies man all the cool kids are doing it ( lol ) 
i need a job ... i can start working at the beginning of next month 
just walked around the block twice with the girls ... doesn't sound like far but i have to start small my surgery was only 3 weeks ... i feel great 
in going to attempt some sleep .. hopefully girl(s ) will sleep until 6 
is sooooo sick today not sure if it is a stomach bug or food poisoning 
Looking forward to a night out with the girls going to see < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > 
went to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > was cute movie got home around 9:30 and put Ash to bed , < PROPFEMALE > finally went to sleep around 11 and stayed asleep until after 5 woke up long enough to drink a couple ounces and went back to sleep ... great night 
is now realizing how stupid it is to stay up until 2 in the morning playing killer bunnies when i have a new born i am having a hard time keeping my eyes open 
i have spent the last three evenings with friends and family and though i am very tired i wouldn't trade a minute of it thanks guys for the fun i love you 
kids are sleeping 1/2 hour of house straightening and i am off to bed also good night all have a great week 
Very mellow b-day had dinner(so yummy ) with the parents and < PROPMALE > with Ash and < PROPFEMALE > to bad < PROPFIRST > had to work really missed him thanks to all you who wished it to be a happy day it definitely was 
Hates the lack of honest people in the world ... lost my wallet at target last night with id/debit card/credit card/insurance cards ... and so on and so on well turns out that who ever found it went on a walmart shopping spree with me credit card and so now i get to file police reports and spend the day at the dmv and what not .... grrrr 
3 hours at the dmv today just to be told i will get my license in the mail with in ten days 
I love being able to sleep in ... The girls didn't wake me up today yippie , they were both sound asleep when i woke up at 7:40 ... today is going to be great i can tell , rainy weather , cute kids , the only plan is to clean my room 
Hope everyone's first day of school is great :) wish the kids good luck 
Running errands this morning , cleaning this afternoon , and playing games with friends this afternoon today has great prospects ... hope it is good for you guys as well 
Ashlynn comes out to me crying yesterday with her finger shoved to into the back of her mouth when i ask if she is ok she tells me no her teeth are coming ... molars are not nice 
Had an awesome weekend with the in laws can't wait to do it again 
so don't get me wrong i hate the smoke just as much as every one else ... but it did make for a beautiful sunset i only wish i had my camera with me 
taught ashlynn the wonderful world that is dipping french fries in ice cream ohhh yummy 
Both of the girls have been wide awake since 4:30 it is going to be a long day 
Have a great day all 
Had a tooth pulled today and is feeling a little yucky :( 
< PROPFEMALE > went swimming for the first time today and i didn't get pictures bad mommy 
Bath time for the kids and then i think i am going to read tonight and stay away from the computer so have a wonderful evening all 
Ashlynn just tucked < PROPFEMALE > in to bed kissed her on the head and said \sweet dreams sister \"" 
is hating that < PROPFIRST>'s weekend is already over and that today started another week of missing him , yet i have spent the last couple days with some great friends that i don't get to see nearly enough ... had pictures of < PROPFEMALE > taken that i can't wait to share ... all i have to say is porcelain doll , i am hoping the up coming week will give you all every thing you wish for , as for me i am potty training the 2 year old 
time to do laundry and clean the house i will talk to you all later 
is a little frustrated right now ... needs some faith things will work out ... not sure how they will yet though 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick :( and is having a super hard time eating or even getting comfortable because of it on top of taking care of sick baby i have some cleaning i have been putting off for three days now that i have to get done before i go crazy hopefully Ashlynn will be ok with a movie day 
Sick < PROPFEMALE > turns me into a helpless out of control mess , she is so miserable and so congested that it is making her little face puffy and sad she just cries and cries i finally have her to sleep now hopefully it will last a little while she needs her rest to be able to get better time for me to sleep as well good night friends 
Facebook friends we need some help we are looking for a rental property in Henderson for under $800 a month with at least 2 bedrooms , if you know anybody who has something available the help would me most appreciated 
on my hands and knees scrubbing floors today anybody want to join me :) lol ... i love the smell of pinesol 
I can't believe how nasty my floor actually was i Swiffer wet jet it once a week at least and scrubbing it with a scrub brush and some pine < PROPFIRST > made me feel ashamed that i even let my kid play on that floor 
If you are reading this , and even if we don't chat that often , please write ( below ) , one single , unique word that would describe me according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph , as I did , on your status ... you might be surprised to read the responses and how people think of you !! 
So i asked Ashlynn to get her jammies and bring them to me she brought out her two favorite night gowns ( disney < PROPFEMALE > es and strawberries ) She wanted to wear the < PROPFEMALE > ones and asked if < PROPFEMALE > could wear the Strawberry one i put the Strawberry nightgown on < PROPFEMALE > and Ashlynn said she is soooo beautiful 
If ya like it then you should have put a ring on it 
having friends over in a little while need to get some stuff done have a good evening facebook friends ... yummy meatloaf 
Doctor's Apt today Abiail --- 11 lbs 2 oz 22 1/2 inches no shots double ear infections 
taking a short break from packing and cleaning ... fun stuff probably should find a place to go first 
peace and quiet is so wonderful time to get cleaned up so i can slip into a deep sleep sweet dreams all 
So < PROPFEMALE > Hubby is actually home tonight for dinner what should i make hmmm . any ideas 
I have been awake since 3:30 i really should have more done then i do , other than that < PROPFEMALE>'s cold/ear infections have finally caught up with the family and I think Ash is now got them and i can feel the cold coming on 
so many fun things this weekend ... shakespear , are in the park , beautiful weather in general and we are going to miss out because the girls are i are sick :( 
fun times both my girls are on anitbiotics now ... 
ready to pull my hair out ... joe left for work at 3:30 and i swear that for one reason or another since at least on of my kids has been crying if not both 
So i just got a phone call and when I answered , the person on the other end asked if he could talk to my mom or dad , I said i am the mom and he said man you sound 13 ... I should be happy about this but to tell you the truth i have gone through almost 10 years of being mistaken for a child am I ever going to grow up 
both the girls are in bed already to bad Ash is there because she was in trouble ... she is testing me right now and i am going crazy ... god give me < PROPFEMALE > ... 
nap time now ... killer bunnies later , love you all 
i need boxes many boxes all sizes please let me know if you can help 
little < PROPFEMALE > has slept through the night now 3 nights in a row 9pm to 4:30 am last night ... yippie 
I admit i should be sleeping but i am going to clean and pack while the kids are sleeping and hubby is at work ... i like things done my way 
got some packing done the cleaning didn't happen at all , diaper boxes don't hold very much at all but it keeps things from weighing a ton going to bed 
Bless Ashlynn's little heart she just climbed up on my couch to look out the window and then proclaimed it was a \beautiful day \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting so big she just helped me fold the laundry , she hid under the towels and she tried on one of daddy's shirts too fun 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Christopher(who looks just like his dad ) is here playing with Ashlynn ( who is my mini me ) i swear that had < PROPFIRST > and i known each other as toddlers we would have looked just like them it is so fun to watch 
I hate packing and decided what goes to storage and what stays out not to mention trying to find time to pack with a two year old and a 3 month old in the home Ashlynn is getting into everything 
Have a great day all i really need to get off of this addiction/bad habit i have 
it has been such a long day < PROPFEMALE > got shots yesterday and she is just miserable today 
So it is 1:30 am and Ashlynn is crying so I check on her , she is sitting straight up on her bed with a terrified look on her face I ask what is wrong and she says “I have to see sister right now” so she runs into my room and looks at < PROPFEMALE > who is sleeping soundly in her cradle and Ashlynn looks up at me and goes “oh no help her she is going to tip over” 
teething already ... i feel like < PROPFEMALE > is on fast forward 
Ashlynn has finally decided that eating is a good thing and now i have not been able to get her to stop last night i watched her eat more in one sitting then i have ever seen her eat 
i have the creepy crawlies i was moving boxes in my garage and just found this huge very alive black widow now i feel like there is stuff all over me ick 
moving sucks ... missed you all , hows it going ? 
i really am a morning person but 4 am is just plain not fun farmville and then bed 
Happy Halloween you all be safe tonight 
Ashlynn --- can now spell her name , has the attitude of a 16 year old , and dear goodness is still not potty trained 
Abigail --- has at least 2 teeth coming in , started on rice cereal in her bottles , and can sit up on her own for about 4 seconds at a time ( cures for constipation are welcome having huge issues and i feel like i have tried everything ) 
Me --- is looking for a job , wants to buy a house in the near future , is thinking about going back to school , and adores her hubby and daughters 
Joe --- would like to be on a golf course , work work and more work , and is stoked about the upgraded computer 
Today's game .... HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends !!! **** PLEASE participate ! this should be hilarious 
does any one on here know about having an infant tested for diabetes , for a number of reasons i am concerened about < PROPFEMALE > and plan on having her tested at her next doctor's appt . but would kind of like to prepare myself for what to expect 
so i am on facebook right now just because < PROPFIRST > told me no ! 
Ashlynn has no fear of strangers ... very scary when spending the afternoon at the park 
I am thankful for the place we are staying right now ... i don't think i say it enough 
I made my daddy cry tonight by surprising him with a birthday cake and card pics soon not as fancy of a cake as some of you make but not bad for some one with little cake decorating talent 
I am thankful for the first smile of the day i get from my girls it is so rewarding to feel the genuine love after a good nights rest better then coffee in the morning 
i feel like my life has been reduced to analyzing the consistansy of my daughters poop i really need to find an activity that i can do for me 
Ashlynn went to her first hockey game tonight it was really fun thank you aunt redd 
why do people in my neighbor hood insist on setting off fireworks in the middle of the night in november what the heck 
Today my thankful thoughts are centered around my mom who is an honest voice , a caring ear , an amazing friend , and total and complete unconditional love with out her i would not be the woman i am today 
i am thankful for little girls with ful bellies ... Abigail has an insatiable appitie so i have started spoon feeding her cereal it keeps her happy a little longer , hopefully her Dr. appt tomorrow will bring me some answers and comfort 
i love that even though Ashlynn knows that hearts are called hearts when ever she seems them she calls them \loves\ " it always seems like such an innocent and pure sentiment to me " 
< PROPFEMALE > is kicking me off of facebook because he is somewhat alert .. see what happens when you let a computer geek into your life 
have a great night all i am going to clean my room and then get some sleep :) 
oh no my tummy is yucky it better get better i want to EAT tomorrow ... hope you all have a wonderful holiday enjoy your family and be thankful for all you have even with all the uglyness in the world right now we are very lucky people 
why is it that adults seem to be on their worst behavior during the holiday season , can we please get past all of the consumerism that is behind the holidays and remember what the holiday is all about rudeness is seriously killing christmas for me 
I am such a GLEEK :) 
I love it when the simple things in life mean the most , today we gave Ashlynn a new toothbrush and she got all excited and said \thank you so much my toothbrush i very very much love it \"" 
the last two days have been full of me making fudge , peppermint bark , rice crispie treats , lemon bars , scotcheroos , peanut butter blossoms , thumbprint cookies , oatmeal raisin cookies , only a couple more things left to make 
All mommy wants for christmas is < PROPFEMALE>'s two front teeth 
in classic < PROPMALE > tradition i broke a chair today :) 
So Ashlynn has now discovered that if she brings her stuff into my bedroom , there is more space in her room to make messes , why did < PROPFEMALE > bring her so many new things come on she was 2 for the whole second half of the year how did she not end up on the naughty list ... i bet you it was that whole smile and bat your eye lashes thing grrr ! 
2 1/2 days worth of busy signals and 1 hour and 45 minutes on hold finally aloud me to talk to a person at unemployment to fix a problem that should never have been a problem 
I have a double stoller now ( Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) i am so looking ofrwqard on going for < PROPFEMALE > walks with my girls 
Why have i lost my ability to be a morning person , i used to bounce out of bed so easily and was completely ready for what ever was going to face me now i can not get to bed at night and mornings are the enemy time to start setting the alarm again i hate letting the kids be my alarm clock i feel like i am wasting have the day sleeping yuck 
so i am baking cupcakes for my mom's b-day and was singing zippity doo dah , Ash joined in and changed the lyrics i like hers more ... zippity doo dah zippity ay smile smile its a wonderful day 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree 
~ THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING . Lets see how brave my friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 10 brave friends who will do this ? 
Ashlynn won't eat Lasagna but loves \noodle pizzza\ " i do what ever it takes she is such a picky eater " 
Holy Moly I can believe < PROPFEMALE > is six months old it came so fast , a part of me is looking forward to her crawling and part of me loves the fact she still needs me to get around ... who am i kidding i can't wait until i have two little squealing girls running around here laughing like crazy 
Ashlynn is going to marry Alladin i will give more information about the wedding when i know more ... 2 going on 21 goodness gracious 
the girls and i have gone on two mile walks the last two days , today i am going to skip the walk and excerise at home , i am feeling good though 
It is bad enough have two kids i daipers , how did i manage to have sycronized poopers good gosh , i can't wait until Ash finally masters using the toilet 
If you have a sister who is your best friend & has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin . Copy and paste this to your status . ? The world would not be the same without our sisters !!!! ? 
It's Doppelgänger week .. during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like ... be sure to post this as your status 
If you believe your Daughters are amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and send them a hug ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is now 17 lbs and 26 1/2 inches and has started army crawling where is her pause button ? 
just got off the phone with poison control , man i hate growth spurts she couldn't reach the self two days ago all of a sudden today she is getting everything off of it 
Needs a girls night bad ... life is feeling a little stagnant 
not feeling right today and not sure why ... going to attempt to take a nap talk to you all later 
Rainy Day+Sick Kids = icky saturday ... 
My Hubby doesn't know it yet but he has decided to give me a day off during his up coming 3 day weekend 
2 bricks , 1 harness , 3 horseshoes , and 4 nails please 
Barnes and < PROPMALE > on < PROPFEMALE > does a story time every tuesday at 11:00 it was a little crowded but very nice 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your Profile Picture to one of you and your spouse/significant other . And make sure to tell how long you've been together . Together almost 6 married almost 4 
Sick ... I Hate it when < PROPFIRST > brings nasty colds home from work , I can't wait for nap time 
OMG ! How much snot can a 7 month olds sinus canals hold ? YUCK ! 
I am on the verge of duck taping ash to the toilet until she gets it 
This week is ' First Child Appreciation Week ' : Post a photo of your oldest child as your profile picture . Let's show how much we appreciate the first-born kids in our families for all they go through and all they do ! Copy this and comment with name and age 
I need suggestions on good toddler age books about Dragons , Ashlynn is begging for a book about Dragons ... 
Bingo with besties was way to much fun , I must say i hate Wyoming :( 
~ borrowing a friends status for the day Just seems mreally relevent right now : Everything happens for a reason ; People change so you learn to let go , Things go wrong so you appreciate when things go right , You hear lies to learn to trust yourself & Good things fall apart so that better things can fall into place ... 
Story time 11am at Barnes & Nobel on < PROPFEMALE > 
I now need a step ladder to get < PROPFEMALE>'s out of her crip , but she can stand up all she wants 
No more Cardiologist visits for < PROPFEMALE > she is all mended yippie 
I have a bag of girls baby clothes sizes newborn to 6 monthes some are pretty used others look brand new if you are interested or know somebody who would like them let me know 
is one lucky girl , I had to go on a oh poop we are out of diapers run tonight and when i got back both girls we in jammies and ready for bed Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > you are the best 
Size matters not . Look at me . Judge me by my size , do you ? Hmm ? Hmm . And well you should not . For my ally is the Force , and a powerful ally it is . 
Father in Law is not home and hubby and girls are sleeping , I think a good book and the couch seems like a fabulous idea have a great after noon face book friends 
To much Easter < PROPFEMALE > makes for a sick Ashlynn and a mommy who gets to spend her morning washing bedding 
Needs a job , help please 
\okay mom I guess I will play with you\ " she is only 2 my feelings are bruised a little " 
How do I get her to stop going #2 in her underwear she other wise is completely potty trained even at nap and bed time 
So Ashlynn's terrible twos started at 1 1/2 and ended at about 26 months now that she is close to 3 she has discovered whining and sassing , god help us both 
Is it really already warm enough that you have to turn the air on in your car before you put your kids in 
Just set up pack and play in my room for a sick < PROPFEMALE > could make for a long night 
Excuse my language but her f'ing teeth need to come in pour girl is miserable and now I am worried about dehydration ugh , well better catch sleep while I can 
Had to leave the parade early with a puke covered baby not sure what to do for her 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps giving my the why aren't you helping me look , I feel so helpless 
At ER with < PROPFEMALE > for dehydration 
Home now and < PROPFEMALE > is resting after being poked and prodded what a trooper , goals now are to keep pushing fluids and keep her blood sugar up 
I viral infection in her intestines has led to 4 days of intense puking and diahrrea caused < PROPFEMALE > dehydration which to our dismay took 2 trips to the ER to help 
I have a job interview this afternoon , sounds promising keep fingers crossed please 
Really hoping I got the job will find out more tomorrow 
2nd interview @ 10am man this feels good 
Still no for sure yes on the job but was asked if I could start as early as tomorrow so I am feeling confident 
I am impatient , hurry an answer would be nice ... on another note why oh why is < PROPFEMALE > still so sick 
no news isn't always good news , trying not to loose hope 
Not sure what happened but I didn't get the job . 
Please all any leads on jobs are most definitely appreciated 
What a nasty alarm clock , been awake for well over an hour hoping sleep comes soon 
Ash woke up with a fever of 102.5 this morning ( down now ) , < PROPFEMALE > is doing better thank goodness and for the first time in a week I did not have to wash laundry , 
It is 4am and < PROPFEMALE > is trying to order a movie on demand 
Going back ti sleep hopefully I can get a couple more hours 
Had a horrible night if < PROPFEMALE > was not crying Ash was and then at 2:30 < PROPFEMALE > spiked a fever of 102.8 , My poor kids need to get better 
traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags , cute sports cars for SUV's and AWESOME shoes for flip flops . I LOVE MY KIDS and wouldn't change a thing !! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mom's repost this because great moms will always give up things for our kids 
Finally got a good night sleep 
Our Monday is almost over only 3 days left until our weekend 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > just tipped over head first into the toy box , I had a really hard time not laughing 
Life is back to normal 
Sleep gods I need your help tonight please make my eyelids heavy and my brain shut off 
I love Monday nights 
Coming up on my 4th mother's day let's see what < PROPFIRST > pulls off this year 
Really appreciate that the makers of Tylenol and Motrin are responsible and volunteered to recall their products on the basis of quality control , but why now ? I think that i have only had 4 healthy days with my kids since April 16th between , stomach flu's , allergies , and all the fun symptoms that go along with trying to cut 6 teeth at one time ... I AM OVER IT !!! 
Ash took the scissors to her hair resulting in a trip to the salon pictures to follow 
So I am outside changing the air filter in my < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > comes out in true < PROPFIRST > fashion and goes \are you done breaking your < PROPFIRST > yet \"" 
I hope everyone is having a fabulous Mother's Day 
Does any one out there embroider or know of a place where i can get it done at 
Mondays are always fun 
Went with the hubby to see the Iron Man flick so nice to get a date night 
Sometimes I feel like I sound like a murloc without even trying it is kind of embarrassing 
Crash lives up to her name once again , hoping she just twisted her leg and did not break it again 
Ashlynn has to stay off her leg until at least Monday afternoon looks like lots of stories , coloring , and movies this weekend 
Not sure my fat bumb could take it but I really want to go camping and hiking 
Cutest thing I have seen in a while , < PROPFIRST > rocking out to the Oakridge Boys 
2 is my limit how pathetic 
< PROPFIRST > just classified himself as a \Macho Geek\ " does anyone else find this funny " 
Letters to < PROPFEMALE > 
Didn't realize how bad I needed a girls night until I got out THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > I had a blast 
Things have got to change 
In our way to \the airplane port\ " to pick up grandma and grandpa " 
Laundry day , not to much else going on , though I have decided to keep track of how many times a day \crash\ " gets hurt " 
Took the girls to the indoor pool today man < PROPFEMALE > is a little fish Ash could be if she would just relax 
Oh please tell me that this bout of long nights , nausea , Snotty noses , and fit throwing finally means that < PROPFEMALE > is going to cut teeth 
Should not be left alone with party decorations late at night , 
Happy Birthday Ashlynn 
I have to admit i can't get enough of hearing how much Ashlynn is my mini me , I just adore that little girl 
Was fully entertained this morning listening to the world cup announcer , the took the girls swimming great day so far 
< PROPFEMALE > officially took her first steps before she cut het first tooth 
Willful 3 year old and sick infant equals really long days 
Go USA 
At the park with the girls then a little soccer ... go USA 
Spades 
Needs prayers and assistance in finding a job by the end of July 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are in the back of our truck , < PROPFEMALE > is sleeping through all of the fireworks 
Oh where oh where are my little girls teeth , oh where oh where can they be she wll be a year in just 9 days and still she doesn't have any 
Hoping to re-enter the working world soon 
Has a job interview today and another Friday ... keeping my fingers crossed 
Like this and I'll tell you what 1 . I like , 2 . I dislike , 3 . I love , 4 . first Impression , and 5 . a confession of you . 
On way to third interview this week , please oh please something happen fast 
Slept like poop last night and very busy day today with no Naps on the horizon 
My baby is one today , it is a good thing you can gum cake 
Flower cupcakes , forward facing carseat , new toys , and oh my she took a lot of independent steps today I would have to say < PROPFEMALE > had a great birthday , 
Doc said < PROPFEMALE > looks great 20lbs 29 inches 4 shots 
After shot fevers suck , she doesn't feel good at all and she keeps waken up 
Is at work , surprised how much I missed it , totally missing my girls though 
Granted it is a temp position through Apple one but at least for a little while I will be working with anthem forensics 
I used to go to bed at 10 and get up at three , today when my alarm went off I could have cried 
Have a great Monday all 
The icky thing about temp postitions is they are temporary ah well something else will come around soon enough 
Fun times with the sis-in-law love you Ang 
How many of us\ 
really know everyone on our fb friend list ?? Here's a task for you , I\ 
want all my fb friends to comment on this status how you met me . 
Girls asleep , and hubby in bed , can't beet curling up with a good book so peaceful 
< PROPFEMALE > is chasing Ash all over the house , I am loving that she is on the go now 
Gotta love calling unemployment o am caller 59 
Still on hold 
Do chickens even have lips ? 
I am packing my bags and moving to Pluckmuckel 
Job interview tomorrow , keeping fingers crossed this one is temp to perm if I get it 
No on today job but I have another interview tomorrow 
BBQ and Bowling tonight ... definitely in for good times Yippie 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes I am feeling like a very special girl 
By far one of the best birthdays I have had in a while thank you every single one of you for making it that way going to sleep with a huge smile tonight :) 
In ten hours my gorgeous hubby will start his vacation , I can't wait to get some quality family time in 
Nothing ruins a great night like a three year old that doesn't knock 
a little freaked out , will feel better when i have more answers ... all i know is life is going to get interesting and we are bringing kids along for the ride 
Why is it that even as an adult and a parent talking to my parents is sometimes the hardest thing to do ? 
I finished Deathspank today and will always have found memories of Pluckmuckel ... 
Hot out of the oven banana bread , YUM 
Life's adventures seem better when you jump with both feet and leave fear behind , I am still trying to muster the strength to do this 
just went on a great walk now on my way to bed 
Wow I am having an insomnia fit , 
Really want to hug my hubby and talk his ear off 
Discovered a store called the Hobby Lobby it is a huge combination of joanns and pier 1 , good thing we are broke or this store would bankrupt us 
Grrr , gruff , and ugh my frustration level is peaking ... close eyes and breath ... nope didn't work , maybe sleep will be best 
Thinking about relocating , where in the world should we go ? 
we have a matching crib , dresser and changing table we would like to sell , they are that < PROPFEMALE > color , the dresser is 4 drawer and the changing table has 3 normal drawers a small drawer and a cupboard i have a mattress and a changing table pad to go with also 
we also have the fisher price rainforest high chair With tree toy , the swing and the bouncer if anybody is interested please let me know 
Rough day to start job , but I am a working woman again so going to hit the caffeine and suck it up 
we\ 
have a matching crib , dresser and changing table we would like to sell , \ 
they are that < PROPFEMALE > color , the dresser is 4 drawer and the changing \ 
table has 3 normal drawers a small drawer and a cupboard i have a \ 
mattress and a changing table pad to go with also 
also have the fisher price rainforest high chair With tree toy , the \ 
swing and the bouncer if anybody is interested please let me know 
Needs daycare for my girls Friday only does anyone know of anywhere that does drop ins 
15 months today and < PROPFEMALE > finally has a tooth breaking through her gums , 
It's Mommy Week ! Post the Date You Became a Mom ! \ 
\ 
Ashlynn ~ June 13 , 2007\ 
Abigail ~ July 20 , 2009 
Little shop of horrors 
Wow , it's been a while how is every one ? Work is good , not permanent but settling in , Ashlynn has the memory of an elephant and censorship is more important , < PROPFEMALE > has 2 teeth and runs everywhere she is starting to spout words here and there and definately uses her attitude , < PROPFIRST > stepped up his daddy duties and is doing a dang good job with outings like bowling , story time , an even the lunches with mommy . 
Wishes < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > would sneak up on her 
Wishes she was at home with a good book infront of the fireplace , drowning at work today 
So upset I am looking at my comp screen and all is blurring together 
Had a bad day , took it out on my best friend who truly did not have anything to do with my mood , now trying to push the negative away I am watching the planes 
Bad day got worse went to leave the airport and my battery was dead , my white knight < PROPFIRST > rescued us 
Suddenly < PROPMALE > , is standing beside me 
Had a great night with the hubby and his co-workers 
I can't wait until 3am when < PROPFIRST > gets home and gives me big sloppy kisses ... man I am in love with that boy 
Our sweet Ashlynn has discovered crying during movies , toy story 3 turns her into a emotional pool of tears 
Wow , I feel like crap < PROPFEMALE > threw her head back full force into my face nearly knocking me out thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your help 
I'm alive , awake , alert , enthusiastic 
Missing work for sick kids 
Thrown up already , nervous as all heck , interviews today and tomorrow ... praying I become a permanent employee of FirstComp Insurance 
2 interviews and a written test down , video conference tomorrow , hopefully good news soon 
A female puppy wandered into our yard near center and warmsprings in Henderson this afternoon wearing a pink shirt with hearts on it see pictures 
After 3 interviews with the company I have been temping for for 5 months i was called it today and told sorry we dont need you for that position and that my temping services would no longer be needed after friday ... Thank goodness for appleone I am starting a new short term temp job on Monday 
Sucking at bowling maybe because I am sober ... ahwell 
Should be sleeping ... please shut off brain 
Thanks FirstComp I think I must < PROPFEMALE > blame at you for my new hatred of paper ... 
Went from a paperless office to one were I am filing out state forms by hand , I miss my computer 
We get to start moving stuff into the house this weekend , I am < PROPFEMALE > excited 
MOVING WEEK ! 
Heart broken lost the stone out of my wedding set , no clue when or where it happened 
First night at our house ... 
