Great Night ! 

food in Ibiza is questionable ! and \american\ " food in the Ibiza airport is down right garbage ! going to claim jumpers when i get home ! " 
VALE !!!!! la nueva palabra de el < PROPFEMALE > ! ( el mismo de < PROPFIRST >!) 
To the louvre ! 
is workin it yeaaaaaaaa !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > and Janalle are insane ! I'm getting ready to go to sleep ! Never leave your facebook active in around girls ! 
stuck in london for 10 hrs ! 
In Chicago ! 
Going to have the house to myself for two weeks ! Chea ! 
Hope everyone had fun at the party ! And the lake ! 
GRG 
What is your favorite store/boutique to shop at ? and why ? I'm not talking about a department store like Macys or Nordstrom ... but stores like : < PROPFIRST > Vuitton , Up Against the Wall , Chrome Hearts , True Religion , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , True , etc . 
scratch that ! I think hot import nights is next weekend . 
making up a convention session tomorrow ! 
YEEESSSSSSSSS ! pizza has been delivered ! 
just downloaded some of the new < PROPMALE > ! WOW ! 
is sleepy ! 
feeling gooooood ! at D-boys ! 
You ain't gone tie me down ! 
considering coming out of retirement ... 
474 ! 
does anyone know how to implement a shopping cart on a web < PROPFEMALE > ? could really use the help ! 
Who is Buffon ? 
love how everyones update is about the weather !... Hope Tahoe is getting a few inches ! 
thinking about the bed ! 
not really feeling the morning ! 
Trying to hit up the snowboarding expo in the city today ! 
Bored ! 
attempting to finish up a talk . 
LA bound ! 
Feels good to be home ! 
time to get back to the gym ! 
Work has slowed for the winter season ! I'm enjoying the bum lifestyle ! Wake up , go to the gym at 6 , come home around 8 , eat breakfast , shower , get back in bed ! 
claim jumper ! 
Audio Push ! 
in a few days i'll officially be old ( relatively) ! i still remember kindergarten ! 
searching craigslist for a spot in tahoe . 
i think i'm done with this quiz crap ! just took a quiz and it automatically sent to whom ever it chose in my friends list . 
Just got back from Tahoe . Had a good time . Met some cool people . 
Let the countdown to Whistler begin ! 
someone texted me about a resellers permit today . but i swapped phones and lost the message . hit me up again if it was you . thanks 
Interesting night ! 
Tahoe is probably beautiful right about now ! 
Hey people my phone will be off for the next week or so . If you need to reach me for some reason i will be checking my facebook from time to time . 
Home tomorrow ... after one of the best trips i've taken in a while ... i will miss canada ! 
Home again , and will be gone again tomorrow ! Gotta love it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > will be missed ! 
Kirkwood ! 
I'M HUNGRY ! 
no work ... might as well hit < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just got back from Tahoe , and I'm already anxious to travel again ! I don't know if i'll ever be able to kick the habit ! 
if i offered you $ 1,000,000 today on the spot , or an investment account with a starting balance of $0.01 , but doubled in value everyday for the next 30 days which would you take ? 
gotta love extreme pizza ! 
What am I doin !? Oh yea that's right I'm doin me ! 
I want a decent cup of coffee ! 
BURNT OUT ON FACEBOOK ! but can't break the habit ! oh well ..... 
first day back at the gym after a 3 week hiatus is always the hardest ! 
This rain is messing with my money ! 
\I better find yo lovin ! \"" 
Just saw a beautiful blue and white stripe GT 500 on the richmond parkway ! Almost shed a tear ! Who the heck needs new school !? 
Good morning all ! 
Learned how to sample today ! I'm juiced ! 
First weekend in a long time where I pretty much stayed home ... I have to say I kinda loved it ! Let's try for a repeat ! 
Hey guys I'm selling various 1987-92 supra parts , as well as one 87 turbo targa top rolling chassis ( no engine , transmission , stripped . ) I do however have an NA complete engine , ECU , and w58 transmission up for grabs . If you're interested in any parts , or know someone who might be , hit me up . 
Another Friday at home , and got down to business ! Things are looking up ! 
I want to be on the cover of Forbes magazine ! 
canada bound ! 
Last night talked a little too much in Spanish ! And thought I lost my glasses !... Still loving vancouver , and the people out here ! The Bay has competition ! 
Seat 1A , F-Cabin , first off the plane ... feels pretty good to be home . 
Listening to Temper Trap and < PROPFIRST > Sharpe in preparation for Outside Lands . I want to recognize more than just Kings of < PROPFIRST > ! 
On the road to Washington . 
Feels good to be home . 
hey guys apparently someone hacked one of my email accounts . so if u get an email from kwamekgregory@hotmail.com do not open it ! 
interesting weekend ... 
thinking about watching inception this friday ... 
Bumping < PROPFEMALE > holding you down ( circles ) @ 2am 
Looking forward to winter ! 
gonna miss the girls ! 
Want something off 4wheelparts.com, or tires send me a message . 
burnt out on 24hr fitness ! especially hilltop ! in desperate need of a new gym ! taking sponsors for club sport ! anything helps ... thanks . 
Paving in what I heard is supposed to be 106 degree weather ... This should be fun ! I thought we got away from africa ...? 
might be sun burnt for maybe the second time in my life ... 
In love with a 918 spyder ! 
RIGHT ABOVE IT ! 
PLEASE TELL ME IT'S A JOKE ! I'll laugh I promise ! 
then there were two ... 
Pouring some out for the homie ... 
So it was all in < PROPFIRST>'s hands ! Not sure if we're calling this a failure or success ...? 
< PROPFIRST > got next ! 
Enjoying being my own boss ! If only every job were like this ! 
SLEEPY ! 
\A\ " students work for \ " B\ " students at companies owned by \ " C\ " students . While \ " D\ " and \ " F\ " students drop multi million dollar music albums . " 
\rap song\ " or \ " what's my name\ " u pick i'm on em both ! " 
vibing to beats by Kwam ! 
U can bet that , never gotta sweat that ! 
Interpol !? Why not ? 
dark fantasy , all of the lights , sky might fall , FIRE !? 
always sleepy ... 
in need of caffeine ! 
Ready for another international vacay ! 
Wish I would've bought way more AAPL ! Got a 60% return ! 
I am Batman and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is my < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFIRST > is trippin ! 
Would love to be in Monaco May 26th - 29th ! 
So car trouble on the way to LA is always fun ! Especially before u get to the grape vine !... made it anyway . I may need to get my party on and unwind !... Anybody want to buy a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Loving this weather ! It's probably dumping in tahoe ! Can't wait for christmas weekend ! 
I officially will never try and go to Barcode again . If there's ever anything going on there count me out ! 
#26 feels like we're getting closer daily ! and I'm loving it . hit me up anytime u want to talk u know my number ! 
#69 I still got more gigs , vocals , and game than u lol . jk . love u for life ! take care of that baby ! gotta kick sometime . 
#777 love ur style , yes u're one of the best dressed chicks I know . ur fam is off the hook ! have had some good times lately , hope to have many more . we should talk more often ! see u weekend after this one ! splits maybe ? lol 
#55 / #100 never really got the < PROPMALE > to get to know u well , but from the few times we've < PROPMALE > out u seem pretty cool . maybe we'll kick it in the future . 
Really am burnt out on the club scene , but I guess I'll be going out this weekend . Gotta show the sis the ins , and outs ... who's down ?... man I'm getting old . 
#211 always been a good friend to me , hope i've been the same . we go way back ! and hopefully we got years to go . good seeing you at the meeting tonight , even though i was looking at the back of your head . lol 
#007 really got to know you well in tahoe lol . you're always fun to have around ! why aren't you around more often ? 
#6481 i haven't seen your toes in years ... i'm sure they're just fine lol . 
#14 why are you leaving ! swear you're commiting a sin ! have never had a dull momment around you ! you will be missed ! mad you didn't come this way more often . i'm sure my good < PROPMALE > will miss you dearly ! and we need to go out dancing at least a few more times before you go . 
#99 great times in spokane , even though we were like the only 3 black people in a 100 mile radius . you're a pretty chill guy . didn't know jws can cus in washington lol jk . but u gotta come to the bay ! or tahoe this winter ! there will be plenty of good times . tell everyone i said hello up there . 
#111 wow had some crazy times ! can definitely appreciate your openess ! gotta say i miss you . we gotta get together soon . in the mean time text me . 
Got roped into this number thing ... 
#21 seems like we've lost touch . missing you ! you are one great dancer . miss the times at slide lol ! and being around your bubbly personality . you rank highly on my list of top chicks ! 
Up at 3:45 to move a machine near Halfmoon bay at 6 . Made it all the way there only to find out the job was cancelled because of rain . Gotta love construction in the winter ! Cell phones exist for a reason ... 
#2132 you stay representing for us chocolate people up north ! still down to fight for u lol ! still think about the times we had in whistler down to this day ! especially the hot tub rendezvous , u me and < PROPFEMALE > . not to mention longhorn , and who can forget about the dancing . consider u a great friend despite how often we see each other ! hoping to reconnect in february . 
24hr fitness is ghost town at 1:00 am ! 
Logic 9 upgrade ... worth the money ? 
Outdoor hot tub in Tahoe ! 4 days with good friends ! Potential for a sick party ! Counting down the days ! 
ready for it to be thursday ! 
Didn't see the whole thing , but Marley and Me is a pretty good movie . 
only 4 more days ! 
scotch and americana . 
my little sister is my sunshine and i would not be the same without her in my life . she makes me smile and happy and she's the best .. so glad to have her on my trip 
Great weekend ! It will be missed !... And thanks all for the well wishing today . Think I have one more 27th to look forward to , not sure what comes after turning 25 ... 
Wish a few things in life were a heck of a lot easier ! 
Gotta get out of this house ! 
Drag racing on < PROPFIRST > ness in an end dump . showing these s&s boys how to drive ! 
moment 4 life ! Been on repeat for hours ! Literally . 
more work please . 
I would like something with more than 180hp by summer . I wonder if i'll actually make it happen ... 
Just got through driving a < PROPFEMALE > SL63 definitely made my night !... Scratch the last post , I need an upgrade . 
so sleepy ! 
pretty sad ... it's been so long since i've updated/edited my website i pretty much forgot how to do it ... 
Just got schooled by a 40 year old , on the bench , in my own house ... OUCH ! 
Out here digging for a drunk man ! This is not fun ! 
At work in Orinda watching this man get kicked out of his home , a house that he built , by his wife . I really feel sorry for him ... I've always wondered how that works . How is it that the woman kicks the man out ? lol 
