Is currently playing Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves . Just killed 5 people in a row in deathmatch with the pistol . HEADSHOT 

Fuck Cross-Fit , If you will folks ! 
is not at school today . :) 
got some Microsoft Points and doesn't know what to buy with them . :( 
I've been so busy lately , I can't even go out clubbin ' anymore . 
Thank you everyone ! :) 
I've been getting friend requests from 30 year old women ... I'm scared ! 
had a blast at the FBLA Middle School Mixer event :D 
feels like doin ' some trolling 
The shitstorm .... it's coming . 
will go and troll in the name of Sithis . 
is currently doing his rounds in Cyberspace trolling . 
loves playing his Shitbox 360 
is currently playing Borderlands for Shitbox 360 . 
Dew Whutt !? 
The first five commandments of < PROPMALE > ism :\ 
1 . I am the Lord thy < PROPMALE > , thou shalt not giveth a shit . \ 
2 . Thou shalt put no strange construction workers before Me . \ 
3 . Thou shalt do no dirt work , or own a dozer . \ 
4 . Thou shalt liveth to tell about it after the new year if thy faith in < PROPMALE > is strong . \ 
5 . Honor the worms of thy mama's pusshy . 
The last five commandments of < PROPMALE > ism :\ 
6 . Thou shalt not break the goddamn neck of only other < PROPMALE > believers . \ 
7 . Thou shalt not be thinking of it while in the closet masturbatin ' . \ 
8 . Thou shalt not drink ... you don't need too ... you're too damned old . \ 
9 . Thou shalt pick just about every third day to call thy neighbour and tell him Fugg Kew . \ 
10 . Thou shalt not covet the goods of the son of a bitch next door . 
Now I shall sleeeeep ... until my new adventure starts at 8 a.m. tomorrow ! 
The Poke War of June 5th 2010 has begun . Bitches beware ! 
The Poke War of June 5th 2010 has crashed my computer ! 
The Poke War of June 5th 2010 has ended , casualties will be counted . Meanwhile I will return to my real life , by goin ' out clubbin ' tonight . 
is now in his element , trolling through the various sites in Cyberspace . 
The Poke War of June 7th 2010 has begun ... 
Poke Wars is heating up ! Luckily I have Machine Gun Poking powers ! 
The Poke War of June 7th 2010 has ended . I win , even after being double teamed . They know who they are ... I will have my revenge ! MUAHAHAHA !! 
Another Poke War will start soon . If you wish to be destroyed by the Poke master then poke for your life ! Or commit poke suicide like < PROPMALE > . :D 
Is now going to start doing his English Project ! NOOOO !! 
Just got done my English PowerPoint ! I'm ready for my presentation on Thursday ! ( If I get picked of course . ) 
FBLA Banquet at 6:30 . I will be there ! :D 
The FBLA Banquet was very nice ! Excellent food , got some awards , and there was some flying food . :D It's all good ! 
It's Halo 3 Night ! 
Golfing tomorrow morning with my gf ! 
is working today ... :| 
3 days of school this week ... then 4 day weekend ! :D 
1 day down 2 more to go ! 
Finals blocks 3 & 4 tomorrow , then 4 day weekend ! 
Be at school at 11:30 tomorrow for finals , can't wait to get this over and done with . :) 
Time to take these finals ! 
Finals are over !! Let the 4 day weekend begin !! 
feels like watching a < PROPFIRST > Nicholson movie . :D 
It's Pizza Night FOLKS ! 
Life's a piece of shit\ 
When you look at it\ 
Life's a laugh and death's a joke , it's true . \ 
You'll see it's all a show\ 
Keep ' em laughing as you go\ 
Just remember that the last laugh is on you . 
Work today 11-7 , then Bowling ! 
Good day today , work went well and Bowling was fun ! 
Last day of < PROPMALE > Year tomorrow . I can't believe it , time sure flies fast . 
Just got home from work . I gotta say , I am really starting to like my job . :D 
is wondering what he should do on this glorious Wednesday . 
Can't wait till tomorrow , just < PROPFEMALE > and I going to the ( shitty ) Jersey Shore . Leaving at 6am and won't be back till 8pm . Really can't wait for the best part ... MINIATURE GOLFING !! And Arcades and Funnel Cake . ( Of course . ) 
The beach was fun ... until the rain and wind came . Then an hour later it was fun again ! 
is going to be playing his Shitbox 360 for awhile . 
is going to listen to the music on his mp3 player and dance the whole night away ! \ 
P.S. to self : Be ready for work tomorrow morning . 
Went to the Lehigh Valley Mall today with my mom , good thing there was a Game stop for me to < PROPFEMALE > out at while she did her dreadful shopping . 
Going to school tomorrow to meet with Mr. Wood for Senior Projects . Gonna give him exxxxxxxxxxzzzzzzzzzzzzzzamples of what I'm doin ' mmmkay . 
is eating a bag of Goldfish . 
SUPERPOKE !! 
Happy July !! 
Just got done Chapter 1 of my AP Economics summer assignment ! 
DEW WHUT !? 
HELP !! iPhone update is taking forever !! I NEED TO GET BACK TO PLAYING MY GAMES NOW !!!! 
Pizza this afternoon , then selling drugs , I mean work from 4-10 , then finally ... sleep . 
Another successful day selling drugs , cigarettes , condoms , pictures , and buy 1 get 1 free < PROPFEMALE > bars . 
has to go back to work today . On the bright side , he will feast at Sonic afterwards . 
I love GameFly . 
Happy 4th of July !! 
What if this is as good as it gets ? 
I'm back on facebook ! Just came back from an excellent and exciting week at PFEW in Williamsport ! 
XBOX TIME ! 
Mad Men is one of the best shows ever !! 
5 weeks till school starts !?!? DEW WHUTT !? 
I have to go to school tomorrow morning . :( 
Coffee then Smallville marathon this morning . 
Back to selling drugs at CVS tonight . 3-10 
Work again today . :( 3-10 
Family Guy Volume 2 Marathon on DVD , then Cheesesteak for lunch .... mmmm . 
Shitbox Game Night ! 
The Panic Button has been pressed ... 
Just got back from presenting my Senior Project to SEVEN Judges ! 
Happy Back to School ! Hope to see many friendly faces tomorrow !! :D 
Work :( 
Work 2-10 tonight 
YESH 
Is there a cure for Senioritis ? 
My Halloween costume still hasn't arrived yet !! DAMN IT ! I hope I get by Saturday so I can wear it to work at CVS ! :D 
Work 4-10 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays !! :D 
Got accepted to Western New England College . :) 
Got the Windows Phone 7 ! =D I love it ! 
Just got accepted to Penn State ! 
Back at home after the car breaking down ... :| 
SNOW DAY ! 
Snow Day !! 
Dentist appointment today and this time I'm choosing Bubble Gum !! :D 
WHOLLY CHEEZE !! 
Just sealed the deal with Penn State !! :D 
Selling drugs at my favorite place of employment . :-D 
Watch out for those Vatican Assassins ! 
I just found Zuma Blitz on facebook . Forget WoW , now I'm in heaven . Thank you again PopCap . 
is going to go troll on Omegle . 
Break out the Root Beer and the Jean-Claude < PROPFIRST > Damme movies , it's time for a Thursday Night party !! 
They need to freshen up the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > series . How about this , she solves mysteries while in a robotic Mech suit outfitted with Flamethrowers and rocket launchers ! She could call The Hardy Boys \bitches\ " as she stomps on them . I'll have to write this idea down ... " 
You know what game they should make ? A Dig Dug first person shooter ... that would be extremely violent , inappropriate , and very classy all at the same time . I would really buy that ... 
Just watched G.I Joe : The Rise of Cobra . What a disappointing movie , all bad action sequences and no story . They should have placed a 15 minute fight scene between a woman that strongly looks like < PROPFEMALE > Fox and The Baroness mud-wrestling . Then finally , we would be blessed with a great action scene in a movie since Ripley vs . The < PROPFEMALE > Alien in Aliens . 
I am going to get another Victorino shirt . What can I say I love the guy . Go Hawaii !! 
YYYYYYYEAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHGGGG !!!!!!!!!!! 
