When I get back to school on Monday , I'm going to say to everyone \I haven't seen you since last year ! \"" 

i knoww i havent seen you for like all summer 
has to wake up before 10 tomorrow . 
this is my new distraction from homework . 
Has anyone else ever fell asleep instantly in mid-sentence ? 
My dentist won't be too happy with me . 
What's the worst that can happen if I don't study for that 100 point test ? 
Girls are so impossible to understand . Especially the ones who take Tagalog . It's like they speak a different language . 
Just woke up . Oh man , that wasn't grape juice ... 
Music - best played at < PROPMALE > volume . 
I woke up this morning and thought I was blind , but I just still had by sunglasses on . 
Bad weather outside needs to go away : / 
Note to self : open door before trying to walk through . 
Thanks everyone who wished me happy b day ! You guys make me glad to have lived 15 years ! 
Monday night's for sleeping , Tuesday morning's for studying . 
I'm starting to think my parents got the stairs carpeted just for me when I walk down . 
While I was on the phone , my sister asked me how many sides a circle has , and I quickly said 5 . That's why geometry's so hard . 
Never lick a knife , no matter how much chocolate it has on it . 
Shoulda taken me to the Muse concert everyone else's at today . 
I was rooting for the GSG 9 . Those Swat guys did some nice camping though . 
All the way in Florida ! 
I just played 7 hours of Dragon Age to get to the credits and figure out they had 30 Seconds to Mars as the song for the credits . Worth it . 
I haven't gone to sleep before 2 am all summer , but I'm always bored . 
Chubby < PROPFEMALE > Video from 4th Period ! - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5unsl-Vt4Q 
I remember back when people liked status for the content of the message , and not cause I'd say something nice about that person . 
Thanks to the invention of the phone camera , we have proof we can stuff 3 people onto a moving scooter near the movies . 
Lost my phone somewhere in the house . Everyone in the house is asleep . It's on full volume . Do I dare to call it ? 
Bought myself a pair of sunglasses that look exactly like the ones I already have . Now I can walk into class wearing two and just take one off dramatically . 
