What is going on with Mafia Wars ??? I received an energy pack (( Thank You All !!! )) accepted it , got tied up with something , came back and it was gone !!! 

Thank you to all my Mafia Family ! You have been sending me some really needs loot ! I am in the process of returning the favors , I am going thru my family , looking at your wish lists , and sending whatever I have extras of . If I don't have extras of what 
Cable , phone and internet have all been down since the storm hit ! I walked downstairs , and water is pouring in under the front door ! I finally get internet back , and Mafia Wars is down ! I think I should call it a night too !!!!! 
Help ??!! I just finished the El Padrino level in Cuba , and the system is telling me I have to complete lower level jobs ... I have completed every level in every job ... and where do I go from here ... I ( I have completed all New York jobs as well ) Anyone kn 
To all my firends , my requests received have gotten out of control , I am starting over . So if it appears that I am not responding to your request , that is not the case , just send me another one , and I will respond . There was just to many of them at one t 
Can someone please help me ... I am not stupid , ( usually ) , I have finished all jobs in New York , ( it states Stage 1 ) , and all jobs in Cuba ... what is next ??? Can someone please give me a clue ? I would greatly and sincerely appreciate it ! 
I am borrowing part of this from a very wise - new friend , ( Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > ) . To my friends , that are not into Mafia Wars , as most of you know I am , please just hide Mafia Wars , I don't want to bore you , but I don't want you to hide me either , I want to 
Question , I seen the dreaded pink box talked about on here , I just received one for the very first time ... Can someone explain exactly what that means ? Short version , so I don't waste your time ... -) 
I have only requested 3 people to MW today , but I am getting the pink box , when trying to add to my family . The system will let me request more friends , but then won't let me add them to Mafia Wars ... What is up with that ? Please request me ! 
\Constant publishing of loot items and features such as Lotto etc can eventually get you Pink carded as stated in many forums . I know Zynga give you this option but please don't use it unless it's for Job requests and Wishlists !!! Please give it up befor " 
Can anyone tell me ... I am a level 312 , have finished all jobs in New York and Cuba , ( all tiers ) , have been doing the same jobs over and over again for weeks now , just trying to level up , and add more Family . I see folks at levels into the 500's .... Am I 
To all players , I am not sure what MW is doing , but I wanted to warn you ... If you are < PROPMALE > bing someone , it shows their Level as their Mafia Size ... example ... would be , you go to < PROPMALE > someone that is level 120 , and you are level 180 unless they score a crit 
cont from below ... 97 , so I attacked them , and their mafia size was actually a 501 . 
Thank you my family !!!! Your Mafia was eager to help on Make Arrangements for a Visiting < PROPMALE > job . You earned $ 255,000,000 and 60 experience points . 
I have been pink listed , again ... how are you suppose to grow your mafia ! Please add me to your Mafia ! Please Join My Mafia : http://apps.facebook.com/inthemafia/status_invite.php?from=1399951764 Thank you ! < PROPFEMALE > 
Night All ! All this robbing has worn me out ! Catch you all tomorrow ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , GORDY AND EVERYONE ELSE that have help me make it to 501 . I just received 161 Friend Requests ... As soon as I can get thru them all I will finally be over 501 !!!!!!! I am currently at level 316 , thank you for all the gifting , and s 
I am out of Mafia Requests ... I promise to get everyone added asap ! Thank you all again . Currently at 461 - so close yet so far away ... 
Will someone in my wonderful Mafia Family please send me an energy pack ?? 
Your Mafia was eager to help on Settle a Beef ... Permanently job . You earned $ 33,000,000 and 64 experience points .!! Thank you !!!! 
I am asking for the same thing , will someone please put me on the hitlist ? Please and Thank you ! 
Will someone please add me to the hitlist ??? 
did anyone have a < PROPMALE > to hitlist me before it went down ?? Please say YES ! 
Just got up and keep looking for a post that will give me a clue ... Didn't our hitlist work last night ? Or did no one add me ??? =( 
Ok , I know this may sound a little odd at first , my we all are trying to get achievements ... I am a level 333 with 794 Mafia , will someone pleaaaase attack me the 6 times in a row so I can please earn the The Best Offense achievement , I will fill up your 
< PROPFEMALE > 2 the same jobs over and over again to increase my level and my cash ... 
Hello my family , I will be off of here for a while , please feel free to attack , I filled up my health ... I am trying to get this elusive achievement . See you all in a bit ! 
One more thing , is anyone else not receiving what we are sending each other in the Most Wanted Mafia Gifts ? I am trying to send the best ones they have , that I know we will all use , and have rec'd good ones back , but they are not showing up in my invento 
Please join my Mafia Family ! I am level 334 , 11% Buttonman , Daily Player ... I have tried to add my link , it keeps kicking me off ! If you request me as a friend , I will send you the request . Thanks ! 
Thank you , Thank you , THANK YOU ! I received many friend requests , have started sending the Mafia requests ... If you did not receive one in the last few minutes , is only because I ran out of requests for the day , as soon as it refreshes , I will send ! Tha 
I received this , this afternoon . Anyone else heard about it ... This is to warn you of a rather large clan war that is going on at this time . WE DO NOT WANT TO GET SUCKED INTO IT !!!!! So , this a General Order issued from the office of the Clan Enforcer . 
part 2 You is still part of the message I received ... asking for potential trouble if you attack If you are in question about just what a tag is then this is for you . A tag is anything that looks like this [ xxxx ] or this { xxxx } or this > xxxx < or any com 
part 3 I did not write this rec'd a message on it , and wanted to protect all of you ... [ xxxx ] < PROPFIRST > Blow or < PROPFIRST > blow [ xxxx ] or < PROPFIRST > [ xxxx ] blow or { xxxx } < PROPFIRST > blow or > xxxx < < PROPFIRST > blow 
< PROPFIRST > is bottom right ... 
Hey girl ! I am doing ok . How about you ? It has been a very interesting couple of years that is for sure ! These were taken last weekend at Nationals ! She just turned 11 ! It is great to hear from you ... please keep in touch ! 
IT'S ABOUT TIME !!!!! CAN'T BELIEVE IT !!! 
On my way to see Rascal Flatts ! The weather is great ! Looking to be an awesome evening !!!! 
Your Mafia was eager to help on Make Arrangements for a Visiting < PROPMALE > job . You earned $ 42,500,000 and 120 experience points . Thank you my family !!!!! 
I am so sick of being caught in the middle of everyone's fighting amongst themselves ! I keep getting messages like this : < PROPFIRST > Fornash eliminated you in < PROPFEMALE > Turner's war against < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Attack them and get revenge in Mafia Wars . 11:33 am I didn't take any sides in these wars ! I knew it was going to cause a free fior all ! And I was right .. And yet I am the one getting eliminated !!! What is up with that . 
if anyone is willing to trade , I will trade anything for Politco Corrupto ! I have just about anything you need except for the lottery loot . 
4 hours , 42 minutes ago : Bruce Warny helped you in your war against < PROPFEMALE > Vaccariello . 4 hours , 43 minutes ago : Mark < PROPMALE > helped you in your war against < PROPFEMALE > Vaccariello . 4 hours , 43 minutes ago : Mark < PROPMALE > helped you in your war against < PROPFEMALE > Vaccariello . Can someone please tell me how I ended up going to war with MYSELF ????? 
You can't read the whole post without having to open it up ... Can someone please tell me how I went to war with MYSAELF ???????????? 
No one should die or become more ill because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Your Mafia was eager to help on Whack a Rival Crew Leader job . You earned $ 792,000 and 51 experience points . Thank you - your are all awesome !!!! I have been trying to gift back , to everything that you have sent . If I have missed you , please do not be shy and let me know , and I will send you whatever I have on your wishlist . 
To my mafia family , I have completed everything there is on MW . I have alot of stuff , so please let me know what you need . You have all been so generous , and I have given whatever I have , and I thank you all ! Please let me know ! 
You lost the war ! How can I lose the war if I didn't know I was in one ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Lietz , you have a mafia of over 2000 , why don't you pick on someone your own size ??? 
Is it me or can we not get into Mafia Wars ??? 
Your Mafia was eager to help you Violently Break Up A Campaign Rally , you earned R$ 474,705 and 75 experience . Thank you again !!!!!! 
I am looking for a strong buttonman , safecracker and body guard ... 
OK , lets change that ... I am now looking for a strong Safecracker and Bodyguard !!!!!!! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and JT !! 
jobs are on my wall ! 
To my Mafia family , I cannot respond when you need assistance on jobs , I cannot send you gifts ... since the wonderful UPGRADE !!!! 
Your Mafia was eager to help you Hunt Down A Ural Liberation Front Contact , you earned $ 3,235,320 and 122 experience . Thank you my family !!!!!!!! 
Can someone please tell me why Mafia Wars created war against your own people ?? I get attacked enough by everyone else , but to have your own Mafia Family taking you out and causing all kinds of damage and cash is just plain asinine . I just don't get it . These are same people you need to back you up in a war . And I will keep removing you when you declare war against me . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
Another busy week !!!! Lots of cooking , good times with family ... geting ready for Christmas !!!! Not to mention how busy we are at work . 
I love having war declared against me-when you are not even aware that it has been done ! < PROPMALE > all for coming to my rescue . JP WALKER , you have been removed from my mafia . Anytime you needed help on a job , I was there to back you up . Anyone of my own family , that turns on me GONE . Not a good feature , MW put on the game . We work to hard to build up family , to be brayed . Just like life , I want people around me I can trust . 
Your Mafia was eager to help you Ransack A Defense Contractor's Office , you earned $ 1,317,258 and 67 experience . Thank Yiou ! 
I can't believe it ! I am the first one up ! Usually my daughter has me up at 5 am on Christmas Morning ! I have gone up and checked on her twice ! Oh well , made a fire , sitting back with a cup of hot cocoa , just waiting for her ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Would appreciate any help with this one , keeps attacking me , then hitlisting me too ? http://mwfb.zynga.com/mwfb/remote/html_server.php?xw_controller=stats&xw_action=view&xw_city=3&tmp=74d1dd09c388e78f89ffe0c759c4cdd7&cb=13999517641262007358&user=NjQ4MTY3MDUw 
lol - too funny ! < PROPFEMALE > called last week to let me know the baby was here . How was your Christmas ? < PROPFIRST > was spoiled as usual ! 
WARNING !!!!!!!!!! Don't ( WE REPEAT DO NOT ) go into or open the group \WE'RE AGAINST THE 4.99 A MONTH CHARGE FOR FACEBOOK FROM JUNE 30TH 2010\ " ... It has a VICIOUS VIRUS in a link that opens unstoppable windows with horrific images of humans in states of mutilation . EVERYONE REPOST TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS ! HURRY " 
Your Mafia was eager to help on Gun Down Some Russian Muscle job . You earned R$ 5,183,640 and 137 experience points . 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes .... but my birthday is actually in July . I checked my profile , and it is correct . I also checked with the forum , and I was told that some accounts defaulted to 12/31 . But Thank You all again ! Have a wonderful New Year !!!!! 
Let's see how forthcoming my FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me ...... 
black satin 
This wk I participated in the whole write the color of your bra thing . A close per friend of mine sent it to me and I immed posted it . I have no prob with anything that brings awareness to women out there to get their mammograms . CONTINUED 
< PROPFEMALE > 2 OF MY RANT .. I did and it saved my life 16 mths ago , when I was diagnosed with stg 2 gr 2 Invasive ductal carsinoma . Now people have a problem with it and they are boycotting facebook . Great Facebook Bra Debate : Success or Slacktivism ? Found on the Aol website today . To those of you boycotting ... GET A LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
ok , I am not losing my mind ! All my patrons in my cafe world are invisible , they are there , somewhere , and being served but if I am not in the cafe , no one comes ??? I haven't had to cook in 2 days ! I still have over 3000 servings left . All of a sudden no one is eating at my cafe ! ;( 
Meet the newest edition to my family ... This is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > made this picture , for me to put on my profile .... Thank you sweety ! 
why won't the mini energy packsv work ? 
Do we all remember General < PROPFIRST > Platt , and \his pants on the ground\ " from a few weeks ago on American Idol ... Here is a new spin on it a friend sent me today ... Snow on the ground ..... snow on the ground ..... Drivin ' like a fool with the snow on the ground .... look at ya now - car spinnin ' round ..... drivin like a fool with the snow on the ground !!!... Slow it down .... then copy -n- paste - n- pass it around " 
Can anyone tell me what I may be doing wrong ... I cannot get my mini energy packs !!! They show ready , I use the tool bar to get to MW , however still doesn't work ... any words of wisdom ?? please 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? BEAUTIFUL ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Looking for pirates in Mafia Wars , willing to trade ... please contact me . They are a loot drop , but can't seem to find them . Am not even able to put on my wish list ! 
Movie line week ! Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie . Don't idenitfy the movie -- see who can get it first . Don't forget to comment on your friends ' movie lines . 
Friends : PAY ATTENTION !! Someone has hacked into fb and gotten A LOT of FB users friend lists . If you receive a YOUTUBE link in your INBOX !!! DO NOT OPEN IT !!!! These are ALL viruses !!! BE CAREFUL and repost this to your status so others will find out !! IT DOES NOT COME FROM YOUR FRIEND -- THEY DID NOT SEND IT 
Will someone please send me an Energy Pak ? First time in 2 years that I didn't get one . Will send gifts , just let me know what you need ! 
Prayers and thoughts go out to < PROPMALE>'s beautiful little girls and loved ones . You were taken away from them way to soon . May God Speed . 
Vacation is over , what a well needed week away ! Back to everyday hustle and bustle ... until the next trip in a couple of months ! 
I am reaching out to my Mafia Family to see if you can guide me in the right direction . A few weeks ago I had to have my computer reimaged , and when I got it back , I can no longer get the mini energy packs . I have searched everywhere to find out how to get it back ... but no luck . Anyone have any ideas ? 
DO NOT ACCEPT ANY FRIENDSHIP INQUIRIES FROM : < PROPMALE > DREYER , MATTHIAS DAMBERGER , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > BERNEDER OR < PROPFIRST > BECKER ! THESE ARE HACKERS !!!!! THEY CAN DESTROY THE HARD DISK !. PLEASE , COPY TEXT ON YOUR BULLETIN BOARD !!! SO THAT YOUR FRIENDS ARE PROTECTED 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
I have found vacation spot ... 2010 . It is beautiful ! < a href = \ http://www.homeaway.com/vacation-rental/p278751\ " > Garden City Beach vacation condo < /a > " 
Now changing vacation destination ... still to be determined ... My only demand ... it has to be on the beach ... any beach with an ocean ... or the The Gulf will do . 
ok , my DVR didn't record Dancing With The Stars , and I just got home ... Who got voted off ???? 
Is it Friday yet ? 
To My Mafia Family ... ok , what is up with the new < PROPFIRST > Heist ... because I have 971 in my mafia , it tells me I need to have 972 ... if I had 972 , I am sure it would tell me I needed 973 ! 
Spent a nice day with my family , ( sister , brother-in-law , mom , dad , < PROPFIRST > and Izzy ) . Went to the country to visit and decorate my grandparents graves . Now if I can get everyone MOVING , would like to go our friends for a cookout !!!!! Its getting late people , Let's Move IT !!!! 
Now its time to jump in the pool !!!!! 
to all of my friends , I know I play alot of mafia wars and other games , I have tried to eliminate the posts of what I am up to , what I need , or who I need help to steal or < PROPMALE > from ... When you see one of these posts ... if you go to the right of it , it will say hide Mafia Wars or hide < PROPFEMALE > . Please just hide the Mafia Wars ... if you do , you won't have to see anymore of the annoying posts !!!! 
Well , My Sunday morning has started out beautifully ! Turned on my laptop this morning ... and it all went BLACK !!! Will be taking a trip to the laptop store . I am on < PROPFIRST>'s , she was nice enough to let me use hers !!! 
Update ... Went and visited the Laptop store ... traded in mine , got a brand new one !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
getting ready for what is turning out to be < PROPFIRST>'s B day weekend ! She is going swimming with her dad tomorrow , to Grandma and Grandpa's tomorrow night , then Saturday , her actual b-day , her big slumber party at the hotel suite , swimming friends ... and Sunday at Izzy's 
My daughter had her first heartbreak on the < PROPFEMALE > of her birthday ... really hard to see her so sad . 
Still recovering from the big birthday bash !!!!! 
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful Dad's out there . It takes something special to be a Daddy !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Still up baking blackberry pies for my dad's birthday tomorrow ! ( today ) His favorite !!! 
Where is the rewind button for today ? I want to hit it , bring me back to last night when I went to bed ... so I could start today over !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I refuse to count the years , just the amount of chocolate roses on the cake !!!! 
Has anyone else been having problems with private messages on FB ? It appears that this has been going on for over a week ... messages I sent last week are not showing up .. If you send me a message , I can respond , but I cannot create one and send to you ... If you are reading this < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ...... I need you all to contact me about cheer . Thanks so much ! 
I will be laying on a beach in 29 days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT CANNOT COME SOON ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
I will be laying on a beach in 27 days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT CANNOT COME SOON ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will be laying on a beach in 26 days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT CANNOT COME SOON ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok ... it is really getting down now ... 9 days before we leave for < PROPFIRST>'s National Cheer Championships ... come home from Memphis ... to leave again for < PROPMALE > Head in 22 days ... 
ok ... it is really getting down now ... 5 days before we leave for < PROPFIRST>'s National Cheer Championships ... come home from Memphis ... to leave again for < PROPMALE > Head in 17 days ... 
Finallly , today is the day you have all been waiting for ... The day you have worked so hard to get to . I know all of us parents are so very proud of each and every one of you , go out there today and do your very best ... HAVE FUN !!!!!! No matter what happens today , look at the amazing accomplishment ... 
Well , the girls did an awesome job , they nailed their performance , and we could not be prouder ! Our coaches got engaged ... to each other , and we had a beautiful wedding ... beautiful ... but hot ... 103 at 10:00 ! That is alot in one short , long weekend ! 
What a GREAT night out with the girls !!! We needed it !!! Luv you guys ! 
Mafia Wars Family ... Can someone please remind me where I can loot the Hotel Keycard needed for Vegas Jobs ... I cannot find it ! Any assistance would be greatly appreciated ! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a Mommy , keep secrets like a sister , & love like a friend !!!!!! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , post this as your status 
Finally got all the rest of the blood work back from the oncologist ... I am clean ... for at least 3 months ! Just low potassium ... again !!! 
TO MY MAFIA FAMILY ... Can someone please direct me in the right direction to find the loot drops/what I needs for Vegas , I am so wanting to give up , and that is not like me . I am just so frustrated ! Any assistance would be greatly appreciated , and REWARDED ! 
Ladies , October is just around the corner , you know what that means ... Time to get your mammograms ! I cannot tell you how important early detection is in this horrible disease ! It saved my life ... I was Stage 2 , Grade 2 . Let it save yours ! 
Moving Day is finally here ~ ~ Just put the tape on the last box , movers will be here in a couple of hours ... think I should take a little nap ... A day for a new beginning . 
Moving Day is finally OVER !!!! I know never to use that moving company !!! I can't say who , pending litagation !!! What a mess ! 
FACEBOOK APPS LIKE FARMVILLE SHARE PRIVATE INFO : By Dow Jones Newswires-Wall Street Journal Many of the most “apps , ” on the social-networking site Facebook Inc . have been transmitting identifying information — in effect , providing access to people’s names and , in some cases , their friends’ names — to dozens of advertising and Internet tracking companies , a Wall Street Journal investigation has found . 
I am so glad the food poisoning is gone ! Feel soooo much better ! 
Loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have children you make a conscious decision , to allow your heart to walk around outside your body ...... Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life . 
What a WONDERFUL DAY !!!! < PROPFIRST > and I went to the firehouse with good friends , and helped put boxes together for families that would otherwise not have a holiday dinner . It felt so good to be a very small part of that ! Makes you realize how much you really have to be thankful for ! 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving ! No matter how bad we think we may have it at times , we should all reflect on the wonderful things we do have ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > - where are you ??? you need to call your mother NOW . 
Last night < PROPFIRST > , her little cousin and I went looking at everyone's Christmas Lights ... We drove around to everyone we know ... so if you heard the roar of the ' Stang , we were not stalking you , we just wanted to see your lights ! (<PROPFIRST>'s idea ) 
To everyone , I am wishing you a safe and Happy New Years ! With no headaches to wake up to tomorrow ! Remember , leave this night to the amateurs !!! 
Today is Cheer Competition ! Go Fairfield ! Always remember , just go out and do your best , and just have fun !!! 
GO BEARS !!!!! I would give anything to be at that game next Sunday ... Biggest Rivals !!!! 
Yeah ! School is closed . I wasn't going to send her anyway ... they get all these kids to school , and not be able to get them home !!!! Everyone be safe ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man trying to flirt with her and hoping to remind her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man wanting to steal smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence . 
Just got home from Children's ... My baby girl is sick !!!!! 
For my Chicago friends , do you remember the snow storm they keep talking about 40 yrs ago ? I went to < PROPFEMALE > Crest Highlands , but lived in Country Club Hills . They would not let us out of school , and we got stuck there ! We did not have a cafeteria , we had to sleep on the floor in the library . The National Guard had to drop Peanut butter and Jelly and bread . It was days before we got home ! 
If you live in the Cincy area , you know what everyone will be talking about at work today ... < PROPFIRST > Widmer found guilty ... 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future !! 
This is for a friend of mine , I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this . in the status of all my friends . 
All I can say is WHAT A SHITTY DAY !!!! the end . 
IF YOU HAVE A SISTER WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , PUNCHED YOU , STUCK UP FOR YOU , DROVE YOU CRAZY , HUGGED YOU , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , PICKED YOU BACK UP , CHEERED YOU ON , MADE YOU STRONG , AND IS SOMEONE YOU CAN\T LIVE WITHOUT & SOMEONE YOU CAN ALWAYS COUNT ON .... REPOST THIS IF YOU HAVE A SISTER THAT YOU LOVE ! LOVE YOU !! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... and a couple of close friends that I would consider sisters ... " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dies at Age 79 \ 
After numerous health battles , the legendary actress passed away from congestive heart failure in California . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status but my friends will be the 3% that do . From a good friend !!! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !!! Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Please post for 1 hour ? There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . I hope to se ... e this in all status ' of all my friends ... 
Great Food , Great Wine , Great Friend ! I really had a good time , and < PROPFIRST > is all excited over her Goody Bags ! Thank YOU !!! So it has been a GREAT DAY !!! 
