does not appreciate the fuss . A new year is like a birthday , a measurement of something that is already passed , with no discernable difference . There will however , be a discernable difference in my temperament tommorow after being kept awake with fireworks after getting up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > to go see the dentist . 

really wants a leopard for a pet . Or maybe a lion . 
really wishes she could google her life to find out how it ends like she does with movies when they scare her . 
\The guy's amazing . He takes a million pieces of broken glass and makes something beautiful . \ " \ " Something whole . \"" 
How many cups of water does it take to rinse your mouth after brushing your teeth ? Well for < PROPMALE > , two , and counting . 
is waiting for her mother to go to bed so she can reread breaking < PROPFEMALE > . 
definitely just saw the worst movie ever because of Jalinda and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is hurting so many ways , and yet so much better . 
omg ! I need to teach my friends how to cook . How can you bake and not know if you are closer to one or two cups of flour ? 
is trying to figure out the itunes store 
is it wrong to in one's mind suspect a sleeping baby of hauling off with one's things ? 
needs to learn to pray for those who hate her . 
doesn't really care for people touching her while she's playing a postlude , it's just a tough distracting . 
' s throat hurts from singing too loud , too low , too long . Hope I haven't done any irrepairable damage . 
Kindly refrain from marking in red pen in my music . Some it is downright wrong , and I can play better than you anyhow . 
is so much more blond but hopefully not ditsier . 
thanks all the people who went into her amazing if long day . And great job to < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
is starting < PROPFEMALE > on facebook ! 
made symores with mini marshmellows and semi-sweet chocolate chips . At least we have < PROPMALE > crackers , and there's less dirt around because I ate so much . 
is endeavoring to ..... oh can I really say it ? yes , WRITE and about my least favorite subject under the sun . 
absolutly ecstatic about her studies this fall !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to cry . I definitely had finished all the intervals stupid macgamut ! 
really prefers getting to participate in evensongs rather than just listening . Especially to the sermon part . :( 
is feeling so epically like a failure . 
is wistful .... 
is up too early . and still egregiously sleepy . 
make sure any virus scans you enable are actually your virus scan ! 
is grateful that God is watching out for her . 
road rage ! I anathmatize all who cut in front of me so I can't get through a green litght , I am winning against < PROPFIRST > , and have only just started packing though I am leaving in about 20 hours ! 
packing involves cleaning , and thus , I had the satisfaction of seening my change of < PROPMALE > form to the paper shredder !!!!!!!!!!! 
is so full of salty water . 
came home to find the road in front of her house no longer paved . :( 
\NOTE to all my Facebook Friends : Facebook has agreed to let a 3rd party advertiser use your posted pictures without your permission . To prevent this : Mouse over SETTINGS ( top right side of < PROPFEMALE > ) . Select PRIVACY SETTINGS . Select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Selec " 
my tummy hurts from laughing at < PROPMALE > laughing at the man eating food . 
is happy for < PROPMALE > being a big boy and using the potty !!!! 
is so full , and about to turn into a bluberry . 
oh my goodness !!!!!!!!!! after nearly half a year the driveway no longer has a pile of dirt on it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
' s head is aching , movie theaters are so loud and having your emotions jerked around so is tiring . 
so if I can't drink alcohol until I'm 21 , can I eat it ?!? lol 
only just starting to pack for tommorow , and I was supposed to bake cookies . What a slacker . 
prefers being stuck in the car to being stuck in the waiting room of the emergency room . < PROPMALE > seems alright now , three stitches later . 
is going to a dance but only for sure knows three dances ! I'll make sure I'm last couple alot , I think I really do know most of these . 
So the sermon today unequivocably stated that God said one thing and the Episcopal church something different . Later he asked what we said when people ask why we go to an episcopal church . My answer : < PROPFIRST > said that the worth of the priest does not affect the sacraments . 
is feeling not so good . Shame on people changing the openings on seasonings . 
please pray with me for my Daddy's eye operation tommorow . 
is so happy ! 
just got her organ methods book which she almost got five years ago !!!!!!! 
yay ! no trafic cops to cause gridlock today . :) 
yay ! one orchestra director this year ! not who can we stick them with now ?!? 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I have such awesome friends <3 
is hoping that nausea and nerves have a similar affect . 
passed scales !!!!!!!!!!! now just an audition , ha ! it seems like nothing by comparison . a chair ? who cares ? 
wonders why her schedule elicits such reactions . Apart from the fact that at this point I think one of my classes was a bad idea and another I'm really dragging my feet over , it isn't that bad or extraordinary . 
is exceptionally tired , and not looking forward to wednesday . 
so for the rest of today I am going to cry my eyes out for the things left undone and then tommorow I will put a smile on my face and a bounce in my step and see if I can fool everyone , maybe even myself . 
had a balanced dinner , equal amounts of chocolate and green .... well almost as much green as chocolate . now if I dyed by cake green that would work better .... 
I never before knew that it was possible for one person to get into so much trouble in one day . 
it's so amusing to reafirm the Honor code ... I mean , if a certain teacher just says that it doesn't matter about cheating on quizzes if you pass all the levels of macgamut ... does it not even occur to him that she cheated on those too ? and this is hardly outside the ordinary . 
so today I have a new goal in life and I heard much about ending sustainable hunger .... totally unrelated though . 
I wish I were Jesus , to be able to take away peoples pain and misery with just a touch . 
had a real yo-yo day . 
is making bug dillas 
finally has internet in her room . And I'm so happy , just generally even without that benefit . 
majorly homesick for St Martins . 
is happy to get to talk to her little sister . 
had a lovely combination of practicing and procrastination today . 
Oh no , < PROPFEMALE > is going to kill me cause I don't like modern music 
why is it that the moment someone says that they don't mean to say something in a bad way , I immediately suspect that bad thought was there even though without their comment I never would have thought of it that way ? 
really hates her life right now , but still loves the baroque < PROPFEMALE > , and even Dr Reichwald in spite of all he did to me today . 
thinks that Martinu is the most aweful composer ever , might even be worse than Messiaen 
old habits NEVER die . I still haven't learned to sit in a chair without falling out . 
wonders who to listen to . I really hate harmonic dictation , and I've never done anything much harder than hymns . 
really doesn't want to do any work . And has just realized that she's commited to more than she thought . 
doesn't want to be sick :( 
is writing her essay on her favorite holiday ... in < PROPMALE > How the dickens am I supposed to explain why I love processing into a black church with candles and the excitement over finally hearing organ when the lights do come on ? 
thinks that she is addicted to chocolate . :) 
is feeling very inadequate . If I could play and look as happy and relaxed as that lady , or be as amazing as her husband .... 
French organ music is like cream cheese icing . It's very good , but if you eat much it will make you sick . Bach , on the other hand , is bread . You can pretty much subsist off of it . Yay for practicing other stuff than what I'm supposed to concentrate on . 
is a very sad < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants her < PROPFEMALE > . 
is semi-comatose , not that I've done anything in the last two hours . And dreading theory tommorow . I'm thinking if I duct tape my mouth shut it might be better . 
this is my life , I'm failing fitness and wellness and I can't go to any of the extra credit things because I have rehearsals or a lesson . :( fml 
done with classes and church , now for augmented 6th chords . 
how and when and why am I supposed to take all these classes ? Not to mention that one class I need isn't even offered . 
passed the thirteenth level of chords !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! one good thing from this week ... 
one and three halves of my papers done ! no , I wouldn't dream of procrastinating . ;) 
lameness ! Arguablely converse's best choir and yet they need piano playing their part along with them . And again I say LAME !!!!!!!!! 
my life is full of rule breaking and innapropriateness that amuses me no end . 
Ich bin multo triste propter scribo auf Deutch . 
had now seen Beauty and the Beast . Why would I need to take a class on pop culture/music when I have freinds and am taking < PROPMALE > . Doesn't that cover everything ? 
why am I having such motivational issues ? I like the stuff I'm studying , I just can't bring myself to actually do the work . 
today has < PROPFEMALE > so wierd . To whit : I have spent three hours on violin , 20 minutes on piano and ten on organ . Also I have discovered that I really like Kabalevsky's first cello concerto and I am nervous about tommorow . And if anyone thinks I'm rambeling I would probably fail a sobriety test because I'm so sleep deprived that I have trouble walking in a straight line , which is also why I'm not practicing . 
had a lovely day today . 
why can't I be normal and mess up because I don't understand things , as opposed to I differ in my interperation from the teacher . 
really doesn't want to be fit . Especially if it is going to make me naseous and give me tendonitis flash-backs . 
who is this person ? I don't like her seeming affinity for conflict , yet it's always been there , and I never noticed , because it was all caged up inside of me . 
needs to learn how to approach big projects . 
is totally cracked . I'm scared to go to aural skills ever again . 
I cede defeat . < PROPFIRST > sweelinck's keyboard music it is . 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! Eat lots of turkey , though I do wonder what ya'll vegetarians do . 
had a rather mediocre jury , but at least this aweful week is over as far as I am concerned . 
could almost feel bad about having no intention of studying for her theory final . 
the sum total of what I learned today is that practicing is detrimental to my performance in aural skills and the most important thing in conducting is the downbeat and dynamics , everything else is overrated . 
all done , but I need to pack ..... goodnight and then adieu Converse ! 
still so excited over my failed paper that turned out not to be a failed paper after all ! :) 
packing and unpacking and packing and pitching . And totally loving the fact that I can block certain people from seein certain stati . Now you'll never know what I say about you behind your back , unfortunately , I can't currently come up with something innappropriate enough to warrent such an action . 
so glad to have nothing on my mind deeper than would it be better to finish off my coffee cake with strawberry or vanilla yogurt since the plain ran out , and wondering if we'll have a christmas tree this year . 
<3 my church is amazing . :) 
I know hardly any secular Christmas carols , not sure if this is bad . On the other hand , I got all my grades and I know they're not all good . 
is really frustrated and hoping that stuff will start happening to save me from myself . 
so tommorow is my sister's wedding . Please pray for her , and for my mother too . 
uhg . I can't get my pictures to upload . :( 
I keep getting messages about my facebook getting hacked , so if there's something queer from me don't open it . 
I'm dreaming of a warm Christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > first day of Christmas ! 
realized that Homeworks is most definitely not her area of ministry . 
egregiously unmotivated . Why does this paper have to be due tommorow ? I have no clue how to write it , and I find Donne's earlier works severly distasteful anyhow . 
just for the record , my personal definition of a draft is an essay which is not finished , so why should I finish this essay ? Take that OED ! 
is writing . < PROPFEMALE > vu , all over again . At least reaction papers are easier , but this sinking feeling I have since hearing that Dr Brown never gives anyone an A far outways that mercy . 
black . 
whoever said not to play with your food didn't realize that cafateria-almost-banana cake bounces really well . 
has no black tea , and < PROPFEMALE > , despite it's loveliness doesn't cut it when you feel bad . 
I miss blackman , and music history , and theory , and orchestra , and turabian and maybe even < PROPMALE > . 
a thousand different little heartaches . 
“All shall be well and all shall be well and all manner of thing shall be well\ " , 201 0-0 1-15 21:15:04 " 
is really bothered by little things today . Like , how do they say who can come to Converse and who can't based on gender ? What if you had a 5-alpha-reductose syndrom and graduated high school before puberty ? And why on earth did Bach decide he needed an F below a perfectly good G < PROPMALE > triad ? It sounds aweful , but maybe it's just the organ needs to be tuned . 
so tired of the screaming pain in my ankle . I wish I could have a bottle of wine to wash down my handful of ibprofen . 
I hate being told not to practice . Not that I don't occasionally miss a day , but I like it to be my decision . This brings back too many painfull memories . 
really really wants bread and < PROPFEMALE > ale , preferably flat . 
I propose that Converse should either not move dinner to the gym when there is a game , or that they should move dinner to Blackman when there is a concert , it is neither meet nor right to do what they do now . 
what I am figuring out as I write today's summary/reaction paper : since our speaker said that in a unitarian community , people are loved for whatever they do , I have decided I would rather have God , who loves me in spite of whatever I do . I think it takes a lot more to love someone when you feel they are going astray , and they break your heart than if you can convince yourslef that they are fine . 
loves sleep . To bad it doesn't happen more often without being interupted by nausea , which kind of messes up any possibility of sleeping pills . 
Why couldn't my stupid locker get infested with black ants ? Why'd it have to be fire ants ? and how DARE they build a nest in my shoe !!!!!!!! 
is going to make cake !!!!!!!!! and think about what icing she should use . 
today was a great day .... for the first thirty minutes . 
logging my hours .... I hereby anathematize harmonic dictation . 
had a spectacular day , in spite of aural chills 
it is very depressing to listen to people complain , especially when you know that they are right . 
english renaissance church music is the best music ever written !!!!!! 
had styrofoam , sugar and grease tonight . Dining is definitely not among the pros of living on campus . 
soooooo excited for tomorrow ! 
My heart is overflowing with joy today , and < PROPFIRST > Jacobs is extremely amazing ; I am so grateful for the impact that he has had on my life . 
apparently has very selective memory , I block things that are painful to me , which is very inconvenient when that includes tests . 
feels tired and aweful and does not want to work on her music history paper . 
oh wretched heater-monster I think I really might sleep in Blackman so I can escape your egregiously abominable racket . 
falling so far apart . I'll be paying this sleep debt for years to come . 
wants to go home so she can sleep for more than six hours , and really sleep , none of this half-way sleep where my brain is still running and I'm dreaming but its like I'm sort of in control of my dreams . 
rearranged my room , and it is looking the neatest it has in quite a while . And now I shall go to a different room to hopefully get at least some good sleep for the first time since ...... um Thursday ? 
for real Converse , I hope you meant it when you said the broiler would be installed tommorow . This is absolutely ridiculous , I'm doing jumping jacks though it hurts my ankle , and radomly boiling water . I'd take a shower but those aren't garunteed to be warm the whole time . 
is tired and bitter but done the most important stuff . Anyone want to join me and < PROPFEMALE > on a murderous rampage ? Why do I keep getting lied too by people in authority in this school ? 
really truly hopes she didn't break any bones . :( 
is so very tired . Walking with crutches is exhausting . 
so confused . Not even sure I'd recognize a < PROPMALE > scale at this point . 
Ich habe eine grun torte . 
done her listening list and matching playlist . Stupid dates will never stick in my head though . 
walking is so exciting ! 
don't know why I should even bother with bowing until the very last dress rehearsal . They just get changed again and agian and agian and again .... 
I want just one good foot , is that too much to ask ? 
feeling very proud of all the things she can do that involve feet , with only the one and half she has ! 
is mourning for all the people that this health < PROPMALE > in Congress is going to kill if it is passed , because , be assured , this will be payed in lives . 
needs someone she can fall in love with in the twentieth century , someone on whom there is enough literature she can find plenty and who actually composes in a twentieth century style . Anyone have any suggestions for me ? 
if the fire alarm goes off again , it's Dr Couch's fault on account of makeing me so mad that there is smoke coming out of my ears . 
is feeling extremely volatile , as I do when I havn't practiced , but I have as best I can . And I want to wear spring clothes . This cripple business is seriously annoying . 
is home . I saw one of my professors on the way back , made my road rage look almost tame . 
practiced on a lovely organ that had lots of stops , not three , and used both feet ! 
Oh , the humiliation of being related to one's relatives . Don't I do enough on my own ? 
Christ is risen indeed . Alleluia ! 
After practicing , I turned around and saw the piece that I was singing in the shower earlier today .... How cool is that ? 
finished two sections of MacGamut today !!!!! the amazing things that happen when you unmute . 
the best thing about not likeing people , is that they can't hurt you as much . 
has decided to stop annoying her less conservative freinds with her picture . Unfortunately , I can't allow anyone to come near me with a camera for the next 18 months . 
just want to stop hurting .... 
1318 words , 1182 left to go . And no , I really can't do it . 
dear paper , I want you to grow wings and take to them . 
just got back from swim practice . Stranger things have not happened . Ever . 
talking about days to come today ... when mine is here , it will bloody well be SP'RIT!!!!!!!!!!!! with a flipped ' r ' and a strong ' t ' . So there . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! \I'm four ? That's incredible . \ " <3 " 
content with today ... I feel that I am getting better at choir directing . 
wishes she knew what she wanted to do with the rest of her life . Specifically major(s ) for the next two years . 
in honor of the memory of eating lunch in the dark last year because of Earth Day , I do not wish to observe it . So in lieu of that I wish you all a merrry Mars Day . 
wishes a certain person would stop treating people as her inferiors . I'm so definitely not your inferior , even in this area , if I put forth the effort , I have it in me to surpass you . And so often you have needed my help , and I have always given it , even though I have other things to do . So why treat me like this ? 
As I understood it , our < PROPFIRST > candidate for the day wants to have a trade faculty with a partner school . Is this not insane ?!? 
for the record , I really love Ms < PROPMALE > and her ability to make everything so much better . I feel like I can be cheerful again without acting . 
Ave , Juries , morituribus te salutamus . 
Does anyone know if you are supposed to get jury slips from all the faculty present at your jury ? 
hates matrices with a fiery passion . They make my head spin and they sound bad too . stupid tone rows . :( 
in about 18 hours , I will be done with Aural skills forever !!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait . :) 
today is definitely on of the worst days of the semester . I came as close to failing a test this morning as I ever have in my life , and I spent fours hours with another test , though not technically taking it because I did a lovely waterfall imitation . I really wish I could go to bed before anything worse happens . 
done with the project/exam that took well over three times the amount of time predicted . Now only one exam to study for . :) 
is done with the semester and home . I need to unpack at some point , but currently I'm feeling uninspired and sleepy still . 
Help us understand that failure is not a measure of\ 
our worth , but is a < PROPMALE > for a new start . Give us the strength to hold onto our faith in You , and\ 
to keep alive our joy in Your creation . 
spent the last nine hours or so shopping . Enjoyed shopping with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
shared her strawberry daiquiris with a damsel fly ... or it might have been a dragon fly . :) 
Variety is over rated , I didn't even realize I hadn't practiced anything but Bach for quite a while . 
is going to try to make bread and coffeecake and hope her two siblings don't kill each other while she does so . 
suffering the aftereffects of waaaay too much lake water in my nose . :( 
is visting the real world for a little bit . 
Dear < PROPMALE > , I don't really consider the unannounced presence of the Bishop to be something to joke about when I'm playing . Even if it shouldn't be that big of a deal . 
maybe I can't make my self unseeable , but I think I made myself unsearchable . 
being blind has a fascinating effect on my memory and other senses . 
won the fight with my computer but is still a long way from home with transport being represented by a car held together with pipe cleaner . 
woodsmoke , acitone and nail polish fumes , oh my poor head . :/ 
my darling sister tells me I have abs of marshmello , which is probably what makes me so sweet . :) 
it frustrates me sometimes that the church door doesn't respond to the car's keyless entry . 
now knows how to prep her computer for it's auto-destruct sequence , the actual destruct sequence is still beyond me though . 
Loves Liszt , if not so much the edition she has . 
all the roads hate me today . 
how can huge chunks of glass get two rooms away and around a corner from where it broke ? 
so as far as anyone can tell , my mother is at the doctor's and she isn't sick or pregnant . I'm thinking there's probably something I don't know and I should be scared . 
yesterday I discovered that I can't sing the second verse of an unfamiliar hymn while I am playing and transposing . Yet somehow I think this might be more doable than tying < PROPFEMALE > stems with my tongue ; I can't even manage a grape stem . 
next time I'm outside all day , I need 100 spf sunscreen and a second coat . 
is so excited that she finaly got to use her squirt tube of < PROPFEMALE > :) \ 
would have been able to use it long ago without my sadistic orthodontist . 
in the car today my little sister mistook Tavner for PDQ Bach so I had to explain to her that the later sounds bad on purpose to be funny while the former just is trying to do something new and different . 
has a fantabulous pair of slightly different sized ears . I'm blaming painkillers for the size difference . 
< PROPMALE > has a dump truck dancing at a wedding in the living room to Tallis . :) 
gets her stitches out tommorrow . 
is going to miss St < PROPFIRST>'s , both the people and their lovely organ . It has been a pleasure to worship with you all . 
I wanna go back home !!!!!!!!!!! Stupid organ here is 33.33% ciphers . :( 
needs a Dr Robbins to Dr < PROPFIRST > translator . 
really does not want to do homework . 
it kind of bothers me when that the order in which I multiply things actually matters . 
doesn't like going to meetings and not knowing what they are supposed to be about . It really scares me . 
my emotions are what make me feminine , give me power and drive . How can you tell me not to feel exactly what I am feeling ? 
I think that it is pretty amazing that I can audition decently with only 16 hrs notice when I already have a full schedule and have nothing to play and have been feeling nauseous . Nevertheless , I am glad that is behind me , and I dearly hope I will never have to do anything on par with that again . 
so everyone can have at least some warning ; my phone is not functioning at all this morning . I can't call , text , use the camera or even turn it off . So if you want to contact me , email is probably your best bet . 
I'm not a big fan of singing alto , it hurts after much time , it makes it twice as hard to do dynamics and articulation when it's in the bottom of my range , I can give all I have and it still not be enough and besides , Dr Reichwald is better looking . 
loves her littles <3 
I want veto power over what I do . 
may have actually succeeded in finding something that works as an alarm . 
it occurs to me that when someone suggests eating bananas so you don't get cramps doesn't mean half a banana thirty minutes before hand . I wonder if I'll be able to walk tommorrow . :( 
broke her braces somehow . With my tongue , I wasn't even eating . :( 
really wishes that she could have gone home this weekend and stayed through evensong . 
I think this morning I started on top of a hill and have been experiencing the snowball effect ever since . 
thinks it's funny that she can buy yeast , but not alcohol . 
is scared of this week . I think it might kill me , three tests , a paper on an article I haven't read and a presentation .... no way am I going to be able to talk for an hour . 
it's kind of amusing that I remember more helpful stuff for this homework from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > talking about it many years ago than from my class yesterday . 
has < PROPFIRST > hair , thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Jones ! :) 
spoken psalm . Really ? To chicken to even let me attempt improving your choir's psalm chanting ? This hurts my soul . 
is tired , blind , hungry , in the mood for quitting and really wanting to continue that trend , and can't for the life her find these bloody quotes . 
What seems to be increasingly driven home to me this week is that any student's capstone project , no matter how hard they work , how well they research or practice , has the potential to be ruined arbitrarily by a single professor . 
loves singing , but really wishes alto parts were higher , or at least that directors would let you choose in which octave to sing them . 
really wants a recital date . It breaks my heart that I did everything I was supposed to and still can't get one . Just not in Febuary please ? 
spent some time reading the PSOM handbook . It mentions being sure < PROPFIRST > recital hall is open ; it doesn't say it has to be there , or in Twichell , or on campus , or even in Spartanburg . 
is officially defeated by paper writing . The longest thing I've ever written is 7 pages , with footnotes and counting the bibliography , yet I'm supposed to come up with 9 pages by tommorow . 
for those of you who are interested , I have now semi-certainty that my < PROPMALE > recital will be on the 29th of April at 4:30 . 
Should have majored in Violin . What an idiot . 
had an amazing time playing twister and monopoly with < PROPFEMALE > Buchanan !!!!! ;) 
dust motes are so entertaining and pencils provide a world of distraction , and even more combined with paper . 
Anglican chant can be so increadibly beautiful . Listening to it is absolutely making my day . 
realized today that she needs to think of < PROPMALE > and Theory the same way and totally nix the mathy part of her brain . 
Dear Voice , I'm sorry for all the aweful things I do to you , not feeding you correctly or warming up properly , and for being mad at you for not being what you aren't , but I still love you and miss you and if you could come back for a visit it would be nice . 
is going to be trapped in Spartanburg despite a dirth of exams on exam week . Botheration . 
started christmas shopping , yay for black friday . :) 
loves Rutter , and Palestrina , and being able to sing again ! ( mostly ) 
chugging guaifenesin before lessons and carols round 1 . I have the opportunity to be in four , how amazing is that ? 
really could care less about < PROPFEMALE > Crawford Seeger . What I want to know is what happens with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > if < PROPMALE > is stuck underground . 
feels very efficient today . I have practiced three instruments in the past 30 hours , cleaned my room , started my christmas break assignment and prevented my siblings from killing each other off thus far . 
tommorrow is advent IV and today the tree is being put up , mostly not by me , which is a nice change . 
I really love singing in choirs that can't manage lip trills without dissolving into giggles . 
is cold . I think my body decided to give up on making heat and I can't say that I really want a white Christmas ever . I'd rather spend one in Australia , or maybe New Zealand . 
Yay for English loaning me a playable version of \Who May Abide . \ " I can survive next Sunday yet . " 
is the proud new owner a registered , tagged and insured 1994 Escort . And it gets better , my liscence plate number is ten times my choir number , now I just need to put it on the car instead of the counter ... 
why do I never read the fine print ? It might behoove me to do so sometimes , I'd notice things like this class is on solo lit , but it's probably still better than gambling . 
and I thought I could learn all this .... why ? I loathe < PROPFIRST > term . 
my fingers are so incredibly out of shape . I suppose that's what I get for practicing on electro-pneumatic and mini organs . 
so if I ever need an exorcism , somebody make good and sure I fast on bread and water for a week so any and all drugs would be out of my system . 
I feel like today was a very eventful day , I learned how to take the lid over the piano's keys off , played in seminar for the first time ever , from memory without crashing or falling off the bench , learned that there's a hymn in the episcopal 1982 hymnal that has 11/8 and 3/4 simultaniously and had some momentary insight into some people on my hall . 
this philosophy of I can't do anything about it so I may as well ignore it is not working out for me . 
how am I supposed to blame stupid ideas on someone else if I can't exactly put footnotes in what I say on stage ? 
Note to self : Don't ever put your alarm clock in reach of your bed when you're only planning on sleeping two hours . :( 
so after that lovely sermon about things being in God's hands , I want to take things into my own hands . After all , I can't mess it up any more . 
I am an epic failure at holding grudges . I keep forgetting that I'm not on speaking terms with a certain someone . 
I made it through talking in front of people today without being sick or crying and there was no one there who will tell me that I sucked only with more words . 
< PROPMALE > says that I don't need a boyfriend because I have him . <3 
How is the Sound of Music not on my computer ? This makes me so sad ! 
Someday I will be able to do the caribbean halle , halle hallelujah and it will be better than all the youtube recordings . 
apparently my soul is made of cake . :) 
I found out today that RTFM does not stand for ' read the fine < PROPMALE>' this is what I go to college for . 
\Malt does more than < PROPMALE > can to justify God's ways to man . \"" 
I should really consider giving up singing in choirs . It just isn't worth the effort . 
Today was a slew of bad ideas strung together . Starting with getting out of bed . Why would anyone do that in the first place ? 
It may have taken me long enought to admit this , but I suck at theory . And choosing who to trust . 
I saw some < PROPFEMALE > green oak leaves today ; they always look so beautiful ! 
slightly irked with Liszt . Maybe he'll behave better in the morning . 
Actually emailed my mother today , who I haven't spoken to for well over a month . \ 
:( prayers would be greatly appreciated . 
It occured to me today that it is ironic that so many people are opposed to suicide but support abortion . 
there are definitely muscles in my arm that I didn't know existed , but I used them in my violin lesson today anyhow . Now if I can just remember what it feels like to use them ... 
Why do I have to pay taxes on scholarships ? this isn't right , I never even see that money anyhow !!!! Thank you Obama . :( fml . 
Apparently on my phone , if you reset the call times , it also deletes all your contacts . So if you haven't texted me in the past couple of days , I don't have your number . 
Oddly enough , the more I lose , the more I realize how much I have for which to be grateful . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones is the most splendiforous synchronized swimmer , routine writer , and roomie ever !!!!!! 
Where do I want to be this Easter ? I've been at St Martins for the past several years , do I want to do any different this year ? 
Finally done for the day !!!! Now I just need to find things , like my floor , bed and desk . 
has a new job as the organist at Central United Methodist !!!!!!!!!! 
Surely it's too soon to be having recital nightmares ? I'm not going to last if this keeps up . 
Today , the amazing boy that I am blessed to have as a brother is five years older . He says that he thinks he's taller today . :) 
passed my prehearing !!!! So now I know I can play music beyond < PROPMALE > level from memory . :) 
Seriously considering not getting up tomorrow . I don't know if I can take another day . 
If I have to be strong , I can . I did make it back to school in one piece . 
I love how I'm done with my recital and finished with organ music for all of not five minutes before I get a folder full of new music . Really ?!? The price I have to pay for being so popular ... 
I wonder if anyone else listens to Desprez while cleaning their room . Probably not , it's not exactly inspiring for cleaning , I haven't really acomplished anything . 
it is incredibly depressing to be heading off to rehearse a choir with Brennan and English to compare myself to . There's now way this can look good . :( 
For some reason I get funny looks when I explain that I can't sing anymore because I took a voice class . 
The only thing worse than doing poorly enough to fail a class ... having to read the same bloody < PROPMALE > book again . :( 
Had an amazing time playing on inflateable things with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and my little < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What is the point of celebrating Mother's Day ? I'm always told that everyone's parents messed them up to a greater or lesser extent . Why would we want to celebrate being messed up ? 
I wonder if I'm actually bad at packing or if I've just been convinced that I am . 
\I think it was ' Blessed are the cheesemakers ' . \ " \ 
I finished my last test , only took a whopping three and a half hours . Now I have nothing left to do but practice , rehearsals , and packing . 
All this time in the kitchen and I have a whopping thirty-one cookies .... the dough and the cookies are both excellent though . :) 
It's ridiculous to assume the worst before you know better right ? Someone remind me of this . 
Had fun climbing over rocks with < PROPFEMALE > today , the only thing better would be if I could conquer this piece and it's stupid random abrupt modulations . 
All full of mini Mini holes and very grateful that my baby sister does NOT have a brain tumor and her paralysis is getting better . 
Attempting to mend bridges , cross your fingers for me that it doesn't blow up in my face . 
Anyone in the greenville/spartanburg area want to go to < PROPFEMALE > for the RSCM evensong tomorrow in the afternoon ? 
I think I'm about to cry in frustration .... wait no , I just did that , I guess it's time to alternated with screaming . 
I finally have a fully functional phone again !!!!!!!!!!! Now I just need contacts . And I apologize to anyone who tried to reach me by phone over the past few days . 
\Ya'll ruined my reputation last week . Now I'm known as a transectional . \ " love choir humor :) " 
So scared . Had I not been told a couple years ago that < PROPMALE > needs his big sister , no power on earth could induce me to budge an inch towards Columbia tomorrow . 
All these beach shops with their lovely sayings about family members are really getting to me . 
There may possibly be such a thing as listening to too much music , half the thoughts that run through my head burst into song and then derail . 
At least one of my pieces is available for kindle , which , if I had one , would solve < PROPFEMALE > turning difficulties , I can just use my nose ! 
I'm about tired of ice cream ... I never dreamed that could even happen . To what is this world coming ? 
Did anyone get anything useful out of Converse101/Student Success Seminar ? I'd hate to think I talked a friend out of taking it if it would help but I can't see that happening and I wish someone had done the same for me . 
So very grateful to be alive . A 55 speed limit highway littered with suggested speeds of 25 , 35 and 40 does not a worthwhile short cut make . 
Making cinnamon snails :) 
So excited < PROPFEMALE > and I got to move in today , although I'm convinced she packs lead in her suitcases . :P 
Unpacking all the stuff that has been in the attic brings back so many memories . Some are even good . 
Making actual coffee for the first time in my life . 
is 20 too young to have a midlife crisis ? 
< PROPFEMALE > actually texted me . <3 
trying to decide if i should shower to rid myself of the reek of cigarette smoke , or if I'm not sober enough to care ........ it's a hard decision . 
really feel like I've done enough getting along with difficult people for a lifetime . And practicing for the future is a lame excuse anyhow ... 
And nothing yet remains to do , But begin the game anew . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Webber is indeed alive just as I had thought ! Maybe I can crank out ten pages on him ? 
Today was absolutely fabulous , from 7:15 pm unto the present time ..... 
Wish I'd had organ lit freshman year ... I'd be a math < PROPMALE > now and not have to do anything . 
All better now . And people can stop treating me like I'm made out of eggshells . 
How do you know if confusion is a side effect of your prescription or of just being stupid ? 
\I'm doing much better in school than Cynthia . \ " Such a modest little brother I have . :) " 
Oh nerves , how I did not miss you ! 
I don't understand how I can have two classes , not have frittered my time and after 14 hours not have done any homework . 
Maybe the problem with my organ lit book is it expects me to already know all the terms and read random other languages . sigh :( 
Officially scheduled my recital for April 13th . Be there . 
I thought I was supposed to not feel like this any more .... :( 
Finished the study guide for the harder of my tests tomorrow ! And there is nothing my computer can do about it . :-) 
I wish people would tell me what I have a right to know without making some decision that I can't handle it . 
No one on youtube sings the stuff I like up to my standards ... I'd sing myself but there are still enough people around that I shouldn't . sigh . 
\If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew\ 
Today I felt particularly aware that I know a lot of wonderful people and I feel very blessed . 
