I'm a little tea pot\ 
Happy New Years 

Bacon tastes better on good Friday ... 
The Congolese economy .... how interesting 
Splurb ... 
WWTVZD ? 
I just went on one hell of a virtual tour of Africa i'll tell you what ... 
' s Grandpa is insane and threatening to kill his dad ... 
Goodbye dear mustache .... maybe someday we shall meet agaaaaaiiiiinnnnn 
MLA can ML lick my scrotum 
thinks that Six Feet Under is one of the most well rounded shows ever made and advises anyone who enjoys a good piece of drama or simply a very well made television series to give it a look if they already haven't . There's 5 seasons in all and I've wrapped up the 2nd season waiting for season 3 to finish downloading . I can't wait . 
has a Macro-Economix class to go fail in about an hour 
I've got a question for everyone and the first person to answer wins a special happy prize : \ 
A man built a rectangular house with all four sides facing south , A bear walked past the house . What color is the bear ? 
horse tranquilizers 
work a summer job ? why would i wanna do something like that ? 
If on the sabbath you slap a silly < PROPFEMALE > senseless with a slightly seasoned swordfish should sanctions be set to deter said slapping ? 
trick dat 
wurk and birk .... hoorah 
pretty sure it's nice out , I think I might go into wildered places ... 
Anybody seen any good movies recently ??? 
May the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > smile upon ye .... 
wake and bake ... god my room's messy and there seems to be a unpleasant fragrance coming from somewhere , I've got a bit of investigating to do . 
When the non-lethal weapons aren't enough ... bring in the Tankquilizer 
Yes , this goes for anyone who enjoyed District 9 and especially anyone that is a huge blue man group movie fan . We the people demand quality science fiction movies and there are plenty of great books out there just waiting to be used as templates . So why should we settle for < PROPFIRST > off < PROPFIRST>'s CGI fantasy brainchild ? The answer we shouldn't , it's simple stop going to see these horrible movies that is the only way . 
Is it just me or is Hollywood recently trying to sugarcoat countless years of racism in human history with these movies about oppressed aliens ? I don't know which is more ridiculous ; the fact that a lot of people actually think these so called science fiction movies are well thought out or the fact that humans could learn a completely foreign bug alien language in less than 20 years . 
If you can't remember who you are then what can people remember you by ? 
lyrics ... ______________ ... fill in za blank 
It's ... SATURDAY ... so what ? 
What is the craziest movie's mit aliens in ? 
back in 1974 we shot this into space\ 
000000101010100000000000010100000101000000010010001000100010010110010101010101010101001001000000000000000000000000000000000000011000000000000000000011010000000000000000000110100000000000000000010101000000000000000000111110000000000000000000000000000000011000011100011000011000100000000000001100100001101000110001100001101011111011111011111011111000000000000000 
demonic hoards please take my pap pap 
Labatt Blue and slaying nazi zombies ain't nuttin butter 
Swing low sweet chariot ... comin for to < PROPFEMALE > me ho 
what are fiends for ? 
Booyahkasha 
sangwich fixin 
A world of sunshine bitches 
is about to be off on a voyage in search of a cool mountain stream carved in rock 
< PROPFEMALE > breeze makes me feel ... wine ... box ' o ' wine 
Yonder come miss < PROPFEMALE > 
U-S-A ! 
ain't cha glad , ain't ya glad that the blood done signed yo name ... 
is almighty alright 
how's about a show in the treasure land 
so last night i got a bit dingus happy on the ol ' facebook 
Ice Road Truckers 
is trying not to waste another day inside playing various EA Sports games , but he can't predict the future so it just might happen again 
EVERYONE and ANYONE listen up : fire at the Gorge tonight GREAT TIMES , FUN TIMES , and MORE . FIRE NIGHT FUN TIMES @ the GORGE TONITE !!! JUST COME !!! 
don't try singin ... on unstable rocks ... cause sometimes you'll fall and hurt your ... seeeeellfff ... tryin not to fall in a fire .... that was a poem by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > drungus 
your welcome , your welcome to me 
facebook has requested myself as someone i might know 
is watchin Tremors in slow motion to fall asleep .... mmmmmmmm bbbaaaaacoooon ..... Kevin bacon that is 
propane , propane 
needs to stop trying to break various possessions of his whilst drinking in excess 
a tisket ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the man he gets in big trouble but just keeps on truckin ' 
Spain Germany semis who's watchin ? 
I straight up pimp whose ? 
leaving for DA BEACH ! 
Damn it feels good to be gangsta ... oh yeah , and it's cool to be back in Dubwah 
I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight I'm gonna fall in my sleep tonight 
attention , a tension , uh ten < PROPFEMALE > 
is trying to find his breath ... it's in my mouth 
Futball Volleys mit kommen einen park ? 
manager calls says , \drivers are only supposed to wear black shorts or blue < PROPFIRST > shorts . \ " \ 
busy bodies , regulars , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wanna be's 
everyone's living according to someone else's half forgotten lyrics and it makes me cry 
how the fuck do i remove certain \friends\ " ??? anyone know i can't find the button " 
so get out your lead pipe pipe dreams and get out your ten foot flags , the insects are huge and the poison's all been used and the drugs won't kill your day job 
just found out that his five year old niece jumped on his brother in laws kidneys and she hospitalized him ( niece's dad ) for a few days ... i hope everything is alright 
i've got a tired headface 
give the finger to the rock ' n ' roll singer as he dances upon your paycheck 
looks as if i'm going to be at PSU Dubois for one more semester , then off to the big UP 
The ability to delete retarded posts before anyone sees them ... priceless 
When i write poetry i like to focus on the deep recesses of outers spaces and the stars ... and then you capture them and put em into word processors and spelling is simple they do it all for you 
ice cold beer in the afternoon makes me feel ggggooodd sometimes 
tray da mangtanurant fo da flowmastas on the fli [ side comin ya !!!! 
maybe the young kids just understand the face pages better ... so doooo 
soccer tennis in the afternoon ... humidity is high by the stakes are even higher as Nazimiec takes on < PROPFIRST > in less than a half hour at the Dubois City Park ... there is sure to be thrills trills and some great soccer tennis volleys 
i am 68 , i am the 68 , the 68 is am i , for is me 68s am is 
my computers working again NO VIRUS take that you stupid Malaysian computer hackers 
Trucked a U-Haul from the steel city in less than an hour and a half , Zip ZOOM 
CORN FLAKES 
Inignot : You and your third dimension . \ 
\ 
Frylock : What about it ? \ 
Inignot : Oh , nothing , it's cute . We have five . \ 
[ Pause ] Err : Thousand . \ 
Inignot : Yes , five thousand . \ 
Err : Don't question it . 
I think Dog Fish Head has ruined < PROPFIRST > Adams forever 
I love my baby Whooouugee 
I like single malt scotch more than my dad and he makes lawyerings , does this qualify me as an alcoholic ? 
thumb picks ! whoddathought ??? 
His world was a pastel impression on a window frosted from morning dew 
Blackberry Witbier , gross 
Will watching more ATHF help your social life ? No , but it will increase your comfort and enjoyment levels ten fold ... 
I NEED SOCCER TENNIS PLAYERS !!! For Serious 
SOCCER TENNIS ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > love guitar string vibrations 
PBR makes me gassy . 
you must eat the tuna sandwich not inhale the tuna sandwich , because then you might a choke on your sandwich and tuna is weird in your throat and kind of hard to cough up 
Broke a guitar string\ 
I have no spares , I think I'll \ 
drink some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Swim 
If all you got is somethin ... stoooopid to say , don't say it at all ya dingus ... for your health 
pierogie onion and butters 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Red Label : oh what a night ? cap ? it's a night cap , Who want's a night cap ? this guy ... 
me tired of intranet\ 
grows mold , dust collects 
is a douche . 
loves writing songs :) 
Tip toe hop scotch the hot spots as to not stain your shoes with the rugged rusted remnants of the every other day blues 
Jazz Funk Fusion does it get any better ?... yes ya dingus 
up bright and burly to catch the pool else it's liable to runnoft 
The word dingus is used to describe a gadget that is nameless or has lost it's name over years( e.g. My brother was out in the garage messing with his dinguses , pl . I only have one dingus , s . this one dingus is the only dingus I have ) Great many have argued tirelessly over plural form of dingus , some argue that the true plural of dingus should in fact be dingi , don't listen to them they are just a bunch of DINGUSES ! 
just had one of those dreams that makes you feel like you've lost a piece of yourself or an important opportunity , but after you wake up you slowly realize there's enough time to make things right . 
screw yo to do list , i gotsa too dank list 
Da Google logo BE CRAZY TODAY B !!!! 
don't forget the snooze button or else you might just miss your morning maths .. 
now to swim and make selves greats 
is thinking about going to over the mountain tonight for drinks and open mic ... c'mon who wants to go with ? 
some scotch to sip at 5 o'clock is smooth 
There goes my brain again trying to ... 
Can't deal with apocalyptic mindsets ... stems from religious vestiges ... whatever happened to having a little faith ... in human kind ? 
The infinite escapes us and the finite is what we cannot escape ... 
A.S.I.P. season premiere tonight space cadets ... 
So < PROPFEMALE>'s just gonna do that .... bitches 
durp dedurp dedurp ppllllluuuuuuuuuuuuppppppppp ...... 
loves every last drop of Samurai Champloo ... 
Does anybody like chess ? 
Children's Hospital what a great show ... i recommends it's's on adultswim.com 
Mr. Body Massage machine ... GO ! 
does everyone love those smoke filled mess halls ... can i get a little frontal lobe action ?... or at least some full frontal nudgity ... c'mon! 
In Positive psychology , anxiety is described as a response to a difficult challenge for which the subject has insufficient coping skills . [ 26 ] In other words as a child I never got used to slamming beers and feeling uncomfortable in a room full of loud sounds and lights 
things that entertain me are not a part of me ... as long as i continue understanding 
has just reached homeostasis 
is cleaning his trash heap and taking the edge off ... es a laaazy Sonday 
Over the Mountain tonight anyone ? 
A computer lab is a place for work , A computer lab is not for chatting idly about stoooopid shit ... you bitches ... why the hell can't you go to a chatty McChatster place and be retarded with your stupid friend ? 
Anyone up for Over the Mountain tonight ? 
!!! HEY EVERYONE !!! \ 
I need answers to a survey that I am conducting for a class assignment if you could please take one moment to answer it would be greatly appreciated , it's only one question so don't sweat it : \ 
Have you ever fallen victim to any of the following types of injuries ? (state all that apply)\ 
A . ) Broken bone B . ) Pulled muscle C . ) Sprain D . ) None\ 
Thank you for your time ! 
!!! HEY EVERYONE !!! I need answers to a survey that I am conducting for a class assignment if you could please take one moment to answer it would be greatly appreciated , it's only one question so don't sweat it : Have you ever fallen victim to any of the following types of injuries ? (state all that apply)A . ) Broken bone B . ) Pulled muscle C . ) Sprain D . ) NoneThank you for your time ! 
Screwin up chess moves royally yay ! 
INTRANET FINALLY ! 
lost my phone somewheres amongst things , I need to ring it but don't have another phone with which to do so 
gnitsop sdrow sdrawkcab ... ti teg 
is watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s mad for TV movie The < PROPFIRST > Knockers 
Englilish 
computer works once again , i now have linux , but i don't know how anysthings is works and i can't plays any media 
I don't like linux 
spliffs spliffs spliffs ... and scotch \ 
one warms your belly , one slows things down a notch \ 
required reading and taking the edge off\ 
spliffs spliffs spliffs ... and scotch 
Fridays is the greats day , no jerbs and my familys from midswesteses is coming to fvisit fro greats funs 
Like playing games ? Having a good time ? Lucky ! You like charades ? Pictionary ? Lucky ! It is scientific fact enjoying charades and pictionary amongst russian lab rats was correalated with great times and long life . So do ! Tonight at my house charades and pictionaries . Defenseless rat's lives < PROPFEMALE > in the balance , so COME PLAY CHARADES PICTIONARIES AND HAVE GOOD TIMES ! RSVP please and all is welcomes ! 
We all face the < PROPFEMALE > and then we find our own ... some of our own's spill into one another's ... some flat out just are one anothers ' ... and some float on in the abysmal crap of uncertainty without ever really caring so ... what next ? 
Charades and Pictionary ??? holla at me 
I love PREZI , PREZI PREZI PREZI 
Thank heavens for book buy-back ... someone's getting inebriated tonight 
What dies anybody have to say about some charades and pictionary soon ? like tonight ? or soon ... 
I had a dream I quantum leaped into a pantless oldman browsing through wine at a grocery store ... 
There's a hole in your bucket dear < PROPFEMALE > 
tuna melt 
So when did adult content and adult language get rated pg-13 ? They be robbing these kids of der yout ... 
I'm gonna live on a mountain of chairs 
If you run in your house sooner or later you're probably gonna nail your toes off a door frame .... ouch 
Especially fun dream last night : it started in some futuristic ghetto where i was sent to protect some kid , shooting ensued running and battling , then while on some sort of commercial space plane ride there was what i assumed to be a terroristic attack in which we narrowly escaped and successfully re-entered the atmosphere riding emergency rockets bareback wearing atmospheric re-entry armor . 
Got drunk last night and made a grammar song to help myself remember all the coordinating conjunctions ... i guess it's better than getting drunk , and being unproductive 
Hooray , my guitar is finally mine ! 
New guitar and exponentially potent white russians , I beg you to think of a better combination , nay , I DARE you to think of one ... 
My brain is floating , white russians sneak up on ya , i think it's cause they taste like milk ... for your health . 
Buying a Morphsuit soon . Is anyone else interested in becoming a Morph ? Because there's discounts when you buy more 
Can't stop drinking coffee today 
The sky is clear , so\ 
I gazed at stars until my \ 
legs were no longer there . 
If it weren't for the last minute , I wouldn't get anything done . 
Es and teeties meine freunde , es and teeties . 
I think I'm falling in love ... with constructing the character < PROPFIRST > J . < PROPFIRST > . 
Just got Endymion in the mail gonna read as much of it as possible before class ... score ! 
Last one there's a penis pump . 
Working on transferring to Pitt's school of arts and sciences . This application is surprisingly short , I suppose my transcript will speak for it's self . 
Well , I've fribbled away another perfectly good hour in the library . 
I just invented a new sport in my living room called Stool-Top Bucketball and man is it ever fun . 
7 hours left and I have one frame of my presentation done . I need to chugga chugga choo the shit out of this topic . 
If the world were a < PROPFEMALE > plate , I'm pretty sure I'd spike it off the pavement today . 
Is there anything to do on a Friday ? 
FTW , Black Ops . 
Why does the panic in the eyes of my English 202 classmates make me grow calmer ? 
Mr. Blue Sky , please tell us why you're hiding behind this god awful snow ? 
Happy Birthday Bunson ! 
Brain thoughts , sluggish\ 
Writing , too much\ 
too much , violin concertos\ 
Gorillaz time , one song boogie down 
Sorry I ruined your Black Panther party ... \ 
- < PROPMALE > Gump 
Doobie doo 
I'm pregnant ... \ 
April fools ! 
So within five minutes all of this happened this morning : My binder spewed it's contents all over the bathroom floor , I nailed this guy in the face with a door , and then I nearly slipped in some mud on my way to the library . It's gonna be a good day . No , seriously I mean it . 
