In New York having a great time !!!! 

Just arived home from New York . I got great news this week !! I got excepted to the University of Mississippi , and my contract came from the Air Force . So I have a choice to make by tomorrow .. Pray for me FB ! 
Just got done looking at the pictures from the Godspell play and theature class . What great times ! lol 
Just got done working out . I'm on week 2 of my 14 week program , and I'm feeling great . lol 
I woke up to find that our cat just had some kittens . Hey are so cute ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I just made the best chicken teriyaki sandwachs for dinner ... and they were the truth .. lol 
Just had a long day , and getting ready to relax . 
Just came home from jogging . 
I went bike riding , worked on the bowflex , and did some yoga . Now I feel 110% better ! 
I just made it back from exercising . I have 19 days til I leave . Pray for me .. 
Wow .... Time is cutting close . I leave in 12 days for the Air Force . 
Just woke up , about to go salsa dancing ... Trying to have fun with the family 
I leave in 6 day . The Lord have help me make it this far and I know he will help me find the way .... I cut my hair this weekend and cried just about the whole time .... IDK FB 
This is my last weekend in Indy ... I might < PROPFEMALE > with you know who this weekend , or stay home and enjoy my last weekend with some oreo's and the TV . lol .. idk 
This is my last night at home . I go to the hotel tomorrow and leave Tuesday . I went to church today and service was great . Everyone please pray for me . Hope the next two day go wonderful ! 
This will my last post before I leave .. I wont be back on tin the end of December or the begining of January . To friends and family , I love you guys and what I have learned for you will help me see it through . San < PROPFIRST > , here I come ... 
Hey FB , I graduated yesterday and will be home on the 23rd . See you all soon ! 
I'm home for the holiday and glad to be . 
First year bringing in a New Year without my fam .. I love yall and Hope yall have a great New Years .. 
I want to thank everyone that sent me birthday wishes . I know I took a long time to say it , but I've been to busy to get on .. Thanks again and Love yall ! 
Going to look at some cars today . Hope I find one I like ! 
I was asked these questions today :\ 
\ 
1 . What it mean to be an Airman ? \ 
\ 
2 . Why don’t people in the Air Force like to be called Airman .. Is It due to our rank structure or the way people use the word Airman ? \ 
3 . Do you feel like your Warrior ? 
Talk to my buddies from back home today . I miss them so much ... 
I'm glad to be home ! :} 
I just made it in from a great night with my sisters ... Love you Frnchie and < PROPFEMALE > ! And I'm gonna miss all my family and friends when I leave in the morning ! :( 
I was once told , “Knowledge is power . ” I chose specific stones to create my path and I’m starting to see that some stones don’t belong and others , I am going to make fit ! 
Sometimes I see my life as if it were part of the earth . The best time'sare when you're at peace and everything is flowing just like themidnight sea . Sometime you have endure many sleepless nights of thestorm , in which you will overcome . Hurricanes , Tornadoes , and Blizzardswill come . But just think of the beautiful waterfall under the shiningsun or the stars that light up the night sky ! 
About to get ready for the Air Force Ball ! 
How about those BEARS ! ( 2-0 ) ..... I know they had it in them ... Sorry < PROPFIRST > , yall just were not good enought ! hahaha 
Sometime life throw you choices . But when do you know which one to choose : The choice that seems the best ? The choice looks the best ? Or the choice the sounds the best ? 
Da BEARS ( 3-0 ) all day ! yea ... I have faith in my team 
Feel good to have made it 1 year ... Happy 1 year 044 !!! 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will , be\ 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
At time's I find myself in happyness ! 
Seaport Lobster and Shrimp for dinner and Saw 3D after ! You cant end the weekend any better ... :) 
3 mile run then I have to go to basketball practice . Its gonna be a long day ! 
? \ 
“As if life were like the earth . There are many different weather forecast . We have the a bright < PROPFEMALE > day fallowed by a beautiful starlit night . Every one in a while we have hurricanes flow our way , and on rare occasions we have acts of God ! ”\ 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > ( God Mother ) I love you very much and will miss you . I am sad because you have life me with out me being able to say my last goodbye ! RIP GOD MOM 
Feeling a little under the weather :/ 
Yes ! My BEARS did it again . ( 8-3 ) I keep the faith ! :) 
So excited but sad at the same time . I'm in shock ! LOL 
So my BEARS are 10-4 .. Yes we are going all the way ! 
I wish I could be home to see nieces and family for the holiday ! I love you all and hope ya'll have a wonderful Christmas . 
Cupid doesn't lie\ 
But you won't know unless you give it a try\ 
. I truly live up to my name ! You can call me Ms. Cupid ... 
Felling a little home sick today , and missing the family like crazy . Why does clicking your heels only work for < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Long week of work ... Now it's time to relax 
Just got done listening to my all-time favorite album “AS I AM” .. Track 7 has to one of the best ! 
Yes ! We are in the 3rd quarter .. 21-0 .. Lets get it BEARS ! 
Slab of ribs for dinner and it was great .. Now it’s time to get ready to go out :D 
