I won a trip to Iceland . Awesome night . 

Stuck in Connecticut for the weekend because my car crapped out and won't be fixed until next week . 
Getting all my ducks in a row for the move next week . 
My last day at work today . Then intense packing . Then intense driving . 
Eating the yummiest cookies made from local cookie dough . Chocolate chip , oatmeal , granola , butterscotch chip , walnuts and coconut . 
Iowa has really bad pizza . 
Just dropped < PROPFIRST > off at the airport . On my own until September . 
next time anyone orders dominos ... order online . They have a tracking thing that lets you know exactly at what point your meal is , while its being prepped , baked , boxed and shipped . Okay I am way to fascinated with the tracker thingy . 
First day of orientation over . Went pretty well I think . Tired though . 
First Day of Classes . 
< PROPFIRST > comes back tomorrow night ! 
Missing my loves at home . A lot ... all of a sudden . 
I really wanted to skip class and sleep .... but then I realized how much I am paying for this . 
I think I need to go buy some Vit D supplements . I think everyone needs to go take a whole bunch of Vit D .... unless you are one of my sun-baking freak friends . And then at least this is one thing you do not have to worry about . You may have no skin in the future but you will have a lower < PROPMALE > of breast , colon , ovarian , and prostate cancer , multiple sclerosis , and schizophrenia . 
Focusing after seven hours straight of lectures is giving me the shakes . 
I think it is interesting and rather expected that the further class progresses , the larger percentage of my classmates are on facebook . 
Ready for this week to be over . 
Homemade dress a fail . Possibly could be recovered ... but not by tomorrow . Shopping bright and early tomorrow . 
So I was violently ill yesterday . So no plane , no wedding ... boo . 
my brain feels like mush 
Still homesick . 
Discussion of frantically masturbating monkeys by professor . Check . 
Why is it that no one on cash cab knows any basic science questions ? jeez . 
There was about a cup of litter left in the < PROPFEMALE > litter bucket , and Crow decided to forgo the box and go directly to the source . I really wish I had seen it . 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes . 25 is grown up isnt it ? scary . 
What a serendipitous night . 
Just played my new Wii fit . 
Had a crazy new years in Boston . Saw two near < PROPMALE > award recipients . Now off to New Hampshire for skiing/ relaxing funness . 
Back in Iowa . It is beyond ridiculously cold . 
has no voice 
\ride out the wave \"" 
is full of show tunes 
Question I never knew I needed to know the answer to . \Why is poop brown\ " . Well now I know and knowing if half the battle . " 
at foal ICU until 7:30 am . I somehow thought last night , that setting my alarm for 2:45 a would give me 45 < PROPFEMALE > to get dressed and get over here by 3a . I got here by 3a ... 
The little rental car did not appreciate the surprise snow . At a hotel in < PROPFIRST > MO . 
5 weeks and I am done . 
I was really hoping that I wasn't going to be called into Foal ICU at 3am tonight .... oh well . 
\Attack of the Desmosomes\ " next on the dermatology horror fest " 
I cannot find my car key . 
Just over 2 weeks left . 
As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > Instant Personalization and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost . " 
DONE !!! for the first year at least . 
Leaving Iowa first thing in the morning . 
In Sandusky Ohio for the night . 
In Arlington . 
Back in MA/CT for the summer ! 
Had a fabulous weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in Maine ! 
Back in Arlington after working in Plainville for the week . 
In Ames until the 28th . 
so sunburned 
6 days until I am back in Iowa . 
Really glad my trailer is on high ground . 
Leaving < PROPFEMALE > this morning . 
In Elyria Ohio for the night 
Back in Ames 
More evidence that listening and hearing are two completely different skill sets . 
I like it on the floor pushed into a corner . 
I was really hoping when I woke up this morning that today was daylight savings time ... but no , have to wait another week to sleep for an extra hour . 
Got my ticket to go to < PROPFEMALE > from December 26- < PROPFIRST > 8 . 
My parasite notes actually contain the phrase \all cases of < PROPFEMALE > are fatal \"" 
I just had a 15 minute conversation with a student from Umass who was soliciting donations and alumni goodwill . I informed him that he needed to take advantage of his undergrad years because life will never again be so carefree and lovely . Ever . \ 
\ 
Really having trouble studying . 
Thinking about getting a lab puppy . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > cane pie . Excited its December , been waiting all year for it . 
Why not :\ 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children 
Yay ! done . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
On hold with Priceline trying to figure out how I am going to get home since my flight was canceled due to the snow coming into Boston . 
In Arlington , MA . Finally . 
Not capable of focusing . Should have gone home for a nap . 
By the way . I am going back home for Spring break . I dont think Ive mentioned that . 
My dog just coughed up a hairball . Im rather confused . 
