Happy New Year ... it's a new start .... may everyone be blessed with good fortune and happiness . 

Long day at work today . One more 12 hour day to go . Gotta go to bed and stop watching the MJ stuff . RIP MJ 
I just worked a 6 hr shift I may not get paid for while \on vacation\ " Oh the Pharmacy gods have spoken again ...... " 
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend of quilting ... spending her last few days of vacation completing her projects . 
thinks she should not watch HGTV ... it gets her into to much trouble . 
loves watching Conan \coco\ " . He is so silly " 
What's with all the cops pulling people over . I saw 3 cars pulled over in a 4 mile stretch . I'm now driving like a grandma as it is . 
The Wizard of Oz in on TV tonight ...... when I saw that I kinda got excited like when I was a kid ..... We used to watch it once a year ... I don't know why I still get excited we have the DVD downatairs . It's just not the same as regular TV 
I find it ironic that at my son's college they have a strict alcohol policy . \the body is the container\ " yet they are showing the movie \ " The Hangover\ " tonight . " 
thinks this rain has to stop . I have been so sleepy all day . Me and the cats . 
I ordered 50 photo xmas cards from shutterfly but recieved 150 . So everyone .... you are all getting a card . Luckily I did not get charged . 
If you like Pirates call Shutterfly customer service . 1-888-225-7159 . Listen to the options It will tell you if you select #6 you will hear these options like a pirate . Select 6 for a good laugh :) 
I never get tired of watching Christmas Vacation ... funny 
What is your favorite Christmas Vacation movie quote ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ..... I can't believe my kids are grown and I am still up until 1am . 
Sorry fiolks parks closed ... moose out front should have told you ... no fireworks 
Hap Hap happy new year !!!! 
I just discovered Weight Watchers cheeseburgers ... OMG ! Fantastic ..... 
OMG ..... Conan's show tonight is great .... really slammin NBC 
Good Morning Everyone ...... 
Went to < PROPMALE > today to run an errand . < PROPMALE > and I went up < PROPFIRST > St from the river . Boy , all the beautiful homes . We went around and picked up brochures for the houses that were for sale(just for fun and curiosity)They are all built in the 1800's . I never knew < PROPMALE > had such historical homes . I looked at the virtual tours on some of these . Ah to dream ... I would love an old home but not the problems that go with them . 
It was such a nice < PROPFEMALE > day .... I'm feeling much better after being sick for 3 weeks . I walked the dogs or shall I say they walked me . I finally got that basket of laundry put away that had been sitting in my bedroom for 2 weeks .. Yeah ! Tomarrow < PROPFEMALE > and I are off to the Fox to see Mamma Mia . Some mamma-daughter time . 
has watched healthcare reform all day ..... I am on politics overload . I've decide to change the channel to \Dude where's my car\ " to clear my palate until the 10:00 vote . " 
Good morning , Happy April Fools day . This was my father's favorite day next to xmas . He would start his day early dragging you out of bed for some drastic reason . Let's hear about all your best April fools tricks . 
is taking it easy this morning of my vacation . We are off to the Cards game this afternoon . Homers Landing here we come . 
is off to Paducah , Ky in the morning to attend the AQS Quilt show . We are staying in < PROPMALE > , Ky . I hope to get some new ideas and see some beautiful quilts . 
is in < PROPMALE > , KY . Only took us 11 1/2 hours to get here via 3 quilt shops and 3 antique malls . Oh ya supper too . 
finished my 10 minute table runner < PROPFEMALE > I bought at the Paducah quilt show but it took me 40 minutes .... go figure . 
I just love < PROPFEMALE > White ... she is so funny . 
is back from bringing < PROPFIRST > home from college . He is sure glad to be home . His roomate passed away the last friday night so it has been a difficult week for him . Pray for the boys family . 
is looking for a small apartment sized coffee table for < PROPFIRST>'s college apartment for next year . If anyone sees one let me know . I picked up 2 end tables today for $20 Bucks . What a steal . 
has wasted enough time on FB tonight . I searched for a new bumper sticker . All the ones that made me laugh were very inappropriate . Oh well ... off to the sewing room . 
Okay .... Does anyone have a favorite Anchorman quote ? I will also take favorite Wedding Crasher Quotes . 
just finished 2 days of 12 hour shifts and little sleep because I had to take care of my big dog < PROPFEMALE > . She whined all during the storms at 3am . I thought the days of getting up with crying babies was over . Time for a day off tomorrow . 
It is going to be a great weekend . My son and I are off to Kansas City to see Conan O'Brien's legally prohibited from being funny in prime time tour . We have nosebleed seats but I hear there is not a bad seat in the house . 
saw a great Conan show last night in KC . The < PROPMALE > Weinberg 7(minus < PROPMALE > Weinberg ) band was fantastic . Who knew LaBamba could sing . The MB bear showed up and Triumph was there . We were up in the balcony and Conan ran up there while performing a song . Now it is off to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Museum on the way home . Have a great day everyone . 
has a day off . Off for some vino and lunch with my gal pals at the winery . It's so Sex and the City without the cosmos . 
thinks she may have finally won the Civil Ant War of 2010 that has been going on in her kitchen for 2 weeks . I feel buggy though . 
is up , has her coffee and is ready to enjoy her weekend ... mani , swimming , BBQ and Sex and the City 2 . Oh ya , they are serving cosmos at the theater . 
and her husband did something we should never attempt together ....... a home improvement project . But all is well and we did not kill each other . We installed a new hall light and it only took us 1 1/2 hours . LOL 
finally finished up 3 quilts she has been working on for about 4 years ..... I started a quilt to give as a gift . It is just gorgeous . It is going to be hard to give this one up . 
has learned ( according to my quizzes ) I am a cross between Grace < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > White and < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw . How can that be ??? 
is out to see Kansas/Styx/and Foreigner in concert tonight . 
You know your cat is fat when they walk across the room and the floor squeaks . 
I am officially on vacation from work for 8 days . Time to relax and enjoy some home time . 
Okay ... I have learned to use my scanner . Everyone is officially on notice . 
is not at all happy she received a copy of AARP magazine today . 
managed to do 2 1/2 mile walk/run today . More walking than running , but it is a start after hurting the ankle . It felt great ! 
< PROPMALE > and I got our antique fountain working in the backyard after much neglect from last year . Took us all day in 95 degree weather . Some new lights added and it looks great . 
No storms today + Gardening + Massage = A great day off . 
I've got strippers coming to the house today ... wallpaper strippers that is :D I'm so excited !!! 
has officially entered the Twilight Zone . My daughter said to me and I quote \When I get home from school tomorrow I am going to eat and start vaccuming and cleaning the house . \ " < PROPMALE > where are you ????? " 
OMG ... I just tried those bags that you store stuff in , then suck the air out . They are great . 
is off to dinner and the Muny with the family . It's going to be a hot one . 
wonders if I am the only person who uses the excuse \I'm not paying attention because I'm on Facebook . \"" 
is feeling WICKED tonight at the Fox Theater . 
remembers past Fourth of July bottle rocket wars .... Good times . Oh crap I've just been hit . 
is looking at a new phone . iPhone or Blackberry ? If you own one of these I would like some input on why you like it . Pros and cons . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Adams miniseries . Very good . 
Can't sleep ... Happy Fourth Facebookers ! God Bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is done lighting off fireworks and the house didn't catch on fire . Yeah .... We have discovered Artillary Shells this year . Thank you Missouri ! 
My son just left for < PROPMALE > , Florida with 4 friends on a road trip to < PROPMALE > Potter World . Be safe guys ... have fun . 
Is posting her first status from her iphone ... still learning . 
is officially on vacation . 
< PROPFIRST > Benetar has taken the stage ;) 
Forgot how crazy lawn seats can be at a concert . REO next . 
went to Night Ranger/Pat Benatar/REO last night . Benatar was struggling vocally but it was still good . The last time I saw REO was in 1979/80 ??? They sounded just as good as they did back in the day . < PROPFIRST > Cronin was amazing . He looks like a cute little munchkin . 
Is out the door to Door County , WS 
Is now arguing with the GPS 
thinks it is good for the soul to get away but coming home and being greeted by 4 little furry faces and sleeping in your own bed is wonderful too . 
2-12 hour shifts in a row = tired . 3 = we shall see . Haven't done that in a long time . 
has learned that working 12 hour shifts makes you sleep through massive thunder and lightning storms . Usually everything wakes me up but NOOOO not the past few days . Bring it on mother nature .... tonight I'm ready again . 
just discovered you can change your language on Facebook to US English ( pirate ) . LOL Pretty funny . 
bridal shower today for Miss < PROPFEMALE > Hommert . 
I had a friend has ask me to go to the county fair tomorrow . I said yes , because I have never been to a county fair and even though it brings up images of pigs , cows , country music and square dancing ... I am still curious . Well , I was not far off . On the schedule for tomorrow ... Pig Swine Judging , Poultry Show and Dance Hall exhibit . Yahoo ! 
OK , I'll play ....... How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a challenge for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... or lack thereof 
if anyone gets a link from < PROPMALE > Polwort . Do not view it . We think he has a facebook virus . He did not send out those links . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , April and < PROPFEMALE > . 
has one more 12 hour shift left for the week . then off to VEGAS BABY !!!! 
I am up , but after working 5 straight days(52 hours ) I am so tired . Instead of VEGAS BABY !!!!!!!!! it is more like ... vegas baby what ????? wake me up when we get there . I am sure I will snap out of it 
On no .... we are in a < PROPMALE > gift shop . Still no < PROPMALE > glasses with the attached sideburns . 
Got a neck massage at the outlet mall today . This is how it went . \ 
\ 
\Joan 
We are at the fountains at Bellagio , I ask my husband if the people next to us are speaking French\ 
He says \I don't know ... it is all Greek to me \"" 
is watching Sleepless in Seattle . I forgot what a wonderful movie it is .... and the music Ah !!!! 
is back to work after 7 days off . The sun is shining . Hope everyone has a great day . 
Google has the Wizard of Oz theme ?????? Is today special ? 
is chillin with Mrs Binks . 
Perfect Audit at last !!!!!!!! Wahoo ! 
strong COFFEE ! 
I've had my nap now time to get ready for my 30 year class reunion tonight . It should be fun ! 
OK today .. really really strong coffee with a side order of B50 Complex and maybe a ibuprofen for good measure . 
RUSH just took the stage . Geddy Is struggling . 
Well my son is all set at college for his second year . I am going to take the back roads home via a few country quilt shops . Just me and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Journey and Foreigner . 
Schucky Ducky Quack Quack !!!!!!! 
thinks the weeks events have caught up with me so I will say goodnight early . I am exhausted ! 
has cleaned the quilting room and is ready to work on some beautiful projects . 
Going to the Cards game today . Looks like it is going to be a beautiful weekend . Everyone Enjoy ! 
has cleaned out her requests section on her Facebook wall . Done all the quiz requests . Accepted all the hearts and you know it is way too much work to send a heart ... points and all . But sorry people .... I ignored your Farmville , Yoville , nails , Mafia requests . They make you feel so guilty when you do . \You have ignored so and so's request\ " Nothing like a good scolding . " 
is in the home stretch of finishing a quilt . Almost passed out from not eating . Now that is dedication . Got a PBJ in me and I am headed back downstairs . 
has woke up and cannot sleep . Listening to the dog snore :( 
Aargh !!!!!! 
I'm at my pharmacy seminar . On the other side of the hotel is the Strowlerfest . There is a performer that says she is a high energy empowering folk rocking and jazzy jivin to a goddess-groovin celebration of the feminine . Hmmm which should I attend ?????? 
has to start giving immunizations at work next year . My needle phobia is why I quit nursing school . Not good :~/ 
Today was my last day as a Girl Scout leader . After 9 years leading my daughters troop . 6 years leading my son's Boy Scout troop with my husband and 7 years as a scout myself . It was a very rewarding experience . And for all you people who heard me complain over the years .... YES it was worth it . 
Just keep sewing ......... 
I almost forgot it's International talk like a pirate day . So shiver me timbers and ahoy mateys I'm ready to fly home ;D 
There's nothing better than redecorating and nothing worse than cleaning up after the mess . 
had a good laugh today . < PROPMALE > had a minor outpatient procedure today . When he came to with me at his side he starts confessing to me all the money he spent on a certain item 3 weeks ago . He tells me this about 3 times then asks me when they are going to do the procedure . Which they already had . Soooo cute . Good thing I am not going under anesthesia . He doesn't want to know how much I spent last weekend :D . 
I love thursday night TV !!!! Greys Anatomy ... Private Practice . It doesn't get any better ! 
is getting ready for the bachelorette party tonight . Going to the Big Bang on the landing . 
I have officially had it ... Last 3 weeks rash , steroids , superficial venous thrombosis , strange bruises(like someone beat me with a bat ) ... blood tests then rash again . Now strep throat . I am tired and sick and bored on top of it . I have a ton of things I want to do but can't . BOO HOOO ! 
is feeling better and her son as come home . Life is good ! 
Has anyone watched \Shit my dad says\ " New TV show with < PROPFIRST > Shatner . A spin off of the real life Twitter/Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . Also if there is anyone that has watched \ " Boardwalk Empire\ " on HBO . Opinions please ........ " 
It is going to be a great day today ! Today we celebrate My niece < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding . I also get to see ALL my brothers and sisters . All 8 of us . This will be the first time we will be together in 8 years . A great day to celebrate family . 
One miner up !!!! Let's pray they all make it up safely . 
Who was the host of soul train in the 70's ???? Anyone ?? 
is finally getting back to normal . Strep gone , Cold gone , Rash almost gone thanks to a wonderful Dermatologist !!! Bad dry skin .... who knew ??? On the upside I have found more TV shows to DVR . Two and a Half Men and How I Met Your Mother ... funny ! Being sick for 3 weeks makes you appreciate feeling well . I am so ready to finish out my week well . Hope you all are well !!! Good night all . 
Somebody needs to clean up the pink slushy !!!!!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr < PROPFIRST > Nely < PROPFIRST > Polwort 
I have nothing to do tomorrow except a massage . I am a happy camper ! 
I have actually done nothing today but sleep . Now it is time for a massage . What was that quiz I took a month ago about the 7 deadly sins . I got sloth . That sounds about right :) Now my son is home for fall break so that has really made my day . 
Everyone may know my hobby is quilting but what does everyone else do for a hobby or just to feed the soul ? It can be as simple as listening to music . Share 
\You can lead a horse to water but you might as well ride em . Hell it's a horse . \ " \ 
The Halloween < PROPFEMALE > is in the house !!!!!! A weight watchers nightmare . The current score is snack size Snickers 5 ....... Joan 0 ... I am losing the battle . Someone hide it ! 
Pumpkin pecan pancakes for breakfast . Pumpkin carving in the afternoon and a Halloween party in the evening . Looking forward to a great weekend . I love Halloween ! 
Is everybody ready to restore sanity today ? But be very afraid while doing it ! 
\Nothing brings people together like ignoring each other to stare at their phones\ " \ 
Happy Halloween !!!!!! 
Kids say the funniest things .... \ 
Hey Lady I like your dog . \ 
Thank you ... He is an old dog . \ 
How old ? \ 
10 years old . \ 
Kid says ... You know dogs only live 15 years so he only has 5 more years to live . \ 
Thanks a lot . 
is sitting here thinking how great it is to end my day catching up with old friends and family spread all over the country . Watching my little great nieces and nephews grow up . ( Trick or Treating ) I have 68 family members if you count my siblings and their families . Facebook sure brings people together . 
thinks there should be a law against having us do a pharmacy webnair at 7:30 am . GRRr 
In an interview today after he was done crying , < PROPFIRST > Boehner says the first thing he will do is try to repeal healthcare . So all the people who voted red in hopes of increasing jobs . Good luck with that ... now you not only won't have a job but now you won't have healthcare either . Happy New Year !!!!! 
Good Morning ! A beautiful day out there . I'm gonna get some christmas presents sewn today . Then tonight it's CONAN TIME !!!!!!!! Let the silliness begin . :D 
is sitting on her front porch swing soaking up this wonderful day with < PROPFEMALE > laying in the front yard . 
He's ON !!!!!!!! 
is watching Airplane ... great movie ..... and don't call me < PROPFIRST > . 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please re-post this if you want . " 
Well just after midnight last night my dog Zoey gave me my birthday gift . He caught me a opossum in the back yard . Now wasn't that sweet of her . He usually only does that when we leave on vacation . < PROPFIRST > Gasser Or when we went to Vegas he caught a turtle . < PROPFIRST > Polwort . I love my little Zoey !!! 
Thanks everyone for thinking of me today . It really means so much to me . 
Out and about with my big Sis < PROPFEMALE > today ... Burr too cold today . 
Had a jewelry party at my house tonight . I haven't had a home show in probably 19 years . I was really fun . Getting out the antique punch bowl and serving dishes . Having fun with friends and family . 
Whew , Christmas cards are done !!!!! Early for the first time :) 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Myer's Cat in the Hat movie .... Hilarious ! I never get tired of the adult humor in this movie . 
SNL and a glass of wine ...... 
Late night sewing session is over . Here comes the rain . I love sleeping when it rains . 
My son is home from college . He has come home sick again . Just like last year . Time to use the pharmacy skills to get him better . Plus since it is no shave November at college again . He is really hairy . So I guess this is not the best time for a christmas card pic . 
12 hour shift ... check . 2 pies in the oven ... check , Cranberry casserole chillin . My night is over . Tiring but I love it ! 
It's snowing !!!! :D 
went into a Pier 1 imports store today twice ..... I thought I'd died and went to heaven . I did manage to buy coffee cup to feed my cute coffee cup addiction . A least it was on clearance . Now I have to find a place to put it :) 
The Wizard of Oz is on TV .... = :) 
Awe RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielson . You made me laugh ! 
today was just an awful day .... someone told me to kiss there ass because I would not break a privacy law and it got worse from there . Who talks to people like that ?? I would never think of talking to any person like that . So sad ... just want to climb under the covers . Sorry .... Facebook is my happy place but not tonight ! Tonight it is a vent . 
Tree is up ... not decorated . Bottom row one side is lit and the other side every other branch is lit . So I turned it around ... Tada ... fixed that . I checked the lightbulbs , all good . I am calling the help line tomorrow . If they can't help looks like I'm just throwing up a extra strand of white lights and calling it a season . This tree is too big to take down . 
Well darn it .... I found 1 bulb missing on my unlit portion of the tree . Replaced it and still nothin . My perfectionist side is being tested . Plus my hair is reeallly messy from being under that tree :) 
is sitting in my favorite spot in front of my partially decorated tree in the dark just like when I was a kid . Just have the ornaments to put on . PS .... I have way to much Christmas stuff and I do not want to part with any of it . Time to call Clean House . 
Day 3 of tree decorating . I found this big red mesh roll I bought 2 years ago . I am cutting it up and stuffing it in the tree . It looked rally good in the floral dept 2 years ago . We shall see 
I loved Peppermint Patty ... she had red hair , freckles and called < PROPFIRST > Brown \Chuck\ " . Plus she never really got that Snoopy was a dog . " 
The 3 Stooges are on .... eye poke , smack , slap ...... 
worked and got my nap in ... time to finish the tree tonight ! Then to decorating the rest of the house tomorrow . 
Off to bed I go ..... night night Facebookers !!!!! 
is almost done with the house decorating . Time for a Starbucks and maybe a Macys run to end this day off . 
is watching a silly silly movie . < PROPFIRST > Dangerously 
last Sunday I finished the first book I have read in a long time that was not a quilting book . It was Resilience By < PROPFEMALE > Edwards . She was a strong woman who I admired very much . Rest in Peace . 
I have the BEST Mr Fix It guy !!!!! I came home tonight and pulled out my bottom 2 kitchen drawers and they did not fall on the floor for the first time in 6 years . It truly was the best part of my day . :) It's the simple things . 
I am organizing my Xmas stuff and decluttering . Thought I was done then I found another box of ornaments . I think I have moved from the show Clean House to Hoarders ! < PROPFEMALE > L . < PROPFIRST > I have more coming . 
PS .... Conan is Hilarious tonight !!!!!! 
Okay one more status I Promise ...... Does anyone know where there is a Toys for Tots toy drop off on the Illinois side ? I have not seen one yet and have a box to drop off . 
it's 2:30 in the morning . I fell asleep early because I was exhausted from mall shopping with < PROPFEMALE > and now I am awake . It was a good girls day out ! Is it wrong that I want my pecan coffee NOW !!!!!! Oh well ... it will have to wait till I wake up again . 
Snow Wonderful Snow . Not enough for me though but it will do !!!!!!! 
massage this morning then it's off to lunch with my gal pals on the Hill . Should be a great day ! 
no matter how hard I try here I am midnight still awake . Only 2 days left this week to work then I am on vacation for the holidays . Goodnight everyone ... lights out . 
I went and fell on the ice tonight going to my moms . I had a jug of cat litter in one hand and a 12 pack of toilet paper in the other . I landed on my butt but the toilet paper broke my fall . Having little pains here and there . We shall see how I feel in the morning . 
Ah ... work is done . I am on vacation for 9 glorious days ! Off to the kitchen to get ready for the Polwort side Christmas tomorrow . There are cookies to be made ! 
I'm wrapping ... and wrapping .... I don't like this part of christmas . I start out good then I just break out the gift bags . 
Looks like we are in for a white christmas here in Illinois . 
Okay it is Realllllly cold out today ..... WTHeck 
Conan just mentioned the Collinsville Ketchup bottle Yeah !!!!! 
For all you Seinfeld fans .... Happy Festivus !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Facebook friends and family ! It's snowing like crazy here . Just beautiful ! 
Does anyone remember getting the wishbone from the turkey and making a wish on it and the person who gets the bigger piece their wish comes true . We used to do this as a kid . My daughter thinks I'm crazy . Are we the only ones who did this ? 
it's pretty bad when your daughter has to help you figure out how to hook up a stereo ... boy do I feel old ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile :) 
I know now why I don't watch football ... I remembered .. hmmmm .... because I hate when they lose and make stupid moves . I am such a fair weather fan ... go rams . 
Who else loves the Geico commercial where the little piggy goes we we we all the way home ! funny ... or the Geico wood < PROPMALE > commercial . 
Day 1 of my pledge to walk every day ... check . But next time bring a hat .... brrr it's cold . 
Gotta love cortisone shots .... I am super woman again ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 4 words is hard !! :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Hauptman Hommert Are you ready for Quiltapalooza 2011 !!!!!! 
Okay .... Cheetos .. puffy or crunchy ????? 
On our way to the quilt retreat we stopped at the Thimbleberries shop in Hutchinson , Mn . I got to meet < PROPFEMALE > Jenson who is kind of like a rock < PROPFEMALE > in the quilting world . It probably means nothing to the average < PROPFIRST > but it was kinda cool for me . I have made a couple of her quilt designs . She even signed my book . ;) 
If I EVER decide to sew 700 ... 2 1/2 inch squares together to make a quilt someone slap me . 
I also want to thank my hubby for doing all the leg work and buying me a new Mazda CX7 while I have been gone . Also for sitting through all my quilt talk before I left ... ;-) 
Retreat all done ... now time for a mini quilt shop hop then to the airport . 
They play polka music at the Minneapolis airport . 
Just got home and drove my new car and realized that all I really care is that it has good cup holders and a kick ass stereo !!!! :) 
I see Boardwalk Empire won 2 < PROPFEMALE > Globes . Does anyone else out there watch it ? I love it . 
This snow is glistening like diamonds ... beautiful ! 
THRICE !!!!! 
I have a snow day from my dental appt that is way better than a school snow day . 
Okay ... I am at the dentist waiting while my daughter gets her checkup . She is having her teeth cleaned as I type . Meanwhile I am getting texts from her ????? How can that be .... kids !!!!!! 
Did you hear about the priest that left the church for a woman . He is starring in his own TV Show ......... \ 
wait for it .... \ 
. \ 
It is called\ 
Leave it for Beaver\ 
Thank you CONAN !!!! 
When I am feeling down . I find watching episodes of That 70's Show really cheers me right up . I forgot how funny that show is . 
It's 3:30 am and I am up trolling the < PROPFEMALE > Trek < PROPFEMALE > and voting on my favorite characters . Does anyone remember < PROPMALE > Mudd from the original series or am I the only dork ? LOL 
Pot of chili , cornbread and a fire in the fireplace tonight ! 
I get to work all day . I hope I make it home tonight at 9pm . But I love the snow ! 
Happy Groundhog Day !!!!!! 
Beer 
Hey ... Happy Birthday brother < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
Beer alternating with Rum some days 
( This is amusing ... ) I would like all my face book friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I WANT YOU TO LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status ( if you dare ) so I can do the same . 
There is nothing more scary than finding a dead mouse in your clean laundry AH !!!!! I screamed like a little girl . GROSS !!!!!! 
Go Pack Go ! 
Today was the longest day and it still is not over . A good day though . Hoping everyone had as good a day as I did ... :) 
OMG I am such a trekkie .... We turned on the TV . < PROPFEMALE > Trek Next Generation is on . I said \It ' s Ephram Cochran ... the inventor of warp drive \"." 
Watching the Grammy's ..... Go Mick Jagger !!!!! 
Happy Valentines everyone . Hope your day is special ! 
is so incredibly tired !!!! Grrr ..... 12 hours here I come . :( 
Teenagers ..? #@% ... I would rather deal with a crying newborn . 
What a beautiful day !!!!! 
watched Social Network last night . Wow ... if this stuff is true . He really stuck it to his best friend . All for money . Makes me feel a little bad for using this site . 
It is/was such a good weekend . Weather is nice . I managed to finish a quilt I am making as a wedding gift and it turned out beautiful . I am also teaching < PROPFEMALE > to cook . Roast , homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese . We made Cinnamon bread yesterday . She really enjoyed it . 
Talk about bad bed hair . I woke up this morning and looked in the mirror and with my glasses on I looked just like < PROPMALE > from < PROPMALE>'s World . Party on < PROPMALE > ... party on facebookers ! Have a great day . I am off to work . 
Calgon .... take me away !!!! 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , otherwise FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Press SAVE . \ 
Copy and repost . 
OMG .... They just showed < PROPMALE > Firth and < PROPMALE > Jackman on the same screen within 2 seconds . I may just pass out . :) 
spent the day putting my quilting room back together after getting a new sewing desk and matching cubbys . All organized and redecorated except for the massive amounts of fabric that I have to fold on boards . Oh well as < PROPFEMALE > O'Hara says \Tomorrow is another day \"." 
I've decided to start a blog . But I need a catchy name . Anyone have any suggestions ? It will be mainly be about quilting but will also include any topical issues , funny thoughts and any ramblings I may have . 
I saw 2 beautiful deer in our neighborhood tonight coming home from work . Funny how you never used to see them in the city . I sort of feel sorry for them . It's like we have invaded their space . 
At work tonight I noticed that the people who complain the most are the same ones getting their meds free . I wonder why that is . Is our society full of entitlement ???? 
Joke ...... \ 
Why can't Yoda get married ? \ 
wait for it ....... \ 
Because when he goes to say his vows he says\ 
\Hmmmm Do I ????? \"" 
Has anyone ever looked for their cell phone while they were on it . Oh yes .... I did that . I blame perimenopause ! :) 
What the heck ! I have daffodils now .... it is not supposed to snow . It is pretty though . I had to trek outside and cover everything . Just yesterday I worked in the garden . 
It's happening again . The birds are trying to nest in my wreath on my front porch . Drives me crazy . I have 4 bird houses hanging up and they pick the wreath . \ 
It wouldn't bother me so much except when the babies hatch they poop in the nest and it makes the front porch smell like < PROPFEMALE > syrup . I had a saleswoman one time in the middle of her speech ask me if I was cooking pancakes . I said \no .. it's just bird poop\ " LOL " 
Good morning facebookers . I stayed up last night watching the Japan news . So sad . Makes me feel helpless like I need to do something . Maybe we can all say lots of prayers for them . Hope their spirits stay strong . 
Has anyone had a bird fly in your house and how did you get it out ? I know < PROPFEMALE > did . Anyone else ? 
Corn Beef and Cabbage is cooking . What a beautiful St Paddy's day ! 
My husband just said \I think I hear the baby crying\ " Now that is something I never thought I'd hear for a long time . My daughter brought home one of those fake babies for her child development class . It can really cry . She has to take care of it like a real baby . She told me last night she was exhausted . It wakes her up at night . " 
Beautiful day . It's nice to sit out on the deck and listen to the birds . Spring is here ! 
This is going to sound bad but if I hear another man at my pharmacy counter say \I don't know ... my wife handles all that\ " I think I will scream . Plus I had a woman say to me today \ " I'm sorry I'm rude ... I'm pregnant . \"" 
The snow looks like cotton < PROPFEMALE > on the bushes outside . 
I went to the Dollar Tree store today ... spent $109 . I think that may be a record . 
Well we are only 28 minutes into April Fools Day and I fooled the hubby already ... they ( meaning < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ) said it couldn't be done . This ones for you Dad ! He loved this day . 
ESPN on SNL never disappoints !!!! 
