wow im glad thats over 

testing is almost over 
that hard shit has gone to my head man 
taha that is some old shit you got right there man lol 
Graduation on thursday !!!!!! wooo hoo 
god taha no offense i hate this picture 
finally done with high school !!! Graduated 
:) happier days for the class of 2009 
What a kick ass party last night 
rissh that was a horrible match at the bash 
4th of July coming !! kobayashi is going to die 
wants to find the true feeling of summer 
im pretty up set right now at certain people 
the summer is going by so fast 
is anxious about going to bklyn next month 
going to get some food 
my hillbilly neighbors listening to rap lol hahaha 
my mind going in several different directions 
had a fun time today back to reality tomarrow 
hopeing to go to my friends b day party on thursday 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , finally you turn 15 
my plans for the day have changed drastically 
is doing pretty damn good for himself , but im bored out of my mind 
is in long island soaking up the hot and muggy air around us lol 
Sbarros for Pizza , nice time even though it rained out on the island , im still having the time of my life in the city that dosent sleep : ) 
I really hate my trip badly 
i just really met my father for the first time ! 
Get to go back to Ithaca tomarrow : ) 
back in boring ass ithaca ! I hope i don't hit a redneck with my bike LOL 
school in 11 days : ) wow 
A nice day at ButterMilk Falls . An ending to a perfect day 
is really confused 
the weather is either nice or the nice breeze from the fan is making it feel that way 
lots of new and exciting things are happening in my life : ) 
Why is it so cold outside and its only September ? 
GO GIANTS !!!! I think they will win the superbowl again 
I will get some sleep in a few so yeah , hope you do the same 
I'm waiting for my English class and i have a sore throat . Maybe this wasen't a good idea from the start lol 
Maybe for the fundraising i think we should have some kind of a cake walk for our club 
Hope everyone is having a good time in there first year of college Never give up when times get rough . 
Getting over a really bad cold and still go to class 
GIANTS WIN !!!!!! I hate the Cowboys ..... Giants are going all the way this year i can feel it ( 2-0 ) baby ! 
is pulling an all nighter to finish his homework 
Why is it so chilly outside ? Jeez these are times when you just hate Ithaca 
Giants win again !!! 3-0 
This is the first time ive seen the New York football teams first place in there divisions !! WHOOP WHOOP !!!! Go New York , I knew you had it in you 
Canarsie lost it's luster 
Lets go Giants ! 4-0 start good job 
Just got done watching this really funny video on youtube 
Is in a New York state of mind 
It looks like another cloudy day in Upstate New York UGH !!!! 
Finally a nice day in the middle of nowhere 
Is pissed off 
Back to school , back to school , to prove dada im not a fool 
?????? 
Another chilly day in upstate NY . There saying theres a good < PROPMALE > for snow tonight 
Waiting for my class that starts at 2:00 pm . It has been really boring so far today 
This is my last message ever .... Cya later 
Take me to your leader !!! 
Wazzzzzzzzzzzzzz uppppppppppppp !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Confidence is the key to life 
Waiting for my class that starts at 2 
has a cold ... God I hope I don't have the swine flu 
GO YANKEEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORLD SERIES !!!! 
I hope I feel better tomarrow , Sick and tired of this B.S !!!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJWYGGH1jqs 
Dosen't know what he's doing for halloween yet . 
Still hasen't figured out what he wants to be for halloween yet 
WILL THE PAIN EVER GO AWAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
YANKEES WIN AGAIN !!! ONE MORE WIN AND THEY GET THE WORLD SERIES TITLE !!!! WOHOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 
NO < PROPMALE > IN HELL !!!! 
WTF 
When you got a hometown team that is about to become a world champion , then you know you got something special . GO YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
THEY WIN THE WORLD SERIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS AWSOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLY SHIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Doses not have a good feeling about this 
Can't stand his mother and sister . HELP ME !!!!!!! 
Just chillen 
\Do you feel lucky ... I said do you feel lucky .. Do yeah .. PUNK !!!! " 
Im finally done for the day ! 
Wishes he was in Brooklyn right now 
Is it that time of year already ? 
Im not the best at speechs but it was required for me to do one . To add insult to injury i had two visitors in the class and unfortunetly im like there neighbors so it turned out to be pretty bad . I got it out of the way !!!! 
The end has finally arrived ! 
Ugh ! 
GIANTS WIN !!!!! 6-4 
If anyone wants do something on thanksgiving or do something during the week im available 
Turkey day 2 days away : ) 
is watching the parade 
is surprised that there hasent been much snow 
Football is totally rigged . I still have faith in the Giants . 
Wow 2009 is almost over already 
< PROPFIRST > Cowboys vs New York Giants . GO GIANTS !!!!! 
So far everything is going to plan . Just to let you all know Cowboys suck !!! 
I just heard from an unlikely source that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Matsui are not playing for the Yankees next season =( 
Is finishing up his final project 
Last weekend before finals 
jamming on the guitar with friends and playing Halo 3 = AWSOME WEEKEND !!!! 
Could football get any worse ? 
finished his Final Project !!!! 
Chirstmas is 10 days away !!!! 
Chirstmas is 9 days away !!!!!! 
Chirstmas is 8 days away !!!!!! 
is done with final exams !!! 
One week to go 
Is planning on going to the city sometime during vacation 
I believe that it's 6 days now 
5 days !!!! 
4 more days !!!! 
3 days left !! 
Hope you all have the merriest christmas 
No comment 
is going to New York 
I'm back !!!! 
I'm home !! 
It's already getting boring as hell up here 
Whenever a New York team wins a playoff game dosen't matter what sport it is you just have to feel proud to be from New York 
Apparently the 450th episode of the Simpsons will be on tonight 
What a horrible ending to a great game 
I'm craving for some Carvel Ice Cream 
For once i would like to see a team as underated as the Jets winning the super bowl 
Jelly bean farmer !! 
Jets will be playing Chargers on sunday ... GO JETS !!!! 
I hate how everyone likes Five Guys so much . When you think about it it's just another fast food joint . 
It's very werid how the grade system works while your in your first semester of college .... Very werid !! 
GOD DAMN TOURIST !!! 
The Jets win !!!! 
Going back to classes in 2 days , OH BOY ! 
All packed up for classes tomarrow ... BRING IT !! 
Felt like such a long day , those professors can talk for HOURS ! 
can't wait for this day to end 
wants to see the Jets making it all the way this weekend 
Jets are totally going to pull off an upset tomarrow . GO JETS !!!! 
They sack Manning !! GO JETS !!! 
Jets up 7 to 3 , GO JETS !! 
Is happy that the Jets made it to the AFC title game even though they lost ... Nice try 
were always getting crap from the west coast including the weather :( 
had a great day and now it's time to relax 
I hate the fact that my birthday is on a sunday which might ultimately screw my travel plans 
2 consecutive great days ... lets make it 3 
weather up here sucks 
Colts vs Saints next week . Prepare to not care !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM 
had a pretty cool day but now it's back to the same old stuff ..... day was good while it lasted 
Where did this snow come from ? Who knows ! 
is going crazy ! Super Bowl Sunday is coming up 
is excited about the super bowl 
spring training is coming 
it's cold as hell out there 
theres snow everywhere ! 
witnessed a pretty big fire earlier at the Sunoco Gas Station , you could hear poping sounds as the mini < PROPFIRST > was ablaze ..... pretty scary !!!! 
wish yesterday never ended 
watched the all-star game and i was very impressed at what both teams put up 
just another day 
hopes the warm weather will come soon 
thought it wouldn't happen but .... it happened and thank god it did :) 
:( 
Waiting for a plane to be boarded .. freaking delayed for like 2 hours :( 
loves the weather down in Texas :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes : ) 
2 out of my 3 classes cancelled today :D . Just what the doctor ordered 
Going through some difficult times :( 
If anyones watching the Lakers game there seeing an ass whippin done by the most unlikely opponent . If the Thunder are playing this good now wait a few more years .... They will be unstopable ! 
We already see enough snow during the winter what makes you think we want to see the damn pretty stuff now .... WE WANT SPRING ! 
get out and enjoy this weather , to nice to stay indoors 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
It's been almost 30 years since The Shining came out and there not making a 30th anniversery edition dvd with awsome bonus features .... That is just not right 
the calender says it's may but it sure dosent feel like may 
RIP DIO 
playin some good ol boxhead 2 play 
this time 30 years ago people were going to the movies to see the Shining 
sooooooo damn hot out 
1 month till the fourth of July :) 
It's been a summer of twist and turns 
swimming and sandwhichs .... great combo 
weathers gonna be nice this weekend ... lets go swimming :) 
is watching the yankees game , looks like another win for the bronx bombers :) 
i don't feel very good 
yankees , you've had a great season :D 
is not having fun doing his two research papers :( 
JFK got shot this day 47 years ago , RIP JFK 
to all of you have an awsome thanksgiving :D 
just thinking about the shoppers misery before the store opens is down right funny 
Only one more paper to go then studying for finals 
Cartman-Do you like fish sticks ? \ 
\ 
Kanye West-love em ! \ 
Cartman-What are you a gay fish ?!! 
watching eight crazy nights 
I am offically done with all my papers ..... FUCK YES !! 
wishes his life were a 50s commercial 
< PROPFIRST > Farley , you were a funny basterd ... RIP 
Going to to my dads thursday ... 
can't wait to be back in canarsie ! 
I probably just saw the most crazy disturbing film ive ever seen in my life 
egg cream = awsomeness 
I have these little austrian cookies and as i was taking em out i thought hmmm why not crushem and put them in my already awsome egg cream ... turned it from good to great 
Jets vs Packers Superbowl 45 , it's gonna happen 
Ithaca = frozen tundra :( 
Da Bears !!! 
Come on Jets ! 
WTF !!! DUDE .... WTF !!!! football is soooooo fixed 
R . I . P Uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Just purchased my books for the upcoming semester 
OMFG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
happy birthday mom !!! XD 
There pros and cons to living in Ithaca . see a lot more cons then pros .... I want to get outta here 
some kid asked everyone on the bus to find his vagina ... for the WHOLE BUS RIDE !!! fucking annoying ass kid 
the internet up at < PROPMALE > is fast like a cheetah 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
what should i do , what should i do ..... 
i miss being at my dads house even though the neighborhood sucks donkey balls 
did you know it takes roughly 300 cans of dr pepper to kill someone if there 180 pounds ... i would assume those cans would have to be drunk consecutively 
considering a trip to my dads for spring break 
i love the snow but i hate the cold 
i always wondered why facebook ask people to post whats on there mind , facebook , you do not want to know whats on my mind right now ..... 
wants some damn bubble tea now ! 
Dude i'm totally in love 
last day as a teen ... man how time flys by 
Thank you for the wishes 
i want heat NOW ! 
chillin at gimmie 
taking a day off from school XD 
lets go rangers !!! 
gotta do a presentation today and im not ready ... fml 
Caps got lucky end of story 
English is sooooo fucking boring 
rangers better win today , if they don't my mom will go crazy 
hates his last name 
the weather is about to get pretty nasty soon ... it don't look good outside and we gots a tornado warning 
this is perfect weather i mean really not hot nor cold ... josh likey !! XD 
big car accident on the way home from tc3 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo humid outside ..... 
English can suck it !! Waste of my damn time and energy 
i wish this type of weather last forever 
that storm had my adrenaline pumping last night 
food for thought ... don't be so quick to judge others 
they shot off the fireworks maybe about 100 feet from us and they exploded over our heads ... soooooooo loud 
Happy 4th to you all 
using the < PROPFIRST > Pesci soundboard to screw with people at < PROPMALE > Lib 
Hot as hell outside 
some nut job at first dam had to ruin it for everyone ... it only takes one person ... fml . 
i can't stand this HEAT .... O ... M ... F .. G !!!!! what the FUCK ..... SCREW THIS !!! 
anyone wanna hangout today ? 
I see that a lot of people still got a lot of growing up to do idk just saying ... ( shakes his head ) 
this happens to be the most interesting weekend in possibly my whole life 
