oh word ? 

so tired of the rain 
Ladies is pimps too . 
Maybe it's not my weekend , but it's gonna be my year . 
fuck shit up for one last week . 
Whatevers gotten into me , I don't mind 
Goodbye Acton 
Why am I trying to see , when they're ain't nothing in sight ? Why am I trying to give , when no one gives me a try ? Why am I dying to live , when I'm just living to die ? 
coming home for the long weekend !!! 
love my bitches . what a crazy weekend 
is so insomniac 
not much , thirsty 
lifes a bitch 
Everyone knows I'm in over my head 
so sick . 
SWINE . oink . 
ughh the weather sucksss mann 
Everything is okay , this jointtt 
and in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me speaking words of wisdom 
Daddy I'm so sorry , I'm so s-s-sorry yeah We just like to party , like to p-p-party yeah Bang Bang ! We're Beautiful and Dirty < PROPMALE > 
its only teenage wasteland 
I'm a survivor 
Good Mornin , ha-ha-ha-ha-haters 
I'm in the mood to get faded so please bring your finest 
All I really needed was a friend like you 
taking a huge dump 
HATING < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
feeling a little immature this morning 
bother me tomorrow , today I buy no sorrows . 
Open up ya eyes , I'm a blessin in disguise 
getin some big juicey cock in my face to night !!! Cant wait !!! XoXo 
needs new friends ! Cant wait !!! XoXo 
Your using your headphones to block out your mind 
RIP JERSEY SHORE & hearts ; 
hey now bird wouldn't you rather die than walk this world when you were born to fly 
As I picked up my matches and was closing the door , I had one of those flashes I'd been there before 
Imma tell you like wu told me , cash rules everything around me 
Speed Limit 30 
Leaning ima need a kick stand to stay on my feet 
TRUE LIFE-im addicted to google . 
kill cooke 
Once in a while you get shown the light , in the strangest of places if you look at it right 
watching m v f .... sooooooohungry 
whats 4 20 ? 
let us die young or let us live forever we don't have the power but we never say never . 
< PROPMALE > Anderton <3 
its a good night to be a boston fan 
CINCOOOOO 
first day back at work : feeding 40 retards in the afternoon followed by my coworkers and a group of 50 somethings getting drunk and playing two truths one lie : sexual version . rough day , scarring night . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , \ 
I could really use a wish right now 
9 < PROPFEMALE > paper , check ! thank you emilyyyy 
:] 
going to bed with the birds singinf me tro sleep 
was there even ever a world to drop off of ? 
Oh lord , please send me an angel to lead me out of this place\ 
Send me away , far away , to better days ... 
All my life I've tried to make everyone happy while I just hurt and hide , Waiting for someone to tell me it's my turn to decide . 
Now I ain't sayin she a golddigger , but she ain't messin with no broke niggas 
packing up ( again ) and moving in to the new house :) 
Even if the sun stops waking up over the fields I will not leave , I will not leave ' till it's our time . So just take my hand , you know that I will never leave your side . <3 
So when the devil wants to dance with you , you better say never , cuz a dance with the devil might last ya forever 
I live the dream of a starry-eyed sixteen year old . ' cept its real . <3 
homemade caramel apples and paranormal activity 2 
i got tha magic in me (; 
