just now starting to get tired 

gettin tired 
< PROPMALE > Park apartments sucks ass . Don't ever try to live there . The office staff are bitches , and they just Fed me out of getting into another apartment . 
still hungry but now i'm sick too !!! this sucks ... 
feeling like death bitch slapped me this morning ... 
bored half to death 
so there was this blind man right , he went down to the fish market and was like ..... 
paint paint paint and more paint , i close my eyes and still see paint . 
gonna let the storm put me to sleep ... its peaceful , like ghetto lullabies for country folk lol 
sleepy ... 
yeah i get to go paint some more !!! hopefully i dont get it in my eye again cu that crap burns . 
My bed is callin my name ... and i'm not one to keep her waitin !!!! 
another day , another septim ... 
I have so much to do it isnt even funny ... not even in the slightest !!!! I need a clone like on multiplicity !!! 
i'm gonna make this day fly by as fast as humanly possible !!!! 
Happy new years to all living and deceased ... Kemple , Zawahdeh , and Yates I miss you guys , wish you could have met my son , hes a class clown just like me 
wow ... I haventbeen on here for like 300,000 years ... well , how the hell is everybody ? 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/647289663 
playin some facebook games ... they are just so addictive !! 
life is like a box of chocolates , by the time you get them , half of them are gone and the good ones are half eaten lol . 
Hi 
bored !!! 
gettin somethin to eat and then sleepin like theres no tommorrow . 
bored ... 
sick ... 
I think i'm going to hide under a rock and let the world pass me by ... I'm just so tired and tired of feeling sick to my stomach . I'm gonna blow chunks if i keep thinkin ... I just wanna say ftw 
feelin better now 
life hands you lemons give em back and ask for apples cuz apple butter is awesome ! 
my phone sprouted legs and ran away so if you can't get ahold of me thats why ! 
found my phone covered in listerine smart rinse and now i need a new one . fantastic ! 
my phone's workin again , same number new phone 
Facebook needs to fix it's messenger errors !!!! 
my brain hurts ... 
tired ... 
who is up for watchin some football this weekend and sayin F the world !!!??? 
i'm just kiddin i've got stuff to do . 
chillin like a villain on penicillin ... ya dig ? jk i'm just bored . 
Just lookin up new music and reading miscillaneous useless information and trying to make myself tired ... good news is drumroll please !!! it worked . 
Tired ... I need a new job any job , somewhere where i can ACTUALLY make 8 hours a day ... 
bored and off work tomorrow ... what to do ? 
is thinking you'll never think of what i'm thinking of ;) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Snyder has signed into Facebook Chat using Chit Chat for Facebook ( http://www.chitchat.org.uk ) 
can't sleep 
I feel sick :( 
R.I.P. Derrel Peck . you had a good run sir , hope to meet up with you in whatevers after this . He was a good man and a good father ... i'll pray for your children and my niece who will miss her pa-pa dearly . 
i'm bored and looking for something to do any suggestions ? 
Tired of people .... lol who isn't ? 
Another hard workin day in the bag . 
SLEEP TIME 
Tired of being a drone through days ... need people to get the fuck off my back , need a job that pays good money ... just havin a very hard time these days ... Tired of everyone being so damned petty and kickin me while i'm down , I'm so fuckin done with that , if your not here to be friends or help then get the fuck out of my way and leave me the fuck alone ! no more drama no more nothing just leave me alone ! 
theres a rumbly in my tumbly . 
time to sleep like the dead 
God my sons gonna be 4 in june .... I'm over the hill !!! I might as well bust out the prosthetic hip and pimp cane , cuz man i'm done for . 
Dear bed , I love the way you hold me , but your too possessive , i have things to do , I promise i will see you again .... now let me go i have to go start my day . We'll cuddle later i promise ... now let go of my leg before i have my son pee on you . thanx , much appreciated , now have a nice day and I'll see you tonight :P 
I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think , all the walks I want to take , all the books I want to read , and all the friends I want to see . - < PROPFIRST > Burroughs 
Theres a spider under my desk and sooner or later he's gonna make his move , the question is ... when ? The anxiety is killing me You furry bastard !!! come out here and die like ur family ! 
brb 
so hows everybody doin these days ? 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
Happy holidays people ! If you need to reach me you'll have to wait til monday , my phone is prepaid and i am broke ! YAY ! go me ! 
would never look back on life and say \what if\ " because any path that doesn't include my son just doesn't make any sense . " 
I usually don't do this annoying crap but ... All of my true friends will . Think of a memory wether at a party , just chillin , throwin rocks at fat kids , gettin wasted , high school , middle school , cafeteria , workin , fightin , < PROPFIRST > nerny gettin pee all over his face , etc , and post it below , but lets try to keep this as pg-13 as possible , and if u can't and i know some of you won't , then inbox me with it . 
Putting my son to bed is a little like playing Whack-A-Mole 
Fuck people ! I'm sick of them 
< PROPMALE > Attack is on the prowl ... look out ladies !! 
Next time you're having a shitty day , imagine this . \ 
You are a siamese twin . \ 
Your twin brother is gay . \ 
He has a date tonight . \ 
You share an ass . \ 
Not such a shitty day now is it ? 
Has a bug ever landed on your computer screen , and your initial reaction is to try and scare it away with the cursor ? Happened to me . True story . 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd they only want what everyone else wants ... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this as their status and leave it on for at least 1 hour ? It is special education week and this is in honor of all children made in a UNIQUE way .... 
\Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have . \ " lol " 
Sorry guys , i wont keep spamming u guys with music , i'm just in a musical mood i guess lol 
... and now i'm bored 
Time to go to work . 
love it when its cold and dreary . 
Good Friday HA ! I hope its a good friday . maybe i'll find a hundred dollar < PROPMALE > with my name on it . lol now that would be a good friday ! 
happy easter people 
starting my new job today , sure its nothing special but at least its something i know like the back of my hand . 
How many men had to die before we finally killed Osama Bin Laden ? I've lost 13 of my brothers in arms , many of which were like family ... At least we can sleep comfortably with the thought that they didn't die in vain . It has been a horrifying and rather sobering ordeal , leaving a bitter taste in my mouth . There are too many faces never to be seen again . All give some , but some give all . 
_______/\\_____________lol_______ Help !!!! 
home now yay ! 
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew . 
Wish money never existed 
Happy mothers day to all moms ! 
Happy mothersday to all you hard workin moms out there ! we know it aint easy . todays a day to sit back , relax and be appreciated . 
M is for the million things she gave me , \ 
O means only that she’s growing old , \ 
T is for the tears she shed to save me , \ 
H is for her heart of purest gold , \ 
E is for her eyes , with love-light shining , \ 
R means right , and right she’ll always be . \ 
Love you mom 
