its been a month already !! :) 

wow last day of summer :( 
i feel like shittt 
no more braces !! 
commment my new pictures pleasee 
COME TO THE VOLLEYBALL GAME AT BRANITE BAY TOMORROW !!! JVS AT 5 30 AND VARSITY IS AT 7 !! COME TO THE JV ESPECIALLY !!!!!! 
well things are starting to get better ... its still tough and im still hurting but ill get through it :) thank you everyone whos been helping me through this :) i love you all !! 
why is everything so confusing ?? 
yay we beat roseville !! 
we lost ... again ... but at least it was close !! lol 
our spanish project is hilarious ! 
got my wisdom teeth pulled today which was quite painful lol and now i cant talk very well ! i sound like a little kid that cant pronounce thir rs ! 
omg new < PROPFEMALE > was AMAZING !!! i love < PROPMALE > !!!!! hes my new favorite !! haha 
the game was < PROPFEMALE > much fun !! i wasnt even cold most of the time ! i got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > the whole time which made it < PROPFEMALE > o much fun :) 
i miss himmm :( 
ahhh i dont wanna go to school tomorro w :( 
just tried to win jingle ball tickets ... i used 3 different phones at one time to try and get in lol no luck :( 
so 2 days ago i woke up sick yesterday i acidentally cut my hand on a broken glass and today i woke up with an eye infection ... great last 2 days ofbreak right ? 
i feel terrible ... idk why things turned out this way but they did and it sucks 
we are in 1st for our tournament !!! i played the best game of my life today :) hopefully we keep it up tomortrow !! its an 18s tournament and we are only 16s :) 
these last few days have shown me that every situation is as good as you make it , get happy over the little things in life and dont let anyone bring you down :) 
got my phone taken away ... 
yay i have my 1st behind the wheel lesson tomorrow ! then i can actually drive legally ! haha 
definately not looking forward to morning practice tomorrow :( 
alright 3 hours of swim and 2 and a half hours of vball done ! :) morning practice tomorrow though :( 
vball practice tonight .... trying to figure out what to do tomorrow ! text me ! :) 
wow ... its like my dad thinks i just like plot ways to be mean lol like anything i say he just assumes it was meant to \ridicule him\ " ughhhh im < PROPFEMALE > tired of getting into huge fights over nothing .... " 
wat ive learned today is that i shouldnt try to make people a priority in my life if im not even close to one in thiers .... 
things are turning around :) finally had a good day today !! 
does anyone know how to do or find the < PROPFEMALE > sructures for the ion cards in honors chem ?? 
this morning i left my house at 5 AM and i didnt get back until 9 30 PM ... im sooo tireddd 
no phone ... :( 
definately forgot it was a collab day today ... 
yay ! this week is almost over !! 
wow ... ended up with an 88.6 in chem :( :( 
volleyball tomorrow ! no powderpuff or sadies for me :( 
just got home from a LONG day of volleyball .... < PROPFEMALE > tired 
3 more days til break !! :) 
one more day of school ! then LA ! :) 
my life must have been SO much more productive before facebook haha 
haha still need to do the FRQ ... i really should stop procrastinating ! 
heading to san < PROPFIRST > ! 
home from san < PROPFIRST > !! we won our tournament :) haha soooo intense !! 
SUCH a good weekend ! :) 
does anyone know if we have morning pracitce tomorrow ?? 
day one of lifeguarding : complete ! only 2 more ! haaha 
i really should get going on my outline haha im not even done with the 1st section !! 
alright starting section #4 in my outline ! haha why do i procrastinate so much ?! 
ap euro outline : done ! 
One day of Reno down ! 2 more to go ! 
finally home !! :) 
Champs went so well today ! 3 1st's and one 3rd along with 2 league records :) 
i want school to be over !!!! 
i hate AP euro sooo much ... 
crappy weekend ... but hey ! that means next one will be better i guess 
go tmy phone taken away ... so if i dont reply thats why ! 
quad dance was so fun :) 
Good day today :) except I was wearing shorts and a tank top and it started raining ! haha 
i love how its almost summer but its like raining outside ... 
getting a puppy !! :) 
2 more days !! :) 
AMAZING day today :) 
swim meet tomorrow ! 
had the worst time babysitting 4 kids and the littlest one refused to go to bed and stayed up 2 hours past his bed time . ughhh 
volleyball party tonight was < PROPFEMALE > fun :) we were playing on the wii and getting superrr into it and im pretty sure my neighbors all the was down the street could hear us ! 
i got a new puppy today ! shes < PROPFEMALE > cute :) :) 
new phoneeee :) 
basketball is in the gym this week so basicle instead of an hour of conditioning and 2 hours of practice we now have 3 hours of conditioning .... its terrible !! 
4 day volleyball tournament starts tomorrow !! im actually really excited :) last one of the season ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tired of club volleyball . 
won all of our games today ! :) 
yess !!! i somehow got a 3 on the ap euro ap test !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > much volleyball today !! only 2 weeks till my birthday :) 
leaving my house at 6 tomorrow for a swim meet isnt sounding too great right now ... 
its been 3 months already !! :) been with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > all day !! sooo much fun :) happy early birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
one week til my birthday and two weeks til my license :) 
almost done with my busy week ! just swim tomorrow :) 
swim champs tomorrow and sunday !! its gonna be a long weekend ! 
of champs done !! SUCH a long dayy 
birthday tomorrow :) and i leave for camping !! 
got a -0 on my driving test and now i have my license !!! :) 
ok so 1st semester i have :\ 
1st period dance \ 
2nd period ap calc with becker\ 
3rd period english with bacharach\ 
4th period honors spanish with gonzales \ 
2nd semester :\ 
1st period us history with stevens\ 
3rd period honors physics with miller \ 
4th : athletic pe ! \ 
tell me if we have any together :) 
only one more day of summer !! :( volleyball tryouts tomorrow ... definately havent played in like 2 weeks ... 
< PROPFEMALE > not the best of days today ... first of all school starts tomorrow oh and at the 1st day of volleyballtryouts i fractured to fingers and am conne be out for a couple weeks ... awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > oo i had to sit through almost 3 hours of volleyball tryouts that i didnt even get to play in .... i wanted to < PROPFEMALE > bad !! but on the plus side my license came in the mail !! :) 
just cant seem to get around to doing my spanish homework .... 
sooo taday my spanish class got dropped cuz there wasnt enough people so like half of us switched to ap psych ! haha oh and i had to sit through 3 hours of volleyball tryouts where i couldnt play again ! except for trying to hit lefty twice ... definately didnt work for me ! haha 
made the volleyball team ! :) 
ropes course with the vball team today :) so much fun ! :) 
actually got to play at practice tonight ! and my finggers barely hurt ! :) 
great ... just when my fingers are almost better ... 
Click \LIKE\ " if I've ever made you smile in your\ 
I LOVE MINIMUM DAYS 
yay !! its FINALLY friday !! :) 
the make it or break it season fanalie was definately like the most intense thing ive ever seen . 
i . hate . microwaves . 
so does anyone else think its kinda stupid i have a b in ap calc and my volleyball coach told me i needed to get it up by friday with a signed grade check to keep playing even though its weighted ?? 
its only wednesday :( 
just got home ... of course the one game we take to 5 is 2 hours away !! 
Just finished watching the last song ! so saddd :( 
5 months :) 
game against oakmont tomorrow !! :) 
sooo i still have my final research project , math homework , and a news report for psych that was due today ... yayyy 
I love psychologyyyy :) 
im sad i missed bonfire :( of course today is the one day we have a game at < PROPFEMALE > union haha 
hahah i love group psychology projects ! 
Suchhh a good day !! We beat < PROPMALE > oro who's like number 3 in the area and we are 10 ! And I got an a in Ap calc because I did good on my midterm :) 
Soooo since I played like crap today now I'm REALLY looking forward to the weekend ! But I did finay figure out what I got in psych last semester and I somehow pulled out an A !! :) 
Tournament tomorrow ! 
Like my status and I'll tell you what I like about you ! :) 
I love weekends :) 
We Beat < PROPMALE > oro todayyy :) 
Sooo does anyone play words with friends ?? :) 
I love haunted houses :) 
Such a close game with roseville ! Hopefully we make playoffs ! :) 
Anyone going to mr grizzly ?? 
This is going to be a LONGGGGGGGGG week . 
Dance shows sstart tomorrow !! :) 
One show down ! 2 to go !! :) Sooo much fun :) 
One more dance show tomorrow at 7 !! :) 
No more dance shows :( great job everyone !!! :) 
Saw < PROPMALE > potter today ! 
HAppy thanksgiving !! :) 
So how come school weeks last forever but vacation weeks go by so fast ?? 
I just loveee having volleyball practice from 6 to 8 on a friday ! :( 
First volleyball practice tonight ! 
I am Sooo out of shape ! 
I just love losing my voice !!! 
Only 3 more days ! 
I just love it when my sister has tons of friends over and they keep me up with their yelling until 2 am then wake me up at 7 in the morning ! 
Happy birthday sisterrr !! 
Good day today :) got to go boarding and I got some wonderful presents from < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
Going to northstar tomorrow ! :) 
It was Soooo cold up in the mountains today !! 
One day down ! Only a whole semester to go ... 
Yesss !! Somehow pulled of straight a's last semester !!! :) 
Actually had a really good practice tonight ! :) 
Sooo probably not gonna get home til past midnight tonight ! :( 
Not a good day ... It got a little better at the end though ! 
Why is this week taking so long ???? 
Only one more day ... What's with weeks feeling so long lately ?? 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
Wow ! my computer actually decided to connect to the internet for the first time in 2 months !! 
Soooo does anyone in honors physics with miller know how to do number 8 on webassign ?? I got a but cant get b c or d ! 
Good practice at volleyball tonight ! :) only one more day til fridayyy !!! 
Driving down to Watsonville todayy for a tournament ! 
i hate physics ! 
its almost friday ! :) this week has gone surprisingly fast !! 
Ready for this week to be over !! 
i hate physics ! and webassign . 
finally done filming my spanish project !! now i just have to edit .... 
Just kidding ! I have to redo the whole thing because my sister kept covering the mic ! 
Somehow pulled off A's again ! :) 4.75 gpa ! Yay ! :) and tomorrow is a Collab day :) good day ! 
Just got home from 2 hours of powderpuff then 2 hours if volleyball !! Too bad I have to do mr beckers march madness thing still ! 
I hate driving in the rain ! 
Great job tonight girls ! :) We definately put up a fight ! Next year the juniors are going down !!! 
Why can I not sleep in at all anymore ?!? 
Things like this make you realize how much you really have to make every moment count . RIP < PROPFIRST > johns , you will be missed . You definately were the best pe < PROPFEMALE > ever . My heart and prayers go out to all of his friends and family <3 
Leaving for la tomorrow !! 
Ok so on the way to practice there was a flashing sign saying \beware of ice on road\ " I looked at the temperature and it was 81 degrees ! Definitely tons of ice on the road ! " 
Sitting in the airport ! My flight doesn't leave until 7 25 ! :( 
