< PROPFIRST > had a fuck ass weekend 

< PROPFEMALE > is a canckly bitch i what i think 
hangin with my fatass family 
looking forward to a good weekend 
loves his bff < PROPFEMALE > . and knows that no one can mess up there relationship . 
hoping school will start soon 
i got a fucken b- in costuming . i have some stuff i want to say to that lady . like fuck < PROPFEMALE > french . your close are not chic and costuming is not fashion for starters . 
knows for a fact his best friend is a hell of a good person and doesn't understand how people can tear him down . it is not fair to him so stop judging him unless you know him . 
Cheesecake is home and he's doing really good despite being really thin . Thanks everyone for your support . 
isn't it funny when some idiots don't understand what you're saying . 
wishes he could do something fun for spring break ..... im tired of problems . The stress . Lol . 
sometimes we make a mistake that we wish we hadnt done , and we hurt the ones we love . The only thing we can hope for is that the person we hurt hears what we say and forgives us .... like i would do . We have to learn to forgive he ones we love right ?? I'm so sorry . 
well goodnight to everyone . while , you sleep i suffer to write this freakin paper . lol 
had a pretty good day 
fishville friends i need us to unite .... and send me gifts . im so close to unlocking my forth tank . im desperate . need clams any mystery boxes . lol 
Needs Tighter Pants ... 
At Least That's What Everyone Thinks ... 
I Agree ! 
PANTS ALL AROUND ! 
BUT THE TIGHTEST , SAVE FOR ME ! 
Is having a great day . :) < PROPFEMALE > your awsome .... woohoo !!! 
Has realized hes burnt many bridges with great friends and is now ready to rebuild all those great friendships hes lost . I miss my crappy friends . Lol . 
had an awsome day with the relatives and even got busted in church for using the ipod during the ceremony . sorry priest and scary lady who yelled at me . lol . 
is having a relaxing day . except for the evil cousin < PROPFEMALE > . lol jk love ya ..... or do I ? 
has a three hour break til classics . guess ill work on my lines in the green room . suck it laziness . lol 
hates wienerschniyzel . all i wanted was a corn dog not to be insulted . the employee told me how old my daughter was cuz . it was my sister !!!!! do i look that old am i that ugly ? dont answer that < PROPFEMALE > . 
when you lose , dont lose the lesson . 
had lots of fun hanging out with < PROPMALE > and reece yesterday . im glad we went out for some vigin coke and rums on the rocks . lol . but reece was able to get himself a real man drink . lol 
No matter what happens in life you just have to keep fighting through it all . Life has its rough spots and sometimes you may lose sight of your hopes and dreams but remember tommorow is another day . So just live your life and never look back . 
had an awsome scene today . thanks mia you did great and i dint even have to goose you . lol 
for the first time in a long times feels good to be me again . :) 
all set for summer arts got accepted to both unarmed and armed forcery and solo performance . yeah me suck it motown im on to fresno . ( i know such a big diffrence lol . ) 
wants to say he is proud of all those great people he has met in Acting in the Classics . After today i know that we will all be great friends and i am really proud to call you my friends . :) 
\sometimes our happy ending is just .... moving on . \ " great quote " 
is super excited for summer arts . ready to meet some new people and oh yeah ..... room with < PROPMALE > i guess .... :) 
watched toy story 3 with < PROPFIRST > Ruelas and had a blast . \its just some dinosaur \"" 
getting ready to get on the road with < PROPMALE > . csu summer arts here we come 
sometimes we go through a time where we wonder why me ? i have learned that sometimes we cant control the unexpected or change it . the best we can do is hope for the better and maybe just maybe you'll see that a negative can quickly become a positive . Stay strong . 
My yum yum doughnuts fell guess no yumminess in my tummy wummy . :( 
Just watching the Disney channel ..... again . Yay another episode of < PROPFEMALE > Montana 
Misses the good old day . Well here to crazy driving , crazy stories , and crazy monopoly board games . 
Tech again ...... fml atleast I got an extra hour of sleep . 
A girl just said hey < PROPFIRST > and I pretended to know here even though I have no clue who she is !!!!!!! 
Dear , < PROPFEMALE > I < PROPFEMALE > been such a good little boy this year that i would like to rule a country for christmas ..... and remember i know were you live ! 
R and J castlist wont be out till end of the week ....... bummer . if not then it will be emailed out .... double bummer . lol 
whos excited for theatre history tommorow ......... im not !!! 
security just came to are vegas hotel room to tell us to lower the volume . suck it popo its vegas !!!! 
last night in vegas was filled with drunken women , granny strippers , and a lot of crazy people . lol now for round two of the vegas extravaganza . oh , yeah i finally had 2 cups of alcohol . ( consentially ) 
i think i just hurt my foot really bad trying to bust a 70 disco move in the shower . atleast its not as bad as soap getting in your mouth while your trying to take a shower . oh , good times . lol 
Um . Yeah it's just one of those nights ..... 
So people keep calling my phone so that < PROPFEMALE > Amilla can pick up her sex equiemt order . So < PROPFEMALE > if your out there get on it girl !!! 
Finished tech at 9:30 and now time to relax ..... Nevermind I meant do homework ! 
