this new years won't be as fun without all my friends but text me if ya want just sitting looking out at the sunset 

the future is a mystery but thats what makes it a fun adventure 
its full steam ahead from here and on . LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST !!!!! 
the polar bear plunge was PL in s summer day . I went back in for a second dip while they all ran away HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
should be back in minnesota around 8pm tmrw . I am so excited !!!! 
is so happy to be back in Minnesota and last night was a lot of fun . The only negative is the weather no pun intended LOL 
is back from up north . 
feels kinda sick but thats what allergies can do to you . UCK 
is feeling kinda crappy but probably be better tommorrow hopefully . 
has improved a lot since starting to play for shako . 
was bored the entire day hopefully tommorrow isn't the same . 
has work at 5 . 
had a good day at work got 100 times better when I saw < PROPFIRST > biff on a slippery part of the floor . HAHA 
' s knee feels like a knife is going into it every step . 
who needs a bonfire when you work at captain jacks with Klein . 
doesn't have a left knee well at least you can't see it . 
can actually bend my knee more with less pain . 
has work from 9 till whenever I get done . ugh prolly going to be a long day . 
' s knee is feeling way better and had a great time ay sand point and on Klein's boat even though I am a gimp . 
saw midnite showing of Transformers . great action movie . 
is finally gonna play in one of my soccer game after missing 3 !!! last home game anyone one to come here is the address - 2250 East 17th Avenue Shako MN 55379 
is finally gonna play soccer and is not a gimp anymore . 
had an intense game but last minute we tied it up . team is now 6 wins , 2 ties , and 0 losses . 
visited < PROPFEMALE > U and thought it was awesome !! 
is getting excited for the great weekend coming up . 
man my knee is sore almost all the time I hope it gets better and will have no more pain . At least I can run at prolly 75-80% rather than way less a couple days age . 
got a volleyball net . 
got some ( or stole ) sparklers . 
moved water gun fight to July 8th at 2:30 pm 
saw < PROPMALE > Cosby at orchestra hall and laughed the whole time . 
fixed a flat tire and is very tired and prolly fall alseep any time now . 
has a game tonight and hopefully we beat this team again like we did before 6 to 1 . 
is excited for the upcoming days becuz it will actually be nice outside . 
is watching tv . text me 
has quite a to-do list tommorrow . ugh 
got a lot done . mowed the lawn and washed my car . 
got back from a bonfire and is now bored . txt me 612.360.4023 
is excited for the 4th except for the fact I have to deal with drunk people for about 5 hrs . 
is excitied for tonight . Happy 4th of July . 
had a great time shooting fireworks at Klein's house . 
has to go to work at 11 . man I am tired and i really don't want too . :P 
is glad my team went unbeaten with the win tonight . 
is hoping that the weather is nice for wednesday . 
is getting pumped for tommorrow hopefully its nice . 
has work at 5 and would love people to come heckle me becuz I will prolly be very bored . 
had an awesome day with great friends and found an enclosed pop can with no pop in it and I took it out of the box !!! 
is wondering if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > . txt me 
hopes there is no other summer day like today becuz it was effing boring . 
had a boring day from beginning to end and hoping tommorrow will be better . 
has work at 5 on this beautiful day at least I am hosting outside today :) 
has work at 11 . man i hate working during breakfast . 
is relaxing after work and hoping something fun is going on tonight . 
watchin TV . text me 
is going to juggle with soccer ball . text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > 
is wondering what to do this is my first monday without soccer I feel lost . 
is probably gonna plan something in the upcoming week to see people I haven't seen in forever . 
can't get the song Lollipop out of my head . Lollipop Lollipop O Lolli Lolli Lollipop POP 
going to < PROPMALE > potter but doesn't know what to do until then . 
has soccer tonight at 6 . 
is kinda tired after soccer but I don't want to go to bed . 
finished mowing the lawn now my entire day is free . 
doesn't have to worry about senior pix anymore . 
just got a call that I don't have to come into work . What should I do now ? 
doesn't know what to do tonight . 
failed at trying to get people who I haven't seen in forever together maybe next time . 
had a great time at a bonfire and found out its very difficult to say sassafrass with marshmellows in your mouth . 
had an alright day but is bored right now . 
had a awesome night !!!!!!!!! Thanx again < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
is still tired from staying out so late but I am bored so I wanna do something fun . 
had another great day !!! < PROPFEMALE > Story is a good movie . 
has many things to look forward to . Super 6 are the best :) 
has last practice with Shako and then its state this weekend . 
watched Across the Universe and found it extremely wierd but delightful at the same time . 
going to visit UW-Lax tommorrow at 10am . 
had a long day of work but extremely fun . 
has State today for soccer against Grand Forks !!!! 
going to state championship with a 3-1 win !!!! O YEA !!! 
got 2nd place in State :'( but got asked by the Shako high school soccer coach to come back next year and play for the club again . 
had a great time at work and even a better time after work :D 
just finished soccer after starting at 9am now off to work at 5pm . 
is really tired and can't wait to go to sleep . 
is still sore from soccer but got to relax and got to see The Ugly Truth . 
is excited for Movie Drive-in but can't feel my legs . 
had a great time at drive-in last night !! 
had a busy but fun day at the same time . 
only thing I did to day that was fun was work which is pretty sad . 
what to do , what to do ?? 
had an awesome day . Got done early at work then played soccer and went bowling only bad thing qeusadillas were terrible from work . 
hates having allergies . blah 
has not been feeling myself lately and I don't know why . 
had fun night at a bonfire and then headed to the always open Perkins when it started to rain . 
got back from MOA now have work at 5 . 
wants to do something incredibly fun this week before two-a-days next week . 
went to the high school today and was surprised by the changes they made . 
had a great day . found out I suck at sting pong ( imagine my back with pelt marks all over it ) and totally destroyed the girls soccer team in a scrimmage . 
is working for < PROPFEMALE > tonight but might not have to due to bad weather . 
is visiting UMD tomorrow . 
had an awesome night . Got to see my bro who I haven't seen in over a month . Saw < PROPMALE > pull the impossible too 
went to a bonfire where there was no fire . so I guess I really went to a bon ?? 
had a super boring day at work . Two-a-days tomorrow and I am dreading it . 
must be in good shape or something cuz I am not sore after first day of two-a-days and usually I am really sore . 
is sore but no pain no gain so I must be gaining 
is thinking on what I should do . 
is thinking about quitting my sport but its tough cuz I love playing it . 
is done with soccer . 
is satsified with my decision but I will always play soccer . 
is going to bww later . 
1 AP Gov-gaudette 2 Culinary skills-schaffer 3 Physics-knapp 4 AP Stats-yost 5 College prep grammer-flanigan 6 PALS-lien 7 open but it will change since I dropped classes and changed other so I will prolly hav 2 opens 
and < PROPMALE > Klein are varsity girl's soccer managers 
had good time at applebees now going to work . 
had a good time with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
has work at 5 then right after going to bonfire . 
had a good time at work and a awesome time at a bonfire . Saw two shooting stars . 
is going to work at 11 . 
got to get prepared for first managing duty so < PROPMALE > and I will be getting ready tomorrow for thursday . 
is almost done getting prepared for managing on thursday just one more thing to do . 
better days - goo goo dolls 
is not tired so if anyone wants to talk i will or just text me 
is bored and doesnt know what to do today . 
is finally home after getting lost for about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . 
is watching < PROPMALE > Cosby : Himself and can't stop laughing lol 
listening to music on this new site madi showed me its awesome 
is having an epic competition against < PROPFEMALE > !!! right now I am winning 1-0 
was forced to change the epic competition 0-0 but doesnt matter I kno I will win . 
is totally going to destroy < PROPFEMALE > in the epic competition . 1 . annoyingness-1pt 2 . knowledge-1pt 3 . obstacle course(need a creative person to create it)-2pt 4 . Race(from my house to library and back)-3pt and the winner get something but don't know yet lol 
had a good day of work with some partying in the kitchen . lol 
is managing my first game today at 7 . 
got my schedule changed . 
thought the first game managing was easy but girls lost 3-1 
has work at 5 but after nothing so txt me . 
went to work and find out that downstairs is closed and nobody called me not to come in and now has nothing to do tonight . 
had a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s bonfire . Got to see < PROPMALE > play his 18 string guitar lol 
got my haircut today . 
got done with work early again now I need to find something to do . 
had a fun movie/DQ night with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
have my fantasy draft tonight and might do something after . 
had a great time last night . 
a fun day of managing but < PROPMALE > and I shuld prolly teach the girls a thing our two about soccer . 
is home just veggin on the couch . 
can't wait till my custom made sunglasses come !! 
is hoping the last weekend of summer is the best weekend of summer :) 
had a great time making shirts for Crim Cup ( the epic competition between < PROPFEMALE > and I ) and managing the girls game at 7 . 
forget what I said before the girls played fucking amazing . This teams motto should be \Gettin down and dirty \"" 
is watching \The < PROPFEMALE > Bride \"" 
The Drive In is cancelled and possible movie night at my house !!! 
hopes everyone had a great time at my house for movie night . 
is thinking the bet i made with girls soccer team was a bad idea . lol 
work at 11 . Hope its not busy on last day of summer . 
is liking my sched that I have but way to much hw . 
is not excited for weekend cuz need to find someone to work for me saturday and need to switch with someone on sunday , UGH 
is hoping I won't have pink hair in the future . 
well lets just say next week is going to be the most embarrassing week in my entire life . 
going to red wing tonight . 
had the best time on the ride home from red wing with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . \Fun to stay at the Y . M . C . A\ " lol " 
work at 11 then needs to meet the girls team at Eagan . 
just applied at YMCA and the date has been set for the hair to be dyed . 
has work at 5 then getting ready for school tmrw . 
tomorrow is when my hair gets \pretty\ " i guess LOL " 
HAS PINK HAIR !!!! everyone beaware of < PROPMALE > he is really really really mad 
is excited cuz I have an interview for YMCA wednesday :) 
has way to much homework but finished all of it except AP Stats . The rest of the day was good cuz everyone liked my pink hair . 
had a great interview for the YMCA !! 
is feeling way better than I did this morning . 
is going to make an attempt to go to school tmrw . 
is going to manage the girls game instead of going to football game which is diappointing and hopes that my hair grows back after I shave it pretty short tonight . 
doesnt have pink hair but didnt have to shave my head . Has a slight tint of blue but only in bright light . 
managing the girls game at 2 . Championship game for Drentlaw Invintational you all should come and watch . 
is going to bed . 
has way to many hard tests tmrw . UGH 
is officially an employee of the YMCA !!!! 
has short super blonde hair . 
had his last day at Captain < PROPFIRST>'s today 
hoping tmrw will turn out to be a great day after a long week . 
had a GREAT night and it got better throughout the night . 
just finished the Ts for Powder Poof . 
didn't realize how important I was to Captain < PROPFIRST>'s cause finding out everyone quit right after I did . I was the glue holding the place together 
has powderpoof later missed the meeting but signed up already and will still be there hopefully with a full team not a team of 5 . 
thanks < PROPFIRST > , Jak , and < PROPMALE > for great commentary at powderpuff . 
finished AP Stats project now i need to finish anatomy . 
had great time at football game and tmrw its the dance . 
had a absolutely great time at dance last night . 
loves how everyone wants me to help them with their Sociology project . lol 
had a good workout at the Y but now watching the twins 
OMG I thought Alexi was fast . GGRRRR 
WWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FREAKIN AMAZING !!!!!!!! 
is really tired but is mostly prepared for AP Gov and AP Stats test . 
had a full night freezing my ass off watching soccer than being in the hottest place ever watching the girl's swim meet . Both did very well GO LAKERS !! 
going to the game tonight GO LAKERS !!! 
that was worst game i have ever seen but after was really fun . 
working on the Stats in the news but it's freakin hard to find stuff !!! 
could live off bagel bites YUM !!!!! 
had a dull weekend besides friday but the 2 day school week makes it better . 
did anyone else miss fall fly by or are we going by a three season calender ?? 
had a really great time last night . The girls are crazier than I thought LOL 
is going to visit UND . yea the most exciting place in the world BLAH 
is drving up to Grand Forks in about 2 hrs . text me on my way up 
is back in the good ol ' PL !!!! 
is epically bored . does anyone want to do something tonight text 
thinks even though life can be hard and busy , there is always time for that one time you have a good laugh with your friends . 
is hoping this week flies by cause it's gonna be a busy week . 
going to work and is pumped for tmrw . 
thought today was a great day hopefully this week continues like that 
hates reading < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe stories I never can understand them 
thinks I have the greatest lunch table ever like no one can beat it . LOL 
is hoping I studied enough for AP Gov but just hoping the essay question isn't the 3rd one . 
had a great time at laser tag !!! 
was a legit pimp tonight !! Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s bday party !! 
is kinda tired but what a great time playing Ultimate Frisbee . 
wants to play Ultimate Frisbee badly right now and i dont know why but it is getting me excited for when we actually play real teams . 
finished my essay for < PROPFEMALE > now need to do the rest of the application and the other 3 well I am getting closer . 
has been having a pretty good weak finished pretty much all my college apps and has been on top of hw 
had a great day of ultimate and tommorrw more ultimate and come if you wanna get your pictures on fb and yearbook cuz a pro photographer ( my mommy ) is coming 
was really productive today 1 ) I took some awesome pix of ultimate 2 ) finish comp essay and typed it 3 ) typed my < PROPFEMALE > app 4 ) made my corrections on my AP Stats test man I wish I was like this every night but i won't 
had a good time at < PROPFEMALE>'s bonfire and had a fun time watching Breakfast Club with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > 
had a great time at < PROPMALE>'s Halloween bonfire and at < PROPFIRST>'s watching TV !!! Thanks for having me over guys . 
had a good hw time at caribou with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Gets to be Secretary for JOC again chyeah !!! 
thought it was the best UFC yet . Also found out the cost of team jerseys which is not that bad . 
“Life's truest happiness is found in friendships we make along the way . ” 
thinks it should stop raining because I liked yesterday when I could see the warm sun . 
is uber happy and excited !!!!!!!!!!! 
is feeling the workout now especially the lower back workout . 
thinks this has been the slowest week ever but don't mind because it has been just swell . 
is pumped for the T-Shirts for UFC !!!!!!!!! 
had another great day of Ultimate . Everyone who ordered a T-Shirt don't forget your $16 !!! 
don't forget anyone who ordered shirts for UFC bring $16 tomorrow !!!!!! 
had a good workout today at the Y 
finished the Dangle Trophy but who will win it only I know . 
is watching the best part in the movie Drumline right now . 
has a great movie night at < PROPFEMALE>'s!!!!!! 
had a gross but great day first I popped my should out and then back in during UFC hurt like a bitch at first , second got to hand out my trophy to < PROPFEMALE > , and last I LETTERED IN MANAGING TOTALLY AWESOME !!!! 
going to first aid training at the Y shuld be fun . NOT !! 
passed my first aid with flying colors now watching Day After Tomorrow . 
\Wonderwall\ " - Oasis " 
had a good workout today and now it is time to type my last college essay . 
finished my last essay now tomorrow need people to make corrections so I can hand it in tomorrow . 
\You Get What You Give\ " - New Radicals " 
thinks more people should come to the Swim meet at Hidden Oaks . 
thinks the girl's swim team did AWESOME !!! We didn't have largest student section but the funniest one also < PROPFIRST > and I will be mad at people who said they would come and didn't becuz there is NO EXCUSE !!!!!!! 
saw the school play and it was great !! Word of the day melancholy . LOL 
made 4 loaves of banana bread . 1 for each of my opens , 1 for my fam , and 1 for me :) 
finished my CSA !!! YES Thank god I hate this stuff 
has a pretty bad headache but should go away by time I need to go to work . 
had a great day of work and schedule this week is kinda busy but mostly of fun stuff . 
could probably live off banana bread . 
hates the school parking lot and the people who aren't careful driving . ugh 
had a good workout and now I am kinda tired . 
\Good Life\ " - OneRepublic " 
had one of the most fun days at UFC and now studying for AP Gov realizing I knew more than I thought 
went to Captain < PROPFIRST>'s today to grab my $6 check man tht place is so different 
THE SHIRTS ARE AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
if anyone wants a longsleeve UFC shirt tell myself or < PROPMALE > timmerman and it costs $10 . Anyone can hav one and they are awesome trust us 
thought \The Blind Side\ " is one of the greatest movies ever !!! " 
basically watched movies all day haven't done that in a while . 
doesnt want to go to work at all . I hope it is not busy . 
got a lot of hw done at caribou and even got a little ahead in AP Gov which I thought i wuld ever do 
is pumped for the UFC shirts tmrw !!! 
hates how much anatomy hw we get 
had a good workout now do I have hw ?? 
went to the movies w/ < PROPMALE > T and my Lakeville friends . 
GOT ACCPETED TO < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Youe love is a Song\ " - Switchfoot " 
what a great week this has been first three day school week , Thanksgiving , get to < PROPFEMALE > with friends all weekend and got accepted to my number one college choice !!! could it possibly get any better ?? 
saw 2012 w/ < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Man the dude in the movie is the luckiest man alive and the best driver i have ever seen lol 
went Frolfing for first time ever and didnt do so bad well near the end and watched Hot < PROPMALE > at < PROPFIRST>'s which is fucking hilarious 
doesnt know what to do ? homework ? NO !! does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > or do something tonight 
going to caribou to do some hw w/ other ppl trying to do hw lol 
failed epically trying to do hw but almost finished memo got side tracked by < PROPFEMALE>'s new laptop u can do so much on it omg 
hates homework !!!! Man I get focused on it then lose my focus within 20 sec 
got one paper done and half of another one . It's been a productive 2 hours . 
first day I didn't watch a movie . Probably saw all the good movies in theaters this weekend . This was probably one of the best weekends ever . 
hate sunday nights because it is the night you can never fall asleep and want to go out to do something but then you have school the next day . 
is basically a kid when ever I take a step into work . lol 
studying for anatomy . yea fun 
thinks everyone shuld vote on my poll it is on my profile wall . 
hates cold and ice but loves snow wish it culd snow when it was like 50 or 60 degrees out 
tonight was on of the greatest and funniest nights ever !!! 
what to do today ?? hhhmmmm 
“Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something . ” 
probably going to go workout today but don't know what I am going to do after 
had a good workout and run but now I am going to veg 
had a great night with the bestest of friends . I hate dog shock collars too !! 
hates taking surveys and thinks if your a girl taking a survey your perfectly fine but if your a dude just give up now 
bring $13 if u want a < PROPMALE > Optimist shirt if check write it out to me and here is what they look like if u havent seen them http://www.customink.com/designs/jocfinal2/15313268-3228832/retrieve 
is in like the greatest mood ever and hopes it conitnues throughout the week !!! 
hates driving in snow and ice it sucks 
felt good to sleep in today and got some hw done and now I am vegging 
hates when your shoveling and you throw the snow in the yard and it blows right back into your face 
went sledding today and it was freezing nxt time remember to do it when it is a < PROPFEMALE > warmer and when there is no wind bbbrrrrrr 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my head's in the sky 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeS5VcNpImk&feature=player_embedded < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I in NP having fun 
had a wonderful birthday with all my friends !!! Thanx for all the Bday wishes !!! 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
got a haircut but has highlights now not blonde hair lol 
hot tub + snow + hill = PAIN but also FUN !!!! 
thought this was a great weekend but wish I would hav done one more thing tht could hav made the weekend even better 
had a pretty fun weekend and for some odd reason I want to go in a hot tub and then just lay in snow LOL 
eye hurt so bad today and tmrw might wear glasses to skool for first time in like 6 or 7 yrs 
there is just so much u can do w/ a cricket it is amazing like making awesome Chistmas T-Shirts !!!! 
who needs < PROPMALE > and Frosty when u hav A < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas 
thinks it will takes forever to get these shirts done but i hav time tmrw to do 10 < more done need to get them done by friday if not they will be done by monday 
almost done w/ the T shirts and they are looking awesome !!! 
looked at a horoscope for the first time ever and they are pretty damn accurate wtf 
\The Man Who Can't Be Moved\ " - The Script " 
my groups Lipsynch Video is going to be sssooo Funny !!! lol 
likes visitng people working at Bville mall but doesnt like when i eat too much BLAH 
can't believe I got Evolution of Dance on a cd took me like 3 hrs but i did it WHOOP now i need to practice sometime w/ everyone lol 
had a uber fun time making gingerbread houses !!! 
is tired and bored not a good combo 
\Flake\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
going to compete in Vball tourny tonight at 7:30 
volleyball was AWESOME !!!! 2 v 2 vball is the best < PROPFEMALE > 
\Someday\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
can't wait to go to the 60 degree weather of Cali next week !!! people out there r prolly in sweatshirts and pants while i will be in t and shorts cuz i am fucking minnesotan 
had a pretty fun time at < PROPFIRST>'s and according to < PROPFEMALE > \I should belt my pipes more often\ " . I LOVE 4 WHEEL DRIVE TOO SAVE MY ASS ANY DAY " 
this snow is great for christmas < PROPFEMALE > and christmas but as soon as it hits 12:01 am on the 26th i want it to go away 
hates itunes so much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone have a great holiday :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
hopes everyone had a wonderful christmas !!!! 
is loving the weather and scenery in So Cal 
went to the beach and found a bunch of shells for friends but gonna look for more when the tide is lower 
is having a fun time in So Cal but will be back before u know it everyone and I have something planned for when I get back :) 
is missing my peeps right about now 
saw Avatar thought it was good but way too long . 
it was great seeing everyone today and Mr. T and < PROPMALE > Noirris are some sick dudes thanx < PROPFIRST > lol 
some people need to stay off the roid , the dudes working out at YMCA are huge 
feels so good at the moment could do a back flip but wont cuz I will most likely hurt myself 
is it Friday yet ?? UGH 
loves how my ipod gets radio and I can tag songs that I wanna buy 
usually thinking something over helps but not this time and I don't like it . 
gonna go workout and get rid of this thing called stress 
can't believe while I was working out I was thinking about muscles from anatomy but other than tht great lifting and good 20 < PROPFEMALE > run 
felt like the longest week ever glad it is done now to find stuff to do this weekend . 
saw sherlock holmes w/ < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . HHMMMM I wonder if there is going to be a 2nd one ?? 
now that I am awake I should find something to do . Anyone wanna do something ?? 
great night w/ < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . Football , Pizza , Death Race and then something I have never seen before HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
go the most hw I hav ever gotten done today !!!!!!! 
this weekend was pretty good . Let's hope it continues into the week but probably won't because of school 
now this song is ten times better lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we6R3GGkTW8 
\Talk you down\ " - The Script . Proabably my new favorite band " 
kind of a busy week didnt expect it to be this busy . Also sucks I guys there is something wrong w/ the JOC shirt now i gotta call them tmrw UGH 
has work and I dont think I hav the energy of my normal self to keep up w/ all the crazy kids and then I also hav to study for AP Gov 
is pumped today was just an all around good day !!!!! 
going to sit at home and rest for once . 
thought UFC Winter went better than expected but is gonna stick w/ warmer weather when playing frisbee 
had a good time at < PROPFEMALE>'s and saw < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in like forever . < PROPMALE > , I , and his wings totally scared the pizza dude and we got a free pizza out of it lol 
is blonde no more . 
working on my speech about < PROPFEMALE > . Yea thts right < PROPFEMALE > and if you still have any < PROPFEMALE > dolls I could use them for my speech and I will give them back to you after my speech . 
is feeling somewhat better today and now just has a little cold . 
sitting at home trying to get better while watching the Vikes 
finished my < PROPFEMALE > speech and needs a < PROPFEMALE > so if anyone would lend me one that would be nice :) 
is surprised tht the JOC shirts are already on there way here . Way faster than they said it would be ME LIKE 
going to work and after gotta do hw . Just one day I dont want any hw that day prolly will nvr come . 
saved a kids life ( stopped the blood running down his face ) today , basically took action before the emergency button was hit for help to come 
has work and maybe will save another kids life tonight but hopefully not becuz tht is bad 
got the JOC shirts so if u want urs i will have them tmrw . 
shuld i workout or shuldnt I ?? I am leaning to not so anyone want to do something tonite ?? 
had a pretty good workout and feeling great . 
needs to find something to do today hhhmmmmm I think I need to do what I am best at and plan something last minute :) 
loves the show \The Buried Life\ " !!! anyone want to make a list of things we want to do before we die ?? " 
is getting pumped for evolution of dance and made some changes to make it better 
\City on our knees\ " - tobyMac " 
who dat ? dat them vikings who are gunna kill the saints 
do i sense a flashback to 1998 . I hope to god not !!! 
my sense of a flashback from 1998 came true . Sad day or week for that matter 
finally got a < PROPFEMALE > and never thought I would ask the teacher of the class to get one lol 
note to self hockey games not basketball games except for girl bball games . 
\Get Back Up\ " - tobyMac " 
doing polar bear plunge and if you would like to make a donation under my name to special olympics that would be great don't care if it is just $1 it would be awesome 
had a great time tonight and a lot of \you had to be there\ " moments tonight LOL " 
thinks my groups infomerchial will be bomb . ( if < PROPFIRST > does it right , no pressure ) lol 
has felt tired all day and can't seem to stop watching this planet earth thing even though it is making me tired 
finally finished the speech video and it is funny . Prolly the best time I ever had doing hw lol 
\Lose My Soul\ " - tobyMac " 
is kind of lost and I don't know what to do . 
is disappointed right now and just can't seem to get a break . 
greatest and most fun hockey game ever !!!! Funniest part was either when the rink was dead silent and I yelled at parents or when < PROPMALE > ate shit LOL !!! Greatest part was when < PROPFIRST > Citrowski scored in last 10 sec !!! WE ARE < PROPFIRST > CITROWSKI !!!! 
can feel my finger beating with every heart beat . thanks < PROPFEMALE > LOL 
watched Gran Torino and it is one of the best movies ever and kinda sad 
has been thinking and is starting to realize the people I can trust and people who will always be beside me no matter the circumstances which is what a true friend should do . 
if I planned something tonight who would come ?? 
really hates when people just straight up don't answer back to texts . At least say No or something jeez kinda makes me mad 
just listening to music and did absolutely nothing today and it sucked 
“The size of your success is measured by the strength of your < PROPFEMALE > ; the size of your dream ; and how you handle disappointment along the way . ” 
had a great night and Saints won thats what's up go NFC even though I would rather have had the Vikes win it all 
hates snow with a passion it should just go away 
is thinking about making a snow angel right now :) 
each day at work I start to like babies more and more . People only talk about poop and puke but they are actually really funny hahahha 
IS on cloud 9 and possibly cloud 10 or 11 if they exsist !!!!! 
is pumped for tomorrow !!!! 
GREATEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE !!!!!! Could be me but the gym was the loudest I have ever heard it I mean I could barely hear the music . 
this was overall one of the best days ever couldn't be any happier 
had a pretty fun night and now I am tired out of my mind 
is glad there is no school tomorrow becuz I am exhausted 
needs to know who is competing in Spring for U.F.C. 
is kind of tired at the moment and hopefully feels better tomorrow 
needs to know who is competing in Spring for U.F.C. I have a few papers to give you 
still needs to know who is doing Ultimate Frisbee in Spring 
hates studying for AP Gov it is always bland and boring but I guess that is the definition of school 
going to the girl's bball game against shako tonight 
is getting progressively better at ping-pong except for when I take on < PROPMALE > Klein . FU < PROPMALE > !!!! 
feels amazing and finally got over this stupid cold 
had pretty fun night and prolly will lay down and just crash 
USA ALL THE WAY !!!! USA 5 Canada 3 
always likes when someone talks about a band because I always check it out and always seem to like it 
\The Rescue\ " - Search the City " 
is there ever a time not to have fun ?? 
a good workout today and made the best tribute speech ever !!! 
went to girl's basketball game . Was a scare after first half but they came through and won it 
is just veggin and it feels great 
had an epic time w/ < PROPFIRST > and night ended well at < PROPFEMALE>'s crib 
is kinda bored at the moment only thing keeping my occupied is USA v Canada 
FRICK YEAH !!!!! 
best game I have ever watched tough loss but I will not be ashamed of this loss 
this was a fun weekend that is for sure going to have to top it with this up coming weekend 
is loving this sun and warmth . Bring on Spring 
finshed my CSA !!! wow when your focused you get a lot done , who knew 
has gotten so much hw done the past 3 days it is ridiculous and at same time I had some crazy adventures and fun that almost never happens 
omg < PROPFEMALE > got me hooked on the word toats but it is so fun to say hahahaha 
doesn't understand why people will act normal around one person and then will act totally different when within a group . Seems stupid to me just act yourself all the time . 
is in a great mood now after that big sigh of relief 
is having a great week because the entire day I thought it was tuesday . 
had a fun mini-adventures with < PROPFIRST > today 
everything is starting to come together and it is making me pumped 
had a great day doing random things with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Fun fact of the day < PROPFIRST > and I only had Edelweiss for 24 hrs 
going to girl's basketball game tonight at 6 in Chanhassen GO LAKERS !! 
each of the past three nights have been awesome and they get better each time so tmrw shuld be epic 
bought Marianas Trench's \Master Piece\ " CD today and now bowling tonight hopefully another great night " 
thinks we should have a massive hide and seek at Wal-Mart becuz they don't care at all 
sucks at < PROPFEMALE > Pong went 1-6 but it was fun I for sure got better more I played 
like my schedule and the people in my classes going to be a fun 3rd tri 
this is crap where is the my cd I bought they said it wuld take 1-2 days to be shipped well it has been 2 days and not even here LIES 
guy totally thought I was an MMA fighter becuz of my UFC shirt , I told him I wasn't then he said still think you could be one 
going to teach kids how to play ultimate frisbee in the rain should be interesting 
had a great time with < PROPMALE > and helping him teach Ultimate Frisbee . Also learned the game of padidle or however you spell it 
frick today it felt like every second was like a minute and every minute was an hour 
is happy nuff said 
\Beside You\ " - Marianas Trench " 
is tired and now gets to relax and do nothing UNLESS someone wants to do something then I will do that instead 
what a great night . Mexi-packed 5 ppl in my truck going through T-bell drive thru , frisbee in T-bell parking lot , more random stuff w/ < PROPFIRST > 
got an A- last tri in stats how the frick did that happen ? 
gophers dominated and now waiting for State hockey championship game gonna have people come over that game 
hates daylights saving time now I lost an hour of sleep work at 7:30 in morning ugh 
is awake with only 4 hours asleep don't know how I made it out alive with kids for 4 hours 
got back from working out and kids were playing frisbee I toats ran out to them and started to play 
\Perfect\ " - Marianas Trench " 
weather+friends+frisbee = GREAT TIME 
might be a slow week but at least it is warm that makes it way better 
Sun can you please come back 
what a great week so far : SUN , Angels and Airwaves tickets bought , Ultimate Frisbee and did I mention SUN 
almost died today in school but as soon as that < PROPFEMALE > ring and i took a step outside it felt great 
is pissed at the dude I keep emailing for Ultimate he is retarded keeps telling me crap I already know all I want to know is one simple thing but he can't seem to figure it out AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH !!! 
if we don't get to compete for ultimate frisbee after I did all this fucking work I am going to be pissed at this ass hole 
feels great sent out the Ultimate Stuff so we are playing guys and it is SPRING BREAK !!!! 
since everyone's status is saying goodbye to Minnesota I will say goodbye to everyone cuz i am staying and I am gonna rock Minnesota w/ my other peeps who are staying hahahahahahahaha 
had fun night especially when we made WAHHHH videos !!! 
so from what I have heard from < PROPFIRST > ( who is in Spain ) I ( who is in minnesota ) have had more fun so far . MN 1 - Spain 0 
were the three best friends that anyone could have . yes were the three best friends that anyonwe could have and well never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever leave each other !!!!!..... ( love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ) 
watched Boondock Saints with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . That movie is so BA man now I need to see the second one !!! 
had a great time at the ropes course in MOA 
had the best day ever went throughout Minneapolis area on this beautiful day with a bunch of great friends couldnt have asked for a better day 
< PROPMALE > to me was all day in football today damn now I know who my QB will be whenever I play football 
another beautiful day in good ol Prior Lake so good that played little frisbee and football with guys and you better watch out for when < PROPMALE > is QB and I am his go-to-guy can you say TD everytime 
just relaxed all day today it was nice 
thinks it is time for everyone to start floating back to Minnesota becuz according to < PROPFIRST>'s and my friend tree I can only go to 1 person out of my main 6 
listening to Search the City just gets me more and more excited for summer 
shuld prolly start on that homework ( by start I mean look at then just put it away 2 sec later ) 
anyone on ULTIMATE FRISBEE team go to UPA website ( upa.org ) call leave a message for < PROPFEMALE > Schott or Will Deaver it is complicated so listen to the < PROPFIRST > you need to dial or send an email to either of them or do both !!!!!! 
it is sssooooo nice outside 
looked at my homework I got today and stared at it for 10 < PROPFEMALE > and said \I have no fricken idea what I am doing here\ " then I gave up and went to Panera " 
can you say BOMB DIGGITY !!!! 
Dark Blue - < PROPFIRST>'s Mannequin 
is just in a great mood things are just going the way I want them hopefully that continues 
can feel bruises coming from everywhere shoudlnt have dived 100 times at ultimate but I will tough it out 
FRICK < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . FRICK FRICK FRICK !!!!! 
this was a fun weekend and can't wait till thursday 
That For Me - Forever the Sickest Kids 
played ultimate for 3 and a half hours omg I am tired but it was fun 
no ssssssoooooooooo close an inch lower man that sucks 
true friends are the ones that you can play a practical joke and they won't get mad but they will laugh and be smiling 
CAN'T WAIT SUPER PUMPED FOR TOMORROW !!!!!!!! 
now I know we can compete after our 15-1 win over Hastings 
last night was a good night < PROPFIRST > and I have our dates to prom 
has to open tmrw morning . idk why I do this to myself and stay up so late 
this was a relaxing day and I am actually looking forward to this week becuz 2 late starts and one day with only one class YES !!! oh and our game v Eastview which everyone should come to ;) 
Sleeping in tomorrow might actually be awake in ap gov 
\My Worst Nightmare\ " - Forever the Sickest Kids " 
had the best sleep ever before school might be awake today in classes i usually fall asleep in 
Coffee Break - Forever the Sickest Kids 
found the team with the worst hand writing ever and these were just < PROPFIRST > omg LOL 
my livestrong braclet I had for 3 years broke and after it broke I did the dumbest things ever man never want that to happen ever again 
GAME DAY BABY !!!!! Should see everyone coming to our game at 6 on fields by teacher's lot 
we played hard against what could be the top team in state but let's win the rest of the games we have 
body aches like no other still man good weekend to recover 
got my tux today hopefully I will look fly in it 
what a fun night I think < PROPMALE > was surprised about his early birthday party 
going to Angels & Airwaves tonight it is going to be SWWEEEETTT !!! 
ANGELS & AIRWAVES CONCERT WAS TOTALLY WICKED !!!!!!!! only buzzkill was when beer was being spilt on us the entire time 
wants to relive last night or does anyone wanna go on a road trip ?? 
ultimate frisbee team might be in the Prior Lake American !!!!! 
today was and still is beautiful !!!!! 
this has been the slowest week ever and it is only a 4 day week what the crap 
too many tests this week can you just end the week 
has like so much energy right now man it is crazy 
game day tomorrow guys let's win this one by large one 
longest and best game ever even though we lost 16-14 it was intense but their coach said we were amazing first year team and wondered where we were last year . He also said that the rest of our games should be a breeze ME LIKE 
so exhausted physically and mentally from last night and this morning 
Ultimate Frisbee team is in PL American pg 17 we even have a picture on front page !!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
fun night and The Hurt Locker is a great movie 
kinda bored but nice to sit and relax 
nothing like < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home videos to make you laugh 
done working out now do I have homework ?? why wonder when I won't even do it 
this should be a fun filled week . New Job(well not really ) , Game , Prom , and then a surprise party 
man hoping everyone comes to practice tomorrow becuz kind of lame and now need to think what I am going to do for my coaching day HHHMMMM 
\Into Your Arms\ " - The Maine " 
after work went to Panera and saw the Awesome crew and then went to Wal-Mart with < PROPFEMALE > . 
we won 15-6 feels good to be back on top let's start a winning streak now 
today was a good day basically did nothing in every single class 
had an awesome time as < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party . Funniest thing she probably surprised us first before we surprised her we had like a ten second delay stare down until we said surprise LOL 
these are the days you lay in the grass and look up at the clouds 
last night was probably the best night I have ever had . 
AP Gov is going to kill me tomorrow but I might pass which would be awesomeness 
loves it when you go to work and your ready to get going then have to leave as soon as you get there 
starting to get that summer attitude of doing crazy stuff and out of the ordinary ideas popping in my head and it is awesome 
IS DONE WITH AP TESTS !!!! YYYYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSSS !!!!!! 
just wants to do a back-flip becuz my mind is now set into full out summer mode 
is thinking up of something fun to do in the next couple weeks . 
spoke in a girly < PROPFEMALE > accent at work today it was awesome how much the kids liked it HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
down 14-9 ( they need 15 to win ) come back and WIN 17-16 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has so much energy flowing through me even after probably the longest game ever 
is exhausted beyond belief and I have work tonight UGH 
is all of a sudden not tired and it is awesome 
happy mother's day and walked 5k to fight breast cancer to help my mom , a 2 year survivor 
it was a pretty fun weekend only bad thing is not feeling th best right now 
just wants to know who we will play our last 3 games 
thought the talent show was great I should have pulled my dance moves out for it lol 
ugh worst moments ever right after ultimate first people straight up can't drive second ortho just sucks and third went to 4 gas stations before my card worked ( this is when I am less than a quater of a tank ) but now I am good 
is pumped for tmrw after a slow week something to look forward to 
yea let's get to the win streak to 4 now next week and I expect for fans next week 
had a great time at my last high school dance last night 
went to the outdoor movie it was actually really good it just got me more excited for when I plan the drive in movie which is even more awesome 
wants to do something outside today becuz it is sssoooo nice 
going to go frolfing soon 
what a fun day basically outside all day and it was perfect frolfing day and to top it off DQ where I got a free large Blizzard AWESOME 
we are signed up for state now figured out where everything was 
what a great \College Day\ " I had today " 
today was a fun day I mean beautiful weather , friends , and fun things to do always make a great day 
is it the weekend yet ?? 
won 15-6 and best part was after the game SHAVING CREAM !!!! LOL 
tonight was such a funny night never have a laughed so much at a prank lol 
the weekend FRICK YEAH !!!!! 
going to watch some ultimate tomorrow becuz I have nothing else to do 
yet another great weekend . My friends are the best ever !!!! 
“Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love , the things you are , the things you never want to lose . ” 
played ultimate prolly for 40 < PROPFEMALE > and started sweating after the 5 < PROPFEMALE > omfg it is hot 
THURSDAY GAME VS APPLE VALLEY ( basically our shako for ultimate ) EVERYONE SHOULD COME EVERYONE I MEAN IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
watching some USA soccer getting ready for the World Cup 
my neck hurts so much don't know what I did could use a massage or something 
you know what tomrrow is ?? Tomorrow is where PL Ultimate should get a shit ton of fans for our game vs our rivals Apple Valley 
TOMORROW IS GAME DAY !!!!! PL v AV 6pm soccer fields by teacher's lot 
frick yea we beat AV !! Now State we have a tough road ahead of us but we are the comback kids 
fun night and got my job back at Captain < PROPFIRST>'s 
great day on the lake sssoooo nice out and then Mal's grad party was fun too . 
went swimming with softball shorts kind of awkward but it was fun 
rain is one of the most calming nature sounds 
finally got the gov project on facebook took fricken forever . You all should watch it is funny and you basically learn nothing lol 
going to finish my last project in like 15 < PROPFEMALE > if I don't get distracted 
DONE WITH ALL MY PROJECTS YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
today was the worst day for the only reason I thought it was Friday 
is the most optimistic and < PROPMALE > is most friendly . together we will conquer the world with friendliness and optimism BWWWAAAHHHH 
is exhausted 4 games on saturday and 3 games today . now I shall nap then go do stuff later 
this was by far the most fun weekend ever . CALIFORNIA GIRLS !!!! LOL 
LAST DAY TOMORROW !!!! Watch out for < PROPFIRST > and I ;) 
we love < PROPMALE > Cramer ! - love < PROPFEMALE > Finn :) , < PROPFEMALE > Peterson and Tdubs(Taylor < PROPMALE > ) !! 
took < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and I 4 hours to complete 50 turns of < PROPFIRST > Party 8 OMFG not doing that again 
last night was so much fun now off to work 
graduation !! Let's take it all in tonight 
last night was so much fun but feels like I haven't graduated yet 
well that was a lot of grad parties and now tmrw get to see what it is like to host one great from what I have seen looks like it sucks . 
today was a rough day didn't feel good at all getting better before I begin working 6 days a week gonna make bank 
hates allergies I feel like I am in slow-mo right now 
went to go check my sched at CJ and I like it even though I bus becuz they are usually the first people let go ;) 
summer colds suck blah 
needs to get rid of this cold for good so I can enjoy this wonderful weather 
went to twins game with < PROPFIRST > and now w/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s gf maybe LOL 
saw Toy Story 3 last night brought back some great memories 
feels good to be back at CJ's got to see people haven't seen since last summer 
feeling better now that I rested today going to go to grad parties tmrw 
trying to get bushes out of the ground was harder than I thought becuz their god damn roots go down like 10 feet 
played frisbee today and man do I miss it 
been a long day need to chillax and bonfire is the perfect way to do it 
Llamas and Ducks !!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
is so happy that USA won but next time don't give me a heart attack and just score goals right away and not in extra time 
needs to plan something where I can actually get everyone to come since it is summer again I need to find something epic to do . 
worst place to work during a storm is Captain Jacks I have plenty of stories where I almost died there no lie 
since USA is out looks like the new team I am cheering for is either Germany or Chile 
is off to work text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > when I am done 
work sucked tonight but tomorrow Ultimate Frisbee at 2pm at Lakefront anyone is welcome to come 
Ultimate Frisbee Lakefront at 2pm today be there if you want to have a good time 
got home from ultimate sister made tacos thinking I wasn't going to be home well her mistake 
Can You Find Me ? - The Summer Set 
what a beautiful day to bad had work but hopefully like this Thursday 
good night it was fun need more summer nights like this 
did my pre-class sign-up for < PROPFEMALE > and now working on thank you letters 
yesterday was probably the best time I have had this summer !!! 
alright now Uruguay must destroy Netherlands becuz I hate the Netherlands 
is pumped that Germany destroyed < PROPFEMALE > 4-0 
didn't have much of a happy 4th of July 
dang Netherlands won well cmon Germany beat spain then win it all 
tonight was a pretty fun night but am wondering why the Religulous hasn't been killed yet 
GO GERMANY !!!!!! 
crap the two teams I didn't want in final are what are the chances of that 
it was a pretty good day tmrw shuld be fun 
needs to start hanging with people that I haven't < PROPMALE > out with in awhile 
so tired but my second wind should come in a little bit 
good day of frolfing and I am beginning to master the hammer throw with a frolf disc 
saw Fight Club for first time nothing what I expected it to be actually not even freaking close to what I thought it was going to be it has blown my mind 
coolest song ever the beginning of Book of < PROPMALE > we decided < PROPFIRST > will make the noise for you if you would like lol 
Pkease RAIN !! I don't want to work 
had my last day at Captain Jacks ( well for this summer ) but don't worry everyone I will visit 
going to have some fun w/ Ultimate soon and then after that don't know usually don't plan an hour ahead 
done with work today now what to do tonight 
did pretty much nothing the past couple nights need to change tht tmrw 
has been exhausted lately and that needs to stop 
going to play Ultimate Frisbee at Lakefront 6pm should be fun 
\Action in the Anecdote\ " - And Then There Were None " 
watch the end credit of Despicable Me with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > found the best name ever Leff Lefferts HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
has something epic planned and I am excited for it 
is not doing anything so want to < PROPFEMALE > text me 
fun day and dang the < PROPFEMALE > is uber bright 
dang raining kinda hard . Who wants to play ultimate ?? LOL 
pretty dull week so far only good thing was Quelf man do I need my partner in crime < PROPFIRST > to come back 
is anyone home this weekend who wants to < PROPFEMALE > cuz today was boring 
going to play Ultimate at 6 at Lakefront 
good day today : Cantebury , Twins Game , Ultimate , < PROPFIRST > getting stitches , fighting off cats while talking to a bird and last watching the Dudesons w/ < PROPMALE > and samm . 
I look at my friends faces and remember them , I listen to their laughs and I < PROPFEMALE > them , I remember the good times with them to keep me moving forward into the future becuz they are my life and I wouldn't trade any of them for anything . 
good night got to see tons of ppl who I haven't seen in forever 
good day on the boat and now I am pumped for tomorrows adventure with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > 
had a fun time playing pick-up ultimate all weekend but now I must rest cuz my body hurts 
man this is a first this summer time seems to have slowed down cuz it feels like it should be like a few days before I leave 
fun night throwing pennies at signs as you drive by is so much fun so satisfying when you hit one lol 
\Have Faith In Me\ " - A Day to Remember " 
so fun driving through the storms drove all the way past New Prague and found out 169 went down there then drove all the way up to St. < PROPFIRST > Park then back home 
wants to go on another drive in middle of night in middle of nowhere except with no storms with clear skies to look at the stars . whose with me ? 
last night was pretty fun and today should be just as fun might even go to Captain Jacks to see everyone again 
man tomorrow might be last day I get to < PROPFEMALE > with my greatest friend of all time < PROPFIRST > Roberts . 
tonight was a great night but also kind of depressing but I am definitely going to see everyone over break . 
got everything for college and I am getting excited 
\Reinventing < PROPFIRST > Cohn\ " - And Then There Were None " 
is packing tomorrow then move in thursday got to get as many goodbyes in tomorrow as possible 
leaves today for < PROPFEMALE > am excited but going to miss everyone 
loving college with each day that goes by 
still can't figure out the card trick one of the RAs did 
needs to find some ultimate cuz I keep hearing about it but can never find it 
had a life changing experience tonight and now I understand things much better 
just played ultimate and dominated . EDGREN #1 !!! 
first day of classes for everyone else didn't have one so I played ultimate all day . 
man had 4 classes today that was brutal and got a lot of reading to do but did most of it so that is good prolly finish it off tonight and tmrw 
back in PL cuz my bottom teeth are all out of place not a good feeling 
first quiz in college got 14/15 YES !! 
barking ducks 2010-2011 
So much reading in college !! I read over 100 pgs in 2 hrs 
my bottom teeth finally feel better after I got them knocked around they are still out of place just less pain 
going to go play ultimate soon ! 
today was a good day < PROPMALE > Football and Soccer , ultimate , movie , and mau 
wishes everyone could go through Vespers at < PROPFEMALE > because it is life changing 
starting to realize once your in college you take like tons more naps than before 
so much studying I don't know if I can comprehend everything 
basically was creeping on some people tonight and then it ended being a hide and seek game going down 
took this test today which tells you what type of person you are and it got it exactly right it was crazy 
guess what today is friday !!!! 
great day got to see < PROPFIRST > Schmidt win < PROPFEMALE > Idol , I found out I am captain of my dorm , and played games until 2am . 
what a fun night ultimate , ultimate , dodgeball , and Capture the Flag where we destroyed Bodien . EDGREN #1 
hates the time in between class when you have nothing to do and you aren't able to nap ssoooo boring 
got a retainer for my teeth not liking it so far but maybe when my teeth are in place more it will get better . 
yes done with class for week becuz no class off so I will be back in PL friday and saturday 
just haven't been feeling myself today don't know why 
is back in good ol PL baby !!!! 
nice to be back home but am glad that I am back at < PROPFEMALE > 
going to be a busy week can tell already 
getting more and more happy as each day goes by with our teamwork at Edgren . WE DON'T SETTLE !!! 
hates CWC so much to learn in such little time 
has conquered the CWC exam now time to take a nap :) 
< PROPFEMALE > BEAT st. johns 17-14 OH YEAH 
man what would I do without Angels and Airwaves 
GETTING PUMPED FOR THE WEEK !!!! 
found out that < PROPFIRST > Erickson favorite word is \aahhmmmm\ " good times in DC at 2 am lol " 
getting ready to lead the cheer tonight ! GO EDGREN !! 
seriously I don't have a voice even ask < PROPFIRST > M Wagner . 
sounds ridiculously dumb when people say they lost there voice last night and can't talk you should come talk to me becuz it sounds like I am whispering . 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Erickson will find the medallion before me because I'm dumb and pathetic . 
going off 4 hours of sleep and I am not tired !! Man I am probably going to be loopy later . lol 
didn't know I could scream bloody murder till tonight . 
this week has made me super sleep deprived . Being Captain is fun but man there is a lot that goes into it . 
today was a fun day even though Edgren got crap scores and got 4th overall we were by far the most excited about homecoming week . THAT'S WHY I LOVE EDGEN !!!!! 
did the 5K this morning with < PROPFIRST > Erickson and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
you know college life is great when you watch Tarzan on VHS 
I think I had a cold last week but didn't start noticing it till now cuz I was so busy . UGH 
had to go to a mandatory meeting this morning for my < PROPMALE > . I get there only 8 people are there so much for mandatory . 
pure vitamin C and water mixed together is the weirdest tasting thing ever . BLAH 
\Who ever loves his brother lives in the light and there is nothing in him to make him stumble\ " 1 < PROPFIRST > 2:10 " 
last night was one of the most inspirational , mind clearing Vespers ever . I am one of the happiest people in the world right now ! 
worst day of weather ever . Looking outside makes me want to sleep but I can't becuz i have to study . 
applebees bingo was so much fun w/ the guys . 
getting ready to sign up for next semesters classes can be very difficult . 
listening to the powerful words of Lecrae . 
DON'T TELL < PROPFIRST > Schmidt ABOUT BLADDING !!!! 
is mad at < PROPFIRST > Schmidt at the moment . 
walked right by the guy who has me to assassinate in the Edgren lobby . CREEPY !! 
\Have Faith in Me\ " - A Day To Remember . " 
is being followed by a creepy man for Mission Impossible . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Post and < PROPFIRST > Coulter are so funny with all the post-it notes they put everywhere in my room but I did appreciate the post-it notes with the compliments on the mirror . LOL 
Burly Man Retreat . Should be fun . 
Burly Man retreat was so fun . Freshman made an upset win over upperclassman thanx to some help from barking ducks !!! 
had my advisor meeting and it went really well . What a relief 
loves getting a letter in the mail from his BFF < PROPFEMALE > Lim !!!! :) 
the day has started off good , did better on psych exam than I thought , now time to prepare for CWC 
hates studying for CWC !!!! 
it is 1am and I am not tired at all . What am I going to do ? 
the first snowfall is always one of the most beautiful scenery on the earth . 
super fun weekend but now I am extremely tired so time to take a nap 
\Sweetly Broken\ " - < PROPFIRST > Riddle " 
R.I.P. Uncle < PROPMALE > . You'll never be forgotten because you are with us always . 
is getting ready to see all my friends from PL but I got to wait a week . 
just wrestled < PROPFIRST > Puckett , in other words I took on a big black man . lol 
doesn't know what to think , so much on my mind . 
registration is going to give me a heart attack but God must be on my side and is helping me get through it . 
is just having a roller coaster of emotions this past week . 
is so bored . First time I think I have done homework on a Saturday . 
\Your Love is a Song\ " - Switchfoot " 
has basically begun his Thanksgiving break , so Prior Lake be ready because I am coming back tomorrow !! 
is back at my actual home even though it feels like I just left it . 
it was nice to see the guys but missing the ducks . 
nothing like spending time with my best buddies Samm Blaschke and < PROPFIRST > LaFrance . 
is thankful for < PROPFEMALE > , family , friends , and Jesus Christ 
YEAH < PROPFEMALE > !!! let's take down St. < PROPFIRST > now . 
\New Shalom\ " - Lecrae " 
great break but glad I am going back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
it is good to be back at < PROPFEMALE > . 
rain yesterday , snow today , lets just have a hurricane come through now . 
if you have over 70 water bottles laying in your room and don't know what to do with them , come look at my dorm window !!! 
“The\ 
future is not a result of choices among alternative paths offered by \ 
the present , but a place that is created -- created first in the mind and \ 
will , created next in activity . The future is not some place we are \ 
going to , but one we are creating . ” 
feels good to be done with CWC . 
for some reason today has been a good day . Hope it continues that way the rest of the night . 
\This\ " - < PROPMALE > Rucker " 
finished the CWC essay !!! Now I am completely done with one class this semester . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes !! 
guarantees that the past two weeks I have studied more than my entire high school career . 
Loves < PROPFIRST > Minea with his whole heart . period . End of story . 
is done with finals !!!! Leaving < PROPFEMALE > Saturday and it is kind of depressing seeing everyone leave . 
great night with the guys , most fun I have had in awhile . 
went on a nice below zero run with < PROPFIRST > Hangartner . 
live a Trinitarian life because it is the best life you can live . 
get to see old friends tonight and then tomorrow I am heading to Watertown !!! 
loved hanging with < PROPMALE > Buttenhoff last night and today !!! Man shows me how much I miss the rest of the Barking Ducks . 
one hobby that I love doing is spray painting T-shirts for friends . 
going to be playing soccer for the first time in over a year should be interesting . 
been a great week so far caught up with friends and got a nice surprise from < PROPFIRST > M Wagner showing up at my house and staying the night . Next thing to do Milwaukee New Years Conference baby !!! 
conference has changed my life forever . How I look at Gospel , How I see myself and What I want to do with my life have all changed for the better . 
going back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !!! 
is back \home \"!!!!" 
can already tell that interim will be a time where I will force myself to find stuff to do . 
going to play broomball soon . BROOM GOES THE DYNAMITE !!! 
is going to stick with sports that are not in the winter . 
is getting pumped for the < PROPFEMALE > Ultimate Frisbee team !!! 
\Give Me Your Eyes\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
glorify God with everything you do . He loves you so show him you love him . 
got my first nasty battle scar from Ultimate and it was only the fourth practice . OUCH !! 
can't get enough hanging with the ducks on some late night fun . 
He guides my ship and has taken over my life for I let him because he let his only Son die for my sins . 
going home for part of the weekend . 
got greeted by < PROPFIRST > Schrupp today with a piece of broccoli to the face . lol 
it is so nice out that I might go for a run in shorts !! 
had an quite the adventure with < PROPFIRST > Girard and < PROPMALE > Hunt tonight . 
glorify Him in everything you do because He loves you more than you can imagine . 
just got to scream with < PROPFIRST > Schrupp and man did it feel good !!! 
if only I could play ultimate and volleyball all day everyday . 
first < PROPFEMALE > Ultimate game of season we won 13-3 !!!! 
wax on , rip off , < PROPFIRST > Hangartner and I say OOOOWWWWWW !!! 
< PROPFIRST > M Wagner , < PROPMALE > Kidder , < PROPMALE > Ck Kamerick , < PROPFIRST > Turner get ready we are going to have an adventure !!!!!!!!! 
We made it to Cali after being stuck in desert for 4 hours driving through a blizzard for about 2 hours but plus side we got to see the most beautiful scenery and meet the nicest man ever named Skeeter 
< PROPFIRST > Turner's quote of the week \You don't know me \"" 
is stuck in California with a broken down car . Please pray for us that we can find the part to fix the car . 
is back at < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
it is official , I am going to South < PROPFEMALE > for 2 months this summer !!! 
over the past 3 days I have been in the library for more than 20 hours and still counting . What a fun college life . 
First day of practice outside ! < PROPFEMALE > Ultimate Frisbee is off the ground . 
living in East E-2 !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > at Gustavus tomorrow in Ultimate Frisbee at Noon . 
looking at the stars tonight showed me the beauty that God has given us and sense of calmness that was needed . 
caught the game-winning Callahan to beat St. < PROPFIRST>'s 10-8 
is finding out more and more how much fun rooming with < PROPFIRST > Girard next year will be . We are more alike than I think both of us know . 
when did I move to Alaska ? 
has to get a new phone . Man this sucks I hate rain . 
Christ is risen !!!! 
\Don't you know your beautiful\ " - Seabird " 
now knows what is like to < PROPFIRST > a very very good Ultimate Frisbee player after today . Man do I want to get to that level !!! 
