is watching scrubs on hulu bc nooone will come < PROPFEMALE > out with him ... 

feels a little un-popular right now ... :/ 
is not in nearly a)s good of shape as he wants to/should be ... fml ... ( Round is no londer an acceptable shape ! ) 
is having fun playing with his laptop ! Everyone should check out xubuntu atleast once !! 
is having to relearn a little more than I expected with the xubuntu stuff but i'm still lovin ' it !! :) 
is getting this !!! Sort of ,,,, 
is getting this figured out :) 
is home alone .... sort of ... 
is bored ... 
ONLY SEVEN DAYS !! :D 
had fun today .... even if part of it turned out to be a drift-and-bake .... 
fml ... some more ... 
needs sleep 
is ready for HIS internet to be working 
is finally done with his case study ... :) 
finally has internet at his apt !! Yay !! =D 
is finally home after a very long night at work ... and is NOT looking forward to 8am Micro exam ... :( 
is watching srubs :) 
is ready to get these exams over ... 
is bored 
is bored and thinks u should come < PROPFEMALE > out in my clean apartment :D 
has decided that since absolutely noone is willing entertain him he's just going to get piss drunk by himself ... 
was having an ok day until he locked his keys in his car ... FML 
SOMEONE PLEAE ENTERTAIN ME !! PLEASE !! 
google chrome looks hilarious in linux bc it was designed for windows 
is bored ... please come < PROPFEMALE > out ..... 
needs more friends :( ... FML ... 
has to be at work in less than 7 hours .. FML 
is home ... 
has come to realize that teeth are really important to him ... :/ hmmm 
needs something .... :/ 
is SOOO bored !!! :( FML 
is having a horrible day and needs someone to come over and make it better ... please ! :( 
is looking forward to this weekend :) 
' s day just went down the drain . 
' s pipes are getting fixed now !! yay ! i'm talking about the ones under my apt btw lol 
is going to sleep to get ready for another day at the grindstone tomorrow ... 
is bored out of his mind ... again ... 
does not want to go to work today ... 
wishes cd were more durable ... 
a computer just told me it drank beer today .... :/ 
today , my life is AWESOME !! :D 
want's to go sailing but it's ok be MY LIFE IS AWESOME !! :D 
had a good sail today :) 
just beautifully and mercilessly executed the 15 minute rule ... this is gonna be a good day :-D 
does not want to be in class this morning .... ugh ... 
It's Doppelgänger Week : change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your photo then cut/paste this to your status . 
was in the spot light ! :) 
Meet me at Elixer ! 
needs someone to go downtown with tonight ! 
Just realized that most of my pics on fb are me with cute girls ... life is better than i realized :-D 
just finished his first shift at his new place of employment ... and it was very satisfactory :) 
does not wanna be at school right now but is looking forward to going out on the boat sunday and next thursday ! who wants to go ? 
Just got back from Fuji San and it was awesome ! :) 
is going to DI this weekend =D yay ! 
is going to DI this weekend =D yay ! who wants to come ?? 
you are unique ... just like everyone else ... ;) 
is bored and waiting on u to call and tell me what we're doing tonight ! 
happy easter everyone ! 
wants to have a stoplight party ! 
is not looking forward to this ... 
night world . 
is tired . 
hates when people with two full buggies of shit get in the \speedy checkout\ " lame @ < PROPMALE > world ... FML ... " 
is forcing himself to be productive and clean house ... ugh ... 
is eating crawfish off of plywood . I love pikefest ! 
had a great night/day and still in bed @ a decent hour ! 
is about to lose his mind @ work bc its so slow ! 
is off work and heading home to get cleaned up for arts alive . 
is enjoying himself @ arts alive ! 
is bored . call me ! 
wow ! that was easy ! 
just got kicked outta pikefest . mission accomplished . 
is wondering where his teammates are ... 
is tired of excuses . 
needs ______ ! 
is having a good weekend :) 
life is pretty good today :) 
being grown up is lame sometimes but i wouldn't trade my freedom for anything :) 
is going to the beach ! :D 
had a blast @ the beach today ! :) 
a an amazing blast of a time in p'cola beach today ! too bad my car couldn't hold more of my peeps :/ ill just have to take different ones next time :) 
hates walmart with a passion ! 
LOVES HIS NEW SURROUND SOUND SYSTEM !! 
is enjoying his clean apartment :) 
is in p'cola beach yet again . life is good ;) 
is celebrating memorial day by washing clothes and cleaning house :) 
can't wait to go to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
just got checked into an awesome hotel for a great price and has a bottomless beer and daiquiri pass for the night . < PROPFEMALE > isn't ready for us ! 
is afraid he has already lived through the happiest times of his life . 
is having s great time downtown with his girlfriend and his new friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and couldn't imagine his life without them(well I could but it wouldn't be nearly as good) ! 
is awake on his day off . for some odd reason . 
is excited about going sailing today 
went on a shopping spree in his most hated store ... 
needs a liquor cabinet/bar . anyone have one(preferably antique , but any thing will do ) I can steal/have/buy ? 
Sadly , Mobile is becoming almost as small as P-goula ... I still need a liquor cabinet/bar . anyone have one(preferably antique , but any thing will do ) I can steal/have/buy ? 
Sadly , Mobile is becoming almost as small as P-goula ... < PROPFEMALE > here i come ! I still need a liquor cabinet/bar . anyone have one(preferably antique , but any thing will do ) I can steal/have/buy 
thinks about the future and just gets scared he'll never make it to where he wants to be ... :( 
showed up for work @ 6:55 this morning , worked for 26 minutew only to find out I'm off work today ... o well , I'm going home and back to bed . wish I had known sooner so we could have spent an extra night in p'cola . It happens ... 
is once again debating on continuing his education past a bachelors degree and staying to get a masters .... oh decisions , decisions ... 
is glad to be off work :) 
is bored out of his mind right now .... :( 
can't stop thinking about his dream house ... 
had fun last night hanging out on the other side of the bay with his wonderful gf and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is making bread from scratch . please pray for me :) 
its done and delicious ! 
its too early ... 
this was not in the five year plan ... 
just woke up from a nightmare about being a bad server . wtf is going on ? 
My greatest fear is mediocrity ! 
went to mass for the first time in over a year this morning ... and it felt good :) 
loves his new haircut !! 
I'm at < PROPMALE > house 
can't believe school is starting on monday !! 
I'm at Mcob 
is not enthused about this rain today . :( 
is trashed 
is having a hard time talking about himself ... 
does not understand why he's up this early on saturday morning ... 
had a good day attempting to sail ... 
got all the laundry put away today ... now I feel I have really acomplished something ! 
THANKS ALL OF FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !! Y'ALL REALLY MADE IT SPEACIAL FOR ME !! THANKS !! LOVE Y'ALL! 
OMFG ! 
is not having the best day of his life ... work was a catastrophe ... ready to go to bed and wait for tomorrow tp be here so I can go sailing ! 
is apparently the new roadside assistant ... 
can i become a hermit yet ? 
hates being lied to ... 
is LOVIN ' this weather ! 
is up late studying for an exam :( 
just woke from a horribly terrifying dream ... :( 
' s back really hurts ! 
FML ! 
how/why am I awake this early ?! 
why can't life just be simple ?? 
is having a very good day ! :D 
for some reason my tex service is messed up and I'm not getting my messages :( 
do anyone know where to find the video footage of Jesus from friday at school ? 
rain ! rain ! the rain is here ! LOL 
is now going to put all his energy into getting out of bed ... ugh ... 
is nervously waiting to hear about the offer he put in on a house ... 
IS BUYING A HOUSE !!! :D 
put a question in my inbox and I'll post the answer to it as my status :) 
it is quite fuzzy ... NEXT question please :) \send a question to my inbox and I'll post the answer in my status \"" 
A : yes I do and I think u will :) ... NEXT ! 
A : yes u are and I'm pretty sure you already know the answer to the rest of that ... NEXT ! 
is getting stuff done :) 
TGIF !!! 
watch this ... < PROPFEMALE > is gonna like this ! 
is hungry :( 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
ugh ! 
is enjoying his clean apartment ! :D 
is not enjoying this weather right now :( 
is ready for this semester to be over ! 
smacked the s *** out of his finger today @ work 
want's to have people over saturday night ! who's coming ? \ 
:D 
if today you found out you only had until monday to live , and there was nothing you could do about it , what would you do or who would you spend your time with ? 
can't sleep and prays it is not because there is something wrong with anyone I care about . So I wish all of you the best of luck and I pray , that everyone is ok ! 
What do u think about me getting a tattoo similar to my new album \Tattoo Ideas \"?" 
is exhausted :( 
want's someone to come cuddle on the couch and watch a movie ... 
had an amazing time out on the town with < PROPMALE > !! next week will be even better !! :) 
really enjoyed hanging with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Helton , < PROPFEMALE > , and everyone else last night at Mikatos and hanging out at the apartment :) 
I'll take my scotch and my women the same way ... aged at least 18 years . 
has fridayitis :( 
When seconds count between living or dying , the police are only minutes away . \ - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cleave ( October 30 
\But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you ... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun . \ " \ 
\A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them 
The 2nd amendment was never intended to allow private citizens to\ 
' keep and bear arms . ’ If it had , there would have been wording such as\ 
' the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . ’ \ 
< PROPMALE > Konecki , July 27 , 1992 ) ( note : this is meant to be sarcastic ) 
its just one of those nights 
