i LIVE in nc !! right near < PROPFEMALE > ! 

Don't trust a ho , never trust a ho ... Won't trust a ho ' cause the ho won't trust me ( cousin's new favorite song ... I know all the words now ) 
just got my replacement driver's license in the mail !! I can go to bars again !! And start my job with Green Peace !! 
Penis is on my mind . Always . 
ready for something exciting to happen ... 
what if we all farted glitter ? 
Tigers love pepper . They hate cinnamon . 
everybody else's status is either some heart-wrenching philosophy on themselves or actually what they're doing . i thought this box was for glitter farts . 
thanks for all of the birthday love everybody !! 
2 1/2 hours to get home on the southern state ... there went my night :-/ 
pretend you're happy and slip into oblivion ... 
:) 
laundry , dishes , then beach and bp !! i love taking the day off when i'm not supposed to !! 
lalala ... 
at the end of our rope is a tire swing :-) 
yea , my job pays me to go camping ... and i'll probably makes some bonus ... NEWPALTZ TOMORROW !! 
so , camping was fun .... but now my legs are literally covered in bug bites and my sleeping bag is ruined . still totally worth it though . 
madlibs rock . and so does < PROPFIRST > jaisle . 
im an idiot .... uh duhhh 
and i smell like wet dog 
< PROPFEMALE > sucks . 
:-/ 
I LOVE < PROPFIRST > JAISLE HE IS THE GREATEST EVER OMGFGJFUDIVHUNLJERFNLSDFNOCI !!!!!!! 
back in ny 
flamingoes can only eat with their heads upside down . 
i wish that mafia wars money was real money . 
so i don't want to go to the store ... but turkey's my cat so i have to go 
the statue of < PROPFEMALE>'s finger is 8 feet long . 
driving to < PROPFEMALE > !! and i'm leaving now bc i'm supers smart ... 
the countdown begins ... i just realized 3 EFFING WEEKS until NC . time flies . 
i'm supposed to be getting ready for work , but i'm facebook stalking instead ... 
waiting for jaisle ... super boring ... 
there's so much snow !! i played in it , and i shoveled it , and i drank hot cocoa !! yay !! 
I'm moving to NC tomorrow !! Whoa ! 
moving to NC TODAY !! still whoa ! 
i have a job ! 
work work work ... 
debt means you had more fun than you were supposed to ... obviously 
skype just asked me if i wanted to have an affair with a married person ... how do i get my name off of that list ? 
peanut butter ... it fills the cracks in your heart . 
chillaxin ... 
weighing my options ... should i poop or wash dishes ? idk if i have time for both ... 
french toast is awesome !! so is eating breakfast at 3 o'clock!! 
off to find dinner ... peanut butter apple perhaps ? 
you can pick your friends , and you can pick your nose , and you can totally pick your friend's nose . trust me . 
taxes are dumb . 
P is for Panda Peeing and Pooping 
3 days is not enough ... 
Jaisle's at work ... now what do i do ?? 
super duper sleepy time . and i'm totally proud i made it to 10 :-) yup , im officially a dork . possibly even a dweeb . 
WEEKEND !!! 
weekstart .... 
I JUST WON EXPERT MINESWEEPER !!! 
if how bored you were was measured by how many times you went on facebook a day , i would be considered very bored today . 
thinking about Office Space ... Somebody has a case of the Monday's! 
boorrreeedddd .... 
ONE MORE WEEK UNTIL I'M IN NY !! AAAHHH !!! 
rain , rain go away ... wait , i don't care . i'm stuck in an office . 
My company needs to stop binging so I can stop purging it . 
by this time tomorrow i will have been in ny for 11 hours ! 
I hate anybody that is sleeping right now . Even if they're in < PROPFEMALE > . 
the people sleeping in < PROPFEMALE > and i have reconciled our differences . they're not that bad after all . 
if i were to decapitate you right now , you would still be conscious for 20 seconds . Whoa ! 
the < PROPFEMALE > is moving away from the earth at a rate of 3.8 cm . per year !! aaaahhhhh !! 
dan\ 
jaisle is playing video games where he kills stuff . and now that we\ 
have the internet he can play it with other people that are strangers . \ 
and apparently , if he stops , he'll let EVERYBODY down . but i guess it's\ 
ok bc i can play bubble boom ... 
now < PROPFIRST > jaisle is looking 1508 movies on the playstation that we can rent and watch thanks to the internet . geez . robot holocaust . 
today I had the first of many 14 hour days ... but don't feel bad . I got paid $10 an hour to catch up on the office & 30 rock . That was my last 4 hours . 
great friends make me pee in my pants . 
How many of us know all our friends in our friends list ? Task for you . I want all my friends to post how you met me . When you're done , post this as your status . you'll be amazed to see what people have to say ! 
We spend 2 years of our lives talking about the weather . 
As bad as things get , they could always be worse . They could be < PROPMALE > . He's the worst . 
I'm literally falling asleep at my desk . 
are 2 mountain dews in an hour too much ? 
are we human ? or are we dancers ? 
I'm at the Pizza Hut . I'm at the Taco < PROPFEMALE > . I'm at th combination Pizza Hut & Taco < PROPFEMALE > !! 
if vodka was water and i was a duck , i'd swim to the bottom & never come up 
bored bored bored bored bored bored 
What's your name ? Who's your daddy ? Is he < PROPMALE > like me ... 
I WANT TO BE AT THE BEACH !!! stupid , air conditioned office . 
cleaning is sooo boooorrrriiinnngggg 
thank god for my best friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , or else I might feel like a total loser . but instead I feel like a badass . woot !! 
July is named for < PROPMALE > Caesar because he came up with our calendar system . His name is also attributed to the cesarian section ... but nobody really knows why . 
Z is for farts that smell like the zoooooo 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everybody ! I feel soooo special !! 
What happened to the dog poop from the 70's that turned white and disappeared ? 
It's been one year of being facebook official ! whoa ! 
you burn more calories sleeping than you do watching tv . also , for your legs to get as good of a workout as your eyes , you'd have to walk 50 < PROPMALE > a day . thank you 107.5 !! 
Soo .... I might be a weird cat lady .... but turkey is THE cutest cat in THE WORLD !! 
addicted to bejeweled blitz or whatever it is .... 
It's 3 and i've only done nothing today ... hmmm .... good ? 
it's so hot in my apartment i have chronic headaches ... although that might be my wisdom tooth coming in ... either way my brain hurts & my knee caps are sweating . 
I wish I was on The Office instead of in the office .... then I would be < PROPMALE > sleeping at my desk or doing a crossword puzzle . 
not in the office anymore , but still bored .... DAN JAISLE !!! 
Sometimes , I want someone else to copy my status word for word just to make me feel important . 
must .... shower .... so I ...... don't ..... stink ..... ( yea , that's me dying of my own stench ) 
just go ahead now . 
there are only two more days in the week .... phew .... this is a moment when looking at the glass half empty is a good thing . because the glass is the week . get it ? 
I guess you're just what I needed . I needed someone to feed . 
avoiding the plague like the plague . 
< PROPFIRST > Jaisle said the most racist thing i heard today .... 
Upside : I got out of work early bc of flooding . Downside : It's coming out of my vacation time and I have none . Also , it's flooding . 
My cousins are theeee cutest . They make me soooo happy . :-) 
i am on fb on my phone . WHOA ! 
nachel's wedding was super awesome . like ridiculous . 
Fairly Oddparents is super awesome 
I have a hunger in my belly ! but I'm going to write on fb about it instead of doing anything about it . 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
CHRISTMAS !!! 
i think of all the presents had , turkey is enjoying his the most - a freaking < PROPFEMALE > fountain ! he loves it . he literally smiled when he saw it . thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
FRIDAY !!! 
I want delicious food , but I don't know what !!! 
what's on my mind ? BURRITOS !!!! 
super busy holding a chair down .... 
i want to gym ... but turkey's asleep on me & everyone knows you can't disturb a sleeping cat ... i'll give him 2 more minutes & then my fat ass will move ... 
sooo sleepy .... 
ugh ... gym .... stupid promises to myself ... 
ugh .... dishes ..... dan needs to stop working so much so i can watch tv with him more & do less chores .... 
