my god , i do not want to take my grandmother to the store to buy her diapers . ugh ! 

mmmm . pina coladas ! soooo good . i love you coco lopez and banana rum . 
i cant wait for VEGAS !!!! 
never good enough . never even try . why do i let my life just pass me by ? 
Sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
Enrolled in school today ! yay ! 
FINALLY get to finish up my chest tattoo tomorrow ! YAY ! 
first day of school . so excited !!! 
i need 2 lemmings badly . willing to trade 
how the hell do i get these pots for the green house ? i have everythinhg else and cant seem to find them anywhere . 
Mimosa ALL day long . Sounds like a good mothers day to me . 
today was a nightmare . so glad its almost over . 
... and somehow i thought today would get better . 
Someone is starting thier TERRIBLE twos a little early . Ugh ! 
The countdown is on , 8 days till Vegas ! 
can anyone help me ? i need 1 prairie dog and 1malayan tapir to get past this level . ive been stuck for months now . PLEASE !!! 
drowning in schoolwork ... my son wont let me even look at it . looks like tonight will be an allnighter . :( 
3 days till VEGAS !!! 
taking care of my 2 year old son and 7 month old niece is not an easy task ! i dont think ill have another baby for a LONG time . 
is sad that i can NEVER go to bed with my man . my two year old will not get out of ours . the moment he wakes up in his crib he climbs out and just crawls right back into bed with us . that is if we both actually make it in there . this is a NIGHTMARE ! 
Well , i made it home from dropping off < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at the airport with only one illegal u-turn , crossing over a median luckily without popping my tires and not a single run in with the police . I'd say it was a successful trip ... but it was a close one . Glad to be home safe with my son . 
who wants to lend me $8000 to fix my teeth ? Pretty please . I cant believe i need 8 crowns , 7 fillings , 3 root canals , and an extraction . idk what the hell im gonna do ... 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question your friendship . This type of friend picks up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been , how far away they live & they don’t hold grudges . They understand that life's busy but that you'll always love them . Repost ... this if you're lucky to have at least one of these friends . 
I am so fed up with being a SLAVE to Urban Treatment !! 
The\ 
age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom \ 
doesnt really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesnt know anything . At \ 
16 : Mom doesnt exist . At 18 : Shes old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does \ 
know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , lets ask Mom . At 45 : I . wonder\ 
what Mom thinks about this ? At .. 75 : I wish I could ... ask my Mom about \ 
this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world . 
man it is rough being sick with a 2 year old boy runnin around . this sucks ! 
so many babies to meet , so little time ... 
on my way to stay in a free room in AC for me and my babes 1st anniversary . yay ! 
back to school today ... anatomy and cpr , yay ! 
i need to find a place to live by the end of december . if anyone has any info to help us out , please let me know . that would be sooo helpful ! 
off to get some more excruciating dental work . i am scared to death , but it will all be worth it in the end ... at least thats what i keep telling myself :/ 
is so happy that i'm just about done with my first trimester and that means no more constant morning sickness . YAY !!! 
warning ! do not make a right turn on red anywhere there may be a camera on the traffic lights . i got 2 tickets in the mail this week for this dumb bullshit . since when is a right on red considered failure to observe a traffic signal ? Grrrrrr ! 
feelin my little peanut movin around . thats the best feeling in the world ! 
getting new hair tomorrow ! so excited ! tryin to figure out how to get it cut ... what colors to dye .. decisions decisions . 
5 days till i find out if i have a girl or boy baby in my belly ! soooo anxious , i can't wait !! 
well it looks like im having another little boy . two sons ... crazy . 
