Is slightly amused that both her NWN(2 ) and her KotOR characters pick locks the same way . 

saw SPAtrafic on the way home from work . 
hates being sick , I think everyone in my family has had this already . 
thinks people can at least put the garbage in the trashbin , not under the beds and all over the room . 
< PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow night ! 
WOOT ! 
will have the phrase ' Stupid bird!' pop into her head whenever sombody mentions HPHBP . 
the cat doesn't like dogs . 
I work today . 
busy days . 
is fighting with the TOR webcomic , wants to read it but the computer disagrees . 
Sims deprivation sucks . :) 
Sims3 rocks ! 
is using her simpoints because should she ever need to she could redownload the stuff again ! 
Is going to her cousin's party tonight . See you there . 
damn headache . 
Her Sims can gladly get a prius now . 
thinks she knows what class she's going to try first when TOR comes out ! 
made eggs . 
... 
' ... Nice is different than good . ' 
< PROPMALE>'s done next week , at least season one is , and this fall season two starts up overseas . I guess my only thought is that I hope it stays on in the US for next summer or spring or whatever . 
has introduced < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFIRST > the Unicorn . 
Has found FMA Brotherhood and is glad to be watching it . 
is going to introduce my cousin to Knights of the Old Republic sometime ! ^^ 
got her netflix movie out before the mail came ! 
drove through clouds tonight . 
Is too damn excited and is scareing her little brother . HAHA ! I'm freaking out the cat too . 
Well I got into UND guys . Waiting for another letter though . 
GOT INTO MSUM ! Happiness ! 
So many things to do , orientation tomorrow , and that's just a start . Night guys ! 
has been coughing all day , hopeing it's nothing though ! 
Has six tickets to Holiday Pops tonight at 7:30 tonight . If anyone wants to go just give me a call at 741-5232 . 
the road goes ever on and on .... 
kindly asks the person who set the days onto half speed to hit play so life can go on as normal . 
< PROPFIRST > attacked the chicken , it preceded to turn red ... After he did that twice I toook the DS from him . Silly < PROPFIRST > . :) 
< PROPFIRST > attacked the chicken , it preceded to turn red ... After he did that twice I took the DS from him . Silly < PROPFIRST > . :) 
waits patiently ( well ... ) to find out who her roommate is . 
^.^ 
Has new glasses ! And got four shots today . 
Is it done snowing yet ? 
happy new year ! 
Thanks guy 
Doctor Who fans shield your eyes for Wilf hath knocked four times . ( figured I waited long enough I mean the show was on Saturday . ) 
Dragon Age reminds me of Never Winter Nights , which in turn reminds me of KotOR and how TOR isn't out yet .... At least I was able to shout Carth at the screen ! 
\Mif\ " has been the word of the weekend for me . " 
is done with class for the weekend , everything went well and I met another new person and together we met more people . YAY . 
GAH ! snow day .... and not having a computer lab nearby in the dorm that doesn't need a key to be checked out to use ! 
watching the 10th Doctor regenerate still makes me cry !!!!!!!!! 
My Friday class ot cancled , so my weekend started early ! 
Has the urge to listen to < PROPMALE > Miserables . Maybe not the whole thing , but pieces of it . 
Happily spassed about kotor charecters with expo marker this morning and then found out that my first class was cancled and then spent the next hour in the computer lab . 
Scorchcon this weekend ! Yay . 
has Re : Your Brains stuck in her head because of the pentapus episode of Avatar . 
is home for break ! 
has short hair again ! HAHA ! 
wants to listen to [ Title of Show ] it's been on my mind for a while now . And my phone is so Title of Show . 
Who has my Origins : Spirits of the Past ? 
There shouldn't be a Twilight graphic novel . Just ..... no . 
^^ 
made use of her student status in the FM area and went to Tewlfth Night . She now has a favorite Shakespeare play ! 
' Oh the sun will rise and the < PROPFEMALE > will set and you learn how to settle for what you get . It'll all go on wheather we're here or not . So who cares ? So what ? Who cares ? So What ? ' Cabaret <3 <3 It's in my head might as well listen to it . 
Going home tomorrow morning if nothing changes . 
ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh ujh 
is waiting for her registration window to open . 
is listening to praire home companion . 
damn writers block ! 
enjoyed coffee for the first time today . Granted it had creamer and sugar in it , but it was good ! 
For those at Detour : Have fun ! For those who wish we were there too : There's next year . For those who are wondering what I'm talking about : don't worry about it . 
Headig back to Moorhead in a few . 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
The scilence before the storm isn't scary . It's the wait , the lone bird chirping , and then the first drop . ^^ 
Will not be able to watch Laybranth without going , \What the hell < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? is this where you got the idea for Jar Jar ? \ " Oh and I watched Avatar ( blue people one ) for the first time . eh .... " 
Speech and Math Finals tommorow . Blarg . 
Speech Final done with , and Math one at three .................. 
No finals today , but time to start packing and such . 
\Stop the world . I want to get on ! \"" 
happy mother's day ! 
A pistol's job is what its handler chooses . If i don't wanna shoot , then I won't . - Saya Black Cat 
Has to ( re)sweep and mop her floor and then she's ready for check out . But when that's going to happen is a question that I cannot answer . Today ? Tomorrow ? Her stuff leaves today , she leave today , but if it cannot fit in Mor-mor's car she'll be back to check out tommorow . 
Hey I left my charger for my phone in my room at school , from now to about noonish tomorrow my phone's off . 
Has decided that she doesn't like Kaviar . 
After a long day , I am home for the summer . 
back to < PROPMALE>'s tommorow , first time working there in five months . 
cashiering is just like riding a bike , you don't forget it , but your feet do . 
provided the news with a biciclyist for their talk of needing more bike rakes downtown . ;; But I really don't want my bike conected to a tree , a lamp , a garbage can , or anything else downtown , so I guess it works . ;; 
went to one acts tonight ! Good job guys ! And it was nice to be in the Red River Theatre . 
Work was ... interesting . My last coustomer left a bunch of returns and walked out without an avocado . I ran after him with the avocado and came bak into < PROPMALE>'s with two twelve packs of Dr. Pepper - that he had left on the bottom of the cart and I didn't see because my foot cam was dead . Yeah ... interesting . 
played pacman on the google home < PROPFEMALE > . 
wonders why you can fill a body full of lead and it still pops up as a zombie in Reident Evil the Darkside Chronicals . Yay for unlimited ammo ! 
Well I'm going to go downstairs , watch and episode of Bones and then fall asleep . 
was reminded that her muses are nocturnal early this morning . 
Happieness is finishing a good book , Peace is knowing you have another one to start . A bad day is when you left your book somewhere other than where you are . 
Didn't make it to any ones's Graduation party . So to all those who sat at the Alerus Center for a couple of hours today CONGRATS ! Now move forward with your life . 
Has to catch up with < PROPMALE > season 2 Lady of the Lake episode this Friday . 
Introduced < PROPFEMALE > to Rugrats and < PROPFIRST > to Invader Zim yesterday . 
Why are their speed limits on the bike path ? If there was a limit on how fast I could go on my bike in one section shouldn't the be a limit on the bike path across the street ? 
< PROPFIRST > Freestone . You will be missed , you just turned 21 , you had your life ahead of you . RIP . 
Yesterday was a long day . Now I don't mean a bad long day , it's just it was pleasently long . If that makes any sense what so ever . 
Has started watching < PROPFEMALE > - my goal now is to get through those seasons , because normally I get to about 3 and then trail off ... I have decided that I'm not going to watch Teacher's Pet . I've seen that episode to many times . 
my little brother has a level thirty-one magicarp . After he said that , I asked \Why ? \"" 
is happy to have a day off tomorrow . The other half of my weekend . And Saturday and Sunday it's time to wake up at 5 !!!!! 
Yesterday was too hot , and now we have rain again ..... and it's still suppose to be hot outside . Eighty-three degrees .... 
is going to have to take our Wii Fit game disc to Rock 30 to have it buffed to see if that makes any difference in the difficult factor . 
HEY 
Hey guys I don't have all of your < PROPFIRST > so if you are at all affected by these storms please tell me you're all right . 
So third summer in a row that there has been a tornado in or around the Grand Forks area . Hmmm . 
Facebook is acting up hmm .... I will try later . 
Work . One word , and eight hours of talking to people while standing . hmmm .... okay . That's allright . 
MMMMMMMMMMmmmmm ..... First raspberrires from the bush ! 
There are times with my little siblings , where I want to despretly have a video camera or even a digital camera ( vs my phone with no video what-so-ever ) and post it on youtube . 
\Chicken Chaser ? Do you < PROPMALE > chickens ? \"" 
Had ' There is Life Outside Your Apartment ' stuck in her head or the better part of work today . 
Happy blow-stuff-up-day ! 
Has had a relitivly interesting day so far . I opened at work . I got to kick our ice cooler to get ice off of it so the door would stay shut . and all in all the eight hours of work went by fast . Now to be draged to a park by my sister . And later to down town to watch fireworks ..... because Independence day gives us an excuse to be pyromaniacs . 
Going to the library tomorrow sometime .... only fourteen pages left in this book . Aside from getting the second book in this series , I am thinking < PROPFIRST > Pratchet . Any sugestions ? 
May have to use ' clot-pole ' as an insult sometime . :) Gotta love < PROPMALE > . haha . 
headaaches .... AHHHHHHHHHHHH . 
Snobby girls come from New York . Sweet girls come from Alabama , but we \ 
North < PROPFEMALE > girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four \ 
wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a left hook , and drink with the \ 
boys .... and if we have an opinion , you know you're going to hear it . \ 
Re-post if you're a true North < PROPFEMALE > girl ! 
is going to talk to people for seven hours today , some of them she will have seen before , others not so much . Some will be normal - if there is such a thing - and others will be like that guy the other night who ripped a carton of eggs in half because he only wanted a half dozen . 
And now , after what seemed like a looooooooooooooooooong day , I go to sleep . 
Took a long bike ride today . 
Is pretty sure hat she got sunburned yesterday on that bike ride .... it's ichy . 
is off to work in a bit . 
Has started reading The Last Wish . So far I like . 
Now to mash two veerrry different games : Sodding Lally Ho ! 
no more almost mullet . 
mfffff 
Lally ho ! 
\Die Ritter ist ein Pferd und die\ 
Off to suck it up and replay a couple hours of game time . Because someone forgot how nice it is to have more than eight medpacs to help you find the starmap for the starforge . Goddamnit Revan ! 
I think < PROPMALE > would go insane without his treats . 
PASTA ! ....... For lunch ...... 
Name that song ! \I fly a Starship across the universe divide ..... \"" 
Time to go speak at people who are up early to go to work or have just gotten off , oh and it's an eighteen hour sale so there's going to be a lot of people there . But then at eleven we probably will have six cashiers with only five customers in the store , or we will be short and the people will have to wait in long lines . Parents come home today , and I'm going for a bike ride . 
drama .... follows you everywhere . 
< PROPFEMALE > stayed home from camp today , so I am going to take her to Cox park , before we get any t-storm action up here . 
and her little sister < PROPFEMALE > helped a baby bird escape the confines of our sunroom and to the great outdoors 
Three more books added to those I need for class . Good times .... 
Started watching Noein today .... Now I want to watch Wiess Kreuz and Scryed , and maybe some Witch < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ..... ah well . 
is going to be hanging out with friends one last time before I disappear to that great unknown called Moorhead . :P 
can see .... somehow my glasses ended up in the laundry . 
is disappearing tomorrow and going to my grandma's . 
is at her grandma's , tommorow I find my stuff . 
has a < PROPFEMALE > , my black , four legged friend with six toes on one paw . 
I should get up and go downstairs and finnish that thing called packing . 
-.- packing's almost done , thankfully most of it is in the car . Don't know when I'll be in Moorhead , but I'll be there sometime tomorrow . 
One more night at Mor-mor's , and then I will officially be in Moorhead . 
has her bike ! Thanks mom and < PROPFEMALE > ! And I'm all settled in . 
is off to class one out of two today . 
And so the week is over , basically . 
Yay ! it'll cool down soon ! 
It is colder outside than it's been all my time down here and now we cannot have the window open . 
Is registered to vote . 
Before I walked to school on this day nine years ago , I was watching the news and saw the first bit of the terrorist attacks . Truely I didn't think anything of it , I was in fifth grade and had a lot going on at the time , choir was starting up and I might have just gotten my < PROPFEMALE > . Mrs. Dregge did turn on the tv latter that day . 
feels wonderful ! I have a headache , chills , ect . 
Now I want to watch Doctor Who , doesn't matter which one because it's generally the same character , although seeing the episodes that I haven't seen ( like most things before the ninth doctor , and two episodes of the first < PROPMALE > Smith season ) . 
Is ready for it to be next week , or the end of this week . 
Is going to get * cringe * cough syrup , because they are actually starting to hurt . 
Is looking for Stardust . :) 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on\ 
Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish isthat \ 
people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The \ 
Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil \ 
... Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste \ 
this . Will YOU make this your status for at least 1 hour ? 
Fell down stairs last night , walked it off ( seriously I'm fine I can laugh at it ) , and didn't waking up this morning , in fact a nap sound wonderful . YAY tech week . 
So that nap yesterday .... the side effect was waking up at 5:30 .... Well good practice for Thursday . >.> 
is pretty sure two and a half hours of sleep is less than what my body needs , but it's worth talking to friends until two so I can roll out of bed ten to five and be a spot op before going back to being a student . I'll take a nap later though . 
< PROPMALE > Horror opens tonight ! Come if you can . 
2/8 shows done ! 
I know I got sleep last night so why am I still tired ? 
So much for back-up spots .... I can go on in this rant , but really I'd rather not . 
hmmm .... now I really want to watch/listen to < PROPMALE > Mis .... 
How do I attack on Silent Hill !? 
Hoth has volcanic activity ..... 
Tired . But Laundry . ugh . To Newgrounds . 
* collapse * The < PROPMALE > Horror Show was amazing . If you didn't get down here to see it I am truly sorry , because you missed a good show with a wonderful cast . 
We must\ 
not say every mistake is a foolish one . - Cicero 
I like it in my dorm room on my floor . 
Where did this week go ? 
Just described Kise pizza to her little brother , he agrees that it's gross . 
Well , power out at work , a squirl taking out power out ( and most likely his life ) here , and I'm waiting for my ride . 
is back in Moorhead . 
I can see my breath , no snow yet . Mor-mor you better get that cat to the doctor before it snows .... 
SNOW ! 
My\ 
Grandma made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me \ 
succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on , kept me going strong . Grandmas are a\ 
promise from God that you will have a friend ... forever ! Put this on \ 
your status if you love your Grandma , whether she's here with you or in \ 
Heaven 
put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \ 
killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during \ 
The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters \ 
continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the \ 
... terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . \ 
Repost to show your support for Dumbledore's Army . 
is watching Pitbulls and Parolees with < PROPFIRST > . 
\Industrialization has crippled the globe \ 
\\ 
My phone dies at the most unopertunic times . 
Snow's here . Just thought you should know . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
How did I volenteer to make pie and two two dozen batches of muffens ? By the way , the crust on the pie didn't make it , it kinda looks like charcoal .... 
Note : cat on keyboard of a laptop does not work . 
Today in astronomy my teacher was talking about asteroids and pulled up a Empire Strikes Back clip . The sound wasn't working so he narrated it , he got to Chewie's growl and the class all laughed , and then he didn't remember the rest . 
I bet Teaberry's closed . 
Is kinda sort of having a Disney movie marathon with my little brother . 
Is listening to the Tron Legacy soundtrack with the siblings . 
Starting a new book ! 
Is signed up for classes ! YAY ! 
\Mesa a prairie dog ! \"" 
Thank you for all of the birthday wishes ! 
Today ... yep today .... I shall round up loose ends pack them in a clean laundry bag , pack a car , and be back down in Moorhead .... YAY . 
time to unpack .... I have monopoly guys . 
Let's no slip today okay guys ? 
\My dress ! My dress ! My Fancy I don't know why I'm wearing it I must confess My dress ! My dress ! I love my dress Would someone tell me why I put it on ? \ " I fell back in love with a musical last night ! " 
I am sorry I made everyone worry , my phone was mia for a bit . 
People do not die for us immediately , but remain bathed in a sort of < PROPFEMALE > of life which bears no relation to true immortality but through which they continue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive . It is as though they were traveling abroad . ~ Marcel Proust \ 
RIP Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
What goes around comes around , just like a flip turn . ~ Author Unknown 
Apple tea <3 
Is exhausted after this weekend , well I'm going to bed , good night all . 
Stuck in Grand Forks with a dead cell phone . 
