Thats pretty cool . I think i am going to study photography , world history , and buisness . 

ugh facebook confuses me often :/ 
T-U-R-T-L-E Power . Turtle Power ! 
lets all go to disco heaven !! 
fuckin red hair dye ! Ugh why wont you let me have the red hair i want !!! 
In love <3 
Bon Fire at the house tonight . Woo hoo roasted marshmellow , music , and a few drinks with good friends and my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Effing mosquitoes man !! 
I'm like powdered sugar . 
I want a crabcake really bad right now . 
Sweet got a ride to work ! Car is broken :( 
Ugh . I'm sick of looking forward to nothing pretty much . 
Bon fire at the house . I got smores stuff too :) 
Fireworks and music tonight . 
Yes , I'll admit That I'm a fool for you . Because your mine , I walk the line . 
Guys are so lame !! 
All we are saying is give peace a < PROPMALE > . 
Your only a 757 kid when your from the other side of the water meaning Va bch , Ches , norfolk , that general area to about suffolk . 
uuggghh people are annoying !! 
I wish that you were my lollipop Sweet things , I will never get enough If you show me to the sugar tree Will you give me a sodapop for free 
Carnival tonight . Bon fire friday !! 
Tired . About to go to work . It's way to early in the morning . Need more sleep . 
Can't wait for the bon fire party on friday at our house !! 
Party , Party , Party Tonight !!! I cant wait . After this looonnng week vodka is well earned and needed . 
Stressed . 
Remember who you really are . 
nothing to do on the eastern shore ... 
Ugghh . Im so bored . THeres nothing to do lol 
Bon fire at the house tonight !!! 
All the world's a stage . 
i knew you would do this . 
I'm the problem that can't be solved . 
If one mans see something that isn't there , we call him delusional . But if many people see it , we call it a religion - R . Dawkins 
When did I realize I was God ? Well , I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself 
When did I realize I was God ? Well , I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself . If one mans see something that isn't there , we call him delusional . But if many people see it , we call it a religion - R . Dawkins 
No one sleeps when i am awake . 
Yea since middle school . I have been great , i start school next semester . I moved to the easternshore . I also have twin boys now . I know crazy but they are awesome . So what are you going to school for ? 
They don't love you like I love you . 
partying . Not really feeling up to it though . 
If god takes life he's an indian giver . 
Regrets are a lesson not learned . 
Some fucking people .. 
Sometimes it's good to have fake people in this world . It helps you find out who your real friends and family are . 
People who care don't matter . People who matter don't care . 
The only sovereign you can allow to rule you is reason . 
Only the strong succeed 
Cry freedom , cry from deep inside where we all are confined . 
Thinking about getting bangs again ... 
is debating whether she could really start playing morrowind and stop in 30 mins to go to bed ... 
men are fucking retarded !!!!!!!!! 
I should be sleeping ! 
sick :( but chillin with one of my vb friends that now lives over here :) 
so effin bored . Off work bc im sick :( 
tired . bored . hate the shore . 
Party tonight !! 
What a great day . I love my Will <3 
<3 
Thinking ..... but nothing makes sense anymore . What happened with the good old days ? 
New tat !! Pics soon . 
I dont care what anyone says i love obama ! 
Girls are so annoying . 
Whats going on tonight .. 
bored . tired . i should prolli get to bed . 
I hate what i can't have , so i hate you . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
Going to ninja school . Whos with me ? 
Trainwreck , that I am . And I am what I am what I am . What I am , a trainwreck 
I started something i couldnt finish . 
Damn < PROPFEMALE > Murphy is dead . That saddens me :( 
Ran out of wrapping paper before i was finished . 
I havent seen my friends since last year :( 
Watch me fall like New York in an earthquake . 
Find me something true that is in tact . 
I think its time for me too put up some new pics ... Damn so much work . 
FML 
I'm already looking up this years halloween costume ... what is wrong with me ? 
bad ass bitch , im rated x , im gifted , aint gotta sell sex . 
All i wanna do is partyy n bullshitt . 
Had the worst nightmare everrrr !!!! 
I wish i could be something other than worthless . 
Everything good is happening somewhere else . 
I am heaven sent , Don't you dare forget . 
You become a reflection of the people you knew best , and with whom you've shared your life . 
I want to go to the beachhh !!! Its so nice outsidee . 
I need milk ! 
Whats with people these days ? I'm beginning to hate more people than i like , and i dont like it . 
It hurts to be this good . 
I'm sorta kinda gay for Mere . 
People+problems get old buttt alcohol doesntt 
I will lie awake , Lie for fun and fake the way I hold you , Let you fall for every empty word I say . You're using all your looks that you've thrown from the start , If you let me have my way I swear I'll tear you apart . 
I just never give a shit . 
drunkkkkkkk <3 
I will lie awake , Lie for fun and fake the way I hold you , Let you fall for every empty word I say . 
I'm a girl with an appetite , so i might just devour your heart . 
I'm so tired of caring about friends that dont do the same back . 
I think i am going to cut my hair . 
Oh it hurts to be this good . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > coke <3 
I hate money and what it does to people . 
cigarettes 
Working on booking some new photoshoots !!! < PROPFEMALE > excited !! 
Nothing seems to break the walls down . 
Interview tomorrow for the new < PROPFEMALE > in Exmore !!!! 
I should be sleeping right now so i can be rested for that job interview but the internet is so addicting 
I have to keep reminding my self that i can't fix everything , sometimes things are just beyond fixing . 
words to live by ..... smack it with the hammer 
what ever happened to alien ant farm ? 
Because I'm from Va Beachhh babyyyyy <3 
heading home to vb !!!!!!!!!! 
2nd interview at the < PROPFEMALE > in exmore today . So sleepy though . 
Is freakin bored !!!! 
PARTYINNNNNN TONIGHTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hit me up and i'll tell you where its attt . 
Take your shoes off your teeth and stop running your mouth . 
Too sick to party :( 
work again today . Worked for a straight week now . < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
so sleepy and finally a day off :) 
We can breathe in space , they just don't want us to escape . 
It's all ending . I gotta stop pretending who we are ... \ 
\ 
You and me I can see us dying ... are we ? 
Needs a ride to work ... and possibly a babysitter :/ i would only need a baby sitter for like an hour though . jeez this sucks . 
Done with this . Have no idea where it all went . FML . 
Some ppl 
I can't believe this shit . 
Got on to suicide girls today :D all i need is a photoset and ill be on the site . 
with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > itsa party fuck hoez :) 
Oh how i love change . I'm gunna do me from now on . Thanks to my friends that didnt have my back when i was in doubt it helped me find my self . So i am back bitches ! I missed me . 
The beach was awesome today ! I still hate jellyfish . 
I'm just a girl , living in captivity . 
drunkkkk ... burnt my mouth on a bratwurst :( 
Spiteful words can hurt your feelings but silence breaks your heart . 
i wish i could hate you . Sometimes i pretend i do . 
I hate mosqitos ! 
New book featuring the main characters in my all time fav book/book series coming in 2011 . < PROPFIRST > and Kahlan from the sword of truth series ! Supposed to be 3 books in his new deal with tor . Yay ! 
My heart feels like its going to throw up :( 
Going to work at 3 . reaally hope my asthma stops fucking with me . I like air . 
I'm a mountain that has been moved , I'm a river that is all dried up , I'm an ocean nothing floats on , I'm a sky that nothing wants to fly in , I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > that never shows its face , I'm a mouth that doesn't smile , I'm a word that no one ever wants to say ... 
goodbye house . goodbye old life . goodbye will . goodbye sanity . 
i wish i didnt feel like i have to throw up constantly . and i am so sick of people talking about what they have no clue about , shut your mouths you have no idea about what went on . 
mmmm < PROPFEMALE > vodka !!! C'mon guys how long did you think i'd let it get me down . 
It's 4th of julyy time for fireworks anddd parties !!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
Best fourth of july weekend ever in the world !!! 
Bout to eat some spicy chicken wings :D Just got soul caliber 4 , it's awesome !!!!! I cant stop playing it though ... uhh oh . 
Yeah , I'm feeling good tonight , finally doing me and it feels so right , Time to do the things I like , going to the club everything's alright . I'M RIDIN SOLO ! 
I must be pretty awesome , you have had something to prove to me since 9th grade . I think its time to move on . 
I think i am broken . 
Finally its friday ! Can't wait for tonight ! 
Things seem to be looking up :) Doing things on my own feels good . In about a month everything will be right on track :D 
Movies tomorrow ! Can't wait ! 
< PROPFEMALE > vodka+Coke cola+Friends = A good time 
Long night . Chillin with my peeps . 
It's one of those nights . 
I can't wait for the cupcake marathon !!!! 
i hope you come down with something they cant diagnose , don't have the cure for . 
I havent gone to sleep yet bc i have been staying up to make sure i could call my work right when they opened they have been opened for awhile now but no one is answerin . wtf . i want to go to sleep ! < PROPMALE > mathews is tonight ! :D 
Cupcake marathon tomorrow ! 
Stevuns the biggest ladies man ever in the world of all time ! 
You are one worthless fuck . You are a fake . Everyone will find out . 
It takes just as much energy to hate someone as it does to love someone . 
Oct 16th there is a zombie walk in vb ! i know its still early but i can't wait for that shit !! 
a man is like a deck of playing cards . You need a heart to love him with , a < PROPFEMALE > to marry him , a club to smash his head in , and a spade to bury his ass . <3 
Vip passes to < PROPMALE > zombie korn and lamb of god tomorrow ! haha bitches !! 
You're so cute ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Mcgee has had Will Smith erased from her memory . Please never mention their relationship to her again . Thank you . 
The end of a extremely shitty day . Hoping for the best tomorrow though . 
The W should be called double V . just sayin . 
Oh the entertainment ;) 
As long as the wrong feels right .. 
I'm liking this :D 
Got the key in my hand :D 
Life is great 
< PROPFEMALE > bar opened tonight ! Budweiser is promoting the opening of the bar by buying free beers for everone . Be there tonight for free beer !!! 
Finally its friday ! and i am off work :D hopefully soon i will be VB bound for good , fingers crossed !! 
sleepy :/ 
really cannot stand the ppl that make the schedule at my work , i'd like be able to spend a little time with my kids every once in awhile without getting shit for it . i hate split shifts . 
ugh back to work at 4:30 :( early bedtime tonight for sure then back at it again tomorrow . I hate double shifts . 
Going to VB today to chill with my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > AngelLove cant wait to see you boo ! 
back blonde thanks to my mama #2 Gerta Huffman Love ya ! 
RIP Dad , Cant believe its been this long . 
It really saddens me that there are ppl in this world that can be so selfish and hateful . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still ... fighting . ? \ 
for you < PROPFIRST > <3 
i cant figure out why i m seeing everything all blury . 
someone bring me some Hardees PLEASE !! 
Really < PROPMALE > feel like going to work today . 
ughh exhausted already . The boys had alot of fun last night though . 
Today i realized that the girl i used to pretend and imagine to be when i was little , the one that was successful in love , career , and in friendship i am only a few steps away from . I am almost staring right at her I have 2 out of 3 down and i start school next year and then thats 3 out of 3 . I am less than a year away of everything i ever dreamed of having and more . Yay me ! 
Ugh 3 hours at the community college today for some ged tests , now i get to go back the 19th for more :/ Then again on the 3rd but after that i am done and off to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > :D 
It doesnt feel like its been 2 yrs since i have seen my best friend . I miss and love you < PROPFIRST > . Wish you were here . RIP babe i <3 ya ! 
Wtf 
I wish i was sleeping 
i want some mexican food . Badly . 
Although im glad to be making some money today , i still really dont feel like working at that place today ughhh . 
Okay i know what i need now . Crabcakes ... fried crabcakes . There you go Summer < PROPMALE > todays craving lol . 
ugh sleepy . may or may not have a bon fire tonight ... still thinking about it . 
Okay i have decided no bonfire tonight possibly tomorrow i have new plans for tonight :D 
My feet are so cold i think they might fall off . I have a feeling tonight is going to be shit even though it had such great potential . 
FML ! 
This is me I love myself , yea fuck everyone else . I dont need nobodies help cuz this is love 2012 . 
So maybe im a masochist . This explains everything . 
I'd be really thankful for a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > vodka right about now . 
Hates this place . With a passion . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > . Wish we could celebrate it with you . 
Is it friday yet ? 
Whats going on , Im ready to go out tonight ... 
UGHHHHHH 
When does it end . 
Tonight where ever i end up im getting drunk . Its been too long . 
bed time . 
Is going out tonight !! Its well needed !!! 
YAY comp is working ! 
You MUST be retarded . 
My insides are all twisted :( 
Im effing starving ! somebody come feed me !! PLEASE ! 
UGHHHH frustrated ! 
\What are we going to do today ? \ " \ " Same thing we do everyday Katie . \ " \ " Try to take over the world ? \ " \ " What ? No . \ " \ " Oh . :( \"" 
Who wants to give me a ride to the store ? 
Fight night round 3 <3 
My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me . So won't you kill me ? So I die happy . My heart is yours to fill or burst , to break or bury , or wear as jewelry . \ 
Whichever you prefer . 
Had a really bad day yesturday hope it doesnt repeat itself today . :( 
ughh sick :( 
Hey dmv .. Fuck You ! 
Im tired of not having a full time job . This shit is getting old . 
Go tell all your friends that this is the end . 
You can't stain us , you can't contain us , You can't destabilise , define or label us . 
Corrupted fucking tyrants , instigating violence , This sporadic discordance will find maximum assurance . 
We can breathe in space , they just dont want us to escape . 
joined twitter ... im confused . 
I'm officially annoyed now . Yay . 
Upset . Need to get out of the house and be with my friends :( 
Seriously everytime i think this week cant get any worse it gets 10 times worse . Fuck everyone right now ! Im tired of fake ass people . 
I guess it could be worse .. or wait could it ? 
Youre gunna need a bodybag , I'll break bones you didnt know you had . 
You want to see me disappear ? Well so do I ... so do I 
Soooo over it . 
:D ohhh man . What to do what to do . 
Send me < PROPFIRST > so i cant put them on my new phone !! Which will be working tomorrow hopefully !! :D 
Yea im okay :D 
Dear hangover , Do you mind please going away ... pretty please ? 
Start wearing purple , wearing purple . Start wearing purple for me know . All your sanity and wits they will all vanish i promise its just a matter of time . 
WTF happened last night ? Jesus . Note to self playing kings with mixed drinks is okay for a little while until all the rules are made and youre chugging every other card hahaha . recovery mode for a few hours then ill crack this tilt :) 
When i grow up .. I wanna be a ninja 
im skinny bc im lazy ... yea it makes sense if you think about it . 
Whipped cream vodka night number 2 ! 
Party Tonight !!! 
Take me to the hospital . 
I need an aquarius or libra to keep . 
Bout to go get some milk :) yay ! choclate milk time ! 
This baby's got a temper . 
Has got to get back to vb ! 
You feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight . 
I'm officially closing this past chapter in my life . It hurts so much to do so but its for the best . i just wish things had gone the other way . 
Stop\\n RidinSolo 
never looking back . time to move forward . \\n RidinSolo 
Job hunting . Having too much fun though . 
God fuckin damnit shit ass grrrrr a drink got spilled on my phone . its not working right now . i want to cry !! 
There is no living creature as foul as I . 
With nobody in your bed the nights hard to get through . 
Your worst brought out the best in me . 
I dont give a fuckkk i was drunkkkk !!! 
i dont give a fuckkk i was drunkkk !! 
Strept throat :( this is gay 
Fml for reals 
Dont give a fuckkkkkkk . Happiness is what matters . 
Monday couldnt come any sooner . Wish i could make it though . Cant waittttt !!! 
Life is great <3 Couldnt be happier . 
This place about to blow ! 
God i love that man . 
To live doesnt mean youre alive . 
What an eventful day . Ready to relax ! 
Feels so good being bad . There's no way im turning back . 
VW GTI-R =<3 
You know what ... Fuck it .. I know what im doing . 
Getting everything ready to move , Here i come Tennessee ! 
Happiness is a moment in time when you forget the pain youve gone through in life and stop dwelling on things that worry you . 
What is the definition of a true friend ? 
Nothing like some early morning soul searching . But im starting to think my heads about to burst . 
Everyday i look at the clock at exactly 3oh ! 3 :) 
All my life ive been good but now i figure what the hell 
Life is good :D 
Everything i do is wrong , but god i do it right . 
Go into Yuks tonight to train from 5-10 Excited .. and a little scared hope it goes well :D 
So if you want to be with me\ 
With these things there’s no telling\ 
We just have to wait and see\ 
But I’d rather be working for a paycheck\ 
Than waiting to win the lottery\ 
Besides maybe this time is different\ 
I mean I really think you like me 
What goods an acknowledgement , it still dont change things . 
Cant stop listening to conor oberst 
I just love me some unintelligent females . 
lol the kettle just called the pot black . like i said unintelligent females that have no idea what they are talking about . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > always knows how to have fun . 
Work tonight at 4 :) love it there ! Then again tomorrow at 4 stoked on these hrs im getting ! Everyone should come eat/drink at yuks and see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If I died tonight I would die 100% genuinely happy . Life has never been this great . My family is doing great . I have my best friend back . I have two beautiful boys and a good job to support them , an amazing boyfriend . Ive never been this happy ! 
Work tonight . And its wing night so i hope the place gets packed !!! 
Everyone needs to come eat and drink at yuks tonight so i have some company i want the place packed < PROPFEMALE > help me out please ! 
Yay ! Got my license back finally !!!! Now i can actually drive :D 
Workk tonight . Wing Night though so it will be fun :D 
Work tonight its going to be a fun night there then trying to get into something after that dont know what yet .. Hit me upp 
Cant shake this tired lazy feeling :/ 
On a Smashing Pumpkins kick . Im liking it though . 
Emptiness is loneliness , and loneliness is cleanliness , and cleanliness is godliness , and god is empty just like me . Intoxicated with the madness , I'm in love with my sadness . 
ughhh tequilla i thought you loved me :( 
