Enjoyin the last week's of summer vacation while it lasts !! Bwahahaha ! On to < PROPMALE > High everyone !! :D 

blowin my mind outta schoo ' work ... no fun ain't it ? 
doin school work is < PROPFEMALE > waste of brain cells for me .. 
Wow .. im so ready to either have the snow fly so i can start work or cya'll im headin ' down to So Cal !! 
Yeah this assembly rocked .. I was hooked oh yeah ! 
I karate chopped my best friends ' boyfriend in a hole because I'm sexy and I do what I want ! 
Goin so cwazy outta her mind that im gonna bleach mah hair now !! 
I think im losin mah mind peeps .... just went totally blonde ! ( without my hair fallin ' out , how cool is that ?! ) 
Hero's may fall but they never die 
is trying to stay warm in this frozen wasteland ... i think im suffocating ... -1 at the top of the ski hill ! Update to Washington peeps : Dec . 19 and 26 are Two can ski free nights ! So come freeze your ass's off ! Boo yah ! 
Ima jibbin off the snow rails now ... not the people . ( for now ) >:P 
dang thats a bummer ! but yeah i've been hittin the slopes up at our ski hill , skiing an boardin an teachin ... those snotty lil kids ya know ? Lol nah but its a blast .. actually headin up der 2morrow .. then gonna jam on some karaoke at a friends house ... oooh . 
getting ready to board on Sat night ! And after that , Sunday Ima partakin ' in a photoshoot ! Boo yah ! 
Anxious to face the many new things that this 2011 year will bring me ..... I am ready . 
uhhh ... mah eye's twitching ... 
Gonna go board n ski 2morra ' ... workin an haulin around ... gonna try a 360 and die crashing . 
Is attending a Snow-Ball that's gonna make me feel like a < PROPFEMALE > babay !! Yeeeeeaaahh ! 
had an awesome weekend !! 
gonna go ridin ' tomarra ' 
I'm gonna get to try out mah new DC sb boots on Friday funday !! ( in that white stuff on a mountain we call snow ... ) 
Still finding out the difference between the soft snow beneath me and the fact of it being hard when its between me , a board , and air .... 
figured out that she can't touch her tongue to her elbow ... say whut ? 
had a blast skiin ' today ! Even if the snow was crappy ... lol 
having one last ski day Friday ... kinda a bittersweet thing . =( 
Sick of crying , tired of trying ... yea , I'm smiling but inside I'm dying . 
Had an awesome last day of skiing ... and totally whitewashing some crazy dude . =P 
Having a jam-packed week so far ! aaahhh ! 
Scars are tattoo's with better stories . 
Most country girls like cowboy butts and Chevy pickups ... but I like the jeans and the Dually Fords better . =P 
Girls aren't that hard to get . Seriously . Just give them a box of chocolates and tell them their pretty , and it works .... so they say . 
Back from Kennewick ! Gotta blood blister along with it ... 
Gotta job interview todaayy !! Woot woot ! 
Weeiirrd ... unfortunately . Almost got a new horse but some chum head decided to buy before us , without even looking at it !! =( 
Ok , so what's your fav music band/artist and who would you like to see live in concert ? 
K peeps , what's your ultimate fav band/artist , dead or alive ? And u can name 2 < PROPMALE > . 
Crakuuh , I'm tired .. ;D 
If you could go to any amusement park in the world , what would it be ? 
Sometimes things in life just really suck ... especially when you have to make choices that you don't want to make but you know its for the better . 
Luv's her baby , Zeke <3 
Got back from a lonnng day on a horse riding clinic . Zeke did awesome . =) 
Soooo sore ... =( 
Ready for another well-deserved weekend ! And more riding of course ... =D 
Ridin todayy ! 
Yaayy another awaited weekend ! 
Hmmm ... lonnng night . Stayed up till 2am as we picked up my g-pa from the airport . Now for a \wonderful\ " 3 months of him staying here ... until August that is . =D " 
Need's to know what people think about this : am thinking about cutting my hair ( medium length ) sometime around as soon as summer vacation starts for me . Should I cut it or keep it how it is or longer ?? 
9 more days till summer vacation starts for me !! ( and some-odd days left with one school year till grad day . ) 
Such a beautiful day ! Was perfect for my first golfing lesson , which went awesome . ;) 
Some people find it easy to get a life ... while some find it hard keeping one . =) 
blaahhh ... free weekend yet < PROPFEMALE > bored .... 
WOOT ! My sis is finally tying the knot !!! 
Chataqua weekend ! Woot ! 
I <3 summerrr !! 
AAHH !! Surgery 2morrow ... getting all 4 wisdom teeth removed ... * sniff 
Ugh ... face is swollen like a balloon ... worse feeling of pain I've had yet so far in my lil ' life ... sux . 
< PROPFEMALE > few weeks more till < PROPFEMALE > trip to So Cal ! Woot !! 
Camping with some friends for the whoooolllle week ! Boo yah 
So Cal this Saturday for 2 1/2 wks ! eeek ! 
Hoping that my trip down south will be good and not turn out to be a funeral case ... :'( 
Headin ' down to So Cal tomorra'! Woot !! 
Woot ! Sunnyside So Cal days are here again !! :-)))) 
Went on a 4hr long horse ride today ... oooohh my legs !! 
First time food poisoning sucks ... ='(( 
Last few days have been fun but hectic ! Gr8 places to shop though ..... 
Finally back home ya'll!!! 
\Good friends don't let you do stupid things ...... alone . \ " =D " 
Pizzazzz .... lol 
Library run todayy ! =D 
Having true friends is like peeing your pants ... people may see it on the outside but you can feel the warmth . ;) 
freezing my butt off !! Rain and weather as-of-now : Ich hasa dich !! 
Will finally be getting my long awaited Zune HD sometime here soon !! EEeeeekkkkk !! =D 
9-9-10 ... the day my g-ma silently passed away ... 
Got my zune today ! yay ! \ 
Next stop , filling in my app for the ski hill again ! 
Ich liebe dich sunshine ! Lol Spokane fair tomorra ' . Woot ! 
Awesome daze 
Coulda been better ...... 
Ich hasa rain ... so gray and gay .. lol 
Never realized how easy learning < PROPMALE > could be ... that is , depending on what you learn it with . ;) 
Having to keep telling myself that every day has its different battles and struggles .... but wheres the break in between ? 
Tommorows mah first vocal lesson ! Hopefully I don't break any windows ..... 
For my first lesson it was pretty fun ... considering I had to overcome my fear of singing in front of someone . Lol 
Golfed today .... had the best pizza ever ... and watched a pretty weird but cute movie . \ 
I luv weekends ... xD 
I've never really liked Tuesdays ..... don't ask why . Lol 
No one knows how you feel , no one there you'd like to see ... the day was dark and full of pain ... you open up your eyes but nothin's changed . \ 
I don't want to cause some trouble don't wanna stay to long . I just came here to say to you ... turn around I am here . If you want its me you'll see ... doesn't count far or near .. I can hold you when you reach for me ... \ 
I am by your side ... just for a little while . We'll make it ... 
Picked up mom at airport today .... and got new shoes , wooott !!! Lol yes I'm a shoe freak ... 
Mr. Krabs living in Bikini Bottom ..... think about it . 
Horseride group tomorrow plus BBQ ....... yeeaahh ! 
Long hard day ... was semi fun but coulda been better . 8-) 
Battling another mooshy Monday ... xD 
Feelin ' friskaayy ... lol 
Changing my status to make it more suitable for \certain\ " people ..... " 
A day without you is like a year without rain ..... lol\ 
Good song ^.^ 
I heart Wednesday's!! =D 
Your love is off the ch-chain chain ... \\m/ 
I have it hanging in my room underneath hanging coats . 
\I feel so stupid ! \ " \ 
Ssoooooo happyyyy !!! 
Yay ! Finally managed to call my bestie ! I feel so accomplished at this moment . :) 
I'm not a hero and I'm not famous ... but I am different from the rest . 
My knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil . 
Brownies are awesome . =) 
Running through the monsoon your the one till the end of time\ 
Fighting the storm , into the blue\ 
And when I loose myself I think of you\ 
Together we'll be running somewhere new\ 
Through the monsoon , just me and you . 
I HATE having sore throats !! Ugh ... >.< feel like crap . 
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . :) 
Never go to a doctors office whose office plants are dead . 
O ... m ... k ... I'm starting to lose my voice !!!! Nooo ! I like to talk , I don't wanna be a mute ! I'll have to skip my voice lesson if it continues !! Aaahhhh !! 
Confused , sick , frustrated , the whole nine yards ..... yeah , that's my day so far . 
Lookin ' up to keep my sanity in line . 
If < PROPFEMALE > is so popular , why do we have to buy her friends ? ;) 
Feel like I'm gonna crawl under a rock and stay there for a long time ... \ 
Oh wait , I already am there . 
Wishing I could see my friends tomorrow instead of being stuck in this prison hole . 
I walk the line , of the disappointed . \ 
\ 
I celebrate , when I'm in pain . \ 
My heart and mind , can be destroyed and\ 
I've built a bed in this hole I'm in . \ 
Another piece of the puzzle doesn't fit , you throw your arms up your so darn sick of it . \ 
What are you waiting for , what are you searching for ? \ 
Loovve .. 
Traveling 1000 mph in the wrong direction . 
Watched Iron Man 2 ... its so rad . 8-) 
Just got done with my voice lesson . Was great despite the fact that I had to unclog my throat every 5 minutes . >.< 
49 staff meeting today !! :D coolness .. 
G'night ya'll! 
So ugly out yet so content with how my weekend turned out . Now for some snowboard pants ..... 
Yayness ! Planning a trip to Hawaii again in December !!! :D its been 5 years since I last went there ... 
Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do , but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it . 
Ich bin sitzten in der schlafzimmer spielen meine ZuneHD .... man , I'm so good ! Lol ! :D 
Ok redo : Sitze im Schlafzimmer auf dem bett und speilt meinem ZuneHD . \ 
Eh ? Lol 
I am sooo ready for a vacation right now . Or to just be at my bestie's house atm . 
Blehh ...... 
You don't love someone because they're perfect . You love them in spite of the fact that they're not . :) 
Such a long hard day . I think I may crash out early tonight . Been too sleep deprived . xP 
So long October .... hellloo month of new expectations ! 
Gloomy day and a plate full of crap and stress ... that's what I'm looking forward to tomorrow . :/ 
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping . ;) 
If you gave someone your heart and they died , did they take it with them ? \ 
Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside that couldn't be filled ? <- 3 
Long horse day tomorrow . Wish I could have made it to the staff meeting though .... :( 
Tired ... and with a splitting headache ..... and its uglay outside . Just fab .. 
Another cold uglay day ... and I'm in dire straits to reach one of my buddehs !! XD 
Come on snow .... anytime now !!! 
Quote from author : did you know \I told you so\ " had a brother ? His name is \ " Shut the heck up . \ " Hahaha ! " 
Went to Spokane and did some shopping ! Though I must say it was quite the rat race around me . >.< 
Working out with my pilate's! Feels so great to get back in shape . :D too much couch potato sittin ' ... 
Two wrongs doesn't make a right , but it makes a good excuse . ;) 
As guys become older , they tend to act more like their shoe size . 
Spokane tomorra'! ....... again . 
Life isn't about surviving the storm . Its learning how to dance in the rain . :) 
There is a fine line between genius and insanity .... I've just erased that line . 
Ich mag nicht spraken Englisch ...... too many words .... ;) 
I like work ; it fascinates me that I can just sit there and watch . :D 
Booyah ! Snow has finally hit mah part of town , so look out peoples ! xD 
Long day at ski hill staff training today . Snow wasn't the greatest but was still awesome to go out and finally shred some . :) 
Snow is finally here .... and a wonderful 22 degrees out . Perfect . xD 
Rawr .. 
I want Saturday to be here already !! Its moving by too slow ! >.< 
All this snow is making a thousand ideas run through my mind every second it keeps falling . xD 
Can't wait till tomorroowww !! wooott ! 
The snow was SO epic !! Too bad my legs were screaming at me the whole time . =/ now for some more fun time ! XD 
As much as I love snow , I'm ready to retire from the freezing weather it brings ... like now . 
I'm not scissor-happy ... I'm snow-shovel happy . Imagine that . 
Pointless . 
Leaving to Hawaii tomorrow , bright n early ! :D 
Working on winter tan , new swimsuit , surfin ' the waves ..... this . is . the . life . lol 
Whew ... big storm rolling through ; lightening and rain dumped . No seeing my bee-yew-tiful beach today . :'( 
Me , you , beachtime . Best thing evvarr . 
\As of right now I would love to have an intimate 24hr relationship with my bed . \"" 
Stuck at Sea-Tac airport till morning . Hawaiian airlines sucks .... but at least I've got a double shot Starbucks coffee to tide me over . :D 
Finally back home !! Catch up time for sleep-wise . \ 
Your wish ... is my command . 
I wanna skiiiiii sooo baadd !!!! \ 
3 days left and counting ... 
Ski , sit , sleep , ski , sit , sleep , etc etc ... 
Worked hard ... but must say it was one of the best ski days evarr . ^.^ 
Saturday ... dedicated to snowboarding all day . Won't lay a finger on a ski . For now . ;) 
“Because of your smile , you make life more beautiful . ” 
Ski , work ... and more skiing tomorrow . I'm lovin ' it . 
Today was epic , but I must say going to hit the hot tub makes it THAT much more worth it . 
Can't wait for this weekend ! 
Can guarantee that I'll have a full day of work tomorrow , them lil ' homeschool kids . Yayness ..? \ 
Schlaf < PROPMALE > ! 
Awesome ski day ...... kicked butt . xD 
So ... tired .... but not sore , thankfully . O.o 
Friday night hit the lights !! 
Pickin ' up my mom's lil ' horse today .... yayness . xP 
Crawled under a rock and hid . 
Over at a friends house ..... don't disturb . 
Ski ski ski , ride , ski ski ski ... yes , that's how I roll . :D 
Is determined is master a narly boxrail this season . 
Wanted : More snow ! Preferably dead or alive . 
Glad its a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day today . 
Feels so weird to have brown hair after being blonde most of my life . I look in the mirror and its like , ' whoa wth , that's not my hair!!' xD 
Skiiiii tomorrow !!! And work . :/ 
Bruised an sore but still standing strong . 
I can't imagine anything better than being required to have fun . :) 
Can't wait for the party this weekend !! Dress was fixed just in time ! 
Time to rock this dance floor , gonna partay all night loonng ! 
Have a feeling the snow is not going to be agreeable with me ..... -.- 
My back is killing me .... plus scored on teaching my second snowboard lesson . Woottt ! 
I want the weekend to be here already ... better yet , I need it ! 
1st person to like my status : I will write your name on my hand for a week . 2nd person : you can dare me to do something . 3rd person : I'll write ' I love you ' on your wall . 4th person : I will answer three questions you ask . ;) 
Spokane tomorrow ..... so no clinic .. bleh >.< 
Sushi Marw is now officially my fav place to eat in the entire state of Washington . 
Best ski day ... evaarr . 8-) 
Finally got my new camera ! Spread the joy ... 
Despite a slight bug ( I refuse to be sick ! ) ... I am determined to have a blast tomorrow . 
Spiffy day today .... and yesterday .... and tomorrow . 
Nearly killed myself on a huge jump today but I must say ... it was ' awesomely ' worth it . ;) 
Colville run ... dentist , then pick up a permit . Oh joy . 
First drive test today . Passing with flying colors is .... inevitable . 
Singing lesson , then a nice weekend at mah buddies house . Gonna rock the night away ! \\m/ 
Not . cool .... -,__- 
Nnnoooooooooo !!!!!! I'm getting worse ! \ 
........... thanks , dad .... >.< 
Woott ! Come on snow , make me happeh . 
More driving today . Hopefully I won't have to ditch class again . -_- 
Somebody mixed mah medicine ... 
' nother Spokane run today .... how I missed my sushi . xD 
Can't wait to shred some new pow-pow . \\m/ 
Best snow day I've ridden this season so far ! 
8 week deadline till Bloomsday . Starting tomorrow . Can I make it ? =/ 
Wir sterben niemals aus ;) 
First day of horse riding to start the season off . Epiiicc .. 
Hilfe mir fliegen in die nacht .. 
Lazy day ..... zzzz 
Skiing tomorrow ! Am I stoked ? To say the least ... :D 
Skiing day full of epicness . Attempted to throw down two 360's today , can't say it was a happy ending though . xD 
Overall great day today . Passed my second to last drive AND drove my dads dully for the second time . ( with scrapping or running over anything ) 
Snowboarding tomorrow ! And slush cup I believe ... its going to be schweeett ! 
Aweshum day , and got to see some funny slush cup contesters ! :) 
Waaayyy too crusty today . Eww ... just , eww . 
Finally pulled off a 360 !! Four times ! Though I gotta get the landings down now . >_< 
FML ... that's all I've gotta say for the time being . 
Laugh as often as you breathe , and love as long as you live . 
Quote of the day : I saw a six or seven year old girl walking by wearing < PROPFIRST > Beiber socks . I asked her if she liked him and she said no . She only liked wearing them so she'd step on him everytime she walked . I love this kid . xD 
All day Spokane run tomorrow ... boring supply pick up but I'm doing it for the sushi . \ 
Hopefully ..... 
Kidnapping = surprise adoption . 
Gotta wake up early for a long road trip tomorrow . So ready for bed from too much partying tonight ! xD 
:'( 
Poke war with < PROPFEMALE > !! muhahaha !! 
Indulging myself to a delicious Drumstick . ( the ice cream kind , jsyk ) 
So .... mude .... ( two dots above the ' u ' ) 
Love is a game , for everyone ... but this is you , and meeehh . \ 
We had a thousand lives to one , we had every hurricanes and suns , \ 
Hey , don't you know .. we've just begun . \ 
Come pain , come hurt , \ 
See the halo , ha-ha-halooo . \ 
Hey hey hey , hey hey hey ... \ 
8-) 
Best Spokane/roller skating day EVER !! :D 
A moment of confusion ... then a breath of relief . 
Biiig day today .... yay . x_x 
So fly ... 8-) 
Pizza party tomorrow !! \ 
......... \ 
A short lived one supposedly . 
2 more hours left till pizza time !! \ 
Yeah I like veggie pizza so shush . xD 
Spending some time shopping with Chanielle tomorrow ! Hellooo Spokane .. 
Without spending too much , to say I shopped till I * almost * dropped would be an understatement . 
I just wanna go .... 
Hoping to make it to roller skating tomorrow ! :D 
Knives and pens \\m/ 
Bleh ..... 
3 weeks and 13 days left till Bloomsday ! ( cake ... ) 
Seafood night !! Wooott ! 
I must say .... Tron is a very epic movie . ;) 
Long weekend ahead ..... >_< 
I think its kinda amusing how school is ending so close for people , and how much they are showing their \enthusiasm\ " for school tomorrow with summer being so close ahead . Gotta love it . xD " 
I ate 7 plates of sushi in Spokane today .... \ 
.. and yes , I do feel quite accomplished . xD 
Skiing withdrawls have decided to persist . 
Sometimes you put walls up to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
* sigh * ..... so much for a good day . 
Two wrongs don't make a right , but they sure make a good excuse ! xD 
I'm not staring at your butt , I'm admiring your back < PROPFIRST > pockets . :D 
Finally making a civilization run later today . 
I've been way too tired lately . \ 
I must be getting too old to work anymore . ;P 
Spiffy ? Yes . Tired ? Yes . Coincidence ? No idea . 
Well , isn't that just the giant pickle on my crap sandwhich kind of day . 
Wow ..... I'm officially hating on Microsoft right now . Love-hate relationships are not working . >_< 
Es ist kalt draussen ! : x 
Spokane run tomorrow . Hair products ... buffet ... dress search ... all the good stuff . :D 
Well that blows .... 
Wow ..... thanks to my moms somehow devious unknown planning , I now ( almost ) officially have hair that would freak even the little mermaid . O_o 
Compiling myself a spontaneous ' bucket ' list .... it can fluctuate . =/ 
Too much brain overworking has made me tired . -_- 
A most welcome weekend . 
Had a nice trail ride today in a finally beautiful , sunshiney kind of day . :) 
Feelin ' so fly like a G6 . 
Wow ... excercise never felt so great . Just completed my 7.5 mi jog today . Accomplished much ? Heck yes . 
This day couldn't possibly get any uglier .... could it ? 0_o 
That's it ... I'm done . I've had enough . This.is.it . 
Mood : In die nacht- by TH 
Senior project to present in front of a classroom full of teachers tomorrow . Eep ! 
I'm not a stalker !!... I'm just an observer . :D 
Stealing this idea from < PROPFEMALE > !! Lol <3 \ 
Like this and I will fill it for you . \ 
1 . How we met\ 
2 . Would I date you\ 
3 . Who are you to me\ 
4 . Have I hugged you\ 
5 . What I like best about you\ 
6 . What I dislike about you\ 
7 . Favorite memory of you\ 
8 . First impression of you\ 
9 . How close are we ( 1-10 ) 
The Obvious - Orgy 
Finally presented my project today annnd ..... I Lived !!! 
I'm not random , you just can't think as fast as I can . :) 
Another beautiful day ! I hope Sunday will be just the same if not better . :) 
3 more days left ' til Bloomsday ! Whose with me ?! 
I'm only me when I'm with you . 
Officially registered for Bloomsday and gonna rock it with a new pair of shades . :D 
Extremely long weekend ahead of me . * sigh * but it will be fun and exciting at the same time . :) 
Bloomsday , prepare to meet your match . 
Is an official Bloomsday finisher . Have to wait for dumb results tomorrow though . =/ 
The start of a long week ... and gloomy day again ! But Friday's definitely going to make up for ittt ! :D 
\A girl should be two things : classy and fabulous . \"" 
Does it ever make you stop and wonder ? 
' Nother horse ride tomorrow . Yet another day closer to Friday funday , haha . 
Just keep talkin ' that blah , blah , blahh ... 
Wednesday's are my newfound love interest . Though I do love Friday's as well . o_o 
One of those ugly , poopy looking kind of days . Eww ... >_< 
When life gives you 100 reasons to cry , give it 1000 reasons to smile . 
I'm so happeh , I'm gonna explode . * sucks in quick breaths * xD 
Photoshoot today !! Woop woop ! 
Long day , but was amazing . Can't wait to see my pictures ! It'll be so hard to choose ... 
