I am just sitting here . I got my tongue pierced again 2 days ago and it hurts like a *&$%^@@# !!! So , I am wide awake . If any one wants to chat ... I am totally here ! lol 

Also , I think I might have lost some feeling in the tip of my tongue . Is that normal ? 
I am just sitting here wondering why , why , WHY people gotta keep drama going ? What is it that makes others lives so friggin empty that they have to force their unhappiness and boredom onto others ? Why are some people so shallow and insensitive and selfish 
And another thing ..... what do I have to do to find a GOOD man ? Are there any left out there ? lol I am a good woman , and a good person ..... why do nice guys , ( girls ) have to finish last ? 
My migraine is on my mind . I feel like crap on a stick ! 
I am wondering why certain men take women for granted . I wonder why/how it is that as human beings we can have such disregard for each other and use others , and cause pain and suffering and not care about it ! Why is it that people take advantage of the lo 
Hello facebook friends ! I am just contemplating the paths we take in life . 
decisions .... decisions ...... 
My daughter is sick and throwing up everywhere . She is dehydrated and unable to keep anything down , including her anti-nausea and anti-convulsant medication . I am worrying about her . She is dizzy and dehydrated . I don't want to take her and the other 4 ki 
Still throwing up . :( 
she seems 2 feel a little better now . 
Hello every one . We're back from VA ! Just chillin @ home trying to recoup ! 
I am so totally bored . I wish I could sleep ! 
Okay FB , I can't < PROPFEMALE > any more , lol . I have to get ready for church in a few hours so I am gonna force my eyes shuttttttt !!!! TTYL 
Just sitting here with my kids , all 5 of them , and my < PROPFEMALE > , contemplating life . You'd think that after all this time I'd have some of life figured out by now ! 
why in the heck cant I get a good facebook pic !!! everyone has GOOD pics and I look like I took this pic @ work ... oh wait .... i did take it at work ! lol 
LLCOOL J IS ON NCIS LA !!! OOO , he's bringing sexy back !!! lol 
sitting here in church .... it's good today 
I am worried about my daughter . She is 6 and she has epilepsy . She has been having ALOT of seizures lately , and the doctors can't stop it . 
I'm sad as hell cuz I'm leavin my baby in ga . 9 hrs on the road with 5 kids . If that ain't love I don't know what is ! 
Aint Love Grand FB ?! LOL Just thought I'd share ! I haven't had anything good to say since the dish ran away with the ( ho)spoon ! 
I am reaching out to any other single mothers who's baby daddy is lame and is trying to take her kids !! I need legal HELP ! After abandoning his family , running off with this chick who is too dum to see what she ran off with , not seeing his kids since last July , no Christmas presents , no birthday presents , not EVEN a phone call since last summer , he now feels that he is somehow worthy to get my kids for visits . 
He didn't even show up to the court ordered supervised visitation that he had last year . He doesn't even know how sick my kids really are , or what is even wrong with them . You all know more about thier status than he does , and that is sad . I NEED HELP !!! 
So .. FB Fam , if you know a good lawyer that will help a single mom with 5 special needs kids on disability keep her kids safe , GET AT ME !!! PLEASE !!! I am all they have , and they are all I have . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I w ... ill be watching to see who really i ... s ... I < PROPFEMALE > my friendships !!!! 4 
WELLLLLLLL !!! 
Nigaz n flies I do despize ! The more I see nigaz , the more I like FLIES ! 
I am SO flippin happy !!! He finally asked me to \go with\ " him . LOL " 
I am really hurting because my father cur me off over some woman he met in another country who is 2 years older than me . He wants to marry her in July and wonders why I can't accept him , her , and whatever children they may have after he fuc*ed up me and my brothers . Wow . I need prayer yall !!! All because I want my \DADDY \"." 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms out there holding it down for their famlies . 
Feelin like , \nigga pleeze \"!" 
good night everyone . I cant < PROPFEMALE > on any longer . xoxo 
Made it all the way to GA chillin with my baby ! NOT ! Its hot out here ! LOL 
My baby just took his FIRST two steps on his own !!!!!! 
Good Morning FB fam ! And what a GLORIOUS morning it is !!! Having a great time with the family . Im about to feed the kids , compliments of Days Inn ! LOL What are ' yall up to today ? 
Out & about with an old friend ! Me & my girl haven't < PROPMALE > out in about a year ! Isn't it great to reconnect with people who knew you before you were \ Mrs. \ " or \ " mommy \"!" 
Sometimes a person can get so caught up on their own happiness that they forget who and what they are . Sometimes the dream is better than the reality . Sometimes you forget what you are worth . Most of the time you forget \ 
what a cost you are to those around you . Sometimes you need to know that someone will love you no matter what that cost may be . Most of the time though , you find someone who can't or wont invest . 
And what the hell anyway ? It's their money . 
All FB fam ..... Please keep my friend in prayer . Please pray for a positive and fixable outcome . Thank you . 
PLEASE SOMEONE OUT THERE ! PRAY PLEASE BESEACH THE FATHER . I CAN'T SAY WHY ..... BUT PLEASE JUST PRAY FOR MY FRIEND ! THIS IS A MATTER THAT CAN CHANGE THEIR LIFE FOREVER AND GODS WISDOM < PROPFEMALE > AND LOVE ARE OH SO DESPERATELY NEEDED ! 
I ASK AGAIN , PLEASE PLEASE STOP WHATEVER YOU ARE DOING FOR JUST A MOMENT AND PRAY . THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS ....... FROM BOTH OF US . 
Thank you all so very much for all of your prayers ! A good friend of mine REALLY nbeeded the hand of the Lord in their life today . The prayers you all sent up really helped . Thank you & God bless you . 
Out enjoying a beautiful day with my beautiful children . 
Why did my mom just tell me that there are frogs outside my house !!! What do I do if one of them comes in here ?! EEEEEEKKKKKKK ! LOL 
Can't wait until tomorrow . I hope this is it this time ! I'm scared , but I'm gonna jump anyway . Life is too short to be afraid where I land ..... just please catch me . 
So far .... So GOOD !!!!! 
SOMEBODY PLEASE SEND ME SOME RIBBON ON FRONTEERVILLE !!!! PLEASE !!!! 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak \ 
out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your nightmare , embarrass \ 
you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the \ 
day you understand why I do it ... then I will know you are a responsible \ 
adult . ALL because I love you ! You'll never find anyone who ... loves you\ 
& cares about you more than I do !! ~ Copy and paste if you feel the \ 
same 
The people that you love the most , the ones who you allow closest to you are the ones that have the most power to hurt you . Am I that bad of a person that you have to stab me in the back like that ? You could atleast have the decency to say it to my face ! 
That's what I get for wanting friends and a family and not wanting to be alone . 
I am SO bored 
Why oh why did my kids eal all my M&M's last night while I was sleeping ? 
Chillin in GA with the new family for the holiday . Having a great time while the kids get to meet all thier aunts , uncles , cousins , grand-parents , great-grand parents , and on and on and on and on and on ...... gives new meaning to the term \big\ " family . LOL " 
Day 2 and all is well ...... still having a blast . Church earlier , I met even more nice people today ... the kids and I are adjusting well . YAY !!! Truly enoying the vacation ! 
I am thankful , and I just wanted to share that with someone who may be struggling . If it hurts you , it's not for you ! Life is not supposed to hurt !!! ( who knew ?! ) Thank you LORD . Amen . 
MY PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound .. because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will never find someone who loves you ... cares about you , and worries about you more than your MOM ! Copy n paste if you are a real MOM 
Unhappy . 
Happy again . Love my hubby , he's the best . 
I am in so much friggin PAINNNNN !! Come on Ibuprofen ! 
Why did my son just come up to his dad and I to show us his \girlfriends\ " phone number ? SMH !!! " 
4am & still snowing ....... I'm calling it ! SNOW DAY !!!!!! 
Okay ... so my eldest had to get some blood drawn today . He is 9 . After he freaked out at the sight of the needle , then got over it ..... got his arm taped up ..... he suddenly became unable to use said arm because of the itty bitty bandage on it and needed help putting on his coat . He then proceeded to LIMP out of the blood-draw lab . SMH . 
QOTD : Is it wrong to flirt , or keep an old flame burning while you are in a relationship ? 
If you get that last post , \you might be a red-neck\ " ! LOL - Blue Collar Comedy tour eat your heart out ! " 
Really feeling like I have very few friends out there . I see all these happy faces and I feel so far removed from all of them . I see people I reached out to , people I used to be , or thought I was close to ... I just feel pretty alone right now . 
hmmmmm ....... lets see 
HAPPY NOW !!! Turns out .... there are people out there that I matter to , even if I don't see them ! ( who knew ?! ) :) 
