layin ' on hospital couch is tiring ... but sometimes it must be done when someone you care about is in the bed .... 

in my element ... livin in the night ... 
vacation is over & I am job hunting once again ... gotta love it ... 
its nice to watch the grass grow ... 
filling out applications can be fun ... who ever said you have to be serious about them ? 
funny how we al-ways go full circle in life ... beginning to feel like a dog chasing its tail ... 
Whew ... lots of pictures ... guess i did not dodge the camera enough when i was younger .... 
Anyone think going to school and having the same classes as your significant other is sucha bad idea ? Any one with this experience ? On the plus side I'd at least have a study partner and ride to school , but are there any down sides ? 
Need a new Yankees hat ... 
UPS Job : -1 degrees F . Home : -8 degrees F here in bend , oregon with 5 mph winds making it feel like -11 . Paper route : -7 degrees F , 5 mph winds , feeling like -10 . I love my jobs . I really do ! But sometimes its HELL frozen over ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! Especialy the weird people . Normal people just frustrate me . 
Feels more love was given this Christmas season than gifts . 41 people showing love , 14 gifts . I appreciate everone of you in my life , your all in my thoughts even though I may not always say it ! 
Silver 
without the tools the brakes are gonna stay broken . * sigh * 
< PROPMALE > Harshfield bud ... your one of those people in life that don't have just one soulmate you have many you find as you journey through life ... you have a lotta love man ... keep it rollin .... 
Vacation is dull when its unplanned ... anyone up for beer pizza and bowling on Sunday ? Got a cupon for 3 people to have 1 free game each ... Becca and I are going .. anyone care to join us ?... 
UGGHHH !!! I need something to do .... cleaning house doesn't seem appealing at the moment ..... 
learning from other peoples mistakes ... and making my own in the process .. 
This is staring to feel like a game of some sort . Life just keeps rolling the dice , and the majority of days/turns so far is good enough to keep me playing . Soon the losses will be to great or annoying enough to force me to move on to better things . I am laid off once again . Only time will tell ... 
I am Stuck ... Adventure or stability . I have always loved the nervous thrill of doing anything unknown and basking in the moment . But stability is something I want right now because my other half needs it . I love where we are now . But breaking away now could upset what has been so hard to build . I am stuck ... 
Mmmmm , coffee ... coconut and white chocolate mocha , 6 shot regular espresso . - Snack . BBQ steak pizza and Black Butte < PROPMALE > . - Dinner Being laid off is weight gainer . =P 
Who loves the snow ? Who hates the snow ? Is it weird that I like driving in it , but hate having it around ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Estes , < PROPMALE > Miller , & < PROPFEMALE > Caswell ( Tyrel too ): We should all go to one gym and create a work-out group . With a larger group we may not over do ourselves and get results . I need help and guidance , plus a kick in the butt every now and then . Tell me if your in . 
Ok now which one of you is Mom and which one is Dad . Or did you just forget your login and make a new one ? < PROPFIRST > Richmond < PROPMALE > Richmond 
How did I start out like that and end up like this ? 
How can we live so close yet be so distant ? Alone I feel ... 
is in a state of change once again . Internet will be gone along with all the movies , shows , and games that distract from lifes journey . New goals : pushing exercise , breaking out of hermit mode , hanging out with friends , & motivating wonderful wife to do the same . 
physicaly tensed , mentaly exhausted , emotionaly numb , spiritually lingering . sometimes i wonder how i manage to continue .. 
Thanks for all the BDay wishes ! Time to get wasted now . 
is a cold hearted bastard . 
is wondering when the crash will happen . 
has Special Effects blue < PROPFEMALE > in his hair but instead of being the dark blue he wanted its a < PROPFEMALE > with a hint of blue . Yuck - going nuclear red instead . 
waiting for something to happen sucks . Hope I get my Jitterbug(Jetta ) back today ! 
keeps getting annoyed with everything . 
ideas . Lots of ideas ... 
clean-cut , shaved , and ready for today . 
is home after his first day in the UPS office . Good bye trucks and trailers . 
what a head-rush ! I dont recommend playing online for an hour while sitting on the couch upside down . 
Next on the list is to get neutered . Not me ! The cat .... 
Yay ! found me some JNCOs again ! Been ages ! 
Feels the US is no longer safe and secure . Safety failures in many < PROPMALE > industries . Borders and forieners are able to bypass background checks untill its too late . Disasters affecting 10s of millions of people in the public . Solutions I see are bad and include cover ups , band aids on a shotgun wound , risking public lives , misinforming the public , and not actually enforcing decisions . 
just woke up from a 12 hour nap . i must have needed it , but the day is gone . and its almost paper route time again ... 
another 4th of July weekend alone at home . need to get out of the house tomorrow . now what to do ? 
falling behind on sleep again , but getting things that needed finishing done . 
so tired ... 
Mmmm , burgers an beer today . Corn dogs at the fair tomorrow . Turning out to be a good weekend ! 
Friday's gone ! Now its the weekend ! 
I should cut the grass but I'll just water it more instead . Tomorrow will be yard work and car vacuum day . 
After cutting back on carbs and meats I get cold easier . Strange I tell you . 
Third day I rode my bike and already have a ding in it . Stupid water bottle . 
Just bought a gallon of JoJoBa oil . Not sure if I need that much but I will find something to do with it . 
What are we doing this year for Christmas ? Same as last year or something different ? 
Reading the Spanish to English dictionary . I must be bored . 
