< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all . Have a safe and Happy New Years as well !!!! 

< PROPFEMALE > Chrstimas ,,, just in case you didn't get the first one . :) 
DAMN that was fast ! get back to work !! :) 
I had that happen once . They were looking for someone else , but wouldn't leave there name . I called back a few minutes later and it was the Police dept . in Arizona ! LOL 
A men to that . It's really a shame that in 2 generations < PROPFEMALE > as a whole has gone from country first to to hell with it , I'll just < PROPFEMALE > somebody . 
I have that wild hair up my ass , so I'll be sorting out pics and getting them on here . 
I lost a friend yesterday . < PROPMALE > ColonSalo was involved in a car vs motorcycle accident the day befor the Run For The Wall riders arrived . < PROPMALE > was very active in the American Legion , ALR and Kansas Patriot Guard . I just hope those 4 teenage girls realize the lost the rest of us share . 
Hey everyone , As noticed , I CANNOT TYPE or at least in this case SPELL LOL 
It seems that the point has come in my daughters life where based on her extensive experience in life , that she is no longer wanting or needing to follow my advice . On a lighter note . Thanks for all the birthday wishes . What happened to the days when we were young . We weren't ever supposed to get this old . 
FINE !!! All of you can be that way . But just because today is my birthdat DOES NOT mean I am any older soTHHHHPPPPPPP 
If you received a birthday request and I already have it , that's just the memory thing again . Sorry 
BE ASHAMED IF YOU DIE BEFORE YOU DO SOMETHING GOOD FOR YOUR COUNTRY 
Before the meeting , two military officials said McChrystal went in prepared to submit his resignation . They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly . And we let these people hold top secret security clearances ? 
Yeah , but that's only if you want to be successful . You can pussy-foot and piddle around for years and not get any farther than you are now . I think it is going to take a full generation to change their ways of thinking about us . 
OOPS , sorry Walt , I hit the Y instead 
Hey < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for having a < PROPMALE > to BS with you this weekend . We are going to have to make it a habit of sorts . 
Hey < PROPFIRST > . Are we still good for Friday evening ? It'll be around 9ish when I get there . 
I still don't know if I'll come down this Christmas . If I do , I'll tow the bike down so I can ride down there . Just think , witha car , I can finally get my sword out of my mom's house 
Hey < PROPMALE > . Just how long are you going to stay over there ? 
I was just looking at google maps of ft . Myers . All the different places I lived , the schools , even the road names . People say that the < PROPFEMALE > years are late in life . I think it's just the opposite . Whe didn't have a care in the world other than making it home for dinner . We didn't have to worry about retirement accounts or saving for college or even providing for our family . 
Well , only 4 more weeks till I head off to Sturgis . It'll be my first time there and it happens to be the 70th anniversary . I'm thinking it's going to be busy ! LOL . Does anyone want me to pick up anything for them ? Understand though ,, I'm on a bike . 
dont you just hate when that happens 
2 weeks and I head out to visit < PROPFIRST > and then off to Sturgis !! 
Well , Tomorrow I head out to < PROPFIRST>'s house in hopes that we can toss some testoserone around by BSing . From there I'll head out Monday morning for Sturgis for a week . short trip , long trip , rain or shine , it's me and the bike . OK with about 250,000 to 500,000 other riders , but there are lots of roads cutting through the Black hills . Sometimes simply the rushing of the wind is the best companion you can find . 
Well , I made it back from Sturgis . I'll be posting some pictures in the adventures album . I hope you visit it . 
Well , I thought when I got back the last time that I was going to retire in Ft < PROPFIRST > , WA ( Seattle ) . 14 months after I got there the Army sent me to Ft < PROPMALE > , KS . If you know where KC is , the state of Kansas is a small suburb to the West . LOL . Anyway , so I ended up retiring here and work for Northrop Grumman ( defence contractor ) 
People can't think that Kansas is in the middle of nowhere , they have to think of it as -- you are already halfway to where you do want to go . Tell your son for me that I say thank you for what he does . Seriously , please let him know I said that . I'm pretty heavy into motorcycling now . My oldest daughter and I went on a 6300 mile trip last year . Had a blast . Look at me , jaw jacking again . LOL 
Yeah , I sent it straight to < PROPFIRST > too ! LOL 
The point is covered up if you have a hat on ! What's up ? 
OK here . I need everyone to get thinking for me . The Lord knows I have trouble doing it myself . I need eveyone to concentrate and think : Buy Christmas cards , buy Christmas cards . Just as a warning , we might be going through this same drill tomorrow morning with : Fill cards out . I just thought I should let you know ! LOL 
Well , guess what ? Thanks to those subtle hints and sharp elbows , I remembered to stop by < PROPMALE > would on my way back home from Topeka . Hey < PROPMALE > , the step by step was great but knowing that I was a sSoldier , you could have numbered them ! LOL 
All in all , I agree that if you ignore the Phelps clan that they will eventually go away . So you think ! Every single day that these people or any other group of what our society has deemed extreme know they can say what they want when they want to who they want is empowering them even more . When are we going to draw the line in the sand and then have the guts and determination to do what we said we would do . 
It's a great lesson to teach our kids ! Be a pacifist and don't say anything to\ 
offend someone just because they have offended you countless times . It's\ 
amazing how one preacher in the United States talks about burning a Quran\ 
and draws responses from as high as the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , yet we\ 
don't say a damn thing about burning our own bibles or flags . 
The more we let these people do the things they do , it will become second nature . \ 
Afterwards it will become law . Then the next step comes in and the process starts all over again . We as < PROPFEMALE > ns better wake the he%l up . It's a good thing that the people that were in the < PROPFEMALE > n revolution didn't think like we do , because there wouldn't be an < PROPFEMALE > . 
England has drawn that line in the sand . They have a list of 21 groups or people that are NOT allowed in their country because they are known hate groups . Everything it seems comes down to the first amendment . Right , keep thinking that . If I egg a persons\ 
house all I am doing is expressing myself which is allowed and protected under the constitution . 
Get ready < PROPFEMALE > , because in about 30 years there won't be a United States of < PROPFEMALE > at the rate we are going . 
To all my friends , co-workers , kids of friends alike . I hope you have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and enjoy the season that brings people together like no other . I don't make my rounds very well ( saying HI and sorts ) but please know that I think of all of you often for it is your combined influences that have made me who I am . 
First snow of the year . Hanging around 18 degrees right now 
Sir , Though I wasn't afforded the opportunity to know you as a person , I very much know you as a persona . I studied WW II in my early days as a youth . I have served our country as you did under the same banner known as ' Old < PROPFEMALE>' . I'm sure that a lesser man would have found it increasingly difficult to remain as modest as you . I served with a man in Desert Storm . 
As Talbert said that he would follow you into hell , I have said that about ' my ' LT Winters . His name is LTC(R ) < PROPFIRST > A . Nagl . It is amazing that such a horrible thing such as war can bring men together like no other . Your Band of Brothers is just as much alive today as it was 60 years ago . Men like you are very rare indeed . Know that this earth is a lesser place without you in it . Sincerely , < PROPFIRST > E . Kebbel SFC(R ) 
Gruss Gott alle 
