i am waiting for the best sister in the world to get here ..... ( sigh ) ..... ok < PROPFEMALE > get here already ..... i'm sooooooo excited !!!!! 

YAY SHE's HERE SHE'S HERE ' SHE's HERE .... and for those who were not paying attention ... SHE IS HERE WOOHOO !!!!! 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . I really had a great one . 
I'm hot and itchy , and my nose is running . I love working outside , but whew the consequences are not pleasant ... 
yuck ... 
Is hot and sweaty from yard work , but is soooooo glad that her mom made a great blanket for < PROPFEMALE > to be outside on . Thanks mom ! 
head hurts ... and not from a normal headache ... ow 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting her first tooth ! 
The air conditioning went out last night in the back of the house last night , and We ( < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and I ) had to sleep on a couch . 
so tired ... 
They should make something to help keep your eyes propped open 
cat hair ... sniff .. sniff 
sitting at the computer , I feel a little hand grab my shorts for support ,. The fact that she can get up and around like that amazes me . 
Ouch , refrigerators should be made of softer stuff ... 
Is tired of rice flour .... 
is glad that she was just dreaming ... 
uuuuugh I hate being sick 
two years ... i can't beleive how much has changed since I married him . happy Anniversary Sweetie ! 
ick ... 
Why oh why did she have to be an earlybird like her daddy ? 
so it's not that I don't love everyone , especially you < PROPFEMALE > , but my phone is not working AAAAAAAgh . If you need to get a hold of me you will have to call < PROPFIRST>'s phone . I'll get the message tomorrow or later 
It's snowing for the first time in our new home of Cedar City . I can't remember ever being this cold before , but I think I could get used to it . I do not like driving in the snow though . It's scary 
thank goodness for calm mothers ... 
has a new Cyber puppy 
a brick that's what 
ick 
Is still awake . grrrrrrrrr ........ 
So I got a decent night's sleep for the first time in a couple of weeks . The bad news ? I can hardly move because I am still so tired , and I think I've caught a bug :( 
( sigh ) 
Now I got the midgenators room the hallway and the bathroom , all that is left is the laundry , the refridgerator , the counters , the floor , the dishes , and the livingroom . No there is no reason I should be panicing about getting it all done right ? right ! ... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH 
I just sent my baby with someone in my < PROPMALE > so I can go sing in a concert . It's not the first time I've left her with someone ... So why do I feel like crying ? 
can't believe my little girl is 1 
Snow is beautiful , but it makes me worry about < PROPFIRST > driving home in it 
Slid in front of a bus as I was turning in to my gym this morning . Yikes ! there has got to be a way to make driving in the snow easier ... 
there is a lot of snow coming down just now ... < PROPFIRST > and i are debating on wether or not to go to church , the snow makes us both nervous to drive ... 
does anybody know a good website to get free ringtones ? 
sigh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > took her first steps !!! 
Happy New Year everybody , I hope you all get to start the year with someone you love , I'm gonna be missing my < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... 
undecided ... 
off white 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ... 
money ugh ... i hate money , those without money get to keep there toothaches 
And now my son , Laman , and also < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and also my sons who are the sons of ishmael , behold if ye will hearken unto the voice of nephi ye shall not perish . 
can you imagine the troubles for a little girl no bigger than your thumb ... 
is getting Hairspray on Netflix tomorrow ... heck yes !! 
I may be making a cd soon , but I have no idea what songs i should put on it , for those of you who have heard me sing , any favorites ? 
Useless ... 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my page ! I love you mom ! :) 
hmph ! 
It's WEDDING PIC WEEK @ FACEBOOK !!! Everyone change your profile pic to one of your wedding pictures -- or -- if you are not married , an oldie-but-goodie of you and a loved one ! Copy & paste this & let's see how stylin ' you were ? 
can't breathe and I wasted most of the day sleeping trying to feel better , I wish it was < PROPFIRST>'s day off :( 
wants to be healthy aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh 
found out last night that all the nasty coughing is actually bronchitis ... yuck 
So when are the drugs I've been running through my system gonna make me feel better ? 
I don't think I have a celebrity look alike 
why oh why do piano keyboards have to be so blasted expensive :( 
Yay for tax returns and vacuum cleaners ! 
We have a new computer ( yay ) so I can keep in touch better again . In other news for those of you who haven't heard my mom is in the hospital , so any extra prayers on her behalf would be much apreciated . 
Massages are amazing , I wish I could get one at least once a month 
eighty four dollars for a single dose of medication ?!?!!! What do they make it out of gold ?!!!? 
< PROPFEMALE > took a tumble off of our bed and I ended up taking her to the ER . The doctor says that he can't see anything on the X-ray but that it is possible that she might have a very small fracture , only way to tell is to see how she recovers . ( sigh ) Mom I'm sorry for everytime that I scared you with health problems and or accidents 
< PROPFEMALE > has a fracture in her right leg . They have put it in a cast for the next couple weeks . 
\Shake Well Buy Often\ " - < PROPFEMALE>'s sample of choclate soymilk " 
\This is my father's world . Oh let me not forget that though the wrong seems oft so strong God is the ruler yet ... \ " Just needed those words today " 
So my Washing machine is smoking . I keep telling it to quit , but it juswt won't listen , but seriously I'm a little bit nervous about what I'm going to do , I can't really afford to repair it , or to get another Washer , ( sigh ) I just might have to start washing clothes in the bath tub ... 
Why does everything seem to break A : at the same time and B : when you have absolutely no money in your bank account , Oh well time to start counting blessing right ? 
so if anyone needs to get a hold of me please call < PROPFIRST>'s phone 
< PROPFEMALE > GOT HER CAST OFF HOOORAY !!! 
is gonna be hurtin ' tomorrow 
So I just started a blog , I have no idea what I am doing and it's really basic , but I just thought I'd try something new 
It's that time of the month .... you know the one that you anxiously await your paycheck that gets in at midnight just so you can get a couple basic essentials 
Is waiting for bountiful baskets 
Is mad at bountiful baskets , I just spent two and a half hours trying to get on the site , but it has not let me order anything . does anyone know if I missed it ? i got on right at the time that the site said Southern Utah could order .... urg 
so for the first time in my life I'm actually doing a little better than my sister after we both got sick , Thanks mom for the advice about the apple cider vinager ... 
So I totally though that I was getting better , but now it seems to have moved into my chest ... bleh 
not going to church today . so not up to it 
I hate looking for a place to live ... ick if anybody in Cedar has heard of a place let me know 
la la la la la la la la la la la la lortab la la la la ... lol 
I hate those days when a couple hundred bucks would just make things better ... bleh 
is a little lonely tonight ... 
is bummed because she is going to miss every party that her friends do at night from now until < PROPFIRST > gets to stop working nights ..... in other words not for a very very very very very very very long time . ( sigh ) 
Bad words bad words bas words ....... AAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Job interview today . I hope that if this is the right thing for our family that it goes well . 
job was NOt what I was expecting . Oh well 
Almond butter and apples ... YUM 
i hate having to come home early for church , but i felt so crummy I thought I would start bawling like a baby ... off to bed 
is very tired 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes 
SOOOOOO I might have finally caught what < PROPFEMALE > has ..... OH HELP 
Happy father's day Daddy ! and to my sweetie too ! 
is going crazy ! 
is feeling very lonely right now . ( sigh ) 
Is hoping to get over this stinking cold soon 
Had to leave church early becaue I thought i was going to pass out , and < PROPFEMALE > was being extra clingy while I was felling yucky . ( sigh ) 
I'm sooooooo tired , and yet , i cannot fall asleep . 
Why are audio books so stinking expensive ? Even when I want to download a book , not get the disks , it costs between 30 and 50 dollars .... so not fair 
< PROPFEMALE>'s newest word .. Foovie .. translation : movie lol 
Kate : she's gonna be one smart cookie , not that she wasn't smart already but-\ 
Rachel : but now she will be a cookie as well 
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ..... I'm pregnant !!! just had my first prenatal appointment . I'm only five weeks along and the baby is due March 29 
My sweet sweet husband had a bowl of watermelon waiting for me when I got up this morning , one of the few foods that doesn't seem to make me sick . I have the best sweetie in the world . 
Just got back from the hospital . Went in for dehydration , couple of iv's later i'm feeling a little better 
just ate the first real meal she's had in a week ... now hopefully just too keep it down .... 
kept down dinner , but feeling miserable this morning , already lost the little bit I've had to drink .... grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Feeling really really sick right now ... this is gonna be a long six weeks if it lasts til the end of my first trimester 
has been having some very real dreams .. when i woke up i was sure that we were going to have pizza for dinner ... 
wants another grown up in the house ... had to get some different anti-nausea med that make me way more sleepy than I'd like to be when i'm in charge of a toddler alone . 
went back to the ER today for dehydration again . They gave me a different kind of anti-nausea medication , but i'm slightly allergic so i also have to take benedryl ... so fun :( 
Is officially eight weeks pregnant , just a few more weeks and hopefully I'll be through this rough patch 
did some recording this morning , but was surprised how much it took out of me ... any energy I mighta had is gone now .. 
if looks could kill , I'd be dead by now ... killed by my toddler 
< PROPFIRST > started school today , it's a little weird to have him gone in the morning , luckily this morning i'm feeling okay , tired and a slight stomache ache , but coherent and able to be a mom . 
Heavenly father certainly helps us when we need it . I have had more energy and been able to take better care of my child and home today than I have for more than a month . I guess He knew I needed the extra help today with < PROPFIRST > at school . 
< PROPFEMALE > is napping , and I have a massive headache . I should be sleeping right now , but i can't get my mind to shut off 
went to bed an hour an a half ago . Got up five minutes later because an arrangement in my head was screaming at me to be let out . 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm ..... peach frozen yogurt 
So < PROPFEMALE > looooves < PROPFIRST > and the technicolor dreamcoat , she comes up to me and says \fovie\ " and then \ " jojo please \"" 
Woke up for the first time in weeks not feeling sick . kept down breakfast and a snack , and did a yoga mama workout ... feeling tired , but good .... it's such a nice change ... I hope it lasts 
is really sad because she has looked everywhere she can think of to find the battery charger for her camera , I wanted to do better about pictures of me pregnant this baby , but I don't think I can afford a new charger and the old one hasn't been seen since we moved .. maybe its just the pregnancy hormones , but it really makes me want to cry . 
Does anyone in the cedar city area have a battery charger for a Nikon Coolpix S220 I can borrow my charger has been missing since we changed apartments in June and I really wanted to put some preggo pictures in the next baby book I make 
trying to teach < PROPFEMALE > to say thank you i say \say thank you\ " her reply ? \ 
hates saturday nights ... 
I FOUND MY BATTERY CHARGER FOR MY CAMERA WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
so i found the battery charger , but now my computer stopped reading my memory card , it was fine one minute and then the next nothing , i've spent the last half hour in tears begging it to work 
A wonderful friend of mine is sharing her garden with us this year , and oh boy I loooooooooooove these fresh cucumbers ! 
hurt my back yesterday lifting < PROPFEMALE > went shopping for case lots today ... bad idea .... fortunately i had < PROPFIRST > for most of the heavy lifting , but those things take up a lot of room in a cart , we had to have 2 
I think < PROPFEMALE > may be ready for a toddler bed . I asked her \Do you want a nap ? \ " and she walked to her crib and waited for me to put her in then took her binky and lay down . " 
Lucy : Juice , juice ? \ 
Mama : What do you say ? \ 
Lucy : I say juice 
just finished making a BEAUTIFUL loaf of home made gluten free bread if it tastes as good as it smells i may have found a new mix that I like . \ 
In other news < PROPFEMALE > isn't feeling to good , she went to bed almost an hour ago and hasn't made a peep . 
\What is sickness to the body of a knight ? for each time he falls he shall rise again 
Is really sick ... and sad that she can't go to her concert tonight ... :( 
Does doing nothing ever feel overwhelming to anyone else ? 
yay bones !!! 
Is really grateful that the RS broadcast will be online , It is much easier not to have to drag < PROPFEMALE > out to see it ... 
The Relief Society broadcast was soooooooooo good . 
Doers it seem smoky today to anyone else in Cedar ? 
sick AGAIN !! aaagh !!! 
Why are the days that I am sick and tired the ones that < PROPFEMALE > refuses to nap or behave like her normal sweet self ? 
So today physical therapy made things feel a little worse , but i suppose that could be just because I am tired from being up all night coughing ... 
I do NOT seem to be getting better , and I'm not sure what to do , now in addition to the headache , sinus pressure , and chest congestion I can add vomiting and intense ear pain to the list , I went to the instacare clinic and the guy gave me stuff for what he said was wrong with me , but if this isn't better soon I may wind up going to the ER for a second oppinion ... :( 
Is grateful that conference will be in the ensign and on the Internet for later perusal . My ear is so stuffy and swollen I cannot hear much :( 
Couldn't finish therapy today , the pressure in my ear and head was too painful .. 
Soooooo sick . I am under my midwife's instructions to rest , drink lots of fluids and sit by my humidifier 24/7 
Way tired today , got up late and took two naps and all I want to do is curl up in bed for the night . 
The most romantic date EVER ... Our elder's quorum president chauffeuring us in the romantic glow of the hazard lights , as we are being towed home .... sniff sniff 
I don't know what to do I just woke up realizing that without a car I may not be able to get to an important appointment this morning that I have been to sick to go to for several weeks ... Anyone willing to give me a ride to a studio around 10 ? 
Feeling the effects of all the drinking I did last night ( no it's not what you think jk ) ... I drank five 16 oz water-bottles between 8 and 10 last night , every time I finished one < PROPFEMALE > would hand me another and I just drank it , I needed the water , but my pregnant bladder could only take so much . I had to get up four or five times in the middle of the night to use the bathroom . the effects this morning ? Exhaustion 
I might just be getting past this rough patch . I had enough energy to clean my livingroom and my bathroom today . And I'm still feeling pretty good ... I just might finish my checklist today that would feel really really good . 
Baby Poll : Boy or girl ? what do you think ? 
nothing like an appendectomy to ruin your weekend plans ... 
feeling better today . My incisions are still really sore , but I made it around the block today , and gave < PROPFEMALE > a bath . 
feeling a little baheebie geebied tonight ... Got stuff going through my head I really would rather not think about 
So we missed the < PROPMALE > Halloween party because I had surgery , but I don't know of anything else to take < PROPFEMALE > to in her costume . Even if I did know of something she's been coughing a lot at night so I don't know that I would want to take her outside for trunk or treating or trick or treating , anyway , maybe we'll just have to have a little family party on Sunday night when < PROPFIRST > is off I got Hocus Pocus ... 
so it's not even three o'clock on the day before Halloween and we just had our first trick-o-treaters lol . 
I'm thankful that my baby is healthy and that < PROPFEMALE > is turning into a big talker . 
I can grow people , what's your superpower ? 
Chris:That's what you get for thinking woman\ 
< PROPFEMALE > : < PROPFIRST > you are positively prime-evil\ 
Chris : why thank you < PROPFEMALE > , what say you to getting on < PROPFEMALE > craft and looking at my achievements\ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Maybe some other time\ 
Sound familiar ? anybody ? like that one Disney movie right ? 
massive headache , Tylenol is not cutting it . Oh how I wish there was something else to take while your pregnant 
I still don't understand Daylight Savings , but I think I get an extra hour before church tomorrow maybe we will make it on time to choir practice lol 
suddenly felt so sick that I lay down on the living room floor . I dozed off . when I woke up I found that < PROPFEMALE > had put on a movie , covered me with a blanket and answered her daddy on the phone ... what a smart kid\ 
now I am off to bed , but I just had to share 
IT'S A GIRL !!!!!!! 
So we found out that the baby is a girl and < PROPFEMALE > said she loved me for the first time today .... can a mother get any luckier ? 
has to brag about her amazing wonderful husband who surprised me by staying up after his shift ended at 1am to finish doing the dishes . I love you sweetie !!! 
Woke up starving this morning , thank goodness for the leftover pizza I made last night . 
Just found out that < PROPFIRST > will probably have to work during a good chunk of the day and into the night on thanksgiving , I hate being so far away from family , if I was closer at least I wouldn't have to be alone on the holiday :( ( sigh ) 
I had to pull < PROPFIRST > out of class today . some guy had followed me from one store to another , and then He was following me around cedar in a car . By the time I got hold of < PROPFIRST > and went to pick him up I had shaken the guy , but still I was a wreck . 
So I've been hearing a lot about these body scanner things , not sure how I feel about it . I've never been on a plane though , has any else had to deal with them ? and if so was it as big a deal as they are making it ? 
I am so ready to go to bed , I'm tired enough ... I should go to bed ... okay UP ... not working ... 
SO the weird prego dreams I don't mind so much , but last night I kept waking up from very vivid nightmares ... ( shudder ) 
Just made the most beautiful gluten-free pumpkin pie ever .... just hope it tastes as good as it looks 
Although I'm sad that I've seen the last of my sweetie for the night , I'm grateful for the time I got to spend with him today . 
I am sooooooooooo sick AGAIN . The baby really doesn't like all this coughing . 
Is there anyone in the Cedar City area who would be willing to watch < PROPFEMALE > on Friday night . I have a concert in st. < PROPFIRST > for my woman's choir , and < PROPFIRST > has to work . 
So I'm all for the end of child abuse , but I don't see what changing my profile picture to a cartoon does to help that . I'd rather have the picture I have of me and my daughter smiling together . 
< PROPFEMALE > is two today !!!! 
I FINISHED MY CD WOOOHHOOOOO !!! 
So We just got a 200$ < PROPMALE > from my surgery , granted that is a lot less than the surgery actually cost but I don't have an extra 200$ right now . Besides I thought I was going to get full coverage from medicaid ... 
I think Saturdays are currently the bane of my existence ... 
My iPod touch has a crack in it :( it's not super noticeable but it is concerning since I can't afford to replace it 
thank goodness for kind people , and mistakes that are easily fixed 
anybody ever watch 30 rock ? I'm looking for something new to watch and it caught my attention on netflix . Is it any good ? 
GIRLS NIGHT TONIGHT !!! Me and my sister are gonna chill tonight !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is so tired I put her to bed without a bath , and without dinner ( couldn't get her to eat anything ) I just hope that she stays asleep for the night and doesn't wake up at 3am or something . 
Heard the garbage truck coming up the street and looked out the door to realize that With school starting this morning my sweet husband forgot to put the can on the street , so I slipped on the first shoes I could ind and then went running out in the snow without a coat to lug the heavy can to the street . now I'm wheezing a little and i can't seem to stop . Man I miss Arizona at moments like this . 
how to say tricycle in two year old = wheeeeeeeeeee 
