Don't know if I can make it through the day already have 68hrs for this pay period that started on thur ! Woohoo ! 

I hate parking tickets ! :( 
Sad day .... I ate all of the cookie dough outta my chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream last night :( 
Quote of the day : \Wisdom begins in wonder . \ " -Socrates " 
I wish I could walk .... 
I am better at you than this ! 
:( 
Wow ..... feeling pretty shitty today . 
Yay VEGAS ! 
My goals : to get a tattoo and go see Thunder from down under ...... Haha 
Home sweet home . I just love Colorado ! 
Leap year and when in Rome are the cutest movies ever ..... so sweet 
Be who you are and say what you feel , those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter . 
If you really cared you would make time ....... Never make someone your priority if your just an option for them ! 
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting that they won't <3 
Why do nursing homes have to be open on holidays and why do I have to work doubles Haha 
Omg finally done with my 3rd double in a row , now only 2 more days left till I get a day off yay 
Loving this rain and thunder ! <3 
says use colored duct tape , it's not considered abuse just arts and crafts ! = -0 
Wow went on a 15 mile bike adventure today ! It was tiring but very fun . O ya and I'm very sun burned now .... my face and my hands are too yay always fun ! 
Yum ...... raspberry smoothies for lunch ..... ha with some bacardi . Does that count as a smoothie ? 
So I just decided that I'm gonna get a pomeranian schnauzer mix puppy and its gonna be so Damn cute 
Had a very productive day after work . Got my cleaning done and went on a nice long bike ride with < PROPFEMALE > ! Now it would be perfect if I was tired since I am working a double tomorrow ....... 
Yay no work today ! Gonna go on a bike ride 
2 of my fishies are dead :( and I thought I was doing so good how sad poor guys 
Sent home early from work cause I have a fever , no wonder I have been so exhausted the past few days .... I'm getting sick ! Well now its nap time ! 
Omg I just want to sleep , been up since 1 :( trying to keep occupied so I don't focus on the pain ..... 
Feels like there's something stuck in my throat but its just cause the sides of my throat are so swollen that they are touching the dangly thingy Haha . Crazy ! 
All my prayers to the firefighters trying to put out the fire who lost their homes :( so sad . Hope no more homes are burned down . 
Just got to Loveland from an amazing weekend in estes but man there's a huge fire that just started ! :( hope it gets put out very soon 
Fuck ya spiced pumpkin latte from 711 and I loovvee this weather ! 
Happy Veterans Day . Thanks to all who sacrifice for our country . 
Happy thanksgiving to everyone ! Especially my family and friends ! Love you all hope everyone has a relaxing filled with eating , drinking , and joy ! 
Omg 230 and I hafta be to work at 6 with state there and I can't sleep cause I'm so scared lol 
Love penis 
Everybody gets tomorrow off ..... why do I have to live right across the street from work and why can't nursing homes close for a day lol 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Lover lover lover you don't treat me no good no more no mooooore . I just love love that song lol . 
My song of the week : Let me down easy by < PROPFIRST > Currington ........ Love this song 
Penis on my mind 
Time to sleep so I can get up real early for work yay ..... 
