Happy New Years Everybody , Feliz Ano Nuevo !!!!! Joyeux Bonne Ane !! 

If Days are too long , use them wisely and if days are too short live them to the fullest !! 
Today was a good day :p .. I hungout with my bestfriend n it was my friends birthdays !!! I had a really good time . I had fun at their birthday party :) and ..... I did better than I had expected to do on my astronomy test .. Tomorrow is another test , a bio test so I hope i do well .. and tomorrow one of my friends is gonna cook n wer gona hangout . im lookin forward to seein her cz i havent seen her lately .. 
Life although I would like to say live it 24/7 often takes you by surprise or gives you surprises , perhaps unexpected or expected . Sometimes your loved ones have to leave you and sometimes they stay so take advantage always ... and if they leave you take advantage by remembering the little things they used to do or say and the happy moments you spent with them even if they werent enough for you cuz they are 
today was a better day , i went with my dad to see my lil brother play baseball :) my lil bro did good , he improved a lil more from last time when he played .. n then i been just here at home ... 
ABOUT TO GO EAT FISH , THE ACTUAL REAL WHOLE ONE .. PAPAS STYLE 
Another school day n I had a good time today , i < PROPMALE > out , i went to school n spent time with my sisters .. 
If luv was a virus , it would travel thru the horizons of ur heart and altho the heart is only as big as your fist , it would get lost somehow . It would try to fight your immunity towards it . Therefor luv is tryin to fight your immunity and survive as a virus because the heart as small as it is , needs lots of luv no matter what percent of it is clogged or cold or mean . The virus of luv needs to run through it . 
Estar enamorado es confundir la noche con los días Estar enamorado es ignorar el tiempo y su medida Estar enamorado es divisar la < PROPFEMALE > más pequeña Estar enamorado es olvidar la muerte y la tristeza Estar enamorado es ver el mar con árboles y rosas Estar enamorado es escuchar tu voz en otra boca Estar enamorado es respirar el aire más profundo Estar enamorado es confundir lo mío con lo tuyo , de < PROPMALE > 
Im now 20 years old !!! and I got a rocker punk haircut now :) 
had a good day today , went to the dentist , to school n < PROPMALE > out :) gettin ready for tmw , lookin forward to hanging out :) 
GO BRoncos !!! although they r losing :( but its ok .. wer still doing pretty good n going to the playoffs hopefully !!! 
Wat is in a number ? Wat is in a drop of rain ? Wat is in a feeling of touch ? Wat is in a name ? Wat is in a tear ? Wat is in a number is having its own language . Wat is in a drop of rain , is simply science . Wat is in a feeling of touch , is remembering it n treasuring its every moment . Wat is in a name , is what you make of it . Wat is in a tear , is its emotion and salt . Simply poetry , poems are wat they seem to be a puzzle 
Can't wait til Thanksgivin !!!!! Fun times , family time and gooodddd foooddd !!! ;D 
Its hailing in Moval ..... beautiful !! 
Gettin Ready For Christmass !!!!! cant wait till finals r over tmw n the pre christmas begins :D 
Finals r over !!!!!! !!! time to do more xmas shoppin n spend vacation time .... 
Happy cuz my sister is expecting another baby girl :D ima be an auntie again but this time for on the way < PROPFIRST > 
I hope everyone had a good Christmas n is enjoyin the holidays :) 
Enjoyin my vacations !!! 
Happy New Year :) \ 
Feliz Ano Nuevo 
Life is full of surprises !!!!! Appreciate wat u have :) Broncos didnt go to the playoffs this year but next year we should go fosho Good week so far 
Im Liking my Speech Class :D 
Rainy Weekend !! n more rain to come .. 
NOT so Rainy anymore :) !!! havin a good week at school , gettin ready for my presentation on wednesday for speech .. 
Week passed so quickly :) today was my friend's bday party , had fun !!! 
Gonna redye my hair today !!! red :D .. happy cuz my sister's birthday is comin up n gettin ready to finish Speech class next week n off to another semester :) gettin ready for the superbowl n my last speech presentation on monday 
Happy < PROPMALE > es Day Everybody !!!! <3 .. <3 .. Feliz < PROPFEMALE > de San < PROPMALE > .. abrazos y besos 
happy saint patricks day everyone !!! :) 
its the weekend alredy ;) had fun yesterday with my family , my sister < PROPFEMALE > came over n we went to ihop :) and on a hike ... today we ll see wat will come .. 
Thank you everybody for your good wishes n prayers :) Gracias todos por sus buenos deseos y oraciones .. :-) .. :-D 
Just finished writing a poem n i named it \ Oh boy\ " :) " 
Gona write another poem today and post up an older one today :) 
Just posted up the poem I wrote yesterday :) \You in the mountains \"" 
Im looking forward to today :-) some friends r coming over .. gona start a new poem this weekend , ima call it Charlies r Kids lol 
Happy Labor day everybody .. hope y'all enjoy .. 
Feeling sick :( got the flu 
Nice day today :) was my dad's official bday today n went to the doctors .. feeling much better 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone :) enjoy n be safe , n eat lotttss :D 
Yesterday was a nice day , spent time wit family n said goodbyes to family that came from Mexico :-) .. spent time drawing a tattoo like drawing yesterday for my cousin , came out good i believe .. 
Christmas is coming :) Ya mero viene la Navidad .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) to everybody\ 
Feliz Navidad a todos 
Just got back from the snow :-) was very fun !! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! 
Happy Valentines Day , Feliz < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Amor y de la Amistad 
