has tethered his iPhone to his MacBook ... Is Facebooking while driving illegal ? 

College cheerleaders keep getting younger and younger ... Or I am just getting older :( 
If compromising is so difficult for our politicians ... How can we expect kids to understand the concept ? 
I am going to make some sort of dessert and have no idea what to make . Anyone have any suggestions ? 
If WVU wins tonght ... I win the pool ! 
Working on Easter .... So dumb ... 
161 more games to go . :) 
I am going to attempt to replace a serpintine belt today ... I think I will video record the events and start my \How to make things Worse\ " series on Youtube ! " 
Je veux ton amour et je veux ton revenge . 
I would like to thank Bono for making me realize I do not have to be good at singing to do it . 
Why can't the Bills make moves like the Jets ? 
is kind of a big deal . ;) 
My cell is fully charged waiting for a phone call from the team that drafts me . 
Happy May Day everyone ! 
\Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart . \"" 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers out there ! 
Way to quit on your city Cavaliers ... 
3-0 Celtics ... Maybe < PROPMALE > will stay home for the next one too :) 
LAME !!!! Is the best way I can sum up the How I Met Your Mother season finale ... 
I might have broken a sweat thinking about working out . 
< PROPMALE > Galarraga got the short end of that stick ... 
Put a fork in me ... I am done ! 
Happy Father's day to all the Dads out there . 
Wait ... Wut !?!?!? 
I think I want to see another country . 
Earthquake ! 
That earthquake was crazy ! I am glad I was able to feel it . 
If Lebron goes to Miami it will be like Team USA from the < PROPFEMALE > games without the guy who actually won the game :) 
thinks it would be cool to be a vampire . 
If science fundamentally changes our understanding of the universe and stuff I learned in school is false ... Can I get my money back ? 
Hear counsel , and receive instruction , that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end . - Proverbs 19:20 
17h 20m ! 
Armageddon reminds me why we are lucky to have < PROPMALE > Aflack . Without him we would have been struck by an asteroid ! 
Happy SC2 release day !!! 
I hit the edge of the Internet and there is nothing worth watching on TV . :( 
I'm only happy when it rains . 
Does anyone have opinions on DSLR cameras ? 
I go to get my telescope out and the clouds come rolling in ... 
Anyone have any links to info about gluten free foods ? 
Football !!! 
Ordered from the Gluten Free menu at UNO's . They served my salmon with a bread stick ... 
Watching the 700 club . 
Poor < PROPMALE > ... I hope he finds a team and lights it up . Too bad his first 2 games couldn't have been against a defense like the patriots . 
Skynet has become self aware . 
I liked football better when there was a team in Buffalo . 
I think I love The Grainless Baker ! 
I don't want to grow up , I'm a Toys ' R Us kid , there's a million toys at Toys ' R Us that I can play with ! More bikes , more trains , more video games , it's the biggest toy store there is ! I don't want to grow , because then if I did , I wouldn't be a Toys ' R Us kid ! 
Between me and my brother , we know everything . 
Working on the weekend is fun ... 
I just found out I have the coolest Grandma in the world ! She took my little cousins to the race track and casino ! 
Finally signed up for the netflix . 
Did you know that the polar caps of Mars are also melting ? 
I should really start my packing . 
It sure doesn't feel like 4:25 in the morning ... 
Diablo 3 is the awesome ! 
Only a few more hours left to get into trouble in CA and the party is across the hall . 
No trick or treaters again this year ! Maybe next year I will turn on some lights . LOL ! 
Happy election day ! Remember to vote early and vote often ! 
I figure this is a good place to announce that ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Christian friends . Good morning to all the peeps who don't celebrate the birth of Jesus . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes :) 
Should I watch the Super Bowl or Titanic II ? 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Just scheduled my first lesson ! w00t ! 
First violin lesson down ! 
I learned how to play jingle bells ! 
D D A A B B A G G F# F# E E D 
I love the start of the baseball season ... The Pirates are on track to win 162 games this season ! 
