So , my New Year resolution for 2010 is ... To not make any resolutions , I n < PROPFEMALE > r keep them anyway . Plus , people should want to make positive changes all year long not just because it's a new year ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone has LOTS of fun this < PROPFEMALE > ! Be safe !! 

Time to get back into the groove of things without \Gi-Gi\ " here :( School starts on the 6th so I better find that groove fast !! ;) " 
LoTs oN tHe MinD ... CaN't BeLiEve mY BaBy BoY iS 2 yeaRs oLd ... AdaM JoiNinG tHe NaTioNaL GuaRd aS a MediCaL oFFiceR ... i HaVe QuiT SmokiNg ... 
juSt haNginG ouT iN < PROPMALE > wiTh MoM/GraMMy ... pLaYinG & ThinKinG ... 
EnJoYinG tHe beAutiFuL fLoriDa WeaTheR wiTh mY sWeeT LittLe maN oN tHe BeaCh !! iT's The SiMpLe ThiNgs ... 
Getting ready for a LONG weekend while < PROPFIRST > is away at drill :( Aiden and I are going to try and keep busy .... 
I survived Sesame Street live with Aiden all by myself !! Ha Ha !! ;) 
Getting ready to take Aiden to visit daddy at work ... ok , more like trying to get Aiden ready ;) 2year old + Boy = No cooperation 
Looking forward to < PROPFEMALE > coming over this afternoon with the kids ... entertainment for Aiden ;) 
Does not understand . I don't understand anything about this ... does he like seeing me in more pain than I can handle ? I am a fool to have believed he would change , I feel like such an idiot . What part of \forsaking all others\ " is so hard to understand ? I am just so confused in all of this ... please pray for me . " 
I just want to sleep ... I want to be able to easily fall asleep , wake up and find that this whirlwind of crap was all just a very , very bad dream . I know life's not fair and sometimes things don't always work out the way you hope they will but , I really didn't see all of this coming ... this is not what I signed up for . 
People pay for what they do , and still more , for what they have allowed themselves to become . And they pay for it simply : by the lives they lead . ~ Edith Wharton 
GREY'S ANATOMY starts back up tonight ... 2 hour episode ... Yes , I am looking forward to 2 long , selfish hours of staring at the TV ;) 
Oh Geez !! I am a dork !! I am so out of my head lately I thought it was Thursday !! I would have totally been laying on the couch at 7pm .. waiting .... waiting ... and then probably start to cry after I realized what an idiot I was ... THanks < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Ahhhh ... we finally had a cold front come in last night ... the weather today is PERFECT ... if only it felt this way year round !! Going to enjoy the day with my sweet/out-of-control little boy ;) 
MommY aNd AiDeN aRe oN tHeiR OwN FoR tHe nExT 8 DaYs WhiLE DaddY LeaVes FoR NaTioNaL GuaRd DutiEs :( ( WisH Me LucK ... Ha ! ) 
It's nearly the middle of October and we are still in our bathing suits on the beach ... isn't it supposed to be getting cool outside ?? Soooo ready for some fall weather !!! 
Forgiving is love's toughest work , and love's biggest risk . If you twist it into something it was never meant to be , it can make you a doormat or an insufferable manipulator . Forgiving seems almost unnatural . Our sense of fairness tells us people should pay for the wrong they do . But forgiving is love's power to break nature's rule . 
Only 3 more days until our \GiGi\ " (Aiden's grammy ) is here ... We are SoOoO excited ... Mommy LovEs to Visit with heR Mommy ;) " 
Daddy is off to go hunting with the boys .... Mommy , Gi-Gi and Aiden are getting ready for \TRICK -OR- TREAT !!! \"" 
WoW ... that's it , just ... WoW . 
So , I decided to finally see what all the madness surrounding the \Twilight\ " series was all about and watched the movie last night . I can only say that I am now searching every bookstore in my area to try and find the \ " New Moon\ " book ... I do not want to wait for the movie .... I am officially addicted ... " 
Perhaps I could find the book and a creepy , amazingly handsome , romantic vampire to go with it ... like a 2 for 1 kind of deal ;) 
Really need to be studying for test tonight ... I have to pass it , don't need another class to take in the spring ... perhaps I should try to reschedule ? Hmmm ... 
Wow ... very sad/disturbing to hear of the news on Ft . Hood today ... Did we really have people that screwed up in the head protecting our country ? That's good to know ... (( sarcasm )) 
Figures , the last couple weeks of hurricane season and mother nature drops < PROPFEMALE > right on top of us ... in for a long night of 60 mph winds and non-stop rain ... blah !! 
This is the only downfall to living on the water in the \sunshine\ " state ... " 
< PROPFIRST > has drill this weekend so Aiden and I will be keeping busy .... it shouldn't be hard , this weather is AMAZING !! Perhaps the outlet mall in SanDestin ? Hmmm ... 
ArrrGGhhh ... I sprained my damn wrist this weekend and I am just now able to somewhat type ... mostly one handed ;) ... all bandaged up and taking the good meds for pain ;) ... < PROPFIRST > is either up to no good or he's really a changed man because the laundry is done , Aiden is bathed , dinner was made , my house is clean and he did it all after seeing patients all day !! WoW , I need to sustain injuries more often ;) 
Had a GREAT Thanksgiving , just the three of us ... very easy , no expectations . After dinner we all went to the movies ... mommy finally got to see New < PROPFEMALE > and Daddy and Aiden went to see Planet 51 !! 
Mom ... You are the strongest woman I have ever known , things will work out . Keep being the super-woman that I know you are ... I LOVE YOU !! Aiden will be there to brighten your days soon enough ;) 
Although at times it has been very , very hard we have made it 3 years ... feels like 30 doesn't it babe ? ;) HAPPY ANNIVERSARY ADAM ... I LOVE YOU ... ALL THE TIME ;) 
Going to finish our Christmas shopping today !!! Yes , < PROPFIRST > is actually going to shop for Christmas presents this year before Christmas Eve ... I don't believe it ;) Time for a day of long lines and spending too much money !! Woo Hoo ! 
While everyone else is counting down days until Christmas , we are counting down the days until grandma is here !!! Mommy and Daddy's BREAK TIME !! YEA !!! ;) 
People spend a lifetime searching for happiness ; looking for peace . They < PROPMALE > idle dreams , addictions , religions , even other people , hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them . The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ALL !! WE HAD A WONDERFUL CHRISTMAS MORNING ... WHY IS IT THE ONE DAY OF THE YEAR HE IS SUPPOSED TO WAKE UP EARLY , AIDEN DECIDES TO SLEEP IN UNTIL 11AM ??!! I WAS THE ONE AWAKE AT THE CRACK OF < PROPFEMALE > ! ;) 
Hope everyone has an amazing 2011 !! We had fun ringing it in with Aiden , < PROPFEMALE > and some sparkling juice !! Good times <3 
So , < PROPFIRST > just realized that one of the courses I am taking this semester is the same exacy course that he taught while he was in medical school !! He has all of the instructor manuals , etc ... WOW , I wonder if that is considered cheating ?! ;) 
blah , blah , blah .... la , la , la , laaaaaa .... 
Class at 6:30 ... wondering if I should leave < PROPFIRST > a detailed note on dinner for he and Aiden(since he doesn't usually have to deal with it ) ... I know he's capable but sometimes I wonder ;) 
My middle sister < PROPFEMALE > has lost it . Everything that SHE has done to HERSELF is always someone else's fault . I am sick of seeing and hearing about the way she treats my mom , the one person who has never turned away from her and still tries to help her when she falls . She is SELFISH , OUT OF CONTROL and really needs to think about the hurt and pain she is causing to the people that do care for her . 
Hmmm ... Saturday with my little man while daddy is away at drill ... what to do ... too cold for a bike ride ?? Hmm ... 
Rain , Rain .... Go away ... come again another day .... Although this kind of day is PERFECT for what I have planned .... EXAM review !!! UGH ! 
Homework done ... for now ... time to catch up on \The Bachelor\ " I missed it this past week and I am addicted this season for some reason ... figures the one season I would care about it I am also busting ass in school !! Whatever ... " 
Why is it that from the moment I wake up in the morning , it's go , go , go ... Aiden ... school ... husband ... puppies ... homework and more homework and when I finally get a < PROPMALE > to stop and look at the clock it's after midnight already !!! Where does the time go and why can't there be more of it in one day !!!??? 
Wooo Hooo !! I just won $215.00 on one scratch off lottery ticket ... I don't know what compelled me to buy it but I sure am glad I did !! Must be my lucky birthday weekend , kind of funny that bday is 2-15 and I won $215 ... hmmmm .... 
i really need to get some sleeeeeeep !!! My mind is working on over-drive .... 
Heading to the playground with Aiden and mid-term reviews ... let's see how much I actually get to review ;) 
Seriously , I think the more I study for exams , the less prepared I feel ... what's the deal ??!! Maybe I should stop studying altogether ... I'll let you know how that goes ! ;) 
Dear God , Please just help me pass my exam today .... and next week too , if you don't mind . :) Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > 
Trying to get a trip to < PROPMALE > planned ... so far it looks like we may be there end of this week through April 2nd .... I need some H-TowN !! ;) 
10 hour trip with my almost 3 year old little boy went amazingly well ... he behaved better than most adults I know would have !! Such a big boy !! We arrived at \Gi-Gi's\ " house around 10pm safe and sound !! Time to pass out ... soooo tired from the loooong day in the car !! Miss my hubby and puppies :( " 
Time to check out the outlet mall by \Gi-Gi's\ " house while I have people to occupy Aiden !! Look out credit cards .... here I come !! " 
< PROPMALE > trip is coming to an end :( Always sucks to leave but Aiden and I miss daddy and the puppies !! Hit the road back home tomorrow ... hopefully Aiden does as well going home as he did coming here !! Fingers crossed !! 
4 states and 9 hours ... we made it home last night just in time for mommy to play the Easter < PROPFEMALE > !! Happy Easter to all .... Aiden is off to hunt for his eggs filled with $$ !! 
It's days like this that remind me how LUCKY I am to have a house on the beach !! Perfect day .... not too hot , water feels nice .... LOVE IT !! 
It is wayyyyy too beautiful outside to be dealing with studying for finals inside .... perhaps I will attempt to take the books to the beach ??! 
Well ... Adam , Aiden and I are happy to announce that our little family will soon be getting a little bit bigger ... New baby brother or sister for Aiden coming in December !! Aiden is sooo excited !! 
I LoVe when my husband tells me how pretty he thinks I am .... especially when I have been feeling sick all day and in no way resemble pretty in any shape or form !! Thanks babe ! ;) 
What a rainy , crappy day ... Aiden finally went down for a nap so I guess it's time to curl up on the couch with my Kindle and read ... I know , I know ... I lead such an EXCITING life !! ;) 
Why in the world do the Red Wings do that !!!??? They are ready to be sunk at 3-0 games and then end up winning game 4 at home with a ridiculous amount of goals !!?? Not complaining , just wish they played that way oh , lets say the past 3 games !! Hope they are still as supernatural on the 8th in shark territory !! GO WINGS !!!! 
Breakfast in bed , presents , day at the beach , a nap , yummy seafood dinner , more presents , Aiden singing me some songs ... had an amazing mothers day !! I hope all the super moms I know had just as great of a day yesterday as I did !! 
trying to decide if Aiden and I are going to make a \quick\ " trip to < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > this weekend or not ... < PROPFIRST > is going to a job interview with an Ortho/trauma group right down the street from my parents house ... EXCITING !!! " 
Sitting at the hair salon and the lady sitting next to me is slopping her mouth all around chewing the crap out of some gum ... I am seriously annoyed ... close your mouth for gods sake ! gross !! 
USAA auto insurance SUCKS !!! They are complete MORONS and 90% of the people I talk to there have NO CLUE what they are doing ... mine as well have a 4 year old handling our claim !!!!!!!!! 
Last minute decision ... packing , going to Dr. ' s appt then rolling out to make our way to Houston .... plan on being there by 3ish tomorrow afternoon ... woo hoo !! 
Wide awake at 7:30 am laying in hotel bed in Baton Rouge , LA .... Aiden and < PROPFIRST > are in the bed next to me and they are taking turns mocking a chainsaw ... gosh , they both snore so bad !! Ugh ... guess I should go ahead and shower so we can continue our journey to < PROPMALE > when they decide to rise and shine !! 
Well , < PROPFIRST>'s interviews went very well on Monday ... he ended up interviewing with a practice in < PROPMALE > and a practice in < PROPFIRST > !! Aiden and I sent him home and decided to stay with \Gi-Gi\ " for a little bit longer ;) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Going to enjoy the weekend in < PROPMALE > with the family .... then heading back to the Sunshine state on Sunday !! Miss my hubby !! 
Getting ready to head out of < PROPMALE > to meet < PROPFIRST > in Baton Rouge ... then staying a nice night in the < PROPMALE > downtown then back home tomorrow !! Good times ! 
heading back to the beach(home ) today ... although the view from our hotel on the mississippi river was beautiful ! gonna miss Gi-Gi lots ! 
HOME SWEET HOME !!!! So very tired from the car ride ... ready to sleep in my bed again !! 
Well , I will not be completely alone this pregnancy ... my sister April is expecting her 1st in < PROPFIRST > !! We are about a month and a half apart !! How nice it is to share this experience with not only your friend but your sister !! I am so happy for her and < PROPFIRST > !! 
Wow ! I don't know what I've been doing but I cannot believe it is already June 1st !! My little boy will be 3 years old in 2 weeks !!! Oh my !! 
Trying to make our plans for Aiden's 3rd birthday trip to Disney World !! He is soooo ready !! For that matter , so am I !! ;) 
Well , because I am a sucker I went ahead and bought the \Intelligender\ " gender prediction test < PROPFEMALE > and it says GIRL !! Guess we will find out for sure in a few weeks !! " 
Ugh !! I cannot find my I-Pod ... how am I supposed to excercise without my I-Pod !!?? Where are you ??!! Seriously !!?? 
It's too early to be awake !!! Have to take < PROPFIRST > to work this morning ... Porsche is still in the shop ... BLAH !! I hate that car !! 
Doctor appointment this afternoon , bringing Aiden along ... let's see how a 3 year old and the OB-GYN's office handle eachother ... This ought to be interesting ;) 
Ultrasound ths afternoon with the doctor pretty much confirmed .... IT's A GIRL !! Baby Girl Hoffman on the way !!! I'll post ultrasound pics as soon as I get them scanned ... ok , now to come up with some names so I can stop saying \Girl Hoffman\ " ;) " 
Does anybody actually watch Jersey Shore ?? It's giving me a headache and I'm usually all about the pointless reality shows ... oh well . 
Oops ... MTV censors screwed up & just allowed the F = BOMB to be dropped live on TV !! That's gonna get them an email or two !! Haaa !! 
Love , Love , Love < PROPFEMALE > Bullock !!! What a strong woman ... she is simply amazing to me !! 
WOOO HOOO My pretend husband just won Best Male and Global SUPERSTAR !! He is Soooo YUMMY !! 
Wow ! Ok , MTV dropped a whole lot of F-bombs there towards the end ... Wow ! 
Time to start getting the house in order for parents visit this weekend ... then Disney and Universal for Aiden's Bday next week !! WooHoo !! 
What !!??!! A so-called \expert\ " on MSN said that birds soaked from BP oil spill in Gulf should killed rather than anyone attempting to clean and free them !!?? What kind of stupid ass \ " expert\ " is that ?! I am assuming one of BP's brainless \ " experts\ " ... makes me so mad !!! " 
Just released the turtles we bought a little over a year ago into the wild ... There new home is a really nice pond at our favorite park , they will have lots of turtle friends to play with ... I still feel kind of sad , they had really grown on me :( 
Ugh , the doctor says I need to gain more weight this trimester ... He needs to speak for himself !! I eat EVERYTHING and all that keeps growing is my uterus , isn't that what's supposed to happen ?! I guess he wants me to be borderline diabetic and over weight during my pregnancy !! Whatever ! 
Time for \So You Think You Can Dance\ " .... eeeee Love it !! ;) " 
Mmmm , strawberries , whipped cream and vanilla yogurt ... it's my treat for the day !! Seems like all I crave lately is fresh fruit and veggies ... no complaints there !! ;) 
The countdown is on ... My parents will be here this evening ... YEAAAAA !!! 
3 years ago at 4:52 am our sweet baby boy joined us in the world !!! Happy 3rd Birthday Aiden ... Mommy & Daddy LOVE you SOOOOO much !! Let's have LOTS of fun at Disney World this week !! Woo Hoo !! 
Made it home after a looonng 4 days in < PROPMALE > , Aiden had a GREAT birthday !! However , there is nothing like a 7 hour drive in the car to remind you how pregnant you really are ... my whole body is killing me !! Ugh ... recovery time for sure !! 
Happy Fathers Day to the BEST dad I know ... My husband !! Aiden is so very lucky to have you as a daddy ... Thank you for everything you do , always !! We love you ... enjoy your special day ;) 
Had a nice time at the beach today for daddy's day ... despite rumors no oil has touched the beautiful beaches here ... clear blue water , perfect white sand .... Only downfall of the day was dropping \Gi-Gi\ " off at the airport :( " 
Our poor little boy is SICK ... running fever since last night ... at least he's been sleeping it off most of the day , I'm listening to him snore on the couch next to me right now ;) Poor thing !! 
Aiden starts his first day of \summer camp\ " today !! He is so excited ... why am I so nervous ... dropping him off is going to be so strange !! " 
Watching New < PROPFEMALE > at the theatre ... up next ... ECLIPSE !! Soooo ready !! 
Seriously !!! My phone is so LOST ... well , actually at this point stolen ... will let everyone know when I replace it ... I'll post my home # in the meantime as soon as I figure out what that is ;) \ 
SO ANNOYING !!!! 
Finally got my new phone ! Thank you lord ! Life just never seems complete without your cell :) 
Happy 4th to all !! We are looking forward to a nice relaxing day on the beach followed by fun and fireworks this evening !! Yea !! 
Watching my 2nd favorite show of the summer ... Boston Med !! ( 1st is True Blood ... always !! ) ;) 
Ugh ... I am starting to really LOOK pregnant !! I have officially altered my favorite < PROPFIRST > shorts with a rubber band so I don't have to give them up just yet !! Ha !! Also , I don't give a hoot this go round ... I am going to proudly sport my 2 peice bikini !! If you don't like it don't look !! 
MAN !! I HATE it when True Blood ends !!! Gotta wait a whole week before I get to see it again !! AAGGGHHH !!! 
I am kind of OVER it !! At what age do adults actually start to GROW UP !!?? 
Time for some BOSTON MED !!! Daddy has Aiden and I have the couch ;) HaHa !! 
Ugh , been on the couch all day with a terrible headache ... maybe watching True Blood will help relieve it ;) 
Reading on my Kindle and listening to < PROPFIRST > and Aiden play Batman on the Wii ... actually , Aiden is just screaming directions at < PROPFIRST > telling him how things are supposed to be done ;) Darn video games , I swear ! 
Well ... we are officially packing it up and heading to < PROPMALE > !! < PROPFIRST > has accepted a nice offer with a Neurosurgical practice in the area ... it's going to be tough leaving the beach but at least we are leaving it to be closer to family ;) Now , if we can just find a nice house in the next few weeks ... this should be interesting .... 
Well , I'm back ... after 2 days in the hospital I can officially say ... THEY SUCK ! The food is crap and it smells funny ! Hopefully on the road to recovery ... Sister is flying in this afternoon to help < PROPFIRST > take care of Aiden and I ... Love her !!! 
making our way to < PROPMALE > for the week ... look out ! 
Aiden and I are still in Houston ... getting ready to see/talk to daddy on Skype !! 
I have such an amazing 3 year old little boy ! he makes me smile ! 
Finally made it back to Florida ... You would not believe the difference in temp from < PROPMALE > to here ... WAY cooler here and less humid ... much better !! ;) 
Why does life have to throw so many difficult decisions at you while you are 6 months pregnant and caring for a 3 year old ??! Seriously !! I guess , this too shall pass .... 
These Transformers toys are like trying to figure out a dang Rubik's cube !! What the hell !! 
I've carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night by a feverish child and more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mom , and there is no greater blessing . Repost this if you are a proud mom ? 
Exactly 3 months left of this being pregnant crap !! I swear I feel like I'm already going to pop ... how is it possible to still have 3 months left !!?? Let the time fly ... tick ... tock ... 
So nice outside today ... very nice day to be on the water at the beach !! Ahhhh !!! 
Well , it's just me and Aiden for the next 3 days ... Daddy is gone for National Guard duties ... let's see what kind of trouble we can get into without him ;) 
My hubby is headed home !! Thank goodness because tonight is the season finale of TRUE BLOOD ... couldn't have let Aiden watch that one with me ... yikes ! ;) 
I really liked Eminem's performance on the VMA's tonight ... gonna be a good show ... LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Handler as well !! 
LET'S GO CLEMSON !!! 
As if I didn't have enough to deal with this pregnancy , I have now been diagnosed with Diabetes as well ... Have to check my blood levels 4 times a day , etc ... this should be FUN !! 
I am finding it hard to believe that yesterday was the first official day of Fall !!? The only indication of Summer being over here is all the tourists have gone home ;) 
So excited ... I can finally take Aiden to the park without dying of a heat stroke !! What a nice day it is !! 
Don't know what the deal is .... I am SO tired today , can hardly keep my eyes open !! Too bad Aiden does not feel the same way ... dang . 
I will not be the least bit surprised if this baby comes out doing the River dance like a pro ... can't sleep or even relax because of all the \adjustments\ " she insists on doing in my uterus !! I keep trying to explain to her that she is getting bigger and space is just going to be limited ... my goodness !! " 
Getting Aiden and I ready for our trip to < PROPMALE > on Saturday morning ... it will be Aiden's 1st time flying in an airplane that he will know whats going on , he even gets his very own seat by the window ;) 
getting ready to board our airplane !! hopefully flight is on time ! 
ugh ! at the wal mart by moms house in < PROPMALE > and it is out of control ! only like 2 lanes open on a Sunday evening , Wtf ?!! seriously ! 
It's actually a nice weather day in < PROPMALE > , TX !!! Going shopping for sister's baby shower might actually be alright without 100 degree weather ;) 
Missing my husband and puppies <3 
Flying home today ... VERY ready to be at home <3 
We made it home !! So happy to see daddy and sleep in my own bed with my hubby ! <3 
I think I can , I think I can , I think I can .... just trying to channel the little engine that could ... hoping it helps ! 
I am getting very anxious to meet this little girl in my tummy face to face ... she is clearly making her point that it is no longer that comfy in mommy's belly ;) 4 more weeks to go ( if not sooner ) <3 
getting ready to see megamind with my sweet boy !! 
I actually had to turn on the heater early this morning !! We are under a freeze warning the rest of the weekend ... WOW ! I have to say , being 8 months pregnant is soooo much nicer in the cool weather !! 
I am really missing my husband ... damn National Guard ... hoping our daughter waits until he gets home to make her grand entrance into the world ! 
Just got done talking to Adam ... my pregnancy aches and pains are nothing compared to what kind of hell he is dealing with ... today they were put through tear gas and he said it was the WORST thing he has ever gone through ... my poor husband :( Miss and Love you baby ... you're in my heart all the time <3 See you soon !! 
Soooo VERY THANKFUL that my mommy is here with Aiden and I for Thanksgiving !! I am not sure what I would do without her right now ... I feel like I am 9 1/2 months pregnant and it's hard to get up and down much less keep up with a 3 year old and worry about making dinner ! Thank you mom , I <3 you !! 
Yet another reason I am thankful today ... My hubby is driving home for Thanksgiving today !!! I am sooo excited to see him and spend time with him ! So happy he has the weekend to be with us !! Happy Thanksgiving <3 
Just had my final Dr. appt . before surgery on Monday morning ... 5 more days and we will finally get to meet our baby girl !! Soooo ready !! 
<3 Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign for children's rights . End violence against children . <3 
It's going to be very hard to sleep tonight ... anxious about getting up and heading to the hospital at 4:30 am ... even more anxious to meet my new baby girl hopefully before 8am !! Just a whole lot of excitement going on in my head right now ;) 
mom and baby doing well . pics and updates to follow 
Mommy and baby get to come home today , mommy will post update and pics later . Daddy is not very facebook literate , ha ! ( mommy told me to post that ) 
Wow , being at home with my new baby girl and her big brother is the most AMAZING feeling !! Recovery from surgery is slow going but worth every second ! I will post some pictures as soon as I can get them all transferred to my laptop ;) \ 
Thank you for all the sweet comments , you guys ROCK <3 \ 
BIG THANK YOU to my mommy and Aunt April for being here to help out !! Don't know what I'd do without you guys this week !! 
<3 I am so happy to be married to such a wonderful man . Not only is he an amazing husband but he is the best daddy ever !! I love you very much < PROPFIRST > , you are my everything and more ... HAPPY ANNIVERSARY <3 
Happy Birthday to the greatest hubby and daddy I know ... Aiden , < PROPFEMALE > and I LOVE you very , very much !! Have a fantastic day my love <3 
Aiden took daddy on a birthday date to see the Yogi Bear movie so < PROPFEMALE > and mommy are just hanging out on the couch catching up on some TV time ;) 
Why is it that the one morning both kids decide to sleep in I am wide awake ??!! So frustrating I tell you !! 
Aiden and I are making the cookies for < PROPFEMALE > ... aka : the cookies that daddy will eat later and then tell Aiden < PROPFEMALE > LOVED them !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! The greatest gift I received was the look on Aidens face when he woke up and saw all his \santa\ " presents under the tree !! I would do anything to see that face over and over again !! He LOVED all his presents so much ... what a special gift for < PROPFIRST > and I !! " 
Finally getting my hair done !! Thank you wonderful husband for watching the babies this afternoon , you rock ! 
can't wait , getting our new treadmill tonight !! woo hoo ! 
My baby sister is going to be a mommy today !! Sending her love vibes from Florida ... We will be there soon my lil ' bit ... can't wait to meet my little boy Logan <3 
On the phone with mom while little sister is PUSHING .... come on baby < PROPFIRST > !! He's almost here !!!! 
He has arrived ... Logan < PROPFIRST > Hedrick !! So proud of you my sweet little bit !! Great job !! 
Enjoying some mall time all by myself ... 
Having some much needed mommy and aiden time at the park !! Love my little boy , he's so much fun to be around ! 
I actually got a nice run in today before 8pm ... both the kids napped at the same time for 2 solid hours !! I even got a shower too !! ;) 
Wow , trying to get 2 kids and myself packed for < PROPMALE > trip is exhausting !! Going to be well worth it though ... cannot wait to see my mom , little bit(April ) and baby < PROPFIRST > !! Aiden is beside himself with excitement !! 
Headed out ... next stop H town !! 
oh my gosh , aiden has started the \are we there yet\ " ... gonna be a long day ! " 
Had a fun night , April and I had a sister and baby slumber party at moms house ! April and < PROPFIRST > passed out 1st ... Alyssa and mommy win !! ;) 
Having GOOD TIMES at Gi-Gi's house ... Aiden and I were able to go on a date yesterday all by ourselves while Gi-Gi and < PROPFEMALE > played at home ! Love being back at my mom's! 
Missing my < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you hubby ! Hope you and the pups are enjoying the quiet house ;) 
Feel bad for everyone without power ... we have had zero issues at mom's house so far ... All the sisters and babies are just hanging out inside Gi-Gi's warm house ! 
It would be so nice if it SNOWS in TEXAS while we are here visiting !!! Aiden is so ready to play in some snow ! 
Still awake ... Aiden decided to take a late nap today and is just now in bed asleep ... oh the joys of being at Gi-Gi's house ! ;) 
I miss you husband !! I promise we are going to come home sometime this year ;) \ 
Aiden wanted to remind you to check on his butterflies for him .... also give our puppies some xoxo's from us ! Muah ! 
Looking forward to watching the Superbowl with the family ... well , not so much the football as the commercials and half time show ;) 
My little man is sick , fever and sore throat ... the worst part is we are still in Houston ... taking him to see a pediatrician this afternoon and he is not very happy about the fact that it's not going to be his regular Dr. ! 
Missing my HUBBY ... Starting to feel like we've taken up permanent residence at \Gi-Gi's\ " house ;) Miss home but I am really enjoying the family time <3 " 
I know I should think this more often but ... I really do have 2 of the best kids in the world ! Aiden is such an amazing and smart little man and < PROPFEMALE > is a very good baby ! I am just feeling extra blessed today <3 
Whew , late night staying up with mom and April playing Wheel of Fortune + early morning with all the babies = Tired < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Pretty day in < PROPMALE > , TX ... Aiden and Gi-Gi went to enjoy the weather at the park ... Alyssa and Pa-Pa are hanging out ... what oh what should mommy do ?? Shopping or Laundry ?? Hmm ... tough choice ;) 
Ready to watch the Grammy's with mom , < PROPFEMALE > and Aiden ;) Pa-Pa made some yummy dinner for us to enjoy while we watch ! 
<3<3<3 Wishing everyone a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s Day <3<3<3 \ 
I love you husband sooo much ... wish you were here !! No worries though , I have my other ( little ) man to be my < PROPFIRST > today ;) 
Oh well it's the last year of my twenties ! Wow , where did time go !? Planning on a fun day of shopping and then some game time with my little man ! 
I just wanted to thank everyone , friends and family who wished me a happy birthday ... you all made me feel very special today ... <3 Thank you <3 
Just got back from Monkey Bizness jumpy place with Aiden ... Boy , that place will WEAR YOU OUT !! I am already feeling sore muscles from climbing and jumping on everything with my little man !! Nap time !! 
finally on our way back to the sunshine state ! Can't wait to be back at home ... 3 weeks away is too long ! 
At home safe and sound ! Feels great to be here . Now I just need some motivation to unpack all of our crap ! 
Watching Tosh . 0 with my hubby ... cracking up , so freaking funny ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has to go to doctor today and get shots ... well , aiden said he will hold her hand only if he does not have to get some too ! Such a sweet big brother ! 
Watching the Oscars with my hubby and baby girl ... Aiden is already snoozing ! ;) 
It's a beautiful day in the sunshine state ... going to take my babies to the zoo ! 
My little boy is growing up too fast ... tonight he told us he didn't want to take a bath , he wanted to take a shower and not with mom or dad helping him ! Such a big boy ! 
11pm on Friday night and everyone is already sound asleep ... even my hubby ! I am going to enjoy the silence and catch up on some TV shows ... it's amazing what a good Friday night is to me now versus one 5 years ago ;) 
It is amazing days like today that I feel extra THANKFUL that I live in a house on the beach ! PERFECT weather for being out there today ! 
If you don't hear from me that probably means I was swallowed whole while attempting to clean up Aidens play room ! This child has more crap than he knows what to do with ! 
I LOVE my hubby ! He got mommy her i pad !! Loving it ... very cool ! 
< PROPFIRST > is gone for Army duties all weekend ... sucks ... these are the weekends I wish we lived closer to < PROPMALE > :( 
We leave for Disney World on Friday ... guess I better start packing for everyone now ! ;) 
