going to work wooo ! ima be a drunk plow man 

sick blah 
who wants to come snowboarding with me sunday ? 
all that money put into my car ! fucking bull shit do NOT by a DSM 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone tonight ! wtf people 
is going to < PROPMALE > 
wants to drink tonight 
redbull and vodka 
going to work then hittin up < PROPMALE > . woo 
ride for hours , supply the flowers 
WOOO GONNA TEAR IT UP IN CLASS 
ill go out of my way for my friends and no one will pick me up . 
class ! is gay 
at school listening to some dude about pedaling herion . what a nice guy 
stop falling asleep and drive the fuck up here ! 
i am an old man 
my car woke up my new neighbors :D 
Remember , every time a turbo spools , or a blow off valve sounds , an angel gets it's wings . And don't forget , God loves you , as long as you own a DSM . 
i got pulled over for drag racing , and the cop let me go . i am confused . 
picking up tj . im gonna teach him how to get headshots in call of duty :D 
have to put duke down today =( 
no one to play with in the morning ! FUCK YOU ANIMAL CONTROL 
picking up my little guy 
going to < PROPMALE > to buy a very expensive dictionary , then im gonna smoke it while merking niggas ALL DAY IN SOME COD 
waking up to go to work , and its snowing out ... 
just got home from work OMG WOO ! 
now listen to me baby UH UH UH SO HARD 
completly fucked up a yellow type r today . he didnt have a licence or have his car registered . if your car was legal you would be driving around in a new one . \ 
lesson learn fag dont cut off me when im driving a truck and trailor cause i will hit you . 
is super ! 
bustin my ass everryday for chunk change 
deadmau5 is planting flowers in boston ! 
deadmau5 is awesome 
everytime a turbo spools , an angel gets its wings 
got the house to myself for 1 month :D 
i love beating on my talon with no exhuast at 5 AM 
blah . going for a drive ! 
should be at work but im slackingg . < PROPFEMALE > needs to leave e alone 
the grounds wet , going for a test drive =) 
bought a 16G evo big 3 turbo =D 
gonna eat some yums yums with < PROPFIRST > v and go to the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
24 hour < PROPFEMALE > mans race last night was sick . anyone else watch it ? 
ahh my eye is all fucked up 
deadmau5 is playing in boston july 21 ! :D 
OI mate ! top to the morning to ya lad 
everyones doing it . boys and girls are doing it together . friends get together and all do it . everyones doing it hardcore 
my bros birthday tomorrow . gonna NOT drink tonight ... maybe 
what a nice lady 
i broke my phone . message me your number . and\ 
no not you < PROPFEMALE > , leave me alone . 
my good friend is in the hospital fighting for his life .. ronny stay strong bro 
hi my name is paco and i can jump over any wall . 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? ima be in < PROPMALE > with my race car ( my talon ) 
its 8 AM .. and im SUPER DUPER ! 
is anyone else bored like me and wanna chill 
off to < PROPMALE > in the race car 
sleeep 
last night was siick 
got a new phone . text me your number ! 978 996 7940\ 
and im in < PROPMALE > with my talon 
bull shit 
gonna put in all my steering parts in tomorrow and put the straight pipe in . :D 
faggot ass new phone broke . \ 
fuck you phone 
is about to pass the fuck put . and yes i am driving a truck and trailor right now 
gonna fall asleep right here in this field 
Hi , im < PROPMALE > Gibson angrer managment councile . As you can see , he has been praticing his breathing excersices . 
What's everyone up too tonight 
my head is filled with alcohol 
Totally dude man bro 
durrr durr rrrretard nurr 
no work today ! WOOO OMG 
its to hott to cut grass . fml 
what everyone be doing toniiight 
wtf happened last night ... 
finally got my talon running good (= 
highway runs tonight woo ! 
rave party . my house starts in 1 hour . hit up my cell if you wanna paaarty\ 
9789967940 
hahaha < PROPMALE > c is mad funny 
who wants to get teabag in reach ? 
Riddle of the day : Whats short and steals money ? 
fuck this shit 
Thats right sit down ! ( tbag ) ooooo 
must fix wheel bearing before track closes for winter ! 
i cant hear anything 
im the scatman < PROPFEMALE > ? ba da bada bop 
what you know about them boostin 
angel you are slow whaaaa 
Black ops tonight whaaa 
Too much cod ... 
I am master of leaves 
The < PROPFIRST > , what do they mean ? you can stop all this now . 
Package on the way you know im whip game proper 
Head of state . 
OMG WORK IS SUPER WOOOO I LOVE LIFE 
i have no idea whats going on right now wooo 
should i sell my coffin or buy a faster one ? 
id like to see that guy shimmy on the dacne floor 
rawr 
its a fine day , people open windows 
neighbors are complaining my car is too loud with the straight pipe . \ 
there gonna love me when i have open headers 
OMG ZOMG LOL LOLZZ !! 1 !! 
hate being sick 
im gonna eat you alive 
omg the dentist is totally gonna rip out my tooth in about 1 hour . ZOOMFG !!! 
ive been at work since 3:30 am , now i have to go back out again . \ 
fml 
from the place , not in the place 
be good or be good at it 
took plates off my car . time to drift 
so bull shit right now . drift for at least 3 hours today , then when im driving all nice i crash my car . there goes 3 years worth of work 
alright , ill admit it , i went out drifting today . 
i cant forget that tree 
picking up my shell today . 91 eagle talon tsi AWD =) 
getting ready for snow 
sleeeep finally ! 
nooo work ! 
no work tonight woo 
going to < PROPMALE > hit me up 
riding quad in the snow :D 
going out then work at 3 woo ! 
work till whenever .. 
i hate ... bobcats . \ 
i like ... sleep . 
blah 
Stop creeping my fb crazy ex gf please ? 
took the rest of the day off . 
cant sleep now wtff 
trying to get my car running for some wheels tonight 
wants to snowboard 
waking up , off to work . hopefully i get tomorrow night off ! 
Does anyone know howt usea bobcat ? i want to go snowboarding . 9789967940 call interested 
no more work im freee 
at work , i asked this dude to move his car , so i could move all the snow into a pile . he ignored me and walked away . \ 
good luck getting your car out < PROPMALE > . im off all weekend hahaha 
goin out 
just woke up , had a .. weird dream 
had to do some burnouts and drifts for < PROPFIRST > d . \ 
had fun tonight =D \ 
and whoever left early missed the master of beatboxing 
why the FUCK is it 35 degrees in my room 
omg im late must bomb to school 
looks like im doing my homework in the bobcat tonight . 
PROOF ! i won 5 grand off a scratch ticket\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0 
is very much sleepy . class is in 1 hour , i should not be driving . 
worked all night , left for school around 9 am , fell asleep in the truck and missed class . 
omg must bomb 
needs sleep 
