Happy New Year !! Looking forward to 2010 . Its been one heck of a year , the good Lord has brought me far and blessed me much . Today I am thankful to brang in a New Year with my faimly and looking forward to a great year !! 

Celebrating recovery -- 20 months on Nov . 3-09 !! Gotta give much praise to God , couldn't have done it alone . Lots of hugs and kisses to my faimly for loveing me when i needed it most . To my Mom and my Papa < PROPFIRST > for being my special angels , and takeing care of my kids , when i wasn't able to myself . For supporting me , even when it seemed I was a lost cause . I Love You more then I can put in to words . 
Had a good time Satuday with everyone , wish we could do it more often ! 
Looking forward to spending some time with my baby's today ( T.J. and < PROPFEMALE > ) ! 
Going to have the kids pitcures made today ! Wish me luck . 
Kids did geat on their pitcures !! Passed my math test !!! yeahhh for me .... now I have my G.E.D. 
Love Wedensday's get to spend some time with mom and catch up on gossip !! 
Waitng on Saturday ... going to see \New Moon\ " ... so excited ! " 
Thankful Friday's here , kids last day of school ( no more getting up at 6 : am ) for a week ... and one more day till I .. I mean we .. get to c New < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
OMG ... It's Saturday ... going to see ' New < PROPFEMALE>' tonight ... so excited !! The kids have all week off ... its a good day . 
New < PROPFEMALE > was awsome !! Today is suppose to be another good day ... but I guess I cant ask for to many in a row . 
Monday .. enjoying time with the kids , looking forward to Thanksgiving ! 
Takeing < PROPFIRST > to the Docter today to have a toe nail removed , not looking forward to that . Thanking God for his many .. many blessing in my life ! 
Wedensday !! hope to get some bakeing done today , and hope to spend some time with mom today ... babysitting for a friend . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am thankful for so much this year , God has truely blessed me . I very thankful I'm not were I was last year ... and I have my kids .. praise God ! 
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving with my faimly !! Went shopping at 5:00 am this morning , never ever again ... people are crazy !!! 
Doing some cleaning today , pissed off at T.J. maxx for working my mom so hard .. don't they know I need her !!! I love you mom , praying God gives you strenght(and you'll call in a few days ) . 
Going to bed ! 
Takeing < PROPFEMALE > to the tooth doctor today .. not looking forward to that .. but get to spend some time with mom . NOT ready for the kids to go back to school . 
takeing < PROPFIRST > back to the toe docter today . put our tree up yesterday it's so preeeetttyyy ! 
Cats won't quit knocking my tree over !!! First day this week I haven't been a some sort of docter for a kid .. got to clean house today .. fun .. fun . 
Happy Birthday mom !!! We love you so much , thank u for being my every thing . 
Going shopping with mom today .. always fun !!! 
Christmas shopped all weekend , hope I'm almost done !! Two more weeks , then no more school for awhile .. can't wait ! 
It's Wensday ... waiting on mom to get up and come get me !!! 
Got to clean house today ... don't want to .. but I got to . Hope everyone has a blessed day ! 
Hopeing to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ... it's Saturday get to spend some time with mom ... Happy Holidays ! 
Sunday ... trying to stay warm . 
Hate Mondays ... be glad when this week is over , kids have some time off from school !! 
Wedensday takein little bit back to the denist , hanging out with mom ... two more days .. no more school !!! 
Friday !!! No more school for awhile , I love it . 
Enjoying time with the kids , looking forward to Christmas !!!! Spending time with my faimly !!! 
Watching Roo and Aden today .. God give me patiences ,. So looking forward to Christmas !! 
Can't wait till tomorrow ... looking forward to seeing everyone .. ( and the wine ) lol !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my faimly and freinds !! May God bless you . 
Had a blast Christmas !! I love my faimly !!! God has truely blessed me this year . I so eaisly take for granted how far I've come and what I have today ... being with you guys reminds ... I love you all and am so happy your a part of my life .. every one of you !! 
It's Tuesday , another day filled with kids ... lot's of them , Im learning to have < PROPFEMALE > . God knows I love them . Right now the count is 7 .. fixing to be 9 .. as the day goes on , who knows !! Anybody want to donate some food ??? lol 
Looking forward to a peaceful week and weekend !!! 
Each day is a day to be a better person then yesterday ! 
Only one more day with the kids .. that sucks ! Enjoyed the time with them(mostly ) . Happy 2010 everyone ! 
Well Im all by myself ... can't take it going over moms !! 
uggg .... I hate getting up this early , and sending my babies out in this freezing cold !! 
Staying in with the kids and watching movies , trying to stay warm !! Hopeing the faimly can get together again and < PROPFEMALE > out soon ! 
I'm putting this out there in cyber world ... I need a twin size bedroom suit for < PROPFEMALE > , and some living room furniture . If anyone has some to sell !! 
Takeing < PROPFEMALE > back to the Denist today , not looking forward to that ! Get to see my babies though ... T.J. and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to get out of this house today !!!! Don't know what im going to do , but something .... Lord help me ! 
Hanging out with my mom today .. it's Wedensday !! 
Watched Avatar last night ... awsome movie !! 
Going Birthday shoping for my little < PROPFEMALE > today ... Friday s the big day . Were haveing a little party for her Saturday at 4 p.m. everyones welcome . 
Big day today ... Alyssa wakes me at 7:30 ;( God love her little heart !! 
Learning to love life again has been some journey .. but the trip was worth were I am now . 
Well it's Wedensday .. once again T.J. Maxx has ruined my day . Really looking forward to Saturday though , hanging out with everyone . 
I'm so excited ... Eric's comeing in today ... everones comeing over Saturday .. it's like Christmas to me ... I love my faimly !!! 
Looking forward to hanging out today ... suffering the wrath of to much yager last night .. got to love the visits from the big bro !!! 
Hate to see the weekend end , and < PROPFIRST > leave , but have so enjoyed spending time with the faimly this weekend . 
Just made a snowman with little bit .. fingers froze .. and one ugly snowman .. but we had a blast !! 
Going to watch Valentines Day today !! Happy Valentines everyone ! 
Had a blast shopping with mom yesterday , < PROPFEMALE>'s has a new room .. it's so pretty !! Kid's have to go back to school today .... that sucks :( 
tgif ... 
Advice for the day : If you have a headache , do what it says on the aspirin bottle : Take two , and KEEP AWAY FROM CHILDREN . 
Looking forward to hanging out with my faimly today , always a good thing when you need some cheering up !! 
Had a blast hanging out yesterday , hopeing I didn't give my mom to much trouble . I love ya mom !!! 
I so wish life came with an instruction < PROPMALE > , and a road map to happiness , at ever crossroad , I seem to be taken the wrong turn ! 
Some people are alive only because it is illegal to kill them ! 
The trouble with jogging is that by the time you realize you're not in shape for it , it's too far to walk back . 
Some people are so self absored , and back stabbing , that they work to hard to get there way , when if you'd considered others a little more and do the right thing , life would be so much easier .. and enjoyable . 
When did adults forget how to talk to when another ? Now they just talk to each others lawyers ??!! 
winning isn't always a victory , I lost someone I thought was a friend , and learned the hard way ( again ) not to trust anyone . 
Now that I've put my life together , I thought I wouldn't have to fear the law anymore ... but I was wrong . Someone can just say what that want ( true or false ) and boom it's all over . Ive lost my faith along the way .. I don't know how , Im blessed everyday more than I could have ever hoped for . But this wouldn't be consuming me and making me crazy if I hadn't . Please keep me in your prayers . 
First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win ! 
You always made me laugh , you loved life and you had the < PROPMALE > of being sm < PROPMALE > ass down down to a tee . It's hard to belive it's been 10 years , I know you up there watching over us , and we will be together again . I love and miss you so mcuh . In memory of my dad . 
Going with mom to take Papa to < PROPMALE > today . 
Your just jealous cause the voices are talking to me ... 
.. is on edge , so don't make any sudden movements or loud noises . 
... thinks the difference between insanity & reality ... is the knife in my hand . You were saying ? 
Look at the penguin , look at the penguin , look at the penguin , look at the penguin , look at the penguin , What Penguin !! oh I meant look at the chicken , sorry . 
may not be a good example ... but I'm one HECK of a good warning . 
Hope to be moveing real soon , sure could use some help .... I'll supply food and beer .. if you can supply trucks or muscle !!! 
So can someone tell me when the bullshit ends ? 
Goal ... to be out by Thursday .. need help bad .. any helpers welcomed . 
Moving starts today ... Lord help me !! 
Got's lots to do today , thank God for < PROPFEMALE > , and my mom ! 
Just want to say a special thank you to my girl Cristal ... for all your help , don't know what i'd done without ya ! Hope it quits raining so we can finish today or tomorrow . 
im wondering if I could Ctrl Alt Delete my day ... 
Got everthing moved , just got to put it up , was about ot have facebook withdrawl . 
Please don't tell me things because one of two things is going to happen : 1 . I will forget 2 . I won't rember 
I'm allergic to four letter words .. wash , fold , dust .. 
I'm supercalifridalisticexpealidosheous !!!!!!!! 
Without my kids , tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait and yesterday wouldn't be worth remembering . 
It is what it is ! improvise , improve , overcome . 
Hate the slience ... voices in head getting louder ... shhh , no I'm not telling them that .. stupid voices !! 
It's like de'javu and amnesia at the same time . I call it DAMNESIA ! 
I have two years clean today , April 3 is my belly button birthday !! Its a wonderful day , Im easter egg hunting with < PROPFEMALE > , and spending time with my faimly . Life is good . 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
hello stress , how r u today ? welcome to my life !! make your self comfortable , looks like your going to be here awhile . ahhhhhhhh 
Leaving in the morning for St. < PROPMALE > , staying as close to the ocean as I can till Sunday !!! Yeahhh meeee !!! 
Hate the kids have to go back to school today ! Had a good weekend , missed my mom , glad to be home . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first game last night , she had a blast , me a nervous wreck ... 
Today my step-dad goes in to surgery , please ever one say a prayer that all goes well and for a quick recovery . 
Papa's doing good , mom's exhausted , glad it's over and all is well , hope he recoveres quickly , and feels much better then he did before the surgery . 
going to pick up Papa , there releasing him today .. yeeaahhh !! 
tgif .... life is good , God is great . Today let me be ever mindful of how blessed me and my faimly are . I am so happy Papa is home and healthy ! 
A good mood is like a ballon , a big prick usually burst it ! 
Happy Birthday T.J. !! So sad we can't be together today , but I hope you have a great birthday ... I , we love you very much . 
Look out weekend here I come ! 
Yuk ... Monday again !! 
Haveing a cookout this weekend at the lake hope everone can come out ! Saturday if the weather permits .. make plans faimly !! 
Hug her tight Lord and kiss her sweet face .. she was a wonderful woman who will be missed ... RIP . 
Spend life wisely , cause it's like a coin .. you can spend it any way you like , but you can only spend it once . 
what , that fat on my belly ? oh thats just the covering of my rock hard abs ! 
I am so looking forward to hanging out with the faimly tomorrow ... hope everyone makes it out !! 
Had a blast with the faimly , wish we could < PROPFEMALE > out more . Now if i had a magic wand to clean this house . 
Happy Birthday to Chelsa and to < PROPFIRST > ! Love you both bunches , wish you were here ! 
Monday again ? Werent you here like a week ago ? 
If you never take the risk , you'll never find out ! 
I'm not as could as I should be , I'm not as good as I could be , but THANK GOD I'm better then I use to be ! 
Friday .. i've missed you .. welcome back ! 
OMG ! I hate Mondays ... Yuk ! 
how r u suppose to keep going when you don't know what way to go ? 
tried to drown a fish , but that suker is immortal or something ! 
family has nothing to do with blood . family is the people you love and the people who love you and count on you . I'm glad I've got such a great family ! 
' s new name is Crouching Mommy Hidden Luandry ! 
thinks being a parent makes you bipolar , one minute your screaming at them to get up & get ready , the next minute you giving them hugs and kisses goodbye . 
please can you get a message to the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > ? just let her know she must have missed my house taday and i am extremely busy on facebook . 
I left out some nice healthy snacks and chocolate last night and the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > still skipped my house , am leaving the wrong snacks out ? 
Heading to the lake to soak up some sun , and < PROPFEMALE > out with my little < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope every one has a great Sunday ! 
Im so bored I might just clean house ... nahh !! 
dust bunnies have killed the cleaning fairy ... new at eleven . 
Last week of school , all the kids past , thank the Lord ,... so glad they get a break , now it's nothing but lake ! 
needs to start walking in squares , cus goin round and round is really starting to piss me off ! 
It's all fun and games till they open the trunk . 
when you visit my house you can touch the dust , but please don't write in it ! 
has reached my BS tolerance for the day . Stand in line ! 
no computer , so sad , missing it bad , but not bad enough .. lol . 
In VA . visting my faimly , missing home ... hope to be home soon ! 
heading home in a couple of hours .... 
Please pray for me that the Lord will see me through this mess ! 
I am so stressed . I don't know weather i found a leash or lost my dog . 
... dosn't have time for the nervous breakdown I deserve . 
back at mom's , things are looking up and i can stop looking backwards ! 
Went to the race last night ... OMG ... had to much fun , Im hooked .. no wonder raceing is so popular ... love nascar people .! Thank you < PROPMALE > <3 , 
had a blast yesterday hanging out with the faimly ... thanful < PROPFEMALE > is well and feeling better . Looking forward to the fish fry the 25 of this month . Papa's Birthday hope everone makes it out . 
you know you love me ... even though I'm loud , crazy , and insane ,,.. but hey I'm fun to be around ! ;) 
... has a really great idea , but is gonna need duct tape , some C-4 , a chicken , and an alibi ... Any volunteers ? 
... knows sometimes we have to get lost in order to find ourselves , but I don't know where I am ! 
if life throws you lemons ... brang out the < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Going to court in the morning ... hopeing justice pervails , and the judge can see the wolf under the sheeps coat ! 
sometimes the power of choice is taken from us and we must simply learn how to accept it and move on 
loveing you is the hard part , saying goodbye is the harder part , but missing you is the hardest part since we've meet ... 
knows you truly love someone when they are always on your mind even when your together and you feel empty inside when they are gone . <3 
People call me crazy , I have no clue what there talking about , there just jealous my unicorn gets me orange juice ! 
is thinking that ..... wait why are the men in white coats here NO NOT AGAIN I WAS JUST TRYING TO THINK !!! 
... playing hide-n-seek from the men in white coats , and I'm winning !!! hahahah 
Had to much fun with my family saturday !! Love you all , hope I didn't act to much of a fool . Wish we could < PROPFEMALE > out more ... <3 
Family ... What makes a family ? Love . Understanding . Caring . Love . Blood isn't necessary , just love . To EVERONE who has loved me , Thank You . I do love you too . 
if loonies could fly , my family would be the air forces !! 
can't understand why some women get offend when people call them a BITCH i say \ thanks for noticing ... it took me 30+ years to get this good at it \"" 
If you don't beleive in ANGELS ... just look into your mothers eyes !! 
too much fun hanging with my sis . and bro yesterday !!! I love you guys !! 
Can't wait till tonight ... my baby will be here !! 
been working all week on my room with papa ... been a good week . Life gets better everday , Im truly blessed . 
I have given up on wondering where it's all going and I'm just enjoying the ride :) 
Well , back to court again ... will this ever end ? He's trying to get me for assault now .. keep me in your prayers . 
i hate it when the retard in the mirror is copying me :( 
he's only been gone ten minutes and I already miss him to much !! This suxs :( ... 
looking forward to hanging out with my sis today , cooking out and painting ... who could ask for a better sunday ... wish mom wasn't working today ! hope everone has a blessed day :) 
judging my past wont make your life any more meaningful 
compulsive liars ... rewriting the past so that they can live with their actions ... 
the reason some people don't like me is simple ... because I \SAY\ " what others \ " ONLY THINK \"" 
when you hurt people with your LIES .. you should be very careful that they don't reveal the TRUTH about you !! 
went horse back riding today ... it was fantastic , till i ran out of quarters and the people at wal-mart thought it was way to funny !! 
doesn't just believe in miracles ! I depend on them every day ! 
Another trip to court in the morning , everone please say a prayer for me tonight . I'm fighting with the devil and need all the prayer i can get . 
court moved to another day .. the man has lost his mind .. just more time to stress over it . 
hope everone has a Happy Halloween !! 
one big disappointment after another ... sometimes it's hard to keep fighting , loseing sight of my goals , they seem so unattianable , ugh ! 
Have had my hands full this week ... and Im loveing it !! 
was going to do something today ... but hadn't finished doing nothing from yesterday yet . 
my life is not picture perfect , there are obstacles I still have to over come , ... but ever day I stop and look at the many great things I have been given , and know I am truly blessed . Thank God for second chances and a wonderful faimly ! 
looking forward to Thanksgiving with my faimly ! 
Happy Birthday to my dad , I miss you ever day ... and all the laughs and memories you brought into my life . RIP 
Thank God for all the blessings in my life , and for freedom . May I never take a single day for granted . 
To say I am blessed would be an understatement , God has been so good to me . I have a wonderful family , who has stood beside me , supported me , and loved me through a whole lot of mess . Just wanted to say a special thank you to my mom and my wonderful step-father .. without them I dont know where i would be . I love you ! 
Thank you to all of those who have walked in my life and made it better and thank you to all of those who have walked out and made it amazing ! 
just realized my life would make a good eminem song ... 
me normal ?? WHO SAID THAT ? I'll stab them with a gummy bear !! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES ... < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY ... & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL 
:P * 
2010 is almost over .. looking forward to a New Year , putting the past in the past ... i will live more , love more , and laugh more in 2011 !! Happy New Year to all my friends and family ! 
knows that everone has a someone in their life that keeps them looking forward to another day , even if that someone is not with you ... 
says , I'm not trouble I'm just a challange to handle ;) 
hopeing the weather in VA . holds up till after this weekend , wanting my grandmother to come down ,.. I miss her so much ! Love you nanny 
has the \imisshimsomuch disease\ " :'( " 
Life has handed me a fare share of lemons . I've decided to make grape juice with them , and stand back and watch everone try to figure out how the heck i did it ;) 
my Nanny's coming tomorrow ... Im so excited !!! I miss her so much . 
Was really looking forward to hanging out with my sisters this weekend , but change of plans ... get to see my nanny though ... love you all sistas ' . 
Enjoying my Nanny .. waiting on TJ and little bit , what a wonderful day ! 
Wishing I could talk my Nanny into staying longer then a few days !! 
Had a great week with my grandmother , sad shes gone I miss her already . 
so you take a left on crazy and then keep going untill you hit insane , then follow that down to cuckoo , and there you are in my drive way !!! 
Wishing I could be closer to my grandmother right now , please keep her in your prayers . 
If you truly want to be with someone no time is to long and no distance is to far . 
Can't wait till next week ,... get the baby for almost a week .... so excited !!! Now if i could just get her to be auntie < PROPFEMALE>'s baby instead of nanna's baby .. working on a plan ... :) 
had a blast yesterday hanging out with all the kids at the beach .... all my favorite kids !! 
just realized that all 4 of my other personalites are completly CRAZY !! 
Fish Fry at the house april 2 .. ok family start makeing plans !! 
I usually say whats on my mind because it really hurts when I bite my tounge . ;) 
yahooooo two more days till my Mr. T and little bug are here .... can't wait !! 
going to miss the fish fry ... that so suxs !! But Ill be driving next week , that so does not sux !! 
well , I whined about missing the fish fry .. guess what , that cancelled class , so ill be there after all .. but want be drining till next week ... waited this long , don't guess one more week will kill me unh ? 
getting ready for the fish fry .. now all we need is the family and hush puppies !!! 
God is great , I've been blessed , truely blessed time and time again , I have the greatest family , most wonderful kids , life is sweet , and today is good .. what more could I ask for ? :) 
