Sneaking suspicion ; The verification codes for friend requests are trying to tell us something . For example , the last request I sent gave me the code broccoli might . I think it's a warning about an upcoming produce uprising . 

Just realized how awesome I am 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmhfn3mgWUI\ 
you will obey ! 
This just in : I can't here myself think over the sound of how awesome I am . 
It's always good to be modest 
You should always remember the three Rs of Necromancy ; Reuse , Recycle , and Reanimate . 
Farmville rehab ; open up their Farmville < PROPFEMALE > , tie them to a chair , and force them to watch their crops and animals die . 
The fact that I have nothing witty to say shocks and disturbs me greatly . 
really curious about who thought i voted for Obama , you should get to know me a little better . 
anyone ever had corn nuts ? Hint : It's like eating salty human teeth . mm , delicious . 
Uriah Update : Aparently , there is more past than i originally belived . 5 pages of history so far ! 
the song \Twist and Shout\ " refers to snapping your spine and ulating about it " 
Reading the Dornian Heresy , best alternate Horus Heresy ever ! Makes me want to build an army of Nurglite Blood Angels 
looking for voice actors for a series of audio clips for my D20 Modern campaign . You would do brief things such as audio logs and the like . 
Starting a Chaos Spess Mehrens army ! 
Looking for voice actors for a series of audio clips for my D20 Modern campaign . You would do brief things such as audio logs and the like . 
Just played a game of Paranoia . Now I'm high-strung and edgy . I had no idea how devious and crafty my gaming group really is . 
Yerp . That's right , I whent there . 
Whent to the < PROPMALE > Potter party at Salem today ( Slitheren ) . Most of the party was me and < PROPMALE > Kholes sharing amused glances with each other whenever something really nerdy was said , i.e. \Let's do the < PROPMALE > Potter rap ! \ " \ 
WIND THE FROG ! 
Saw the latest < PROPMALE > Potter movie last night . Phenominal , truly . Let's have a moment of silence for Doby . ( Que a slideshow of images of Doby ) 
Had a double take at Meijer today . I swore that I had seen < PROPFIRST > Abnett buying cream cheese right next to me ! Sadly , it was not . 
Ever seen Pan's Labyrinth ? It's kind of like a grim-dark Chronicles of Narnia . 
WIND THE FROG 
Megamind was great . 
Just loved Inglorious Basterds . Nice alternate take on the end of WW2 . 
FOOOM !!! 
Learned today that next semester I will have B Lunch . Well , crap . 
Today in history , the Wright brothers made their historic flight in < PROPFEMALE > Hawk North < PROPFEMALE > , only to shot down by the first anti-aircraft gun built by their spiteful third brother < PROPMALE > Redembacher . 
Spent my entire hour in < PROPMALE > with a < PROPFEMALE > cane on my nose . Thank you < PROPFIRST > . 
A man sporting a Starbucks uniform and wielding a katana was seen riding atop a man running at 60 < PROPMALE > an hour . The duo slashed the tires of a black < PROPFIRST > where a brawl ensued with a hulking man who was also on fire . In other news , a man with no face was seen driving towards the scene while a massive homeless man fired bolts of electricity from his fingers . 
If you have 3rd degree burns and then get 3rd degree burns over your existing 3rd degree burns , do you now have 6th degree burns ? 
Just got some Dark Reapers ... I'm coming for you < PROPFIRST > . 
I hate it when people like their own posts . Not only does it show your narcissism and your utter arrogance , but it clogs up other poster's news feeds . People who do that make me sick . 
Got a very strange request for a Commissar < PROPMALE > story . They ( it was a group ) wanted to have < PROPMALE > leading Sisters of Battle with Catholic schoolgirl uniforms over their armour . Also , Duke Nukem . Yep . 
Take a stand , join the WAR Clan . ( Wookies Against Racism ) 
I'm going to make something for the first six people who leave a comment . But if you comment , you've got to copy and paste this as your status and make something handmade for the first 5 people who comment on your status . It must be handmade by you and it should be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
Woo ! My faction finally picked me up after 4 days ! Yeah ! 
Yeah , the Lazarus RP is really LETHAL ! So far we have 2 deaths and PJ was transformed into a howler . Good times . 
Ahriman- He ... he ate my bolt of change ... he just , ate it ! \ 
Kharn- NO ! \ 
It was also on that day that Ahriman discovered his one weakness ... bullets . 
Just took my TIE Fighter for a spin , thank you Imperial Navy ! Also , completed my first mission . 
You know what I hate ? Trolls . 
Could one of you fine people hook me up with someone ? It's about time I got a girlfriend . Thanks . 
Chaos Dwarves : The best kind of Dwarves . 
Roleplay thread is working out nicely . The sorcerer failed to sneak through the Killer's Quarter in Var'arth and a dark elf Whisperknife beat the crap out of him before he retaliated with a bolt of lightning . I mean literally , the Whisperknife kicked the sorcerer down the street ! ( The sorcerer is a kobold ) . 
HEAT THE MEAT\ 
LAYER LAYER LAYER\ 
MELT TO SATISFACTION 
I have a Continue this Story thread on Dakka , and this was the last post ... \ 
\ 
Yoda was quickly batter dipped and seasoned with eleven different secret herbs and spices , then popped into the ships oven at 350 degrees for an hour , as was the way of their secret ritual . 
Congragulations , < PROPFIRST > Leclerc , longest living member of my Lazarus RP thread ! 
No school ! Just got a call verifying my hopes ! Danke , Totstrum , danke . 
Just finished running a 4 hour Lazarus game with 6 active players . After engaging in a three way combat , and a diologue moment , and a one on one combat , it's been one of the most draining experiances of my life . Cudoes to those that attended though . 
My aunt ( from down south ) always said I'd grow up to be a contract killer . \That boy's gonna be a ' sassin ' all his life . \ " \ 
Brandon : Gaz ! Gaz ! Help me ! Ahhhhh ! Gaz ! \ 
Gaz : Ah gee , would you look at the time ... gotta go . \ 
Brandon : Aaaaah ! Gaz ! No ! Aaaaaahhh ! 
Yo dawg , I heard you like Batman , so I killed your parents . 
Why do I think this is a perfect God of War minigame ? : Kratos angrily pinches a pimple on his back . 
You stupid turb , if you wind my frog again , I swear , I'll tather you ! 
How can you expect to kill your black pudding , if you don't kill your meat golem ?! 
Yay ! Was just promoted to Fight Corporal ! 
I would like you to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . 
First person to like this status I will list as my father , second , my mother , third my son , and forth and fifth my grandparents . 
Did you know that they are remaking one of < PROPFIRST > Speilberg's greatest films , with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > instead of Liam Neeson ? It's going to be called ... \ 
Schindler's Fist ! 
I was going to do a pun about butter , but the margarine for error was too large . 
How did I spend my Saturday ? I played Mutants and Masterminds and we watched My Little Pony for hours . Time well spent . 
I feel the need to flex my literary muscles , so I challenge someone to a write-off ! We'll both write stories within a specific theme , then have them judged by a third party . Any takers ? 
Smacked my face on the sink whilst feeding the cats . Words cannot sufficiently describe how disappointed I am with myself . 
Watching the Blue Man Group on acid would be terrifying . 
Commissars- because combat against vastly superior alien races isn't scary enough for the peons in the trenches . 
Loved the Uwe Kind concert . I haven't been so hoarse since I dressed as a Commissar and screamed at people for around five hours . 
What Warhammer 40,000 Faction Are You ? -- My Result : The Adeptus Arbites and the Munitorium . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/75094/referrals/status?aid=100001053316898 
Slenderman , Slenderman\ 
Does whatever a Slenderman can\ 
He eviscerates his foolish prey\ 
But not before he drives ? them insane\ 
Look out , here comes the Slenderman ! 
Gotta get me some Death Jesters . Just love the Shrieker Cannon . 
Crosswords : my nemesis , we meet again . 
Took on Yoder today . Perfect tie . DAMN YOU < PROPMALE > ! MAAAATTTT WAAAAARRRRDDD INNNN THEEEE FORRRREEESSSSSTTTT !!!!! 
If looks could kill , you'd be a beholder . 
\A broken clock is right twice a day . A sundial can be used to stab someone regardless of the time of day . \"" 
Ogre Leadbelchers . They ruin everything . 
Just wrapped up Lazarus , after several months of playing . Can't wait to start the sequel . 
One day , people will call me ' Sir ' , without adding ; ' you're making a scene ... \ " , 2011-03-29 22:40:48 " 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
Have the urge to write a fictitious history of the world . Who's with me ? 
This afternoon , < PROPFIRST > and I rammed the Exorcist-Mobile into a morbidly obese defense attorny being attacked by Nightgaunts . I love our gaming sessions . 
Ales Klar , Herr Kommissar ? 
I HAVE RETURNED ! 
Uh , do we not have school today ? 
HAPPY KYLETAG ! 
I must eat me spinach . 
Wind the Frog . 
Cannibalism should be grounds for leniency in murders because it's less wasteful . 
Well then ! Thanks for all the wellwishing ! I appreciate it ! 
Amnesia : The only game where you can break down walls with chairs . 
Well , it took me three months , but I've listened to every Zlad song ever made . I have only one thing to say about the experience : I AM THE ANTI POPE ! LIKE A LION KILLS AN ANTELOPE ! LIKE A HAMMER HITS A CANTALOUPE ! 
Like my status I will tell you 1 . How we met . 2 . My first impression of you . 3 . What I like about you . 4 . My favorite memory of you . But like this and you have to put it as your status ! (stole from < PROPFIRST > Stolarczyk ) 
With luck , I'll be able to order Rome this week . 
I don't understand what issue people have with the youth in < PROPFEMALE > . As I've never met them , I prefer to withhold judgement . 
Whent to the Pops Concert . Your rendition of Bounty < PROPMALE > numbed the entire right side of my body . Keep up the good work ! 
Could someone draw < PROPFIRST > Clements and I as we would appear in a cyberpunk future ? I had this conversation with < PROPFIRST > yesterday , and awesome things were discussed . 
Oberst Fu , you will be missed . You gave your life to continue the pointless bureaucratic process of the United Nations , leaving Brazil to create a half-baked plan to take police action to ensure that Israelis and Palestinians played soccer in giant stadiums in Jerusalem . 
If a vegetarian eats vegetables , what does a humanitarian eat ? 
Shut up , you kraken ! 
1 . How we met :\ 
2 . Your name in my phone :\ 
3 . Have I ever liked you :\ 
4 . What I like best about you :\ 
... 5 . What I dislike about you :\ 
6 . Favorite memory of us :\ 
7 . My first impression :\ 
8 . How close we are :\ 
9 . Do I challenge you to put this as your status ? 
I prefer my surgeon to be a scientist rather than an artist . Just sayin ' . 
What culture are you , sir ? A dithering mole-ape ? Even a deviant Hyperborean knows the importance of the addition of milk to any marble dish ! Me to < PROPFIRST > Clements 
Just downloaded Dwarf Fortress ! Utterly confused ! Someone help me ! Yeah ! 
I played < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s voice clips backwards ... scary stuff , man . 
< PROPFIRST > Daubenmeyer and I tried to take shelter in the Salem choir room , but some low life was only admitting other choir members . He left us to die . 
\Pelosi Demands Weiner Probe \"" 
I shaved my filthy neckbeard , I feel so liberated . 
You are evil because you are a lemon . 
As you may know , I've started playing Dwarf Fortress , a game with a vertical learning curve . I will post an excerpt from Mcbeardfist's journal every time I play , keeping you updated on my dwarves . 
Have finished another amulet . This one of sandstone . It menaces with spikes of sandstone . It menaces with spikes of leather . It depicts an image of a tree . It depicts an image of a dwarf . The dwarf is making a rude gesture at the tree . 
I need someone to come over to my house and instruct me on how to play Dwarf Fortress . I know nothing . Instruction guides and LPs have been useless . I need someone to stand over my shoulder and point to what keys I need to press . 
Was chased three < PROPMALE > by a swarm of angry deer flies . I love the North . 
DAKKA has its own Minecraft server . 
Interpersonal Communications Class- The only class where watching the Breakfast Club is mandatory . 
Going to kick back , relax , and play some Dwarf Fortress . 
We killed < PROPFIRST > ! Forgive us master ! 
Just saw the Deathly Hallows Part 2 . Man , too bad about Hagrid , I really liked . What a way to go . 
With the blood of an enemy shall the marks be made upon the missile . Then bless the missile and present unto the mounting . Say the prayer of firing and curse the target . Do this rapidly lest the wrath of the weapon be wasted . Point the eye of the weapon so that it may see the object of its wrath . When the weapon has uttered its curse and eaten the soul of its victim , then shall you take up the next missile ... 
The Borders cafe ' closes tomorrow . 
Received honor wounds from LARPing . I am apparently well-versed in the way of the short sword , a skill I will continue to hone with each session . 
Wonderful day at Pandemonium , uh , ' today ' . Faced off against < PROPMALE > Yoder and < PROPFIRST > Nilles with < PROPFIRST > Leclerc . We would of won had it not been for the < PROPMALE > Wardian 35th . 
Anyone else notice that Yotsuba's father is named ' Mr. Kowai' ? 
Currently in my ' Terrifying ' Dwarf Fortress , my siege mechanic has been eaten by a zombie panda , over four dwarves and several animals have been trampled to death by a deer skeleton , its rained non-stop since day one , the jeweler buried a pickaxe into the < PROPMALE > in a fit of homicidal rage , a pack of skeletal badgers chases down anyone who leaves the fortress , and all the rotting bodies are making the dwarves sick . I love Dwarf Fortress . 
As per ordered by < PROPFEMALE > Glass . \ 
1 . How We Met ? \ 
2 . Your Name In Phone ? \ 
3 . Have I Ever Liked You ? \ 
4 . Who Are You To Me ? \ 
... 5 . What I Like Best About You ? \ 
... 6 . What I Dislike About You ? \ 
7 . A Favorite Memory Of You ? \ 
8 . My First Impression ? \ 
9 . How Close Are We ? \ 
10 . Do I Challenge You To Put This As Your Status ? 
Why does Facebook keep suggesting friends from < PROPFEMALE > or East < PROPFEMALE > ? Was it something I said ? I must know ! 
Tried eating my breakfast left-handed today for kicks . I now realize that task is beyond me . 
I hate it when some crazy bloke dressed as his dead mother tries to stab me to death in the shower . 
YouTube , Twitter , and Facebook are joining together to form a massive social media conglomerate called YouTwitFace . 
I used to be indecisive , now I'm not sure . 
Do I know any jokes about sodium ? Na . 
/Thought provoking status 
I'm scratching myself with a claw-hammer . Why ? 
Just friended GHa Weslley Cc'jjheyekhChhubbiee , one of the many people Facebook assumes I must know . 
You what ? I'm just going to friend all of these Indonesians that Facebook seems to think I know . If Facebook thinks I know Indonesians , then damn it , I'm going to know Indonesians . 
Heading up north today at 4 , and will be back Thursday . That is all . 
Guys ! We missed H.P Lovecraft's birthday ! We're going to have to serve some penance for this . 
Had a wonderful time getting lost in the woods as the sun set and darkness descended . It only got better when we saw the femur bone . Ah , the North . 
A good friend will be there to calm you down when you are mad , but a best friend will be holding a shovel asking\Do you think the hole is deep enough ? \"" 
Something witty . 
Most dreadfully bored . Reading my Chem Com book and pretending I'm an alchemist . 
Facebook , you just updated yourself while I watched . Huh . 
Slept in to 11 today . Tomorrow morning should be barrels of fun . 
Walked home with < PROPFIRST > when we couldn't find our bus . Made it home long before the bus did . I think that says something about the bus system . Anyhow , I have a brotastic morning that starts out with Early Brit Lit ( my dream class ) , then moves on to < PROPMALE > II with the Sole . Man , this is going to be an awesome year . 
For the record , Tarchala is not an epic African hero of song and legend , but a young white woman . Man , and I though Algebra II was going to be cool . 
Got home the moment my bus pulled in . Understand that I walked home . There's something seriously wrong with the bus loop . 
A female waved at me whilst I was walking home , as well as calling out my name . I saluted her as she drove past . Who are you ? I only saw your arm . Please tell me , because this is going to keep me up all night . 
Automatic doors need to open fast enough to accommodate my swift gait . I mean , honestly , I keep smacking into automatic doors because they're too slow for me . Someone should look into this . 
Everyone needs to go and play Dwarf Fortress . I command it . 
Lenin played the Theremin . Also , the Soviets invented electronic music . 
Please copy & paste this to your status if you are constantly being asked to copy & paste something to your status by friends who copy & paste things to their status . Many people won't copy & paste this but my true sarcastic friends will copy & paste it because they know this was copied & pasted from a dear friend in need of more stuff to copy & paste ... thank you ! And don't forget the heart ... ? 
hat Snorlax you just called fat ? Yeah , it's eating rare candies by the DOZEN for you to accept it . \ 
That Gastly you just called ugly ? It's been trying to learn a new move to replace its Mean Look . \ 
That Slowpoke you just tripped ? He has a learning disability that makes him Legally Retarded . \ 
See that Hitmonchan with the scars ? He fought in Vietnam for your freedoms today . Put This As Your Status If You're Against PokeBullying . Help save a Pokemon a visit to the Pokecenter . 
Feeling the urge to write some < PROPMALE > again . 
Man , I cook food like a wizard . 
Going to write some more Commissar < PROPMALE > . It's been far too long . 
Working on a short horror story . Should be done rather soon . 
Consider this : In the Legend of Zelda : The Skyward Sword , you're pulling out people's hearts with a whip ; SO YOU CAN EAT THEM . 
Been writing a bunch of short horror stories as of late and am looking for inspiration . Anyone have any interesting story ideas that can be expressed in a single sentence ? 
* Implying a status . * 
The internet ? That'll never catch on . 
Must .... not ..... resistance ..... faltering ..... speaking .... in ..... sentence ....... fragments .......... \ 
Truth ......... Is .......... 
It's rather difficult to compete with free food when you're sell pretzels for $2.00 . In other news , I became the God of Nuclear Death as I worked the microwave . 
I added Illuminati to my list of employers on my profile , now all of my suggested Friends are scary looking Eastern Europeans . 
/Status . 
\The Holy < PROPMALE > Empire was neither Holy nor < PROPMALE > nor ' The'\ "" 
Today in the Past : < PROPFIRST > Adams , the famed revolutionary and hypnotist , is sent to < PROPFIRST > to help negotiate a peace with the British . During the talks , Adams famously clashed with the French Foreign Minister < PROPFIRST > Gravier , Comte de Vergennes , a rivalry that threatened the peace talks . Despite this , a peace was indeed settled with the British . The rumors that Adams poisoned Gravier with iocane powder are false . However , the rumors that Adams shot and killed Gravier with a crossbow at the end of the peace talks are true . 
I would like you to tell me how we met , but here's the thing : I want none of it to be true . That's right , I want you to lie . Come up with the strangest , most ou t-t here meeting you can , post it to this status , and I'll return the favor on your wall . Of course , if you comment on this status , you must copy and paste it to your own . That is all . 
