is not looking forward to a week in the mid-90's ... 

had a great time at Big Splash today ! didn't see you < PROPFEMALE > !?? 
Yes , I made pancakes for the kid even though I didn't feel like it ; no applause , please . :) 
have to say I was pretty excited when the New < PROPFEMALE > preview came on at the theater tonight ... I think I clapped my hands . :) 
it was so good to see my Dad feeling better today . :) 
what a stupid jerk ! I hope nobody in the entire country buy's the guy's CD ... 
had such a great weekend away with such a great friend ! :) 
laughed when we were watching the Stampede rodeo finals today : < PROPFEMALE > figured the horses like the girls better because they let them stay on but they < PROPMALE > the boys off ! :) 
picked 4 buckets of strawberries today and I think there are still more out there !!!! ( OK , < PROPFIRST > picked one of them ) 
is pretty proud of myself for making an angel food cake from scratch for my mom-in-law's birthday ! And it's actually edible ! :) 
I just had to fork over the extra few dollars for the new Daughtry CD ( than I would have paid on Amazon ) ... I can tell it's worth it already ! 
why must hot fudge be so scrumptious ? 
is going back out to pick more gooseberries ... something you'd never hear me say at home ! 
\Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do . So ... sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . \ " < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
is slightly surprised but very happy < PROPFEMALE > chose < PROPMALE > . I really hope that , against all odds , they actually make it work . How anyone can without God is beyond me , but some people do ! 
grrrrrr .... what is up w/ scrabble again ???? 
would like to know why in the world she's still awake ... 
\I pray that Christ will be more and more at home in your hearts as you trust in Him . May your roots go down deep into the soil of His marvelous love ... May you experience the love of Christ ... THEN you will be filled with the fulness of life and power tha " 
packing up , heading home tomorrow ... 
had such a great time hangin ' w/ my aunt , cousins , and their adorable kids this weekend !! Thanks guys ! :) Wish we could do it more often ... 
is really gonna miss these days taking my time getting up ... 
thinks there is almost nothing more entertaining and worshipful at the same time than watching < PROPFIRST > play the drums at Guts ... 
Holy crap I just set a record at < PROPFIRST>'s Club ... I wish it was going to last 4 months ! 
finally did some Pilates yesterday after a summer w/ only 2 walks and some gardening for exercise ... my whole core is SO stiff !!! 
is thanking God it's cooling off outside ( and wasn't too darn hot today ) since the blower went out for the air conditioner ... also thankful for a handy husband . :) 
is pretty sure I've never been prouder of my boys ; they went to a lady's house down the street whose husband passed away the other day to ask her if she's OK and if they could do anything . Then they did a little yardwork without expecting any compensation ! All this of their own volition ; I almost cried ... 
There are 2 plans for your life : the enemy's plan to steal , kill and destroy ; and the Good Shepherd's plan to give you abundant life . The one you believe ( agree with ) largely determines which plan comes to pass ... 
is expecting all my kids to be well enough to go to school tomorrow ... got a big to-do list ! 
today I found about 50 rip-ties in the dryer after washing < PROPMALE>'s work clothes ... I was wondering what that noise was ! 
is happy to have < PROPMALE > home 2nd night in a row ... gotta take as many of those as we can get ! 
cannot believe I spend 20 minutes driving around a neighborhood , trying to get out of it !!!! Even my GPS was confused and took me around the block 3 times ! Geesh ... 
had a nice time snuggling with my < PROPFEMALE > at the movie . :) 
took the kids to see Up today ; what a great movie ! Can't believe I cried so much 10 minutes in ... 
The Lord is my Shepherd ; I have no lack and my cup overflows !!! 
decided that voting thing is ridiculous . Thought it was gonna be 3 separate categories ! As is anyone is going to get more votes than P . < PROPFIRST > ! :) I'm not voting . 
has some cute girl crib bedding , an oak nursing stool , and a boppy pillow up for grabs . If I don't give it away by Friday it's going to consignment . 
stood outside my front door for 5 minutes today ( in the shade ) and came in covered with sweat ... I WANT FALL !!! 
is pretty sure this bowl of chocolate toffee ice cream is not big enough after what I just went through with my six year old ... the worst time putting her to bed in years !!!!!!! 
wow this < PROPFIRST > Swayze/Barbara Walters special is making me cry ... 
feels on the verge of panic ... think I'll ask God to help me trust Him instead . 
My sweet son bought me a Pinkalicious Plunder at < PROPMALE>'s today . :) It was good , too ! 
new nephew's name is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) 7 lb 8 oz same as my brother and born on his birthday ! ( not related to him though , on < PROPMALE>'s side ) 
man the air coming in the window feels sooooooooooo good ! :) 
was wondering yesterday what the horrible smell was in my kitchen that only got worse even when I got rid of the trash , the trash can , and sprayed Oust 5x ... finally when < PROPMALE > was home he looked around and found the foul intruder : a rotten potatoe in my hanging basket !!!! Yuckers ! 
was thinking it might have been a mistake to buy these funky kangaroo shaped potato snax from Australia they had on sale at Aldi ... but the hot dog flavor it actually pretty good !!! :D 
just realized yesterday that Sunday was 20 years since < PROPMALE > asked me out ... could somebody PLEASE slow the hands of time ???? 
hopes no one was recording secret footage for What Not to Wear while I was at Walmart this a . m ... 
thanks my lovely brother for taking me to see Creed tonight !!! Very cool concert . 
was hemming < PROPFIRST>'s pants yesterday ... oops , forgot to do the 2nd leg !!! My mom can obviously not get here fast enough ! ;) 
wishes a Happy Thanksgiving to all her Canadian friends and families ! Eat some turkey for me , ours isn't for 5 more weeks . 
turned on the TV just in time to see Daughtry sing Life After You on < PROPFEMALE > !! yay ... 2 months ' til the concert !!! 
cannot wait to spend the entire day and evening with < PROPMALE > tomorrow ; snuggling in the back seat here we come !.... oh yeah , and U2 will be cool too . :) 
is it too late to say U2 was awesomeness personified ? 
is thanking God for His perfect timing and extravagant favor ... 
is considering eating the remainder of the homemade cookies , just to get them out of here ! :) But I better save some for the fam I guess ... 
If anyone can direct me to the black hole that consumed 2 of < PROPFEMALE>'s school shirts , one of her belts , a brand new pair of shoes of < PROPFIRST>'s , 2 prs of my slippers , and last but not least , our Nacho Libre DVD , I would really appreciate it . 
had a great time being at Nightmare once a week for the first time in a dozen years !!! Nice to feel like a little more direct part of it ... 
It’s a wonderful thing to be alive ! If a person lives to be very old , let him rejoice in every day of life ; but let him also remember that eternity is far longer , and that everything down here is futile in comparison . Ecc . 11:7 -8- TLB 
would like to take credit for this beautiful warm November weather : I put away my summer clothes last week . ;) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , past present and future ! Love you all . :) 
wow , I have never had so many happy birthday's in my life !!!! thanks everyone !!!!! I got a date with my hubby for the first time in not sure how long , so it was very wonderful . :) love back to you all ! 
off to the last soccer game of the season ... I was going to ban myself since they only seem to win games that I don't come to , but I can't miss the last one !!!! 
had a great damp and chilly Sundy curled up on the couch with a good book . My favorite kind ! :) 
thought New < PROPFEMALE > was AMAZING !!!! Loved every minute and can't wait to go again next week ... :) 
is so thankful every day for < PROPMALE > ... 
had a fabulous afternoon yesterday with a longtime couple friend ... thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is not looking forward to the day < PROPFEMALE > has PMS ... 
has only 2 weeks ' til we head to the Great White North for Christmas !! 
wonders how each of my kids has lost a belt since school started ... maybe they need to buy their own this time . 
has a hangnail that hurts like heck !!!! 
wonders wth is going on w/ Scrabble ??? 
is thanking God that kids need more sleep than parents ... otherwise I would go completely nuts ! 
is not sure I will forgive Daughtry for not playing my favorite song ... but the concert was still really good ! 
is exhausted ... 
got to meet my first 2 nephews yesterday !! So sweet ... 
highly recommends The Hunger Games and Catching Fire by < PROPFEMALE > Collins to anyone looking for some good fiction to read over the holidays ... only problem is book doesn't come out ' til August !!! 
wonders how my right quad is so stiff when I haven't done a thing ... 
wants all you Okies to know it is -10F this a . m ... but don't worry , it's a dry cold . ;) 
gets to have a sleepover tonight with an \old\ " friend ! :) yippee !! " 
is declaring 2011 the year of being in the right place at the right time ! :) 
leopard 
back to work today ; nice to see \ my lady\ " again . :) " 
found a great pair of slimming jeans at < PROPFIRST>'s for $10 !!! 
“Grace binds you with far stronger cords than the cords of duty or obligation can bind you . Grace is free , but when once you take it , you are bound forever to the Giver and bound to catch the spirit of the Giver . Like produces like ; grace makes you gracious ; the Giver makes you give . ” -- E . < PROPMALE > Jones 
should probably take down the Christmas tree today ... 
got lucky last night and had a surprise evening alone with my man ! :) Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and the boys ' friends ! 
anyone want to go to Wichita May 24th to see Lifehouse open for Daughtry ? we could split gas and hotel ! :) 
calling all Bachelor fans : who are your favorite girls ? I'm just watching the last couple episodes online ... 
shoot ! hate it when I overcook my poached eggs ... 
was already peeved with Fox 23 for adding 10:00 news , now they have to talk the entire evening about rain that will eventually freeze ? we get it already ! 
is still in my PJ's ... gotta love a snow day ! 
should really use this opportunity to do a < PROPMALE > clean-up in < PROPFEMALE>'s room ... but I think I'll watch an episode of the Bachelor first . 
Your Heavenly Father already knows all your needs , and He will give you all you need from day to day if you live for Him and make the kingdom of God your primary concern . 
has concluded the Grammy's are bogus not having Daughtry nominated or performing . WTH ??? 
really shouldn't purchase Braum's chocolate toffee premium ice cream ... it just tastes way too good , especially when stressed in any way . 
cannot believe < PROPMALE > sent poor sweet < PROPFEMALE > home and kept Vienna again who he obviously isn't into . Just proves my theory that the producers make them keep the most hated one ' til the final four because it happens EVERY time . 
Fresh grace is available from the moment you open your eyes until you crawl back under the covers at night . When we are satiated with God’s grace , it is much easier to extend grace to others ; but when we are on starvation rations ourselves , we have little to spare . -- from < PROPFEMALE > Walsh , Let Go 
Go Ono !!!!! 
is waiting for figure skating to start ... I don't really care about skiing or snowboarding that much . 
stayed up late to watch < PROPFIRST > Lysacek get the gold medal !!! I am tired but it was worth it ; he did so awesome and was so happy I couldn't stop smiling ! 
Show me the right path , O LORD ; point out the road for me to follow . Lead me by your truth and teach me , for you are the God who saves me . All day long I put my hope in you . Ps . 25:4 -5 NLT 
thought it was kinda cute watching < PROPMALE > cheer for ice dancing last night ... :) 
\The righteous ... do not fear bad news ; they confidently trust the Lord to care for them . They are confident and fearless ... share freely and give generously ... They will have influence and honor . \ " Ps . 112:7 -9 NLT " 
is wishing for a giant X to buzz the nutsy American Idol judges . They are driving me crazy . 
cannot believe the judges are actually making half an iota of sense tonight ... if that makes sense ? 
wonders where the 7 years have gone since my baby girl was born ... sniff , sniff . 
not sure I can really remember past 12 years ago when I wasn't yet a mom ... 
survived the big birthday weekend ... now just one more in a couple weeks and we're done ' til next year ! 
Sleet and snow , go away , I am going to Target today !!!! 
enjoyed our gab session -- I mean , book discussion , at our Guts Girl Club meeting tonight ! Boy we can really talk !!!! 
is amazed at how well I can overlook a mess in my house if I really want to ... i.e. if I really don't have the energy to do anything about it ! Not sure if that's good or bad ... 
Is anyone in the market for some frozen < PROPMALE > Spunkmeyer cookie dough my lovely daughter is selling for her class ? C'mon , you know you want to !!! :) There is also cheesecake , pizza , and funnel cakes ! 
somebody say a prayer for me ... I'm so tired I wanna cry and have a long day ahead . Thanks ! 
is excited about my weekend away ! It will be a nice break for one thing ... 
had a great weekend ; caught up on my sleep on top of it , which is a good thing cuz it will be another full week with another bday party to top it off ! 
feels like collapsing into bed for the evening but I have a houseful of boys ... again ! 
is off to the aquarium tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE>'s class ... here's hoping there will be a ton of chaperones again so I only have her and one friend to keep track of ! 
\All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle . \ " St. < PROPFIRST > of Assisi " 
~ my doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity ; I replied , no , we all seem to enjoy it . ~ :) ( got this from my cousin ) 
thinks I haven't updated my status in so long it's pathetic ! 
\Without enough sleep we all become tall 2 year olds . \"-- JoJo Jensen I soooooooo know that one to be true ! " 
has 3 Amish Friendship Bread starters to give out ; any takers ?? 
wonders if anyone has a Bowflex Treadclimber they're just longing to get rid of for next to nothing ... ( in my dreams ? ) 
is looking forward to the top 3 tonight !!! 
is pretty ticked off at the judges for picking a song < PROPFIRST > could do nothing with !!!!!! Makes me mad . Still voting for him and < PROPFIRST > , my 2 faves !! 
was told by < PROPMALE > that < PROPFEMALE > kicked his a ** , but I'm voting for < PROPFIRST > anyway ! 
isn't sure she's ready for this summer business ... 
2 < PROPFIRST > 1:2 Amp : May grace ( God's favor ) and peace ( which is perfect well-being , all necessary good , all spiritual prosperity , and freedom from fears ... ) be multiplied to you in [ the full , personal , precise , and correct ] knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord . 
has officially escaped from the heat ! 50 and rainy but I'm not complaining ! :) 
Sunshine ! :) < PROPFIRST > and I walked some laps around the yard today ; well , he ran some of them ! 
had lots of fun yesterday at the new and vastly improved Bassano pool ! Kids enjoyed the diving board and big slide and me and the boys had a bunch of races so got a great workout ! 
\Law activates the flesh ; grace activates the spirit . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
HUSBAND KUDDOS : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin ( including your waistline LOL ) who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are proud to be married to , copy and paste this to your status , changing the number of years : married going on 20 wonderful years !! 
is having a hard time deciding which I like more : strawberries or raspberries ( fresh from the garden ) with ice cream ... it's a toss up ! 
got home last night after midnight and it was still almost 90 degrees ... this is simply not acceptable . I had formally requested that Tulsa get its hot weather out of its system while we were in Canada this time !!!! 
is almost done unpacking ... it's a process ! 
is SO excited to eat Hideaway Pizza tonight for 1/2 price ! ( never eat it otherwise ... ) Just place a pick-up order online and use promo code \intro\ " if you want to enjoy ... " 
is REALLY annoyed that I woke up at 3 and couldn't sleep ' til after 5:30 ... this did not happen to me in Canada ! 
is so happy my kids had a great first day at a new school ! God is good ! 
Come on , cold front ! Bring our highs all the way down to low 90's!!! ( pretty sad when that starts to sound cool ... ) 
is pretty sure I said I would never home school ; never say never , starting now with my 7th grader ! Holy Moly !!!! 
I love my husband ; you have no idea ... HE reminded ME that 20 years ago today ( when I was 16 ) , we officially got engaged . Even though we picked out the rings together a month earlier , he still managed to surprise me ! He was so romantic back then ... :) 
is tired but it was SO worth taking my niece to see Hanson in concert last night ! Awesome as always ... :) 
is lovin ' almost needing a jacket this a.m. !!! OH yeah ! 
is so excited , just got tickets to see Lifehouse in 2 months !! One of my faves , first time live ... 
wonders what happened to our beautiful , cool mornings ???? 
gee , that breeze feels terrific ! :) 
found a box of clothes I wore in between maternity and regular clothes ; Bad news , most of the pants fit . :( Good news , I now have a couple \new\ " pairs of capris ! ( the other jeans were too hi-rise !! :P ) " 
If you don't go after what you want , you'll never have it . If you don't ask , the answer is always no . If you don't step forward , you're always in the same place . -- < PROPFEMALE > Roberts 
Desperate for a changing , starving for truth ; closer to where I started chasing after You ... 
has to recommend square trade warranty for all your extended warranty needs ... so much cheaper than at the store and GREAT service !!! ( Only if you want to use it let me email you a 20% off code so I get $5 :)) 
could not believe the amount of water on the soccer field from the dew this a.m. !!! It was like they were running thru puddles ; water flying everywhere ! 
Fall is in the air !!! :D I know , it's a bit sudden , but the rest of the week looks awesome ! 
can't believe I waited this long to join Netflix ! There is a TON of free movies/TV shows to watch instantly for us and the kids ! 
really shouldn't be sitting here right now , but I find it so hard to get motivated when I feel tired ... besides , need something to do while I drink my tea !!! 
is enjoying this weather , it's like Canadian summer !!! Kinda weird when you need air on in the car in the afternoon and heat in the morning ... 
needs recommendations for your favorite and at the same time , most affordable beach vacation ! We will have < PROPMALE > to get us there , so it's hotel and food prices I need to be economical ... 
Food for thought : \What if your son grew up and married someone like you ? \ " from Love and Respect by < PROPMALE > Eggerichs . Kinda makes you wanna treat your husband better than you already do ... :) " 
wishes a Happy Thanksgiving to all my Canadian peeps ! :) 
just felt a tremor ... and I mean the whole house shook ! 
I have the most awesome sister on the planet Earth ... how could I be so lucky and blessed ? I will have to ask God why He was so good to me when I meet Him in the sky one day .... 
had a GREAT time at the Lifehouse concert Saturday !!!! Nothing like an excellent concert by one of my favorite bands ... and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > did great too ! 
is wondering if anyone is selling Entertainment books for a fundraiser ? Might want one this year ... 
wishes I could somehow hyperspace me and the kids to < PROPMALE > over Thanksgiving ... 
A friend ... doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend ... they will know who they are . 
Thank you thank you thank you everybody for all the birthday wishes ! Wow , Facebook really makes me feel popular on my birthday !! :) Nice to have so many great friends ... 
well shoot . Shouldn'ta watched a sappy movie with < PROPMALE > over the phone ; now I miss him even more ... :( 
Weather fact : snowiest November , 2006 with 10.5 \!!!" 
here goes my last ditch effort : anyone want to drive with me and the kids out to < PROPMALE > next week ??? :D 
had a most interesting experience yesterday as part of a focus group . 
is thankful ; even though I didn't get to go to < PROPMALE > for a visit , even though the kids have been bickering more than usual the last week , and even though I woke up early for the 5th day in a row . Thank you Lord for all Your blessings ! 
is missing my < PROPFEMALE > today ... 
\Don’t look around you & become stressed . Don’t look within & be depressed . Look to Jesus & be at rest ! \ " Good word from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >." 
10 days and counting !!!!!!! 
made the mistake of watching a super-sad movie last night then couldn't stop crying after it was over ... and now I'm really tired !!!!! 
A first grade teacher collected old , well-known proverbs . She gave each child in her class the first half of a proverb , and had them come up with the rest . Here are some interesting results : 
thinks I can make it 6 more days ... 
has to say my fave Christmas album right now is by < PROPFIRST > Archuleta ... if you are one of those Christmas music lovers that I know , you really need to give it a listen if you haven't yet ! Perfect , soothing voice for it and just enough embellishment to make it interesting but not unrecognizable . :) 
has a little girl very much missing her Daddy . She doesn't want to talk to him on the phone , and says nothing about him for weeks , then all of a sudden is crying 3x yesterday about missing him ... :( 
is starting over , counting down the days , 6 days to go from tomorrow at noon ....... 
“Step Three of the Cancer Diet : Restructured , Ionized Water Could Save Your Life”\ 
“Water treated by electrolysis to increase its reduction potential is the best solution to the problem of providing a safe source of free electrons to block oxidation of normal tissue by free oxygen radicals . ”\ 
Dr. Hidemitsu Hayashi , M.D 
is thankful that His grace is made perfect in my weakness ! 
cannot believe what my daughter said to me when I picked her up at school today . I told her my hair would only be straight ( thanks to my hairdresser ) until I washed it ; when she got in the car and saw the curls she said \You have the worst hair in the world !!! \ " I think someone needs to teach that kid some manners !!! " 
Hip hip hooray , today's the day ! :D ( cheesy I know ... ) 
is extremely excited that we booked our 20th anniversary getaway today !!!! :) 
cannot believe I just made butter in my mixer out of raw cream ... it wasn't too hard !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
stayed up too late again , watching Shooter this time ; great movie though ! 
really enjoyed the COTM Christmas extravaganza last night ; best version of Little Drummer Boy ever , plus a pretty awesome rendition of The Grinch . Pastor < PROPFIRST > reading the Christmas story with beautiful live orchestra behind him was nothing short of fantastic ! 
< PROPFIRST > 14:27 : Jesus said , \I am leaving you with a gift-peace of mind and heart . And the peace I give is a gift the world can't give . So don't be troubled or afraid . Remember the words I have spoken to you\ " NLT " 
wonders why babies like to take their shortest naps when you decided to try to rest ... almost every time !!!!! 
is SUPER excited to finally have a treadmill in my house !!!!!!! 
really enjoyed True Grit !!! Who knew a western could be so enjoyable ? Laughed out loud many times . 
WHYYYY ???!!!! On the one day they could sleep in , ALL 3 of the kids up 30 < PROPFEMALE > before I've been waking them every day !!!!!!!! 
God is a God of increase . He wants us to rise higher and continually grow and reach new levels . What I sense in my spirit is that 2011 is going to be an exceptional year ; a year for you to see promises come to pass ; a year for you to accomplish your dreams . It’s going to be a year of surprises , and God is going to amaze you with His goodness ! -- Joel Osteen 
I'm SO stoked right now to be heading for the beach in a few short days , and for finding out today < PROPMALE > has a couple months of steady work as soon as we're back !! Praise God ! :) :) :) 
It's a good thing I'm leaving for the beach tomorrow ; need a week to relax and recuperate from planning my trip to the beach ! ;) A lot to think about when you leave 3 kids ! 
is at the most beautiful place I've ever been !! And the food is darn good too ... I foresee double time on the treadmill when I get back !! 
We awoke and got out to the beach before the sun did this morning . It was beautifull . I love my man . 
is easing back into being home from vacation ... still in P . J . ' s . Also not wanting to eat if I have to fix it and clean it up ! :P 
had THE MOST amazing time on the Riviera < PROPFEMALE > last week ... I highly recommend Secrets Maroma Beach for a romantic getaway !!! Really wanna go back ... like , now . 
Is it just me or did Mick Jagger look like a bobblehead last night , with his ultra-skinny legs and his big caricature-like head ? 
regularly thinks of things to post as my status , then forget what they are when I sit down in front of the computer . Guess I need a smart-phone to properly do Facebook ... 
can't believe my baby turns 8 today , and my oldest will be 13 on Sunday !!!!!! 
REALLY hates to admit this , but I almost enjoyed < PROPFIRST > Lambert's performance last night ... OK , OK ; I actually DID !!! 
just took < PROPFEMALE > to Tangled again ; LOVE that movie !! Definitely one of my favorite animated films , EVER !! And 3D in the $1's can't be beat . 
is going to ask one more time , does anyone have an 8mm video camera/player that I could borrow ? Got a bunch of home movies I need to transfer somehow ... 
wonders where < PROPFEMALE>'s jeans have wandered off to ... the newest pair too ! 
“I will be glad and rejoice in Your unfailing love , for You have seen my troubles , and You care about the anguish of my soul”\ 
( Psalm 31:7 , NLT ) 
just finished reading My Sister's Keeper ; the ending made me so mad !!!! Wth was the point of the whole book if THAT was gonna happen ???? 
needs a volunteer to help chaperone my boys ' birthday sleepover starting now ... Barry busy at work , HELP !!! :) 
is SO ready for spring break to be over !!! Don't get me wrong , love my kids ; but I think we all need a break from each other ! 
is really enjoying these herring fillet in mustard dill cream sauce ! Kinda like sardines only better . :) 
is trying to believe that it was really 20 years ago I married my first love ........ 
Is sad , but not near as sad as Kaitlyn ... we were expecting guests from Canada tonight but their flights fell through !!! 
