My reasultion is to stop living in the past and look toward the future ... 

Fuck it ... 
I want this year to end already .... 
Happy new years ... 
2011 is a new year . It feels the same as before tho ... 
Goddamn . I gotta go to school tomorrow ... That is so not fair . I need a longer weekend haha . X3 . Haha no more staying up late for me , i think haha 
Loving the rain ! it feels so good ... So sad and depressing :3 
Who knew that bugging a brid could be fun .... 
Holy shit , why does things ened up being so crappy ? 
I can not stand this , why did i even try ? I even told < PROPFEMALE > , the day that it happens , thats the day im gonna die ... Hmmm I got a crazy idea now 
I still wish that I NEVER meet him ... Then I wouldn't feel like shit ... But I can't regret meeting him ... 
When i was walking home , i thought i heard someone calling me . The voice sounded familair , i guess it was just the wind . 
It hurts just being in the same room . Is it bad that it feels like this ? 
A broken heart is like glass . Its better not to try to fix it than hurting yourself more . And its hard to find the peices that broke beond repair . 
Hmmm what should I do ? Should I try ? It might end up being a mistake in the end , but me being alive still is a mistake .... 
People always deny the things they want the most in life . Its a common fact , its just we can't face the truth about it . We can get hurt because of that ... 
Halloween is a day full of demons , vampires and many more . Its the only day I can be myself ... I have a goodie full of surprizes . Hopefuly it will last ... 
I don't like this . Everything is wet . Why the fuck would it rain ?! 
Why does it have to rain a day before halloween ? Thats no fair 
Why does it has to rain a day before halloween ? That is so not fair 
< PROPFEMALE > can't wait till tomorrow , I'm a little worried . He must have planned something , but he won't tell me . I keep wondering about it but his eyes are distracting me . >\\\\\\\\< I just love the color ... 
I hate this month for only one reason .... 
We are talking about this alien movie in history . Its a little weird . I stoped paying attation . 
For everything that you have missed you gained something in return .... for everything you have gained something you have missed something else .... This is the way things work , you can either regret or rejoice .... 
For everything that you have missed you gained something in return . For everything you have gained something you have missed something else . This is the way things work , you can either regret or rejoice . 
The people who seem the happiest is usally the one that is hurting the most , but most of the time , it be too late to relize the truth 
Labels are for filing . Labels are for clothing . Labels are not for people . 
The knife to my throat is my only escape . I rather just be dead sometimes .... 
XD I can't believe he doesn't mind me bugging him . He is the BEST . 
I got nothing to do ... Whoever wanna talk , message me or whatever .... 
Ugh , I am unable to sleep ... Too many unwanted thoughts keep appearing .... 
Damn these hated thoughts . Why can't they shut up ?! I swear its more annoying then Sky . Ugh ... I want to drown them out ... 
Damn .... Another sleepless night , whatever I don't care right now .... 
Die ... Gooddamn it ... Die ... Ugh whatever ... 
Goddamn , can't this ipod go any higher ? I just want this to end ... Block all the unwanted even if its just for a little bit ... 
Ugh .... I want beer to drown it all out ... I drown it all 
Its funny how when you are hurting the most , people ignores you and won't even look at you , it just makes things hurt even more ... 
Pretend that we never knew each other , forget each others name and just walk away . Turn around and head in different directions , like we never knew each other . Just walk away , Never look back .... 
O.o holy shit ... I just seen a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ... Thats my 3rd one now .... Wow , i never made a wish before .... 
Fuck , fuck , fuck you -_-'' . Love is close to hate , it can easily switch . One false mistake , it might be your last 
:D . I'm so happy ! He is too <3 
O.o its so < PROPFEMALE > 
..... My sister says I love him .... I wonder if she is right ... Whatever , I won't care if I do <3 . I hope he feels the same <3 <3 <3 
He is everything to me <3 . I just love him . Things do work for the best sometimes <3 <3 <3 . 
XD Haha rockstar ovrload !! 
I'm reading this book in class , I'm not paying attation though . I'm thinking about my bf <3 . I'm also playing with my dog callor i got on ^^ . 
I'm thinking about my bf <3 . I'm also playing with my dog callor i got on ^^ . 
I rather just die and the pain i cause people will disapear .. 
These dreams are gettin to real ... What should be done about it ? 
Sounds of wind hums softly in the background , the darkness in my room never seem so inviting ^^ 
For the last few hours I'v been trying to convince my best friend to not kill himself . He is bullied at school for being gay and it made things even more hurtful when his bf for 3 years broke up with him . I won't allow him to die ... 
Could someone give me some advice ? I'm so confused on what to do about this ..... Augh ... Help !!!! 
Augh !!! I do not want to deal with this shit !!!. The ipod won't loud enough to block these unwanted thoughts ! I can't and I shouldn't .... 
I love this type of weather , there is light out but no sun . And its kinda cold . 
Its so foggy . Haha .... 
Damn ... The sent , its getting too much ... 
Let all hell loose , with me being a solider and killing people with the snap of his fingers . A deadly wepon , with demons in my soul , doesn't who you are , how close you are to me you'll still be a target . 
Fuck you asshole . If you don't know why we are even together then tell it to my fucking face , not over a text . 
Whatever ... I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > ... EVERYTHING is DEAD <3 
You know what , I'm just going to try to pretend that it doesn't hurt me ... 
Its so fucking cold XD . But the night sky is so pretty ! 
I'm going to get < PROPFEMALE > drunk ... I'm going to be so fucked up ... Nobody cares what I do :| . I'm not sure if I should love it or be sad about it ... 
I want to watch the night sky and just fall asleep ... 
Wow ... I'm falling apart :/ ... I can't sleep anymore . People will leave you alone when you need them most :( . That is a sad truth that i know IS true .. 
I hate it when people say they are so different and that they don't fit in ... How can they not fit in and have the best of friends and knows that they can trust them ?. At least they have people that LIKE them for who they are ... 
23rd already ?. Now the countdown begains ... 4 more days till my b-day . I wonder what i might get ... ;] 
'' Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? '' - Mad Hatter 
I think I'm going mad .... But I once heard that the best of people is mad . :) . If I have to go crazy , at least I will have a blast freaking everyone out . The weekdays , will be absulte best in the day but the night will bring only pain .... 
Ask me any question you want to know about me , i will anwser truthfuly 
For everyone that is slowly breaking apart , there is someone in the background wishing they can be there to help you get through it ... 
Lock all the doors , Turn off all the lights , Blast the music , Feel it go all around the darkness , Get lost in the night <3 
I am still half asleep ... Ugh ! 
The wind going across the dead earth feels peaceful but its so sad to see the earth dead ... </3 
Run ! The day of killer turkeys is near XD . 
Lay down your head\ 
Quickened pace of our hearts\ 
Hearing the creak of the bed\ 
Now I'm pretty sure without you , i might fall apart\ 
\ 
Our breaths mixing together , its just us tonight\ 
With you holding me tight\ 
Only thing I feel is the heat\ 
This just feels too sweet .... 
... Our breaths mixing together , its just us tonight\ 
Ugh ... This day is already going bad ... Haha , its kinda sad that I knew this would happen ... 
O.o i gots to hide on saterday 
I wish i was old enough to party with my cousin ... 
I got nothing to do ... Anyone awake ?? 
Blah .... 
Vreau s ? te uit ... Uit ? c ? am iubit-o vreodat ? tine ... Uitati ce mi-ai spus ... Uita cât de mult m-ai r ? nit ... \ 
???? ?? ??? ?????? ... ??????? ??? ??? ???? ??????? ... ??????? ?, ?? ??? ????? ??? ... ??????? ???? ????? ?? ????????? ... 
I'm going to make it bend and break . Say a pray and let the good times roll . In case , god doesn't show . Let the good times roll . And I want these words to make things right , but its the wrongs that make the words come to life , who does he think he is ? 
L-am lasat mintea mea merge , iar acum l-am pierdut ... 
Turn around and head in different directions , \ 
Like we never , it's like we never knew each other at all . \ 
We said what we feel , then we stop ourselves , \ 
And just walk away . \ 
Never looking back , \ 
Loving every second of it , \ 
we just walk away . 
O.o its freezing ... I need puppy fur <3 . I love < PROPFEMALE > , she is the best !! 
Ugh ... This morning is a fail ... 
Ugh ... I got a headache ... I'm might go to sleep 
O.o its cold ... 
This class sucks ass ... 
Anyone bored ? Text or message me :) 
Haha beat that you stupid cold morning ! I got a warm jacket . :D o.O oh noes , my hands are freezing T.T hmmm at least I tryed haha 
Bored .... This is getting annoying ... 
Hmmmm am I good singer ? I'm not sure that I am 
I think I might get sick .... Help ... I shouldn't have done that .... 
Couldn't sleep .... Right its just getting me cold 
Couldn't sleep .... Right now its just getting me cold 
And i leave this life behind me :) 
Hmmmm maybe I'm just not ment to be happy .... 
I love the way steam looks 
Uhhhh ... The dream woke me up .... That was TOO real .... 
Wow , is it possible to get a glismp into the future by your dreams ? A lot can change .... 
You can be the peanut butter to my jelly\ 
You can be the butterflies I feel in my belly\ 
You can can be the captain\ 
I can be your first mate\ 
You can be the chills that's I feel on our first date 
-Sigh- Why is that I aways get yelled at no matter what I do ...? Oh I give up .... 
Lesson 3 is just a tease , send those nudes and make me drool . Hit me up , make me cum , want to sex i'll show you some . Sticky drama all the way , want my < PROPMALE > you got to pay , see what my tumbs can do , time to use my tounge on you . XD 
Am I too bad to go to heaven or am I too nice to go to hell ? Even in death I bet I can't truely belong anywhere ... Whatever , its something I ALWAYS seem to have known even if I didn't want to admit it ... 
Little by little ... I am realizing that i have more reasons to die than to live ... 
Things that seem the most real , \ 
Are things that when they break its ment to kill . \ 
Love is a wanted time , \ 
But after its done , what can only be felt has to be a crime . \ 
'' I'm ok '' are words that are said so light , \ 
They dissapear into the night . \ 
It's a mistake , for even believing that this was real . \ 
Roses are red , voliets are blue , nobody knows how much that i still love you . 
i was love drunk but now i'm hungover XD 
I don't get things anymore .... 
Dying inside , hear the thoughts , wanting to vanish .... 
I know what i want for christmas ... Just one thing ... 
Ugh ... My mind won't shut up ! please be quiet ... 
Ugh . The guys were so fun before ... What the fuck happened to them ?? 
Haha wow , that was the best ! the guys weren't boring after all ;3 
Goodbyes are easier than saying nothing at all ... It may hurt but the truth about byes is that you know that they might come back .... Maybe 
I can't handle this ... One of these days might be my last 
I feel so weird ... 
One last breath , one last tear , permament choice to short bursts of pain ... 
I got way too much stuff to handle ... There was one thing to help me but its gone now ... 
Out of all the people in the school , why does his brother find it ? That is something i don't really get ... 
I want to dissapear ... Noone would care ... 
What i once heard in a dream , i thought about it ... Now i might think that its a good idea .... I'm not needed here ... I'm better off dead ... Noone can change my mind ... 
I feel dizzy ... But i'm not gonna eat ... Hmmm what would happen ? 
I'm bored ... Somebody text or message me 
Ugh ! my mom made me stay home . Ima miss the showcase 
O.o holy crap . Movies are so much better when you blast the speakers . 
I want to forget , that will make me happy but it would hurt even more when i remember again .... 
Haha f@(k , i need to get snake bites and dye my hair O.o hmmm i wonder if he can help me dye my hair X3 ima kick his @$$ if he messes it up 
Ugh .... I don't want to deal with this ... 
I miss falling asleep to the soud of the quiet darkness making me so safe ... 
I wanna get rockstar but i am just too damn lazy to get it outa my shoe XD 
I don't know what to do ... I hate the way i still feel ... Its too damn late to say sorry ... 
I am hiding from my mom . I hate getting in trouble but its just too much fun to stop haha 
Ugh ... Time to wake up ... 
O.o i am offiacial crazy XD 
The day goes great intill 5th , now I just feel crappy . Just Damn them all to hell , I will see all of them there . 
I'm looking to start a band , anyone up for it ? Text or message me if you want info or you want to join . 
O.o dreaming about ghosts , my dead dog , a day like like this with an extremly strange twist at the end 
Ugh ... I hate assemblys 
Just fuck it ... I'm going to have fun 
I'm at BK with < PROPFEMALE > friends 
Fuck , i give up ! i'm always fucking things up ... 
Did you ever feel like a ghost ? not to be heard nor be seen ? always forced to see people have fun , and your always forced to watch and never join ... 
M-am saturat de a incerca , i sa oprit in plans , dar in interiarul eu sunt pe moarte ... Esti lumea mea intill spun la revedere . Eu ehiar te iubesc 
Hmmm its a nice day ... I like it 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , what i want for christmas is < PROPMALE > to be happy without it disapeering like everything else in this sad attempt at what you call my life 
i love walking in the rain ... 
Is going to pass out , and forget everyone and everything ... Maybe 
I love waking up this late :) 
Just finished taking my dog a shower in the bathroom cause my dad told me to , now me and < PROPFEMALE > are getting yelling at cause we are both soaked , at least she got cleaned ... 
I miss the way we laughed , the way we smiled ... I can't stand being away ... 
Holy fucking shit ! my mom always says random shit T.T and comes at random times 
I love the way my head works when i wake up , most people wake up and the think they gotta pee , other people think they can go back to sleep or they think of their bf/gf , but me , nope not me ... Never do ... Always something so different ... 
Haha i need to buy a boat now XD . Anyone wanna come . I'll take them for a ride ;3 . Haha it would be fun 
Haha wow i didnt know johnaton could move like that XD . I thought he was a good boy , haha wow , he must have a lot of free time hahaha 
Little by little , i'm starting to lose my mind .. Is there anyone who can keep me sane ? 
Haha i love walking in the rain ... Helps me clear my mind .... 
I fucked up bad ... Now i really do feel like shit ... Ugh !! 
Could somebody just kill me and get it over with already ...? 
Well , i hope this day goes better than yesterday ... 
I love the sound of purring . Its so relaxing . 
Die shadow , die ... Shadow can't want to live anymore ... Her scars can't heal anymore ... 
I have been called a bitch , a slut , and ect .. Its something i'm used to ... Am i really those things ? i guess so 
Watching movies , i got nothing better to do ... 
Things should try to be forgotten , feeling that would make people turn rotten . Forget the lies , the name , the way you felt or you will be haunted by the past , they will follow no matter how fast . 
I'm going to spend the rest of the day in a graveyard :3 . At least , i can have time to think ... 
Chirstmas in a graveyard .. I couldn't ask for more 
Im going back to the graveyard ... My dad and gf are fighting because of me ... I can even make christmas turn crappy ... I'm going to try to forget everything ... I got too many fucking regrets .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , its soooo much better if you wake up all alone ... Yep what a perfect moment to start a crappy day .... 
Anyone want to text or talk to me ? i'm pretty bored ... 
He had a plan to kill you all along ... 
Hmm too early to wake up , im goin back to sleep ... 
On my way to the mall . Gonna spend like crazy ! 
: < too many people X3 haha 
Omg i gotta get outa her b4 i go crazy ! i have my hair dye X3 im too impainctent , or however you spell it X3 
Ignore what your heart is telling you , its just a trap ! just a fucking trap to get you kill from the inside out ! screw the fucking lies you loved to tell for they are as fake as you ! 
Everything is going into a blur , its fun tho X3 
Im bored beond bored 
'' It doesn't matter what i say , you know your just another one of my mistakes . You are so beuitiful , you are the kind of girl that has the chemicals , that makes me fall in love '' 
It too early for me to wake up right now .... Waking up to Escape the Fate blasting is awsome tho X3 
'' Is it the way that you talk thats causes me to freak ? is it the way that you laugh thats making my heart beat ? is it the way that you kiss ? it gotta be the way that you taste '' 
Damn ... Now I'm not sure anymore .... 
Once again , racing thoughts won't allow me to sleep , haunted by the truth that i won't allow myself to believe ... 
I got a bit of a headache still ... 
Wow , who could've known ? I sure as hell didn't ... 
I hate it when people want to kill themselves , just cause they think nobody will miss them ... I'm aloud to say that i've been in both death and life ... Neither will bring happiness .. But people love and care about them ... 
What the hell is wrong with people today ??? I can't get ahold of them ... And i was just talking to them too 
Getting 80$ soon ... I'ma ask him to the movies ... I hope that he says yes . I will be so happy !! 
I can't wait till my dad gets outa the shower . He's taking me somewhere , im not sure where yet tho haha 
Who is the person u'll miss the most ? I know mine , but theres a reason why ... 
Too many hurt feelings .. 
.... goddamn i can't sleep anymore .. Might as well start walking to school ... Ugh its colds . < PROPMALE > should keep me warm :3 
Too many questions that hasn't been anwsered ... Fate just give a sign to know that we were ment to be together ... 
De ce ti-am spus noroc pentru a va de oameni care stiu ? Te iubesc , te place de ea , ce naiba ! Sa o gramadn de rahat ! Eu ar trebui sa grabbste-te si arde-o . Permite doar speranta < PROPFEMALE > este pastrarea cu ochii tine ... 
Ce naiba !!! :/ ugh ... 
Wow , i just woke up . Haha . Its awsome ! I'm not even close to being tired 
Te iubesc ? Aceasta este o minciunal ca chiar si eu < PROPFEMALE > pot spune < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Just fuck you all ... I'm sick of the lies you guys love to tell ... Leave me be if you dont like me ... 
Ignore the lies ... Avoid the hidden truth i would never accept ... 
Through the mirror , i saw that the world was full of vainty . My eyes are alone to see the truth . Compared to the world that we both grew up in , your sane . Around you my soul starts to fade , away from you my soul comes back ... 
Dude ... I'm having the worse day i ever had ... 
Nenorocit ... Ugh .. 
I'm starting to see shit now ... 
Go away ! leave me alone !! i can't deal with this anymore ... 
Hiding from the world in my headphones ... I want it to stop and tell me the truth already 
Like this if you want me to give you a name in romanian . :) 
I found a cat awhile ago tonight ... Out of all the names it had to be .. It ended up being his .. And worse .. The cat is a boy and sumhow got into my room ... 
I got no room in this heart , gonna tear you apart . Death to your heart 
We drove to Cali\ 
And got drunk on the beach\ 
Got a motel and\ 
Built a fort out of sheets\ 
I finally found you\ 
My missing puzzle piece\ 
I'm complete\ 
Let's go all the way tonight\ 
No regrets , just love\ 
We can dance , until we die\ 
You and I , will be young forever 
Its cold !. I need coffie 
We don't talk that much anymore .. Do you know what the saddest part is ? we use to talk everyday ... 
Walking to go see < PROPFIRST > ... I need to get my head cleared ... 
I can't believe it .. I'm falling in love with you . Fuck that ! I am in love with you . :) you know who you are . I love you baby boy !!! 
I'm in my classes bored out of my mind ... Got nothin better to do .. 
'' Been looking forward to the future , but my eyesight is going bad . And the crystral ball its always couldy , except for when you look into past ... '' 
Secrets are ment to be keep to yourself ... But what do you do when you have a feeling that you have to tell them ...? 
I give up !! I am fed up with school , i rathr just get my ass shot in the military !! 
The moring feels good to walk in but i hate it when i gotta wake up ... 
I don't know what to do ... I'm getting way too confused about this ... 
Oh yea . I just realized that i was being walked around with a dog leash .. XD that was fun ... Intill -the name gets blurried- starting being a < PROPMALE > to me ... Why can't people let me be who i am ?? 
I just woke up ... I had the weirdest dream ... It felt so real ... I liked it tho ... 
I'm having the worse day ever ... 
Watching pan's labyrnth ... Its the best 
Theres a little truth to every '' just kidding''\ 
Theres a little pain to every '' I don't care''\ 
Theres knowledge to every '' I don't know''\ 
Theres always a troubled past to every smile made ... 
One day you realize everything you have been looking for was standing right in front of you and it might be too late ... 
You stole my heart but i had it first-escape the fate 
People say your thoughts are your only way to a safe heaven ... But what happens when your happy place might be everyone's hell ? ^ ,.., ^ 
Really ? again ? wow ... 
i woke up , its too damn early ! damn ... Time to sleep again haha 
When i'm alone , everyone leaves my mine , and i feel better .. But yet , my heart always trying to tell me to remember .. 
I've been thinkin about the way i want people to die under my hands ... Its pretty gnarly and gory stuff so far ... Criminal minds , you give me awsome naughty ideas haha .... 
I got way too many thoughts in my head , and i swear i keep hearing my phone go off ... The only one who keeps me sane don't have his phone .. The one who makes me feel normal , is offline ... The guy who makes me smile , had to go to sleep ... The guy who i want to be near , is at '' wtf , where r u '' 
My feelings are getting me so confused ... I'm honestly afaird of them now ... I don't know what to say , how to act , or even feel ... I smile when i talk to ... Can make me smile even if i had a crappy day ... 
The saying '' Fck for money '' just came into mind haha . X3 talk about random 
I'm loving the color of the < PROPFEMALE > ... Why can't i walk to where i can see it withoujt turnin back ..? 
Put a spear in my heart and watch it rip apart ... Put a gun to your head , and i'll watch you beg ... Don't say a single sound as you all hit the ground ... 
People say that i'm living in sin haha Well .. God put us here WITHOUT clothing , so , we are living in sin till we're naked and free haha . TAKE THAT !! 
A simple gift is gave out of love just to a smile ... \ 
Its something that i wanted to see because of me for its been awhile ... \ 
Then catching me by surprize you offered up a hug .. \ 
I loved that the most , but theres something that buged ... \ 
Is the way that my heart went , thud .. \ 
Thats when i'm sure that the scar you left , opened and down went the sad blood ... 
Smile to avoid unwanted truth ... Cry only when your alone ... Love as if its your last ... When you need someone the most , everyone decides to leave ... 
My best and worse month is november ... If i could relive it and hopefuly change .. I would ... But sadly i can't go back ... 
Oww ! Stupid knife ... I was cutting something and i ended up cutting my hand .. Good thing its not that bad .. Maybe T.T 
Don . ' t really understand these feelings ... Its new ... And unwanted .. 
What does it mean if you wake up crying ...? 
Mm the sky is < PROPFEMALE > pretty ... 
God damn it ! its cold T.T 
Time goes by quickly .. It just means something good will happen :3 
Whoever made up finals , i got a few words for you >:( 
I feel weird .. And not in that good way either ... 
Feels like curling up and die under a rock ... 
Why does he look past me even though he is the only one who i want to see me ...? i can't fathom it .. Not even close ... 
I think its time to go loner for a bit ... I need to get my facts about who i am .. I don't remember who or what i am anymore ... 
Hearing the the heartbeat is relaxing .. Between me and you , i find it excithng when the beating slowly stops ... 
Got to many thoughts ... Must shut them up ! ugh .... 
O.o god damn ... Why haven't i been able to go to sleep ...? why ?? 
It's hiding in the dark\ 
It's teeth are razor sharp\ 
There's no escape for me\ 
It wants my soul , \ 
It wants my heart\ 
No one can hear me scream\ 
Maybe it's just a dream\ 
Or maybe it's inside of me\ 
Stop this monster ! 
I love the rain . Even if i'm stuck walking in it :3 
I really want to know if i try , I would make it ... Well , it wouldn't to try ... So I'm going to try ... 
I don't want to sleep ... He's going to be in my dreams ... The dreams of him goes into nightmares ... 
I got to sleep ... Finally ... 
I get the difference between loving someone and being in love with them ... Why did it suddenly come to an understanding within my heart ...? 
I'm lovesturcked . I was liking in hell till you casted your spell- botdf 
I'm lovesturcked . I was living in hell till you casted your spell- botdf 
I'm the killer with the knife-botdf 
Things are getting confusing ... The way i feel ... 
I'm going to hate tomorrow ... 
Woah ... I went to sleep as soon as i came home ... I'm bearly waking up .. Hmm time to hunt for dinner in the mess of my room X3 
I'm in history right now . The class is super easy . I'm listening to lovestruck , i just adore the song >\\\\\\\\< . 
Night after night , I'm being hunted by the past .. 
Please just take away the pain stuck in my broken heart ... 
Ewwww ! kit-kats and turky sandwhichs tastes NASTY together ... 
Damn ... Damn ... Damn it ! -punches the wall- i can't stand it anymore ... 
I gotta wake up early so i'm going to sleep ... I hope .. Night everyone , who cares about me haha just kidding ... Noone does ... Bai ! 
Ummm couldn't get any sleep ... I kept waking up ... I woke up and i saw i was with my dog .. Outside ! but at least i was able to to spend the night with her . She knows the truth ... When i cry , she makes me smile .. 
I love closing my eyes when there is no light around .. Makes me feel calmer ... Helps me forget .. 
Sometimes its better just to block the world out with music ... 
O.o omg i got hacked 
I feek so dead inside .. Maybe once in awhile , i feel alive ... Just a little bit 
What to do ... What should i do ...? tell the truth ... Or stay in this lie ... I got a feeling that i should tell him .. But i'm just not sure how'd he react to it ... < PROPFEMALE > , i need your help with this ... 
Oh noes ! I beat the game ! Ugh ... What am i going to do now ...? 
I want to watch you die !!! i want you to feel the way i'v been feeling ... You would want to die 
The way I feel is undenyable , no matter how much I don't want it to be true ... You never feel the way I feel for you ... Its just a simple fact that i < PROPFEMALE > 
rned ... Its unfair but that is one thing i'm used to ... 
These hands spilt blood , the emotions start to bottle up inside starting to flood ... The escape is misunderstood for pain and rage ... I'm stuck inside of 
 this neveropening cage ... I can't deal with this i just feel so dead ... 
I want to die ... 
Is wanting to find the nearest gun and shoot her head off ... Is trying to figure out if she should cry or hate him ... Is faking her smile for the last time ... 
Is alone , thinking to herself ... Is wondering why doesn't she just get it over with .. Is trying not to want to die ... 
I think my heart just dropped from my chest and fell out of my foot and broke ... 
I would love to get a flower for v-day -wink wink- 
I wanna rock your body . Love me or hate me but you wanna fuck me 
