edjfe5wyuteyuiyrfsekudjhgbeuiryt9834wt5874eyteriuht7i5er Thats what I say . 

\Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one who gets burned . \ " -Buddha " 
You look so fragile as I fuck with your head 
Time to not remember the night and blow things uppp ... ! WOO 
You can give you your hand , you can make your demands , i'm the hardest mother fucker to please ! 
2 + 2 , i'm gon ' undress you . Then we gon ' go 3 and 3 , you gon ' undress me . Then we gonna go 4 and 4 , we gon ' freak some more ! 
Wave pool . 
The mind is everything . What you think you become . 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It's means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
WoOoOoOo !!!! 
My head hurts this shit isn't getting me high- My chest is so tight , am I going to die- My stomach's in knots and the room starts to spin- As I wait for this Valium to slowly kick in ... 
Zoooooooo <3 
My face hurts . 
Go fuck yourself <3 
Oohh classes tomorrow ... so excited .... Er something like that 
ugh . 
My phone is yet again broke .. It went in a cup of water . 
Ahh , I love insomnia .. <3 notttt 
It's cool , I got it .. 
BAM it's light out ... and i'm still awake . 
Dear to Whom it may concern , I ain't built like you should I face the world ? And I don't hate like you . Yeah , you failed to learn . You see me ? I was made to earn , I know you heard that .. 
Hold the hand of your best friend , look into their eyes and then watch them drift away ... 
Whatever . 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . 
My head hurts . 
My stomach feels like its ripping apart . 
Work out your own salvation . Do not depend on others . 
Go to hell fucking assholes 
Act like nothing and you'll start to become nothing . 
, mjfhsayudgweyutfwuyftufyweuygfwy thats how it goes 
Boredddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
Ooooh baby I hate your face ... Everydayy yeah yeahhh 
\When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams . \"" 
Selfish persons are incapable of loving others , but they are not capable of loving themselves either . 
I be the hatred in your eyes and the Satan in your lives And wasting my times with these snakes in disguise How come when you talk its with bitter and spite 
Fuck youuuuu 
Smile . 
Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored ... and .... Im bored . 
lets drink 
People change but it's not always for the better . 
It's better to fail than never to try . 
Three things cannot be long hidden : the sun , the < PROPFEMALE > , and the truth . 
Fuck everyone . 
Fuck ALMOST everyone . Better ? 
No sleep . two finals . Still don't know shit about them .... Fuckin A . 
Happy Mama day ! 
Bitterness is like cancer . It eats upon the host . But anger is like fire . It burns it all clean . 
I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that\ 
you can learn to let go . Things go wrong so that you appreciate them\ 
when they're right . You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust\ 
no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better\ 
things can fall together . 
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths . 
A great flaw in men is their inability to open wide their < PROPFEMALE > eyes . And it shows ! 
A lie may take care of the present , but it has no future . 
Sleep . Class . Work . Repeat . 
Fate is never fair . You are caught in a current much stronger than you are . Struggle against it and you will drown not just yourself but those who try to save you . Swim with with it , and you will survive . 
A sharp tongue \ 
can slit its own throat . 
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most . 
sleep time . 
We came together underneath the stars\ 
above . What started out as liking soon developed into love . I sense a\ 
certain something that , in my heart , felt so true that I knew I waited\ 
all my life to fall in love with you . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
You are not special . Your are not a beautiful or unique snowflake . You are the same decaying organic matter as everything else . 
Watching Steelers <3 vs . Tampa Bay Bitches gameee 
Thank you to all for birthday wishes :-) 
Cant sleep . :-( 
Like sucks . 
drink til you cant feel feelings 
so so so so so tired . 
He who knows nothing , loves nothing . / He who can do nothing , understands nothing . / He who understands , nothing is worthless . 
You wanna talk about it ? \ 
\ 
I'm begging you to walk in my shoes any time\ 
Watch the clock till you unwind . \ 
You wanna cry about it ? \ 
It's making me consider that I've lost my mind . \ 
The way I see , you must be blind ... 
“Unless\ 
your heart , your soul , and your whole being are behind every decision\ 
you make , the words from your mouth will be empty , and each action will\ 
be meaningless . Truth and confidence are the roots of happiness . ” 
Our dependency makes slaves out of us , especially if this dependency is a dependency of our self-esteem . If you need encouragement , praise , pats on the back from everybody , then you make everybody your judge . 
Things will never be the same once you understand game\ 
Once you recognize the dirty way that everybody play \ 
Only two type of people in the world today - \ 
Predators and prey . 
You think you bad but you ain't bad\ 
I'll show you what bad is . \ 
Bad is when you capable of beatin ' the baddest . \ 
I been workin ' at it ever since I came to this planet\ 
And I ain't quite there yet but I'm gettin ' better at it .. 
I hear so many cryin ' that the game aint fair \ 
Here's a tissue for your issue go on ' wipe them tears ... 
Your birth is a mistake you'll spend your whole life trying to correct 
If my body was on fire\ 
You would watch me burn down in flames\ 
You said you loved me , you're a liar\ 
Cause you never ever ever did , baby\ 
But , darling , I'd still catch a grenade for you\ 
Throw my hand on the blade for you\ 
I'd jump in front of a train for you\ 
You know I'd do anything for you\ 
I would go through all this pain\ 
Take a bullet straight through my brain\ 
Yes I would die for you baby\ 
But you won't do the same 
Any change , even a change for the better , is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts . 
?????????????????????????? \ 
?????????????????????????? 
Off my rocker but of course I keep on rockin ' 
Another loose cannon gone bi-polar\ 
Slipped down , couldn't get much lower . \ 
Quicksand's got no sense of humor . \ 
I'm still laughing like hell . 
Honest is how I want to look . The truth doesn’t glitter and shine 
I'm lactose intolerant , Cheese heads make me sick . 
AHHH I love < PROPMALE > <3 tee < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm tired of being sickkkk :-( 
