Do you think < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > had good sex ? 

Gots me facebook back 
God damn womanhood .. 
Must fix fuses !! 
I got my car passed ! No more illegal driving ! 
BANG BANG BANG BANG ! 
Someone , please , rip out my teeth 
Booga matches ! 
GWWAAAARR !!! 
I'm goin ' shootin'! 
I want my jacket NOW ! 
Started the New Year off right with a kiss from my baby ! 
What is my name ?! 
I want my damn jacket ! Fucking < PROPFIRST > Watson ! 
One lifetime gone and now my soul is dead . The angels just shake their heads . 
is REALLY craving Roadhouse rolls .. 
WHAT IS MY NAME ?! 
I don't want to do this anymore 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Johnston , June 22 , 1987 - January 30 , 2010 . I love you , and I will miss you so much . Where ever you and Mama and < PROPFIRST > are , we hope you're having a blast . 
I love my family 
Standing in the rain with one coin for a phone booth call . Oh < PROPFEMALE > , the station told me that they didn't even know your name . 
TWOO WWEEEEKS ! 
To take it easy is not that easy when time is a bitch . 
First day of Spring ! Time to break out the short shorts 
Anybody want to come to Glamis with me ? 
Lost my phone , everybody call it , see what asshole might have it . 
I can't stop smelling my fingers .. Goddamn cheeseburger .. 
has insurance ! Well , starting at midnight . 
Just got back from Bendover , all packed for Cali , too much traveling for one day .. 
Earthquakes are fuckin ' cool ! 
Wisdom tooth kills . SHOOT . ME . 
On the road again , can't wait to get some tacos and pina coladas 
Tacos , cheeseburgers , and pizza . Now THAT'S a well rounded meal ! 
So raw .. 
My feet hurt ..! 
SERIOUSLY needs a McQueen marathon , who's down ? I'm down .. 
By the sword in my hand , I will conquer the land . I will decimate and decapitate those who question the sword in my hand . 
is falling in love with Coheed all over again 
Ooohh my baby maker .. 
No words can describe ... 
is torn 
Neither GWAR NOR Clutch are coming to Salt Lake this Summer ! Fuck you guys ! 
So sick of this coughing shit .. 
Zanex makes getting tattooed so much better , call me a pussy , I don't care , I'd like to see you sit still when you're getting your rib cage drilled ! 
I have Bronchitis ..! 
I've felt the coldness of my Winter , I never though it would ever go . I cursed the gloom that set upon us , but I know that I love you so . 
See the titie klitie hootie boogie woogie wicked girl . The sign of a pretty prickly ladies walking around with wicked souls . 
Guess what ? 
hopes the guilt will go away .. 
knows true bliss 
Why can't it be Sunday already ?! Stupid time .. 
Tear the finals a new asshole , baby ! 
Damn Utah and its shitty Mexican food .. 
Applied at ACS , I've got my fingers crossed ..! 
Anybody have an old T-Mobile phone with a full keyboard ? I know beggars can't be choosers , but I'm begging you ! I can't go back to a normal phone ! I can't! 
Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby !!! 
Would anyone like to make 9 bucks an hour ? I will refer you to ACS ! 
It's almost 1 in the afternoon and I can barely keep my eyes open .. 
God I love this man .. 
Bronchitis , then strep throat . Thanks , God . 
God I want to finish this tattoo .. Damn Jeep , taking up all my income .. 
Mmmmm , baby .. 
Stupid empty bed .. 
Awesome day at the ballpark with mah babeh 
I'm squishin ' up my baby bumblebee .. 
Spent two hours by the pool today AND finished moving into the new Lehi house ! Congratulations , Summers family ! 
Ugh .. I wish I was in your comfy < PROPMALE > .. 
Every time I see your face I have an irresistable urge to smash it .. 
If you don't get up I'm going to smack you .. with my balls . 
I miss my baby cakes ! 
Hey everybody , I can't text at the moment , so contact me on this bitch for the time being , unless it's important enough to call me . 
Thanks for you birthday wishes you sexy people .. I had the best birthday yet ! Love you baby ! 
Drinkin ' my whiskey .. 
Dear lord , please bless us with Central Air .. 
That's the second time I've been told I look like < PROPFIRST > Lively .. 
can't wait for Wendover ! 
Hey everybody ! I got a new phone ! So text me your names and stuff . 801 512 4925 
Wendover was awesome ! My hands smell like chicken , I should probably shower . 
Happy Birthday Mammy ! You're so old ! 
My bed sucks without my baby in it .. 
Aw babeh ! You mah babeh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Some scum of the earth stole my zune out of my jeep , I'm having a fantastic fucking day ! 
got a jobby !! 
I hate that it's already August .. 
Desi , go to bed ! 
My shoulder is fucked .. 
Baby , I need you so much right now .. 
Indeed , I fell asleep many times 
Our love is strong , with you there is no wrong .. 
Still waitin ' for that lortab to kick in .. 
One week turned into an eternity . My baby is here to stay ! 
I don't care about my hunchback , I get to spend the rest of the foreseeable future with my darling man .. 
Shoot me in the face . 
Got me some percocets , no sand slut to steal them this time ! Ahaha ! 
But Mr. McHaggis , I've only just met you ! 
lacks motivation .. Why should I get out of bed ..? 
I am not the type to faint when things are odd or things are quaint , but seeing things you know that ain't can certainly give you an awful fright ! 
One reason I want to move out : I am so sick of hearing those two have sex ! Fuck ! 
Everything pisses me off .. 
Went to the Greek Festival , ate too much , nearly had what would have been a hilarious run in with an ex , got harassed by a bum , made fun of some hippies , had a different kind of incredible yet unspeakable experience , and at the end of this eventful day , I am still wide awake .. 
ALL ALONE at work , come get coffee and smoke some hookah ! 
Ok people , I work at the Lounge at 7 today , we will be dead , and I will be bored , so come smoke ! 
Sleep .. Please .. 
My baby is gorgeous .. 
can't wait ' til the sun comes up .. 
Come smoke some hookah and watch the game at Huka Lounge ! 
Once again , the only person to come keep me company at work is my baby 
Very chill night at Huka , er'body should came < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Some people need to learn the difference between sexy and slutty 
Come see your best < PROPMALE > Desi at the Huka Lounge ! 
I could definitely get used to working ten to six everyday .. 
Burnin ' wood and watchin ' the blood fly ! 
I love my \job \"" 
Does beating your servants dirty your hands ? Try the peasant prodder ! 
Everybody cone smoke it up at the Huka Lounge ! Good tunes , great food , and of course , ME ! 
Come watch the U game and smoke some tasty hookah at the HUKA LOUNGE ! We'll be there ALL night , so come see us ! 
Know what you guys need ? Some nice hot coffee from the Huka Lounge ! Come grab a cup and a smoke 
Tired ! Starving ! Shitty bed , no food .. Someone make a pot roast .. 
I need another job ! 
Still not sleeping .. 
Come see me at the Huka Lounge ! I'll make you some delicious hot chocolate ! 
Oh my bored ! Somebody come smoke some hookah with me ! 
Five dollar Huka Sundays ! Enjoy some half price sushi , delicious seasonal treats , and watch < PROPFIRST > Favre throw away the Vikings ' reputation ! 
I might explode from and ecstasy overload due to Clutch and Black Label Society . If only my baby was going with me ... Broke ass ! 
Raised by druids and horses . 
Come celebrate our birthday ! It's the Huka Bar & Grill's 5th Anniversary ! Seek shelter from the storm while enjoying a steaming cup of Marley Coffee ! 
Mmmm .. Baby .. 
Nothin ' says rock n ' roll like chocolate cake . 
Totally forgot how much womanhood sucks sometimes .. Ooooww ! 
Tryptophan , you delicious bastard .. 
By the way , the name's < PROPMALE > , but if you like , you can call me Sensei 
Memories of hard times past keeping me up . Hope they don't influence my dreams .. 
Gin and redbull ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on here until Monday December 6th . Do this to show your support against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same ! 
It's almost as if my diaphragm is trying to communicate using morse code .. 
6.99 for a liter and a half of white zinfandel , cheap wine is tits ! 
I feel even worse ! Sinus infections and hookah do not mix .. 
I just woke up .. FML 
Popcorn and wine , classy 
WHY in God's name do I look back to Spring ' 10 ? Stupid wall posts piss me off !!! 
Smelly wieners ASSCRACK ! I'm < PROPFIRST > .. 
Ssoooo bored ! 
Moooneeey !! You're going down , medical bills ! 
Anybody got some white wine for me ? Trade ya for a nearly full bottle of merlot ! 
Been supressing this all day , about time I just let it out .. Where the hell is my wine .. 
The thing I hate most is that I don't even know why I'm crying 
Working ' til 6 PM today , come < PROPFEMALE > out with me ! 
So hungry ! Sooouuupp ! 
Finally got myself a photoshoot 
Oh yoga , how I've missed you .. 
Never trust a white man driving a black < PROPFIRST > , he's just saving all his voodoo for you ! 
Just kill me .. 
Bubble guts 
I want soup , again , well , always .. Somebody bring me soup at work ! And grab a coffee while you're there ! 
You guys like live music ? Come see Natural Incense play some acoustic grooves at the HUKA LOUNGE ! First live show on our stage ! Don't miss it ! 
No better way to wake up than next to a big , warm , cuddly man .. 
Burned myself a million times tonight , that's Thursday for ya ... 
Fuckin ' hookah headaches ... 
Get away from Slash you auto-tune , dayglow prostitute ! 
I seriously want to go to a buffet .. 
Anyone wanna go get some pho ..? 
