extremely bored right now im going to be at my dads next week so hit me up on my cell 

up in connecticut w/ daddy and < PROPMALE > going to fireworks l8r by the danberry mall funstuff :( 
is out and about in montrose plz text 
i just went shopping for my birthday yesterday got alot of awesome new stuff 
still trying to figure out whether or not im gonna b grounded but at the moment i think not ;) 
Grounded next 6 weeks LOL 
grounded next 6 weeks just found out that now it is definate and that i will be moving cross country to spokane , washington one of the most god-awfull places in the whole world god my life sucks but on the upside since they need alot less credits to graduate over there i will be back probably after < PROPMALE > year ( i hope ) will also be back xmas , spring , and summer breaks fml 
off to school to go get the stupid id photo taken do they really need to be do this shit this early in the morning lol 
Was out with Kseniya earlier , everything is always so much better over wontons and coffee ( sounds disgusting but still ) now im stuck at home filling my incredibly boring life with mindless hours on facebook . grounded still 
schedule : 1 . ) geometry small 2 . ) french manse 3 . ) anthropology andersen 4 . ) painting & drawing mo 5 . ) global history 2 purciglioti 6 . ) Honors English Barthelmes 7 . ) Lunch 8 . ) chem lab w/ barcomb and gym w/ < PROPMALE > 9 . ) chem barcomb 
can't wait to see kseniya and maalik il be the person attacking them in a giant hug lol 
when r the dialecticals due for barthelmes if we have any ?? 
still need to finish a tale of 2 cities im debating whether or not i should just watch the animated movie that i have of it 
isn't it amazing that you and a best friend can constantly talk about the same thing for 3 weeks then talk on the fone for 4 hours about the same shit and it never gets old lol i luvi kseniya 
working on the critical lens essay for barthelmes i hate this shit 
Just finished my essay so off to bed 
hates it when your having a really amazing dream and then her stupid brother comes in and chucks shit at her head to wake her ass up fml 
is having the most fun il probably have for the next 2 weeks . I just found out that i'm now grounded till after thanksgiving yeah me !! 
Is in such a damn good mood today 
Its really annoying to think about how much stuff i need to or could be doing right now when all im doing is sitting around on facebook 
yeah i get to go xmas shopping with me cuzzi 
People in general just suck 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody !! 
\Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination\ " - Twain " 
Mayhem 
9 < PROPFEMALE > to go !!! 
2 < PROPFEMALE > to go !!! 
Happy New Years !!!! 
2011 as long as your better than 2010 you can stick around . 
Here's to another year of not accomplishing any of the crap I said I would . Woo go 2011 !!! 
I'm out 
this be my lasy week here so im in like a depressed mode so if i do any stupid shit , don't mind it im shur the was a perfectly reasonable explanation for it 
this be my last week here so i i act like a dumb ass or do stupid stuff then just ignore it im not in my right mind then <3 
computers and cell phones will be the death of us all 
in case any of you people out there actually care this was my last week here at Hen Hud , I will officially start at < PROPFIRST > J in Wappangers on Monday FML 
Just had my first day at the new school . How many more days left untill I graduate ? 
ha no school today this is pathetic seeing as how there's barely any snow , but hey ! I'm not complaining 
I just went out sledding today on some golf course and totally busted and froze my ass ... 
Chipper today ... its warm enough where I don't feel like crap ... hope it stays like this 
Apparantly some people find it rude to take one's fork and shove it in the middle of a birthday cake because their sister got pissed off and wouldn't give it to them . This is only being judged on the fact that I was then literally covered in chocolate cake and frosting from head to foot . lol 
Just found out my facebook horoscope for today , apparently im supposed to be aligning myself with smart people ... 
the fact that facebook is being stupid and i cant put up my new pics cuz of that 
It's so beautiful out that I'm in a great mood <3 
Have officially memorized all the lyrics for the Real Slim Shady --- man i love this song 
Weather is still beautiful and I think I'll go out for a run soon 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgT1AidzRWM 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_SI2EDM6Lo&feature=related 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8fm3Z7jgWM 
enjoying the fact that i actually get to sleep in tomorow !!! <3 
Still digging the warm weather 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrOeGCJdZe4 
Only one more day till couch , butt , tv action !!! 
Mission accomplished ! 
No school on Friday for me , so I'll be headed down to Montrose Thursday night . I'll probably visit Hen Hud Friday for a bit then I'm off to do my own bidding ... 
Is anybody free 2 chill now i dont hav plans till the afternoon 
I was having fun today , but now I'm pissed ... call/text 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9HloS9Ukto 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uX4NT3iDuRE&feature=related 
Does anybody know where I can take a lifeguard training class somewhere close to Somers ? 
They say the crazies come out at night this explains oh so much 
I love the warm weather and all but oh no that means that my white glow will start fading ... 
Holy crapimoli !!! It's so doing a scene from theh Wizard of Oz outside right now ... except im going to be outside in it ... 
If anybody wants 2 do anything this weekend hit me up 
I would love the rain so much more if it was already summer and i didnt have to worry about freezing my ass of whilst running around like an idiot in the nice wet skape 
O Boy ! O Boy ! O Boy ! O Boy ! 
On my way to Montrose til ' Saturday night , any one want to chill just hit me up 
Just counting down the days til ' Summer Vacation starts ... 
He who laughs last didn't get it . 
If you die in an elevator , be sure to push the Up button . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sovqsr8o19Y&feature=channel 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcbD3rQX3j8&feature=related 
What the hell is wrong with everybody ? You feel like you know somebody then two seconds later its the complets opposite of what you thought . I'm so tired of all this crap why can't everything be just a little bit more easy ? 
At last my transformation is complete , now I'm a full blown lobster . But hey I guess a full day at the beach including sleep time under the hot sun will do that to you . But hell it was fun while it lasted . 
Two more days till mock summer then back for french tues , then real summer . 
Now officially in montrose for the weekend ... Took long enough ... 
2.5 hours and counting 
10 hours and counting 
Why is it i always seem to have perfect cell service whenever somebody decides that they want to wake you up from some of the best sleep of your life ? 
Done . Done . Done . My summers officially begun !!! 
Just found out yesterday that I got a 97 on my English Regents and a 95 on my global regents . 
Ok , so this is going to be the easiest babysitting job ever . All I need to do is sit back watch Spongebob whilst eating pizza . Now if only I could find the kid ... 
watching my big fat greek wedding --- completely hilarious 
Having a cod marathon ... 
Yeah skrew the cod Marathon cuz I'm now I get to watch a whole bunch of hilarious brits talk about cars ... oh joy !! 
Damn now it's the time to be out ... Anyway I'm going to be up all night so call/ text 
Immediately 
Can't sleep , I guess it's going to be a Netflix movie marathon again ... 
Here's to me going back to sleep like I shouldn't been all along ... 
Ok so screw me going back to sleep cuz that is evidently not happening . Ok so does anybody notice how when you leave for the weekend your rooms seems o be way messier then before , I mean I went into my room last night and there was a picture broken on the floor ! Seriously WTF ?! 
Is every night this summer bound to turn into a Netflix movie marathon ? I mean as much as I love watching all the weird movies that I can stream onto my tv , this is starting to get pathetic . 
Ok so that movie was so good but so damn confusing . 
If anybody wants to chill today let me know cuz I'm getting real bored being stick on this house 
Here's to me who has no life and no friends that can < PROPFEMALE > out this glorious week lol ... But seriously anybody I have nothing to do all week so anyone who wants to < PROPFEMALE > just hit me up 
Ok so does anybody anybody at all feel like chilling tonight cuz I'm really not up for netflix movie marathon 
Lake again tomorrow ... 
Hey I'm in Montrose tonight and tomorrow so whoever wants to chill just hit me up ... 
\we ate all ze cake \"" 
I'm in the abyss oooooooh 
Lobster status once again .... Eh this time it actually hurts ... 
Bad ass storm ... Something I truly enjoy waking up to this early in the morning ... O well it was cool while it lasted . 
Feeling like a bump on a log 
Loves it when anything < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > comes onto the TV !!! <3 
\You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain \"" 
Me , I'm dishonest and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest . Honestly , it's the honest ones you have to worry about . 
Pleasure and action make the hours seem short . 
And now let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have a mind like a steel trap . Some stuff gets in there and WHAM !! It never gets back out again . 
Think how great It'd be to have some rain to go with this crazy howling wind we're having . 
Damn I had school today this whole getting up early thing I'd so not going to fly ... 
So who's weekend has officially been screwed ? Come on let's take a stab at it here ... I wonder ... 
9/11 we shall never forget . For all those we lost RIP . 
Ok so I had a four day break and as usual I waited until 9 the day before all my school stuffs due to hit the books . 
The hail and wind is so crazy ! It's the excellent makings of a perfect storm . 
I saw the new Resident Evil last night in 3D , pretty sick ! 
From the windows to the wall ! 
On my way upstate to do some chilling . 
Its so pathetic I dont have any homework and yet im still bored . 
I like it in the library . 
I like it on my computer desk . 
I love it my lovely < PROPMALE > took a complete gorgeous pic of me and decided to tag it . Wowowow thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
Watching Shrek with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFIRST > Lopez marathon . 
Its so funny hearing what your friends say when they're asleep ! 
\There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination\ " \ 
Is it just me or does it seem like a bunch more idiots are running around the streets then before ? 
\it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live . \ " --- Albus Dumbledore " 
14 Days 
13 days 
\I'm not giving in to security under pressure\ 
Just bought my tickets for < PROPMALE > Potter first showing Friday at 12:01 ; love my life !! 
So close yet so far away , the tension is killing me . November 19th !! 
Only a few more hours !!!!!! 
Just got back from seeing < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows , all I can say is it was amazing ! The whole midnight thing really adds to the experience for me . Part 2 , here you come ! 
Stuffed !!! 
It's snowing !!! 
\People tend to associate anyone who looks and behaves differently with illegal or immoral activity . \ " \ 
\Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny . \ " - Kamran Hamid " 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas Everyone !!!!! 
Trying to save the world is really hard when the stupid death eaters and dementors keep getting in my way . Once again proof I have no life lol . 
People spend too much time worrying about what others may or may not think . Why do you care so much ? Do what you love because you love it and stop worrying about what the other dumbasses in your life might say . 
Why when I'm listening to metal on pandora does it eventually go to all this light crap ? 
Crap I totally forgot about the Facebook holiday that was yesterday . I was really looking forward to it . 
Your a wonderful what ? 
Just saw a commercial for some gnome movie . They're taking over !!!!!! 
Man I love this inclement weather . 
Be protected from mayhem like me . Lol 
have my speakers way up just to tune out the silence 
Lord of The Ring marathon , Hell yeah !!! 
Remember that when your eating your chips ahoy . 
\Why am i so uptight today the paranoia is all I have left \"" 
\I think < PROPMALE > is the only thing that's spiritual in the world . And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God . I don't think anybody should be . No one person can own the copyright to what God means . ” " 
WTF why did this tard band win album of the year ? Eminem should've won or at least Lady Gaga . This shit doesn't compare to their music ability . 
Having one of those Rambo moments today . 
how's about we go all the way back to the Friday right after school , when we still had a whole break 
So confused right now . 
\All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe " 
