I JUST GOT A KITTEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM SO EXITED !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

i wright now right now and then your read it and its your right now but its not the one im talking about ...... or is it ? time to go to sleep and wake up then in a new now 
i think hugs , nice words , and doing nice things should count as currency 
man i really hope that yoga doesn't get cancelled again 
YAY RAIN !!!! :D BOOOOO math test :( 
..... Time ?.... What time IS it ? 
YA !!! i get to spend the whole day making a new 5 < PROPFEMALE > essey then i get to go to work at 5 when im done ..... woo 
yay weekends !!!!....... only not weekends cuz i have work all day :( come to coldstone between 4:30 and ... 12 and say hi 
Fusho time to write 3 papers and work all day again wooooo 
its 2 and im finally done with my letter to congress woo .... sleep now 
signin the lease for my house today at 4 ... super exited !!!!... just have to write a paper befor that then off to school -> work 
how is your day going ? 
reality is what’s left when perception is gone 
My band just put up some demos of some of our songs so im really exited . The ony thing is its just guitar cuz i have like 20 hours of school and 50 hours of hw and now i get to go to work yay ! 
NO SCHOOL TODAY !!! about to have a turduckin for dinner ! 
O WOW 4:05 a . m ........................................ I think it might posebly be time to maby think about posebly taking a light nap ...... plesent dreams everybody 
wow its a talk that leads to a argument ....... and when noone listens arguing leads in to yelling ... yell into fighting ...... fight into worse ........ let just try more talking and maybe some littening if the other side will really listen .......... people say it dosent work but not doing anything works even less 
BAND PRACTICE !!!!!! 
YEA !!! NEW HOUSE !!! 
is madder than a hatter 
just finished waching firefly and serenity . and now im just really really sad that ill never know what happens . 
is at work and missing someone veary special right now ...... well at least im on spring break and can just kickit all week 
ya and now i get to go to work till 11:30 ... happy zombie jesus day everyone 
i just want it to be the summer again so i can where shorts and stop weareing shoes 
happy picknick day !!! 
Well that was awesome time for work . Ya ! 
picnic day was a success ! now on to whole earth ! 
Come back to me real Internet ! I'm done with this iPhone buisness I can't do my home work on this thing 
YA !!!!! internet you've come back to me 
dayman ! ahahhhahhhhhhhh !!!!! 
YA !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Dome is up ! goodnigh .... zzzz 
and now im off to help with the magic of creation !!! the creation ? WHOLE EARTH !!! :D 
just got back from a 48 hour shift with Whole Earth have to go back by 1 and iv had 3 hours of sleep ... also someone stoll my shoes so i get to get new shoes for myself ... i love whole earth 
4 days of work 10 hours of sleep ... not to shaby i think ill go for 5 days with 8 hours next year ..... love it !!!...... now time for finals and finaly time to get my hand fixed on friday w00t ! 
mind o mind what is on you right now ... sorry i think it might be out right now 
time to go and fix my hand with metal and dead people 
dosent know what to do o well just guna wach more doctor ...... who ? 
dun dudududun dudududun dududu dun dun dun dun dudududun dudududun dududu dun dun dun * wisilling sound * wooooiiiiiooooooo wiiiiiioooooooo de de dooo de de dooooo ya just finished washing the veary first seson of doctor who from like 1960 ya im just that awesome 
space time is so wishy woboly gooeky and loopy .... i love this stuff 
realy needs to pay his phone < PROPMALE > 
just got back from the hospital with a bran new splint !!! ya i can move/wash my hand again !!! anyone want to chill ? 
So always look\ 
on the bright side of death . Just before you draw your terminal breath . Life's\ 
a piece of shit . When you look at it . Life's a laugh and death's a joke , it's\ 
true . You'll see it's all a show . Keep ' em laughing as you go . Just remember\ 
that the last laugh is on you . 
OOOoohhhh !! Immanuel Kant was a real piss-ant who was very \ 
rarely stable . Heideggar , Heideggar was a boozy beggar who could think \ 
you under the table 
just lost The Game ...... and so did you 
so i broke my phone ..... again .... more ...... so if anyone wants to kick it just hit me up on here cuz ya pools are dangerous for phones 
has no phone and wants to kick it but has no mode of comunication out side of facebook ahhhhgggggg !!!!!! god damn pools and there need to feed on the souls of my departed phones damn you 
hell ya my phone has come back from davey jones locker !!!! 
is not quite ready for summer school 
finaly the weekend now i dont have to talk about killing millions of people for a few days woooo 
fuck musquitos and there nightly antics on my skin ..... also its guna be 103 today ...... time to go swimming 
the pool is soooo warm !!!!! time to go swimming !!! any takers ? 
is up earlier than he has been in a wile . time to go to the doctor and take my history mid-term w00t 
pass prop 19 legalize the green 
may the force be with you 
neeeeds to turn his phone back on .... and dissability needs to pay me 
wishes that he could work as a dream spy 
Cuz you know somethings goin ' on hear and you wish you knew what it was dont you Mr Jones 
inception was awesome i wish i could do it 
? 
' s phone finally works again ! YES !!! 
band practice went awesome !!! :D and now i get to study for my final tomorrow ... woo ..... 
so you believe in life , < PROPFEMALE > , equality , freedom , and democracy the American way one would say .... what are you a fucking communist 
yea yea no more school for like 3 weeks !!!!!!!!! 
fuck metro i payed my < PROPMALE > 5 days ago and now my phone is off ! WTF !!! 
just walked from East < PROPMALE > to West D I feel amazing 
might have band practice today that is if phones get answered which ya know doesn't happen 
wants to go and have a magical < PROPMALE > party/adventure/camp out 
' s phone is back on !!!! woooooooo !!!! ( 530)554-8815 him me up yo ! 
< PROPFIRST > just left for < PROPFEMALE > and now I'm bored don't know what to do . some one hit me up 
C is for crrraaaapp 
well Math was awesome . the teacher is kind of a crazy person which is awesome now i get to go to lots of school early tomorrow ..... YYYAAAAA !!!!!! 
LEARNING AHOY !!!! 
got to sleep at 4 now its time to go take some tests ..... FML 
Biophysics is just so interesting I want to change my < PROPMALE > 
science is cool 
i just slept for 12 hours and i feel like shit and my throat hurt more than when i went to sleep ..... awesome 
totalitarian dictatorships ...... WTF !!! 
it's better than bad it's good 
ya so waking up every hour on the hour all night is pretty awesome 
just came up with a most excellent costume plan 
why do people think that conservative and liberal beliefs are political parties ? 
TIME TO VOTE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
remember every vote counts .... unless its provisional 
11% of my friends on face book have voted .............. wow i think i might cry i just hope that A LOT of people haven't hit the i voted thing yet 
would like to leave now 
feels good about life now 
just broke his b string 
is having a birthday party !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is now 22 !!!!!!!!!!! 
is about to make Chicken Puttanesca and curry chicken !!! exited and hungry :D 
wants a pitbull 
as thousands they grieve 
might be getting a kitten !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
IS NOW THE OWNER OF A KITTEN !!!!!!!!!! 
how does changing your profile picture help fight child abuse ??? 
the sun never sets on the earthican empire 
the larger the island of knowledge , the longer the shorline of wonder 
IS DONE WITH FINALS !!!!!!!!!!! only one more semester :D 
Everyone's life is full of ups and downs ...... but mine is two parts strange , one part charm 
feels like a viking 
Tron Legacy .... Awesome .... think they might make another 
He knows when you've been sleeping . He knows when your awake . He knows when you've been bad or good ..... so be good or Krapus will drag you to hell ....... what a good way too keep you kids in check hahahaha !!! 
guys like girls to smell like girls and guys like to smell like guys but girls like guys that smell like girls 
Happy Krampus Day everyone !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!! 
and now .... Work ?!?... off to cold stone 
Religion without science is blind . Science without religion is LAME - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
damn it < PROPFEMALE > why do you make me do this 
GOT A JOB AT CAFE ITALIA !!!! 
has fallen in love with life and will now drink it from a fountain that is porin like and avalanche comin down the mountain 
just got a new phone and needs peoples (###)- ###-####'s 
Is finally gettin tips oh ya ! 
day 5 of master cleanse . feelin kinda tired . needs to go buy more < PROPFEMALE > syrup . so exited for his free massage on friday !!!!! 
meka leka hi meka hiney ho 
welcome to the underwater dance show 
requiem for a dream makes for bad dreams 
l'appel du vide 
my throat is so swollen i can barley talk .... gota love having a sinus infection and a cough at the same time .... time to make some tea 
Early man walked away , as modern man took control their minds were all the same it conquer was their goal so they built this great empire and they slaughtered there own kind he died a confused man killed theme selfs with there own mind 
lost my mind but kept my looks 
IRON GYM !!!!! I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > 
wants to dance ! lets dance !!! 
loves to dance !!! come dancing with me !!!!! 
if a tree falls in a < PROPMALE > and no one is around to hear it .... is there a < PROPMALE > ? 
