was just watching the repeat of the < PROPFEMALE > Parade and the < PROPFEMALE > Tartan Band went by , and when they showed the band director , I realized he was my director , Mr. Schwarz , in < PROPMALE > high . Last I heard he was directing at Rim of the World . I guess he is now at a school that is \A Cut Above the Rest . \"" 

is exhausted and worn out after a day of running around with my little sister . We had a blast . Even ran into two groups of people I knew . Fantasmic and Electric Light Parade still rock and bring chills . We are going back soon , but not doing both shows in 
is in a funk and have no idea why . Could it be that the Lord is trying to tell me to take the step through the narrow gate and be obiedent ? Interesting how youth group staff meeting and weekly sermon were tied together . It is amazing when God speaks to me 
needs to get off this computer and her butt up off of the couch and do what I need to do today-start cleaning this place ! Still in a funk , but think it could be this messy apartment . Need to clear things out so that I can hear God clearly talk to me . 
is realizing it is late and has not done much of what she wanted to do today . Beginning to wonder what she is going to do for the 4th-sit at home and do nothing , or go to parents and sit there and do nothing ? Anybody in the area have any suggestions ? < PROPMALE>' 
had an amazing night with her god-daughter at church . Going to have a great 4th up in Wrightwood doing Mountaineer Days in pioneer gear with my friends from Twin Threads . I guess I won't be sitting at home or at my parents house alone . Got some cleaning d 
looking on-line for pioneer/frontier costumes . Found little , but have found some great items , that I might even be able to use for Civil War period too . Looking so forward to this weekend . All this searching has made me tired . Can't believe it's not 10 an 
is hoping that everyone has a wonderful 4th . May we all remember the people who fought for our Independence more than 200 years ago . We all should be greatful for the pleasures we are able to enjoy daily . Enjoy all of th fireworks and patriotic music . < PROPFEMALE > 
is up way to early . Had about 3 hours of sleep . Too excited . Don't know why the 4th makes me so excited ! As I said yesterday , I hope everyone has an amazing 4th . May we remember the people who fought for our Independence more than 200 years ago . Enjoy all 
just had an interview a few hours ago with Old Navy . If all went well , I'll get called back for a 2nd interview . It would be part time . Hopefully it would give me enough to get me through September . Keep me in your prayers . Haven't had an interview in 10 
put information on Craigslist offering my my services as a tutor and replied to several posts . If you know anyone who is looking for a tutor , give them my info . 
has just been called back for a 2nd interview with Old Navy on Tuesday . It is a brief interview with the manager I interviewed with and the store manager to see if I am a fit with the team that is already in place . Keep me in your prayers . 
Okay , I left church right at 9 to come home and go to bed , but I get on this addicting sight called Facebook to check a few things and then did a search for in home tutoring and applied to three agencies . It is now 11:30 and I know if I go to be , I will b 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised by what people remember abou 
knows this sounds crazy , but she wants to go back to work , especially since it looks like she is going to have the same kids she had last year ! She is so excited to see their faces again ! She is itching to get back into the grove of things and continue to 
just joined SparkPeople.com . Going to try to shed some pounds . Looks like a great site . A friend has been successful in short period of time . Check it out ! 
is watching More to Love and is amazed at the number of local girls ( Covina/Glenora) ! I even think I know one of them . 
is excited for her previous co-worker < PROPFEMALE > has been given a ring to stay in the show More to Love . She is one of 15 that got asked back . She is 6 years older than the guy , but I hope she goes far . She was a blast to work with !!!! 
is feeling overwhelmed and having a panc attack . Wants my place cleaned , but everything seems to be in the way of everything . I want to scream , cry , clean , and do nothing !!!! 
is going to go to the local park to listen to the church's worship group with some friends . Still did not get anything done . Guess I better get my butt out of bed early tomorrow . Only a few days left of vacation . 
enjoyed the concert tonight at Covina Park . The worship band was great . I walked over and it was great . Just shy of 2 < PROPMALE > round trip . I wonder why I have not gone to any of the other park things . It was exhilarating and thinks I should do this more . Nee 
needs to go pack for the week . Going to camp for a week tomorrow and have not done anything to get ready , except make the list of what I need to take . Cleaning bug has taken over though . 
all packed for camp . see you all on next weekend . shall be a long fun tiring week . 
had a blast at camp getting to know the girls at chruch and hearing how < PROPFIRST > never conformed to the world and how he and his 3 buds followed the cross . We had several rededications/first time commitments . Weather was great , except Thursday-when we froze ! I am glad to be home . Took a much needed long nap yesterday , now it is time to get back to work . 
is watching the end of the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars . Gotta love < PROPFEMALE>'s hair and the music is always a favorite !!!! Always a good one when nothing else is on . 
has one more day of Math training with some amazing presentors-love ya Gilda ! -then it is time to create some magic in the classroom and make it beautiful for my wonderful angels ! We are having a celebration on the first day of school since they did so well on the CST last year . Getting excited for the first day of school so that we can have yet another fun year ! 
is gonna celebrate her 35th birthday tomorrow with her sister and some close friends at the happiest place on Earth . I am also amazed that her classroom is ready for next Wednesday . I have never been ready this early . Generally I am getting ready up to the last minute . I do need to thank my sister and mom for helping me out . 
first week is done . It is great to be back into the swing of things ! The kids are great , even though it is hot . I'm exhausted , but it is a good exhaution ! 
is disappointed that there will be no more Tuesday night Young Adults starting October . What is the church thinking ? 
is lost and does not know where to go . The only direction is up , but doesn't have the energy to do that . I'm not happy with life right now , but at least it beats the alternative ! Why does the loss of one have to hurt so much , even when it is expected ? 
sitting in tutoring class . Thought I'd be bored , but it is great to be in the things that I do daily and helping this generation continue to learn . Still kind of bumbed , but getting better . Going to a Bible study with a friend this afternoon . It will be good to see her and to be out of the house . Thanks for the prayers and thoughts that you all have sent . This season shall pass . 
is watching one of my favorite moviee -- The Holiday ( < PROPFEMALE > Winslet , < PROPFIRST > Diaz , < PROPFIRST > law , and < PROPFIRST > Black) !!! I felt like I needed a pick me up , and this movie generally helps . I need to remember what gumption feels like . 
Wish I could < PROPMALE > home . I am feeling sick . It came on all of the sudden , but can't since I have an inital IEP along with a conference , and then an adendum IEP to add a behavioral plan this afternoon . Then it is off to school for my nutrition final for child development . I so want to go home . 
Well I bombed my nutrition final . Knew I would . I didn't know the proportions for preschoolers . Now I am sitting here waiting for my 1:20 conference to show up and it is almost 1:30 and then I am booked solid all afternoon and will probably not be able to squeeze her in if they show up . Gotta love conference week ! 
okay , I have been at work over an hour now and have done nothing but clean out my e-mail . I guess the glummy day has something to do with it . I can't seem to get motivated . I know one thing at a time and it will get done . Need to get up and get to work . 
think I have caught a cold . Think its from wearing sandels and sitting in a drafty classroom . Guess it's time to wear shoes and socks-why is it not socks and shoes ? You can't put socks on then shoes ? Been a long week . 2 no-show's-one being a 7:20 am . All others showed up , some had to wait . 2 weeks then 2 week vacation . They are going to be with getting ready for the Winter program . It's worth it . 
WOOHOO !!! Done with school !!! Took my last final last night . Now 8 working days to Winter Break . It is going to be a long 8 days , but at least there is a light at the end of the tunnel that is < PROPFEMALE > and bright . 
is covered in glue and glitter , but the blue and silver candles and packages props for Grandma Got Ran Over by a Reindeer have been recreated . Now onto making a house , eggnog , rootbeer , medication , and other prorps for tomorrow's Winter Program . If in the area tomorrow night and want to see kids sing Jingle < PROPFEMALE > Rock , Grandma Got Ran Over by a Reindeer , and Run < PROPMALE > Run , plus do the Electric Slide , let me know . 
Props are done . Going home !!! Need to finish crocheting presents ! Again if anyone wants to stop by and see my students perform , let me know . 
Program done . Children gone home . Gifts for kids wrapped . Need to go home and finish 4 more gifts for tomorrow . 1 more day and off for two weeks !!! YIPEE 
munchkins have all been sent home for the two weeks . Classroom is a smabbles . Going home to nap . Hopefully I will wake before 6 so I can make it to church for the last Friday night of the year for < PROPMALE > High . So looking forward to sleeping in for the next two weeks . 
UGH !!! I have been asked to have Christmas at my house for 6 of us . Those of you who know me , you know why I am sayin UGH !!! I am going to be one busy person between now and Thursday . Hope I can find the motivation to pull it off . Any suggestions for those of you who Know me ? 
I am up ! Gonna go do the shopping needed to do to clean the house . Then coming back , leaving the TV and FB/WoW OFF , turn on the stereo LOUD so that I can clean this place out ! Cooking is not my concern for Friday . My place looks like it did when my dad and uncle moved me 2 years ago . This week has to be my inspiration and motivation to get my place to the way I want it . What a great way to start a new year !!! 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this . This was posted by a friend . If you agree , cut and paste 
Think I migh have caught a cold . Thought it was allergies from all the dust I'm stirring up , but I ache and have a low grade fever . Mom and my counselor thinks I am stressing about Christmas . Mom said dad is going to bring caution tape for the back bedroom . With 2 days left it is not all going to be done and they are going to just have to deal with it . I can't kill myself . I am on vacation , not a killing spree ! 
cleaning is not done but will be tomorrow when < PROPFEMALE > and I come to fix food . Off to tamales and sleeping on the couch ! Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
Woke up this morning with mom saying there was a change in plans , that we'd have Christmas dinner at her house . I was a bit overjoyed , but disappointed at the same time . All that hard work I had done was not going to be seen , but at least I did not have to do more cleaning . I still made roasted red and white potatoes and green beans with bacon and onions . Dinner was delicious though . Overall had a good day ! 
got this great CD/DVD for Christmas from They Might Be Giants -- Here Come Science . My sister got it for me to use in the classroom . Think the kids are going to enjoy it . Great tunes with explainiation about science topics . They can rock out and be learning at the same time . I have 2 LP's like this about dinasours and even dad started singing \I'm a Stegasorous\ " when I opened . I know I am a geek !!!! " 
Loves watching Little Women . So sentimental , but another good movie to remind you to set your heart and mind on what you want and not to settle for anything less . Keep a box a kleenex around though . 
is going to be so hat I can get up and have fun at the Happiest Place on Earth . Day 1 of 2 days of fun . Gotta love having a pass ! 
is off to dinne with < PROPFEMALE > at Beef Bowl . Haven't had beef bowl or seen < PROPFEMALE > in a long time . 
beef bowl was good , but the company that was there was even better . I miss < PROPFEMALE > so much and it was so good to catch up . We need to schedule time togther more often . 
is getting ready to go and game the year away with some great friends . Want to wish everyone a blessed and safe New Year . See you all in 2010 . 
off to < PROPFEMALE > out with my BFF for a bit tonight . Hope everyone has a safe and fun time ringing in the New Year . May it bring each of you joy and blessings . See ya in 2011 . 
is excited about going back to work to see the kids , but is dreading the alarm going off so early . It is going to be a long day , that will then turn into a long week . 
just watched an amazing service on-line from Pastor < PROPMALE > Vines of CCV . I did not feel like going to church tonight , but as I learned , I need to not let my emotions get in the way of worshiping the Lord . I need to be grateful for the things I have , and be obiedent to worship Him even when I don't want to . I am never afraid of worshiping the Lord , but at times I just don't feel like it . 
had a fun day in the sun . I won my class today . First win in awhile . Felt great . It shall be a great year of competition . 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of me and of you . If you are one of the 3% repost this message 
is looking forward to tomorrow night for the first night of SHIFT ministries at CCV . Hope all you youth can make it . 
I had lunch with a ninja under your bed because Big Bird said to and he's my leader ! 
must go home now and enjoy muy 3 day weekend . 
loves chatting with old friends via status updates , but I must go to sleep . Turned the teli off . Now I need to shut this thing down . Nigh all . 
is greatful that tomorrow is a holiday , because I am still awake and it is almost 1am . Must go to bed and catch come sleep . Have work stuff to catch up on tomorrow anyways . Night all . 
realized that I have nothing that I want to eat in my house . Craving potato soup and roasted sweet potatoes . I just don't want to go to the store in this rain . Maybe I should just order delivery , though it seems that the rain has slowed down a bit . 
ventured out into the rain . It was raining bad when I left , but was not when I got back to the car . I even saw some blue sky , with some very high clouds above the storm clouds . I got a couple of days worth of food for under $50 . I love Fresh-n-easy . Now going to make roasted sweet potatos , green beans , and pork chops . 
green beans with onion , garlic , and bacon are boiling on the stove top ; sweet potatos sprinkled with EVOO and season salt and pork chops are baking in the oven . I think I might have needed more green beans for the mix that made , but it will be good . I think I'll have at least two days of left overs since I am making this all for me :P 
I really love my mom ! If you aren't too proud to say thank you , to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today , please copy and paste this to your profile . Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! We have a million things in our lives to thank them for ! 
is off to meet some amazing women at < PROPFEMALE > Madrid for LIFE Group tonight . It will be great to catch up since I haven't seen them since before Christmas . Shall be fun in the rain . 
is heading home to go spend the weekend at Autoclub Speedway with some amazing drivers to the go and be part of presenting a math professional development on Monday . Times are good !!! 
had a great weekend in the steward program . It is going to be fun learning more about the sport and the rules behind it . Then was part of an amazing math professional development . Myself and the other lead teachers did a great job . It was not as bad as I thought it was going to be . Get to do it again on Thursday . 
I am off to SHIFT !!! Hope to see all you students there !!! 
is off to SHIFT at CCV tonight !!! It is going to be great . Hope to see all < PROPMALE > High students there !!!! 
It's DOPPLEGANGER WEEK ! during this week , change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor / musician / athlete ) you have been told you look like . 
is getting excited about CIY Believe !!! It is going to be a blast ! See all you Jr. Highers down there !!! 
Look back and thank God . Look forward and trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Repost . And if you don't need God to open some doors for you , just ignore this .. 
feels like my world is tumbling down on me . Say a prayer . 
start of new week . Can only look forward , not back . Can this rain go away ? It is too gloomy and does not help . 
heard a new pick up line while in my car-\Excuse me miss you left your keys in the door . \"" 
If you received a message from me -- DELETE it !!! Don't open it . It is spam and will give a virus . Someone else sent it to me and it gave me a virus . 
Okay ! My FB is back up , though it made my computer crash !!! It will teach me to not open funky addressed messages . Anyway !!! Heading home to spend the next 3 days at Beach for Long Beach Grand Prix !!! Shall be great ! 
Zackery < PROPMALE > aka < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > came in 3rd I the Celebrity Race at the Long Beach Grand Prix . he is adorable !!! 
Sure hopes no one watched the Indy race in Long Beach !!! My sister said she could see me doing the happy dance on the Jumbo Tron when Hunter-Rey ( winner ) passed by my station !!! Argh !!! What else did they catch me doing during the race ? Had a blast though despite falling during the FIL race . Can't wait until next year , or better yet this up coming weekend at Buttonwillow !!! 
Had a great weekend at Buttonwillow . The weather was great . A bit warm today , but over all it was great . I wasn't too busy yesterday , but had some work today . Can't wait until next month , but looking forward to playing at faire nest Saturday !!! 
life is truely small . I cannot believe that I am finding people from faire who know people who I race with and go to church with and our paths have rarely crossed . This is truely a small world . Looking forward to faire this weekend . Gonna go < PROPFEMALE > with some amazing friends and part of my roots !!! 
is getting ready to head up to Buttonwillow . I hope this headache goes away before I have to hit the road . Going have fun at the Formula Ford 41st Birthday bash . 
having fun sitting on the I-5 waiting for AAA . everytime we try to leave early something always delays us . Think we need to leave late from now on , though we are not up in Buttonwillow again until Labor . 
Report Cards are finally done . Now it is off to sleep so that I can get rested up for Fraizer Park this weekend !!! 
heading to a friends house to then head up to Frazier Park for a small Ren Faire . Hope to see some familiar faces . 
is off to go take 1 of 2 finals . Haven't studied much . Still have tons of work to do in classroom to prepare for the end of the year . Don't know how it will all get done , but it will some how . 
took both finals this afternoon . I have the same teacher for both classes . Now I can focus on my classroom and the usual year end stuff for work . 
must go to bed . Need energy to tear down classroom . I've done very little and there are 2 days left of students . 
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER !!! Kids all have gone home . Now it is time for serious cleaning . Need to get ready for summer school too . 
Heading back down to 4th grade next year !!! I am excited . Heading out now to go look at summer school material and then out to Fonatana to help out setting up for this weekend . 
waiting for a friend to come over , then depending on $$$ situation , we are off to Koroneburg for closing day ( out of garb ) , or the < PROPFEMALE > Fair in Irvine , or just lounging around here enjoying one another's company . First day in MONTHS of having no true plans . What shall I do with myself ? 
Going to see Metallica , Slayer , Megadeath , and Anthrax tonight . They are being broadcasted from Bulgaria at several AMC IMAX theaters . Shall be fun !!! 
bed time . Going to the happiest place on Earth tomorrow to renew my pass , then out to El Toro to work registration for the auto-cross this weekend . But before I go to Disney , I need to collate the papers for registration , the big question is where is my stapler ? This is what happens when I do some cleaning . 
Just got to Disney . Have about 2 hours to renew pass and maybe ride a ride or 2 and look around . Coming by yourself seems like fun . May need to do this more this summer . Need to use my pass more anyways . 
is asking you all to keep my mom in prayer tomorrow . She is going in for reconstructive back surgery . She has already been told they will not be able to completely reverse the damage that has already occurred , but it will help prevent further damage . She will be in the hospital for several days and have several months of recovery . May the doctors have a steady hand and may she have a speedy recovery . 
Mom has been out of surgery for a while . Just got a room . Dad and family friend < PROPFEMALE > are with her now . < PROPFEMALE > and I are waiting our turn . Doctor says all went well . I will update when I know more . Thanks for your prayers and kind words !!! 
is going to see mom in a bit . I hope that she is not in as much pain as she was yesterday , though the doctor said today could be rough . Dad should be there to . < PROPFEMALE > can't make it today . Thanks again for you prayers and kind words . 
mom walked twice today ! Once to the door and then across the hallway . They took her pain pump away , but she is still groggy . She is still in pain , but seems to be able to get comfortable . She is sleeping a lot , which she really doesn't want to do so that she can sleep at night , but the meds are making her very sleepy . When I left , she said she was going to bed even though it was 3 and dad was dozing in the chair too . 
Mom is getting ready to be discharged . She is looking good and is very coherent . We need to remind her slow down and take smaller steps . Thanks again for all of the prayers and kind words . Still have awhile to go . 
Mom's home in her own bed in her own clothes snuggled with her cat and is happy . She is glad to be home . 
Mom went to the Dr. Got the stitches removed and the Dr. was very pleased about the wound and how well she is doing . The next 2 weeks are critical . She needs to make sure that the wound doesn't open up . She sees her regular Dr. on Friday and goes back and sees the surgeon next week again . She is getting up walking around a little more . She's even reading in bed again . 
Mom's follow-up yesterday went well . Dr. doesn't want to see her for 6 weeks . She told him that when he sees her again she won't have the < PROPMALE > . He thought that was a good goal . She is getting up more and walking around . Wound is healing well . Almost completely closed . Pain is becoming manageable . Thanks again for your thoughts and prayers . Now it is off to my classroom to start the new school year . Woo-hoo !!! 
Bit frustrated/bummed that I can't start on my classroom until Fri/Mon . Principal said I could come in this weekend and get started . Ah !!! That's a big negative !!! Have < PROPMALE > plans to enjoy a special day . Guess I'll just have to work long hours on Mon . 
is need of a nap , but I just started some big cleaning in my living room . Why is it always this way ? Guess it is the sound of the vacuum . Mom said I would sleep through it . I guess it is white noise that soothes me . Think I shall nap . The mess will still be here when I wake up . 
is up early . Couldn't sleep . Guess I am just like a little kid all excited about going to Disneyland !!! Then coming home to my dad cooking my birthday dinner ( pork chops , mashed potatoes , apple sauce , and broccoli ) . Shall be interesting . < PROPFEMALE > has to work , so I hope he doesn't drive my mother too nuts !!! Then movies and pizza and chilling with one of my friends at my place . Gonna be a good weekend !!! 
just had a great day . Now I want to go to sleep !!! Dad did a GREAT job on dinner , even though he was picky . I know now where I get my perfection streak . I've got glitter all over the place . Don't normally do girlie stuff like this . Need to finish up some cleaning before I go to bed . Thanks to all of your birthday wishes . It is amazing to see who your true friends are !!! 
gonna run some errands and then head out to < PROPFEMALE > Madre/Rosemead area and pick-up a friend from the train and spend the gift certificate I got last night from my parents for my classroom . Then head back to my place and enjoy movies and pizza in a clean living room . I am impressed with myself and how nice it looks . I just have to keep it this way . It is truly a good bday weekend . 
off to work in my classroom . I've got to get back on a schedule where I don't want to sleep the morning away . Hoping to get all of my paper up today . 
paper is on all of my boards . Boarders are around the big board . Still need to boarder some small ones , arrange the furniture , find the stuff I need in the cupboards , and I think I might be set . Thank goodness I talked to someone before I left . Thought the training was Wed not tomorrow morning . That could have been bad ! I guess getting a late start wasn't so bad . I might have some time to relax this weekend ! :) 
Off to bed . Need to get some sleep before my 36 new fourth graders come into my class . First day tomorrow . It's going to be a GREAT year !!! I am ready as I can be . If it's not done now , it isn't getting done before the day starts !!! 
why is it on a day you can sleep in , you are awake at the same time you do every morning and can't go back to sleep . I was out of bed at 6:45 this morning . I was so looking forward to sleeping in . What shall I do at this hour of the morning ? If I work on homework , it'll put me to sleep . May need a nap today . 
Okay , I've been up since 6:45 , and all I have done is watch < PROPFEMALE > Letter and Braveheart and the dishes that have been sitting in my sink . I have been spending way too much time on this computer . Thinks I need to switch to the work computer and get some serious work done since it is 1:15 . I need to get motivated and get busy . 
is getting garb together to head up to a Pirate Faire tomorrow . Realizing , I need some more bling to be a Pirate Wench . It is gonna be hard to let myself not go in period stuff , but I will have fun hanging with the pirates this weekend . Shall be a great weekend !!! 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member \ 
andfriend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those \ 
who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for ( at least ) 1 hour if you \ 
love someone who has or had cancer * 
I am truely blessed . One of the teachers at school yesterday bought me lunch and then I talked to my Lit teacher and asked her about the reading and told her that I couldn't get the book in time for the reading next week , and she had me follow her to her office , and she gave me her old edition . WOW !!! I have never had a teacher offer a book . This is amazing !!! 
Is excited . Tomorrow is pay day !!! Yippee !!! I'll have money & won't have to stress anymore , but I am even more excited about this weekend . Going to Marching Through History @ Prado Dam w/ the Steel Bonnets . It's is going to be a blast . Had fun last year w/ Twin Threads , & had a blast @ Ft . < PROPMALE > w/ SB's . So if you are a History buff or enjoy History , or know some who does , tell them about the event @ Prado Dam . 
Had a BLAST this weekend . Weather was hot & muggy Saturday . I got to fire our cannon both days . Learning how to do it . Should be fun . Thanks for those that came out and saw me . Hope you had fun . Next is a 3 day faire in Vegas this weekend . Gonna be busy , but fun !!! No pictures this time . Took camera , but forgot to take out on walk about on Saturday . Sunday I stayed close to camp . Will try to get pics of Vegas . 
had a blast this weekend . The Vegas Faire was amazing and met some amazing people . Can't wait until next year . I will upload the few photos I took later . Forgot charger and battery was low . Gotta wait a few weeks for Escondido Faire and then it I'll have to wait until Southern . 
is already playing Christmas music and loving it . Have a great internet station that I have streaming New Age Christmas music . I know it is about a week early , but my kids will just have to live with it . The other New Age station was getting old . Gotta love this time of year !!! 
is hoping that all have a wonderful Thanksgiving and the time that they get to spend with their loved ones , whether two legged or four legged or winged ;) Enjoy all the fixings and may they bring you blessings as well . 
< PROPFEMALE > with some Sprite and occassionally some confusing Re Bull , but would eventually like some Gin , please !!! 
Need to get cleaning , set-up the tree , wrap the packages to put under the tree , and to go shopping for Christmas dinner . I am having the family here for Christmas . Think I’ve overcome the fact that my place doesn't have to be perfect . My family knows what my place usually looks like , but thanks to a friend coming over frequently ; it isn’t as bad as usual and won't be so hard to get my place presentable for the day . 
Got this from my dad and had to laugh . \ 
\ 
Oh no , your tire's all flat and junk . Oh did I do that ? Here . Let me get my cellular out ... call you a wrecker ... Oh shoot , I got no phone .. `Cause i'm a pothole ... Soooo ..... Kay bye ! 
I was at the self-check line of Albertson's tonight and some lady walks up to me telling me that she needs to use my Preferred Card . I told her I don’t have it with me , but I decide I am not in a hurry , so I enter in my number . On the way out she says thank you and tells me that she felt my energy and hands me a card asking me to call her after the holidays . What kind of energy did she feel ? How is one react to that ? 
Gotta finish up the last things on my list so I am going to shut my computer down and get busy . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . May each of you be blessed and may you enjoy the time with your families . May God give you traveling mercies if you have to travel . God Bless and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
1st day back was good , even if we had to stay in all day . It sure flies , even the kids said so and said that they wish they could do it everyday , all day . I had to laugh . Tired , but enjoying some tele and facebook . Think I'm gonna switch to WoW now though . 
Please put this as your status if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Lupus , Diabetes , Crohns , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , M.E , Autism/Aspergers etc ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside ... :o / and ? ? ? 
Anybody else getting excited for this weekend ? Can't wait to see you all at fare site . 
