Is contemplating the creation of an epically diabolical snow man death scene ... or maybe I'll just stick with the traditional , happy snowman ... NAW :) But , the snow is still too soft and powdery today . Maybe tomorrow it'll be good snowman making snow . 

Application , after application , after application . Soon , it'll pay off . A new start for a new year ... only seems appropriate :) 
Heading down to Portland for my 3 day weekend ! :) 
One of the coolest things I've ever done ! 
Get to see my dad and brother tomorrow :D 
Reached my savings goal 4 months sooner than I had originally planned ... whoot whoot ! Will be totally set for my Colorado vacation and Portland move later this year xD 
This weekend's going to be awesome .... Visiting friends , exploring Portland , friend's house warming party , and bungee jumping ! Stoked ! 
Out in CO to see the family for a few days . And oh man , is it smoking hot . 9 in the morning and it's already hotter than any day we've seen in WA this summer . I love my family . My papa drove 5 hrs out to pick me up because the airline canceled my flight into Jct ... he's amazing ! 
Moving to Portland on Saturday .... then vacation , baby ! So stoked for this month ! Starting a new chapter :) 
Finally ..... all moved in , and my first night at the new house by myself :) I feel so refreshed and relieved . 
Grrr .... First went the debit card , then the apt . keys , then the cell phone charger , then the cell phone , and after I just about got it all recovered , my wallet gets stolen . Jerk started putting charges on the cards within the first 20mins of having it . Haha .... figures . 
Loving my new place . So relaxed , so chill ... don't know that I've ever had that before . Dinner/movie night tonight . And Prepping for Burning Man and vacation ... whoot !!! 
2 more days till vacation !!! 
Oooo , oooo .... pick me , pick me . I want to fracture my hand , make it swollen and unfunctionable a week before I'm moving ! Lol ... I'm a doofus sometimes . 
Mentally preparing for the tornado that starts tomorrow . It'll be a hectic week , but with amazing results :) 
Got to visit with my pdx friends yesterday and today , going up to Oly to take care of errands and visit with some buddies , then I'll definitely be ready for Denver :) 
That was the longest week ever . Ready to rest .... for just a little while . Can't wait to get out to < PROPMALE > , though . 
Is going to build some stilts !.... then maybe bust my face :) So excited ! 
Finished mah stilts today ! :) 
Officially loving my new stilts . Took my first tour around , without the safety of the awning or a spotter today . Picking it up way faster than I thought I would . Now ... onto making stilt pants :) 
Exciting weekend .... Austin today .... Captain Planet tomorrow :) 
Visit from the brother , costumes , good music , good peoples , and beer .... what a great night . 
Sometimes I need my skin to touch the breeze , sometimes I find beauty brings me down to my knees . Sometimes I don't know where I'm going and I don't care . 
First stilt walking experience around a crowd of people . So much fun :) I love my long legs ! 
Can't believe how amazing the day is going ! Beautiful weather , stilt walked Boo at the Zoo this morning , had an interview and got an awesome job ( dressed as a clown - cause I'm good like that ) , then get to see my aunt and cousin with Eminence Ensemble later . What a great start to my favorite holiday :) 
Moving into a place tomorrow :D 
Funny how sometimes it takes stepping away to realize that you had everything you needed all along . 
Bummed about recent developments , but excited to see the family . 
On the road again :) I love how for the last four years , every year I have learned and experienced more than I had the year before . It'll be interesting to see the adventures and lessons that are to come with next year . This year's been an incredibly insightful rollercoaster ride thus far :) (( Loving life )) 
What a good day ! The Frozen Movement and Rising Appalachia keeping my mood up through the drive , visiting Buffalo < PROPMALE>'s grave , hiking Hanging Lake trail , and seeing my family ... what could be better ? 
Getting paintbrushes , canvases and stuff to make my first set of sock poi today :) Needing some creative outlets . Maybe get fabric to make a new pair of stilt pants too ... ripped my last ones . 
Days ... Come and go ... But , my feelings for you are forever . 
You could be empty and I can be right here empty with you . You could be hollow and I can be right here hollow with you . If you want to say goodbye to everything , I could say goodbye too . I can be right here empty with you . 
Once a Wagler ... always a Wagler :) 
Each day's a gift , not a given right . \ 
\ 
<3 Life 
2 more days :D Thought it would never come ... lol . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! Off to have my first drink with my amazing Momma , Aunt and Uncle :D 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , Dec 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Yay ! Papa's home , safe a sound . 
Brazil is my perfect place to live according to the International Living Find Your Perfect Place to Live Overseas Quiz . Click the link to discover where you can live better for less . http://apps.facebook.com/live_overseas/ 
Lie , lie , lie ... then turn away , pretend as if nothing ever happend and offer no explanation . I like your style . 
#458 ... You're pretty friggin ' adorable and I had a lot of fun when we < PROPMALE > out . Wish we could have gotten to know eachother better before you had to leave ... and then I left . And then stupid phone went down :( Keep in touch , though ! I enjoy hearing from you ;) 
#88 - One of the most real , crazy , honest , and funny people I know . We've had some great times together . I love you dearly and I'll be looking forward to seeing ya ! 
Damn it ... I said I wasn't going to do this number game thing ... lol . But , there's some people that sent #s that I just couldn't resist . \ 
1511 - I don't think I've ever enjoyed catching for anyone else more than I did for you ... haha . You and your family are some of the sweetest people I've ever met . Hope you are doing well and we've got to get together sometime when I get back out that way ! 
Whoo ... stress , it's so good for the back . Not . Been a few months since my back's been in this much pain . Ugh . 
What an awesome weekend ! < PROPFEMALE > Hart flew into < PROPMALE > for a visit ... < PROPMALE > didn't know what hit it ! Dancing , Coyote Ugly , The Nut Cracker , Red Rocks , The < PROPMALE > Museum . Question is .... what didn't we do ? 
Job interview on Wednesday :D It's the first call I've gotten back from submitting apps and resumes , and it's the job that I really wanted . Hope it goes well . 
Is sure that the total lunar eclipse is going to be totally eclipsed by clouds where she's at tonight . * pouty face * 
Ba ha ha ... You can continue to dig your own grave , I'll just sit here watching , sippin ' on my lemonade :) 
Whoo , what a great couple of days ! Family , fun , good food , christmas carols and drinking games ... couldn't get much better than that ! Well .... maybe just a little but , that's out of my control ;) Hope the day was just as great to all of my wonderful family and friends ! I love you all and am very thankful that you are a part of my life ! 
Here we go again ... Another interview on Wednesday :) 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . * The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
is no longer unemployed ! Start Monday ! :D 
Wishing that I could hold my heart in my hands . 
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it , does it make a sound ? 
Today was SO amazing ! Doesn't get much better :) There's just one more thing that I could ask for ;) 
Got a second job . Be pretty busy but , I'll be able to catch up , get back on track :) Yay ! 
Loving both of my jobs so far ! Both are right up my alley :) 
All stars could be brighter , all hearts could be warmer . 
Yes , I speak English ( upside down ) , thank you very much . What the hell .... 
Karaoke for the first time lastnight . May have to make that a more regular thing now . Pretty fun :) 
Got a nice slap to the face .... Stung but , I'm awake now . 
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it , move with it , and join the dance . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Watts 
Woke up with a wiener on my front and a wiener on my back ... I love those little cuddle bugs . 
I'm such a dummy sometimes . Another crash test , please . 
Approx . 8 cups of coffee into the evening ... Planning an all nighter with my buddies , Canvas and Paint . Been awhile since I've been in the mood to spend some quality time with them . Enjoying the feeling :) 
Decisions , decisions ... FL just became a distinct possibility . Only , I'd have to leave within the next couple/few weeks , if I was to go . And , I would need to commit to at least a year there . Starting my Pro/Con list ... Well , jeeze , that's a first for me ... lol . 
I wanna take a preconceived down from underneath your feet \ 
and we could shake it off and instead we plant some seeds . \ 
Watch them as they grow \ 
and with each new bead from your heart the roots grow deeper\ 
the branches will they reach for what ? \ 
Nobody really knows . \ 
But underneath it all there's this heart all alone . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Johnson\ 
* My current ' happy ' music * :D 
Got a few days off of work . Going to head out to Eastern CO tomorrow for the rest of the week ... See Eminence Ensemble , visit some family and friends , have some good Taelour time :) Yay ! 
I kind of feel like < PROPFIRST > Bond when I'm cleaning the bathrooms . 
Thinks that she's officially done with cigarettes . Yay ! End of day 8 and I seem to be past the nicotene cravings and being irritable . Should only get easier from here on out . My body and bank account are going to be much happier :) 
Made it through this last disaster of a weekend with plenty of temptations to smoke and stressors that usually would have had me lighting up , and I didn't have a single drag . Definitely done . Whoot ! Feels really good . Have been saying that I was going to quit forever . Finally :) 
I should really get used to this . 
Well , that was an interesting end to the day , alright . Feeling really good and relieved , to be honest . Everything seems to be lining up exactly how I was hoping and planning on . Should be OR bound for a visit soon , followed by < PROPMALE > bound for a move . Very excited . Hope this flow continues . 
Over the mountains I go . Interview in Denver ... wish me luck :) 
Have the job if I want it . I'm thinking , < PROPMALE > it is ! :) 
Lots of preparation to take place in the next two weeks :) Let's not procrastinate as we usually do , Taelour . Make this one nice and smooth , please . 
