is home , and extemely inspired now . 

cleaned and reorganized her entire room , and renovated one of her closets so now there's a place for all the taxidermy stuff that has been collecting all over the floor ... I can actually walk in my room now , what a miracle . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays died today ... crazzyyyyy . I won't really miss his comercials . 
had a freakish dream last night ... 
wishes everyone a Happy 4th of July ... I'm off to The Woodlands :) 
wants to know why it's always the weird ones ... 
hates sewing leather . 
has 6 new raccoon pelts , 2 badger pelts , 2 raw bear skulls to macerate , and a wolverine skull coming in the mail ... I'll be busy for a while ha . 
has black bear heads in the freezer ... how many other people can say that and not be lieing ? 
is making a trek to La Grange tomorrow to mount an Axis < PROPMALE > with some professional taxidermists . :) 
has too much crap to do this weekend .... 
didn't know that having at opinion was illegal ? what up with that ? :( 
just wants to kill something . I'm so pissed . 
loves humor at other peoples ' expense . 
is a happy camper . <3 
uregheruhgfgekjthyriorhjkdfuhgfh 
... wow . haha <3 
thinks this weekend went by way too fast . 
Hakuna Matata <3 
put a new batch of skulls in the maceration tub for cleaning . yum . :P 
misses her boy , and will be busy all day tomorrow working on taxidermy animals with < PROPFEMALE > that will be for sale at the Texas Ren Fest . Baaahhhh .... 
feels just slightly perturbed . 
can't sleep : c 
is awestruck at the generosity and love that I have been shown this week . It is truly a gift from God to be surrounded by all the best people in the world everywhere I go ; at home , at work , at school , and anywhere else I may be . 
had a great night out with her good friends last night , and is looking forward to church tonight with < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Contrary to popular belief , moss grows on whatever side of the tree it damn well feels like growing on . 
Fingerless gloves : a generally pointless creation that , like most generally pointless creations , just helps contribute to the generally pointless attempts at creating uniqueness . 
can't get calls or texts ... my cell phone screen is out . So , whoever has been calling and texting me all day , my ringer has been going off , but I can't read/see anything/answer . Sorry ... call my house phone and leave a message- 281.992.1966 or email me . 
has a devious plot . ;) 
HAS A NEW PHONE ! PLEASE SEND < PROPFIRST > EVERYONE ! :) 
has to finish up some foxes for RenFest tomorrow and start on a bitchin ' Philosophy paper ... gonna be busy today . : c 
tonight is going to be a night of epic proportions . 
has finally defeated defensive driving . damn you speeding ticket . 
could really go for a snow cone right about now . 
dghjdfghtrhadbgsdfgsnhlkukg !!! 
does not like the cone of shame . 
just set them up , just set them up , just set them up to knock them down . <3 
would appreciate a few prayers right now . :( 
has her very first doe to taxiderm . She's currently staying in my Aunt's freezer lol . 
is hanging on , hoping for something better . 
My dog , < PROPFIRST > really needs everyones ' prayers that whatever is making him so sick just passes and that he is able to remain here with his family . Please say some prayers for < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm falling down , I can't wake up . I cannot hold on , I will not let go . It's over now , there's no way out . I cannot hold on , I will not let go ... 
badger badger badger 
... I will never be afraid again , I will keep on fighting ' til the end . I can walk on water , I can fly . I will keep on fighting ' til I die . <3 
bitchin ' New Years party tonight . :D I'm makin ' martinis ! 
changed her status because Hoss and < PROPFEMALE > told me I needed to because it was 5 days old . 
apparently , it's so cold that iguanas are falling out of all the trees in Florida . lol . 
She's got a halo ' round her finger , a halo around you . <3 
so now that me and < PROPFEMALE > are married , we've decided we're gonna buy house , and adopt a dog and name it < PROPMALE > Dugas . lol . 
Let the games , begin ! 
has a lovely bunch of coconuts ... deedaleedee . :) 
had a fun 10 hour road trip lol . 
has a full day ahead of her ... chruch , lots of homework , cleaning , and maybe out running today ! :) 
is shipping out dead animals today ... the post office loves me lol 
< PROPMALE > schwarzenegger is my celebrity look alike . 
spent her Saturday evening mounting a lifesize grey fox with her best friend . Great day . :) 
roadtrip to Kerrville for the weekend to have taxidermy adventuuuureeeessss . 
had a couple really oddball dreams last night ... that's when I know I have way too much on my mind . 
is an ultramafic extrusive rock . oh geology , how i love you so . 
was a unicorn , then I was an upsidedown satyr , and later , I'll be a fox . 
Ghost Hunters 100th episode special is on tonightttttttttt weeeeeeeee 
This week's gonna be a long one for more then one reason ... I can't wait for spring break . 
hacked by < PROPFEMALE > =] 
loves the random and spontanious nights with her best friend ... Spring Break is off to a great start . :) 
will be a Pokemon MASTERRRRR . 
is sadface ... blah . 
adventuuuuuurrrrreeeeeeee :D 
What a terrible week ... I just want to lay in bed all day tomorrow until it's over . :/ 
thank you everyone for all the Birthday wishes :) 
I feel a nap coming on , and there is no better place for this then in Managerial Accounting . Hooray . 
Clash of the Titans was a total flop . I suggest for those of you wanting to see it , go spend your 9 dollars elsewhere ... what a bad movie . 
microwave tip #42 : cat food explodes in 7 seconds . 
specializes in the ridiculous . 
saw a \wet floor\ " sign on a carpeted floor today at school . It would take some kind of genius to slip on wet carpet . " 
loves her some < PROPFEMALE > Oldani and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mccreight omnomnomnomnomnom . 
C : C : C : C : C : C : C : C : C : 
made a 98 on her first final , one down ... three to go :) 
is headed down to Corpus to pick up some still born whitetail fawns . :D Fun day . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . <3 
squeee c : 
F is for fires that burn down the whole town , U is for uranium ... bombs , N is for no survivors , here in the deep blue sea ... lmao 
is off to < PROPFIRST > for a couple days . :) Toodles ! 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber got caught with 5 grams of Cocain LOL 
is crispy . 
is playing taxidermist tonight ... it's crunch time for competition . :) 
It's kind of sad that my friends and coworkers feel like they need to call me at work to let me know there is a roadkilled skunk on the side of the road , asking if I want it . I appreciate the thought guys , y'all are great . LOL 
.... bah . 
now has a giant new freezer to put dead things in ... I need more dead things now . :P 
is putting the final touches on my LS Dingo for TX show this weekend ! I'm so excited !! :D 
just made a big bowl of guacamole ... flavorgasm . 
has a string of squeeky , pink , rubber ducks . My day has been made . 
can't wait to go check out the brand new indoor gun range they just put in this weekend ... I need to practice for Whitetail season around the corner ! :) 
just bought a new Mossberg . 270 rifle . Hooray , I have my first gun lol . 
really wishes that whatever kind of bug that's making me sick would go away already ... I hate being sick with a fever . :( 
Why must college eat all my money ?... I wanna buy cool taxidermy stuffs . Bahhhh . 
doesn't have to work tomorrow , oh boy !!! 
went to Pappasito's last night . The first thing I noticed about out waiter was that he had the same name as my dog , Brandon ... and as the night continued , I realized that this guy was the human version of my dog ; really cute , a little irritating , kinda slow , and not too bright . Those traits make the perfect dog ... but they make a terrible server lol . 
doesn't understand why the TTIA spells my name wrong on everything of mine they either post < PROPFIRST > or put online ... I think they have like 4 different variations of my name , all misspelled . Is my name that hard to get right ? lol 
: c 
Dear Kids on my Street ( And their ignorant parents ) , \ 
\ 
Please get out of the street . Don't stare at me and expect me to drive around your basketball game to get home . The road is for cars . Next time , you'll be under mine . \ 
Sincerely , I Will Mow Down the Little Fu*kers . 
RIP Legarto , the RDA lizard . He was a good lizard ... 
my whole news feed is pictures from other peoples ' hunting adventures this season ... i'm jealousjealousjealous lol . 
just started farmville ... jazmin sucked me in . I need neighbors , add me ! lol 
is headed to La Grange to spend a couple days with < PROPFIRST > P and play taxidermy . :) Fun Fun . 
has much to do today . 
I've got a beautiful , blue-eyed , Alaskan Coyote to mount for LS tomorrow ... should be a good day . :) 
I made a 100 on my first Finite Mathematics exam . I win . 
Oh Spring Break ... please get here faster . 
Dear person who is making fraud charges on my credit card , I see what you did there . I hope you enjoy your 6 months in prison , thanks for leaving an easy trail . 
Dear airhead in my history class , \ 
Yeah , A.D. stands for \after dinosaurs \"." 
Getting all the details pressed out for my BDay/Spring Break exotic hunt . I'm so excited ! :D 
Well , it's official . Scimitar Oryx hunt is a-go in two weeks . Epic . 
I just blew off 30 rounds on my . 270 with a friend ... what fun . Too bad the ammo is so expensive ! :P 
Why do professors assign projects and online exams over the week of spring break ? Seriously , it defeats the purpose . >:( 
Tomorrow , there will be one less Scimitar Oryx in the world . ;) 
Boot Camp was intense tonight ... my legs are sad inside lol . 
