A Happy New Year to all . Let's make it better known for optimism and realized hopes and dreams , instead of strife , death and destruction . 

Going out shortly to head to Salem . At least it's not raining yet . 
The breeze is coming through the open window , and the temperature is mild . It's a beautiful day , though it does portend rain again . Sometimes , the rain is very calming , and reassuring . When we've got a thunderstorm brewing , it's just like a Bulwer-Lytt 
I'm on an Englebert Humperdinck kick right now . I think right about now I've memorized most of the lyrics of his songs . Favorites have to be We Fell in Love and Love is All Yeah , so I'm a hopeless romantic , what can I say ? 
Another night with no sleep . Pretty much does hell with the infernal -- I mean \internal \"-- clock . Yikes . " 
Usual headache brewing -- just one 24 hour period is all I'm asking !! 
It's going to rain again soon . It's gotten chilly and damp out the window . < PROPMALE > is afraid of thunder so if he runs in to sit next to me , I know we're due for a wee bit of a storm . 
Sleepy ! I just want to put my head on the pillow and fall into blissful unawareness ! 
Okay to all of the farmers on FarmTown and FarmVille : Tomorrow I will begin to send gifts , accept those which have been given to me , and help out people for coins . I've been putting this off for a little while , so I guess I just have to face the music and get with it . Huh ? You all win ! ( Not a bad resignation , is it ? ) 
Okay , gifts are sent , flowers , trees and other obligations met -- for the moment . I'm sure that won't be true by the time I go to bed ..... ;-) 
To our Rhode Islanders : when did < PROPMALE > Point close down ? It's like Nantasket Beach , where Paragon Park used to be -- another old-styled amusement park gone forever . At Paragon , the roller coaster had some sort of record as a wooden coaster . I was terrified of it , until some of us hit the park in what was its last hurrah , and I went on it , knowing it was the last time . I won't forget it -- it was awesome . 
It was a hot and humid day . I was up early , but went back to bed and slept a little longer . My friend < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > has been very ill , and it looks as though he will be letting the little < PROPMALE > go into the endless sleep soon . He won't eat anymore , and he has kidney failure . We've been giving him fluids through the scruff , but it isn't helping . At about 17 , he's had a good life , but it's time to let him rest . 
It's been a nice day . I know it's a lot hotter than I like it , but it's doable . I have the a/c on , but not too cold , and a crack in the other window allows the kits to get closer to the outside world . Meanwhile , I have to sit and organize just another pile of DVDs and CDs . One group has vague labels , and another has NO labels . Someday , my life will be organized , but it ain't today ! 
It is only 87 degrees , but with the humidity , it feels like it's over 97 . I have to admit the weather hasn't been too-too hot all summer , but for those few days like today , I can only say I will be very happy when autumn is here . Of course , then I'll be wanting to make the winter go away , so I can't win weather-wise . I'd take it , however , over SoCal , though , anytime ! 
I'm beginning to think the cynics were right , and that it was a simpler society 40 years ago . That's forgetting that a war was going on , rapists still raped , pedophiles still molested little boys and girls and the Church still ignored it , cigarette smoking not only killed you , but most of those who breathed the smoke , drinking destroyed families and caused horrible accidents . Yep ! Simpler . 
After 7 now , and it's getting more apparent that we don't have daylight as long as we did 2 months ago . Shadows are slower and longer , it seems , and the haze makes your imagination go wilder on exactly how hot it is ! A slight breeze gives a modicum of relief and stirs the air to keep it all from getting too stale . I want to be by the ocean , and breathe in the essence of the day . 
It's so damned hot that I couldn't wake up this morning ! I finally got up at about 1 -- although I must confess I didn't go to bed until after 4 , so that might have something to do with it ! 
Question for all : Does anyone think it silly or wasting time having an active fantasy life ? One day a week and a half ago , I had a doctor tell me I spend too much in my fantasy world , and I tried to explain that as a writer , I run scenarios in my mind of different scenes I want to write , and use the fantasy \me\ " to add continuity to a story or simply an event . " 
Saw Inglourious Basterds yesterday -- my first Tarantino film . I was concerned about the graphic violence potential , but for the most part , nothing looked so graphic that I needed to turn away . < PROPMALE > actually liked the movie more than I did after all . He would heartily give it a full 4 stars ( out of 4 ) , but I would give it a 3 or 3 1/2 , except for the last scene , which I would award 4 stars . 
Going to two appts , which means I'm not going to be home much until tonight . 
Went to Hampton Beach today -- first time up there . We got there a bit late , and I was tired , but < PROPMALE > did more walking than I could . But got partway on the boardwalk , walked the beach for a little while , and had an excellent buffet at the Ashworth Hotel . As we were getting ready to leave , it started to rain , but we got back to the car quick enough to avoid getting wet . 
Sorry guys who play FarmTown , Farmville , or any other dynamic sim game--I'm quitting . My energy level is very low , and I'm only pulling down those of you who are actively playing . I'll see if I can save my game when I can go off it , and possibly pick it up again in some future time . 
Sometimes I think the great Ghu has a great laugh at our expense . Perhaps even to the point that fate/Ghu/purple unicorn creates nasty scenarios where we get injured or hurt and he can laugh his ass off . After a fall yesterday , I am once again stuck with bruised ribs ( right side ) which took me about a month to heal last time . It's difficult to do much of anything when every move is guaranteed to hurt more . 
Way back when .... we spent nearly the whole summer from young childhood to late teens on my mom's parents farm in Cape Breton , < PROPFEMALE > Scotia . It was bliss as a whole , where even not-so-pleasant things gave us memories ! were told not to get dirty on Sunday morning -- oops , too late ! Covered with lice ! tried to play with chick until mother hen got me in a ditch and pecked me until my mom rescued me ! 
one of the kittens died , so we got a small box and had a funeral for it jumping in the fresh harvest of hay in the barn and befriending the barn cat along the way ! ending up in the latrine pit in the back of the farm , covered in -- well , you know watching the Northern Lights oh so many things ! if heaven is real , I think to plan it in my past , within the summer of my heart , 
Sometimes , I think there is a vacuum around me when I post about something tangential or in my past . I try to philosophize and it goes nowhere . ( Perhaps Socrates , Aristotle and < PROPMALE > Aurelius were also ignored ? ) 
The summer is starting to pass away , as autumn gradually comes to be -- the nights are cool enough to warrant a light blanket on the bed , and fans and air conditioners are left unused for days . Pretty soon , the leaves will start to turn , and we will all be treated to the fantastic color show that makes New England special . Yeah--I'm back in Massachusetts now , and will never live in SoCal again if I have any say in it . 
Yeah , I got the wrong cubic oriented spelling . Should have been cubicle , not cubical . Damn ! First misspelling in a very long time ! 
You never appreciate the lack of pain until you're in a lot of it ! Bruised , possibly broken ribs , it doesn't matter which : take a pill for the pain and shut up , if you can stop screaming every time you move . I just need to stop tripping and falling or the authorities might suspect my cats of owner abuse . Oh , wait .... 
Are we here because we're unique , or because a more advanced species couldn't kill us outright , and the earth is the equivalent of the Botany Bay ? 
Got a box back that I hadn't even remembered owning . It was filled with 100s of negatives from the 50s and 60s . I don't think I ever really checked them out before , but I took more than a quick glance at them for once . Most of them are b/w . This is the kind of treasure some of us enjoy the most . As soon as I can get my scanner up and running again , I have a lot of work to do ! 
An old photograph in the pile I just got back was taken in 1976 when I was at August Party in < PROPFEMALE > . We'd managed to bring < PROPMALE > Tate to the convention , and boy he was great . In the picture , < PROPMALE > is surrounded by the group of us , and he has his arm behind me . I look happy , but I also look a little dazed . As soon as I can get it digital , I will post it . It brings back a lot of memories . 
I must have really been tired as I slept most of the day away ! Perhaps the excitement of yesterday at the hospital was too much for me . I guess I'm getting old -- no , nevermind \getting old \"-- I've been there for awhile now ! " 
With the arctic circle defrosting , the continuous change in our own climate , and the worsening disasters brewing , all we can do is try to roll with the punches , and contemplate whether we're going to be around in 100 years ( we meaning human beings ) . I just want to see even the idiots denying it now come to the realization it's not as simple as they think . 
Flies ! I HATE flies ! It suddenly seems that they are ganging up on me today and yesterday . I want them all to go to HELL !!! 
To clear my status , I need to clear my head . Which isn't always possible , so I am forced to add even more information and deal with an accumulation of random facts , trivia , and irrelevant information instead of dumping all the useless crap . 
Still drowsy , even tho I slept fairly well . I notice if I wake up naturally , I don't remember my dreams , but with a more abrupt waking ( answering the phone ) I can remember bits and pieces better . I thankfully have some very vivid dreams when I can remember them--they're my very own TV network . 
I just did a big re-do of some of my photo albums , if anyone is interested . Have fun I hope) ! 
Want to make me cry ? Talk about < PROPFEMALE > , the calico mom who rescued her 5 kittens back in 1996 from the burning building . < PROPFEMALE > passed away last October at 13 , but her story shows that animals have all the traits humans are supposed to have , and perhaps even moreso . There are way too many animals who will never get loving homes , loving owners and lives away from the streets . And that makes me very sad indeed . 
Allergies are acting up though not sure why . When someone finds the perfect allergy remedy , please let me know ! 
Cat naps--I've been falling asleep at the computer again , for short bursts of 20-45 minutes . I'm trying to stay awake so I can get a normal sleep for the rest of the night , but the naps will likely keep me up as usual . Oh well . 
What does it take for a person to sleep ? With me , about 6 pills . Two to knock me out , one to put me down lower into REM sleep , two to keep from being bothered by things which might otherwise wake me up , and one , finally to let my body relax enough to stay asleep . I wish there was a single pill that could do all those things on its own , but after all these years , I haven't found one . 
Disks ! 100s of them !! I've begun the long process of organizing them . I have 3 types : music , media , and programs & computer stuff . The music is the smallest group . The programs are next , and the media is , by far , the biggest . I transfer my Tivo programs to the computer , and then to DVDs . I leave them in Tivo format because Media Player can read them , and I fit 6 episodes on each , all the same show . 
Alas and alack , I don't think I can manage a long nighter , so I bid thee adieu as I go play a game to help me get to sleep faster . And I really should go and put some food in my stomach ! 
It doesn't seem mid-week , though it is . Something about the weather and the season that are making me restless , and want me , dear god , to work on the house . That's just not natural ! 
I've become an activist . I can't do a lot of going out and being more active like that , but letters I can write -- and do . Just dashed off a note to < PROPMALE > Grayson in Florida for his bravery in stating the obvious about the GOP's stance on Health Care . We need more like him . 
Is photography , whether it is manipulated or not , < PROPMALE > ? Is the perception of the photographer the same as that of an < PROPMALE > ist , or a clever mechanic , or perhaps some other measure ? Are < PROPMALE > ists who work in other visual media good photographers , or vice versa ? Are the qualifications or skill sets the same ? What makes an < PROPMALE > ist in any medium ? When does one stop being an < PROPMALE > ist and become merely a technician ? 
Going out shopping -- it looks nice enough , but it's cooler than it looks ! Jacket time ! 
Lazy day . My nose is stuffed and I can't do much more to help . It's just an ugly mess . Need to get some Ocean spray ! 
Winter has arrived early -- we barely had a summer , and spring was not a really pleasant time at all . There are some leaves and trees all at their most pleasant moment in time . Too bad that stage won't last nearly as long as it should , with colors changing to the highest and brightest . Winter is going to be brutal , and I'm staying indoors all this winter . 
Went out to see a longtime friend tonight . We sat in the < PROPFEMALE > Garden for the better part of two and a half hours gabbing away . It was nice . We've decided we need to get out more often like tonight . I certainly enjoyed myself . There were all these things that have happened since we last talked and got together -- hopefully we'll get together long before there are as many things to talk about as there were tonight . 
My mom and I were talking a couple of days , and I was telling her about an acquaintance who died . She's been a con-goer herself , and the person who died was familiar to her . I told her you know you're getting old when people keep dying around you that you know . It doesn't make me want to < PROPFEMALE > each day on its own merits , but it sure as hell gets my attention ! 
I need to stay away from the polls . They're making my blood run and my fingers type ! 
WTF ? This year is going by so fast ! To say nothing of the five days of summer , the slightly overlong spring , and now , a prolonged autumn , with some winter-like temperatures ! It's going to be in the low to mid forties tonight ! I'm already quite cold , and with no heat until after the first of November . 
Doctors ' appointments today -- two of them ! Gonna be gone most of the afternoon . 
It's 20 to 6 a.m. and I still am not going to sleep . I will eventually , though , I hope . 
Why would today be a hard one on my sinuses ? Allergies are kicking my ass ! 
Spaghetti , with homemade sauce , just like the old days ! :-) It came out good with ground turkey instead of beef . I gave some to < PROPMALE > . He usually likes what I cook . I used to cook for family and friends when we used to have gatherings . I never learned to cook for one . < PROPMALE > only cooks for himself ( or two , when his mom was alive ) , so he doesn't understand why I make something in abundance and freeze it . 
Happy Samhain to all ! May your stories of the departed bring you joy and peace . 
I've been having trouble with my Firefox , with constant freezing , but the interface in Explorer is a heckuva lot better . If anyone knows why Firefox is messing up , let me know ! 
Mulling the potentials of a multiverse . That any decision we have made or will make becomes its own reality . That at certain times during the year , we can come close to whichever world is adjacent to our own , and either derive decisions based on the goings-on in that otherworld . or even become aware of them . 
It honestly looks like it's going to snow . Yikes ! It's too damned early to snow ! 
Great quote I saw just now : \Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day ; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime ; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish . \"" 
Try this diet ! Take your favorite food and eat it . Eat it until it's coming out your ears . Eat it until there's no room left in your home with the space it takes , and then , when the thought of another ounce makes you sick , toss it out . Don't buy anymore . Imagine just how sick of it you are , and what you wouldn't give for a salad . You might have gained a few lbs ., but then you'll be in the clear , and that's good ! :-) 
Question for everyone -- this question came from < PROPFEMALE > Boyle's videos , and it's one to mull over : Name 5 people ( dead or alive ) who you would have to a dinner party . My five : PZ Myers , the historic Jesus , FDR , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , MacGyver ( the character , not < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . Yours ? 
Religious extremists ? Yes , in the flesh -- and on these shores : http://rawstory.com/2009/11/evangelist-religious-trawling-assassins/ 
Okay , so now you know . I'm bored . I'm going to go watch some TV . :-) 
To all my friends -- have an excellent Thanksgiving , and even if it's only a smidge of things to be thankful more , it's still better than nothing ! So enjoy your dinner , wherever you go , and take it easy on seconds ! Of course , if you can have some turkey to take home , go for it -- sandwiches a couple of days after the \big day\ " are often even better than the Thanksgiving day itself . " 
Okay , truth time : How many of you Northeasters would kill to be in a warm place right now , and how many of you Southwesters would kill to see snow right about now ? Oh , and what about the rest of you : snow or sun ? 
What the heck are you still doing up ? The night belongs to us innsomniacs ! 
Anyone want an easy $1M ? Prove that ESP and other paranormal things are real -- incontrovertibly -- and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > will hand you a check for $1M . Fact : in all the time that he's been offering it , no one has been able to prove anything . 
How it can all change so quickly . But it can't change unless you want it to , in your own little world . The world , OTOH , can't wait for those who hesitate -- too many want things to change , and those that don't , try to stop those who do . 
Happy Holidays to everyone ! We really need to have Xmas in July when it's still warm out . Close everything down on November 1 , and hibernate until March 1 . For the world down under , they can hibernate from about Jun 15 until September 15 . It would work , I think , and I know people like me wouldn't feel like we were freezing to death . ( This doesn't apply to parts of the world where it never gets cold . ) 
Itchy skin , from both winter drying and allergies , It's tiring to be scratching that much ! 
I've gone back to the picture of Jean-Luc . It's been almost a year since I lost him , and I miss him terribly . 
A Happy and Healthy New Year to all of you ! 
Ever wonder when you see a celebrity expressing an emotion outside of working , whether that person is really in that emotional state , or if they are still acting , because they believe the world wouldn't approve of their real emotional state , or couldn't accept it ? Do performers really hide their true selves because they believe others can make or break them otherwise ? 
Trek people ! Quick question . Having a discussion with someone about Trek , as they said All in the Family was far more influential than Trek , because over the course of all series and films there was never a gay person and there was on All in the Family .. That has to be wrong ! Anyone have any proof otherwise ? And the Trill episode with < PROPFEMALE > can't be counted , nor the episode when Dax is all the Daxes . 
Winter sucks . At least for me . The cold bothers me , the wind bothers me and I have little energy . I can't wait for spring to be here ! 
I'm quitting for the night , I think . I'll save the world tomorrow if it isn't destroyed tonight .......... :-) 
My version of the 7 dwarfs : Sleazy Creepy Easy Slimey Gropey Slutty and Horny Just another one of my dumb lists . 
It's time . Goodnight . 
Well , it looks as though it's all over for Massachusetts . We are now , unofficially and unfortunately , purple . How the Commonwealth of Massachusetts could elect such -- garbage -- is beyond me . ( This is based on unofficial returns being counted . ) 
Can you believe , with all of the games , quizzes and networking , I could actually be bored ? Yeppers ! 
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/20/education/20teacher.html 
I think I need to start doing some work soon . I finally got all my extraneous crap -- er , files -- off the computer so that I can now work with PS and < PROPMALE > . The one problem with < PROPMALE > is how slow the damned rendering is , so you can grab a shower , a good massage and even dinner before a good file finishes up . But I lear ... ned a lot about it over the years , and can tell a good design even as you look at it in wireframe . 
There must be something going around ! I'm miserable ! ( More miserable days than good days -- must reverse that ! ) 
This alien craft lands in the parking lot at the creationist museum ... Two of them get out , look around , get back into their ship and prepare to leave . < PROPMALE > Ham runs out and waves at the ship . The same 2 aliens get out , and Ham asks who are they and why are they there . They talk with each other , shrug their shoulders , and say , \Our mistake -- we were looking for intelligent life . There obviously isn't any here . \"" 
Canadians are smarter than Americans . They've known for a very long time what to do with fundies . They drown them : that's why it's called the Bay of Fundy . Duh ! 
Status update ! I just wanted to call out to my friends in the mid-Atlantic ( and wherever inland ) who have been pummeled with a blizzard . It hasn't come this far north yet , so I just wanted to make sure everyone is okay and managing to stay warm . 
< PROPFIRST > Murtha has died at age 77 . RIP , Sir . 
Life is too short for optimists , and too long for pessimists . I have no idea of which category I fall into , but right about now , it's a little too long , 
For me , writing is not the most crucial part of my story telling -- that happens later . Instead , I have to become submerged in an invisible world that only I can see , a place where my reality becomes the fantasy , and the fantasy becomes my reality . If I can't feel , see , touch , hear and comprehend this imaginary world ; if I can't be part of the world I'm creating , I have failed to become a true author of fiction . 
Back -- sort of . I got Windows up and running , but my file manager seems to think I only have a 35GB hard drive , and that half of it is already used . So the damned thing can't figure out it's about 120GB short of a brain . Eh ! Someday .... someday .... 
Bummed ou t--t he oral surgeon couldn't pull my teeth today . I never , ever thought there would be a day when I was actually looking forward to the dentist's office . I just wanted it to be all over with , something I now have to postpone for even longer ! 
I'm turning into an owl . I slept all day until 3 , and now it's almost 3 am , and of course , I can't sleep . It could be those brownies I had a couple of hours ago . 
Last night was a very interesting dream night . ( Or rather this morning was . ) Two fully detailed dreams with an incredible amount of information . I'm going to describe them to my notes area , because they are still fresh in my mind , and because you really can't write them out on the wall . 
If I could improve FB , the 2 things I would do : smilies , which we use everywhere else to give a little emotion to our posts , and allow us to edit our posts to some degree , especially for those typos we all make on occasion . I guess one of the disadvantages of that would be that there might be too much thought going into a post , and there would be less posting . Thankfully , we're not killing trees on here ! 
Will winter never go away ? I'm certainly done with it ! 
Anyone interested in School of Wizardry game ? I don't want anyone to feel obligated to getting into it , so before I get too involved in something like this , I thought it would be better to ask first , get involved later . Just let me know soon . 
Ugh . Just had a tooth pulled . One of the crowns on a back tooth broke off completely , dentist had to take it out in two pieces . And it gets better -- there is the last tooth in the back which ALSO had a broken off crown , and the dentist said that one is going to be far worse to remove ! I dunno -- maybe I should have them all yanked out and get false ones ! 
Well , the pain level is down , but the jaw is visibly swollen , and it's hot to the touch . I've been getting a little worried about how I'll be after the second broken tooth is pulled . It's the tooth in the far back , and it's going to be even more difficult to pull . out . 
I watched a couple of the old 1950s TV show , One Step Beyond . When I was very young , I recall watching one episode , where a child is taken care of by what we've come to know as Bigfoot , and how he is never actually seen , and I was so frightened by it , I never watched it again . I'm gonna try to make up for it , by watching more episodes ! 
Tooth update : it was all right yesterday , until very late , but there was a lot more pain in it today . So I took something for the pain and slept awhile , and while it's not 100% , I feel a little better . This is going to take some time , unfortunately . 
I ; m falling asleep at the keyboard , so I'll say goodnight . 
It's 8:49 here , and I just checked my email . Strangely , I have a piece of mail with a time stamp of 9:12 . Curious . 
Something has to be wrong when people are dropping like flies , and I know nothing about it until WAY later . Like one of my bosses , who died 3+ years before I heard about it , or a friend who died 10 months earlier , about which I knew nothing , or even a fandom friend from years ago who died 6 months ago . I know I can't possibly know everything , but I thought the internet stuff was supposed to make communication easier ! 
Very late . I'm tired . Did lifting tonight that kind of wore me out . But I got a last < PROPMALE > this time around to see my uncle and aunt before they head back to < PROPFEMALE > Scotia , or to Newfoundland , whichever they decide to head to . It was an absolutely perfect day , weatherwise . 
It seriously makes me frustrated to not be able to type more than 420 characters in the status box . I wonder if someone has formed a group yet to demand more real estate in the status area ? I'll join right away ! 
It's time for me to let < PROPMALE > get some fresh air , and open up the windows after a very cold and cruel winter . Delenn doesn't care about the outside world , just as long as I feed her heaping amounts of food . ( She's hyperthyroid , so very little of it sticks to her ) . ( They're both furbabies , in case anyone wondered . See them in my photos if you want . ) 
I'll go back to my regularly scheduled profile picture after \A\ " week is over . :-) " 
Kitten season . ... I wish to hell that people would get their pets spayed and neutered , instead of dropping them off at the pound when they have too many of them , or abandon them if they move . I hate people who don't understand a pet is for LIFE , NOT a toy you toss out when you're bored with it . 
I'm going out ! While that sounds a bit over-enthusiastic , it's a gorgeous day , and the winter was long and painful , and it's in the 70s today ! So I'm going out for awhile to enjoy the beautiful temperatures we've got . 
Spent the better part of the day going thru MP3s and creating a playlist . Problem was my 2nd external HD , which has most of my music on it , kept failing to be seen by ' puter . Had to figure out why , and to get both the MP3 player and 2nd HD both available at the same time . Seems two of my damned USB cables are bad , so tomorrow -- oops , today , when it's light time -- I have to go in search of .... other cables . 
I could go for a pizza right about now . Green peppers and onions , yummmm ....... with a nice side salad , iced tea and something light for dessert . 
It's sad -- checking out the obituaries to find out if your relatives are dead . My SIL lost correspondence with her siblings years ago , and we've been trying to trace them down . She is only 1 of 9 , and has kept in touch with only 2 , and one of those is gone . By checking an obituary database , she has found two more have died , one in 2003 , and the other in 2004 . 
Spent yesterday and the latter half of Saturday doing a reinstallation of Vista , which , BTW , I despise . I lose data everytime the system crashes . Aggravating POS ! I'm glad I managed to do a complete backup of everything up to the 1st crash , but this one hit me so quickly , I couldn't react in time . So , a loss of about 2 months ' work , which isn't as bad as it could have been . Time to make contingency plans , I think ! 
For the last few years , I have stayed out of the fray over the Harp Seals in Newfoundland . I do so at peril with my opinion , I know , but I have reasons -- most of them are relatives . My aunt and uncle reside in St. < PROPFIRST>'s , Newfoundland , and my uncle is a fisherman ( now retired ) . And from what he has told me , as usual , there are two sides to the story . 
I can't physically handle the winter like I once used to , but I was thinking right now about how beautiful the landscape looks in the light of a full < PROPFEMALE > , bouncing on the white snow and illuminating a place just from the reflection . It's one of the prettiest sights one can remember from a childhood ( or adulthood ! ) long past . 
Could someone intelligent ( all MY friends are smart ! ) explain to me why in the name of heaven and hell are the Kardashian sisters , especially < PROPFIRST > , famous ? They have no talent , their father is very < PROPMALE > , so they can afford any kind of plastic surgery they want to enhance their shell , but they don't seem to have much inside worthy of being praised over . So WHY exactly are they famous ? 
< PROPMALE > hates Engelbert Humperdinck . Is that one of the signs of the Apocalypse ? 
I have been spending lots of time lately watching old episodes of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I like seeing how women used to dress then . I cannot believe I might have had to wear a dress ! It's certainly interesting how women look so much older than they are , simply because of their hairstyle , or because they're wearing pearls , or whatever . And hats ! Hats were definitely big , and we're not talking baseball caps ! 
Friend < PROPMALE > took me to dinner tonight for my birthday ( which was yesterday ) . Great meal at Bertucci's--anyone else addicted to their gorgeous little rolls , and their dipping oil ? Heaven would never taste as good ! He also bought me a couple of books ( one on Cape < PROPFEMALE > , my favorite part of Mass ., and the other , a book on the best of food in Mass . ) , and CHOCOLATE . I enjoyed myself tremendously ! 
Jury duty . Almost got to 1st step on 1 trial , but the one just before got the nod . Stuck til 1 anyhow . Headache coming on . Need more than muffin and gatorade in me . 
Back from jury duty ! I have finished my civic duty for another 3 years . I did end up serving on a trial , though it was likely one of the shortest assault and battery trials ever . From opening statements to end of trial was about 2 1/2 hours , with only 3 witnesses , including the victim . Extra time was taken up by a translator -- without that need , it could have been even shorter ! Glad it's over with , though ! 
I've been watching episodes from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , intent on seeing as many of them as possible . There is one thing that REALLY gets to me , and that is the casual attitude towards smoking . Every character seems to smoke , even the otherwise glamourous women -- I think of what all the clothes must have smelled like . What a difference a half century makes ! 
It's only May , and we've got the entire spectrum of weather . From 90 one day , to mid 40s a couple of days before or after , it's obvious -- to some of us at least ! -- that our weather has gone bonkers . We need to make changes sometime soon , or we will all be subjected to even more crazy weather ! 
What's next ? I'm not even sure I know the questions anymore , so certainly the answers are equally murky . We need to start at the beginning again , and look for the questions all over again . 
So disappointed ! I got through the 1st season of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > episodes , and was looking forward to watching more , and I can't find them ! They're not listed at CBS.com, and while I've tried other resources , it doesn't seem likey're around . \ 
\ 
I find them an excellent comment on society in the 1950s , and how much we've changed over the past 60 years . 
I've become a zombie with so little sleep . I think I got an hour last night . I have an appointment at 11 , so that creates a bit of drama for me . \ 
I have to have my finger worked on . Damned trigger finger , left index finger . It hurts bending it , it hurts straightening it out . The whole hand is into a bad phase with arthritis and other problems already , this is just another problem to add to the pile . 
Tomorrow : day surgery . My finger is going to be released from ever getting swollen again -- at least that's what the story is . At my age , and I've never had any kind of surgery before ! I've had angioplasties , but that's considered a \minimally invasive procedure . \ " Wish me luck ! " 
Put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
At Foxwoods , and PO'ed--the bus down to here was sold out , and no one was apologizing . < PROPMALE > came to the rescue and drove me down . Otherwise , I would have missed the concert . I'm taking pain pills for my hand , and I'm very , very sleepy . 
It's almost 6:30 -- I've managed to keep busy for most of the day . Still a bit drowsy , but I'll manage at this point . Once the concert starts , the adrenaline rush will keep me going . I've memorized enough lyrics to enjoy singing a bit , but listening to him should be more fun . \ 
Gonna go -- going to find the ice cream before the concert begins . It's mostly dinner , but since I ate at 3 , I think of it as more of dessert . 
I tried to catch up today to some things , but I was too tired , too sore , and too spaced out . Perhaps today will be different . 
Yikes . Updates . It's already Wednesday a.m. and Tuesday passed so fast , I felt like our friend in Time Machine ( my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) . I get to relax for awhile today , thank goodness , but I'll be back to paying attention to a schedule on Thursday . My TIVO still isn't set up , and my TV remote still needs to be fixed . I hope that changes very soon ! 
Hi to all my new friends ! I hope I manage to keep you interested in many things that I talk about through my posts . Feel free to ask me questions , answer questions , or just wish everyone a good day . \ 
Oh , and that goes for all my OLD friends as well ! :D Never let it be said that I was weak , demure or shy ! 
It's been hot , and I've been partially miserable . I turned the A/C on , though it was done kicking and screaming -- how could it be so hot so early ? I have become a night owl to escape the worst of the heat , so I have a feeling I will continue to do so . What happened to spring ? 
Has anyone ever wondered why not all people are into some of the things that the rest of us find so compelling ? I know people have to have distractions -- but when I see so many following the likes of Limbaugh , Hannity , Beck , and so many other hatemongers , and then not even showing an interest to refuting what is said , I get this queasy feeling that all is lost in the world that patents hate , and destroys so much good . 
Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day ! We spent the day enjoying the Newport area of Rhode Island , in Little Compton and Tiverton . It was a peaceful trip , and I got to sit at the beach and meditate for a short while . Being to the beach brings a renewed sense of wonder , and makes me remember that , while things might be bad sometimes , I have within me the ability to change things , even if I have to do it slowly . 
I have found , through many different adventures , that there are things which are more important than mundania , like trying to put into words the sense that we are a very < PROPFEMALE > part of a universe so vast it's inconceivable , and the thought that there are other living , sentient beings \out there\ " which makes me feel so much awe . \ 
Right about now , I would give almost anything for the perfect massage . Get the knots out , get my shoulders back in order , and keep the pain from coming again in my upper and lower back . 
Had a big toe attack today ! A wee bit of an infection , taken care of by a good doctor . Sorry , I won't be allowing any toe sucking for awhile , I'm afraid ! ;-D 
Thunderstorm coming up ! The winds are high , with completely overcast skies . These storms don't last a long time , and I suspect they will be over quickly . < PROPMALE > is in with me , which is good , cause he is afraid of thunder . 
To all the fathers out there : wishing you a great day with wonderful gifts , breakfast in bed , and all your sports games on TV . Suck it up , though , because after all that , things are going back to normal , with snot-nosed brats interrupting you repeatedly , a wife who regains mastery of the family , and a wet dog's nose on your face . Come on -- admit it--it's worth every minute of it all , 24/7/365 . 
It's raining . I hope it takes away some of the humidity . I have an appt . today , and it would be nice to not have to deal with rain . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? Cancer .? All ? I ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ? CURE . ? 93% ? WON'T ? copy ? & ? paste ? this . ? Will ? YOU ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? 
Friday . It doesn't matter to me at all , but it means something to many others . When I got off the beaten track , I rejoiced , but I certainly remember what it meant psychologically to me -- the end of a week , a few days to do whatever I pleased , a respite from labor . Noone to command my time , and noone to demand my strength . It's THAT day again ! 
Daily Show guest is author of \Absence of Mind\ " by Marilynne (?) Robinson about religion and science not excluding each other . She appears very nervous . " 
There is a vast difference at the present , when half of all voters see things one way , and the other half is almost 100% to the other viewpoint . What caused our nation to come to such odds ? And why is it that there can be no compromise ? 
Friday . The heat is back , and I think I will likely stay in the A/C to stay cool . It's difficult to do much else , since the heat zaps all my energy ! Hope everyone tries to stay cool ! 
A thank you to all my new friends here on Facebook--it's great to have so many people here I can now discuss many philosophical issues with ! \ 
And an extra special kudos to all my old friends , because you are tolerant and open-minded ! 
< PROPFEMALE > wanted my dinner , but I'm tired of her messing up the bed , \ 
so I put the plate on the floor so she wouldn't mess up the bed , and eat it on the floor . Well , she finally got the idea to go on the floor and eat . Except she had a small chunk of meat in her mouth , and jumped on the bed to eat it ! I always knew she had a higher IQ than me ! 
It's heaven here in this room : an A/C running on low , with a fan on low as well , spreading coolness around . I can deal with it ! 
A very , very Happy Birthday to the heroine of magucal fiction , < PROPFEMALE > Rowling ! < PROPFEMALE > turns 45 today . ( Or rather , 7/31 , NOT 8/1 ) 
Hot and humid . There was a little breeze earlier , but when I came home , I was wiped out . Hmmm .... Could be the 2 1/2 hours shopping at Target . That might have made me tired ! 
Children should not be expected to gain any real wisdom while they are in school . Life needs to be lived in order to understand some things , like philosophy , politics , and law . School can equipt them with the tools to understand , but it can't give them the experience to have insight into very adult circumstances . 
Time flies . It's hard to get a good sense of long-ranged thoughts and goals when you can't even remember what day of the week it is ! It can mess you up when you need to go to appointments during the week . And except for trash day , it all blurs into one great cycle separated somehow into 24 hour days . 
GAWD ! I can't STAND < PROPFEMALE > Palin !!!! Her voice alone sends chills down my back !! ** shivers ** 
Scramble players wanted ! 
Have you ever noticed that some people talk about the SAME things over and over , like they just don't have any idea of things outside their own purview ? Either that , or they're so stuck on a subject ( often themselves ) that they can't understand why anyone would want to talk about anything else ? 
Some writing fun ! Two entries for Bulwer-Lytton from me . I couldn't resist . I've been wanting to do this for years . \ 
I've separated them into individual comments -- the only way to get around the limitation FB has on initial posts . 
http://www.funnyforwards.co.cc/funny-george-bush/ 
Death and taxes .... are they really the only two things we can be sure of ? 
I walked a lot yesterday . Downhill . For most people , it would be a breeze . For me , more like torture . I ache everywhere . It probably negated all the gentle exercises I've been doing . I need my car back on the road again . Not sure I can afford it , though . 
Swimming today . The water is more conducive to me to gain strength in my legs . I know I shouldn't overdo it while I'm in the water , though : last time , my legs and arms were quite sore after the day was done . 
A new nickname for the < PROPFEMALE > of idiocy : Failin ' bailin ' Palin . 
Time travel is not only possible , it's also likely . I believe Hawking said that it wasn't possible , because if it were , we would see time travelers . But I refute that . If you went into your past and changed something , you wouldn't be changing YOUR world , but one parallel to your own , instantaneously created by you at that moment . Your world remains intact . I will write a note on this < PROPFEMALE > to explore it further . 
Ever notice that , while most businesses in this country have shifted to a more casual dress , that suits are mainly prevalent in such areas as car sales and funeral homes ? 
A silly little piece that I remembered from a very long time ago . For my Trek and SF friends , mainly . I had to be about 11 , and I used to write poems . So one day , I wrote a poem about space . Actually , I wrote a lot of poems about space , but lest I digress .... \ 
The poem is likely gone forever , but I will always remember the first line : < PROPFEMALE > , are you Sirius ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Long day . Did more than I should have , but it was pleasant . I think it's been the first time , since 1985 , that I was actually at Nantasket Beach , because the last time I was there , was close to when Paragon Park was razed . Not much left of the old days , I'm afraid . 
Can't stay awake ! Exhaustion from yesterday , or just plain fatigue ? Wish I knew for sure . 
Wednesday ! Grim realization : there is absolutely NOTHING to watch on TV during the day , unless you are a 10 year old , or an over 60 year old . For the rest of us , watching a clothes dryer would be more exciting . 
So the nutcase far right Tea Party candidate won in Delaware -- do you think she has a choice against the not-so-nutty Democrat ? Let's talk about the political choices of the far right , and shed some light on whether the US has gone bar downhill toward extinction , or if the majority of voters in the country are smart enough to keep us from falling into the abyss ! 
< PROPFIRST > Takei doing Sharp Quattro commercials ...... 
I love the spring and autumn equally . One goes from dead to life , the other from life to death . Or does it ? Can't we see the world in fall simply falling asleep , and rising in spring to greet the day anew ? 
My brief review of the new Hawaii Five-0 follows -- the only way I can get around the posting length restrictions in \statuses ! \"" 
My < PROPFIRST > is dead . I am without transportation , probably permanently . Life sucks . 
Since there are so many wonderful animal related causes going on in October , I propose we make all of October \Be Kind to Animals\ " month ! Anyone with me on this one ? " 
Dreary , wet and dark . My soul is alive , though , with thoughts of yesteryear , and of long gone days when my soul was lighter and free of the pain of getting old . Old friends who return to the hearth and home -- the circle becomes complete . 
Saw Legends of the Guardians today . Well , I went to see it , at least . Of course , I wasn't prepared to find myself falling asleep about 1/2 into it , and then waking up for the last 1/2 hour . I'm not sure why I fell so asleep , but since there were only two others in the theater watching it , at least I know I wasn't bothering anyone ! 
I grew up in the 60s and 70s , where individuality was encouraged , so I have to wonder , why is it that so many kids nowadays want to simply disappear into the background , instead of proudly bearing their own banner of uniqueness ? Can we talk about it ? 
Melancholia . One of the best days to be outside , but no strength to enjoy it . Bade the < PROPFIRST > goodbye today , handing the title to the garage -- took anything left in it to save . * sad * 
Friday . I paid for my being outdoors yesterday , by sleeping half the day away . I did make a commitment for tomorrow to go swimming , so I will be happy to get out for that . I can exercise in the water without bothering my back , and just to get to do something that I truly enjoy . Yay . 
To the pool today . I don't really swim , I guess -- I float on my back , and use my arms to get from one end of the pool to the other . In between , I did exercises to help strengthen my legs . My back was in pain a.m. , so it good to help get the stress off it .. \ 
Hoping that I make it to the pool more often . It had been doing wonders before I got an ear infection , but I'm hoping for a fresh start ! 
I must confess : I thought today was Saturday or Monday , though not Sunday . It's pretty much the state of affairs when you're in 24/7 and can't relate to anything outside . Even TV -- with syndicated shows on other channels , you could definitely get confuse . That's my story , and I'm sticking to it ! 
So , it's really Monday today ! We're going out to look at the foliage , if there is anything other than the brown dead leaves we've been having for a while now . \ 
I can't help , though , to be sad -- it was just such an occasion when the day after my little < PROPFEMALE > managed to get out of the house , and disappeared forever . Rest easy , my little < PROPFEMALE > . I miss you . ???? 
Philosophical question : the whole world has a wide variety of cultures , and definitions of what is good . So how can a god be a god for all people ? Which definition of \good\ " does the \ " god\ " follow ? Or does such a god make allowances for different cultures 
If fundies are god's chosen people , their god isn't anyone I'd want to know !!! Can you imagine what their heaven would be like ? Yikes ! ;) 
Today , I found out what many already know : Limewire is dead . D-E-A-D . I'm going to miss it ! :( 
Today the Mall , Washington , DC . I'm not there , but I am watching it on Comedy Central , live . I'm kind of glad -- I wouldn't be a whole lot of help there , and I wouldn't be able to stand up for any length of time . This is a much preferred viewpoint . ;-) 
Corbomite ??? That is a direct reference to < PROPFEMALE > Trek ! 
Vet today . Delenn is gearing up for her radioactive treatment next week . I hope it works out well . I can't wake up anymore to a cat yowling for food ! 
Things aren't as bad as they could have been regarding the election . But people are going to learn pretty fast what some of the newly elected liars believe . And it ain't gonna be pretty .. 
It looks like Palin is going ahead to run for the presidency . Oh my . Is that a gift , or a curse ? 
Has anyone ever noticed that on occasions where homo sapiens tries to move a step further in evolution by becoming more pacifistic , we are launched into another round of conflicts somewhere in the world ? I think there is so much money earned by the wealthy during times of war , that they are often the ones in control of the private sector or military sector that has the power to go in and run a war . It's sick . 
The seeds of this depression lay in the hands of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . The only responsible way to deal with this is to make sure the name of < PROPFIRST > Raygun dies aborning on the lips of his right-winged admirers , as the rest of us make sure they can never canonize that bastard . While GWB will go down in history as the worst president the US has ever had , I'd like to see RR follow right behind him into the bowels of hell . 
Since when did allergies become so miserable ? If I had tried any harder , my eyes and nose would have wiped clear out of my head . Time to take more allergy meds ! 
A Happy Thanksgiving to all , whether you celebrate or not ! Regardless of where you are in the world , we almost all have something to be grateful for , and we should give thanks for it -- voicing thanks outloud often makes us see it that more clearly . 
Winter is cold -- very , very cold .... Brrrrrrrrrrrr . 
I've been trying to rearrange my schedule to sync it up with most everyone else , but it's hard to do it . After you've grown used to a 4 am to noon sleep cycle , you can't easily get back to midnight to 8 am ! 
British friends -- I had a dream about Leamington Spa last night/this morning . Is there anything odd going on in the Cotswolds right now ? Any reason I should be thinking about the place ? I seem to have dreams about places that I would not normally think about otherwise . But it doesn't always happen immediately , so if something pops up , please let me know ! 
A mind is a terrible thing to waste . But sometimes , it's plain to see that I have forgotten more than I ever thought possible . Age isn't always the years , but the < PROPMALE > you've traveled . And it's been a VERY long journey ! 
Bit of a sore throat and greatly deepened voice . I sound like someone who's been smoking all their lives . Hope it's not anything more than a cold ! 
Finally got my new cell . It's a smart phone with android apps , and it's a bit smaller than most . Considering I have smaller hands than most , it fits well for me . It takes a little while to get used to the on-screen keyboard , but I'll get the job done ! 
I have found my true purpose in life , finally ! I am a human snot machine ! Yep , folks -- today alone I must have produced at least several quarts of the stuff : I also know , as a result , why we only use about 25% of our brains for thinking and autonomic function . The rest is hooked right into our sinuses , producing LEGIONS of the snot produced therein . 
A question for the < PROPMALE > ists : When did you reach a point where you could share your < PROPMALE > with others ? \ 
I'm not a painter -- but I've been a photographer for many years & digital < PROPMALE > ist . I know I have a decent eye when I am inspired , but I'm not sure I can share it . I don't get the kind of feedback I need , so I hold back . What do you do -- go out into the world regardless or study more until you have it < PROPFIRST > ? 
One would think that after a full week and slightly more , this damned cold/allergies would have gone away by now , but alas and alack , I'm still stewing in my own juices . It's not even funny at this point--I'm almost out of tissues , though I have plenty of toilet paper , and I wouldn't even let my worst enemy ( or < PROPMALE > Cheney , whoever is nastier ) go out in the weather to get me more ! 
Without laptop today . It won't boot for me . If anyone knows a way to get me up and running again without having to wipe the hard drive , I would appreciate it . 
Hey everyone , I think I found a new job for < PROPFIRST > Olbermann . Oprah Winfrey has her own network now , so she might be looking for someone to host a show for her . Share this with othersi if you think it is a ! worthwhile effort . 
Bad news on the computer sidde -- another shot laptop . How often do others of you need to replace yours ? Someone told me I go through them too often . 
State of the Union address .... are you watching ? Obama is on a roll . Check in if you're watching ! 
How do you know if you've broken a bone ? Somehow I wrenched my leg this morning , but I kept it up and now it's worse than it was earlier . It's probably strained , I suppose , because I can put some weight on it , but not a lot . 
I'm very very cold . It's 4 am , and no oil . I put in a call to get some , but I have to wait til morning . I have a small heater , but we three have to wing it . 
How NOT to lose weight : don't let a stomach bug tell you if you should eat something or not . Your stomach will be lying to you ! Get something to eat , now ! 
Can someone -- with some seriousness ( obsequiousness aside) -- tell me how ANYONE can believe a word out of < PROPMALE > Beck's mouth ? You would have to be nuts ! 
Imagine a time traveler from the past dropped in the middle of Cairo right now . They might drop dead from shock , but armageddon would surely be on their mind ! 
OMG . I finally am online again -- for real ! The new laptop is a lot more sophisticated than the old one . And I have a \p\ " again -- the old one had fallen off the keyboard . And now I don't have to type on a small window on my cellphone . Which I can't knock -- it kept me sane for the last two weeks . " 
How many insomniacs are among you ? I didn't sleep at all last night -- no joke -- and it's about the third time in the past two weeks where I went without sleep for about 36 hours . I will be up now today all day and it's a long day between now and 6:00 when I get home . 
So , ummm . Got my eye exam today , and with some bad news . Not horrific , but I'm beginning to show signs of diabetic retinopathy . No real loss of sight yet , but I have to see doc in 3 months . We're going to have to watch it closely . As I am a writer and photographer , I consider myself a visual person , so if it gets worse , I'm going to be at a loss to know what to do . 
Ever get an ear worm for a song you haven't even heard for many years ? This evening's ear worm was Stewball , from < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . I had to listen to it on Youtube before I could stop hearing it in my ear ! 
For those dog lovers among you , a note about the Westminster Dog Show , which just ended . The Best in Show aware went to aScottish Deerhound ! The other 6 group winners were : 
Help ! Second night of no sleep -- I hate this ! If I slept at all , it was for about an hour , < PROPMALE > . This crap gets old very quickly , and I'm a chronic sufferer . Too hot , too cold , too wired , too -- well , let's say I will try to find a mallet and hot myself over the head if I thought it could help me go sleepy land . 
Home . Falling asleep -- big difference from 3 days of insomnia when I could have been happy to be truly drowsy . 
If anyone cares , CBS fired < PROPFIRST > Sheen . 
Ever become so bored with things in general that you want to actually do something like cleaning or organizing ? I have a whole house to do , but I never quite get to it ! 
OMG--I'm an addict ! I've spent the past 4 HOURS on a hidden object game . These things are deadly to all human beings . I swear if a country wanted to avoid war , it might be a good thing to have their forces play Hidden Object games , and make the opposition play it too . 
OMG -- a miracle has happened !!! Can you believe , with all the news about nuclear reactors , tea party poopers , Libya , Yemen , kids who speak to god , and all the rest of the news fit to line your birdcage with , I haven't heard even a peep out of anyone on that guy -- you know the one : ** whispering ** < PROPFIRST > . Wow . Winning !! 
I don't knkow why FB changed things , but you can no longer type paragraphs !!! If you hit the return key , it closes your post . It SUCKS !!! We need to air our complaints regarding this !! 
