< PROPFEMALE > New Year FBF ! 

Thank U for all the New Beginings .... 
OMG I so0oo0ooo0o LOVE < PROPFEMALE > MINAJ AND DRAKE !!! OMG YOUNG MONEY AND WEEZY IS TAKIN OVAAAA ! HOLLAAAA !!! THANKS TO Medina Kinetic FOR PUTTIN ME ON TO THEM AND Liah < PROPMALE > NEEDS TO HOP ON THE MOVEMENT REAL TALK !!! 
You know what I find funny like really HYSTERICAL ? wannabe BARRRBIES WHO FACEBOOK HACK U ! I mean it's really sad that You put Your TRUE feelings about the MUSIC YOU LIKE under MY name because you KNOW U should be ASHAMED ! ( NOT to put my siblings out there but < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and REFINED , need Musical REHAB ! ) nuff said 
Spending the first time in a LONNNG time chilllin with most of my sisters . Being goofy , watch random crap on t.v. , eating < PROPFIRST>'s bomb browie sundays , and Fb fighting while in the same room ! Ahh the good times ! Reminds me of the better times of my childhood . < PROPFEMALE>'s asleep and we're all up in the living room trying to be quiet but still making type noise . :-) 
Worked all night STILL WIDE AWAKE @ 2:20 in the afternoon !! WTF ! 
s to go before I sleep .. . . . . 
Do you know what is REALLY OFFENSIVE ? When your loving child stands dead in your face and cracks the LOUDEST MOST FUNKTASTIC POOT and then looks at you like it's YOUR FAULT before she has the nerve to break out laughing ! Insult to injury .. can't sleep and now smelling MUP innards ! 
Ever SO happy I got the night off - time for playing Wii with my bah-bays , watch some movies and PER-RAISE GOD-DAH I can catch some SLEEP ! That mystical magical beast that eludes me ....... Happy dance Happy Dance happy Dance 
Talking with friends about all the etremely silly and potencially life threating things we used to do as kids to simply amuse ourselves . Some of them were actually quite criminal ( the Friends School , borrowing bikes ) If ask to do any of theat dumb sh * now we would look at you like you crazy , and GOD HELP our Kids if they tried it !! I KNOW I ain't alone in this .. 
Wondering how much diffrent the World would be if everyone took a minute to MIND Their own business b4 trying to pass judgement on someone elses , especially if they don't understand the other individuals the circumstances ? What would THAT be like . So let tomarrow be a DO ME and YOU do YOU Moment . Now THAT would be revolutionary . 
Is learning the Hardest thing I ever had to do in life is Change my mind . 
I give Love to all those who don't begrudge me the right to be MYSELF . 
Down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better , what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else .... 93% of my friends will NOT copy this ... Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as you status and leave it for at least one hour . about a minute ago 
Is in L-O-V-E love .... With the most sweetest , caring , understanding person I have ever known ! Funny , sarcastic , smart and HOT DAMN is they fine ! I wanna wake up and see that beautiful smile every morning , take time to know them in every way . Oh yes I am in Love with some one who has always be there for me , cherished me , and cared for me when others have faded away ... OMG I love me some ME ;-) 
I breathed a song into the air , it fell to earth I know not where ... and the song , from beginning to end , I found again in the heart of a friend . - < PROPFIRST > Wadworth Longfellow 
Hmmmm ........ To Baaahhh or Not to Baaahhh should NEVER have become the question . People ask when are we going to have a strong leader to follow ? I ask what's wrong with being your own ? And while we're at it , can we also STOP blaming other people for what we allow ourselves to get into ? God gave all Beings Free Will not FREEDOM from Responsibility . Today's key phrase childrens .... OWN YO SH*T ! peace . 
LIFE Happens when you are busy trying to make plans . 
If today continues like it has started , I'ma need BAIL MONEY ! 
Thank the Creator for Good Friends and Wine Coolers ! I might not get to be where I want to be this wkend ( sorry , bumming HARD ) but I'ma still enjoy myself where I'm at regardless of other's selfish motives . For those of you collecting , keep that bail money handy , it ain't Monday yet ! ;o ) 
In each Loss ther is a gain .. in every Gain there is a loss .. and with each Ending comes a New beginning . - Shao < PROPFEMALE > What better way to keep things in prospective :o ) 
Decided to be neither Pot nor Kettle today ....... 
Woke up from a cat nap to tears and the feeling that my heart was breaking .... not sure what to make of that .... 
Hanging out dolo style wit my niece < PROPFEMALE > .... Almost completely forgot what it was like to have a little person around that is determined to get into everything .... She lucky she's cute ! LoL 
* Wondering why the best advice given always seems the Hardest for us to take ... * 
Why is it when ever you try to move forward , ther is always that one do nothing go nowhere hater trying to throw shade on yo sh** !! I'm off to the gym b4 I hurt somebody . good morning F.B Fam , @ Fresh- ... gurl you still got that bondsman on Speed dial ? it's one of THEM days .... 
¿Por qué la gente miente por el simple hecho de decir algo ? ¿Cansado de los necios y sus juegos tontos ! Si usted no quiere decir que no lo dicen ! 
Got some great news today , brought a cat that got the cream smile to my face . May 1st my ascent is empyrean ..... LMBAO .... ( aahhh the peaceful journey ) 
why do people kill people who kill people to show that Killing people is wrong ? 
Worked all night ... once again up all day ..... about to repeat the cycle later on ..... FRUSTRATION ! Can't wait for the kids to be done wit their chores ! Maybe a walk in the semi fresh air and Sun will make rest more obtainable ...... 
I'm not meaning to be offensive and if I do I sincerly apologize , but I have been wondering , isn't it a wee bit hypocritical for Catholic Preachers to be so vehimanatly against homosexuality , when the Church it in the middle of a world wide epidemic of alter boy piddling ? 
Just got the first run on my Reborn/Alpha&Omega . Shading in 3days !! VERY happy with the reults . :o ) 
Weirdest thing happened @ work last night .. One of my residents straight accused me and my friend of conspiring against him because I refuse to speak SPANISH to him ! MY MAN REALLY won't believe that I don't speak it fluently and I'm NOT hispanic !! I mean he REALLY got HEATED !!! ROFL no offence , but old people amuse me !! 
got the week end off , the kids are headed in town and of course My original plans change ( typical ) So It's me my little blk dress and F Him Girl Boots I'm Going O U T !! who's wit me . 
Tell me y ... Y did I & my Friend walk out of not 1 but THREE movies last night ! Ea more Laughable Horrid as the 1st ! The LOSERS- yeah -umm NO ! Kick ASS- Sux ASS & 4real Nightmare on Elm St- WOW ! WORST of all !! I was quite NICE ( spec . Slushie ) when I went in . It was SOOO booty I started SOBERING UP !!! I was tempted to ask for my $ back and WE SNEAKED IN ! ROFL never again peeps ... NEVER AGAIN ! 
God Bless my Kin ...... Comedy ..... All day ..... wow I miss them ....... sometimes !!!! 
Definately a Classic R&B kind of day ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > but the Sun is out ... homework is done . We are PARK bound . Thanking the Creator for my Heart and Soul . Warm Hugs and Besos three times a day , - the blessing of unconditional <3 . 
' Worry looks around , sorry looks back , Faith looks up . ' \ 
It's because of that statement I know and this too shall pass .... Saying a special prayer for a brother being done wrong . ... In my heart till you are home PAH \ 
Eternal .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Ericson needs prayers from FB \ 
friends ... Her daughter Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family need prayers today . \ 
Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you\ 
see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ... Please post \ 
this .. to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . \ 
Please ... and God bless you for doing it . ( How could any mom NOT \ 
repost this ? ) 
I love my daughter .. she's been trying to teach me to make blow up origami bunnies all afternoon . Even cut and colored her own custom paper for them . Now I have a herd of them in my livingroom ... priceless ...... 
BIG UPS for Mad speed goes to my first born seed ! Sadira brought her legs to the field today and closed the gap that cause her team to take the lead and win the All City Elementry School Relay !! YaY Go Baby !!! We are all so proud of YOU !!! ;o ) <3 <3 
to the Man that taught me regardles of WHAT Never give up , I'm only as good as the Effort I put forth to get it done- I love you Daddy Happy Father's Day . <3 
The Great Exodus has taking place ..... my babes are off to Boston for a few weeks of summer camp . Now it's time to get on the grind and find my \summer job\ " . ( Gotta have something to do with the day light hours !! ) " 
How great would it be if everyone who claims to be AGAINST war decided to just stop fighting ....... hmmm ......... How much of an oxymoron is it to FIGHT for PEACE- 
decided to spend time under the ac watching a few good movies on this blistering afternoon . top picks : The Core , The Knowing and 2012 .... lol ..... 
Praise The Creator for Prozac , Yoga , and the ability to KEEP FAITH !! ( SMH L @L ) \ 
Gotta keep in mind that right now is just 1 moment with many yet to be had , \ 
L8tr I'll look back & truly see the comedy in this melodrama . 
This wkend has been a true blessing and reminder of that L.O.V.E of FAMILY . As long as you remain tight then you'll be alright . R.I.P to my cousin < PROPFIRST > . b4 you can blink you loose a love you never knew you needed in your life but that hollow feeling reminds you of the loss . FBF if you got those you haven't talk to for a while , I advise you get in touch b4 it's too late . 
Make me a Channel of your Peace .... \ 
Where there is Hatred let me bring your Love .... \ 
Where there is Darkest let me shed your Light ..... \ 
Where there is Doubt let me bring FAITH in YOU ..... \ 
I AM BLESSED ... \ 
I give thanks to the All there is , All there Was and All there ever Will Be . \ 
For I have Life , Love , Friends and FAMILY . <3 
And this too shall Pass . \ 
FAITH must keep FAITH ........ \ 
In serious need of stress relief .. looks like I'm off to the gym . ;o ) \ 
GM FBF hop your day is beautiful . \ 
Peace 
So what if for let's say the next 24 hrs you decide for what EVER Nonsensical B.S. that go down \ You know what ..... For real Tho ...... this sh ** really ain't all THAT SERIOUS !. \ " and left that drama and all it's foolishness where it stood . To declare the nxt 24 hrs as \ " Keep Yo Dumb Sh ** Over There\ " Day ??? hhhhmmmm ......... " 
Negativity & Ugliness chokes us , strips our Souls like Locus ..... Open all eyes to refocus and you might find , You could've been Happy all this time ... Don't let insignificant Bullsh ** rule Ur day People . Live life and Love one another with no restrictions or conditions ... Let JOY of togetherness be enough . PEACE 
Some one gots a problem , don't worry cuz I solve em . Called me the PEACE KEEPER betta yet the GRIM REAPER , cuz whether or not you be offended come wit b.s and I'ma End it !!! lol ;o ) 
Woke up from a nap with the worst chest pain .... felt like my heart was breaking .... no matter how much I try to smile and Breath Easy , this feeling I can't be shaking ....... \ 
DAMN ........ not this b.s. again ..... ATTSP 
is finding pleasure in the little things like a good greek salad topped w/ tuna and tobuli and my new Lotus 3G phone ! :o ) 
Last real day of beautiful weather in < PROPFEMALE > for a while . About to go for late lunch and a ride with a friend on his bike ! I'm psyched !!!! Autumn leaves , all around is a kaleidoscope of color and life . Thank you Lord for this day ... I needed this . ;o ) 
Has an attitude of gratitude ! Today was a Good Day . Got more then a few breaths of fresh air . It was glorious ! Felt inspired . Seeing < PROPFEMALE > by Bike definately near the top of the Bucket List ! 
is not amused . Looks like I'll have to change my number after all . :o ( 
Say word !!!! Mos Def-initely going to be at the House of Blues in the Bean Come Sunday ! Holla @ me < PROPFIRST > if you d but make it quick ! . ;o ) 
is coming to understand how some events/people serve their purpose then it's time to let go & move on . DUECES ! ;o ) 
God bless my kitten , but if she doesn't stop trying to < PROPMALE > the cursor while I'm trying to type , I'm gonna ............ 
is really feeling Omarion right about now- this room iz BRICK ! \ 
~ I GOTTA ICEBOX WHERE MY BED USED TO BE A ICEBOX WHERE MY BED USED TO BE IT'S SO COOOLD ~ smao 8 mo months of this ..... damn :o / 
is proud to be a Pegues/Simmons . There arre very few things one can rely on in life , Family & Loved ones who never faulter 2 have Ur back is indeed a blessing . <3 Yall Dearly ( U know who U are ) 
WoW ! I ACTUALLY found a < PROPMALE > Songz song that could make my ipod !! 
Nails , brows , then into to the Bean ..... 71 degrees ... & I off 2nite ... Today is a good day ! :o ) 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Johansson for sending me Carmilla's Allure . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/vampire-wars-ggciha/home?url=&tv3=mKrRaGQbEeuUzCyDJD7Ahy6Bh0igbhKybaTV3%2BogiA%3D%3D 
Love is .........? 
is apathetic to the plight of the ignorant . It must be quite a trial to go through life repeating the same\ 
mistakes & never learn a damn thing ! 
Rally with President Barack Obama and Musical guest < PROPFIRST > Taylor\ 
\ 
Where : < PROPFIRST > B . Hynes Veterans Memorial Convention Center 900 Boylston StreetBoston , MA\ 
When : Saturday , October 16thDoors open : 12:00 p.m. 
I LOVE MY BABY SISTER < PROPFEMALE > Simmons !!! SHE'S THE BEST LITTLE SISTER EVER !!! MY OTHER SISTER < PROPFIRST > Simmons IS A DOODY HEAD !!! 
Feeling extra good right about now . Spent an extra lazy week end at my parents with my kids and my sisters . Back to the grind later tonight ...... 
However you choose to call on the Creator , may They < PROPMALE > you the knowledge of each Blessing today . Life is BEAUTIFUL . The b.s. and drama are only there to keep it interesting . \ 
1 <3 
Handle life w/ acceptance , GRATITUDE , self control , hard work , & persistence . Make efforts to FOCUS on the positive in situations . VALUE the positive in yourself & that OTHERS ADD to your life . LEARN from your mistakes . APPLY to the future knowledge , strength , & inspiration . Explore possibilties . Run w/ opportunities . Today's a NEW DAY ! WE can , will , & are ...! -inspiration sent to me had to share w/yall\ 
I really have to learn to be more discriminating in my music selections !!! lol .... 
is amazed how often people believe they are a better judge of your emotional state then you are for your self ! 
While\ 
you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\ 
in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man \ 
flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you \ 
HURTyour woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . \ 
While ... you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing ... her smile . \ 
Post this on your wall if you're AGAINST Domestic Violence . 
Who is really being lied to when you say words your actions contradict ? 
is wondering what ever happened to the < PROPMALE > of kissing ? The act of meeting melding , the sweetness in the caress . Enjoying the exchange of energy & intimacy . A proper kiss should leave you weak , wanting & ready for more , not thinking \I could've had a V8 \"!" 
is wondering why oh why is it SNOWING outside right now !!!! I mean REALLY THOUGH ! ALREADY ! I'm in for a looonngg winter ! stbm ... :o ( 
Remember that exterior conditions cannot create interior conditions . Ever . You are in charge of your own experience- ( NDW)\ 
Perfect thing to keep in mind on a Chilly Monday Morning ... 
Been home from work for 3hrs now with the heat on high ... still can't feel my toes ! NOT COOL . ( actually it's b-flipping brick ! ) I can fully appreciate why birds have the good sense to migrate ! 
What we are is not just about what we were , what we want , what we have become , or what we will ever be . It is also about all the little things that lie in between . I make it mine , and take the time to be grateful for it all Thank you Creator , Universe , Self . I am they , and they are me , and we are All of it . 
is in serious need of a new distraction ...... 
is kinda glad I \woke up\ " today ........ :o ) " 
is standing in the midst of a crowded room feeling quite berieved of company ..... such is life . 
Grey skies are gonna clear up .. put on a happy face ! Spread SUNSHINE all over the place when you put on a Happy Face !! Let's all smile and be cheerful for no reason today . Then observe what happens ..... 
Grey skies r gonna clear up .. put on a happy face- Spread SUNSHINE all over the place when you put on a Happy Face ! Let's smile and be cheerful 4 no reason . 2day Then observe what happens ..... 
Foolish mortals be playing games like my name is PS3 . Betta catcha clue open up them two and see me b4 I < PROPFEMALE > one for ya , to think I used to adore yah , but not mo no Sun . Today You woke up and found out u just lost one . 
While you are so busy you are kissed by grace , but you are not thankful for it because it strips you bare , and all your intentions fall away , leaving you as this indescribable ' here now ' quality-less presence . This is the state of the Unborn . \ 
-Satsang with Mooji . \ 
Now I breath easy and leave all trivial nonsense alone , til it pleases me to react again . ;o ) 
We are all Greater then we suppose ourselves to be . We are ALL apart of something More Fantastic then we could ever hope to realize . Everyday I AM GRATEFUL , but today I celebrate it with you all Universally . \ 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING fam , friends , and those I've yet to meet . \ 
Life proceeds out of your intentions for it . When you are aware of this , you can live your life deliberately . The things you think , you think deliberately . The things you say , you say deliberately . The things you do , you do deliberately . N . < PROPFIRST > Walsch . \ 
-Making the most out of my intentions for 2day . ;o ) 
Today is a good day , and last night was just right ! ;o ) 
Big shout out to all the TWINKIE PEOPLE who were kind enough to bust some soap today . Good Looking , cuz dispite popular belief We all DON'T need the Funk ! 
This is supose to be my moment . What the good of being no . 1 if I'm the only one that knows it . - J . C Right now that's good enough 4 me , if ya'll can't see what I can see . - T.P. 
3rd eye started screamin ' , picture perfect be the beamin ' -cause the ear start to inchin ' tunin on lies haters lips are brewin ' 
No matter how often I do it , it Always hurts to say so long ...... I miss them already .... ( ATTSP ) :o ( 
It is literally 9 degrees outside right now ! Can I cry !!! heart goes out to the people in Methuen . Whole town has no power , @ least my job has heat !! 
Ever notice how hard U have to work at Hate , yet how natuaral it feels to Love ...? 
Got the night off from work looking to get into something ......... 
I'm wondering if I should be concerned that my 9yr daughter keeps replaying ' Cellblock Tango ' from Chicago :o / ... 
Is going to sit back and enjoy the promise of today , and let tomarrow be tomarrow . :o ) 
Maybe play like < PROPMALE > Sulley and try to cure my insanity . Vanity and fear causing frustation and doubt to see , that can it be as simple as it was way back when- we've walked this Earth strong from the birth of where it all begin ..... 
For someone who doesn't \like\ " Drake I have more then a few of his songs on my Ipod .. pure sign of social conditioning .... smh lol " 
Definate trip to the gym after work . In serious need of the kind of stress release only a good work out can give ! 
The Other Guys = Dumb Funny !!! This movie has got issues ! lol 
Reflecting on the happenings of this year .... realized I'm grateful for every moment . Regardless of whatever me and mines made it through . -Say Word ! Good look y'all what next year got on us ?? 
I am firmly of the opion that simple people must refrain from complex activity while driving including breathing since that seems to throw off their sense of directioon ! smh 
Why waste words when others choose not to listen ? No more fishing for answers or fairweather friends . Today I got a good look on who I can depend . They may never read this but for them I am still grateful . 
I know a few heads who'd be waking up to coal in the morning if I had my way ..... smh And this day 2 shall pass ........ 
my Christmas wish is for all who view this to find contentment in their days to come . Peace be ur day . :o ) 
There are not too many things that can top the delicious-ness of mom's Banana Pudding @ 7 o'clock in the morning .... gotta love the day AFTA Christmas . :o ) 
2 ft of snow so far in Fitchburg = another cozy night in Cambridge ! ;o ) 
Thank U God for my best friend Alresa Gonzalez . Heaven knows I don't deserve her ! Ride til the day that is the day I am no more 1 ? PB . 
This year I've been through some things . Alot of them I probably could've avoided if I paid attention , but if it all had to go down to get me here then it's All GOOD . Dueces 2010 it's been real . 2mrw is a new day & Year ! ;o ) 
Resounding .... \ 
A WOMANS TEARS :\ 
Be very careful when you make a Woman cry , Cuz God counts all her tears . For Woman came out of a man's rib . Not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal . Under his arm to be protected , next to his heart to be loved . <3 
So ..... the 3,000 blk birds that fell out the sky on New Years < PROPFEMALE > in Arkansas , all suffered from internal injury prior to the incedent from flying too low ..... yeah ok !? Movie selection for 2mrw : 7th Sign & Andromada Strain ! lol 
“The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today . ” - < PROPMALE > Brown 
\Knowledge & action combined can win over any adversity known to man\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins " 
My car is out of commission !!! I could cry now . Can't wait for 2nd Christmas so I can get my precious back on her feet . 
Experience and good judgement come when you've learned from previous poor decisions you've made . 
When caring for someone leaves a person feeling foolish , it's time to let go . Remember time shared & if they were worth it be there from a distance . 
Is it wrong to plan a wedding to Yourself , so you can have that dress and ring of your dreams drama free ? I do adore me . So Y not ? 
STEELERS !!!!! Now that's a Game ! 
Just putting it out there for the Simmons clan umm too much talent out there ya'll what's good wit a family concert @ the reunion 2012 ?? 
Sad Fugee right now . :o ( Dang that game hurt . 1nce again MOTHER U pick right ! Now can you pick some winning lotto # like U be predicting these games !!! 
had a HUGE set back , but on the fast track to recovery . I WILL NOT LOOSE DAMMIT :o ) 
Watching a thro back ... Indiana Jones & the < PROPFEMALE > of Doom ! This movie was my Jump ! Still can't get pass the bugs tho ! lol 
So the officials play for The Jets now huh ? incomplete pass my ....... 
Is it truly triflin to FB & web search from ur phone when ur computer is but so far away ? :o / 
Best way to bring on the itest : short stack , cheesie eggs and turkey sausage . I'm GOOD ! GM to those starting Ur day , this night owl's out fo th count ! ;o ) 
Sitting on an inbound commuter rail train distinctly feeling the air conditioning system ... I guess the MBTA missed that memo saying the 3ft of snow on the tracks means it's THE DEAD OF WINTER !!! smh-fmao 
Made hot deliousness for breakfast buttermilk pancakes ( w/real buttermilk ) loaded scrambled eggs , and turkey sasauge . YUM Right ? but my stomach decides to flip @ the smell the sec it's done ! Kids were real synpathetic as they devided up my plate and tore down . smh 
Miss having someone I could just talk to with out them picking apart my every word , phrase , or tone of voice ....... Sometimes I wish I could clone myself male ! lol 
You can always tell who's truly there for you by how they stand by U even during the most \inconvient\ " of times . Those are the people U protect treasure and adore always . True oved ones \ " Keep it Real\ " whether U care to hear it or not . <3 ya'll . " 
Feeling like a house of cards stuck in a < PROPFIRST > force wind . Steady trying to regain my balance figuring from which end to begin again . As with all things AtTsP . 
Happy 10yrs of life to my one and only Sadira Imajyn Bethea . Everything I ever went through was worth it cuz it brought me U . <3 U4eternity 
My back is broke ! Too many nghts on in a row ! HD if I ain't back on 2nte . Smh I'm getting too old for this sh ** . :o / 
WoW ! I feel <3 . Thank U everyone for the warm Birthday wishes . Now that I'm out of work , I'm off to bed . ;o ) 
I have to say , \ 
Today was a Good Day . Thanks again for the wishes everyone , you all made it that much more special . <3 
Never take serious anyone who chooses not to deal with situations realistically . 
I am in serious need of a nice hot soak , and a good back massage . Since neither is handy , Advil it is .... 
To all people over 5'6\ here's a :: HuG :: for you . Now make a happy face and Have a great day . ;o ) " 
Why is my kitten seriously on a mission to get at my Twizzlers !! By any means necessary she wants in the bag ! Lol 
Playing Dominoes w/my little ones getting it handed to me . Man they lucky we're blood ! lol smh 
I need a hobbie ...... 
Getting my grown woman on at Vegas outside of Fitchburg . < PROPFEMALE>'s Groove is officially back ! ;o ) 
So at what age do people Stop playing at wearing Big Girl pants and actually GROW THE HELL UP ?!? 
\Strength ... to allow total weakness to happen without panic 
\I close my eyes and made it so .. \ " 4get the Force .. Beam me up < PROPFIRST > ! Using the power of ' The Sheen ' to get me through work 2nte ! lol Can't hate on a man who publicly tells everyone to mind theirs ! " 
is Participating in tomarrow's ' Day of Peace ' . 
Saturday night . Hanging tough watching movies and making tacos with the luvs of my life . Happiness is being where ever my kids are . Love being a mom . 
Negative thoughts are like unwanted stray animals ..... the more you feed into them the more they come back . 
Ever notice how our restrictive perception of the times in which we live block us from appreciating the greatness which we have achieved ? 
b2b hectic nights at work = strong need for a shot of < PROPFEMALE > , a hot soak and a good massage !! Calgon !!!! 
Miso Soup shrimp wonton and veggie roll sounds like a plan . Yum ! ;o ) 
Money might not be the key to happines , but damn can a Mutha f ** BREATH ! Smh . It WILL get better . 
<3 U(s ) . 
Hi Life : yah how ' bout we take this stomach flu and put a tack in it 4 later ? I got things to take care of .. thx 
62 degrees on Thursday , snowing on Monday ..... Really ,..... really though ?!? 
Just wondering how half the people at fault for current GLOBAL economic instability are now being paid to educate pple on Economics & work on Gov Financial Regulation Boards ? - < PROPFIRST > Orwell is the New < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Good gravy I need an intervention !! This woman in front of me is dressed to the 9's but got this big flake of lord knows in her wig ! I'm ichin ' to pluck at it !!! lol smh .... 
Is it Wrong of me to consider a restraining order against my 8 yr old ?? Real Talk the \orbiting\ " around me is a BIT MUCH !!! smh " 
