nervous . DR . appt today .. 

at home chillin talking to the bestie .. 
im freaking hot ... 
OH REALLY ?! 
Chocolate Strawberries ? 
i LOVE the FML'S . thanks < PROPFIRST > 
ESLIE : \That girl's legs like cheese in the shade ! \ " ME :\ " Kudos to you my friend ... \"" 
ESLIE : \That girl's legs look like cheese in the shade ! \ " ME :\ " Kudos to you my friend ... \"" 
When you get into your car and you're feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > . what you goin ' do ? GHOST RIDE IT ! 
HAHA Black Taco ! :) 
Sunday ... eh that means school tomorrow . :/ 
Cooking breakfast even though it's lunch time .. :) 
I can never win . Talking to him is like pulling teeth sometimes ... haha Oo well 
I've concluded that genius is as common as dirt . We supperss our genius only because we haven't yet figured out how to manage a population of educated men and women . The solution , i think , is simple and glorious ... Let them manage themselves . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN (: 
It's already tuesday ... this week is just flying past me 
Fuhh ... Lucky you (: 
I am the only elaura in the WORLD ! 
Shall we dance ? 
How am i supposed to meet your impossible needs ? This wasn't what you said it would be when i got there 
I lovee the rain ! ( : 
Today was a good day ... i think ... looking foward to some fun tonight ... ( :( : 
H O M E W O R K ... 
So i guess today was mine & < PROPFIRST>'s day (: so i pretty much lovee her !! 
What do you hate about the education system ?? 
The me without you is not the good one ... 
We are the Broken Generation ... 
Presentation today ! Dressed for success (: 
I'm fighting my way back to you . 
Looks like someone fucked you up with a coffee pot ! LMAO ! 
Had a great day (: 
I can't go back . I'm in too deep ... 
If you eat a Snickers bar where does your hunger go ?? 
So ... i like how < PROPFEMALE > broke her fork on her hard weeiner at the family Christmas party !! hahaha 
It's true popa < PROPMALE > i AM an angel (: 
Okay i almost got this music thing figured out ! Yess ... 
I trust everyone . It's the devil inside them i don't trust . 
I hate all of you wonderful people on this magnificent & glorious day (: 
And I want you now I want you now . I'll feel my heart implode , and I'm breaking out escaping now , feeling my faith erode . 
He say \One and one and one is three\ " Got to be good looking ' cause he's so hard to see (: " 
I'm so sad ... life is too short for this s *** ... 
I wanted freedom ; bound and restricted , I tried to give you up but I'm addicted . Now that you know I'm trapped ; Sense of elation , You'd never dream of breaking this fixation 
YAY !!! Eslie is finally home ! Glad he made it back ... safely ... lol 
Finally home (: I think a hot shower will do me good . Then off to bed . Gotta get up early for work tomorrow :/ 
Pink 
Side by Side (: 
From behind 
HA ! I'm the ONLY thing big enough to fill the void that's inside of you ... 
Just when i thought i was done , i realized i wasn't quite finished :/ 
Ah what i'd give to know where the time goes ... 
Guess i'm going to watch \Get Off The Couch\ " D4D Online show (: " 
Now I'm numb as hell and I can't feel a thing but don't worry about regret or guilt cause I never knew your name . I just want to thank you ... ... Thank you 
Ready to start my FOUR day weekend (: hehe Suckas !! 
Ready to get the fk outta town (: 
I danced with a birdbath in my car because that's how i roll 
Why am i up so early ? Okay well not really (: 
Waiting for Jordy to come over so i have an excuse to watch kid movies all day (: 
< PROPFIRST>'s gone , My time as a child is through ... Time to grow up and stop watching cartoon movies :/ 
Good Morning everyone !!! i feel bad , so i am going shopping today ... 
I watched that movie Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs , Funniest thing i have ever seen !!!! 
Hmm ... This is amazing . I think i miss my < PROPMALE > ... WOW ! That's pretty lame of me . 
I saw your intentions , i gave you permission . Go ahead and start the war ! 
I was betrayed , how can you say that you feel sorry inside It's devastating , losing close friends . I've gone away , you make me stay but I can't deal with the lies I've gone insane , losing close friends 
It's official ... Working in the rain is the WORST !!! 
iChat ? Lets do it !! 
And so my day begins ... 
So i made the mistake of asking the question \What's the worst that could happen ? \ " Well i got my answer :/ " 
Thinking about playing softball again ... hmmm .... : ? 
Umm i hate it when i see people riding their bikes while they have their dog runing along side of them . My thing is , if you're going to take your dog out for a walk then WALK them ! Lazy people these days ... 
Today was such a long day ! Glad it's over (: Gonna do a little HW Then get ready to go out on the run again ... 
So today was a good day (: Ready for round two !! Well sorta . Night FB family 
So ... i am in love guys . 
Fuuck ... I totally forgot about that damn exploratory piece for english .... UGH :/ 
What a lovely day outside (: Couldn't feel any better than i do right now ... 
Why does the world insist on pissing me off ? Why me ? Assholes .... 
I love coming in to work to hear the wonderful sounds of oldies coming out of those speakers (: MEGA 97.9 is my pick me up . Gotta go get my fix ! haha . Have a great day FB family . 
Thank you State for having a Starbucks on campus . God knows i needed it today :/ 
Dinner was a success ! Tortelline with a tomato < PROPMALE > marinara . Yummy (: 
Never attempt to have a serious talk via text message . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Haha what a night , dinner , iMac pics and now rock band ... YESS (: Pics up soon .... 
SUPER BOWL !!! Who will it be ?? 
My poor baby Manning :( 
I hate it when i'm supposed to be mad at someone but then when i talk to that someone i forget why i was mad in the first place , but then i see something that reminds me why i was mad to begin with and now i'm mad at you all over again . So frustrating :( 
It sucks being at work when your co-worker gets a \special\ " delivery ... I am playing this game all wrong :/ " 
To tell you the truth , i really don't care anymore . 
Communism Vs . Marriage . Communism = Marriage ? Vice Versa ? Maybe ... 
< PROPFIRST > Castro : Can everyone see what i am saying ? Me : Well duhh , you are writing on your wall . < PROPFIRST > Castro : Noooo . I say some things that are not meant for other people to see Me : Oh like your relationship status that says \in an open relationship ? \ " < PROPFIRST > Castro : Well i can make that say anything like i could make it say ima < PROPMALE > daddy P.I.M.P ! Bahahahahahahahahah !!!! " 
Had a great run this morning with Diondra < PROPFEMALE > Castro (: 
So ... tell me what hurts more ; Thinking you should hate him , or , Knowing you don't ?? 
I think old people should be allowed to drive their age . If you're eighty then drive 80 . Might as well have some fun (: 
I am in dire need of a Red Bull ... Dear self , I promise you i will never procrastinate & cheat you out of your well deserved sleep & hearts ; -elaura 
What a day . Went to work , then to class . Tackled my \To Do\ " list as well as some tasks off of others ' & i still had time to run today . Did this all off of 4 hours of sleep and two red bulls . I'm sure you can guess what's next (: " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Oxford makes me LOL ! Lesson learned ... hahaha 
i am < PROPFEMALE > happy for my cousin < PROPFIRST > Castro & his wifey < PROPFEMALE > Castro (: i am EXCITED ! lol 
Interview for Dog Days New Student Orientation today at noon ... Wish me luck (: 
i think it's hilarious that Celene Delgado and i have the same chones (: LOL i guess that's what happens when you shop together ... Haha 
I really don't want to go out in the rain ... who the eff invited the rain !!! 
I'm not going to let this weather stop me ! I'm going for my usual run , then homeowrk :/ 
Oh wow i haven't been this angry in a long time ... What a bunch of punk ass bitches ! So it's time to beat them to the punch ... ya feel me ? 
UGH i am such a procrastinator ! I think i need to go to rehab or someting ... < PROPFEMALE > Rolin : If they had rehab for procrastination it would always be full because so many people procrastinate , Or it would always be empty because people kept putting off going . Ah < PROPFEMALE > how i adore you (: 
If it were up to me , Things would be different . A lot different . 
I am so ready for a nap . * sigh * 
Glitter is the herpes of arts and crafts ... it stays on you FOREVER !!! UGH 
Hella got down to business today . First class , then Homework , then cleaned my ENTIRE apartment & it's only one o'clock in the afternoon ... Damn i AM amazing (: 
Whadda I got to do to wake ya up ? To shake ya up , to break the structure up ? 
Yay ! My short day today ... I'll be home by 12 noon ((: 
Unexpected money is the best kinda money ((: 
I swear why do i even bother with college ?? All these lame professors do is cancel class ... I'm going to start follwing them around during MY class time just to see what they're really up to . I'm not paying you to take days off !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Murillo betta watch his back today ... i will WHOOP ! lol 
It's going to be a long sleepless weekend for me :/ 
Insomnia ? Nope .. i'm just a college student :/ 
Oh that bitch !? Yeah i know her ... She's the one with < PROPMALE > holes in her panties right ? 
It's quite simple actually ... The difference is that i KNOW the power of a question ... 
I miss by leadership < PROPMALE > Vinni Hoke :/ Text me you fool ! We needa catch up (: 
Stop talk , talk , talking that blah blah blah (: 
Making dinner for the girls tonight (: Yay girls night ... haha I & hearts ; < PROPFEMALE > Rubio & < PROPFEMALE > Toledo 
Who do you think you are ? I swear it's people like YOU that make me hate this world along with eveyone in it ! Eff you and your punk ass hores you rode in on . K thanks (: 
What's the sense in me having cake if i can't eat it ? 
Why can't you just be real with me ? 
as i ran up to sew up this gaping hole it swells up burst at the seams with my < PROPFEMALE > ... i love it ! 
Don't stop , Jump , Kick up the dust ... 
You can't always be the nice guy in this battle ... Haven't you heard nice guys finish last ? 
Seriously ? i strongly dislike you and everything you stand for . Everything you represent is a joke . You do nothing , have nothing & are nothing . 
Dangg ! Work at 6:45 !? On a Saturday at that !? I miss my bed :/ We need to work on our relationship fasho . 
Homegrown ? I'm down ... 
There comes a time when you have to stand up and shout : This is me damn it ! I look the way I look , think the way I think , feel the way I feel & love the way I love . I am a whole complex package . Take me or leave me . Accept me - or walk away . Just because I don't fit your idea of who I should be , don't try to change me to fit your mold . If I need to change , I alone will make that decision (: 
Whos Birthday is it today ?? < PROPFEMALE > Galvan thats who !!! Happy Birthday Mantha , i & hearts ; you (: 
So you ask what the music of my soul is ... the answer is simply magical . < PROPFEMALE > is the only man who knows the way to my heart (: 
Tonight's the big night . Down Word CD release party @ The Starline is the place to be ! Hope to see you ALL there (: 
Easter ? Dang ... i guess it's time to go find the colorful eggs that jesus hid from us ! Wait a second ... that doesn't sound right , Colorful eggs ?? Hmm ... Can someone explain this concept to me ? 
Well today didn't go as planned :/ On the brightside , my Giants are spanking the Astros right now . Always brings a smile to my face (: 
What a great way to start the season . Gotta love them Giants ! 
Can you save me from this world of mine before i get myself arrested with this expectation ? Everyone seems to be getting what they need , where's mine ? 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do . Explore . Dream . Discover . 
I love it when my < PROPFIRST > comes over ! Time to bust out all my kid movies and enjoy them while i can (: I <3 my Jordy 
Finally home from work , hopefully my day will get better . 
I really need to reevaluate some of the relationships in my life . 
Oh damn ! I'm surrounded by pregnant people ! I'm beginning to believe that shit is contagious ... Not cool 
Giants <3 
Dude , this rain is ridiculous . Looks like i'm going to be posted up in the Madden for a while . Damn this strom , i can't handle this on my own . As if things couldn't get worse ... 
What is defeat ? Nothing but education ; nothing but the first step to something better . 
Pay Day <3 
Gonna grub it up tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > Larios , Eslie Gutierrez & my Beast < PROPFIRST > Murillo . Vintage Days food , here we come ! Great idea ?? I think so (: 
It's official , I am changing my < PROPMALE > . Staying with the department just a different area of study . I'm liking where this is going (: 
I <3 My new Jesus Sandals ... haha 
Oh my goodness , 7 < PROPFEMALE > lab !? Not enjoying this nor am i enjoying this weather ... I just want to go home and lay in bed . Posted (: 
It's days like these that make me wish i had windshield wipers on my glasses :/ 
Today is going to be a great day . Math test ? Got this in the bag yo ! 
Dropped my phone today ... got a new one , so can anyone guess what I have now ? lol (: 
what to do this fine saturday afternoon ? 
I'm going to shake things up a bit this week . I hope you're ready for this ... 
Got up this morning as if I were going to work ... too bad I don't work on Tuesdays . Damn I'm late for my bio lab :/ 
Give it to my baby , give it to me . Give me that stuff , that funk , that sweet , that funky stuff ! I <3 my oldies (: 
WTF !? If you're still rockin ' the rolly shoes , maybe you're too young to have a cell phone or is it just me . 
UGH work is pretty lame . Where in my job description does it read \stand on corner with a sign telling reps where to go for WACAC conference \"?" 
Amazing weekend ? Indeed it was (: 
One final down , four more to go ! Damn :/ I am sooo ready for this semester to be over . 
100 elementary students !? Why me ? Perfect ... 
Dear respected members of facebook , thank you for posting all your life's drama on your wall and giving ME something to laugh at . Your kindness is greatly appreciated . <3 elaura (: 
Happy 8th Birthday Cristian !! I <3 you (: 
You can't always do right , but you can always do what's left . 
The way i see it , if i can get through this week and TWO days next week , i will reward myself with a trip to SF . Done and Done (: 
Seriously on the verge of tears . eff CSU Fresno , eff the Quadratic formula , eff my 20 < PROPFEMALE > final portfolio that's due tomorrow . eff school , now there's something for YOU to laugh at , because I sure am . 
Oh beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , land of the free , raped & wasted youth . If I had just 1 wish that I could give to you , I'd ask for you to serve me as your finest dish . A fish to fillet , take my bones & exploit my brain . 
Some say I'm stubborn & I won't grow up but I think you're all just used to having that ass tore up . You're part of the disease in a government corrupt , toxic waste corporate sleaze destroying everything you touch 
UGH , How can it be possible for me to miss you already ? 
Had a great day (: I was just missing one thing , with that it would have been an amazing day . 
So I'm being seduced by my bed . It's sitting there all sexy like with lust in its pillows , just begging me to slip deep inside of it (: 
After today , I'm DONE . Two finals stand between me & my summer vacay . Time to own this shizz , wish me luck ! 
I just wasted a good 2 hours playing Rock Band with Diondra < PROPFEMALE > Castro . I bet our neighbors are PISSED ! Now i feel complete (: 
I swear , it's like you have me wrapped around your little finger ... 
Mmm ... Pizza Rolls (: 
Everyone is at war with different things for different reasons . Myself ? I'm at war with my heart ... 
It's the thrill of the hunt that keeps me coming back for more , nobody gets out alive . Let the games begin (: 
' Babe ' accepted vernacular ? NOPE , I am NOT a pig , I have a name ... So USE IT ! 
Is happy & lovin ' it :D 
Double your money , make it stack . Then its on to the next one <3 
Just when I thought today was going to be a good day , the unthinkable happens ... my glasses are broken and after work I need to get them fixed :/ 
I wish there was a \hit you in the face\ " button for everytime you \ " poke\ " me " 
What a way to start my day ! In absolute CHAOS !!! Let's see if today will be just as ' eventful ' as yesterday ... Hmmm 
Had a great day BBQ'ing with the buddies , now we're all relaxing by the pool (: Round two tomorrow ? Who is down ?? 
Guitarists get to have solos , why can't I ? 
Oh no , what's this ? A spiderweb and I'm caught in the middle . So I turned to run and thought of all the stupid things I'd done . 
I prefer clever people . There's a joy in beholding mind bearing thoughts quickly transmitted into words or ideas expressed in new ways . Verbal fireworks entertain me , which is why I can't seem to get enough of you (: 
Cristiano Ronaldo is THEE sexiest man alive ... period (: 
:( 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > , way to screw that one up for yourself ... Good bad job :/ I'm sooo done with this . 
My greatest hope is to laugh as much as i cry ; to get my life's work complete and to love somebody as well as have the courage to accept their love in return -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou <3 
Casa Corona is NOT the business . Now I'm bummed :/ I should have took a nap before lol 
So ... could you please help me understand why you've given into all these reckless dark desires . You're lying to yourself again . 
Liquid band aid is the DEVIL !!!! 
Sabes que , if you don't like it don't look at it . I should have junk punched that fool in his man business !! 
Friday night sissy fights , tonights main contenders ; Rubio v . Toledo ... It's goin ' down !!!! 
Giants got all the way to the top of the 15th inning and they bitched out !!!!!! UGH .... today sucks :/ 
I love how after I spend time with him I come home and bring his scent with me <3 (: 
Life is too short to waste in fear , anger and self pity . As heavy truths remain unheard , you will be greatly missed and never forgotten . Rest In Peace < PROPFEMALE > Peterson <3 
< PROPFIRST > Kozlowski just blew my mind ... i have a whole new outlook on life ... 
Break up already , wake up now . Walk away , take it all back now . 
COME ON PEOPLE !!! LET'S GET THIS DONE . GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ( for lack of a better word ) ASS !!! 
Hard at work ? More like hardly working . Gotta love Fridays !! Tell me about your day , hope it all goes well (: 
I have to admit , Batman is my favorite <3 
Introduce a little anarchy . Upset the established order and everything becomes chaos . I'm an agent of chaos . <3 
Hiding from my boss in the Jensen library was the best idea I've had all day ! Gotta love Fridays (: 
Good times (: thanks to him <3 
Dinner with schmucks or Salt ? What do you think facebookers ? 
Old cartoon night ? I think yes (: The rest of my night will consist of Rocko's Modern Life , Angry Beavers & Street Sharks <3 
One more day , looking foward to more days like today (: Thanks hun ;) 
Today's the BIG day :D Let'ss do thiiss !! 
Just about settled in to the new place , BIG THANKS to those who helped me move today . I <3 you guys (: 
Hangin ' by the pool with the roomies , doing homework . Can this get any better ? <3 
And in a split second everything I have ever worked for is gone . Simply gone ... 
The Waterboy <3 Yesss (: 
Parking at state ? Not going to happen . Fuck compact cars and assfuck MALE drivers & bitch whores . Today sucks :/ 
\How many times must you prove you're an angel ? How many more demons do you have to strangle ? How much longer must you remain in this dream before I finally figure out if you're insane or a genius ? \"" 
He who makes a beast out of himself , gets rid of the pain of being a man . A7X <3 
The weather is nice , going to take advantage ... Going for a run , gonna rock my boots today (: AND I'm going to write one colorful ass letter !!! Great day in the making . 
This day sucks :/ Maybe my day will get better with a little luck ;) 
Because I could not stop for death , he kindly stopped for me 
' Ay nigga , yo spinnas Aint spinnin ' 
Dayum , you are doing wayy too much . Calm down and check yourself homeguurl . K thankss (: 
”Well if sex is a weapon then SMASH BOOM POW ... How you like me now ? You can't do right but you can always do what's left\ " , 201 0-0 9-07 05:57:53 " 
Woooow , You're HELLA shady . I pray this all comes back on you . Have a nice life trick . 
Just found out that < PROPFIRST > Murillo has the Bieber Fever ! <3 it (: 
School days are the unhappiest in the whole span of human existence . They are full of dull , unintelligible tasks , new and unpleasant ordinances with brutal violations of common sense and common decency . 
iChating with Diondra < PROPFEMALE > Castro (: 
Do you know what today is ? It's my anniversary (: 
SF 10 to weak ass LA's 2 ? That's an ass whoop ! Now I'm happy (: Giants baby <3 
HUMM-BABY . Let's do thiis . Lincecum all day <3 
There goes my baby , so tonight I'm going to dance like it's the last night of my life (: 
Hellooo sun (: 
Deuces Fresno , see you in three Wednesdays ... eh hem I mean two weeks ;) 
Dear Disneyland , everything here is so pretty thanks to your magical Disney dollars ... Could you do me a solid and spread your love to not so magical Fresno ? We could use a miracle right about now . 
Magical Disney fireworks .! (: 
Now I know I'm small and won't be able to take on a fatty , but I might propose that homegurl eat me so I can rip her up from the inside ... Ah the conversations we have . Gotta love family (: 
My one night home and I'm completely alone ? WTF ... :/ 
is on to the next one . I swear leaving you is the hardest thing for me :/ 
is seriously going to lose her shit , like a shit collector with amnesia . 
I'm going to drink this 5 hour energy right here then < PROPMALE > it with a red bull so I can enjoy me a rockstar later ;) 
is home eating her Booty Booty roll watching Blind Side , all I'm missing is < PROPMALE > ; hurry up and co < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
GIANTS ! With this win we clenched the division title ! Hellooo postseason (: 
Daaane Cook , you make me laugh and for that I thank you (: 
Dear guy with the over sensitive car alarm parked right outside my window , if I have to listen to your car go off EVERYTIME another car drives by ( which is a lot ) I'm going to walk down 4 flights of stairs and bust those pretty little windows out and give your alarm a reason to go off . <3 elaura 
HUMM-BABY ... freaKKKKKKKKKKKKKK is spelled with 14 Ks . Lincecum all day <3 
Okay elaura , let's get it together ... be smarter than your < PROPMALE > ... uggh I quit . I'm turning you off . 
is happy (: 
' Some people fall in love and touch the sky , some people fall in love and find quicksand . I hover somewhere in between I swear , I can't make up my mind . ' <3 Incubus (: 
Giants advance to the NLCS ! Let'ss do thiiiss . Orange October <3 
' Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage . ' 
If you bleed silver & black , well ... there is probably something wrong with you . Just saying ;) 
You're such an inspiration for the ways I will never ever choose to be . 
Two Cities marathon in TWO short weeks ... I completely forgot . Well let's get down to business . Damn you < PROPFEMALE > Martinez Gonzales !! 
Come on first pitch !! I wanna see my freak Timmy (: Gooo Giiants !! HUMM-BABY <3 
They pour lead into flesh as if blood can baptize these ' barbarians ' and make them men . To them it's not police brutality but more like ... ' sanitation ' ... 
GIANTS !!!!!!!!!!!! I haven't been this excited in a looong time . helloooooooo world series . HUMM-BABY <3 
What's all the hype over tumblr ?? One day my curiosity is going to kill me :/ I blame < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Chavez lol :P 
does not like how today is going :/ I think i should microwave some ants with < PROPMALE > Foglio ;) 
I build crowds , guaranteed . What do you do that's guaranteed ? 
Let's get freaaaky ;) 
Hoooome Ruuuuun Uriiiiiiiibeeeeee !!!!!!! Giiiiiants want iiiiit ! 
< PROPMALE > Lincecum with the W !!!!! <3 him . 
With the rain still pounding on my window , I think it's time I start my day ... 
Animal Planet makes me so damn sad , I really need to cancel this channel or just go against everything HE says and adopt a kitten (: 
Congratulations ! to Down Word for making Fresno Magazine's Best of Fresno list (: 
Reunited and it feels sooo good , reunited cause we understood ! < PROPFEMALE > Keldsen-Barrantes ;) 
' s legs feel like jello :/ 
cream of wheat warms my soul on this cold November night (: 
really wants some chocolate covered strawberries from the < PROPMALE > Mountain Chocolate Factory :| 
Kung-Fu Panda ? I think yes (: 
If ignorance is bliss , shouldn't the lovely people of Fresno be a < PROPMALE > bit more blissful ? 
Miami Canes football !! The U (: 
Is cooking her very first ham tonight (: 
Going to get things DONE today , like Biz Markie ... Automagically ;) 
Hello Facebook , It's been a while . I forgot how to navigate you ;) 
Go Shaaarks ! 
Playing football in the rain is not the business , ima do it anyway ;) 
There is nothing more elusive than an obvious fact ... Nothing . 
I wish the sun would rise earlier but instead I'm laying bed , waiting . All I want is a great run this morning :) 
You laugh because I'm different , but I laugh because you're ALL the same . 
Sometimes it's better when things aren't perfect . At least that way , you know it's real . 
We are all just ordinary people but even the most ordinary person can take the most ordinary thing and make it extraordinary . We are ALL just ordinary people and until we chose to make a change , that's all you'll ever be . Ordinary . 
Everybody's got that something ;) 
is deleting all the friends she doesn't talk to . Sorry facepeeps :/ 
Gotta love a father who is willing to drive 45 mins out of his way just to come cook for you cause you're sick . Thanks dad for not \ leaving me hanging\ " lol " 
These damn ASPCA commercials make me so sad . Christian better watch out , he just might come home to a new addition to the family ;) 
I like to think outside the quadrilateral parallelogram . ( if you don't know what that is , maybe you should get off Facebook and go educate yourself ) :) 
Got the BEST email today ! I'm so excited i feel sick :/ I pretty sure that makes me weird . 
It's only 9:30 and I'm already not having a good day . :/ 
I feel like being up before 5 am should be a crime ! I hate being sick :/ 
Today might be the day I spontaneously combust . 
Finally ! The < PROPFIRST > Confession is back on my radar :) Looking forward to the new album . 
Christian Jensen , you are AMAZING ! I'm going to miss you while you're gone . Hurry back home to me :) 
Less than 24 hours :) 
Is going to go to San < PROPFIRST > , California to visit Mickaela Good with or with out < PROPFEMALE > Martinez Gonzales ! I just decided ... lol 
Is making Christian Jensen something special :) 
' Don't worry about me & who I fire , I get what I < PROPFEMALE > , it's my empire . And yes , I call the shots , I am the umpire . I am no longer trying to survive . I believe that life is a prize . ' 
Is excited for the Fresno State Bulldogs vs U.C. < PROPMALE > Aggies hockey game this Friday :) 
I literally have EVERY espn channel and not one of them is showing the sharks game ! Damn you basketball !!!! Sad ojos :/ 
5-3 SHARKS !!! :) aww yeeeah 
San < PROPFIRST > Giants FanFest ... or Super Bowl 45 ?... Decisions decisions ... 
is enjoying her time at the beach with Christian . Helloo ocean . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Playground at Swiggs tonight :) 
Leather Serpert is thee WORST band ever !!! Too bad < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > doesn't know how to tune his own guitar ! Douchebag . 
In the midst of ... Well everything !, I still had an amazing weekend ; thanks to my poopsy <3 :) 
There are very few people in this world i dislike but if YOU were on fire and I had a bottle of water , I'd probably drink the water . Just saying . 
It's official , I have a new obsession ... Decoded on history channel . Amaaazing :) 
I HATE having to go to the doctor :( I wish i could just fix myself . lol 
Amid the gloom and travail of existence suddenly to behold a beautiful being ; and as instantaneous to feel an overwhelming conviction , that with that fair form , our destinies must be entwined . This is love <3 
SHARKS WIN !!!! 4-0 Setoguchi <3 
is snowboarding with Christian :) 
Do things with passion or don't do them at all ! 
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Hope , you ARE my inspiration ! I miss you :/ 
As always , had an amaaaziiing weekend with Christian Jensen & my Jordy :) 
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth . Only you can be responsible for that . If you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to make that happen . Accept who you are - completely ; the good and the bad - and make changes as YOU see fit - not because you think someone else wants you to be different . 
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting <3 
I may not have gone where i intended to go , but I think I've ended up where I needed to be . 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > , may you rest in peace . I miss you . 
Play date with my Jordy and Christian at < PROPFIRST>'s Incredible Pizza :) 
I'm finally getting a < PROPFEMALE > of this snowboarding nonsense :) now the lift and the drive up here are a different story ... I shall prevail !!!! 
Your aspirations ARE your possibilities <3 
B95's homeboy ' prophet ' is pissing me off ! Are you really saying its okay to cheat as long as you don't bring home a baby or an STD !?!? AND then you used \god\ " and \ " laid\ " in the same sentence !?!? Get the eff outta here with all that . " 
Feels like she's been trapped in an electric blue cage with 4 wheels all day . 
Support music everyday , because there isn't a day music won't be there to support you . 
One week from today . Giants baseball !!! Humm-baby <3 I can't wait :) 
Opening day+lincecum = 27 K's . Ya dig ? 
I hate it when I'm too focused on something and my frosted flakes get soggy :/ 
Game day baby <3 BEAT LA !! 
I shouldn't have taken that nap today :/ 
Something amazing happens when you're in love & you just don't give a damn about what day it is anymore . 
