bullshit .. 

i'd kill a bitch 
went to go watch that new Resident Evil movie . Shit was badass 
Happy 8th months baby ! I love you ! 
Fuck with my man and imma draw like picaso < PROPMALE > . 
Fuck ! 
Makin some banana pancakes ! Haha !! 
ill be dreamin of you 2night , till 2morrow , and for all of my life <3 
Fuuuck !!! Its like 101 fuckn degrees !! 
I think the devil farted on my face ... 
So theres this dude , IMMA FUCK HIS SHIT UP ! 
At < PROPFIRST > , visiting . Haha ! 
if i were god , i'de kill him and get away with it ... 
&& i say \fuck the world with a big long dick \"" 
You down with O.P.P ???? 
Just like you , I get lonely too ... 
Yesterday lookd just like you , strange things my imagination might do , take a breath , reflect on what we been thru , or am i just goin crzy cuz i miss you ... 
I pray the lord my soul to take ... 
If i were god people would worship me . Hahahaha !!!! 
I want my baby back . 
I dont bust back bcuz i shoot first .. 
Guns turn u guys into pussys , SEX CHANGE !! 
finally got a job . first day this friday . cant wait ! 
what to be for halloween ?? 
if you aint runnin wit it run from it modafukka !!!! 
Keep my swaggr , keep it lookn good for ya , keepin lookn hood for ya , baby if u dont kno , I GOT UR BACK ! 
Nobody gon'luv me bettr , i must stickwitu 4evr , nobdy gon'take me higher , i must stickwitu , u kno how to appreciate me , i must stickwitu my baby ... 
Lost boys ! Bomb movie 
LBC hoes went trick-or-treating for that easy money ... 
how many times you gotta prove u an angel ? how many more demons do you have to strangle ? how much longer must you remain in this dream before i finally figure out if you insane or a genius ? LOVE LIFE ... 
if i could i would keep this feeling in a plastic jar . bust it out whenever someones acting hard . 
Love is friendship set to music ... 
Before i love u even more , let me say that ur the love of my life . 
\Confidence is a stain they cant wipe off\ " -lil < PROPMALE > " 
You see right thru me , how do u do that shit babe ?? 
There is a hell believe I've seen it . Theres a heaven . Let's keep it a secret ... 
And if u get dolled up , i got them voodoos for you bitches 
Hes the kinda guy i was lookn fo ' and yes you'll get slapped if u lookn hoe ! 
Santy claus came thru ! He brought me the bombest gift ever ! You kno who im talkn bout babe ! Iloveyou ! 
im sorry if i cant be rude to other niggas , but VIC I PROMISE NEXT TIME ILL GIVE THEM THE MIDDLE FINGGAH . dont get confused . its not like i cheated , that short lil witch will never be repeated . one things fersure VIC I LOVE YOU SO MUCH , wouldnt want to lose your touch to some slutty mutt . hope you like this rhyme of mine its only for you , just kno that ill always love , care , and be here for you . 
thanks to the people that wished me a happy bday . it totally suckd .. but fuck it !! \ 
i was with thee best boyfriend in this twisted planet . HE IS ALL I WANTED FOR MY BIRTHDAY + X-MAS !! 
You so full of shit , You should close your mouth n let your ass talk . 
You talk alot if shit , you should close ur mouth n let ur ass talk ! 
When feelin lips like yours and looking into eyes like yours , shit , I might as well face it cuz its true\ 
yes , I've fallen in love with you . When you embraced me last night , Lord knows it was pure delight . Don't you go , please stay nd never try to send me away <3 KV 
I think im lowkey engaged ..... \ 
and im more than happy . hahahaha !!!!! kv <3 
On a diet but im doing donuts on a 6 speed ! Haha ! 
Im in love n crazy bout you . But what do diplomas n good schools mean if ur not by my side ? 
KLG <3 VLG even our initials somewhat match . 
He knows how to satisfy my hunger . ;D 
I dont wanna be here anymore . 
something bads gonna happen .... i can feel it 
Im fucked up . Maybe i am like the rest . 
Keep my hopes up high n my head down low ... im not takin a blow ... gotta keep the flow ... xactly why i didnt end things ... damn boobooshh u are such a blessing . Maybe this one made sense . 
I think my world just ended ... 
My Angel Baby <3 
im a lover , not a fighter , but i'll fight for what i love <3 
All the other kids wit the pumped up kicks better run better run , out run my gun . All the other kids wit the pumped up kicks better run better run , out run my bullet <3 
Babe ! Stop pokin me ! You n i both kno it leads to something else !!! <3 
The best day ever ! I missed my boobooshh like crazy ! Im so greatful i got the < PROPMALE > to see him n have him in my arms again . I love you babe ! Cant wait till valentines day ! <3 
I gotta act like a woman n think like a man ... 
Imma piss on ur face , then imma fartt in ur mouth , yea , then imma shit on ur balls bitch !! 
Dear god , i need a rebirth . I dont kno who i am no more ... amen . 
We speak in different voices when fighting with the ones we love . We speak in different voices , why cant we say what we're thinking of ? 
All these bitches is my sons ... if i had a < PROPMALE > i would pull it out n piss on em . Ahaha !!!!! 
I just had the bombest day before valentines today ! I got to see mah babe ! The man look hott like always . Hahaha ! Super fukn xcited for tomorrow ! 
By far , thee MOST ROMANTIC N FUN VALENTINES DAY EVVEERR !!! Thanx baby ! I love you ! 
I want a siberian husky .. :( 
I just saw rihanna in person and the bitch was late but gorgeous ! 
So my dad n i were cleanin the garage n we found a hawaiian newspaper from 1944 . Talks bout world war 2 .. 
I just made my babys week while watchn the longest yard . <3 
Babe ! Stop being so damn sweet to me ! Imma get diabetes ! <3 
hopefully today goes well .... :\\ 
My sister was bikridin n she swallowed moquitos . 
I need a therapy session 
I slapped my sister with a tortilla 
Finally got wifi in my house . 
Breakfast club haha ! 
The sandlot xD . 
Stupid ass whores these muthafuckn days dude . 
< PROPMALE > edd n eddy <3 
I love < PROPFIRST > gallo . I told him ill admit it . I hope one day we get married just to say we fuckn did it ! Ahaha ! 
Sick ass day with my boobooshh ! Haha ! Thanx babe ! Iloveyou ! 
Awesome day with my babe . Haha ! I cooked for him too . Ahahaha !!! I hope he liked it . Ily < PROPFIRST > ! N now , off to church -__- ... 
Awesome day with my babe ... so awesome that i even ended up losing my fuckn wallet . :( 
I miss you ... :'( 
Im lost without you . Cant help myself . How does it feel to kno that I LOVE YOU BABE ? 
Just got my sister a bomb manuapua .. or however u spell it . XD 
U kno how in fairytales the < PROPMALE > comes in a horse ... well my < PROPMALE > came in a skateboard . <3 
Theres nothin i wont do than spend my life with you <3 
My babes so high on life he makes angels fall xD 
Watchn blink 182 all the small things video ... throwback ! 
I thought the new boyz were all bout jerkin n shit ... these niggas are FAKE . how u gonna go from jerkin music to fuckn techno beats ?! 
I never thought the mess we made would be so beautiful . ILYBABE <3 
Chill day with the nigga lexi . Caught up on life n shit .. felt like we havnt seen eachother in years .. haha ! LEGIT ! 
Shut ur mouth , how can u say i do bad things the wrong way ? I am human n i need to be loved just like everybody else does . -the smiths 
Idk what the fuck to do .... what would a bored pissed off person do ? 
I really need me a new video game -__- 
Bout to go shoppin for lil bros bday present ... thinkn of gettn him a yo gabba gabba toy . Ahaha !!! Lil queer ! 
Just got done cleanin the entire front yard , back yard , n house interior ... now what ? 
Babe , will u marry me everyday ? :3 
Boy ur an alien . Ur touch is farout , its super natural . Extetirestrial <3 
The funny thing is , i fell hard for him n it didnt even hurt <3 
Omg .. im tearin up cuz i told my babe why i wanna be with him for the rest of my life : ' D 
I hate these diet commercials ... they so fake . Its like bitch stfu . U kno u sukn it in . Fat bitch . -__- 
Im attracted to him like angels are attracted to their halos <3 ily babe <3 
Fuuuck dude . 
Why get his name tattooed on my arm when its already tattooed in my heart . <3 
Wooooow .... 
:( 
How come it feels like something bads gonna happen ? 
One minue man-missy < PROPMALE > haha ! 
And ill wake u up in the middle of the night just to say i will never walk away .. 
Im never his last resort , im always his first priority . Thats real love ya fucks ! 
As of today , i feel numb . :/ 
To whoever is bitchn bout the weather , stfu drink cold drinks , go shower , or simply just deal wit the fact that its hot . 
\you mechanized cockblock ! \ " lmao ! " 
Boy i think about u every night n day . Im addicted ; wanna jam inside ur love . I wouldnt wanna have it anyother way . Im addicted n i just cant get enough . 
Ill ask 21 questions n they all bout us :D 
Hopefully today goes well ..... 
Does anyone kno of a place thats hiring ? Or can hook me up with a damn job ? Needy person up in here . 
If ur not supposed to eat playdough , then why the fuck they make it look so good in those icecream commercials ? -_____- 
