My home is filled with toys & has fingerprints on everything . Its never quiet . My hair is usually a mess , makeup is rare & I'm always tired ! But there is Love & Laughter here ! In 20 years my children won't remember the house or hair but they WILL remember the time we spent together & the love they felt . Your babies only get one childhood so make it a good one ! Copy & paste if you love being a mom . 

17 days til Outer Banks !!!! :) 
Getting ready to go to wrk , hopefully a good day . 
Why dont my kids ever get along ? They've been fightin for the last hour !! Cant wait to leave for vacation . : 0 ) 
Leavin for N.C. tonight !!!!!!!! Yay !!! 
Just got to the ocean . Gonna go down to the beach , then go eat at the pier . :) 
Shaela got a lil too brave today n ran into the water before i could grab her . She almost got swept out to sea but i grabbed her bathing suit strap just n time . Now both my legs r scraped up from the waves knockin me down when i was savin her lil ass . She is such a handful . 
Gonna get ready to go down to the beach . The heat index is supposed to be 105 today down here !! Im gonna try to get < PROPMALE > to get in the water with me but not sure if i can , all he wants to do is sit on the sand and build castles . 
PROMISE TO MY KIDS : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I will know you're a responsible adult . All because I love you . You will never find someone who loves you and cares about you more than your MUM !!!! Copy and paste if you feel the same 
Gettn ready to go down to beach n put the jellyfish we found back n the water . I thought all jellyfish were poisonous but only the ones with brown on are i found out today . They were all over the beach earlier when we were there n all the lil kids were catchin them . 
Just got back from the beach . My ciggs , dress , n everything else i had with me got soaked , when a huge wave knocked my chair over so it wasn't the best trip down to the water so far . 
Just got back from shopping . Got both the kids a t-shirt but going back to the stores tomorrow to finish up my shopping . Still gotta get myself a lil souvenier from down here . 
Just got up , my heads pounding for some reason n the kids r acting like animals , so this is starting out to b a real good day . 
Well tonight is our last night n N.C. Gotta pack all our stuff tonight n head home at eleven a.m. :( Not looking forward to the eight hour drive . 
Just got home n im actually happy to b back . :) 
My kids r driving me crazy !!!!!!!! I swear my daughter is the devil , she can b soooo mean when she wants to b for only being 2 . But then again i guess she gets it from her piece of shit father . Can't wait til they take a nap . 
Gotta go get both the kids blood drawn today ... :( not looking forward to it at all . 
Just woke up . Gotta get ready for work . Hopefully not to much stupid shit from stupid people today . 
gotta get ready for wrk ... hopefully a good day ... at least i don't gotta wait tables today . :) 
Off tomorrow .. Yay !! Meeting up with Aly in the morning to < PROPFEMALE > out . : 0 ) 
Gonna b another busy day ... I got half an hour to get me n the kids ready n head up the road to Hancock . 
Just woke up a lil bit ago ... the kids are actually being good so far today , no scratching or hiting yet . Hope they're good for mom while im at work . 
Just got up bout twenty mins ago . Just realized that my baby boy starts school n less than a week :(( It makes me sooo sad . 
Off work today ... gotta go school shopping for < PROPMALE > . 
Just got back from school shopping ... now it's time to meet the teacher . 
Today was my baby boys first day of school ... He was so excited but it made me soooooo sad :(( 
Just woke up with a headache .. ugh . Hopefully it will go away before i gotta be to work . 
It's so nice out ... feels like Fall . : 0 )) 
Just got < PROPMALE > off the bus ... He said he had a good day n made friends . : 0 ) Now its time to clean the house . 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ? 
Getting ready to go to work ... No waiting tables today : 0 ) 
Just woke up ... Shaelas acting like a nut this morning for some reason . Gotta get ready for work ... same shit just another day . 
Trying to take advantage of the quiet ... I kno as soon as < PROPMALE > gets home from school n him n < PROPFEMALE > get together all hells gonna break loose . 
Just one morning without feeling like shit would be nice ... I hate headaches !!!!!!!! 
So shaela wakes up n runs out into the living room just in time to see mom backing out the driveway , so she starts screaming , which leads to dad huffing n puffing like he always does ... What a wonderful morning !!! 
I love how people like to run their mouths n act like lil immature bitches when the don't even know the real story ... Im 26 years old ... Been outta highschool for almost ten years so therefore i hate dealing with highschool bullshit from teenagers . 
Just woke up ... Off today ... Was thinking bout putting up my Halloween decorations ... I think it may be a bit early for that tho . 
Some men don't deserve the name Daddy or Father . Sperm donor is more appropriate . So thanks for the donation . Guess you'll never know how great they are . 
Getting ready for work ... Hopefully a good day and no more drama ... Just gonna do my job n make money : 0 ) 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and WOULD NOT change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up , instead ............ LOVE what they get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your KIDS :) 
Just finished getting ready for work ... Hopefully a good day . : 0 ) 
Well < PROPMALE > got sick in school today so i just got back from picking him up ... Hopefully he's not getting the flu : 0 ( 
My day off yesterday didn't go very well ... I go to my Dr. appt and they end up sending me to the hospital cuz they found out i have pneumonia ... So they put me off work today . I hope i'm better within the ten days like the doctor said i should be cuz this sucks !!!!!! : 0 ( 
Feelin better : 0 ) ... Now i just wish my kids would get along . 
Just woke up ... Gotta get a shower , pick Aly up at the mall , then head up the road to work ... Hope today goes good , then tomorrow off . : 0 ) 
I wish a certain someone would quit texting and calling my phone asking bout MY kids , when they didn't even wanna watch the kids , buy diapers , milk , or anything that they needed for the six years that we were together . U didn't worry bout them then , so don't start now . N don't use MY kids to get to me cuz i don't want ya anymore . 
Its Mommy’s week . Post this with the date u first became a Mommy . August 18 , 2005 @1 : 59 p.m. 9lbs 4oz . January 15 , 2008 @ 8:52 a.m. 8lbs 2oz . 
Shaela has had strep throat and an ear infection for a week ( and a fever of 102 yesterday ) , so the doctor had to put her on a stronger med n now she wont take it .... Why is she soooooo stubborn , she acts like we're killing her when we try to give it to her .... Damn , it stresses me out when shes sick : 0 ( 
Trick ~ or ~ Treat tonight .... Shaes gonna be a pretty lil butterfly and < PROPMALE > wants to be Spiderman .... Can't wait : 0 ) 
Back from trick or treating ... Got enough < PROPFEMALE > to last 2 months , which makes the kids very happy ... Shae got tired of walking so she spent most of her time in the stroller ... now i'm sitting here waiting for the sugar rush to hit them n all hell break loose : 0 ) 
~ Happy Halloween ~ 
O No !!!!!!!!!! I've found three gray hairs in my head in the last three days .... I told my mom n she said , \well < PROPFEMALE > you are pushing thirty . \ " Great : 0 ( " 
Parent-Teacher Conference at 1:30 today ... Can't wait to hear what the teacher has to say ... Not too nervous cuz he gets a four ( which means he did very good ) on almost every daily report ... Dads gotta watch both kids while me n mom go ... I bet he'll have loads of fun LOL : 0) ~ 
Back from the paren t-t eacher conference ..... His teacher said he's doing very well and has lots of friends ...... That makes me sooooo happy : 0) ~~~ 
3yrs old : My mom is the best ! 7 yrs old : Mom , I love you . 10 yrs old : Mom whatever !! 17 yrs old : OMG my mom is SO annoying . 18 yrs old : I wanna leave this house !... 35 yrs old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 yrs old : I don't want to lose my mom . 70 yrs old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me ... Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom ? I love you ! 
OMG !!!!!!!! Shaela is driving me crazy today ... I went to Autozone to get cables for my car battery , while i'm trying to get help finding them she's running all over the place , then when i try to get her under control she looks at me in front of everyone n says , \get off me u fucker . \ " I was sooooo embarrased . Now she's runnin thru the house like a frickin crazy baby . I swear she's the reason i'm getting gray hairs . " 
Work from 1:15 to 8:00 ... Hope it's a good day ... Then off tomorrow .. Yay !!!!!!!! 
Why do lil kids wake up sooo early : 0x 
I can't tell u what it really is , i can only tell u what it feels like , n right now it's a steel knife in my windpipe : 0) ~~~ 
There\ 
are moments in life when you would love to bring someone down from \ 
Heaven and spend the day with them , just one last time . I know I have \ 
someone ... If you have someone too , copy and paste this to remember the \ 
ones who are important to you but no longer here . Always in our hearts \ 
...... and never forgotten ? 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . Iloved you the minute you were born . Then i saw your face & fellin love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would diefor you & to this day , I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to ...... allow ... your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your statusif you have children you love more than life ! 
Happy Birthday Marines !!!!!!!! 
soooo sleepy ... Zzzzz 
Life sucks butt right now ... The garage just called me and it's gonna cost $700 n some dollars ( which i don't have ) to fix my car ... What am i gonna do ?!?!? : 0 (( 
My lil man had to stay home from school today ... He's been cryin since last night sayin that his ears hurt n now he has a fever ... Dr's appt at four , hope they give him something that helps .... I hate not being able to do anything for him when he's in pain , just makes u feel helpless .... : 0 ( 
Can't remember when gettin high meant playn on the playground ... When protection meant wearing a helmet ... When the worst things u could get from boys was cooties ... Dads shoulders was the highest place on earth & mom was our hero ... War was only a card game & the only drug u knew was cough medicine , the most pain u felt was when u skinned your knees & goodbyes only meant until tomorrow & yet we couldnt wait too grow up . 
Can remember when gettin high meant playn on the playground ... When protection meant wearing a helmet ... When the worst things u could get from boys was cooties ... Dads shoulders was the highest place on earth & mom was our hero ... War was only a card game & the only drug u knew was cough medicine , the most pain u felt was when u skinned your knees & goodbyes only meant until tomorrow & yet we couldnt wait too grow up . 
Me n mom sat n on Nathans class for a lil bit today ... He's got so many friends , it was so cute watching all those lil kids singin the songs with the teacher n doin their schoolwork , they learn so quick ... N his teacher is awesome with them ... I'm soooo glad he is school . : 0 ) 
Why can't < PROPFEMALE > sleep past 8am ... She used to sleep til like 10:30 ... What the hell happened ?!?! 
~ Happy Thanksgiving ~ 
I just seen flurries ... I'm not happy about this : 0 (( 
If\ 
your grandma is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best \ 
grandma you ever had , whether you are blessed to still have your grandma\ 
withyou or if she is an an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your grandma and that you love her . ? ? ? 
Shaela was up all night coughing ... I think i got about two solid hours of sleep . Im so tired , i just wanna go back to bed , and the rain is just makin it worse . 
* ~ Got my Christmas shopping started today ... Got a late start on it as always ... Went to ToyZam in the mall , didnt even kno it was there til today but it's awesome ... Lil less stressed now that i kno the kids will have a good Christmas ~ * 
It's too frickin cold out !!! I can't stand it . 
O Noooooo !!!!!!!! It's snowing !!! I Hate it ... Damn why can't i live Florida . 
It's National Daughter's Week ! If you have a beautiful daughter(s ) that you \ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your \ 
daughter(s ) will hold your hand for a little while , but YOU will hold \ 
their heart for a lifetime ... My lil badbutt Shaela Addison ? 
I wish i could get more than four hours sleep at night , but instead i have a two year olds feet in my ribs , back , stomach , she's even got me in the face ... I never knew such a lil person could take up soooo much room . 
I hate snow !!!! If i didn't have to drive in it i wouldn't mind it so much ... it just always ruins my plans . 
Getting ready to go see < PROPFEMALE > with mom n the kids ... Then me n mom are gonna finish us the Christmas shopping ... Can't wait til i can see the kids open up their presents : 0 ) 
In the process of wrapping presents ... Can't wait to see their faces when they open them : 0 ) 
I feel like poo : 0 ( 
& hearts ; 
• (?) . • *´¨`* • ? • (?) My lil badass is finally taking a nap ... thank God cuz her n her brother have been fighting over the dumbest stuff ALL morn ... so now i'll have some peace and quiet (?) • ? • *´¨`* • . (?) • 
¸ . ·’ ? ¸ . ·’ ? *·~- . ¸-( ? Gotta get < PROPMALE > off the bus ... then gotta take < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor ... My kids have been sick on and off ever since < PROPMALE > started school , i feel like it's never gonna end ... Why do lil kids gotta be so germy ?!?... I'd like to have just two weeks with no sick kids ... Plz God just two weeks . ? ) -,.-~* ¸ . ·’ ? ¸ . ·’ ? 
I've carried a child within my body . Slept with babies on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOMMY and there is no greater honor or blessing !! ? * Post this as your status if you are a proud momma * 
It's snowin !!! 
& hearts ; Tomorrow is my babygirls 3rd birthday&hearts ; ... She's getting big way too fast .. 
OMG !!! I cannot stand the effin ravens !!! 
Kick their ass Steelers !!! 
I really don't feel like goin to work today ... I hope i actually make some money and we're not as slow as we have been . 
This week we remember babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . Break the silence ... In memory of all lost angels . & hearts ; 
So i called off work today because i don't wanna get stuck there when we get the worst of this snow this evening ... but damn my kids are driving me crazy ... u would think that being at home would be more relaxing than being at work but not with kids like mine . 
OMG !!!! Be careful if anyone goes out in this crap ... I just went a mile down the road to Martins and the roads are AWFUL !!! 
I'm about to rip into some teenagers asses ... I understand that i live in a development , but that should not mean that these hoodlums can run thru my yard and in my driveway right by my car ... I'm getting really heated ... I look out my bathroom window and there they are sitting right outside it ... WTF . What the hell is wrong with kids these days ?!?! 
Damn this snow ... Thank God it's supposed to stop by the time i gotta leave for work . 
Copy and paste this if your & hearts ; Grandma&hearts ; is in heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my grandma's arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while . Miss you more than words can say ..... 
So < PROPMALE > got his very first report card and he's doin sooooo good ... The teacher said , \he's a very sweet boy and well liked by his peers . \ " I'm so proud of him . & hearts ; " 
STEELERS WAVE !!! : „ø¤º °¨ ¨°º¤ KEEP THE WAVE GOING !!! ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨ °º¤øº HERE WE GO , STEELERS , HERE WE GO !! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤ º°¨ ¨°º WAVING THE TERRIBLE TOWEL „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ HERE WE GO , STEELERS , HERE WE GO !! ¸„ø¤º° ¨°º¤øº WAVING THE TERRIBLE TOWEL ¤¤ 
Parents think about their children day and night , even when they are grown . Parents love their children in a way that they will never understand . Parents will be there for their children when no one else will . Parents would take a bullet , stand in front of a train , and ask God to take them instead of their child . If you have a child or children that you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in ur ? for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????? 
Copy and paste this if you have a Grandma in heaven . If roses grow in Heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Grandma's arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for awhile !! November 15th 2006 : 0 ( 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Re post if you feel the same 
There comes a point in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing , being out til 4am or drinking too much . It means movies , family dinners , kid activities , bedtime stories , and 9pm bedtimes . Becoming a parent doesn't change you , it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time ! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \Boring\ " life ! :) ? " 
This is my third day in a row off work ... I can't believe im sayin this but i'm ready to go back ... Kids can do that to u . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being an ass , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !!....? 
I really wish my daughter would sleep as late as my son did when he was her age ... But nope , i can't get that lucky ... she's up at the asscrack of < PROPFEMALE > almost every morning . 
