Finally ! The sun is out . 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > said it all . What a fitting memorial for a man who touched so many . 
A whole week of sun . I can barely contain myself . 
What a beautiful day . 
Can't wait to go to Greece and Turkey ! 
Congratulations Judge Sotomayor ! very well deserved . 
Let's suggest getting rid of all social programs and see what the polls say then . I I'll bet the vast majority will be none to pleased . Yeah , that's to you Rasmussen . Ask questions where actual brain cells are used , you'll be amazed at the insights that come forth . 
Watched \Sicko\ " last night and is feeling dismayed . " 
will add Whole Foods on the list of stores she will no longer patron . The CEO has proven himself to be a dimwit . 
Rest in peace Senator Kennedy . You will be sorely missed . 
knew the < PROPFEMALE > weather was to good to last . Sigh , back to the rain . 
Is back from her awesome adventure in Greece and Turkey . 
is tired of the lack of civility and wants to go back on vacation . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > and clear , the temperature is in the crisp wintery 30's , what a perfect day to start a new year and and a new decade . May this year and coming decade be even better than the one that has passed . 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes ! 
Needs a long vacation ..... 
is ready for the coming week . 
To < PROPFIRST > Clementi's family : I am so sorry for your loss . May your lovely son rest in peace . To Dhuran Ravi : you and your family are a disgrace to the Indian community and humanity , I hope you get the maximum sentence in prison . You certainly deserve harsher punishment than that . 
wonders what is with < PROPMALE > people whining about how poor they are . 
Vermont is awesome . 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow that 97% won't post this as their status- be one of the 3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those who havedied of cancer or who are still fighting . 
Is getting ready for a night of Halloween fun ! ( This is my favorite holiday of the year ) . 
wonders why she procrastinates so much . 
is finally going to bed . 
made her great grandmother proud by voting today . 
My mom called to tell me I looked beautiful . How sweet is that ? Mom's are the best . 
To all my fellow Hindus , Jains , and Sikhs : Happy Diwali ! This is my personal favorite Hindu holiday/celebration . 
Is excited about her upcoming European adventure . 
and her mom are off on to their European adventure ! 
Has arrived in Rome and is excited to start her adventure ! 
Had a magical time in < PROPFEMALE > and is now in < PROPFIRST > . Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Loves the < PROPFIRST > metro . 
Is off to see the sagrada familia at night in the lovely city of Barcelona . 
Has arrived in Madrid . Happy thanksgiving everyone . 
Want's to move Madrid . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
Had an awesome vacation and is tired , but feels recharged . 
Will be flying home in a couple of hours . :( 
To all my Jewish friends I wish you a very happy Chanukah ! 
Here is an example of a death panel . In a red state no less : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/05/us/05transplant.html?hpw 
Has one more set of pictures to post . Maybe five cities in one trip was a wee ambitious .. 
Is thinking about her next vacation . Since this one went so well , I'm thinking exotic for the next one . 
Had dinner and now it's back to work , albeit from home . 
is procrastinating again . I really need to work on this , it only delays things . 
Apparently Mainak and I have known each other for a decade now . I can't believe it's been that long . We are seperate rooms drinking tea ( that he prepared :)) and surfing the net . The steorotypical hallmarks of a 21st century relationship . 
I think I am addicted to the news . 
Ok , time to get ready for tomorrow . Decisions , decisions .... 
Just calculated her carbon footprint and is depressed to realize that she will never be able to reach the world goal of 2 tons a year . < sigh > The planet is so screwed . 
it is such a hot chocolate kind of day . 
is about to munch on a bar of dark chocolate . I am convinced this is a miracle food . 
Dinner hit all the important food groups today : tiramasu cheesecake ( dairy ) , small macadamia nut cookie ( protien + grain ) , chocolate ( protein + antioxidants ) , tea ( antioxidant ) . All that's needed to make this meal perfect is a lovely glass of merlot ( fruit ) . 
Sweet ! Well , hello Mr. Merlot , what's that ? another glass ? well , yes sir , I would very much like another . : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/21/health/research/21risks.html?ref=health 
is sooooo happy it is Friday . 
\We wanted to pay these wages so that the business would be on a lasting foundation 
The weekend is over :( . 
Happy holidays everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
While this winter weather is incredibly inconvenient , it is very pretty to look at . 
Happy new year everyone ! May the coming year be full of fun , good luck , and cheer . 
loves the fact that technology allows us to communicate with people in far off places . 
it is a beautiful day . 
Gourmet fudge chocolate cake and a glass of wine are such a perfect combo ..... I don't know why I don't have this more often . 
It is snowing ( the drive made my eyes happy ) . Time for some obligatory hot chocolate . 
\The life that you have is not a debt to repay . \ " Soumya Ghosh " 
is on the hunt for some good news . 
It is magical outside . Unpleasant for those who are driving , but magical . 
So virtually the whole country is now a winter wonderland : http://www.csmonitor.com/Science/2011/0112/Snow-now-in-49-states 
“Rather than pointing fingers or assigning blame , let us use this occasion to expand our moral imaginations , to listen to each other more carefully , to sharpen our instincts for empathy , and remind ourselves of all the ways our hopes and dreams are bound together . ” ---- President Barack Obama 
I will not go to bed until I have found a good news story tonight . 
Is planning her next vacation . 
Off to attempt a culinary masterpiece . 
hates powerpoint . 
More snow tomorrow . Ugh .... 
I am for mixed seating for the next state of the union . It was hilarious watching members of congress trying to decide when to stand and clap . 
Powerpoint , why oh why do you frustrate me so ? 
A piece of advice for those who are driving in this lovely winter weather : Don't weave in and out of traffic , even if you have an SUV . Some of us would like to get to work and back home alive . 
has skipped the main course and gone straight to dessert . 
My love affair with sugar is back on . Oh , my sweet friend , why did I ever leave you ? 
< sigh > it is only Tuesday . 
Nothing like a glass of wine and a piece of cake to end the day . 
To the people of Egypt : Congratulations . You did it . You showed the world that common people still have the ability to overpower autocratic despots . Perhaps what should really be commended is that you did it with a minimal amount of violence . This synic is inspired by your victory . Thank you for showing the world that huge changes can be accomplished without killng each other . 
I have had a wonderful day . Thanks to the hubs for the spa day ( granted I was skeptical ) , to my family for making me feel loved , to all my lovely friends for reminding me how fortunate I am to have them in my life , and to mother nature who blessed me with a snow free , somewhat < PROPFEMALE > day . 
Why are muppets performing at the grammy's ? I love them and all , but it is just a < PROPMALE > strange . 
Cee Lo Green you are my hero . 
Mr. Jagger has still got it . 
I love it when an non-pop group wins record of the year . Congrats Arcade Fire . 
Is thrilled by tomorrows weather report . 
I now know another < PROPFEMALE > . A cousin , and she does spell her name differently . It is very cool either way . 
has survived the snopocalypse , followed by the icepocalypse , followed by another snopocalypse , followed by a windpocalypse . Therefore , I am now prepared for the rainpocalypse and heatpocalypse that will surely follow this year . 
My new love : sour cream 
Don't worry chocolate , you are still my number 1 . 
It's sour cream time . Mmmmmm .... sour cream . 
It is time for some vino . 
No matter what state I have lived in , renewing my driver's license always seems to require a one hour plus wait . Such a lovely way to spend a Saturday . 
I should have a mad men themed party sans the bad boy behavior in homage to my new obession with 1950's fashion . 
< sigh > 
loves the vintage < PROPFEMALE>'s that arrived in the mail today :) . Nothing like a little retail therapy .... 
is trying to decide if she should have a glass of vino tonight . 
I really need to stop procrastinating so much .... 
I think some in Wisconsin may be having some buyers remorse today . 
Vino time :) 
is so going pay for procrastinating this weekend . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
It's looking like we are going to Marrakesh tonight with some friends in the city . Mmmmm Moroccan food .... 
Oh , by the way , if anyone would like to be spontaneous and join us for our Moroccan feast tonight , they are more than welcome . Just give a call . 
It is glorious outside . 
So last night was a Moroccan feast at Marrakesh , which incidently , is one of the most charming restaurants I have been to . Tomorrow is going to a flamenco show . Having seen one of these in Madrid , it will be interesting to see how this one measures up . I'm loving the internation cuisine this weekend ... 
Another glorious day ... 
Time for a coffee break and my daily dose of vitamin D . Ahhh , the joys of working on a glorious Sunday . 
Break over :( . 
I'm officially done . My brain has staged a protest . 
With the day I had I need a glass of vino . No make it two . I have to say , I have always been a red wine person , but this white chardonney is not bad . I can see the appeal . 
“Heal the past , live the present , dream the future . ” --- Anonymous 
is happy this horrible week is almost over . 
It's going to be in the 40's this weekend :( . Really mother nature ? Really ? 
The forcast calls for snow this week . Snow . No wonder I haven't seen any song birds yet :( . 
why do I procrastinate ? It typically ends badly . 
Let's try this again without the grammer mistake . I will be in Philly the next two days for a conference . Here's hoping it will be interesting . 
Day one of the conference has been interesting . Hopefully day two will be more of the same . 
Why is it so difficult to find data on how well cancer drugs work ? Why ? 
Flamenco tomorrow :) . Should be fun . A little taste of Spain in New Jersey . 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . [ Please Re-Post ] 
Is out of red vino :( 
