congratulations to my best friend who just found out she is having a BABY !!!!!!! You know who you are ....... WAHOO !!! 

gettin ready for Angies wedding 
makin some cupcakes with the little man 
talkin to my best friend right now 
Loving my little boy 
gettin ready to go !!!! 
Typhoon Prep . :( 
done preping for typhoon . now just waiting . I hear there is three . I am going to have to look into this . BLAAAH 
no more typhoon watch , hust a tropical storm watch . It is just raining A LOT . I think I am going to go for a swim on my patio . :) 
tropical storm canceled !!! yay I got to open my shutters , I see the light ! now we are watching for the secone one that might hit saturday . 
Melor is now a typhoon ! AAHHH . when is this going to end ? hopefully it will go right past us and I can finally open my shutters and not feel like I am living in a cave . 
getting ready to clean clean clean . 
Burnt dinner . Took < PROPFIRST > outside and watched the Thunderbirds fly . Sorry Babe ! 
waiting for the MAN to get home so I can see him a little bit today . I am tired and have heartburn , but it is worth it . I think I am going to have some hot tea and wach a chick flick . 
tsunami watch for Guam . It will end at 3pm today . Crazy ! 
sleep ..... I need sleep ..... I can't sleep when Donniw isn't home :( so here I am .... on Facebook of all things 
having a great night . did some hair , had a nice dinner date :) ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) now I am gettin ready to clean and go to bed . 
watching < PROPMALE > the builder and eatin mcdonalds with little man 
heading off to work * yawn * it is tooo early ! 
yay I am home now ! Have more work to do ! yikes , I dont think I will ever be done . good to be home though 
I cant believe there is tetris on here now . I LOVE tetris . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > you are going DOWN . :) 
makin enchaladas for my loving husband who just got home . Such a hard worker ... 
just got my toes done and had an awsome lunch , Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , I needed that :) 
on lunch , came home to spend time with the man , got a hug !!! but now watching MAG . I hate playstation . Off to work now ! 
work work work ! I feel like that is all I ever do and the Commissary is my new home :( be nice when next week is over . 
home now yay ! sad I missed my little man trick or treating :( But < PROPFIRST > took some cute pictures and made me feel better 
makin dinner and watching toy story with little man 
just got done mowing the grass , whew , and now I am going to go pick up my little man . 
Watching Austrailia , drinking hot coco with a little bit of kaluah . MMMMMM . 
Good Game tonight ! 
went to the softball game , got rained out . Came home and broke my tooth on a candycane , I hate rain and I hate candycanes . 
yuck I have a darn cold . Taking some Medicine and going to bed , Hi < PROPFEMALE > I know you are on ;) 
I am so happy for you < PROPFEMALE > , I am so sorry I didnt make it to your graduation tonight . We are still on for tomorrow though . 
Thank you baby for such a good night , and thanks Uncle < PROPMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
* Yawn I am up and ready to go to work , I cant wait until Thanksgiving , Love the Holidays ! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!! Had the best day ! Now my tummy is nice and full , I am going to go to bed ! 
Got our christmas tree up and house is decorated ! I smell Christmas !!!!! 
Just got done decorating our tree , looks beautiful ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me !!!!! My husband bought me a new dining room set . WAHOO ! Thanks babe 
< PROPFIRST > got bit by a bug yesterday and now his little eye is so swollen he cant open it :( Then he fell off the couch and got a big goose egg on the back of his head :( Poor little guy we are going to the doctor today for his eye , on a good note he is home with me all day ! 
UGG Stll awake . Have all the lights on :) I hate these excersizes , I never sleep when < PROPFIRST > is on nights . 
Getting ready to watch some TV and snuggle with my husband . It is good to have him back at night . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > . are you online ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Just got back at looking at Christmas lights with the little boy . I love the holidays ! 
Way Excited to go to Nictams with My Man and The Barnwells . Love it ! 
Got Little Man a Fish Tank for Christmas today . Maybe I can have my happy aquarium back ! 
going to bed . 
AWE , Tlyer is napping , I get a litle bit of me time , then I am going to clean . 
Going to bed . Have to get up at 4 . Ugg tomorrow will be a long day :) 
It is too early !!!! I have to worl at 5am today and little man just woke me up by crawling into bed with us . Guess I am going to work early :( 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users won't repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this I'm one of the 3% 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! Had a great day today ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
missing my family :( Love you guys 
pink 
hi < PROPFEMALE > . we should be sleeping 
getting ready to cook some dinner 
Got my vaccinations today . Yuck . Just had lunch with my loving husband . Yum ! I think I am having quite a well balanced day . Now I am going to drop off a book to a great little momma and then maybe watch a movie . 
Hi momma Love you 
Just got off work . Put little man to bed , now going to take a bath and read my book . It's been a long day . Blah 
Just got done with a bubble bath and a chocolate face mask ... life cant get any better !...... 
the weather stinks . Wish I was hiking , stuck home with little man . It is okay though we can have a mommy and < PROPFIRST > day . Maybe we will make some cupcakes ! 
had a nice dinner at WENDYS . went to Chilli's and waited 20 < PROPFEMALE > , never got our order taken so we left . :( Nice to spend time with the family though . 
Good day to stay inside and read my book . I cant wait to go see the movie !!!!! It will be so good . Also way excited for Thursday , I get my < PROPFEMALE > back :) 
Good Morning fellow Facebooking friends ! Having a cup of coffee and gettin ready for work 
Off work yay !!!! Talking to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone . Miss you Ang ! 
Just got back from hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , not < PROPFIRST > is in bed and I am getting ready to clean . 
Just got off work . Now going to do more work . Inventory stinks . Looking forward to having tomorrow off though , I am going to spend it with the fam 
< PROPFIRST > took < PROPFIRST > to the pet store yesterday and now we have 8 fish and a baby turtle ( who's name is Baby) ! 
going to go look at the balls at micronesian mall with < PROPFIRST > . that is the only reason he likes to go , funny . then we are going to get some icecream . I love spending time off with little man . 
Just dropped little man off at daycare , going to densist appt , then off to < PROPMALE > to buy work clothes . Maybe squeeze in a coffee .. yum 
LOVED Zumba tonight . I am now addicted !!!! 
HURAY ! For a Day of !!!! It has been a long week . I am going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my girls . 
Making wings for < PROPFIRST > . Just tried to light my kitchen on fire with grease . 
home now . I got my ID taken away at the NEX :( Sad day . no shopping for me . Sucks that it is just before valentines day . I guess I will just have to be creative ... he he he he 
having a good day with my boys . I love my little family . Miss < PROPFEMALE > though 
So happy for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!!! Baby boy is here ! 
Thinking of you baby . Hope you have a good day today 
OFF Today !!!! I am so excited . Goin got a birthday party with < PROPFIRST > , the man is going fishing , tonight ... nothin but relaxation 
Jusy letting family and friends know that we are ok , and are going to be okay . I will keep you posted on the tsunami . It is supposed to hit here around 1pm and it is only supposed to be 10-14 ft waves . I will keep you posted today :) 
Congrats to my < PROPFEMALE > . He re-enlisted today :) 
Just got home from Zumba . It was GREAT ! 
having a cup of coffee and getting ready to watch Disney < PROPFEMALE > Enchanted Tales . Then off to the dentist :( yuck . So Far good day 
hmmmm . 
thank you for Dinner Banwells . It was delish . Now I am going to wach tv with the husband 
At home with my favorite little man today . Waching Dinasour movies and making cookies . Best day of the week :) 
Zumba tonight . anyone want to go ?? It is at 7pm 
Friends don't care if your house is untidy , if your car makes funny noises , if you don't have money this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A TRUE friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! 
had a blasty blast today 
Just talked to my dad . He sounds like he is doing okay . I wish I was there . I don't think I would leave his side . Pray for him . 
Happy Birthday Uncle < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > got a persian for my birthday .... cat allergies have been confirmed . Going to see the doc this week to get some allergy medicine . Love her anyway 
beautiful day !!!! At home with the boys . I love having every other sunday off . It is much needed R&R family time with all of us together . 
getting ready to watch Army Wives . YEsssssssss . I am so excited . 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
soooo exctied for my family to get here !!!! Vacation here I come !! 
home from work . Tomorrow a long day of counting inventory . yuck . < PROPFIRST > is on nights . Yuck . my house is dirty yuck yuck yuck . My family comes to see me in less than a week YAY !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is in bed . Now reading my book , doing laundry and drinking a margerita in hopes for better sleep tonight . Blah ! 
having a bad day :( 
My Family comes in 2 days !!!!! I am sooo excited !!! Lots of things to do still . 
Happy Mothers day !!!!!!! Thank you Baby for last night !!! You are amazing and I am so lucky for you . 
Just got off work , It has been a long week . On a good note , My dad is doing really well , He had his surgery and they will find out in a few weeks if they got all of the tumors out . I wish I was home with him right now 
Off today . I am going to clean clean clean . Then get my little man from daycare and watch some tractors down the street . Good day ! 
back from Zumba . Great class tonight 
Came home from a long day to flowers on the kitchen table from my boys . I couldn't have asked for a better Family and I swear < PROPFIRST > is in my head . He knows when I need a little extra lovin ' . Thank you baby 
oh my goodness ! Done with inventory . now off to bed for work in the morning . 
So < PROPFIRST > has decided to have a nascar birthday . He picked his cake yesterday . I am sure uncle < PROPMALE > will be happy :) Hopefully everyone can come . We will be sending out invitations soon !! 
Good day today . Slow but productive at work . Now eating grilled cheese and waching tv with < PROPFEMALE > 
Home from work today , Doing Paper work this mornin and then have to wait for the cable guy , then Zumba later . Easy Day Today 
just talked to my dad , he sounds okay , a little drugged up though . The doctor said they are 90% sure they got all of the cancer . Hopefully they are 100% right ! I wish I was home right now . :( 
up with little man and getting ready for work , it is goign to be a busy weekend !!! work work camping and work ! 
Long day today at work ... off to bed for me ! Hopefully tomorrow is better ... 
GOOD MORNING !!!! Happy Memorial Day for all of Guam ! 
So < PROPFIRST > is still awake in bed missing his dad . I think it is going to be a long night . Cant wait for this excersize to be over . So I guess I will drink some hot chocolate and watch a chick flick for a while . might as well enjoy full reign of the TV while I can :) 
watching great mouse detective and eating grilled cheese and tomato soup with the little man . life is pretty good right now . Miss the husband though . 
still awake . Yuck . good thing I am off tomorrow . going to finish up stuff for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday tomorrow ... and clean clean clean . 
Thank you to everyone who cam to < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday party . You really helped make his day special . 
< PROPFIRST > is eating left over birthday cake for Breakfast today . He better enjoy I think this is the only day out of the year he gets to ! 8am is too early for a 4yr old sugar rush LOL Happy birthday to my little man . I love you 
waiting for munchkin to wake up so we can go to Taylors birthday party 
Up and drinking coffee . Keeping < PROPFIRST > home with me today . This week is going to be a long work week , so I will take all the time I can get with my little man . :) 
Just downloaded an aquarium screensaver for my cat to watch . How retarded it that . LOL\ 
whatever . I am about to go to bed . Long day tomorrow . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > fro the yummy cookies . Well what ever crumbs I got :( < PROPFIRST > ate them all by the time I walked accrost the street . 
Got up this morning to an irritating phone call with work . BLAH . Now I am cleaning the house and about to make the husband some breakfast before I head out . Happy fathers day to all of the Guam folks . 
WAHOOOO I LOVE this rain . 
where oh where is my husband ?? No Lunch ?? :( Oh well . I am glad I procrastinated on making him a tasty meal . 
It is 3am and I am awake getting ready for work . UUUUGG . Waiting for coffee to finish brewing . Though I would get on so I woldn't fall asleep while waiting ! Good morning everyone !!!!! 
I LLOOOVVVEEE hearing thunder . I havent herd it in so long 
hi momma I see you are online . I love you 
Having a relaxing sunday . < PROPFIRST > is sleeping now going to pick up the house and maybe watch some T.V. 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to get his shots :( Then coming home and having a lazy day with my little man 
almost time for my show !!! 
Woke up this morning with 15 e-mails from work !!! AHHH ! okay it isnt so bad . Just a little bit of work then waching a movie . Going in at 2pm to do some interviews . 
Just had a great dinner with an even greater Family . Tomorrow will be a good day as well !!! \ 
Off to bed . Work comes early in the morning 
AAAAAAAAAAAAH !!!! what a day . 
had a long day today , but ended well with yummy lasagna and good company . Thank you \Cassie's Daddy\ " :) " 
had a great girls day marathon !!! probably the longest girls day I have ever had but thuroughly enjoyed it . Thanks ladies . I love you !! :) 
Just getting off work . I love coming home to my little boy's big hugs and kisses from my husband . It really gives me something to look forward to while I am working . I love you guys so much 
Watching DEAR < PROPFIRST > with Tab . Having a great day with my new best friend 
Well , this week has been a long one and it is only tuesday ! :( Took < PROPFIRST > to the hospital for stomach cramps , poor baby , glad he is feeling better today . Tomorrow another day of work . Will be < PROPFEMALE > glad when this excersize is over . 
Had a pretty good day today ! Now doing paperwork . Almost done , then bed . 
Good day today 
home from work now watching our show with the husband . 
Next week < PROPFIRST > is leaving to go get Brookie . I am sooo excited !!!! It will be so nice to have a nother girl in the house !! oh yeah , I'll miss you babe . 
Dropped < PROPFIRST > off this morning at 4am to go get little girl . I am sooo excited !!! I will miss you < PROPFEMALE > , be safe and call me lots . Give Brookie big kisses from < PROPFIRST > and I 
Cant sleep . I miss my < PROPFEMALE > :( Cant wait until he gets home with Brookie !!!! < PROPFIRST > is super excited to see his Sissy too . Love you babe 
Got my little boy in bed , now time to clean clean clean !!! :) 
Had a pretty good day today thanks to the Barnwells !! Love you guys . :) < PROPFIRST > is in bed and I think I am going to watch a chick flick . Time for some much needed relaxing time before I start my week 
off work , now I am going to eat lunch , mow the yard and pick up the house a little bit before I get my little man . 
oohhhhh the stress ! Blah 
got a yard ticket today , I think we are getting picked on . Anyway tried to take down the trampolene to cut the grass underneath and found a big boonie < PROPFEMALE > nest on it . I have battle wounds now and the < PROPFEMALE > s are still there :( I will attack tonight when they least expect it .... 
AAWWEEE this week is almost over .. Going to relax with my little boy for a while and then tuck him in to bed . 
at the terminal but am okay < PROPFIRST > still at ddaycare i am worried bout him ! 
inventroy almost complete going to bed and will finish in the morning . Good night Guam and Good morning Stateside !!! :) 
I'm awake , I'm awake !!!! Litttle boy is hungry this morning I guess because I keep getting yelled at to get out of bed . Oh , well , I though I could sleep for that extra 10 < PROPFEMALE > , then rush to get ready like I slept in for 30 . LOL thanks for lookin out < PROPFIRST > 
Home from work . It has been a rough week . to top it off I picked up < PROPFIRST > from daycare today and he got kicked in the face today . UGG . He is okay , a little owie on his eye :( It is a good thing they can't tell you who does these things . Next week should be better !! Tonight will be nice to take my mind off of things . :) 
still awake , I think I will stay awake for a little while longer so I can call the husband . 
Good morning Guam !! 
ho hum ... ( Why are my words underlined ) My extended family just left so I guess I will watch some TV ? I am not sure what to do . Maybe fold laundry ?? NAAAAA Tv sounds great . 
uuhhg time to fold laundry :( Going to go through Brookies closet and organize . I want is perfect when she gets here !! :) SOOO excited ! 
had a really great night . Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for buying me a laptop computer desk for early Christmas !!! LOL Now I dont have to sit on the floor while on my computer :) Looking forward to tomorrow . More cleaning and breakfast with Barnwells , not to mention a full day with my little boy !!! ( much needed ) 
OUR PHONE NUMBERIS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go to the top right of yourscreen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of yourscreen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their phone #'s by changing their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings - Customize - Phone - Only Me ) 
Just watched Army Wives , now for bed 
Bluh . Doing paper work . There isn't enough time in the day . Pullin overtime to get all of this stuff done before FRIDAY !!!! I am so excited for < PROPFIRST > and Brookie to come home . :) 
so , I got up at 4 this morning ( after going to bed around 1am ) to pick < PROPFIRST > up at the airport to find out that he comes in at 6PM !! not AM !!! I am such a dork ! Anyway , tired and really dissapointed :( 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a forever friend ! Repost if you have amazing sisters ! 
I wear no uniform , no blues , no greens . But I am in the military , in the ranks rarely seen . I have no rank upon my shoulders . Salutes I do not give , I'm not the one who fires the weapon , who puts my life on the line . My husband makes the sacrifice , but so do I . I stand among the silent ranks , known as the Military Wife ..... and I LOVE my life 
they are here !!! WAHOO 
Long day today .. Off to bed to snuggle with the hubby 
SLUMBER PARTY !!!!! Can't sleep though . The Barnwells fly out tomorrow , it should be an emotional day :( Brookie starts school though YAY !! So excited . 
kind are still sleeping , my baby is making me coffee , it is a nice relaxing morning . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ( he just gave me my coffee he he ) 
Today was < PROPFIRST>'s first day of pre-K . I think I did pretty good for a mommy :) < PROPFIRST > had a blast 
Time to get the coffe on and pick out a good movie . I have a long night of inventory paperwork to do . :) 
So , Happy Birthday to my husband ..... he is on his way to the hospital to get stiches in his knee . :( Cut himself on < PROPFEMALE > at the beach today and it won't stop bleeding . :( 
Loving this storm !! 
Good morning Guam ! Having coffee and watching some of my DVR . 
Zumba tonight at 7pm if anyone is interested 
Zumba was awsome now for shower and relaxing with the man 
So , I was baking Cinnamon Raisin Bread with < PROPFIRST > and he ate a big huge spoon full of cinnamon . YUCK ! It burnt his mouth :( Lesson learned , listen to mommy . ( well , we will see ) 
***** ? Please visit our website ? ***** \ 
Home \ 
cpfdaafbcakegirls.webs.com \ 
We have many different designs to offer from Disney , Nickelodeon and Sesame Street to Power Rangers , < PROPFEMALE > Heroes and < PROPFEMALE > Wars . We also pipe on drawings , pictures and logos . You give us a picture and we will put it on a cake . 
Well , now < PROPFIRST > is coughing :( hopefully he is feeling okay for school tomorrow 
home with the little man today . :( hope he feels better tomorrow 
My husband is so awsome !!! He is the best person in the whole world . I wish someday I could be half as awsome as he is . 
Done with paperwork :) Off to bed . Work tomorrow at 5am . Blah ! 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to the vet today . Her snaggle tooth is giving her a sore lip :( \ 
Hopefully we get some good news today .... 
Well , My cat needs dental work . 
I like to rub my husbands feet with my tongue ! It's so awsome . I think I'll bring him breakfast in bed tomorrow and mow the grass for the rest of my life . 
Done with paperwork , now going to relax and wach our show with the husband . 
I love too rub my husbands sweaty soaks on my face after he gets done running . It's soooo hoooot ! 
I love my husbands dirty butt 
Cookin dinner for the family . Making pot stickers and rice ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > who left them in my freezer and now I am < PROPFEMALE > addicted ! ) MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmm 
Back home from bowling with the kiddos . Will be posting pictures . Love spending time with the family . 
YAY for Brookie !!! She got her training wheels taken off her bike today . Good Job Sweetie 
up and watching football with the husband . Good morning Guam ! 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard , has been with you through Thick and Thin and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with date you were married05-08-2004 
TLC today . hurt my back moving my office furniture around . this stinks ... so now good meds and lots of sleep for me . Thank you baby for taking care of everything and the kiddos . I should be good tomorrow , and I will make it up to you , how ever you want . you are amazing 
Happy Sunday Guam !!! Crapes and Coffee , family and sunshine . Can't complain !!! 
Found out that we are going to Fairchild !!!! WAHOO . We leave here in about two weeks . I am going to miss everyone here . :( 
oooo so much to do ! We are right on schedule though . Looking to be in a motel room by next Friday ! 
Good Morning Guam !! So , my son just told me that he was a Ninja Turtle that turns into a < PROPFEMALE > Bakaguan . How the heck am I going to pull THAT off for Halloween ??!! Good thing he has a good imagination 
Motel is booked , Truck is shipped , almost out of here ! I am getting excited more than overwhelmed now . Car still for sale if anyone is interested !!!! 
AAAA movers are coming today ! I am < PROPFEMALE > not ready for them yet . 
Got most of the house packed up ! I cant believe how close we are to coming home !! Hope fully in a few days we will be relaxing on the beach ! 
Waiting Waiting Waiting for the movers . Come on guys , dont you know I have had lots of coffee and right now I am waisting caffeine fueled energy !! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > oo tired . After my amazing husband went to bed I spent the whole night smelling his dirty underwear ! It was awsome but I'm paying for it today . I did get the < PROPMALE > to watch his epic video game prowess today it was unbilievable that's why I hate letting him play , because I'm < PROPFEMALE > jealous . 
Soooo , We are in the motel now . Can't wait to get home and see me dad and the rest of the family ! 
So instead a a traditional diet I think I'm going to try the enema weight loss plan . I hear it's the shit . 
My babies are up . Beautiful day today . We are going to go play on the beach . I will be posting pictures later tonight .. They are sooo cute swimming 
In California at the airport . Missing my Guam friends , but happy to be back :) Love you < PROPFEMALE > Luva , 
Goin to look at houses tomorrow . Hope we find the right one !!!! 
Good Morning ...... WASHINGTON ! BURRRRR !! 
Went to church today with Ang , it was so nice ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , you now have a church partner !!!!! Going to meet with the realitor tomorrow , this week is starting out great . 
... 
My little sister < PROPFEMALE > is so awesome and amazing ! I wish I could be just like her !! <3 =o ) 
Found a house in Cheney ! Going to make an offer tomorrow . Hopefully we will be moved in by Christmas !!!!! 
Good morning Washington . It is a Beeeeaaautiful day today ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and beezus with my favorite girl . drinking hot cocoa and eating cookies . a girls time necessity . 
snow snow snow !!!!!! They kiddos are having a blast ! Going to make hot coco to warm them up . :) 
I have phone envy ! 
happy Thanksgiving Guam ! 
happy Thanksgiving !! 
Hanging out with miss < PROPFEMALE > . Love it !!! 
setting the kiddos up with a movie . Then time to do laundry and try to relax .... I miss my husband . Love you babe . 
just got done eating at tomato street with my husband and our lunch was paid for by another table thanking him for his service . thank you for supporting my husband and all other service members ! they deserve nothing less . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas guam !!! 
Closiong on our new house tomorrow ..!!!!! WAHOO ! Thank you to my sister and family who has out up with us for almost 2 months and making us feel at home . Love you . 
House is starting to look like a home . Today , I am going ot work on the kids bedrooms . Top priority , then the rest of the house . I want to make sure my babies are all settled in and comfy ! 
