Work day finished . Time to go for my orientation at Animal Friends . Got a call from CORE . Completely passed first round of testing for kidney donation . Oh , and starting a new business venture as a Scentsy consultant . Busy woman ! 

Five Deadly Words Used By Women - 1 . FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right & you need to shut up ... 2 . NOTHING : This means SOMETHING , and you should be wary ... 3 . GO AHEAD : This is a dare , not permission ; DON'T do it !... 4 . WHATEVER : Is a woman's way of saying F- YOU !... 5 . THAT'S OK : She wants to think long & hard before deciding HOW & WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake . 
::: On Friday , Facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile < PROPFEMALE > of your contacts . It's legal and is mentioned in the fine print when you create your account . To STOP this , do the following : CLICK ON Account , Account Settings , Then click on Facebook Ads , choose \No one\ " on the drop-down menu and SAVE changes . Copy this to let everybody know . ::: " 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit my home . Don't complain about my pets . ( 1 ) They live here , you don't . ( 2 ) If you don't want their fur on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . ( 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more than I like you . ( 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family ... who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back . ??? Re-post if you love your pets ??? 
FACEBOOK has 3 new VIRUSES !!!!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 --- a message from your friends via chat saying click this links .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! Top Stalkers , who is viewing your profile . These are BAD ones and will crash your computer ....... RE POST AND TELL EVERYBODY 
If you wanna make the world a better place\ 
Take a look at yourself and then make the change\ 
You gotta get it right , while you got the time\ 
' Cause when you close your heart\ 
Then you close your mind - MJ 
just came homw from my first day volunteering with Animal Friends . I was thrilled to find out that the one Akita was marked as one I was permitted to handle ! I , love those dogs . Spent some much needed time brushing a few of the dogs . Got to see one dog go to his fur-ever home . Yeah , man . That's the good stuff . 
