i have rediscovered my flute addiction ! 

thinking of a bubble bath and some wine ...... ugh , no wine ! 
just shut up and let me go , hey ! 
please keep praying for my friend's little girl , < PROPFEMALE > . They still have no definite diagnosis . They are testing for metabolic disorders and then lukemia . please also pray that < PROPFEMALE > ( her mommy ) is able to seek God in all of this . 
my comfort would prefer for me to be numb and avoid the impending birth of who i was born to become 
fingers hurt from playing my guitar . been way too long ! 
so excited that i get to do something fun tomorrow night ! 
it was a fun weekend . let's make it a great week ! happy monday everyone ! 
I am really grateful for the people in my life that really know me . 
had such a fun weekend . friends , family , love , and sun . who could ask for more ? 
having another blizzard to sweeten up the week . 
i still believe in summer days , the seasons always change , and life will find a way ( winter song ) 
is excited to go and visit an old friend in Conroe ! 
Heading to Lake Conroe in a couple of ours for some very missed friends and some fun ! And remember , FREEDOM ISN'T FREE !!! 
lower temps tomorrow !!! yay ! plan to take advantage of that and knock out a lot of visits ! 
I really miss my wonderful , beautiful sister-in-law ! 
i discovered that it's really hard to do cardio with a pounding headache . maybe tomorrow :) 
\each new day again i'll choose \"" 
looking for some motivation to get to the gym today . can't seem to find it . 
nice , productive day . got the baby to bed now for some more work then some sweet guitar time ! 
i just saw a report of texting teens suffering from thumb numbness . wow . it's called TTT , texting teen tendonitis !!! 
\You have long pursued my wandering heart \"" 
Adalie is chasing the dog around trying to put her sunglasses on him . super cute ! 
\lies always fail in the end\ " < PROPFIRST > Needham - Tossed By The Wind " 
what doesn't kiil you makes you stronger . why do people say that ? i'm not buying it . 
it is beyond sad how this LIAR laughs in the face of our heritage and our constitution and there are still prideful and/or ignorant Americans that still do not see him for what he is !!!!!! I do not consider myself to be super intelligent but even I saw w 
they call you amazing , i just call you mine :) 
cirque du soleil was SO AMAZING !!!! i am so amazed at what the human body is capable of ! 
I should really not be watching Hannity right now . FUMING !!! 
really , why are the 80s coming back ? it was bad then and it's bad now .... 
Adalie just said \car bye bye \"!!" 
Suffering from post-partisian depression ? Call 1-800-i-told-u-so ! 
\It's 5 o'clock somewhere\ " - < PROPMALE > " 
did i really just see a clip of the president ( gag ) of the US having happy hour ? seriously , what message is he trying to send ? it was not only tacky to do this in the first place , but then to make it a photo op ???? 
had one of those days that you just want to write about it was so good ! 
another great day ! got some work to do now , though :( 
I love my Master , I will not go free ! 
hey < PROPMALE > , happy birthday .... how bout you show us the birth certificate now ? 
can this day be over , please !! 
today was a great day ! productive work day and i had time for the gym ! :) 
oh , and it is date night , woo hoo ! 
I haven't had a DP in like 8 years . yum !!! 
I love doing reports using WiFi at BWW !!! 
Adalie just did a tumble ! On her own ! 
what should we call the House of Representatives since they no longer represent the people they were elected to serve ? 
i saw a woman smoking in her beautiful bentley today . i wanted to slap her !!! 
chilling with the padres tonight 
Love Lockdown 
caught Adalie \counting\ " her fingers in the backseat yesterday . what a cutie ! " 
so thankful that i can hear His voice . 
I didn't eat all of my dinner and I still get to eat cookies . Sometimes being a grownup is kinda cool :) 
is happy 
put down your world just for one night , pick me again ~ SHS 
I am really looking forward to church in the morning ! 
watching my hubby take his birthday nap :) 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > MCBRIDE !!!! 
Happy National Macadamia Nut Day !! 
just did the math and realized its been 12 years !!! i mean , i knew it was that long but i hadn't said it out loud ! ( graduated highschool ) CRAP ! 
is bummed 
watching ufc knockouts with my hubby . whoa . 
Even to your old age and gray hairs I am He , I am He who will sustain you . I have made you and I will < PROPFEMALE > you ; I will sustain you and I will rescue you . - < PROPMALE > 46:4 Good to hear with my 30th just a few days away ! 
“Now , we have inscribed a new memory alongside those others . It’s a memory of tragedy and shock , of loss and mourning . But not only of loss and mourning . It’s also a memory of bravery and self-sacrifice , and the love that lays down its life for a friend–even a friend whose name it never knew . “ - President < PROPFIRST > W . Bush , December 11 , 2001 
< PROPFIRST > O'Keefe , thank you ! 
well , i really tried to stop it , but it looks like it is coming anyway :( turning the big 3-0 in 3 days . just scheduled my facial and haircut to pamper myself a little . 
Friends and family , thank you all SO MUCH for all the sweet birthday wishes . You've made me feel special today ! It was a great one and I've decided that since this is a milestone , I will continue to celebrate it throughout the week =D 
has 80's mania !! 
Just learned how strong I am ! The gym is really paying off !! 
Had the most amazing birthday party EVER ! Thank you so much to everyone who came . You all made the night a blast !!! 
So sad that my birthday week is over . It was so much fun !!! Gotta wait till I turn 30 again next year to do it again !! 
Adalie was in the crankiest mood this evening ! Such a handful ! Then , when I put her to bed , I hear , \lohl you\ " ( love you ) . SO WORTH IT !!! " 
took a full sippy cup of milk to the < PROPFEMALE > from 3 feet away last night . It still hurts !!! 
hanging at Starbucks working and waiting for my spanish class to start 
having a crappy evening and wouldn't mind some retail therapy at this very moment 
these wrinkles on my forehead are getting deeper 
Just spent the last 2 hours outside with my < PROPFEMALE > Bou and Hubby , sidewalk chalk , swinging , loud music and dancing ! We had a blast !! Time for lunch , bath , nap , then a birthday party !! 
gonng give my stubborn stores another kick in the rear so they can win some money !! why anyone wouldn't want free money is a mystery to me !!! 
Therefore everyone who hears these words of mine and PUTS THEM INTO PRACTICE is like a wise man who built his house on the rock . The rain came down , the streams < PROPFEMALE > , and the winds blew and beat against that house ; yet it did not fall , because it had its foundation on the rock . < PROPFIRST > 7:24 -25 
i can always seem to find SO MANY distractions when i'm trying to do reports !!!!! 
Just found my old HS band director on facebook ! Yes , I know I'm a band geek for being excited about it , but I'm proud to be one !!! :D 
I probably shouldn't confess this , but I'm actually watching QVC tonight . < PROPFEMALE > Simpson's designs are being featured and I love her style !! 
so , if you're ever in the waiting room at your child's doctor's office , and you see a book called ' Kangaroo Stew ' , my advice would be to not read it to your child . I was reading it to Adalie yesterday until we got to a < PROPFEMALE > that caused me to close it . The illustration was the little sister holding a long knife , and the little brother said \now its time to chop up the kangaroo \"!" 
More than the face , more than the girl , more than the voice , more than the world , I want the TRUTH that I believe to be the definition of me ~ Mandisa 
a cool evening , bottle of wine , and Grey's Anatomy . what more does a girl need ? 
another 5 o'clock morning coming in 7 hours . i'm already sleep dificient . 
It's been another long week . Looking forward to my weekend , all 1 day of it , and then 6 days in Mexico !! 
\Elf\ " is the best Christmas movie ever ! " 
\Ribbit \"" 
distance and time 
I might not be a singer , or a business owner , but I'm still greater than you ! 
what a day 
Estancia Sauvignon Blanc is great ! 
Ladies , I am in need of a formal gown for < PROPFIRST > 23rd but I don't want to buy one . Can anyone help ? 
wrapping up at the office so i can go get my Addie-Bou ! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree . 
Hey , < PROPMALE > ! Is all of your sarcasm really necessary ? How pompous can you be ???? 
Really , its like he's trying to perform a roast ! Comedian or President ???? 
Easter , Birthday , and Spring pictures for Adalie this evening . I will post them as soon as I can so stay tuned ! 
Anyone know someone that can make beautiful cakes ? 
sitting outside doing some quotes for work . such a gorgeous day ! 
if we're not a Christian nation , then why does our federal government get 2 weeks off for Easter ? 
At this hour , two years ago , we were awaiting the arrival of our sweet Adalie . And now I get to hold her in my arms whenever I want ! 
Got a bo-bo at schoold so we had to put a \band-abe\ " on her finger ! I love it ! " 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
bout to go play in the sun and sandbox with my Adalie ! 
think it is time to jump outta the hamster wheel ... 
looking forward to the gun range tomorrow ! 
In the time of chimpanzees I was a monkey 
< PROPFIRST > Valdez , I think I love you 
has a stress induced tummy ache :( 
Ignorance is your new best friend 
Is apathy really such a bad thing ? 
Having a garage sale on saturday . Selling a LOT of stuff !!!!! 
What . A . Day !!! We made 650 and still have another day to go ! Woo hoo ! 
Like my shoes or my closet ??? Need baby toys or clothes ? Come by for < PROPFIRST > and adalie's closet sale and find your treasure !!! 
alarm clock is gonna go off at 4:30 . why am i not asleep ?!? 
Today , I am a gofer . 
Verrrrryyyyyy long SPUD mtg .... so bored ! 
Hell week is almost over !!! 
Drinking my Estancia Sauvignon Blanc out of my \Shoe Diva\ " wine glass .... pure bliss ! " 
I'm wearing a real mexican pancho !!! 
I've died and gone to fun heaven ! 
Had a blast on the course yesterday , but this morning came SO early ! I'm dragging ! 
Anyone know of a farmers ' market near league city ? 
So excited about womens ' retreat tomorrow ! 
Me encanta Bogota !!!!! 
Search me , O God , and know my heart ; test me and know my anxious thoughts . Point out anything in me that offends you , and lead me along the path of everlasting life . Psalm 139:23 -24 
Got our < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tix !! Do you have yours ? :D 
Okay Sooners , show those Aggies how its done ! 
Seriously Sooners ???? 
I am having a very sad moment right now . aTm just took the Sooners ?????? What an odd season this has been ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Pelosi is kinda like gum stuck to the bottom of your shoe . You can't ever seem to completely get rid of it . 
Watching the Bush interview with < PROPMALE > Lauer . Can't wait to hear what follows \let's talk about water boarding \"!" 
Does anyone have any wonderful family Christmas traditions ? I want to begin something special for my new(ish ) little family and I need some ideas ! 
Just finished chapter 1 of Decision Points . Great book so far ! 
Today has just been one of those days .... feeling super blessed today :D 
I miss coffee :( 
My dearest Oreos , its been fun , but I'm afraid its over between us . 
Going to eat yummy Luby's with my girls tonight ! 
heads up , the po pos are everywhere today ! watch your speed ! 
omgosh I want sweets !!!! 
enjoying the fam and eating too much divinity ! 
there are so many reasons that I'm insane right now !!!! 
watching Elf ... only the best Christmas movie EVER !!! 
I am so blessed to be spending time with 3 of my favorite girls right now ! wish you were here , < PROPFEMALE > !! 
legs are a little sore from all the walking yesterday in my Sketcher Shapeups . awesome !! 
Adalie's elf , Jovi , came this morning ! She drank Adalie's chocolate milk because she was very thirsty ! 
okay moms , the behavior chart works like magic !...... so far ;) 
Jovi , the elf , was found in our pantry this morning trying to get into the chips . I wonder what fun she will get into tonight ! 
jovi , the elf , played in the toilet paper last night and got herself all tangled up in it ! 
happy December ! I think Christmas music is officially appropriate now :) 
had a wonderful day ! Adalie spent almost all day on the top of her chart , I successfully did a quote and well drawing and even made it to the gym ( thanks to sis ! ) !! 
Jovi , the elf , was discovered in our freezer this morning . I guess she got a little homesick . 
Adalie put Jovi in time out for the \snowball\ " mess she made last night ! " 
I think it is so lame that I live within walking distance of a wine bar but have never been to it :/ 
I still have a huge smile from what Adalie said to me yesterday :D 
Sprite . 
Super excited for the Big 12 Championship game tonight . Lets go Sooners !!!! 
losing my voice :( 
BOOMER !!!! 
big 12 champs !!!!!!!!!!!! 
STILL waiting for my little person to go to sleep !!! 
I hope my munchkin goes to sleep sooner than 11 tonight . I would sure love some quiet time to unwind for once ! 
Seems fun enough .... send me a message with a number between 1 and 400 and I will post what I think of you :) 
1 : I think you have a heart of gold and you are an incredible mommy ! You deserve better than you think you do . And I am grateful that my sister has you in her life . I love you ! 
44 : First of all , I wish you saw yourself like I do . Your self-esteem doesn't match your potential . You are strong , smart , loyal , sexy and funny . I sometimes think that your decisions are based on what you feel you deserve , but sweetie , you deserve so much more ! 
44 continued : On another note , I have you to thank for so many times you pulled me out of my shell ! What would I do without you being my voice when I'm not strong enough ? You are stronger than me , always have been ; and I admire that about you . I love how you have a silly , crazy side . I love how you are real . There are so many things about you that I wish I could be . And I LOVE YOU !! 
#5 , SS: I think you are strong . You think you design this illusion of strength in order to protect yourself , but sweetie , you really are that strong . You are strong enough to handle people disappointing you , which those closest to you will inevitably do . You are beautiful , fun , sassy , stylish , talented , so very intelligent , and one of the best mommies I know . 
355 : One of the VERY few people on this earth who gets me , and that's saying a lot !! You are resiliant . You have handled life’s hardships with a grace that not many could muster . You are a wonderful example to your “banana” . You are teaching her how to be a strong , confident and moral woman . I have always looked up to you . You are my forever friend . AND , \stop looking at me swan !!! \"" 
made a doc appt poor < PROPFEMALE > bou . i hate when she is sick :( 
Since botox is so expensive , I decided this morning to take some scissors to my hair and cut some bangs . Not so sure it was the best idea . I got some weird looks from my family tonight :/ 
Hoping to wake up in the morning to groundhog day . This has been such a slow , peaceful morning ! 
beautiful music service this morning . I love my new church home !! 
jeggings and ankle boots ... oh yeah , i rocked them tonight ! 
anyone know where I could bring kids coats for donation ? 
just passed a fatal accident ... motorcyclists , please be safe out there , and other drivers , please respect the space of motorcyclists . 
GOD IS SO GOOD !!! 
not having an ez tag sucks ! 
warm gloves and ski goggles : $165 . Sight and warmth on the slopes , I guess priceless :/ Why is it so expensive to dress warm ?? 
I'm getting too old for this ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s quote of the day , \I stopped at < PROPMALE > e Cheese to get candles on the way here \"!" 
god bless the HOV < PROPFIRST > !!! 
just met the coolest salvation army lady ever ! she said this beautiful prayer over Adalie , that she would thirst for Jesus all the days of her life ! Amen ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , all I want for Christmas is some cooler temperatures in < PROPMALE > . Thank you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and God Bless ! 
at the doctor with < PROPFEMALE > Bou .... two oozing ears and a fever :( 
need some great song suggestions to download for the slopes ! 
just caught Adalie hiding under a blanket eating starbursts . where do the learn this sneaky stuff at such a young age ?? 
its Winter Park , CO day !!! 
Skied < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and the bowl today ... no falls !! 
I was just called a Jesus Freak , sweet !!!!!!! 
Bout to pass out . Ggggreat day on the slopes ! Blue/Blacks , caught some air , skied the bowl twice . Still in one piece ! Success ! 
My instructor says I'm doing the halfpipe tomorrow ! Sweetness ! ..... and p.s. I love my daddy ! 
wind chill at the top of the mountain : -50 degrees ! lifts closed :( too cold for fun today . 
today is very sadly our final day in WP . I will miss the snow , the slopes , and new friends . :( 
every time I return from CO I wonder why the heck I live in this muggy city :( 
happy new congress day ! 
sun roof motor went out . so glad its < PROPFEMALE > and cool outside ! I'd be leaving it open anyways ! 
so , I'm thinking about hitting the skate park tomorrow with the new rollerblades . I guess my new year's resolution is to reawaken my sense of adventure ! 
guess this one's over for da Saints :/ 
I have a bunch of 24mo/2T little girl's clothes to give away . They are spring/summer clothes . Anyone interested ? 
threw away a Bratz dvd today . I'm mostly likely going to offend someone , but who let's their little girl watch that trash ?! 
yay ! at the dealership getting my car back ! 
playing games with my Bou Bear this morning :) 
Gal 1:4 Jesus gave his life for our sins , just as God our Father planned , in order to rescue us from this evil world in which we live . 5 All < PROPFEMALE > to God forever and ever ! Amen . 
leaving for Bogota in 3 days ! 
Bogota in 24 ! 
hasta luego amigos ! 
Glad to be back home with my family . Sweet Bogota , I will miss you ! 
Seriously , what's up with this rush hour traffic when its not rush hour ? I'm going to miss my appointment ! Grrr ! 
Well , 7 car pileup explains it all ..... 
My daughter just used the word \cooperating\ " !!! I'm so proud ! " 
not being a very patient mommy today . Adalie really woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning ! 
I am so proud of my Daddy for finishing the < PROPMALE > Marathon today !!! 
sad that < PROPMALE > didn't play Grace . But it was still an amazing concert and beautiful worship ! 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad ...... 
So what's the deal with the power outages ? Apparently it happened to everyone ! 
my daughter has officially learned to roll her eyes . lovely ! 
I love my church and church family ! ( second baptist cypress ) 
i am so proud of my Adalie right now ! she is shocking me with her letter recognition and knowing words that start with each letter ! yay !! 
I can't wait till Adalie has a cellphone so I can text ' I love you ' to her during the day . I just miss her so much sometimes ! 
God EXCELS at bringing life from death ! If there is any part of you or your life suffering in death , His SPECIALTY is RESURRECTION !! 
the best part of waking up is < PROPFIRST > valdez in my cup :D 
why can't I seem to eat enough chocolate ??? 
I think it is so funny how Adalie says \got-for\ " instead of forgot ! " 
its < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > day !!!!!!!!! 
heading to House of Blues ! yay , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! 
so mad at myself for missing church :/ 
so Adalie's teachers keep having \talks\ " with me because she is not listening or following directions at school . what do I do ? " 
Adalie : \God made me for His < PROPFEMALE >\" ( mommy : how to we give Him < PROPFEMALE >?) \ " by loving Him and obeying His commands\ " ! -Adalie and Mommy dialogue this morning :) I am so proud !!! " 
\peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat ! \ " -Adalie " 
its already getting too hot outside for my taste :/ 
estoy enamorada <3 
we have a sick baby today ... mystery fever :( 
so Adalie's fever is from her MMR vaccine two weeks ago ! 
had a great time with Adalie at the zoo today ! 
just performed my first stuffed animal stitches procedure as a mommy . Adalie was so surprised that I fixed her \comfy bear \"!!" 
so I'm trying to explain to my 3 year old how the sun never goes to sleep , but the earth spins ... the whole bit . think it went over her head : 8 
I <3 coffee 
day two : no sweets 
who can make a super cute Strawberry Shortcake cake for my daughter's bday party on the 19th ? 
Bluewater Seafood : gonna eat me some crawfish . woo hoo !! 
if you're heading to the < PROPFIRST > Center this morning , you're in for a real treat ! < PROPFEMALE > haw !!! 
hoping to shows these boys up at American Shooting Center today ! 
So I won a ParaOrdnance 1911 . 45 today . Anyone know anything about this model ? 
has a hot date tonight ! 
its < PROPFEMALE > McBride day !! 
rule #1 for carnival rides . watch it before you ride it . spent about 5 mins upside down and wasn't expecting that at all !! 
throat hurts from singing along with my girl < PROPFEMALE > . she was amazing !! 
trutrisports.com . check it out ! 
how ironic is it that i can't find my eyeglasses because i can't see ? psycho < PROPFIRST > would probably call that \a cool feeling \"." 
whew , what a long day . it will be a late night too :( 
gotta sick little girl on my hands tonight :( 
mommy lesson learned today ; when you have a child with a stomach bug , make sure the washer stays empty and ready ! 
its 2am and my 3 year old is WIDE awake making pretend \smoovies\ " . lol and yawn ! I'm sleepy !! " 
My sweet little girl turned 3 at 10:11 am this morning . How these 3 years have flown by ! She has made me such a proud and happy mommy and I couldn't ( and wouldn't want to ) imagine my life without her . I love you sweet Bou Bear ! Happy 3rd Birthday !!! 
Adalie wants \scribbled eggs\ " for dinner . Tee < PROPFEMALE >!" 
my clothes don't fit anymore ! ugh !!!! 
wheat grass , bleh !! 
adalie thinks that every female jazz singer on the radio is < PROPFEMALE > . this is working in my favor :D 
yay ! I have a skate date later !! 
For it has been granted to you on behalf of Christ not only to believe in him , but also to suffer for him < PROPMALE > 1:29 
I have decided on some cleaning therapy . much cheaper than retail therapy !! 
yay ! yoga for lunch today !! 
So now Obamanos wants to increase domestic oil production . All I can do is laugh . No words . 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s half baked froyo .... winning ! 
so what , is Grey's trying to get a piece of the Glee pie ? not diggin . 
I love the smell of gun powder in the morning ! 
63 out of 100 . need some practice :/ 
I < PROPFIRST > 3:21 \ 
This is a symbol of baptism , which now saves you also - not the removal of dirt from the body , but the answer of a good conscience toward God , it saves you by the resurrection of Jesus Christ . 
Eating clean tonight : Broiled salmon , brown rice and salad with fat free dressing . 
had drop sets for lunch . now I can't walk ! 
can't move very well today thanks to the great routine I found on bodybuilding.com . today , triceps and shoulders . 
I think Target is like a drug ! 
if you'll be in the Conroe area next Friday evening , I'll being sing some good country music at the Conroe Cookoff ! 
goodbye my lovely outside sales days . I hope we meet again real soon :( 
so thankful for my church family ! they are such a blessing ! 
can we repo the white house ? 
What songs ( current and throw back ) do you like to dance to ? I need some suggestions because I am helping out a DJ tomorrow night ! 
Hey Friends ! Don't forget to come by the Conroe Cookoff this evening ! I will be singing with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Lake in the SFB booth ! 
great leg day today . I'm on a mission ! 
managed to make it to the gym for lunch today . went back to the office a bit smelly , but a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do ! 
soooo , i accidentally pulled all of my eyelashes out when curling them . my hand slipped !! anyone know of a semi-permanent solution ? please help ! 
If your Dad was a hard-working man , is and always will be your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were , or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD , or if he is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in your life , but you can NEVER replace your DAD . I 
I love my Ashe 
love zumba for wii !! its actually a decent at-home workout ! 
Christ is RISEN !! let's celebrate !!! 
The Easter holiday is over , but everyday should be EASTER !! He Lives ! \ 
Colossians 1:27 -28\ 
To them God has chosen to make known among the Gentiles the glorious riches of this mystery , which is Christ in you , the hope of < PROPFEMALE > . He is the one we proclaim , admonishing and teaching everyone with all wisdom , so that we may present everyone fully mature in Christ . 
ugh , its cardio day . grrrr 
wow , the < PROPFIRST > is arrogant ! 
why do they look so serious saying their vows ? why aren't they smiling ? 
Is it crazy that I just want to sing \Zippity Doo Dah\ " today ? It is SO beautiful ! " 
I was just called ma'am by a high-schooler . ouch ! 
Grrrrreat leg workout today ! Hopefully I'll make it tomorrow to work on my guns , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
A giant THANK YOU to our American heros , the US Military . 
um , is it May ? 
its ZUMBA time !!! 
can't sleep . important meeting tomorrow and WAY behind on my packing . I'm stressin ! 
So Tues I lost my debit card and yesterday I lost my I.d. This ADD business gets so old sometimes . 
I don't typically agree with < PROPMALE > , well , let's face it , I NEVER have . but I can only commend him for the sensitivity and compassion he's shown over the past few days . 
thank you , Hubby , for coming through on the fridge situation ! one less thing to stress about ! 
I just love Starbucks ' baristas . they're always so peppy ! 
Juanes makes packing a little fun ! packing AND dancing ! :D 
is it sad that I view a late night trip to the grocery store for milk as a moment to myself , lol ? 
a mother's day I will never forget : Adalie got 6 stitches this morning . she is doing really well , so no need to worry :) 
Adalie is doing really well . She's being her silly , active self already , and we're trying to slow her down ! Thank you all for your calls and texts ! 
I think it was kind of cruel for sirius to mix all of the stations up like they did last week . I can't find my favs now without checking online ... which I cannot do in my car ! 
Think I have a date with Juanes , packing tape and cardboard boxes tonight ! 
I would LOVE to go to sleep right now ! 
dude , $11 for 2 cups of coffee . really ?? 
Anyone out there ever hire professional movers ? Just want to know what to expect . Do they move everything , or just stuff packed in boxes ( floor lamps , large toys , etc) ? 
today is the big day ! 
okay , this is weird , but listening to Rush makes me want Chick-fil-a . sup wit dat ?? 
hiring movers is a bit like flying first class . I feel so spoiled !! 
in the spirit of doing whatever it takes to meet my new neighbors , I tapped the bumper of a nice couple about a mile from the neighborhood ! 
wow , its going to be some amazing worship today ! come love on our amazing God at Second Cypress ! 
I hate golf 
lunchtime legs .. get it get it !! 
Zumba this evening at 24 Hr Cypress ! 
any ladies care to join me at 24 for some zumba this evening ? 
~ I want a love like < PROPFIRST > and June ~ 
Love this one !! \ 
May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had , so that with one mind and one voice you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ . Romans 15:5 -6 
Comal bound ! its going to be a wonderful weekend ! 
to my yankee family , errr I mean < PROPFIRST > and Oklahoma fam , please update on your situation ! xoxo ! 
earache pain keeping adalie awake . any ideas to help her sleep ? 
stress level is high this week !!! 
no time to go to the grocery store , but I'm carving time out for Zumba today . yay ! 
I do so well on my \diet\ " all day and then often crash and burn at the end of the day . why do I do this to myself ! " 
I need a pediatrician in the cypress area . any recommendations ? 
oh how I love Zumba Wednesdays !! 
looking forward to an evening with wine and my guitar . its been too long !! 
I ordered my Gymboss interval timer today . I hope to dig up the motivation to do some hardcore interval training once it arrives !! 
I don't want the whole world , I just want you to be willing to give it to me . 
feels like a KOL kinda day 
< PROPFIRST > Legend/Sade july 23in Htown . who's in ? 
another Zumba convert in the bag ! Can't wait till wed , < PROPFEMALE > !! 
watching Secrets of the Founding Fathers on the History Channel . Sweet !! 
FINALLY watching The Social Network .... really cool opening scene :) 
20 days till I'm Zumba certified !!! 
\a clean diet accounts for 80 % of fat loss\ " ~ Oxygen Mag . " 
looking at tool drawings and wishing I knew what I was looking at !! 
“He who walks with wise men will be wise , but the companion of fools will be destroyed . ” ( Proverbs 13:20 ) 
The new Incubus album is awesome !! 
I love my daddy < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
I rode a Tri bike for the first time today . At mile 13 , I ran into a pole = 2 bruised and swollen knees and a swollen hand . All in all , it totally could have been much worse !! 
“ < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Satan has asked to sift all of you as wheat . But I have prayed for you , < PROPMALE > , that your faith may not fail . And when you have turned back , strengthen your brothers . ” < PROPMALE > 22:31 -32 
12 days till Zumba certification !! Yay !!! 
I adore you , sister in Christ Kassilia Noweaponformed < PROPMALE > ! Thank you so much for the blessing that you are . It is a true gift to have friends that love God as you do <3 
I need a workout ( free weights ) partner in the Cypress area . Any of you girlies in ?? 
65 oz H2O down . I feel like I just ate Thanksgiving dinner . 
What a day ..... 
Sitting on the porch with Adalie watching the storm come in . This day got SO much better ! 
Day 4 of my water guzzling . I found myself craving H2O when I woke up ! A new habit is formed :) 
God bless honest people !!! This lady found my wallet and has been all over town trying to find a way to get it back to me ! Makes me wanna cry ! 
She also said she doesn't want any reward , just wants to do the right thing . I seriously think that I'm giving her whatever cash is in there ! 
I just met with the angel that found my wallet and held onto it for nearly a week ! Not only was everything still accounted for , she would not accept a reward . Turns out , she is part of the < PROPFIRST > Center crew that takes care of the place on Sunday mornings when I'm there . Small world ! God is SO GOOD !!! 
Today has a positively fantastic day ! I hope all of my loved ones feel as blessed as I do ! 
Muddy Waters , < PROPFEMALE > roof open , crisp cool air = perfect morning commute . I'm a happy girl ! 
Adalie woke up at 4 this morning to tell me that her and grandpa were playing with cuddly monkeys . 
I am attempting to organize some followup items from Outlook using Microsoft OneNote . Does anyone have any tips and/or suggestions ? I'm not too sure what I'm doing . 
Heading to my first Zumba Jam Session at Studio Tropa tonight ! I can't wait !! 
I should have eaten today :\\ 
Ouch . My body is aching . But back at it again tonight ! ZUMBA !!! 
Is there such thing as a Zumba hangover ? Oh , yes there certainly is ! 
Who's watching the debate tonight ? 
LADY A NEW ALBUM !!!! OWN THE NIGHT ! 
Wow , I feel so loved and blessed this morning ! Thank you all for the sweet birthday messages ! 
Thank you again to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
\Assumptions are the termites of relationships . \ " ~ Henry Winkler " 
Watching the GOP debate . I love this stuff ! 
Been going 90mph all day , but I love this pace ! 
WOW ! \ 
1 Corinthians 2:14 \ 
The person without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God but considers them foolishness , and cannot understand them because they are discerned only through the Spirit . 
From mom , \Bill < PROPFIRST > just finished his race ( Half Ironman ) . Not feeling too well but trying to recover enough to ride his bike 3 < PROPMALE > to the hotel\ " . I am so proud of you Dad !!! " 
I'm looking for some OU fans to watch the game with this weekend !!! 
My mom surprised me for my birthday with < PROPFEMALE > tix . The remaining dates for her tour were just cancelled . Giant sad face !! 
< PROPMALE > 55:10 -11\ 
As the rain and the snow come down from heaven , and do not return to it without watering the earth and making it < PROPMALE > and flourish , so that it yields seed for the sower and bread for the eater , so is my word that goes from my mouth . It will not return to me empty , but will accomplish what I < PROPFEMALE > and achieve the purpose for which I sent it . 
I left Adalie in her bathroom to brush her teeth . She's in there singing Beiber and watching herself dance in the mirror ! 
I've been a little more consistent in the gym over the last few weeks . Finally beginning to recognize my body again ! So relieved ! 
My daughter has a licking problem . At least she's not a biter ! Lol ! 
Psalm 27:14 \ 
Wait for the LORD ; be strong and take heart and wait for the LORD . 
Exactly what I needed to hear from God today ! \ 
PSALM 27\ 
2 When the wicked advance against me \ 
to devour me , \ 
it is my enemies and my foes \ 
who will stumble and fall . \ 
3 Though an army besiege me , \ 
my heart will not fear ; \ 
though war break out against me , \ 
even then I will be confident . 
Watching the Western GOP Debate . Its getting intense ! <3 it ! 
REALLY need to go to bed , but I can't stop watching this OU game ! 
Need to muster some energy from somewhere . Lots of cleaning and packing to do ! 
Still trying to give away Adalie's last year's Halloween costumes . See pictures on my profile and inbox me if interested . 
