Drunk is all I can say . Happy new year 

Hate what the Dr. told me today .... 
life SUCKS !!! 
I swear what is up with the girl that says she my friends then turns around and tells my ex the one iI still love that something happened between me and her EX then sleeps with him to get back at me ! 
I hope this guy I met is really as nice as he seems ..... maybe I can finally have one decent relationship in my life . \I'm hopin ' I'm waitin ' I'm prayin ' I met the One . \"" 
I don't know what to do I'm in love with a guy that is already in a relationship and he's 17 years older than me !!! : ( 
Getting my priorities straight ! I have to jobs College and a 69 Chevy < PROPFEMALE > I'm restoring ! Life cannot be any better ! 
Sometimes I don't understand anything about my life ... I seriously thought this guy was interested in me and now he's completely ignoring me . Now I understand why I stay Depressed all the time . I guess getting a 4th job would be good for me ... 
Deliberated a 4th job ... I can work myself to Death ! Won't have to worry bout anything else in life ... just getting to work on time and getting enough sleep ... lol like my 5 hours a night is enough anyway ! 
Finally woke up I crashed from lack of sleep 
Got another job ! Good money now because I just got job number 4 !!!! 
Just finished my Algebra homework for College ... so not fun 
I can't wait until this summer ... Taking my Criminal Justice courses . Watch out ! Of course Bikini season as well ... 
Love is irrational , I reminded myself . The more you loved someone , the less sense anything made . 
Everyone that has been involved in all of this DRAMA ! Stop this shows up on my < PROPFEMALE > . Yoou know who you are ...! I'm NOT putting up with this 
Nothing hurts more than being friends with someone , knowing you are both in love with each other , and yet not being able to be together . 
I've built a wall not to block anyone out , but to see who loves me enough to climb over it . 
Soul Fire ... His word is like a fire shut up in my bones ! 
College is going to kill me I don't know if I'm going to find time to sleep with all my homework ... maybe it wasn't a good idea to take History and Government at the same time . WAYYYYYYYYYY TOOOOOOO MUCHHHH HOMEWORKKKK !!!!!!!! 
so glad I met a guy worht dating ... finally a decent relationship in my like hope this works out !... well I know it will !!!!! 
is it possible to care so much for someone you hardly know ?? 
Life is like a hourglass ..., eventually , everything hits the bottom and all you have to do is wait it out until someone comes along and turns it around . 
Love is as must of an object as an obsession , everybody wants it , everybody seeks it , but few will ever acheive it , those who do will < PROPFEMALE > it , be lost in it , and among all , never ... never forget it . 
MY FLOWERS ARE GETTIN PUMBLED ! 
Im scared I dont like thunder and lightning 
My baby wrote me a song i can't wait to hear it !! 
I want a love like < PROPFIRST > and June , Rings of fire burin ' with you , I wanna walk the line , walk the line , ' Till the end of time , I wanna love , Love you that much , Cash it all in , Give it all up , when you're gone , I wanna go too , Like < PROPFIRST > and June 
Realize what's important in your life , what you can live with , but most importantly , what you can't live without . < PROPFEMALE > that's you 
I strongly dislike waiting for my Bf to log on 
done with my homework for the day !!! Spending the day with my bf Jr. and his family tomorrow taking < PROPFEMALE > with me ! 
Swept me off my feet !!! Literally fell on my butt when he kissed me ... lol 
Wow I feel so sorry for any girl that messes with my man ! Because I can make anything look like a accident !! 
Whenever you feel a warm breeze brush against you , that's the kiss I blew to you . 
Can I ever get a break my Insurance Company is retarded ! 
You begin to like someone when you learn what makes them laugh , you cannot truely love until you know what makes them cry . 
Every man is afraid of something . That's how you know he's in love with you ; when he's afraid of losing you . 
Ways To Get To A Girls Heart -- Hug her from behind . Grab her hand when you guys walk next to each other . When standing , wrap your arms around her . Cuddle with her . Dont force her to do ANYTHING ! 6 . Write little notes . Compliment her . When you hug her , hold her in your arms as long as possible . Say I love you ..... and MEAN IT ! Brush the hair out of her eyes . Comfort her when she cries . Love her with all your heart . 
Jr. , if I could give you one thing in life , I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes , only then would you realize how special you are to me ... 
Got off work at 3 ... sitting here bored as ever , and missing my boyfriend so much it hurts . 
Taking Vitamins like crazy because I miss my long hair ! 
FOOOOD Finally ! Plus it cooled down ! 
What I have with him is worth it . It is worth every lonely night , every tear I cry from missing him , and the pain I feel from not having him close . It is worth it because he is my one and only . When I picture myself years from now , I see only him . No matter how painful distance can be , not having him in my life would be worse . 
Just got home from work it's raining bad !! Talking to my < PROPFEMALE > so my day is better ! 
Just finished my chapter 10 Quiz for Government .... Never going to listen to my Grandma again ! Told me not to us my book and I failed horribly !!! 
Today I begin to understand what love must be , for it exists .... When we are parted , we each feel the lack of the other half of ourselves . We are incomplete like a book in two volumes of which the first has been lost . That is what I imagine love to be : incompleteness in absence . 
My car is finally CLEAN ... and detailed ! Cleaned it out and filled a 13 gallon trash bag with trash ... lol . Never been that bad before !! 
IM my < PROPFEMALE > for awhile ... he just logged off and I'm already crying because I miss him so much it's all i can do ! 
When your looking for your Mr. Right you will never find him but when you least expect it he will be knocking on your door . 
Just got ready for work now it's off to the Dairy Bar to have breakfast with my poppy then work from 9:30 - 3:00 . Then to the fire work stand ! And homework on top of all that ! Missing my < PROPFEMALE > can't wait to see him ! 
Bro < PROPFIRST > jumped in the < PROPFEMALE > River but he landed in Heaven . 
If I never met you , I wouldn't like you . If I didn't like you , I wouldn't love you . If I didn't love you , I wouldn't miss you . But I did , I do , and I will . 
If only If only ..... College has to be first ! I'm letting my family down ... Need to get my priorities straight !!!! 
Just finished cleaning my house .... and may I say my arm and hands hurt . Can't wait for my Birthday to get here . It's going to be at Quitman City Pool , bringing Beef from Texas BBQ Corral ..... let me know if you wanna come ..... 
Love my Boyfriend more and more everyday .... Everyone keeps telling me you only fall in love truely one time but I don't believe them I fall in love everytime I see him ... <3 <3 
Love my boyfriend so much !!!! Had such a good time .... found out I'm horrible at Bowling but the Double Date was soooooo much fun . Love you Jr. !! 
If you are talking behind my back , you're in a good position to kiss my a** !!! 
Soulfire tonight .... so EXCITED !!! 
I guess he doesn't understand ... when I said that I loved him I ment unconditionally . No matter what that will never change . 
It'ss Saturday and I woke up at 6:30 am ..... Get to work a 12 hours shift today ! I'm really glad I don't start working my 2nd job until August 1st ..... Man I tired !!!! 
Tired of waiting !!! About to say forget it and go fishing ! 
wish I could see him and be in his arms right now , it's the one place I always want to be . Miss you < PROPFEMALE > Love you and I can't wait to see you again 
Been charging my phone all night yet it has no battery power .... why must my dog chew on the charger all the time .!? 
Can't wait to get my new phone !! I can get it August 25th ! Droid Ally is mine !!! Yeah ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > hope you have a GREAT day ! You deserve it !!! 
Almost August ! Can't wait until my birthday !! 
Work tomorrow at the church then I get to rest then birthday party Monday !!! 19 is finally here ! 
I'm the girl that your ex will hate , The girl your Mom will love , And the girl you'll never forget 
Missing my < PROPFEMALE > wish I could talk to him . Might suprise him tomorrow .... 
So Proud Of My < PROPFEMALE > !!! Can't wait to Hear About his FIRST day on the job ! 
Stressed beyond belief world is spinning round like crazy , only thing holding me up is my wonderful Fiance . Don't want to imagine my world without him . 
Finally got my new phone now time to figure it out . 
Ready to start the day ! Can't wait for the end so I can see my < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
I swear I hate the word cunt any man who calls a woman that is a sorry excuse for a man 
ssing my < PROPFEMALE > and he only left 15 minutes ago . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > , you were a great friend to my Dad and I respect and hold you dearly for that . Wish you were still here for everyone who loved you . Watch over my Dad for me . 
In public speaking so bored I can't stop falling asleep 
Getting married pretty soon I'm so excited maybe within the next two weeks !!! 
I'm the girl your ex will hate , the girl your Mom will love , and the girl you'll never forget . 
Have no idea how I'm going to do police academy with the cost and the time of day it is . Can I please get a break !!!! 
Thank goodness Christmas is over now my house is back in order !! Can't wait until I get to crawl in bed and have the man of my dreams laying next to me as my husband that would have been the best Christmas present ever !! 
Having some trouble with my apendix find out if I need it removed Friday everyone please keep me in your prayers , can't take more of this pain even the pain killers aren't helping they return as normal after 30 minutes . 
update on my pain ..... hurts like hell still cooking dinner for my man going to have cornish game hens . wish i didn't have a limit on my pain killers ... 
pain is becoming unbearable hopefully i can make it until tomorrow . wish it would stop 
Still feel horrible wish they would just give me the results and do what needs to be done , pain increases from time to time bearable most of the day until a couple of hours ago . 
Can't wait to build a snowman with the love of my life tomorrow can't wait babe you just be careful on your way here . I Love Him so !! 
Plent of classes this Semester loving every late night early morning I've had the past week . WAYYYYY to much reading for English but it gets done the same as the rest of my classes ..... GRAND TOTAL OF 14 HOURS A WEEK !!!! OVERLOAD ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you're thankful for everyday , and who you could not live without . Brag about him a little and re-post this as your status ? 
Finally set the date for our wedding going to be Feb 20 , 2011 at Texas Bar B Que Corral . 
