Don’t argue with Idiots .. They will bring you down to their level and beat you with experience 

what do u say to taking chances ? what do u say to jumping off the edge ? never knowing if there is solid ground below , a hand to hold or hell to pay .... what do u say ? 
find the person who loves you for exactly who you are , good mood , bad mood , ugly , pretty , handsome , whatever the right person is going to think the sun shines out your ass . Thats the person worth sticking with ! 
lol oh wow 
pain is like a theif in the night ... quiet , persistant and there ... 
... he who does not weep does not see ... 
lol wow what a night im smart ... yeeeah 
.... Risk everything , fear nothing .... Sometimes goodbye is the only way .... 
remember yesterday , dream about tomarrow , but live for today ! 
.. wonders what the consequences are gonna be .. 
I finally put it all together , But nothing really lasts forever , I had to make a choice that was not mine , I had to say goodbye for the last time 
wondering what the future holds ? dont you ever wish you knew ?? 
... the walls are moving closer ... 
lol ... lifes good ... 
lol .. betcha dont know what occurs once in a minute , twice in a moment but not once in a thousand years ???... 
y did it take the giant gorilla two hours to climb to the top of the empire state building ??.... ( lol lame but funny ) 
... on a clear day i can see tomarrow ... 
... feels like the walls are moving in closer ... 
.. you can tell me all ur thoughts , about the stars that fill polluted skies and show me where you run to , when no one's left to take your side but don't tell me where the road ends , cause i just dont wanna know .. 
... Feeling overwhelmed , I take a dive .. To a once overfilled but now empty place to hide . I've forgotten what it's like , how it feels to be ... 
\Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world . \"" 
... If I could see the future and how this plays out , I bet it's better than where we are now , But after going through this , it's easier to see the reason why ... 
... if your going through hell keep going ... 
... follow your instincts ... thats where true wisdon manifests itself ... 
... it takes years to build up trust but only seconds to destroy it ... 
... when you dont know where your going every road will take you there ... 
.. sometimes we need to stop analyzing the past , stop planning the future , stop trying to figure out precisely how we feel , stop deciding wit our mind what we want our heart to feel , sometimes we just have to go wit Whatever Happens - Happens ... 
... imagination is stronger than knowledge , myth is more potent than history , dreams are more powerful then facts , hope always triumphs over experience , laughter is the only cure for grief , and love is stronger then death ... 
ugh ... how do i know that ive made the right decision ...? 
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you , I could walk forever in my garden . 
A boy is a magical creature , you can lock him out of your workshop , but you can’t lock him out of your heart . You can get him out of your study , but you can’t get him out of your mind . 
Life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories , learning from the past , and realizing people change 
Love is not about finding the right person , but creating a right relationship . It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end . 
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get , but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted 
if your going to be two faced atleast make one of them pretty 
... mr scrumptious says \walt disney loves you ! \"..." 
ppl are freakin stupid and annoying !!! grrr 
grrr !!! what is it wit ppl saying 1 thing and then doing the opposite ? why can't they just be strainght wit you ? and why do they let other ppl influence there decisions ? if u dont want 2do something u shouldn't have 2 if they gota problem wit it screw em !!! freakin seriously grow some balls !! or if u really wanna do that dont b all actin like u dont 2 1 person but be all like \hell yeah im in\ " 2 some1 else !! " 
its called honestly ppl you should probably try it out !! 
whatever happens happens right ? 
do u ever get the feeling that nothing will ever be the same . no matter how much you try or how much you dont wanna play life anymore becuz things we're supposed to be different ? 
i dont get it why do ppl who u havent talked to or seen in a couple yrs just up n contact u ? whats the point when uve never really had any sort of relationship before hand ? why now ? 
If you are reading this , even if we don't chat that often , please write ( below ) one single word that would describe me , according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph , as I did on your status ..... you might be suprised to read the responses . \ " , 2009-09-25 21:26:27 " 
Here I lie forever Sorrow still remains Will the water pull me down and wash it all away Come and take me over Welcome to the game Will the current drag me down and < PROPFEMALE > me away Suddenly the light begins to fade - b.b. 
its sad when u feel lonely no matter how many ppl r around u ... 
Days go on forever But i have not left your side We can < PROPMALE > the dark together If you go then so will I 
You can tell me all your thoughts , about the stars that fill polluted skies And show me where you run to , when no one's left to take your side But don't tell me where the road ends , cause I just don't wanna know , No I don't wanna know 
Rather than wondering about or questioning the direction your life has taken , accept the fact that there is a path before you now 
im not scared cause i know theres something out there waiting for me and i swear that i'll find it someday just wait and see . 
shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > . even if u miss it you will land among the stars ... 
Nope , can't go to hell ... Satan still has that restraining order against me 
lost my keys , spare keys and my phone !........... crap !! 
learn from yesterday , live for today and hope for tomarrow 
why do we kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong ? 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HOURS .... you can ask me 1 question ( only in INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , or weird . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !! Seriously ! Copy and paste and put on your status ... 24 hours ready ... set ... go ! 
so tick that in ur juice box and SUCK IT !!! 
one only needs two tools in life ; WD-40 to make things go , and DUCT TAPE to make them stop 
i know i said i'm sorry but thats not what i ment to say . i'm not the only one who makes mistakes ... just think of all the ones you've made .... 
Just so you know , there's a space that only you can fill . Just so you know , I loved you then , I guess I always will . 
confused .... end of story ! 
dont you hate it when the right thing to do sucks monkey butt !!!!!! :( ugh 
sorry everyone someone seems to have hacked into my face book and email bout everyone on my friends list . ive fixed it and i again i apologized . 
She screams for more .... More than just some blue eyed metaphor 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? I pray for the cure of cancer . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ?? 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS or INFERTILITY . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss/infertility is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten , and the babies who were not possible but ... are so loved . 
Hello my name is .... ummm ... wait i know this one its .... uhh mmm 
how much strength u have is only based on how well u hide the pain 
maybe i should be nicer to ppl ?.... hmmm 
... but maybe a happy ending doesnt include a guy maybe it's u picking up the pieces n starting over freeing urself up for something better in the future . Maybe the happy ending is just moving on . maybe the happy ending is knowing after all the unreturned phone calls , brokenheart , s the blunders n misread signals , the pain n embarrassment u never gave up hope . 
everyone in the world say's he loves somebody ... but in the end it doesnt mean anything . What you feel only matters to yourself ... its what you do to the people that you say you love that matters ... it's the only thing that really counts .... 
... its not easy to forgive ... nor does it mean forgeting ... 
... love all , trust a few , do wrong to none ... 
.. although the world is full of suffering , it is also full of over coming it .. 
:( ..... crap 
even the mightest oak can be felled by a whisper of a wind if it comes on the heels of a powerful enough storm 
... what if ... 
we have three kinds of family . Those we are born to , those who are born to us , and those we let into our hearts 
light thinks it travels faster then anything but it's wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first and is waiting for it . 
a lions work hours are only when he's hungry ; once he's satisfied , the predator and prey live peacefully together 
when one door of happiness closes another opens ; but we often look at the closed door so long that we do not see the one that has opened for us . 
.. oh crap .. 
... time waits for no one ... 
... you can't fail if you never give up ... 
... don't let anyone ever make you feel like you don't deserve what you want ... 
... had a dream that fire fell from an opening in the sky . Someone warned me of this hell & I spit in his naive eye & left him crying for my soul he said would die . In the hearts of the blind somethin u'll never find is a vision of light w/the voice of the dead I'm screaming ... i don't know who I am anymore ... 
in order for the light to shine so brightly the darkness must be present 
... in youth we learn .... in age we understand ... 
monsters are real and Ghosts are real too . They live inside us , and sometimes ... they win 
.. life happens n people change .. 
keep love in your heart . A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead . The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and richness to life that nothing else can bring 
... love me without fear , trust me without doubt , love me without restrictions , want me without demand , accept me how I am ... 
a true friend loves you for who you are ... they don't care if ur place is messy , you don't have money this wk or that ur family isn't perfect . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking n never question their friendship . 
who are you to tell me that I'm less then what I should be ? 
Idk why we all < PROPFEMALE > on to something we know were better off letting go . It's like were scared to lose what we really don't even have . Some of us say wed rather have somethin then nothin @ all . But the truth is ... to have something half way is harder then not having it @ all . 
love begins with a smile , grows with a kiss , and ends with a teardrop 
better to never have met you in my dream than to wake n reach for hands that are not there 
ideologies separate us . Dreams and anguish bring us together 
the bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone 
I have the cupcake , I MAKE THE RULES ! Thank you ! 
a fools paridise is a wise mans hell 
love is like war . Easy to begin and hard to end 
... a scholars ink last longer then a martyrs blood ... 
not all scars show , not all wounds heal . Sometimes you can't always see the pain someone feels 
for all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these ..... it might of been ... 
the basis of shame is not some personal mistake of ours but the ignominy , the humiliation we feel that we must be what we are witout any choice in the matter and that this humiliation is seen by everyone 
how is it possible to be in a crowded room surrounded by people but to feel so ....... alone ? 
according to greek mythology the first humans were created with 4 arms , legs , n eyes n 2 noses n mouths . Afraid of their power , Zeus split them in half , leaving them to find the other half of themselves ..... our soulmates . 
\I'd rather hate you for everything you are then ever love you for something you are not . I'd rather you hate me for everything I am then love me for something that I can't . \"" 
\the trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool\ " -sk " 
the struggle within now I understand , freedom begins when you get out of the cage you built . It looks like I'm crazy but I'm not the only one to believe in myself I won't b coming undone . I feel like I'm wide awake I open my eyes n the skys so blue all of a sudden I kno that I tresure my life .. 
I have learned silence from the talkative , tolerance from the intolerant , and kindness from the unkind . 
... things aren't always what they seem ... 
Grrrr .... 
in order for the light to shine so brightly , the darkness must be present 
... sorry , I'm allergic to bullshit ... 
\the human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience\ " -G- " 
lmao I freakin love drunk ppl !!!!!!! 
... which would be worse , to live as a monster or to die as a good man ... -si- 
... confused ... 
\all we really want is loves confusing joy\ " -rumi- " 
... am I or the others crazy ?... 
... arent I worth it ?... 
... oh well ... 
hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable :( 
can't txt or call phones messed up ! :( 
phones working again for now yay me !!! 
... all changes are more or less tinged with melencholy , for what we are leaving behind is apart of ourselves ... 
every man lies , but give him a mask n he will b sincere 
love never dies a natural death ... it dies becuz we don't kno how to replenish it . It dies of blindness n errors n betrayals , of illness n wounds , it dies of weariness , withering n tarnishing 
courage is what it takes to stand up n speak , courage is also what it takes to sit down n listen 
... love is something you don't quit .... its not something you leave n just come back to whenever you feel like it 
false friends are like are shadow , keeping close to us as we walk in the sunshine but leaving us the instant we cross into the shade 
people change when the pain of what their going through is greater then their fear of the unknown 
the biggest mistake you can make is being to afraid to make one 
can't txt or call :( 
insanity is doing the same thing over n over again n expecting different results 
\i wept because I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet \"" 
... everything happens for a reason ... 
can love really travel back in time n heal a broken heart ?... I'd like to think so , but there are somethings I kno for certain : always throw spilled salt over ur left shoulder , keep < PROPFEMALE > by ur garden gate , plant lavender for luck n fall in love whenever you can 
\the noir hero is a knight in blood caked armour . He's dirty n he does his best to deny the fact he's a hero the whole time \"" 
I hate this grrr 
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude 
it is our choices that show what we truly are , far more then our abilities 
exellence is not a singular act but a habit . You are what you repeatedly do . 
there are two primary choices in life : to accept conditions as they exist , or accept the responsibility for changing them 
the greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude 
y do ppl persist in a dissatisfying relationship , unwilling either to work toward solutions , or end it n move on ? Is it because they kno changing will lead to the unknown n most ppl believe that the unknown will b much more painful then what they're already experiencing ? 
the person who risks nothing , does nothing , has nothing , and becomes nothing . He may avoid suffering n sorrow but he simply cannot learn n feel n change n grow n love n live 
to love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure ; but the greatest hazzard is life is to risk nothing 
courage is not the absence of fear but rather the judgement that something is more important then fear 
life doesn't always turn out the way you plan 
home is where the heart is !! :) 
love n electricity are one in the same . If you do not feel the jolt in ur soul everytime a kiss is shared , a whisper is spoken , a touch is felt , then ur not really inlove @ all 
GRR phone\s broke again :/ " 
phone works now kinda 
life is what you make of it ... always has been always will be ... 
irritated !!! 
even tho we've changed n we're all findin our own place in the world we kno that when the tears fall or the smile spreads cross our face we'll come 2 each other cuz no matter where this crazy life takes us we'll always be friends ... 
... whenever I hear someone complain \life is hard\ " I'd like to say \ " compared to what ? \"..." 
crap .. haha 
video games ruined my life .... good thing I have two extra lives 
\My momma always said you've got to put the past behind you before you can move on\ " - F.G. " 
don't walk behind me , I may not lead . Don't walk infront of me , I may not follow . Just walk beside me and be my friend 
truth , like light , blinds . Falsehood , on the contrary , is a beautiful twilight that enhances everything . 
you will never b happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of . You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life . 
a loveless world is a dead world 
I don't pretend to kno wat luv is for every1 . But for me luv is knowing all bout some1 & still wanting 2 b w/them more then any1 luv is trusting them enough 2 tell them everything even wat you mite b ashamed of , it's feeling comfertable n safe wit some1 but still getting week in the knees when they walk into a room n smile @ u 
no matter how much the wind howls , the mountain cannot bow to it 
worried 
yay !!!! 
the big moments in life are gonna come you can't help that . It's what you do afterwards that counts , that's when you find out who you are . 
love is just love ... it is never perfect 
a sound head , a honest heart , and a humble spirt are the three best guides through time and to eternity 
:( 
a friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you forget the words 
Nothing is so strong as gentleness . Nothing so gentle as real strength . 
the brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all 
.. tell me I can't shine and I'll blind the world .. 
so much for my car being fixed ! Ggrrr !!!!! 
fingers are crossed !! Hoping this comes threw !! 
got a new car !!! Woo !!! 
reality is just a shared illusion 
... and still 
there is no witness so dreadfull , no accuser so terrible as the conscience that dwells in the heart of every man 
live with no excuses and love with no regrets 
happy thanksgiving !! :) 
experience is a brutal teacher but you learn ... 
any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning ; but give me the man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing 
is hopefull !!! Yay 
excited !!! 1 month and then more ink hells yeah !!! 
excited !! Yay !!! 
I love \A Christmas Carol !!!!!! \"" 
if you throw a cat outside a car window is it considered < PROPFEMALE > litter ? 
if someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself is it considered a hostage situation ? 
money can't buy happiness , but is sure makes misery easier to live with 
do not look at the world through your head , look at it through your heart 
yay !!! I got my tattoo !!! =) 
= ( 
luvs saturdays !! = ) 
remember me with smiles and laughter ; for that's how I'll remember you . If you can only remember me with tears then don't remember me at all . 
haha totally made my day : ) 
