two days off ! 

feels a little better . 
Great times . Hanging with friends . 
Taking < PROPMALE > to the park today . Maybe going to springfield . 
Nothin . 
My bday is next week and I don't know what I want to do . Somebody give me suggestions please . 
Horton hears a who ! 
Funeral is saturday morning . 
Horton hears a who again ! does he never get tired of it ? 
It's my bday ! 
Panera was awsome ! 
Needs to start sleeping more regularly . 
volunteered . 
what else . 
Baby ! He is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! but healthy . 
< PROPFIRST > is doing well too . 
sooo tired right now and still have to work later after classes . 
five hours is a long time to stay in the library but i am way ahead on my math homework so yay ! 
Little grey bats are so cute ! I went in a cave today ! 
is slowly figuring it out . 
Bring it on . 
< PROPFIRST > came home early ! 
awsome ! 
Freezing ! Seriously i can't make it warm . 
is all alone now . 
is considering studying for my test tomorrow but , will probably put it off until morning and watch a movie instead . 
Drink some . Eat some macaroni . Watch a movie . It's a good night . 
Lost in wonderland and can't figure out how I got there . 
Where the hell are all the spiders coming from ! Someone make them go away . please ? 
I'm so excited and I just can't hide . I'm about to lose control and I think I like it . 
Got down in the dirt ! Literally I crawled through an 18 inch opening to get into a cave for my class . 
New hair do !!! 
I made some pretty awsome pork chops . 
Got pulled over last night and only got a verbal warning ! Don't tell dad please . 
BREAK !! I had a day off with nothing to do , sooo I took myself to see New < PROPFEMALE > . 
I need opinions . My friend < PROPFEMALE > wants to dye my hair red . Comments ? 
http://www.wimp.com/inefficientdrinker 
Has to go back to work at 2:30 UGH ! 
Got home about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . ago . Had alot of fun ! 
Had a great day , for no reason at all ! 
it's a beautiful day ! 
Too much studying ! My brain hurts . 
Big finals done , only one left ! Cross your fingers for me , I actually studied . 
Pretty sure I passed all my classes , just waiting on chemistry grade now . 
Going to grandma's tomorrow . Yay ! I get deer sausage . 
School starts in 5 days ! 
I'm going out on Saturday , school starts Monday ! 
I want a puppy , but can't have one yet . 
Gave Blood today ! 
Can not remember what I forgot . 
i can't figure out why the temp in my apartment keeps going down even though the furnace has been constant ! It is now 63 degrees ! 
Oh yes I did ! How do ya like me now ? 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Monett , Mo 
sometimes your ready and sometimes your not , but you will never know for sure until you try . 
All day , and not much to do . How wonderful is that ? 
procrastinating by postponing the inevitable . 
Finally declared my < PROPMALE > ! Administrative management . Possible double < PROPMALE > of Human resources and maybe a minor in Accounting . 
ugh ! 
going out !! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer month . That is for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I've started selling avon , I need some help networking . Any ideas ? 
If anyone would like to check out Avon and it's products , please e-mail me at isley1986@missouristate.edu or check out my webpage : youravon.com/aisley . Thanks so much . 
I will be putting in my Avon order tomorrow night , probably at 10 , if anyone has any additions to their order , or if someone wants to make one . Just a heads up . 
I'm doing great ! How are you ? 
\You did then what you knew how to do and when you knew better ... you did better ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
Study break ! Need more energy , and motivation . 
studied till 4:30 this morning , woke up at 7:30 ( not because of the sirens ) and now has 2 more hours till my final ! I have alot of energy this morning , hope it lasts . 
I did not do as well on my final as I wanted , but I am passing the class with a D . ( sigh ) It is my own fault though , and I take full responsibility for it . Thanks for the prayers ! 
I really want to go dancing tonight ! 
Too much time , so many thoughts , it's just not enough for me . I want something more real . 
I can handle the truth ... can you ? 
I Hate Drama ! 
I have a Saturday off . OMG !!! ... what do I do with it ? 
I have a baby neice ! < PROPFEMALE > Kathrynn Isley , 10:29 pm , 7lb 6oz , 20.5 inches long !!!!!! 
Had a Fantastic night out , almost completely drama free . 
One more week ! 
so I got up at 5:30 am ... I work at 9:30 am ... I guess I forgot :| 
3 days !!! Oh my Gosh . 
Just saw The sorcerer's apprentice . Pretty good . 
Thanks soooo much for the happy bday's!! I was out of town since thursday night , just got back today . 
I have all weekend off !! 
2 a.m. I'm still awake , what's wrong with that picture ? 
I feel I am missing something , but what it is-is a mystery . 
Accounting is now the bane of my existence , so I took a break to go bowling ! And now stare blankly at a mess I can't figure out :( 
I came home to the dark today . It was kinda hard to get up the stairs . 
I am having issues with depreciation in accounting !! actually it's not the depreciation but everything that came after it . bah !! 
My brain is completely fried . 
I would love today , if I weren't sick . I sleep for six hours then wake up to take more nyquil , which is why I'm asleep in the first place . 
Just watched Clash of the Titans at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s , it was pretty good . 
too much procrastination will hurt your homework ! 
tonic with < PROPFEMALE > !! wahoo ! 
I colored my hair yesterday !! I haven't decided if I like it , but it's growing on me . 
I got through my com 115 speech !!!! I wrote the speech this afternoon , but it was pretty good . 
I want to go out and do something this weekend , anybody else ? Maybe saturday night ? 
I'm going to the movies ! 
decided not to go to the movies . 
I went to the gym today ! yay me ! 
I made kick-ass banana bread ! 
Someone got into my car today ! No damage , pretty sure nothing was taken , but still freaks me out ! 
Went out by myself ! 
I went to electric cowboy ! It was a blast ! 
Packing , cleaning , homework , and class ! Today is sooo busy . 
I received a ' B ' on my speech from a couple weeks ago !!! Who would have thought ? 
I want pizza , but I'm cleaning my oven . :( 
My house is almost packed ! I just need to do the kitchen and my desk , but where to start ... 
Suppose to move today ! Fun , fun . 
yay no class !!! Sleep is good . 
stuff overload ! 
uuurrrrggghhh !!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH . Sorry just needed to yell :D 
A TRUE FRIEND doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past or if your family is full of crazies . They love you for who you are . A TRUE FRIEND can go long periods without speaking and never question the friendship . Repost if you have ... a TRUE FRIEND , they will know who they are ;-) LOVE U FRIEND !!!! 
My older sister had surgery today . She is doing well , but will be in pain for a bit . I'm soooo happy she is alright !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I have washed most of the dishes , now bring on the homework ! ( After I take a break . HeHe ) 
I'm dreaming of a white christmas ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! It snowed some last night I am excited , but it is not enough :( 
