MINE IS THE DRILL THAT WILL PEIRCE THE HEAVENS 

Come away , O human child ! To to waters and the wild With a faery , hand in hand , For to world's more full of weeping than you can understand . 
First gift today ! < PROPFIRST > got me an external battery for my iPhone . It us something I will treasure every day :D 
? Listening to \Hell Is Chrome\ " by Wilco on @instinctiv ? http://instinctiv.com/ " 
iPhone 4.0 is going to be great guys , you have no idea how useful just the folder feature ends up being ! 
So guys , there was no way to honor Seaking , the best pokemon ever , so i made a group for this amazi-ALL < PROPFEMALE > TO THE HYPNOTOAD . 
? Listening to \I Tamper With The Evidence At The Murder Site Of Odin\ " by Dethklok on @instinctiv ? http://instinctiv.com/ " 
Heard from the Apple Store today , said they'd be in touch over the next couple of days . Couldn't be more stoked :D 
So uh ... basically Facebook has become an aggregator for my entertainment life . But i know you guys love it , knowing all the things i do on the internet , every last intiment detail . Also , Red Dead Redemption is fun . You should all buy it , right now , and click on all the links , and listen to music , and other such annoying things . <3 
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW IS A LIE D: 
Toy story 3 , pixar knows how to keep a series good . 
intergrated facebook into my OS , i no longer need to use my browser for any social networking site . 
Growl notifications for facebook , hurrah ! 
Hmmph , no update for the Facebook app for iOS 4 ? Lazy lazy ... 
iOS 4 multitasking is slick , can't wait for more apps to support it ! 
? Cage The Elephant - Ain't No Rest for the Wicked ( Wicked Devil Remix ) 
is really liking this whole native API thing going on here , i rarely ever use my browser anymore ! 
hello world , iOS 4 is still awesome , but still waiting for Last . FM to update their crap D:< 
google voice is <3 guys . 
Got into the OnLive Founding Members Program . As soon as i get home , i'm joining up :D 
I have switched back to the 32 bit kernel , sacrificing nothing on the application end , but slight performance hits for rendering previews . OS X is a lot more snappy now though , i suppose i should stop trying to hack my OS into unsupported bits 
that's it , my account is confirmed with the onlive founding members program . As soon as i get home to my decent network i'll be fragging from the cloud . 
just spent my first few moments on OnLive ... rediculous , it works just as advertised . 
Google chrome's built in flash plugin > Adobe's own offerings on OS X . 
Facebook for iPhone updated to support 4.0 features . 
? Gorillaz - Rhinestone Eyes 
It looks like the version fragmentation of Android is starting to finaly resolve . Hopefully now developers will be able to assume a more or less common API set . Ironic too , just when the iPhone API will assuredly start to split , at least for a while . WebOS is dead , long live WebOS . Meego on a phone ? Maybe for netbooks , but come on Nokia , why not just go ahead and admit you have no idea what to use to compete ... 
Happy Independence Day ! 
? < PROPFEMALE > Playground - A Cloak Of Elvenkind 
That I Write Like site is an interesting toy . It apparently uses several of the same techniques spam filters use to weed out diction and buzzwords indicative of the talented authors whom supply it to flag your own writing as simular to some of the greats . At the moment the database is not that extensive , but it is still an interesting project . 
Made sure we have IPv6 tunneling here at the house , was going to do fancy things but i'll have to wait for an airport update . It doesn't like playing nice with < PROPMALE > configurations . 
looking forward to my first day , hopefully will see most of you guys ! 
5:30 Koan\ 
\ 
Drescher and the toaster :\ 
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal . \ 
“I would like to give you this personality test” , said the outsider , “because I want you to be happy . ”\ 
Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the toaster , saying : “I wish the toaster to be happy , too . ” 
Burn the heretic . Kill the mutant . Purge the unclean . 
Cthulhu/Xenu 2012 : ' When the world ends , who will lead you ? ' 
Hi . How does one define themselves in an objective mannor ? Is there anything that makes us unique outside of arbitrary lines of demarkation thought up by our peers ? How can you claim you exist as an individual in any meaningful sense if all things unique to you are simply artificial concepts that exist only in the human mind ? 
Thanks to everyone who came to honor my grandmother . Seeing all these people and flowers all around her really served as a monument to just how great of a person she was . I love all you guys and knowing that this experience has brought us closer as friends and family brings a happy tear to my eye . God bless . 
hurrah for free phone service for life ! ( assuming access to wifi ) 
There once was an X from place B , who satisfied predicate P . The X did thing A , in a specified way , resulting in circumstance C . 
Remember that tonight is a lunar eclipse . Should be fun , i know i'm staying up to watch ! 
Hey , camera jockys . Iso 200 aperture ~ f 7.0 and shutter speed of 15 seconds . Boom , metro eclipse . 
Thanks go out to my grand-dad for the awesome gift of a pair of MDR-V6 Monitors ! 
? Victims of Science - The Device Has Been Modified 
? Renard - Pyramid Head Is The World's Greatest Lover 
? Renard - Where Can I Go ( Feat . Adraen ) 
hi guys , first post on my new KINDLE 
So everyone in my family got kindles , however , only _i_ have the solar charger for the glorious victory of UNLIMITED POWER . 
me and my sis be rollimg , abusimg fre 3g in her new car . 
for some reason i cant upload pictures atm . however , have hacked my kindle and now the screen saver is the hitchhikers \Don't Panic . \"" 
Watching the expendables . Should be fun . Had a great Christmas , lots of loot and family togetherness . 
? The Queenstons - What You Do ( Klippa Remix ) 
Woot , got my new DAC :D sounds greats with the MDR-V6s from grand-dad ! 
? Kitsune² - human 
? The Queenstons - Never Fade 
