The worlds not fair , so stop ya pouting ..... I see more from the bottom than you do\ 
standing on a mountain ..... 

what does woman want from man ? i think once they get what they want they become\ 
unappreciative , but thats my opinion .. whats yours ? 
Don't be angry you cant make people how u want them to be , since u cant make \ 
yourself as u wish to be . 
if your life is headed in the wrong direction , there is something called a u turn ; 
shting on niggaz in 2k10 
Now that it's all over , what did u really do yesterday thats worth metioning ? 
Life is simple , its just not easy . 
People know you from what you've done , not for what you plan to do . 
Giving up dosen't always mean you are weak ... sometimes it means you are strong enough to let go . 
watching 2012 with my wifey ... iight movie so far . 
now watching the game magic and hawks ... magic gonna win , thats a no brainer . 
Why torture yourself when life'll do it for you ??? 
I don't fear your judgement , cause i already know who i am . 
Look at everything as if you were seeing it either the first or the last time .. 
Everyday may not be good , but there's always something good in everday ... 
I met back up wit alot old friends , the face b is good ... better than myspace .... 
Hated by many , confronted by none ... 
watching baby boy ........ 
If u wanna make your dreams come true , the first thing u have to do is wake up .... 
It is easier for a father to have children , than for children to have a real father ... 
Boston and Cavs , Boston over the cavs ..... 101 to 96.my prediction ; 
Friends are like mirrors , your friends show what , and how you are ... 
watching the game ... lets go beantown .... 
Feeln good bout the celtics win , besides that just another freaky friday ... bout to c whats going thru it ........ 
If you dont like me remember its mind over matter ; i dont mind , and you dont matter .... 
Love me or hate me . Either way i'm on your mind ... 
Everyone has a purpose ; you just have to look inside yourself . 
Celtics started to slack in OT , so it cost us the game ... need to get back on track asap .. next game .. 
If you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change ... 
Stay away from niggaz that can land u in some trouble . just Worry bout the members in ya huttle . 
Life is full of choices , choose wisely , every choice has a end result . being positive is seeing good in every situation but we all know sometimes that can seem impossible . 
Happy fathers day to all the pops . cherish your child u never no what they become . all the real fathers keep doing ya thing . 
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie , an excuse is only a lie thats guarded .. keep it real .... fuck it ..... 
Fuck a hater , nigga or bitch it really doesn't matter .... don't wait till my backs turned to talk diarhea , look me in my eyes and spit ya shit . fake muthafucka's ................. 
Nothing can be love or hated unless it is first known . seek first to understand and then to be understood ... 
Don't do what you will undo if caught .... 
For everything you have missed , you have gained something else ; And for everything you gain , you lose something else . Its about your outlook towards life . You can either regret or rejoice choose 1 .... 
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by the people who have kept on trying when it seemed to be no hope at all , that being said never give up keep striving for whatever it is you believe in ..... 
When you have control over your thoughts , you have control over your life .... 
In every difficult situation is potential value . Believe this , then begin looking for it . 
Trust in what you love , continue to do it , and it will take you where you need to go . Remember it takes years to build up trust and only seconds to destroy it .... 
Today is a gift , and tomorrow is a mystery ... focused on today's gift which is life ... 
Hating on my name only brings me more fame . Fuck$$ the fame , just keep my name out ya grill ..... 
Some thinks it's holding on that makes you strong ; sometimes it's letting go ....... 
We tend to forget that happiness dosen't come as a result of getting something we don't have , instead of recognizing and appreciating what we do have .... 
Everything you want should be yours ; the type of work you want ; the realtionships you need ; the social , mental that will make you happy . the money you require for the lifestyle that is appropriate to you ; and any requirement that you may(or may not ) have for achievements or service to others . If you dont aim for it all , you'll never achieve it all . To aim for it requires that you know what you want '' 
Realize you are responsible for your life . The decisions , the choices you make are yours . Don't blame others for things not working out , take responsibility , change the things that need changing . 
weak minds talk about people , strong minds discusses idea's .... 
Just holla if u got me , and fuck u if u had me ... 
True love doesn’t have a happy ending , because true love never ends . Letting go is one way of saying I love you . 
Writing down my thoughts on another planet . looking at earth not ready to come down ... 
life like money how u gonna spend it , broken hearts around here never get mended , the world not fair stop ya pouting , im see more from the bottom than u standing on a mountain ... 
I only wish 2 do the right things , even if you're on the right track , you'll get ran over if u just sit there ... 
Sure god made man before women , but then you always make a rough draft before the final masterpiece .... 
Women cannot complain about men until they start getting better taste in them ... 
When things go wrong as they sometimes will , when the road you're trudging seems all uphill ; when funds are low and the debts are high , and u want to smile but all u can do is sigh , when care is pressing u down a bit ; rest if u must but dont u ever quit . success is failure turned inside out , keep the faith even when u have a cloud of doubts ... SIR'REAL 
I'm just doing my thing livin my life , tryin to survive even though things aint right . i'm doing my best but im not perfect ..... 
To do more for the world than the world does for you- that is success ..... 
You cant stop loving or wanting to love cause it's right , it's the best thing in the world .. when you're in a relationship and it's good , even if nothing in your life is right , you feel like your whole world is complete ... 
Never look down on someone , unless your helping them up .... 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort .... 
Change is never easy , you fight to hold on , and you fight to let go ... 
Don't wish it was easier , wish you were better ... Don't wish for fewer problems , wish for more skills ... Don't wish for a less challenge , wish for wisdom .. 
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones , you'll start having positive results ... 
I wish i could say something that will make you trust me , but if you give me time i can prove it to you .... Because if I had a second < PROPMALE > i would never need a third . 
Life ends when you stop dreaming , hope ends when you stop believing , love ends when you stop caring , friendship ends when you stop sharing ... so share this with whoever you consider your friend ... 
Life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories , learning from the past , and realizing people change ..... 
Success is getting what you want , and happiness is wanting what you get ... 
Just came from cut throat city , back on the island to much stress make a nigga start wild'n ... pay attention 2 details dont lose focus ... I always keep the faith no matter how hopeless ... 
'' Leaders are those that bring out the best out of followers and can be described as life-molders '' 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending ... 
I never said i wish life was easier , i said i wish i was better . Take time out to reflect on yourself . Do you like what you see ? Do you wish to change some attitudes , traits and habits ? Its never too late to change ..... 
Know what you have , and treasure what you love ... 
Feelin good no reason 2 stress , me and my shadows blessed . 
Better than u , compare me 2who ? im tryin make green like yellow and blue , and yall be on the same shit time 2 switch up , cuz now im laughing at ya not laughing withcha . 
This new year i want to be closer to the lord . alot of unfortunate events came into place and everything happens for a reason . i know whos truly in my corner . 
The best christm @s of all is the presence of a happy family wrapped up as 1 . merry christmas world . 
The key to change is the key to everything . 
An eye for an eye make the world go blind .... 
Bout to shovel out , and make a giant snow man wit my kids .. :) 
Peep , whatever zodiac sign u think u are , you've been mistaken .... your correct sign will be a month behind ... so therefore if u are a virgo this will make u a leo ... true story ... 
Whatever you do , or dream u can , begin it ... boldness has genius , power and magic in it ... 
Don't waste your time on jealously , sometimes you're ahead sometimes you're behind . The race is long and in the end its only with yourself ... 
Bout 2 fall back like car seats , and watch football ... 
Haters , of course always have something 2 say ... remember a sharp tongue sometimes cut its own throat ... Smh 
Attack life its gonna kill u anyway .... 
Anything that happens is for a reason , and anything that does'nt happens is for a very good reason ... believe this and u'll love your life ... 
How u think about a problem is more important than the problem itself ... so always think positive ya heard .... 
Everything will be alright in the end ... if its not alright then its not the end ... 
No matter what situations you are in , it could always be worse . Be grateful for what u have 
Life like money how u gonna spend it . fear nothing in life just try 2 understand it . 
I can share my thoughts but it just goes in your left ear and out ya right , take my advice and make the changes u need 2 better your life . only fool dont like change . Sir'Real ..... 
The tongue of wise ones does good with knowledge , but the mouth of the stupid ones bubbles forth with foolishness .. 
Super bowl 45 who I'm rolling with ? Green Bay Packen , if it ain't green it don't go .. fu**k$ wit me its ya boi 700 .. $$$$ 
Never gamble your last , the odds are always against you ... 
Arguing with a fool proves there are two ... 
Throughout life people will make u mad , disrepect u and treat u bad .. Let god deal with the things they do , cause hate in your heart will consume u too ..... 
Since light travels faster than sound , people appear bright until u hear them speak ... 
My daughter woke up 5am and said daddy i want some cookies .. now im up early in the a.m baking cookie dough .. 
Today is gonna be a good day i can feel it ... im feelin blessed ... 
Your past creates you and is now allowing u to create your future ... embrace the past and embrace each experience . You only have room to grow ... Sir`real . 
Success is not final , failure is not fatal ... its the courage to continue that counts ... 
Stay commited to your decisions , but stay flexible in your approach ... 
In the crib getting properly diagnosed by my personal nurse ... bout to get a double dose of tht medicine ... \ 
Ya heard ........ 
Don`t rely on someone else for your happiness and self-worth . Only u can be responsible for that if u cant love and respect yourself-no one else will be able to make that happen . 
Accept who u are completly good and bad ... and make changes where its needed ... not because u think someone else want u to be diffrent ... 
Now ask yourself a question is u real or is u fake ... do u sell people dreams or do u stand up to what u say ... now whatcha life about does money motivate your actions ... is u stackin or u lost in self-satisfaction ... \ 
Now ask yaself another question is u happy wit your life ... or u thinking of a plan to change and make things right ... just some question ...??? 
So fly right now tryin to find a place to land ... 
Lifes all good i aint trippin bout nuthin ... 
