New years thingy mabober , to have as much fun as I can for my last year of being a civilian :) 

Party it up fort tomorrow we kick ass !!!!!!!!! 
I gots the munchies :( 
Just showed my little sister my song to her , she loved it :) whoot ! * highfive * 
whats crackalackin peoples ? 
new number 720 388 3022 
im so damn creative :D 
LOL ! \HEY ! how about we have a nice big cup of SHUT THE FUCK UP !?!?!?!?!?!? \ " :D lol " 
just ran into 2 retired marines . I so can't freaking wait to join . just a year and a half till I become a Devil dog , jarhead , leatherneck , < PROPFEMALE > . 
i neeed something to help get my mind off things 
I Want to go sky diving all of a sudden 
life is like a box of chocolates ... you never know whatcha ganna get . 
thinking about deleting my , my yearbook , facebook , and myspace . 
had the best freaking dream ever ! Dreamt I earned my E.G.A it was like I was actually there . to bad it was only a dream . a year or so til I can actually earn It 
I hate allergies :( 
here's something simple ... boobs ... that's all I have to say :D 
just figured out what song to dedicate to my amazing girl ! :D its Guardian angel by rja :D 
BE HONEST , If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If I'm you friend put a :) . If you miss me put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me put a XD ... If your not scared , post this as your status 
Figured out what my new years resalution is . I am going to live everyday like its my last day alive cuz you never no when its your last anything . :D 
I need a great stress reliever anyone have any ideas ? 
I so wish I rated this < PROPFEMALE > corp birth day , but two more birthdays and I will . Oorah ! :D 
I love me cuz 
qawzsexrcftvgyhujnimko , l 
My New new years resolution , Live everyday like its my last day alive , Love my family and friends no matter what , and to respect myself :D Oorah 
PTing for the 1st time in a long time . I so missed it :D I so can't wait for x-max . P 90x ! :D 
Hey you ! yeah you , you should comment /like this post . I'm seeing how many likes/comments I can get in 24 hours :p lol just for the hell of it . 
Lol \I'm mind fucking you right now\ " lol awesome movie ! " 
I have a new favortie super villian/hero , besides the joker of course , but the new one is Megamind :p 
Oh aspen and I decided that the little girl in despicable me with the black hair is my daughter and megamind is me . Lol badass 
Life is like a blow up doll , fun and great at times and sometimes it just pops from to much stress . Lol 
Argh ....................................................... so wish I was in the corp already :*( es muy muy grande mucho suprme altra uber super sad face :*( 
Why do all the hot chicks have a bf ? Argh , 
i love how i can help people with their issues , but i cant fix mine . Go figure ... 
once you go Bek you never go back ! lol 
Hey you ! Yeah you !!!!!!!!!!! Hi :D 
Give me an O , give me a G , give me a R , give me a Y , What does that spel ?!?!?!? TEAMWORK ! 
Pst ! Your balls are showing ..... bumblebee tuna , bumblebee tuna . 
Ganna make the shortest satus ever , you ready for this ? \.\" There ya go shortest status ever and there's not a damn thing you can do mwhahahahahahahahahahaaha .. " 
Boobs ..... are AMAZING !!!!!!!!! 
Sometimes I just have to wonder , what could be ? Hymn 
An amazing x-mas I got the best gifts ever !!!!!!! :) but best one of all seeing the whole family together love you all :) 
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm skittles , oh wait mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm < PROPFEMALE > fox :) I bet they both taste delisous ;) 
Its hard to believe that in just 12 months I can start my dream , I so can't wait :) I'm really REALLY excitied :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Had a great day , got to learn more about cars , it was fun :p thank you uncle < PROPFIRST > :) 
Like < PROPMALE > Marley once said , \Don't wory about a ting cu evy litle ting is ganna be allight . \ " :) " 
Great start to a weekend :) 
Had a badass dream but woke up in the middle of it and now can't go back to sleep . 
Good play :p 
Really can't wait for my future to start ! I want to go to boot , find a nice girl , and live long :) , but patients is needed :p yet a pain . 
Looking forward to finishing my 1st run of p90x :) 
Doing ok on my testing , wish I was doing better :/ 
So can't wait to do M.A.R.S.O.C. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D so damn excited . 
GO GO POWER RANGER !.... Thunder cats UNITE !.... lol ahh I miss old tv shows I used to watch as a kid .. 
I really hate my body .... feel like shit . 
Stupid military commercials .... really wish I could join RIGHT NOW . 
Happy singles awareness day ! 
Fuck yes ! The < PROPFEMALE > Corp changed the crusible so now its supposed to be really hard . It looks and sounds really freaking fun I so can't wait !!!!!!! 
actually a not bad National Singles Awareness lol 
Having a damn good day :) if anyone ruins it I will fucking kill them :) lol 
I feel retarded . I did the math and to pass the ged you need a toal adverage of 56% and my total adverage is 63.4% I can pass , but going to take 3rd test 1st . 
Argh , I took the 3rd test and got a better adverage , but failed math and passed everything else . Damn , so close . 
Starting to feel like shit ... I hate my body , can i return it for a better one ? lol 
just a few more months :D 
Dr. offices = please shoot me 
Life is like fire , it can be short and dangerous , or long and brutal either way sooner or later your extinguished so might as well leave your burn while you can 
1st consert , so far so good :) Prodagy was Awesome ! Felt like raving and moshin :/ 
Damn good consert , only issue is .... lost my voice ... I think I left it in the car lol 
I made bacon with dr. pepper , so yummy :) lol 
Holy shit , the ged test is 80 bucks , lol just means I can't fuck up lol :) 
This year needs to hurry up and be over with ... 
Opened my 1st b day gift , it was a < PROPFEMALE > sized < PROPFEMALE > corp blanket , I love it :) my room is now completly < PROPFEMALE > corp decked out :) 
Thanks everyone for the happy b day :) . 
Thank you all :p 
Lmao , someone asked me to stop being perverted , they don't know me at all lol . Sorry thought that was funny . 
I can do this daily , wake up before the sun comes up . Its amazing with the birds cherping . :) I miss the outdoors :( 
I feel like running a 5 k :p idk why though . 
needs to blow off some steam 
it's amazing how much you can tell about someone over one little thing happening . 
\The warrior's song-Hard corp\ " Look it up ! :D Bad fucking ass ! so cant wait to go " 
Lmao , my quote of the day , \Yup as soon as i give a shit .... ready ? yup still dont give a shit\ " By < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Bek " 
i really wish zombies existed , so i can just go shoot a few to have fun :p 
I REALLY REALLY want to be a part of something bigger than my self ... 
Whoot ! best holiday ever ! 
Whoot ! Filled out 14 job aps , and going to go turn ' em in , after I eat lunch though :p 
I need motivation to go run , and or workout .... soooooooo tired .... 
Everyone is sick ... seriously wtf ? I'm fine , I guess if zombies do exsist ill be fine , cuz I won't get the virus and id be blowing the shit out of ' em ... if only 
Whoot fixed 3 guns in less than 30 < PROPFEMALE > . I rule ... :p 
I hate being impatient , I want to go to boot camp ! 
I really really want to go hunting , I also hope I get this job . 
Whoot day two with mt new guitar and I just figured out a great ending to a song ... lol now to make the middle and begining lol and I'm just goofing around . 
I feel like I'm not doing as much with my life as I can , I want to hurry up and start doing stuff to make this world a better place ........ I know in do time ... 
Just slept 19 hours :) 
FML ! Car breaks down and phone is dead ... lucky enough a nice couple was nice enough to help me push the car and give me a ride home ... this weekend fucking blew . 
Ran for the 1st time in a long time , wow ... 
I want to earn my freaking E.G.A. so badly :( 
