Pats the tummy , time to work it back into shape . That's my New Year's Resolution ! 

Smiles , the new year is already starting out awesome . I stumbled across 3 good friends . < PROPFEMALE > , I am so happy to have you back ! < PROPMALE > , you still make me smile , and of course my brother ! Love you Wills ! 
OMG , its too cold ! I barely want to even get up and go outside . 
What's up with FB and the double , tripple posting when you hit the button one time ? Sheesh ! 
Thank you to all my FB friends for the game gifts ! 
QUOTE OF THE DAY : If someone moves in a continuous motion , 360 degrees and ends up still in the same place they started , something is wrong . That means they picked up nothing on the way back to where they started . - < PROPMALE > 
This week I'm celebrating my favorite childhood cartoons ... LOL 
Farmville Friends , please stop joining random Farmville groups , they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with Facebook , you will not get anything free !! Please copy and repost so maybe we can stop it . Farmville/Zynga has already advised that they are NOT the originators of these scams . ( Please repost !!! ) 
Down syndrome is not an illness because people with down’s syndrome do not need medication to make them better , what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else . 93% of my friends will NOT copy this . Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this & put it as your status and leave it for at least one day 
Smiley Quote of the Day : Someone said , \ ... is tryin so hard 2 calm down & not go ova 2 Ultra & slap a b*tch wit this spoil corned beef she gave me . I paid $10 4 dis sh*t & I can't eat it . HELL NAW !!! \ " ( I thought it was cute ) " 
Uh-ohhh , I feel a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > movie marathon coming on sci-fi ... LOL 
Wondering ... is it too late for spring cleaning or is now the time to get started ? 
To all my Gamer Friends , if you play Mafia Wars , add me to your crew ! Yea-Yeah ! LOL 
How much longer before Farmville lets us expand nurseries , dairy farms , and horse stables ... I need more rooooom , please . 
So Chincilla ( my FV dog ) and I made it through the 14 days . It was by the grace of the FV Gods that she didn't run away ( me being a cat person and all ) ... and now she wants a doggy treat everyday ! Wow ! Meanwhile my inventory is full of dog bones because I can't store them in the shed and I really wish they had an obedience school for the impatient . Like I could send her there and she'd learn 10 tricks in one day ! LOL 
:) The monster website from h*ll is almost finished ... and then I can open my eyes again and start back to building things that are truly user friendly and accessible . Thank goodness . 
A study revealed that the kind of face a woman finds attractive on a man can differ depending on where she is in her menstrual cycle . If she is ovulating , she is attracted to a man with rugged and masculine features . If she is menstruating or menopausal , she is more attracted to a man with duct tape over his mouth ... and a spear lodged in his chest while he is on fire . No further studies are expected . - :) 
Famville finally opened a gas station , Hoorayyy !!! 
I can gift the irrigation pipes and green beams for the botanical garden , what does everyone else have ? 
Millington , TN flooded ( levee broke , I hear ) I hope everyone is okay ! I'm googling for pictures now to see how bad it is ... 
Does anyone know how to get breadfruit trees in Farmville ? I can't send them as gifts but I want some more of them ... 
Happy Mother's Day FB Moms ! And Happy Mother's Day to my Mom ( Feb . 2008 ) I miss you and < PROPFEMALE > your memories daily ! 
Try this ... scroll to the bottom of your \ 
facebook < PROPFEMALE > and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters , \ 
click \English\ " when the language selection appears 
Can anyone get into Farmville ? I can't ... 
what happened to the little zynga message thingy ( the red circle with a number in it ) located above our farms ?!? Mine is missing ... 
believe\ 
in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put \ 
this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of \ 
your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of \ 
Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to\ 
show it , repost 
Negativity can be found in abundance ; a true talent , worth striving for is to find the positive moments of life ... 
self-induced ignorance is not bliss and therefore it is served best on an unspoken dish ( i.e. think , evaluate and interpret before you speak ) ... smh 
? ~ At 5 Years old : My Mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever . 17 years old : OMG my Mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 25 years old : I wanna go back to my Moms house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my Mom . 70 years old : I would ... give up everything for my Mom to be here with me .. Post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your MOM ~ ? 
For Colored Girls -- Loved it ... although I was surprised that the theater was nearly empty . 
Totally Disappointed in The Twilight Saga : New < PROPFEMALE > -- Why ? Oh Why ? Would you want < PROPFIRST > Cullens ( vampire ) when < PROPMALE > ( werewolf ) is so-so-so fine and built . LOL ! ( I need a hobby ) . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon \ 
from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on FB till \ 
Monday December 6th . Join the fight against Child Abuse . Copy & \ 
paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
