: Hampton is sooooooooooooooooooo legit ... 

Of course i am ... 
Made it through my first day of classes ... Four weeks and six days to go . 
The weekend is calling my name ... 
Some people's status just amaze me sometimes . Isn't it ironic that everything that you might have been looking for was right in front of your face the whole time and u never knew it ? The quote of the night is , \Don't look a gift horse in the mouth \"." 
can't wait to go home .... 
I miss her a lot . idk why .... I just do . 
less than two weeks to go ... 
This summer is not ending the way that I expected ... 
Girl don't u know , ur so beautiful . i wanna give all my love to u girl . not just tonight , but the rest of ur life . I wanna be always here by ur side .... -Musiq Soulchild 
I wonder if I did something wrong ... 
I wonder if she's ever gonna realize .... 
If you say so .... 
I'm so glad that I'm back ... 
I should've gotten her number ... damn 
can't wait for monday !!! 
Last night was legit ... 
I hope things go my way this time .... 
When it comes to decision making , I am sorely lacking in judgement . I hope I make the right moves .... 
Doin some last minute packing ... Can't wait to get out of here . 
Second day of class . Last cuts in six days ... This is gonna be really interesting 
Can't believe its my birthday already ... Im finally Legal lol 
Can't wait to transfer ... 
practice went well , but i really hurt my knee . Hopefully it's not serious . 
1 day at a time . the end of the semester will be here before u know it ... 
I don't understand why everything always has to be so complicated .... 
Fire drill at midnight . Just got back to my dorm ... This kind of crap only happens at Hampton . 
I don't know why I can't get her off my mind . This is NOT what I need right now ..... 
Its never gonna happen ... 
It's never gonna happen ... 
is jamin ' to the new paramore cd .... 
had a good start to the weekend :) 
We all learn to make mistakes and run from them with no conviction . We're just one of those ghosts .... 
why is my life so boring .... 
???.... 
That was a weird ending of the night ... 
8 1/2 more weeks .... 
I'm finally off of curfew . This weekend is gonna be crazy .... 
Never got that skype chat . I'm hurt ... 
Never got that skype chat . I'm hurt .... 
Some random chick who lives in Australia started talking to me on skype and started saying some really weird things to me .... I don't know if i should feel shocked/awed or disgusted right now . 
I can't believe I actually got in !!! CNU , here I come .... 
say what u need to say . 
Sometimes I honestly feel like my parents ' job in life is to make my life more miserable than it already is . 
I really hope she doesn't ... 
I need a break from school ... 
Gladly ... 
I'm sooooo ready for the turkey , cornbread , < PROPMALE > & cheese , little sausage wraps , stuffing and pumpkin pie .... 
I just wanted to let u know that I haven't forgotten , I'm just having a hard time figuring out how i'm going to settle the score ... 
Thank you for havin ' my back < PROPMALE > lol . 
I CAN'T WAIT TO GO HOME !!! 
If I don't see certain people over break , I'm gonna be highly upset .... 
I wonder if anyone will call me and see if I wanna chill ... 
Thanksgiving break was interesting . 
I really don't know what to think ... Ima try to let it go . If things are meant to happen , then they will . 
I just don't understand why the people closest to u are the ones who end up hurting u the most ... is it really worth it ? Well on another note , I'm really anxious to find out what the future holds , if i have one at all . Only God knows 
So am I ever gonna get a proper response to that honesty box message ??? Just wondering lol . ( haha jk , jk ) 
Is she worth the time and energy that it's gonna take to prove that I'm the right guy ? Absolutely .... Now is the feeling mutual ??? That's the million dollar question . Chances are slim to none , but I can keep hoping until she tells me no . 
Only got a couple of days left ... Then the craziness begins :) 
I can't wait for class to be over so i can go to sleep ... 
I can't believe I'm getting braces ... :/ 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:18 
< PROPMALE > 19:6 
Life is really interesting .... U never know what's coming next and I like that . 
I wonder how different my life would be if i had stayed in oriskany ... 
happy holidays 
Whats a good conversation starter for a girl u don't know ??? 
lol ... Last time I checked it was GIRLS are like buses ... ( < PROPFIRST > feat . Gucci / Break Up ) 
Why is Ashburn so boring ??? 
U-M Flint is lookin pretty good right about now ... Who knows . I might change my mind and go to Raddy after all . 
Radford it is ... 
< PROPFIRST > Swift won Album of the year over Beyonce AND Lady Gaga ... WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMING TO !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
I better not have class tomorrow . I'm sooooo bored . I wanna get out my house and do something as soon as humanly possible ... 
Somebody keyed the entire hood of my brand new car . U know what ... I thought I'd be a lot more upset about this , but whats the point ? Getting angry and frustrated over trying to figure out who and why anybody would do that is futile ... But if i do ever find out who did it , they will pay , and not in cash . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day Sucks ... 
I don't wanna hate nobody tonight , but they keep pushin ' me ... 
I got my first ticket today . On top of that I didn't have the money to pay a toll 15 days ago . I just remembered that i still haven't sent in my 75 cents to the V-dot . I was just reading the receipt and it said that after 10 days u have to pay an additional $25 dollars . I'm broke . Not to mention that I haven't told my parents about either misfortune and am probably going to catch hell ... fml 
loves < PROPFEMALE > DeVaughn 
This weekend at JMU was so epic ... 
Counting down the days to JMU ... I CAN'T WAIT 
McNabb is comin to town ... The Redskins are back in business . 
I really , really , reeeaaaaally don't like the direction my life is going in right now , and no matter how hard i try , it feels like i can't do anything to change it . 
wow guys . thanks for changing my status ... Really funny . 
Work . Then ive got a hot date :) 
Tonight was one of the best nights I have in a while ... 
Tonight was one of the best nights i've had in a while ... 
Tonight was one of the best nights i've had in a while . 
It's about time I just chill out and get my mind right ... 
I can't stop thinking about her . I'm sorry < PROPMALE > , I have no will power . 
Why does this crap always happen to me . I'm reeeeeaaaallly Curious ... 
It's time for me to grow up ... 
hmmmm . Very , very interesting .... 
great night with the boys 
They say i was the obamination of obama's nation , well thats a pretty bad way to start a conversation .... 
To any one who has sent me a txt or called me within the last 24 hours : Sorry I haven't responded , but I seem to have lost my phone . 
Please start doin u , I've been doin me . Im a staple in my city u can never ruin me ... 
“The most terrible poverty is loneliness , and the feeling of being unloved . ” 
“You can close your eyes to the things you don't want to see , but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel . ” 
Words can't describe how amazing it feels to have the weight of the world lifted off of your shoulders ... 
just gotta stay on my grind ... 
I love the way u smile ... 
so whats the point of having a 4 day weekend if I have no one to spend it with ? Probably gonna be stuck at home playin COD or at work . Very disappointing ... 
Time to man up ... 
lmao 
HU game , then Jmu tmrw .... or technically today 
I wish I could say whats really on my mind , but that would cause too many problems ... 
Let's stay together ' til we're ghosts \ 
I want to witness love , I never seen it close \ 
Yeah , but I guess I gotta find it first \ 
That's why I'm really going off , Fireworks\ 
\ 
- Drake 
Just gotta stay focused . I can almost see the light at the end of the tunnel .... 
Why does Fate hate me so much ? Just curious ... 
I finally figured out ... Its about time . 
Wow , where do ppl get this crap from ? 
Leh Go 
Right place , wrong time = My life in a nut shell 
I'm chillin ' , but my swag's on full attack ... I just can't get her off my mind . 
I just wanna know why this keeps happening to me over and over again . 
< PROPFEMALE > Waddell is SO cool :) 
actually no shes not .... 
This has been an interesting night ... 
Life is like a balancing act between living in the moment and focusing on your future . You only live once , so make sure that you strive for both to the best of your ability ... 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > , I get it ... 
Thanksgiving break is gonna be sooooo legit this year . 
So , its gonna be like that ??? Why am I not surprised .... 
About to go Black Friday shopping ... This is gonna be interesting . 
For once , I don't think things could be going any better :) \ 
Hopefully I didn't just jinx myself lol . 
I don't think I could put everything thats on my mind in 1 status so I put a video up instead . Im gonna have to try this more often ... 
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty .... 
Wow , really ??? That was the last straw .... 
The way I feel = Beyond comprehension 
I love how you can go from one extreme to the next in a flash . It's the story of my life . 
All I want for Christmas is you ... 
How does a phone just disappear out of thin air ? This is ridiculous .... I will be without a cell phone until further notice . 
