desperately needs a nap . 

heading out for some greek cuisine . Yum ! 
Come see the Concrete Cowboys at the New Copper < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Happy 4th loves ! 
hasn't been on Facebook in forever . 
My beautiful daughter < PROPFEMALE > turned 2 yesterday ! 
Making another batch of Kahlua ! Can't wait to taste test . :) 
I love my friends and family . Just thinking of them makes my heart smile . 
my son is eating the < PROPFEMALE > decorations off the gingerbread house as fast as we put them on . 
Sending sweet condolences to one of the best people I know , one of my best friends . Know that you are loved my dearest . 
loves being one of < PROPFEMALE>'s elves . Shopping , wrapping , all of it . 
had to make a trip to the ER this morning . Talya's first ER visit . :( Luckily , no stitches needed . 
\Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Peale " 
is watching the first snowflakes of Winter ' 09 . 
\The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Baker Priest Wishing everyone a safe and fun New Years < PROPFEMALE >." 
Excited that a good friend that I haven't seen for a while might visit . 
Happy Hump Day ! 
\The Hangover\ " was outrageously hilarious ! " 
enjoyed Portland's beautiful weather today . Today reminded me why I love the Northwest . 
still has a heavy heart after saying farewell to my Copper < PROPFEMALE > co-workers . In a short time they became extended family and I hold them all in my heart . Rope-a-dope . :) 
feeling productive . 
I could barely find my besties profile to wish her a happy birthday . Every time I get used to FB , they change it . Urg . 
going to check out a house - fingers crossed . 
Just returned from a vision check and contact lens fitting . Now I get to enjoy this beautiful Portland day . 
I vow to never let my inbox get so out of control . 
Good morning loves . 
Just came in from outside . The kiddos were running through the sprinkler . 
\Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . \ " Unknown " 
Happy Friday everyone ! 
Meeting an Interior Decorator and a good friend to talk shop . So excited . 
What a great meeting . Must thank my girl < PROPFEMALE > for setting it up . I am lucky to have such a good friend in my corner . 
Getting my paperwork together to start school in summer . 
Off to run some errands . Hope I don't get poured on ( because my hair looks super cute today ) . 
Enjoying a latte to break up all the work I have gotten done this afternoon . How do you reward yourself for plowing through your to-do list ? 
It's a conspiracy . I just spent more money replacing my printer cartridges than I did on the printer itself . What's up with that ? 
umpteenth . DEFINITION : very many , indefinitely numerous . EXAMPLE SENTENCE : My son is sick for the umpteenth time this school year . 
Doing some last minute cleaning before I pick up my mother-in-law at the airport . 
having beetza gain for dinner . I love when my MIL visits . 
Happy Easter . May you be surrounded by healthy family and unconditional love . 
Looking at rug ideas for a friend . Decorating makes my heart happy . 
Happy Monday darlings . How are you going to make this week exciting ? 
walking to pick up my son and boy is it cold . 
Wordpress Users : Who do you use for web hosting ? What are the positives and negatives of your chosen company ? ANY ADVICE IS APPRECIATED . 
Nighty night . Time to call it a night . 
Excited to get the day started . Much to do . 
Just dropped my MIL off at the airport . Had a wonderful time with her . Now back to my normal routine . Atleast until tomorrow when my sis and her boyfriend stay with us for a couple of nights ... 
Anyone planning to see < PROPFIRST > Bromstad speak at the Seattle Design Center on April 24th ? 
Every time I tell my son I need to run some errands he asks \who is Erin ? \ " What a goof ball . " 
Preparing for my next round of visitors- my sister and her boyfriend . 
I am refusing to watch DWTS until < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin is voted off . 
Totally out of my groove . Please come back groove . 
The house guests have left and things are looking more like normalcy . It was a nice visit , and I am happy to step back into my routine . 
Cheers to the weekend ! I'm toasting with a Drop Top < PROPFEMALE > ale . What are you toasting with ? 
Watching \Men Who Stare at Goats \"" 
Sometimes things just aren't that simple . Such is life I suppose . Happy Sunday all . Make the most out of this last day of the weekend ! 
Come on Blazers - Beat LA ! 
Sweet victory for the Blazers . We're the Lakers worst nightmare ! 
< PROPFIRST > just gave me two dandelions to keep me company while I work . :) 
Hello to a new week . \He who chooses the beginning of the road chooses the place that it leads to . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Fosdick " 
My five-year-old son just asked me to please not waste his time . 
One day I will have a cleaning person that comes once a week . 
Still delighted by the Blazers win last night against OKC . 
listening to the Twilight soundtrack . Its still one of my faves , although I listen to it almost daily . 
Going to make the most of this beautiful morning by taking my daughter to the park to play . 
The meteorolbeen wrong , wrong , and wrong again lately . Atleast today they were 
Just spent 70 bucks replacing our keyboard after my son spilled chocolate milk on the old one . He is banned from the computer for , like , ever . 
loved the feature of < PROPFEMALE > Aniston's home in Architectural Digest , March 2010 . Especially the soaking tub in the master suite . 
\I work hard for the money ... \ " That song is stuck in my head " 
Never lose sight of what you want . Persevere and it will come . 
I can't find my planner anywhere . Beyond frustrating ! 
Seriously , I have looked everywhere and still can not find my planner . 
Getting things together for a dump run . Part of Spring Cleaning 2010 . 
Gotta love Craigslist for getting rid of unwanteds fast . 
Watching Game 1 of the Blazers vs Suns series . Let's go Blazers ! 
And the Blazers take game 1 ! Woot woot ! 
Still on top of the world after the Blazers steal game one in AZ . 
Putting another coat of white paint on my mantel and watching Divine Design . Life is good . 
I just created my first web < PROPFEMALE > . All by myself . Yay me ! 
watching the Blazers play game 2 against the Suns . 
time to roll up my sleeves and get to work . 
This is the third time I've put soup on the stove , told myself not to forget about it , then left it until it boiled . I don't want to wait 15 minutes for it to cool . I'm hungry peeps ... 
Get your \feeling hands\ " off my mantel . " 
Happy Earth Day . Lets all do are part , not just today , but everyday . 
Question for techies : What text editing program do you use ? I have a < PROPMALE > and need suggestions ... 
Just to clarify : \augmented reality\ " doesn't refer to breast implants and push-up bras . " 
On the agenda : the 82nd Ave < PROPFEMALE > Parade and my son's baseball game . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to start in today's game ! Go Blazers ! 
I don't want to hear < PROPFIRST > Barkley doubting the Blazer's decision to play < PROPFIRST > tonight . They are a smart organization and obviously don't want to put < PROPFIRST>'s health in jeopardy . Barkley is just scarred that his former team is going to lose to us . ** and this concludes my rant ** 
Had a busy and exhausting day . But got a lot done . 
Wow . It's only 9:15 am and already my heart is overflowing with all the birthday love . Thank you all for thinking of me ! 
Still pissed about Blazers/Suns Game 5 . Wondering if it's satisfying to win a game through bad officiating ? 
The one place I didn't look for my planner until today ? The pipe that connects my up stairs fireplace with my down stairs fireplace . Luckily the pipe \L's\ " making my planner reachable . Now I can return the new planner I just bought YESTERDAY . What luck :) " 
Just got a call from < PROPFIRST>'s school . Someone in his class struck him in the back with a pair of scissors . Thank God he is okay . 
Attempting to write an \About Me\ " essay and struggling . " 
Sitting at the Ford dealership while they work on a recall issue . Hoping they are quick . 
Proud of my Blazers and their ' 09-'10 season . 
I've been quiet the past couple days . Hope everyone is well . 
Saw Avatar last night and l.o.v.e.d. it ! 
Overheard my son and his friends say , \oops . \ " That's never a good thing .... " 
What a beautiful evening ! I love PDX on nights like this . 
Bummed that the class I need to take is no longer offered during Summer Term . I'll have to wait until fall . :( 
Goodness - I deserve a medal for making the cutest babies . My son is taking baseball pics with his team and looks too cute ! 
Awesome day . < PROPFIRST > won his game , and got two hits . Got a TON of stuff done outside . And added $40 to my decorating fund . Yay . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there . Remember how important our job is today . 
A little perturbed with IKEA . A rug advertised online for 19.99 was 39.99 in the store . When I asked , a clerk stated that individual stores can set their own prices . But double ? Really ? 
I love the smell of sawdust . Especially when it's from the installation of new windows . 
It never fails that my drill needs to be charged right in the middle of a project . 
A part of me loves a person who seldom gives praise . Because when they do , it means a lot . On the flip side , when they don't , they're just plain jerks . Complicated , I know . ;) 
Had a lovely day celebrating my son's 6th birthday ! I remember his birth as if it were yesterday ... 
After a nice weekend free of social media and home improvement projects , I feel refreshed and ready to get back to it . 
Converting my basement into a den . So much of a space is how we think of it ... 
loves getting packages in the mail . Thanks Mare ! 
< PROPFIRST > only has 8 more days of kindergarten !?! 
Now that the seams of the ceiling tiles are painted in I can start rolling the ceiling . 
Never do upper body strength training the day before rolling ceiling paint . My shoulders are cursing me ! 
super duper , head in the clouds , over the < PROPFEMALE > , excited for Sunday . crazy happy I am . 
After such a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day yesterday , the rain has returned in Portland . 
i had something to say . too bad i can't remember what it was .... 
About halfway through watching \it's complicated\ " the disc started skipping and could not be played . The first half was cute ... " 
I have a crush on < PROPMALE > Baldwin . 
Sometimes I forget that I can become that which I admire . 
2:00 pm - How'd you get here so fast ? 
frustrated . 
Sick to my stomach after watching a ( sad excuse for a ) mother curse at , yank around , and literally pull her crying child out of school . 
The bad news : just found out I have glaucoma at age 29 . The good news : my opthamologist is really easy on the eyes , if you know what I mean . :) 
Really irritated that someone just pounded on my door , causing my dog to freak out and bark like crazy , which in turn , woke my sleeping two year old , only to leave two unwanted booklets on my step . Two booklets that are headed straight for the recycle bin . There has got to be a better way for them to spread their word . 
My little sister is finally on FB . I never thought I'd see the day . 
ground turkey+rice+zucchini+green pepper+tomato+chili powder = yummy 
< PROPFIRST>'s last day of kindergarten ??? 
Each time I type \kindergarten\ " I have to look up whether it is spelt with a \ " d\ " or a \ " t . \"" 
I love that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Nate McMillan comforted students at Skyline Elementary , where Kyron Horman is still missing . That is why it is so easy to be a Blazer fan . 
finally got to see my girls over coffee and delicious french breakfast foods . 
Happy Fathers Day to all the papas , especially the papa to mine ! 
The class I want to take is cancelled for the third time . Urg . Maybe the Universe is telling me that it isn't the right course of action ??? 
Had a great 4th and am enjoying the extra day off with my < PROPFEMALE > ! ( love you babe ) 
Just finished a long overdue email to a close friend . Headed to bed now . Nighty night . 
I've been out of the FB loop for a minute . Hope everyone is well . 
OMG , \Date Night\ " was hilarious ! " 
Feeling grateful to have such an awesome job , working with such great people . 
Heading back into work to organize . ( one of my favorite things to do . ) Then painting at home and enjoying the gorgeous weather . 
Today I'll remember that a humble hand reaches for growth , not perfection . 
Finally have a fully functional phone . How did I go so long ? 
brrr 
note to self : wash curtains before hemming . I washed my daughters curtains and now they are high waters- not acceptable . 
taking < PROPFIRST > for a haircut . Wednesday is picture day . 
How can I trick my son into taking cold medicine ? And how is it possible that he is sick again already ? 
I love starting my day with clear-cut goals . Thanks D ! 
Its not even 6am and I have already run errands and stopped by the office . 
Open mouth , insert foot . That's how I roll . 
My company left- time to do chores . 
Carving pumpkins with the fam . Life is good . 
So excited for opening night for my Portland Trailblazers ! I l loved the opening song-great pick . 
It's audit day at work . Wish us luck . 
Onboarding my 2nd group of 12 for their new job . Everyone is excited to start . Fingers crossed everyone gets here on time . 
TGIF . That's all I have to say about that . 
< PROPFIRST > lost his first tooth ! 
Yesterday- a much needed day of rest . Today- powering through my to-do list . First up , cleaning and laundry . 
After spending the last 3.5 hours making , cooling , cutting , and packaging brownies for my clients , I realized that I don't like baking ! Next time I'll pay someone else to do it . 
The downside to having our new Prius- deciding who gets to drive it . Its my turn today . ( finally ) 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > . You are the best father , husband , and friend a girl could dream of . I love you forever . 
My job is frustrating sometimes . Some guy just got done ripping me a new one because I wouldn't tell him what client I was recruiting for . Apparently telling him he was applying with my company wasn't the right answer for him . Good luck with your job search you abusive loser ! 
Training is going great , though I am missing my girls . 
GO DUCKS ! 
Coming up to Tacoma this weekend . What fun is going down on Saturday night ? Let me know so I can see if my mom will kiddo-sit ... 
happy as a clam 
always a special spot in my heart for old friends . sweet that they love me as much as I love them . 
Really proud of the training packets I put together for my new hires . The theme - Choose Success . I do- do you ? 
Wishing my bestie a fabulous 30th ! I know she's celebrating well in Cancun with great friends . Wish I was there . 
