Siiting at work bored not wanting to do anything , because I got laid off . 

enjoying the weekend and planning our trip to Ireland . 
Cleaned out my desk at work today . Now I have nothing to do . Oh well plenty of time to plan our trip to the UK . 
sitting at work waiting for my final day to be over , and pissed my stupid boss did not get my check sent in so now I will not have it . Typical of her to not complete things like she was suppose to . 
just found out I got a service scholarship for next year . 
Finished my last paper for school last night . Thank goodness . I feel less stressed and ready for Ireland . 
14 days until the funnest vacation of my life . Cant wait to go to Ireland . 
Its too hot out right now . The pool is even reading above 90 right now . Help where is the A/C at ? Maybe time to eat out again . We are not meant for temps above 100 up here in the NW !!! Let alone 107 ! 
off to Ireland now . 
First day back from Ireland . Can I go back ? 
Finally getting over my jet lag . Yeah . 
Is tired and sore after painting all day the past two day . A day for relaxation , and cleaning . 
is starting to feel better . Yeah . 
guess I should read what I wrote yesterday . I was waiting for my messauge , not a message . stupid automatic complete on the phone . 
I need to finish this paper and find a job . 
time to relax before craming fror psychometrics and psychopathology midterm tomorrow , sunday , monday , tuesday , wednessday . What a life ! 
Timberline may open two lifts tomorrow . Looks like an early ski/snowboard season . Anyone want to buy me a season pass ? You know that starving college student thing . 
Its been raining like crazy up here . Any more rain and I am going to need to start that ark . Our swimming pool is about to over flow from the rain , and it was around 6 inches low . 
Nothing gets the day started off on a good foot like two articles on ethics and suicide 
fisnished my last small paper for a class . Why is it so difficult to take 6 articles ( around 100pages ) of information and smash it into two ? 
Going to a pot luck at < PROPFIRST > Hersten's house today . 
Another busy week . Time to start working on a paper , while < PROPMALE > is still at work . I still need a job , no money for food . =( 
why can i not find the motivation to write this paper that is due on Thursday ? 
I am so ready for the term to be over , take a break , and need a job . Any leads ? 
where is my Congac ? 
Where is my congnac ? 
T minus four hours until im officially on Thanksgiving break . Just have to get this group presentation out of the way and talk for 90 minutes . 
In Bakersfieldfor turkey day . My alergies are crazy , I forgot shorts , its hot , and I didnt sleep well . The family better be happy i came down here from the nice cold weather . 
Got back for getting our chistmas trees , yes as in more than one . Now time to decorate . 
The clouds are coming in , its cold , and I hope its snows . But I know that wont happen . But here's to hoping . 
Christmas decorating is done . Now time to finish a take home test and study for finals . One week and my first term in the program is done . Only 8 more . 
just finished my last final a few hours ago . one term down of the doctorate program , and only 8 more to go . Yikes dissertation seems so close . 
job hunting , anyone have any leads ? 
Had an interview for a research position at OHSU today . Dont know how it went , but will find out next week . Sounds like an interesting job doing research with kids with ADHD . 
is wondering why my essay finals were graded and submitted before my online multiple choice final ? Frustrated ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night . Wait too early for that part . < PROPFEMALE > Christmass all . 
Deck the halss with bail of < PROPFEMALE > , far , ra , ra , ra , ra , Ra , ra , ra , ra . 
Nothing like a full stomach from dinner and sitting around reading , the fire , and < PROPFEMALE > christmas music . Oh and wine , shoule be a Guiness , but we are out . 
Its snowing ! Already have half and inch to an inch since 2 . Yeah . 
Hair is great . why can't I be a hippie ? 
still no luck on the job market . Any ideas ? 
so tired right now . A full day of class , Assessment of intelligence and then Cognition . Im ready to go home and relax before Neuro tomorrow , and have some drinks . 
Cant wait until I finish reading the intelligence < PROPMALE > so I can test and find victums , ops , volunteers to take it . =) 
My favorate quote of the day “What he [ Obama ] should be doing is following the right things that Bush did -- one of the right things he did was treat this as a war on terror . We had no domestic attacks under Bush . We’ve had one under Obama , ” - < PROPFIRST > Giuliani- Makes you wonder about those peopel in charge of our nation and cities . 
Docking is accomplished when clusters of protein molecules attach to other protein molecules located in the presynaptic membrane . 
Too early to be in Neuropsych class on a Friday morning . Time for my brain to start hurting . 
To one and all who have wished me a happy birthday , thank you for all the kind coments and fond wishes . 
decided not to go to study group tonight because good friends got laid off and went to have drinks with them to console them . Played video poker and wone $90+ of of a $1 . Well worth not going to the study group at this point . Ask me Friday after my test if it was worth it . 
reading and interesting article on fetism . Wow there are some interesting things that people get sexually aroused by . 
why am i suddenly stressed about the exam tomorrow morning ? Its only fundamental of behavioral neuroscience . 
Just finished a fasinating article on a cognitive model of PTSD development . Made me rethink a lot of the CBT training I have had and look at PTSD development in a different light . Very eye opening . Wow I need to get done with school . 
I need a 10-15 minute presentation idea on a simple psychology concept . Anyone have any ideas ? 
sitting around listing to < PROPFEMALE > pub music , cooking dinner , making a cake , drinking beer , wishing I was back in Ireland , and avoiding doing homework . I really should stop doing other things and go read . No I'l just keep listening to music 
watched a really interesting movie in human sexuality class tonight on men and their pursuite for the perfict penis . It is amazing what some men will do to their body and how far they will go . 
yeah the sun is out . 
Just finished a five < PROPFEMALE > assessment write up for an intelligence test , now on to study for my neuropsych test on Friday . Hope I do better on this one than the last one . I so can not wait for this week to be over . 
neuropsych test done , now time to relax a bit before having friends over tonight and starting a long weekend of more school work . But feeling nice and relaxed now that the test is done . 
Realizing that happiness is a state of mind , and that I have let my mind slip to the negative side . Time to make a switch and look for the positive . 
Happy st < PROPFEMALE>'s everyone 
beef and Guinness Cassorole for dinner , Guinness , and more Guinness . Oh and still have to do that darn paper that is due in the morning . I cant seem to figure it out . 
Neuropsych presentation on genetics and depression tomorrow and then spring break for a week . I could use a month with no school work , but I will take a week . 
In Bakersfield for the week , debating on doing school work or not this week , or if I should relax and take it easy ? 
Today's big word of the day \magnetoencepholagraphic . \ " See if you can fit it into a sentence . Got to love big words that make no since at times . " 
Back in Portland after spending a week in Bakersfield . Time for the vacation to be over and start to do school work again . I sill will take Portland with the work , over Bakersfield with the polution . 
Wow , spent the last two days of spring break making drapes for the office . Am I really that gay ? 
I am so ready for this school term to be over . Only three more weeks and its done . Yeah . 
No I swear mom , I was in those five adult bookstores for a class assignment . Who thought visiting adult bookstores could make you tired . 
< PROPMALE > really wants a hot tub for our aniversary . Someone buy him one , I dont have the money . 
Final intelligence assessment report done . Anyone want to proof read it for me ? 
Just read a few chapters , worked on poster presentation , and have more reading to do . I am so ready for finals to be done , but have to keep pushing on . 
big word of the day : psychoneuroimmunology . Can you use it in a sentence ? 
Big word of the day : \intracerebroventricular . \ " Can you use it in a sentence ? " 
The school started charging for printing posters . They want $55 for a poster 36x48 . But < PROPMALE > is my hero today . Love you . 
About to start a final in cognition in 3 minutes . But reflecting back on the day , in about three hours , thirteen years ago , I recieved a < PROPFEMALE > ( yes when < PROPFEMALE > rs were still around ) from a number that seemed familiar . A rush of excitment and joy ran over me when I made the connection that < PROPMALE > was back in town for good and at his parents 
half way point through finals week . only two more left , then I veg out . 
Assessment final done : check . Now only one more final until my brain stops hurting for a week . Yeah ! I am shutting my mind down for a week starting at 5pm tomorrow . If you need to reach me leave a message and I will return it when I decide to turn my brain back on . 
done , finished my last final . Yeah 
I am so ready for school to be finished completely and have a job so < PROPMALE > and I can take another vacation . Itally sounds good , or England , or < PROPFEMALE > . Here is to the future . 
Just finished lemon , < PROPMALE > , chardanay chicken in a cream reduction sauce with rosemery fingerling potatos , and stuffed zuccini with butternut squash . Nice bottle of wine . Hit the spot . Feels like summer is on its way . 
What a debate , got my school books in , class starts monday ; the question is shoudl I start reading or finish taking the week off ? 
Been reading all day for next term , and I think I want to get started on writing something for publication . Have a few ideas floating around in my head . Dont really know which one to run with . Guess its time to spend time online researching and reading articles . 
yeah right , racial profiling doesn't exist . Just look at Arazona ! 
Total number of pages to read for all classes class this week = 752 ; Hours of time in class this week = 14 ; Total number of hours in commute time to and from classes = 12 ; Getting a doctorate degree = why am I doing this again !? Who needed sleep and time to relax anyways . 
yeah for thunder and lighting ! 
has anyone started reading the MMPI Essentials book ? I just don't seem to be following it well , is this just me ? 
Time to start working on papers , before my meeting today . Is it 2013 yet ? 
Life is good . 
wishing the sun was out so I could sit by the pool and study for mid-terms . :( 
Ok its back , BIG WORD OF THE DAY : Psychathenia . Can you use it in a sentence ? I know its not that big of a word , but it is an odd word , and antiquated . 
I want to feel Ma-S for a while . 
You know you're in grad school , when you have a four day weekend and you spend more time reading and studying than you do drinking and having fun . Something is wrong with that picture . 
Just shy of a year of being unemployed , and I have a job . Yeah ! So it is only one day a week , for a few hours , but its a job . 
Working on my first class lecture ever . Only four hours of time to fill up . Can I talk for four hours ? 
Yeah its fleat week in Portland . 
I have a rant ! Why do people find it necessary to have cell phone conversations for an hour on the train , and im not talking social conversations . Some lady was fighting with her utility company today for an hour . I had head-phones on and turned up the music fully and could still here her conversation . 
Have no motivation today . REALLY , REALLY want the school year to end . I need a break . 
working on my lit review 
First day to teaching today . Dont know how I am feeling about teaching for 4.5 hours today . A mix of excitment and anxst . 
finished my first 4.5 hour class today . I survived and feel good about it . Now the theater and than the pride parade tomorrow . I feel good about my class . :) 
Pride Parade , done . Thank you all who showed up or provided support . 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
Why is it the first day of summer and I haven't seen the sun all day ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
been sitting on a broken down < PROPMALE > for about an hour . Have a midterm that starts at 8:30 , don't think I'm going to make it on time . 
Wondering if siting outside in the sun , by the pool is a good way to complete my take home exam for < PROPMALE > ? 
Its amazing what a little sun does to the attitude . Maybe I'll lay out by the pool today , do some homework , and get a tan . 
Time to put on some shorts and sit by the pool . 
Finished my last midterm . Yeah 
Im missing Ireland for some reason today . Is it time to go back ? 
officially out of class until next Tuesday . Time to relax before the final push of the semester . Time to sit by the pool and have some drinks . 
It should not take two days and almost 10 hours to clean the house . Why does grad school not account for maid service in my student loans ? 
Anyone want to read my lit review intro ? Its only a < PROPFEMALE > , I could use some of my fellow students imput , or imput from anyone . Let me know if you want to read it for me . 
anyone want to help me out by looking over my introduction to my lit review ? I could use some feed back . Let me know . 
I hate misiquetos 
Yeah no more class this week . Except for teaching Saturday . 
depating on not doing any school work today , and just laying out on a raft in the pool . Is it a smart idea ? 
oh well , knew things were too good to be true , time to start to cram for finals in two weeks . Nice knowing you all . 
Five more classes , then summer break . Watch out here I come . 
is wondering why i've been up since 6:30 on a Saturday morning working on my lesson plan . 
Poor < PROPMALE > is really sick , for the first time in years . 
Yeah , Finals officially ended at 9:11 this morning . No more school work for the next month . Well just that dissertation thing im starting , but no class work . 
Today's hero : Chief U.S. District Judge < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Thank you for taking a stand against descrimination and upholding the laws and constitution of our lands , and not a religious or political stance . Look him up to see what his ruling was on Wednesday the 4th . 
for all my old fellow band geeks . just came out of intermission from south pacific . takes me back to high school field shows . 
In the 90s again today . The sun went away , and now the sky is full of clouds . Its going to be a long hot sticky night . 
Yeah Dr. < PROPFEMALE > S , announced she is ending her radio show at the end of the year . No more bad advice from a hack . 
I'm such a psychology geek . I have been watching into stats lectures on youtube for over an hour now . 
for my fellow students : if you are like me and not taken stats in a while and need a review I found a good site on youtube that covers intro stats . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Judge is the lecture and he covers all intro stats principles . It is a good review and a nice resource . 
Another fun day of watching 8 hours of stats classes on youtube 
Yeah I got asked to teach again ! 
Just finished teaching my final class of the term . This teaching this isnt so bad . Now time to get started on the next term . Cant wait . 
So odd to go to school and over hear first year students talking about you by name , but in a good way . 
Took me almost three hours to get home on public transit today . 
happy b-day constitution 
a former student of mine requested to be a friend on here . I dont know how I feel about this and if I should confirm or not ? What do you think ? 
is anyone elses stats homework really long ? 
currently 65 with 97% humidity in Portland . The bus feels like its 100 at seven in the morning . 
Just got back from a dissertation meeting , and Im more confused than ever . This is a lot of work , and my brain hurts . Someone make it stop . 
I miss my magic playing friends . I have had a < PROPFEMALE > to play it again lately . < PROPFEMALE > where are you ? 
so over studying stats today . I think 8 hours is enough for one day . 
AIDS Walk was great . What a turn out . Great new experiance . 
I hate waiting for people to return phone calls . Its been four hours now since I left a message . I want to start my practicum soon . 
homework time 
I dont know what has possessed me to look up grad schools at < PROPFEMALE > College . I think im missing Ireland 
Happy coming out day . 
I feel like a human pin cushin today . Four different shots in all four quadrents of my two arms . Im tired now . 
Yeah practicum placement meeting done . Start at my sight next week , and might be seeing clients by Thursday of next week . :) 
Time to put my schooling to use , and see what I can do with geneology 
I am utterly amazed at the viral springing up of the \It gets better\ " campaine . I find this new use of the internet a facinating and touching way to reach out to the LGBT youth and show that there is support for them . It would have been nice to have had then when I was growing up . " 
Off to teach in a bit . Have I mentioned how much I enjoy teaching psychology at 9 am on a Saturday . 
Yeah , got offered a second class to teach next term . :) 
Im so over studying stats right now . Can school be done yet ? 
Sitting around drinking hot tea and studying stats on a gloomy day . Could it get any better ? 
its 11:15 , foggy , and for some reason I'm reminded of X-mas day in Bako . We don't have fog linger this long ! 
yeah , officially started my practicum today , and have already started seeing clients . 
Sitting around on a cloudy , gray day doing stats work and drinking tea . Is there any better way to spend a day ? 
< PROPMALE > is drunk on the bus right now , and the kids are at home without dinner . someone call animal control ! 
just because facebook gives you a spot for information does not mean you have to fill it in . You never know which crazy is out there looking at your junk ! 
I dont know what to day , drunk , and finally home . Should I start stats homework , or have another drink ? 
wow I need a job . bank account doesn't even have enough to buy a top < PROPMALE > . It's going to be a long Dec until financial aid comes in . 
Last full class to teach today . Yeah . 
yeah stats homework done . I figured out the stupid things I did wrong . 
I wonder how may pens i go through a year , It seems lately I am throwing away a pen every few days because I have drained it of ink . 
Its cold out , over cast , but no snow . Why wont it snow ? 
sitting here watching the snain 
why is it not snowing ? 
Artic blast 2010 , not as good as artic blast 2008 . :( Where's the snow ! 
Im disappointed in myself . Its been almost a week and I havent seen < PROPMALE > Potter , and I even have free tickets . 
its do cold right now that Lexi keeps looking doen the stairs wanting to go to the basement , and then came to cuddle on the coach to get under a blanket . 
its amaxing how fast the day goes by when you are doing something you enjoy . I love my practicum site . 
Made it home from the christmas tree lighting ceremony without being blowed up . Yeah for being safe . 
I lost my gloves on the bus this morning . Looks like its cold hads for the winter . 
and I've killed another pen this week . I need new pens . 
did i miss something ? why is everyone changing their pics to cartoons ? 
another night of little sleep . stupid east winds need to stop waking me up 
why is it when women get on the < PROPMALE > they have to have a conversation the whole time and me just sit there unless spoken to ? 
yeah , finished my lecture in under three hours . Only one more clas then everything is done for the week 
just finished my first social psych class . Dont think I've ever been in a class that had more guys in it than girls . It was fun . 
yeah passed all my classes . First stats class doneN one more to go . 
why does it bither me when I see \cluster B\ " as a diagnosis . where is my PAI/MMPI ? " 
just had the drive of my life home from my practicum . nothing like off roading through lakes at 45 mph . glad we have a truck 
Day one of CCE studying 
why did mother nature have to tease with snow today . Day three of my self imposed intervention of not talk or work around psychology almost over . God how difficult the past three days have been . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
Time to be serious and take a practice CCE test . Talk to everyone in 5 hours or so . 
finished my first practice test , but the printer wont work . I know when I finish the CCEs for real , it will be a long night of drinking . Im spent . 
swimming pool is completely frozen over . who's ready for ice skating ? 
I am feeling like I need a vacation 
Time to get ready to go teach . On the downhill side of this 17 hour day . 
it 11111 , and my sisters bday have a great prime day 
still debating to spend the money on the diversity conference in two weeks 
My cell phone broke . Paid for the insurance , which I must say , biggest rip off ever . $125 to have it replaced to pay for the deductable . I can go get the new version for $100 . Thank you AT&T for misrepresenting your insurance plan . 
less than 24 hours until the CCEs . Are you ready ? 
why am I up at 5 in themorning . Stupid CCEs got my mind going . 
CCEs done . now time to drink and wait . 
Sucks , I forgot to put \by\ " in my SPSS output so looks like a dive to hillsboro for me today " 
I need to be working on a lecture right now , but wine and buffie sounds better right now 
best line ever on < PROPFEMALE > . \it's like a meat party in my mouth . \"" 
off to seattle for the conference . Here I go for a 3 hour drive 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy bday . I think its time to find something to do and maybe get a drink or find some friends to spend time with . 
Im tired , I keep hearing IV as < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm so ready to be done with school , working , making money , and able to take vacations . 
