face book is soooo college . 

i dont see what everybody sees in your sexy body . all i see is a shallow grave trapped inside a pretty face . 
thanks to all for my birthday wishes 
i had to tell a neighbor their garage was burning down . i was just thinking earlier today itd be weird if something caught fire . 
tuesdays coming . bring on the green apple splatters ! 
i kiss kiss kiss my sis on the lips . myspace.com/karenpagemetal & myspace.com/unethicalpuppies 
farmaggedon is nigh 
< PROPFEMALE > stone torrent ftw ! 
if someone asked me what i thought was most atractive on me id have to say my sense of hearing . 
is here to put the < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > and the cunt back in country . 
i realize im not so much of a kid any more when people my age are starting to get married and personally that sounds like too much for me for at least the next 5 to 7 years . 
< PROPFEMALE > SPLINTS FROM HELLLLLL !!! 
Aliens on AMC . wish i didnt get distracted so easily . 
tonight theres gonna be a jail break somewhere here in this town ! 
terminator 2 on AMC . that channels been kicking ass lately . 
i have a $517 insurance check in my possesion to do with as i please whether that be cashing it or paying to get my bumper fixed like im suppoesed to . hmmmm ... 
doublecaketouching.com 
corky ramanos on . way better waste of time than this 
its good to know that my smoking cravings after a year of not smoking are still there and should only last for another ... rest of my life . whats the point of even being quit when im around it all the time and everyone i know smokes ? might as well accept the inevitable cancer coming my way . 
was gonna see wolf man today . got snowed in instead . A&E's got some real life shit on right now . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cd comes out tomorrow at best buy , F.Y.E. , barnes and < PROPMALE > , and rotten.com . check it bitch . 
waiting to play in nashville . the venues in front of supposedly the worlds largest adult store . i dont know about that but ive deffinitely seen the worlds biggest dildos there . 
played a good show in memphis . checked beal street for < PROPMALE > pitt as a vampire . no such luck . had an amazing deep fried burger that was made in 100 year old grease and god damn it was good . pretty good day . 
buy me super jail season 1 . k thanks . 
watching resident evil 2 . what a piece of shit . 
wouldnt mind playing some DJ hero right about now ... 
the ocaria of rhyme = sick . although i wish they would have used some other songs from the game . maybe ill make my own remix .... 
hey ! lets name our band after the name of a twilight zone episode cause no ones done that in 6 months . 
despite the awful name that sounds like it was conceived by a local casper band , Hatesphere is actually not too bad a band . 
NOODY MAGAZINE DAY ! 
who wants a wiff of this ear cheese !? 
BEHOLD THE XENOCHRIST ! 
new daughters cd on tuesday . im so stoked . 
crashing a double date to go watch shutter island . first movie ive wanted to watch in a while . hopefully its not disappointing . 
gotta drop $1300 to replace a transmission on our only means of touring transportation and fix a gas leak as well . i knew we were off too good of a start . 
needs a stick endorsement real bad . 
< PROPFIRST > was supposed to be ready today and we were supposed to be driving to tomorrows show but instead it will be ready tomorrow and we'll have a 17 hour drive to face instead of 14 and about $300 in gas to get there . awesome . 
beyonce ft . lady gaga : video phone lady gaga ft . beyonce : telephone wtf ? is pop music becoming so demanding you cant think of something else to write about and someone else to collaborate with ? 
why is it that every venue we go to every minor in my band gets alcohol except me and then i ask for it they look at me like im retarded and tell me im underage ? lost my phone too . cool . second one in 5 months . fuck sxsw . 
im your biggest fan ill follow you until you love me papa , paparazzi .... i know its gay but i love it . bed . hopefully a decent size show tomorrow and then i wanna catch the < PROPFEMALE > method , minus the bear , circa survive and jaguar love . 
should have worn pants today and shorts yesterday . its 43 degrees in texas . i didnt even know it was possible for it to get that cold here . and for those of you who care i think i lost my phone so hit me up on this . 
wow . a whole 6 people watched us tonight . talk about a packed venue . 
my new favorite drink . vodka and breast milk = the titty twister 
may's issue of decible gave the new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > album a \3\ " and compared us to dog fashion disco 3 times . im pretty convinced that the staff at music magazines know nothing about what they're talking about . on the upside we got a \ " 6\ " in outburn with a pretty positive review . all i have to say is wait for the next album when we actually have time to write . should be a whole new story . " 
going to see dillinger escape plan , darkest hour , iwrestledabearonce , and animals as leaders . i already spent $20 of my reserve money to get an airsoft gun and get shot in the face last night . hopefully this is a little more worth it and little less painful . i need a job . 
new deftones is kind of disappointing ... i thought their bass player was still in a coma too and they were going to hold off on an album till he was alright . fuckin liars . 
EVERYONE ! i have an idea ! i lost my phone in texas but somone found it and said theyed mail it back if i called them and gave them an adress of where to send it only they NEVER pick up or return my calls . i plan to bombard them with calls till they call back but i hardly ever have a phone to do it with so heres where you come in , 
met her on sunday , twas my lucky bun day if you know what i mean . 
alright explosive diarrhea , you can't slow me down for at least another 15 minutes lets do this long board run and maybe go to bed after 23 hours of being awake . ( p.s. sprinklings of random , and most likely , incorrect punctuation in my posts = my lazy attempt at sentence structure i never learned in school ) go college drop outs ! 
didnt sleep for 23 hours the day before and today just woke up after sleeping 15 and a half hours . this is going to be a fun pattern to break . friends gone for the day so im on my own in ohio land today . 
been having a lot of dreams lately . just woke up from one where i was back in high school thinking i wouldnt graduate this year cause i've taken so much time off for the band . thats the worst nightmare ever . besides the one where the airplane im in is doing back flips falling towards the ocean . 
dear inanimate place , object , or person who will never read this , i like to write mock letters to you in hopes that everyone else will read it and care . this will do nothing for my problem other than make me feel better with status comments and likes . im not sure how to say things in a forward way so the letter helps . i havent heard from you in a while . please write back . 
When traveling at a subsonic speed during the last 1 hour of hyper-sleep Which vector of the Romulan nebula will suffer the wrath of the impenetrable quickening ? and for bonus points , how many wraths to the nearest molton ? 
think i just got scammed on my credit card for a supposed identity theft company i signed up for along with some other bull shit . iiirrroooonnnnyyyyy ... now put the fucking money back in my account . 
drum withdrawls . 
going to my first drive in . 
getting high : the only way to keep the aliens from reading your mind . 
playing a show in < PROPMALE > tonight . got one more show and a recording to do before i go home the 19th . if i ever get a plane ticket . 
life's a bitch but she's totally , totally do-able . 
the kiosk in my temporal lobe is shaped like rosalynn < PROPMALE > . 
my conservative dad and step mom + my mom who hasnt seen my dad in years with her boyfriend and no friends of my brothers = will's graduation party . let the awkwardness begin . 
wonders if one of the key ingredients in philidelphia sushi rolls is AIDS . 
it's 3 am . i must be lonely . 
my biceps got so jacked after the gym the other day that i cant fully put my arms straight because it hurts so bad . looks pretty sexy if you ask me . 
i love how the smoke detector outside my room goes off whenever it feels like . i'd rather have the < PROPMALE > gottfried smoke detector from those 90's fire saftey commercials . they'ed be equally annoying but at least it would be some what entertaining . 
slipknot's bass player is dead :( 
it's only rock and roll , but i like it . 
hey ya'll got some new stuff for your body and ears .. no not my seed . i got some of my band , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s , merch . we have some stickers for free , some limited edition single's on vynil , and some t shirts were trying to get rid of for dirt cheap ! hit me up if you would like something and check us out on myspace or facebook and while you're at it , 
pissed myself , forgot where i lived when being taken home , woke up on a bathroom floor in my own vomit saying \it's not up to me\ " in response to being asked to wake up . last night was pretty much a success ! " 
Alistair : Apparently some crooked fuckers broke into my sea lab yesterday . \ 
... Crew member : How awful . Did they < PROPMALE > anything ? \ 
\ 
Alistair : It doesn't say . They probably just trashed the place . I'm so pissed I wanna spit . < PROPMALE > - tell < PROPFIRST > to load my elephant gun with buckshot . We're gonna hunt down these sickos . 
thermopolis bathes in it's own fart water . 
OMG !!!! 11 ! i just found out i have the nicktoons channel with all the old nickelodeon shows ! 
who the hell makes couples profiles ? 
Sorry to everyone if you IM me and I don't answer . My iPod keeps me logged into facebook and I drift in and out of service without knowing 
it's free donut day and wyoming is too lame to have a dunkin donuts or krispy kreme . just another pro of living here . 
No money to fill my gas tank , 500 < PROPMALE > overdue on an oil change and lost my only keys for my car . Something must be telling me not to drive my car . 
Beer pong and popscicles . We ballin tonight . 
about to go for my 2nd all nighter . woo . 
i love how professional all the local news looks . 
downloading 5 gigs of idosers . im gonna get all sorts of fucked up ... all naturally of corse . 
phones dead for the night cause my car charger decided that it didnt want to work . who wants to come < PROPFEMALE > out at work with me ? 
I wish I had a cool name like gunface 
I love waking up at 830 in the morning to plumbers banging shit on our washer and dryer in he next room but I guess I'll actually get up and be productive rather than sleep till work even though I get to stay up till 5 am tomorrow 
sufjan < PROPFIRST>'s song < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Gacy Jr. is so elegant but so morbid . 
a recomended < PROPFEMALE > for me is dancing since most people who are fans of traveling also like this . thanks facebook i knew i was forgetting to list that interest of mine . and the first food ive had in 20 hours is on its way ! thank god . 
im pretty sure those scientists who dug the mile deep hole in the earth and thought they heard hell were just listening to Sunn O ))) playing in the center of the earth . 
about to listen to < PROPFEMALE > shrieber's \Communion\ " . one professional \ 
does anyone have a car charger for an envy 3 they could bring me ? my job kind of depends on it . 
I would much rather have anything other than breakfast for breakfast . 
i guess i'll sleep when i'm dead . 
im stuck at work in bar nunn till 7 in the morning . so you know , if you don't enjoy being some place fun on a friday night you should come < PROPFEMALE > out with me ... i got movies . think it over . 
listening to stuff white people like on audio book seems like something a white person would do . 
nothing irritates me more than being called something like \hun\ " or \ " sweetie\ " by someone i don't know who is younger or the same age as me " 
oh great . so i'll be kind of like predator but instead of hunting people i'll be taking a crap . 
1 more hour of this 12 hour boring sweaty nightmare . 
stay awake and bake . 
i've made it to this point in the summer and still haven't had one bar-b-que . who's doin ' some grillin' ? 
Predators was fuckin rad 
would any of my east coast friends be interested in going to primus aug . 3rd ? 
going to visit the annual summer death trap machine tour before it leaves town . 
no primus this summer :( if they stop touring before i get to see them that'd probably be about right but in all seriousness , does anyone have a table mounted vice grip i can come and use ? 
i gotta project im working on . who wants to help me drink some beer tonight ? pabst , < PROPFIRST>'s , and lonestar to be precise ? 
i miss system of a down . especially when they were weird . 
after watching death of the electric car all i have to say is , fuck all the money hungry capalist fucks out there . we have the potential to change the planet and the future right now but we wont if there's still a few bucks to bleed out of it . im going to make my own private car company , hire on the EV1 staff , and mass produce these cars and bankrupt every < PROPMALE > car company cause apparently no one else has the balls . 
is in california for the next 4 days . 
and all you hipsters think im gaaaaayyyyyeeeeeeeeaaaayyyyy but im not gay at all . 
Dear diary , another dreary party at the Frosts ' flat . But , oh , the \ 
bitches were in rare form tonight ... 
who wants to go camping to the tetons or big horns and/or go to elitches soon ? i want to do both but i want some ppl to come with me . we can do elitches any time soon before the 9th and if we can plan the camping soon before the 9th will work but it could also be anytime after the 16th . let me know ! 
YOU FUCKING PUNK , YOU FUCKING PUNK ROCK , YOU FUCKING PUNK ROCK PROSTITUTE ! 
learning how to function on 5 or less hours of sleep ( and still feel energetic and productive , or at least tricked into feeling that way ) by < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
DMX = < PROPMALE > Mordacai Xanadu ? 
< PROPFIRST > was a race car driver , 22 years old . \ 
One too many Camparis one night and wrapped himself around a telephone pole 
girls : your gladiator sandals , and variations of , are fucking retarded looking . please stop wearing them you're only impressing other girls . 
I can see you but you can't see me . I could touch you and you wouldn't even feel me . Wait a second and you'll settle down . I'm just waiting , ' til you really let your guard down . You're relaxed , you're sublime , you're amazing . You don't even know the danger you're facing . If I'm quiet , I'll slide up behind you and if you hear me I'll enjoy trying to find you 
I love watching tv shows and movies and noticing stock music and sound effects from garage band . Really breaking the bank in the effects department with their software . 
Tuesday night at the bible study we lift our hands and pray over your body but nothing ever happens . 
think i lost my phone . again . awesome . 
i don't see my self finding my phone any time soon so if you need to get a hold me this is the place to do it and if you have an old verizon phone i could have that'd be cool . 
time to do some zoning . twilight zoning that is . 
got the phone now i need a blackberry charger . 
got guitar hero 2 and stunt man for 12 bucks at game stop . gotta say im pretty happy with my purchases 
need a ride to < PROPMALE > tonight . any takers ? 
a ride to < PROPMALE > tonight would be grrreeeaaattttt . 
still need a ride to < PROPMALE > tonight ... 3rd ask is a charm ... hopefully . 
\you look dopey with all that hair on your head . you look like a shit dope ass . \ " - Neighbor Next Door " 
friday the 13th . should be my kind of day . 
just got a \new\ " awesome RZR phn ! text me your < PROPFIRST > or leave them here . " 
Who's doing what tonight ? I'm bored as hell . 
bring on tha piss ! 
i am a def con of angora goats warning you all who pass this note its only a matter of folding time and space before i become your epidemic . 
jesus shaves 
so the only day i'm off work and have all the time i need to go to the bank and deposite my checks my bank is closed for \caring day\ " . really !? fucking caring day !? i can't wait to switch to something national that's actually HELPFUL and doesn't put hold's for no reason on my debit card all the time and has a working ATM at THEIR bank that's not out of order 75% of the time . SHIT ! " 
take that news feed 
can't wait to see machete tomorrow 
In the twilight of my life I don't need no grammys Rock my gay acceptance speech Most of all I'd like to .. Thank god For programming my beats I'd like to thank god for making me hard like I'm from the streets God wrote all my dopest rhymes Especially the ones about shooting niggaz and getting fucking high ! 
i need light up shoes for my adult life . 
life goal number 23 : win the ultimate ninja worrier challenge in japan . 
i wish wyoming got the movie \i'm still here\ " . i demand we get with the rest of the world and stop blowing it for ourselves . " 
i think my phone is about to kick the bucket . does any one have a verizon phone that i can have ? preferably not a smart phone since i dont have a data plan . 
anyone with an old verizon phone i can have ? 
this is my last weekend in casper for a while . hit me up on here if you want to do something . 
last day of the job . thank god . no more dirt up my nose and in my mouth , no more wheelbarrows , no more shoveling or heavy lifting , no more 10 hour work days and no cracked finger tips/webbing/completely calloused hands . now it's time to be poor and jobless for a while . 
Oh look at me I'm typing this on an iPad blurg de der de der it's so justifiable to buy cause it's not an over sized iPod like i thought it was from the beginning . 
... all that dacin ' makin ' my penis soft . 
got another new phone . leave me your < PROPFIRST > . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is getting played on metalheadradio.com tonight at 7pm pst . tune in and listen to the jams . 
damn i just got had . 
i'm glad i get to share a birthday with the month of breast cancer . 
hey . if you've never heard < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s music or our cd check it out on our facebook < PROPFEMALE > . finally got some tunes up on that bitch . 
so uh , this bein ' in a band thing is kind of hard . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . It made my day . I Wish we could all partake in a giant irresponsible alcoholicaust to celebrate . Been on an epic indiana adventure in search and rescue of dr. Aculas < PROPFIRST > and still haven't gotten a < PROPMALE > to drink today ! 
Gettin ' sloppy 
awesome birthday yesterday thanks to mr. < PROPMALE > and friends . and i didnt throw up ! wow ! :) 
Michigan . Were gonna be inside you . Tonight . In < PROPMALE > at Clems . 8 or 830 . You should probably come . Get it ? \ 
27253 < PROPFIRST > Dyke Ave . \ 
< PROPMALE > , MI 48093\ 
Its The < PROPFIRST > Dyke Exit on the 696 Freeway . \ 
The club is about 1 block north of the freeway . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > should be going on about 1030 or 11 tonight at Clems in < PROPMALE > MI . Come out and see me . 
my compulsion to spend is awful right now . i need to get some money in the bank asap . 
if there was a Jersey Shore movie they would have to cast < PROPMALE > Devito to play Snooki . 
sloppy sundays 
download me another hoagie off the internet . 
crushed my cell phone screen with my hip and keys . new phone time . what else is new lately ? 
fixin to get some learnin ' in D.C. and maybe check out the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > rally today . so pumped on the new intronaut cd . 
no one wants to party tonight :( kind of forgot it's sunday and i don't have a job . i want to get shitty you pussies ! 
every single day i got the white man working for me < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . shovel the crack for me baayyyybbaayy shovel the crack for me man . 
thinking about building a mini ramp in the next year or two . should have done it a year or two ago . 
breathe if you're horny 
this is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass ! 
i have seen the future : communal poop towels . 
just tried to demolish a third of a pumpkin pie . why ? just recreationally binge eating with friends . 
i was in the same room as < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > last night . that was neat . 
my < PROPMALE > book just slid off the lid of a 4ft trash can on to concrete . i think i just had a mini heart attack . 
new bigger hard drive and top case for keys replaced ... FO FREE ! and new osx uploaded . i practically have a new computer . sometimes it's good to break things . 
attn ohio : i need a job now . anyone know where to go ? 
i might just be easily amused , but search your house or friend's houses or your job around your town on google maps in the street view . its crazy to find you or your friends cars or belongings in their yard displayed on the internet for everyone to see . i think i even saw an ex co worker of mine driving his car right in front of me in street view . 
are you ever annoyed with something but it seems like not that big of a deal to even consciously think about until someone else complains and then you realize that it does suck and you should have said something a long time ago ? that just happened . 
this mess is a place 
i finally got a new phone and my new years resolution is not to let it break for at least 6 months . i make no promises . send me your < PROPFIRST > . 307 277 2585 . 
my old high school ( in michigan ) is on lock down cause someone brought a gun to school . thank god im almost 3 yrs out of that situation . 
praise xanthos ! provider of jobs ! he hath saved me from the filth of poverty once more . 
if you're so smart , explain this < PROPFEMALE > POW ! 
drunk nightmares 
\Meanwhile under < PROPFEMALE > Griffins bra ... \"" 
glad to be spending this romantic holiday in the dark watching porn at 14 kilabits per second ... haha just kidding . i got a cable modem . 
sloth love chunk 
Hey , kids , it's me . I bet you thought that I was dead . But when I fell over I just broke my leg and got a hemorrhage in my heeeeaaaaaaaaddddddd ! 
had a pretty metal moment today at work . pizza order 666 was for a guy with the last name ' Grimm ' . coincidence ? 
