Buzz , bon fire , and rain storm , my perfect new years . Damn , i got great friends . Thanks < PROPMALE > , how did i ever get along without you . 

Had a perfect New Year's Eve ... well except for the cemetary fire ... but now it's back to work tonight , that beer aint gonna bag itself . 
Three days off , and I didn't have to kill anyone to get ' em . But the thought of killin ' em still makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . I can still dream . 
AHHH ..... much quieter here , I'm still getting settled in but already it feels like home . 
Swimming in to work this morning ... Well , at least the weather is nice , but i prefer to play in the rain at home . maybe i can push a twit into a puddle . 
Minion no more ... headed back to night shift where i belong .... and with a victorious smile on my face . 
Finally home from the best night that Ive had in a long time . Could not have planned this day any better than the way it worked out . Feel like myself again , didn't realize how NOT like myself that I had been feeling . Did not realize how much stressing and bitching ; that my friends and family have been putting up with , until It was over and I took a deep breath . Thank you , I am blessed . 
Baggin beer , pushin buttons , and smilin ' for a change .... 
woke up too early , gotta go to work in a few .... bored .... sleepy ..... blaaaaaaa . Was told once , that when you just wake up in the middle of the night and cant go back to sleep , its because God is trying to speak to you and this is the only time he can get you all to himself . 
Woke up in a great mood after last night .... dinner and drinks with some of the best guys ever . < PROPMALE>'s house always makes everything better . Had a great time as usual .... Did not get shoo shoo faced for a change . I really do have awesome friends , every one of them . I'm tellin you folks , always pick quality over quantity . It makes for great memories . 
Just got called in to work 3rd tonight ... may need poked with a stick to stay awake ... but at least I'm back where I belong . ( Happy Dance ) 
Workin a double ... here till mornin ... but no complaints 
Have rattled the dishes , swept the floors , barked at the < PROPFEMALE > , bounced off the walls ... now am going to settle into a very long , very hot bath ... and shake this shit off . Oh and recharge my phone cause almost everyone that is on my sms update list is playing the \send me your number and I'll tell you what I think game\ " lol Haun's feed alone sucked the life out of one battery ... he's so popular . " 
got 12 hours tomorrow ... going to find the sand man 
Just got back from ER , with an ass full of morphine and a ruptured disc ... Feeling a little sorry for myself and hurtin ' like hell . 
Sorry i haven't returned calls or messages , just been in too much pain . full update will be in notes in a few minutes , thanks for all the concern , love yall too . 
gettin a little tired of the ceiling , and havin ' to ask for help with everything . some aspects of life should not be shared with others ... 
For one day , try to see the people in your life as they really are not just as you want them to be . It's okay , you can always put the < PROPFEMALE > colored glass back on if you dont like what you see ... just give them a < PROPMALE > first . 
I knew I should have bought more to drink ... Hey what's that in my daughters cabinet ... It's clear ... It's pretty .... the seal is broken ... BINGO !!! payback for all those teenage years . 
Going back to work tonight 5p till midnight , there will be grunting and whining ... It's sure to be fun to watch . 
I saw in Louisiana a live-oak growing , \ 
All alone stood it and the moss < PROPMALE > down from the branches , \ 
Without any companion it stood there uttering joyous leaves of dark green , \ 
And its look , rude , unbending , lusty , made me think of myself , \ 
But I wondered how it could utter joyous leaves standing alone there\ 
without its friend near , for I knew I could not .... \ 
\ 
( Aint Uncle Walt cool ) 
Were at fillies ..... where r u ? 
Okay ... nevermind ... dont do it man its a trick ... ( we gotta get a bar around here . ) 
This is the BEEEESSSTTTT chicken burrito ive ever had in my life !!!!!!!!! Ooooopss buzz depletion . 
Happiness is the morning after with no hangover . 
Hubby is already snoring . The cat is stretched out like road kill . Nothing on TV . No one on FB . I will NOT go < PROPFEMALE > out at work on my day off . I will clean out my car , I may even go wash it ( that's not the same as < PROPFEMALE > ing out at work , its next door ) . I will water all my plants , walk around my yard and confuse the dog .... Watch the sun rise and then I will go to bed like a normal person . I hate being the only one up . 
Sitting at home gratefull for the quiet time alone with my thoughts ... is that a cricket i hear ? I think ill make some tea ... ( Going to car wash ) ) 9 ) 
Okay guys i just got a friend request from mels dog ... the pre intervention meeting will be at my house over breakfast . We got to get her in a FB 12 step . 
I'm standing in line at walmart on xmas < PROPFEMALE > , WITH EVERYONE ELSE 
Working tonight ... going to cook up a few traditional white trash Christmas snacks to take to work . Hope < PROPFEMALE > can find me tonight ... would hate to miss that coal lump . 
WooooooooHooooooooo Snooooowwwwww 
Caught snow flakes on my tongue , threw a snow ball at < PROPFEMALE > , walked in the parking lot till my hair was white , I feel like a kid and I want to go play . 
Family issue to take care of next week , won't be around much . Came up suddenly , canceling New Years plans too , sorry . 
Still waiting ... mom took a '' goody powder '' this morning before surgery (?!?!) But they are going ahead . Will post when I know something . 
Mom's out of surgery ... NO METS ... they got everything , it was just real big . No chemo unless pathology says different . 
The new year is approaching and like many others I'm wondering ... do I want the coming year to be the same , do i close my eyes and jump or stand still ? 
One more day left .... maybe falling would be as good as jumping ... it's better than standing still ( feeling a little old today ) 
Off work ... so tired . Spending my new years < PROPFEMALE > in low gear . Everyone have fun and be safe . Luv ya . See ya next year . 
wow ... getting sleepy ... and its still night . think i'll give it a try ... see how the other half lives ... good night all 
No status , No thoughts , just felt the need to update .... 
99 Cases of beer we have bagged .... 99 Cases of beer .... Is this really a job for a grown up ... At least i aint wearin a hair net , gotta look for the bright side . 
Home in bed at last , thick cotton sheets , an old movie I've seen too many times and warm fuzzy PJ's . For now it's all good . 
All rested and ready to face the world , or at least my own little corner of it . The < PROPFEMALE > is shinning , the owls are hooting , the bats are flying and all is right with the world . well unless you count the things i cant control , like people . 
c'mon folks GO HOME and wait for the snow , no we don't have kerosene , bread , or beer on sunday ...... I need a hug :( 
At the store till 6am !. ( < PROPMALE > , that hug has worn off ) 
Store is staying closed . I got 2 days off , And nothing to do . Where is a bad influence when u need one ? 
At work . Not to the point that i need a hug yet ... but its gettin there . Right now just a smoke and a trip to the bathroom would do . 
I'm on the backside of thirty ... the short side of time ... i'm back on the bottom .... with no will to climb ... Something is WRONG with my radio . 
Starting a new status ... at 105 comments the last one is gettin a little long ... no more country music ...... I promise . 
I don't want to get up ... Got to be in by 8 . Too far and too snakey . Wish i could just roll back over and snore . 
Last 10 hour shift then 4 days off . If my boss ever learns to lay the schedules end to end , then I'm screwed . Finally gonna get the '' snow goo '' cleaned up !!! 
I am off for 4 days ... they may have to retrain me . Got friends to hug , drinks to drink , and memories to make .. ambitious for 4 days ain't I ? Better get started . 
Dinner and drinks at < PROPMALE>'s last night , woke and saw the sunrise . Still got three days off , And the most awesome friends and family to spend them with . Blessed . 
Sitting in the waiting room at my DH's Dr. ...... Why do the talkers sit by me . Do i just LOOK like I want to bond with total strangers . 
GOOOOOOD MOOORNING !!!!!! Okay folks , time time to crank up up the tunes , get the kids on the bus , and the lead out of your ass . It's a good day , enjoy it . 
I am standing OUTSIDE in a non smoking area ... where an ambulance is blowing diesel exhaust on me . ( 10X more cancer causing than cig smoke ) just sayin .... 
Proved I can can play cards sober last night , had a ball . Great '' pig ass '' < PROPFIRST > . Love you both , lets do it again soon . 3/6 Bf in 2 off days ... not bad . 
Last night off gotta make it count , I've hugged , I've drank , I've made memories . All the things I said I would do .... I have even got in touch with some old friends . Who or what did I leave out ? All suggestions welcome .... 
Morning again .... hey my DH didn't come home last night ... And i slept through it . Had the whole bed to myself and stayed on my side anyway ... damn . 
Been sitting here 15 minutes waiting for that little clear spot on my windshield to get big enough to see through .... I WANNA GO HOME . 
How do you get a song out of your head ....? been there for 2 days . Why does that happen anyway !?!?! \ 
Just one more moment\ 
That's all that's needed\ 
Like wounded soldiers\ 
In need of healing .... 
Must get up ...... must ..... get ..... up ..... auuuuuuuugggggggghhhhhhhhh . Maybe someone will throw me in the shower and dress me . Just dont think i have the will . 
Okay boys and girls I'm bright tailed and bushy eyed . Have your ID ready , form a single line and please don't Giggle or yell at the cashier . Aaaauuuuuuggghhh . 
( PHRASE OF THE DAY ) Rightious Indignation : Contempt or disgust over a percieved mistreatment or injustice . Let's all find at least one indignation today . 
So what do you do when you wake up after 5 hours , and cant go back to sleep ....... FB . What did i do before i could post random trivial info about my life at 5am 
Felt like spring all day .... Nice to get three of the four seasons in one month . Nothing like Alabama weather . Maybe tomorrow I can play in the snow again . 
I hate to do this to everyone ( including me ) , but I had another episode with my back yesterday . Soooo as bad as I hate to , I'm going to listen to my Dr. and lose the rest of the weight . I had hoped it would not come to this but it has . It should only be really bad for a few days . Please be forgiving , I'll understand if I don't hear from some of you for a few days . 
Well the diet / exercise is underway and nobody has died yet . Days off are over and I'm back to work the rest of the week . Almost afraid to say it outloud . But life is pretty good . Uneventful has become a good thing .... at least in small doses . 
Woooo hooooo i have a working phone again . Much better . 
Two weeks till spring training ... Thank God . April 8 Phillies @ Braves . I can see the light at the end of the tunnel . 
The last day of my work week , makes me feel like a teenager . I wanna lay out , drink , laugh with friends and hope i dont get caught . But i'll be there 4p-9p . 
Just saw the first sign of spring , in the parkin lot . Leather and loud pipes beats tulips and butterflys anyday . 
Just clocked out . Off for three . Husband is gone tonight . I see potential here . ( To get the remote to myself ) 
The house is quiet , not so with my thoughts ... I would never make it as a Buddhist . There's just too much stuff swirling around up there . '' Hey ... that's where I left my car keys .... cool . Damn , forgot to get cat liter . What did he mean by THAT . Great , now that song is stuck in my head again . Did i pay the car insurance . '' lalalala I'm not listening to you .... er .... me . 
I dont highlight my hair .. I still got a pair .. honey , I'm still a guy . Aww my eyebrows aint plucked , there's a gun in my truck .. I'm still a guy . ( Stuck in head ) 
Last night off . Quieting the dust bunnies , sorting through old photo's . Embarrassing uploads sure to follow in upcoming days . 
4:15 and Ive got 2-3 inches in my yard . Going in early , wouldn't want anyone to be without beer in a blizzard . ( I already got mine ) Takin ' an overnight bag this time . Got a little rumbled and grumpy last time ... think I'll take some extra meds too .... couldn't hurt . :} 
Well i made it TO work ... anybody know how i'm gettin ' home ( or when ) It's not as much fun this time ... lol 
I'm alone again at last ... wasn't sure i was gonna make it with '' spend the night '' company . 
Bored out of my mind ... now that it's NOT snowing everyone has gone home . 
I need to be on my way to work right now ... can't seem to get off the couch or the ' puter . I think it's time for a fun off day , I've been a grown up too much lately . ( Well my level of grown up anyway . ) Time to revert . 
Have not had any sleep AT ALL . ( Too much coffee before bed ) Past silly babble about 2 hours ago . On my way to work anyway . Come by and watch ... live entertainment no cover charge . I wonder if i can juggle beer . 
Slept all day ( 3:15 pm ) , woke , yawned , scratched , sent hubby out for b'fast ... er ... late lunch . The house is quiet ... My MIND is quiet for a change . My phone is NOT ringing . It's not snowing . And I have 3 whole days to fill with whatever I want . Damn , this is NICE !!!! 
Spending the night alone listening to Nickleback and beating my demons over the head with empty Smirnoff bottles . ( My mind was closing ... now I'm believing ... I finally know just what it means to let someone in ..... to see the side of me that no one does , or ever will ... ) Whapppp !!! got one , quick little buggers . 
Well there's the sun ... time to bury the bodies and throw out the bottles . ( if you are confused see status update a few hours ago ) Everything looks different in the light of day and the pretense begins anew . Thank goodness for pretense and rationalization ..... yes , that is sarcasm folks . 
Back to work today ... looks like they could just send me my check , pay for 100% of my health insurance , and give me my raises without having to deal with me in person for 36 hours every week . I think it would be easier on everyone to do it my way . I think I'll bring it up at the next meeting . 
Last night ( third shift ) one of my customers brought me dinner ! Not from a drive through but something he cooked himself . ( It was great , BTW ) I have waited on him for over a year now . I don't even know his last name . Most nights I feel like just a name tag behind the counter ... But this guy made my night !!!! How cool was that ? 
I have to go to work ... Must put down the keyboard .... MUST .... PUT DOWN .... THE KEYBOARD !!!!!! Auuughhh . Would one of you kind souls come pry this out of my hands and shove me toward my car . ( okay 30 more minutes and I'm going ) 
Happy Valentines Day to the best friends and family that I could ask for . I love you ! 
34.869 , - 111.760 
OH God ... I woke up on my on .... at 5am .... after sleeping all NIGHT .... my body is soooo confused right now ... What is it you people say at times like this ... \Good Morning ? \"" 
Doing taxes first ... crying later ..... drinking after that . ( It helps to get organized ) 
Angel and the Badman .... on Hulu , while I'm facebooking . I can multitask at time wasting . Oooo if i just had one more screen I could play mafia wars too ............... I'll have a beer instead . 
For < PROPMALE > , i'm not at my ' puter .... gotta kill some time before i run some errands .... could not respond to your message or comment , but i got both . Sry bout mixup . 
Going to bed ... just can't take much more today . Do you every wish you could some completely undo ever knowing someone ? Just like it never happened and the entire chain of events disappear ? Why are there people that would rather make others miserable than make themselves happy ? No answer necessary , I never had an answer for those who asked me . 
Woke up feeling < PROPMALE > over and wrung out ... didn't even drink . Gotta make changes ... why can't people just F'n act right so I don't have to rearrange my whole world to have some sanity . I'm begining to think that there are some serious pathologies just walkin around out there passin ' for normal . 
If we create our own reality then I am seriously self destructive .... I'm not sure some of this foolishness is within my creative ability ... Beer night lol . 
Off to bed , I have to be back at work in 5 hours ... Look for me ... I'll be the old hag in yesterdays clothes , no makeup and decapitated head hanging from my name tag .... guess who's ? 
Catching up on missed episodes of < PROPMALE > and Californication .... How did I make it without Hulu.com . All my guilty pleasures in one place and I can still play mafia wars while I watch . ( yep , burnin IQ points every second ) 
Had a fight with my daughter , yelled at my grand kids , canceled plans with a good friend for the third time , Should probably quit bitchin about work , at least there i'm competent . I get why people do drugs , ( harder ones than I do ) there are times that just don't want to be what I am any longer ; but don't know how to change . Oh well , back to life .. 
at work 
smirnoff and nickleback don't mix well with a 3 am wake up call .... but life is full of tough choices . Work has let me down lots of times ; a buzz and nickleback never has . Always know who ( or what ) your friends are , and where the bottle opener is . 
On my way to work ..... auuughh may the masses be merciful . I soooo hate first shift . 
Gotta be back up in 6 hours and I'm WIDE AWAKE ..... a victim of my own stupidity once again . Bored too ... guess I'll spend a few hours on YouTube ... there's just nothing to do in the daylight ! 
Aaaand were up again ... Third time today , I don't know if I'm really awake or typing in my sleep . Good thing I've got pills for that , I wish I had pills for stupid , so I wouldn't agree to shifts like this ... but I'd probably just give them away to those who need them more . 
Don't know if its me or the weather ... I just don't want to work . I want to play outside with my friends , watch lightning storms , laugh , hug and dance . That just doesn't pay very much . So off I go ....... 
Why is it that if women are complex they're crazy ... but if men are complex , they're deep ? Had a good night last night ; a little \complex\ " but worth the trouble :) Back to work tonight . Praying for a spring storm to watch and a car hood to sit on . Nite all . " 
Second sign of Spring : Hubby workin ' on the lawn mower , outside my window , while I'm tryin ' to sleep ... Good morning !!!! auuugh . 
Soooooo Bored . Can't believe this is the same store on Sunday night . 
Been at my daughters house on a school night .... my head hurts . But I love my very loud kids sooo much . All of them !!! and it seem like there is about 20 of them right now .... 
Branna pee'd in the potty ... without being reminded !!!!!! Happy dance !!!! 
Made it through one more boring WEEKNIGHT . ( I know you see this < PROPFEMALE > LOL ) There is only so much socializing that I can do with sober people on their way to a straight job . They just don't appreciate my humor . 
Taxes are finally done , now I need to go to wal-mart . After that I think I'll stick pins in my eye and make it an all around self torture day !!!! Worth it though at least its over ... No more grown up stuff till I go back to work ... and not much then . 
strawberry ... no banana ... wait Pineapple !!!! okay .... banana . Shit , can't we just go back to the purse or bra thing ? 
I am without a working phone AGAIN , ( and it's < PROPFIRST>'s fault ) I'm going to get a replacement today , hopefully ... but until I do facebook or my daughter is the only way to get in touch with me . Do Not call Mom's number ... she'll come bangin on the door like the PoPo and like it . Just message me here . 
I have a phone again ... same number . Same phone . I just dried it again ... maybe it will work till I get my new one ... The < PROPFEMALE > up button isn't working good so I can't be held responsible for what you overhear when I think I have < PROPMALE > up with you . Sorry . 
Lesson for the day . Beer soaked socks are worse than snow soaked socks . 
Got 20 < PROPFEMALE > to get to work ... and i just woke up . I don't think I'm gonna make it on time . At least the morning cig gave me time to check fb before i get in the shower . lol Gotta have your priorities straight . 
10 o'clock Is slow coming ... I need a drink , a hug and OUT OF THIS BRA !!!! ( Sorry for the overshare ) 
< PROPFIRST > SHEEN 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict with no morals . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 , < PROPFIRST > G . Stark , 22 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status 
Newest addition to the midlife crisis ... Lettin ' the girls do my hair , 43 seems a little old for purple tips and a skanky perm ... but at least my hair grows fast . Maybe i should have started drinking first . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using four words , write what would you say to me . Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along - four words are harder than you think 
Damn I have great friends !!! The one's that give up sleep to < PROPFEMALE > out with me on my schedule , at my work , the one's I can't get off the phone with ' cause they just make me laugh too hard . The one's that dance in the parking lot with me and don't care who sees . I really do love you guys , I am very blessed . ( sappy moment for the week ) 
Hallelujah .... No more purple ... Went back to what may be close to my natural color ... had to guess . \ 
Easy night at work , bed all to myself ... For the next 12 hours life is good . I will dream of bon fires , beer , loud pipes , good friends and wake up happy . 
Still at work .... feel better soon Diane ... you got me some OT ... and with m'girl < PROPMALE > . I'll buy u lunch ( once you feel like eating again ) lol 
Yawn .... stretch .... scratch ... whine ... take a pill ( or two ) ... grunt .... The < PROPFEMALE > is shining , the owls are hooting ... beautiful start of a new day . Time to point my nose toward the horizon , hold my head high and stagger off to face the future ; one pothole , sharp object and f'in idiot at a time . 
Got to run errands this am ... working tonight .... pillow is calling me ... I don't want to be a grown up . I need a nap . 
imup .... i'm up .... I'M UP !!! ( auuugghhh ) My husband ENJOYS waking me up .... bastard . 
I hope heaven smells like coffee ... 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies 4hrs . a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There is a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Just can't stand it anymore it's spring !!!! First thing in the AM I am going to buy paint and grout !!! Anyone got a spare room that I can put my husband in for a few days !!! lol 
Wondering if i wronged the paint mixer at Lowes in another life .... did they get this chic after she got fired from walmart ... DAMN 
Wonderful news ... ( not ) my painting has morphed into full scale demolition . Have pulled up laminate and now am replacing a 2x4 foot section of sub floor that had apparently gotten wet this year . Laminate is hides a world of sin ( and damage ) . Thank God , the joists are okay ... but were gonna be using the back door for a day or two . Glad I got three off next week . I'll post pics when I stop crying , lol . 
May those that love us , love us . \ 
For those that don’t love us , \ 
May God turn their hearts . \ 
And if he doesn’t turn their hearts , \ 
May he turn their ankles , \ 
So we’ll know them by their limping . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > toast 
Was just listening to NPR ( yea , I know ) . Let me get this straight , the western resources are spread so thin that we ( and Europe ) are \hoping\ " that < PROPFEMALE > will inforce the \ " no fly zone\ " over Lybia . That aught to give us a little perspective . " 
Heading to work .... may be a break in the conversations .... i don't text and drive . I'll catch back up when i get there . 
I am going to have an awesome night , I can just feel it . Everyone is going to be nice , nobody is paying for gas with a crown < PROPMALE > back full of pennies ( and one guitar pic ) , the store will not look like hell when I get there , and some really hot guy will just smile at me ..... Oh hell , I'm awake now , never mind . 
3 hours sleep and I can form sentences .... cool , half the battle is over . Gonna suck by 9 or 10 tonight though ... But If i can make it through the haze I've got 3 days off to recover . Damn , I need it too ... that damaged floor is still looking at me and my unfinished walls are feeling betrayed .... not to mention the ETOH in the fridge . 
ShooShoo faced tired ... emotionally drained ... back pain is about a 6 .... Wishing for something that will redeem this day . 
7 hours sleep and a muscle relaxer has made me a new woman . Time to drag out the pry bar , saw , and nail gun and see if i can screw up my back again ..... I have no choice it's spring !!!! 
Went SHOPPING today ..... bought clothes that FIT ... from the girls side of the store !!!!! I can't say that it was fun .... but I did it . I also bought a leather bag and some slutty boots ... that I didn't have to buy ..... I DID GIRL STUFF !!!! 
Got a write up at work , a co-worker is pissed at me AGAIN ..... and I was OFF today ... Glad I wasn't there , no tellin ' what would have happened LOL 
Beer and Oysters at Wintzell's ... back to < PROPMALE>'s for wine and doughnuts .... somebody needs to pour me into the car and take me home ... I love my friends !!!! 
COFFEE ????.. here , coffee , coffee , coffee , coffee ?.... momma needs you ... Where are you hiding ? Auugghh ... i can do this ... I can drive to .... no ... i cant ... but I must ... DAMN !!! I'M GOING !!!! 
Is at work and oddly relaxed and happy .... in spite of everything that IS wrong right now i am trying to focus on my blessings .... which are many !!!!! 
Thanks for all the offers of help and prayer , < PROPFEMALE > is out of recovery and impatiently waiting to go home ... Have not been given results but she's seems to be her usual sweet self , so I am assuming all is well ... That's my apple . Thank God !!! 
My blessings are still many ... annoyances are few . Probably much better than I deserve on both lists . Seeing more each day that God really does put in our path exactly what we need . It's up to us whether to take a < PROPMALE > or back down ; So for now I pray for courage . 
3rd sign of spring ... 4am and they are still staggering in drunk .... hope none of ' em get hit with a bass boat 
Finally made it home !!!!.... awesome light show over my house ... gonna sleep soooo good . I love thunderstorms !!! 
I have now donated another 30 bucks to Alabamas '' Seatbelts are a pain in the ass fund '' .... Thank you officer and have a nice day ... 
Bored ..... 
Just got back from mel's ... Loooong breakfast .... too much coffee .... too much babble ... never enough time with my friends . 
Auuugh , gotta go to work at 11am tomorrow and I just got up a few hours ago ... not smart .... probably couldn't sleep anyway .... husbands not coming home tonight , wish I could enjoy the bed to myself . Guess I'll catch up on mafia wars and be a fb whore all night . I really should learn how to deal with be bored someday ... er .. productively deal with being bored . 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . These children deserve the best and are the true heart of my very soul . 
Gotta leave for work in a few ... I still have not got a call back about tomorrow and the weather ... nobody is answering the phone . Not a good sign , gettin ' pissy again ! I'll let everyone know when I do . Man , I hope God isn't trying to teach me < PROPFEMALE > again , don't think I can handle it !!! 
The jump has been moved to 2pm tomorrow . Supposed to be clear by then . I promise no more spazzing , Reverting to stark fear , thanx for putting up w/me luv u all 
Woke up 43 Years old and HUNGRY !!!! Going to breakfast see ya'll soon !!! Gonna be an AWSEOME F'n DAY !!!!!! 
Canceled ..... drinking 
happy birthday to me happy birthday to meeeeeee !!!! Weeeeeeeeeeee 
Longest birthday party ever ... not used to drinking for 12 hours straight . Am already dreading the uploads . Hubby is sleeping it off ... and me ... I'm just up \thinking\ " like always ... " 
Well just crawled out of bed ... no < PROPFEMALE > over .. ( miracle ) Just to catch up anyone who had to put up with me over the last month . Just as we were all getting into our cars to go to cullman they called and canceled the jump . There will be no drama next time , may just pick a day and sneak off ... lol 
If you are not free to be who you are , you are not free . 
The scary part of becoming who you are really meant to be is the fear that the people you love will reject the unfamiliar . People rarely see you as you are , they see you as they need you to be . In the end you choose between what you need and what they need and hope that there is something left of your heart when it's done . 
Debated going to work tonight ... I lost . Soooo lets see now , where did I put that happy-beer-bagger-face . Oh , there it is ... over there in the litter box ... just where I left it . Guess everyone is stuck with the real me !!! 
To chasty .... HE cooked out today ... BBQ , BAKED BEANS , < PROPMALE > N CHEESE ... just brought me a plate ..... Its '' get it all over u '' good !!! Were even again . 
rain ... country music .... night off .... BEER RUN !!! I love the rain ... gonna be a good night !! 
Sittin at the shell .... every thing fried ,... lights outside off ... door with a sign .... but i got my beer first .... BAAA HAAAA 
A real woman always has a clean house , empty laundry basket , is well made-up , smells good , is slim , healthy , eloquent and is perfectly well-behaved . ... Copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man ..... 
Going to the DMV this morning .... already got the same feeling that i get when i have to go to wal-mart . 
No car tonight .... nice . I hate being hauled around . It's like i'm 15 again .... without the benefit of being young . 
LMFAO !!! You found the door , just make sure you stay gone ! And whatever this is leading up to ... I promise you don't want to start it !! I've let too much go in the past ... I won't anymore . I saved every knife that I took out of my back , even the ones you THINK I don't know about . I'll help < PROPFEMALE > out if you give me a reason to , so DON\T !! " 
Does anyone other than me ever get tired of being strong and thick skinned ? Do you ever just want to be free , happy and unafraid ? To know that love is unconditional , friends ARE forever and it really IS okay to be who you are ? Are any of these things more than fairytales ? 
Dang , slept all day !!!! hope I'm caught up now . Need my strength for wal-mart . I would put it off if it was just food or beer we were out of ... but Ive got to have cat liter and pig ears . The pets have me trained !!! 
A mother thinks about her children day & night , even if they're not with them . A mom loves her children in a way that they will never understand . A mom will be there for her children when no one else will . A mom will take a bullet , stand in front of a train , & ask God to take her instead of her child . If you have children that you love as much as I love mine post this as your status ? 
Gotta work tonight , time for a nap ... I love naps , I think it should be a law that we all have to take a nap every day . Ooo and have at least one beer , eat dark chocolate , have great sex , 4 day weekends , low taxes , legal pot ... Hey , I just created a Utopian Society ... all because of a nap ... see naps are good . 
Status update deleted , due to graphic personal nature of comments and unavoidable future regret of the act of hitting the share button . Replace this message with any rant of the past month ( both on and off facebook ) for an accurate assessment of my mood . Thank you and have a nice day ! 
What a way to wake up !!! Damn , I love the thunder and lightning !!!! 
Do you ever just smile to yourself and think , \Damn ! life is good !!!! \ " ? Sweet dreams .... " 
This is the official start of my off days , ( trumpets sounding in background ) . I will not feel guilty about what I don't get done , I will not make myself crazy with details . I will remind myself of this in about an hour ... when I start to make myself crazy . I WILL RELAX !!!!! Yea , wish me luck ..... 
Auughh , left the bedroom light on .... so when I woke up , just now . Thought I had slept till lunch . That's gonna take a minute to shake off ... maybe driving in the dark to get cigs will help . 
On my own tonight , I thought about going out .... but eating pizza in bed , talking on the phone and FB'ing sounds better . If the hicks across the creek are finally out of ammo and PBR I can safely walk in my woods tonight too . Moonlight is more relaxing without birdshot bouncing off the cedar trees . 
Good morning all .... busy , busy , busy ... and in the sunlight . Maybe everyone will be competent today .... everywhere i go .... and nice too !!!!! BAAAA HAAAA 
Just finished brushing my pyrenees .... anyone need to stuff 10 or 12 pillows .... I'm sure the smell of \skunk ape\ " will go away soon !!!! " 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by pandas . Pandas are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by pandas . 6% of people are sitting in their showers armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
Let us not forget , folks : IT'S ALL ABOUT ME !!!! Anymore nights like last night and I'm adding a cover charge ! ( AND A BOUNCER !!! ) I'm not working without certain necessary considerations , those considerations were missing last night , if it happens again ; I'm gonna start pickin off customers , loiterers and fan club members . I hate for it to come to this but DAMN ...... 
Hubby bought me flowers , THE KIND THAT COMES WITH DIRT !!!!! Going out to play in the yard !!! 
Have a blessed day everyone .... carry with you the victory that this day represents . 
Finally home after a very long day ... for some reason , most of our customers were pissy after visiting with their families today . Any kind words out there for a tired , mistreated beer bagger ? 
Can't hold my eyes open any longer , got to have a nap ... good night , sweet dreams . 
Ya know ... life really does go on . But you have to go on with it .... and I am . A thousand cups , really isn't enough .... with friends !!!! 
Bored out of my friggin mind and cant sleep .... 
Got all my '' can't live without '' shit in the car , ready to go to moms . Store has called wanting me to work ... normal tornado weather . Be safe all , love you . 
People who get pissed off easily ... should be pissed off more often . Learn it , practice it , make it your own . It's workin great for me today ..... 
Sitting in the dark , we got only minor wind damage . Glad it's over . Hope everyone made it as good as we did , but haven't heard .... 
 ? 1Had to go to gadsden 4 kims check . Now I'm @ walmart with d'rest of < PROPFIRST > county . No meds refilled , No flashlight , bread , good coffee , water , canned f 
 ? 1ood nor breathing room ... gas lines are 30 deep with 50 & 28 tags ... one bag of charcoal and I got it !!!! Hope to be home today ... lol 
Got the last drop of regular @ murphys ... Ppl were IRATE , i got the hell out out ... omw home ... too fun much fun today ... 
Second night around the back yard campfire , No lights to drownd out the stars , creek is still flowing , and i have NO STRESS . I don't miss power right now ... 
Aauuuugh . Need a fire to make coffee .... need coffee to make a fire .... 
Bored .... Never thought id say this but be glad when the sun is up 
As i recall it ended much too soon ... oh what a night .... EVERYBODY SING ...... 
Pantry north has power . WooooHoooooo 
Workin 6p -- 6a Tonight . HAPPY DANCE !!! I can charge my phone , listen to music , have ice in my drinks ... Hell i'll even be happy to do my job . 
Wooo Hooo finally got power !!! I love hot water !!!! Life is good !!! 
Finally home . Last night had some good points but overall ... disappointing . Wanted to be somewhere ..... else . Guess my off days had me spoiled , glad I've got 3 more starting now . 
Just stopped by work ... my boss should get the flu more often ... i have 4 days off next week . Happy dance ... I dont even care that i'll work all weekend 4 em 
