Everyone , for now , until I am personally online at home , please stop sending farmville requests and others . I don't have enough time to do them right now . Thanks ! 

I added some of my own speed paintings on youtube under icyttic , they were fun to make , and hopefully fun for you to watch . Drop me a line and tell me what you think 
I have a son who still never ceases to amaze me when it comes to the awesome individual that he is , and for the first time in my life , I have found true love and happiness with a wonderful man . 
http://www.chatarmy.net/icy register on my site today ! Registration is free ! Play classic games like pacman , frogger , space invaders , etc . Start blogging today ! More member items are being added . Be 1 of the first 20 to register and recieve special permissions . Grow with icy-bytes.com! 
I found cousin < PROPFEMALE > .......... 
My brother is simply jealous ......... 
my website URL is now active http://www.icy-bytes.com 
watching x-men origins 
lol 
Happy Easter to all 
I feel like stirring it up ...... just a little ! 
For those who wish to visit us , please call first , no surprise dropins ! 38 0-0 523 ! 
Got a nice beer buzz going on ! Yo to muh homies scattered all over the globe ! Hey Hey Hey , to my peeps in Russia and the UK ! 
These two days off have been wonderful for Will and I . He's my best friend , and I love & adore him ! 
Was offline for a week , am back now ......... sorry for any slow responses ! 
some people are completely clueless ....... 
People should quit hurting one another .......... 
I just posted pics of our garden , everything is growing now .... check out our sunflowers ! 
I started a new perscription medication today called fuckitall . \ 
bite me ! 
Momma < PROPFIRST > has spoken ! I shun the naysayers ! 
Control is an illusion . 
sleep dark my friends 
Have a nice day everyone ! 
Thanks everyone for the Happy Birthday ! Love you all ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there . 
my co-workers are cool 
Free Falling by < PROPMALE > Petty ....................... 3 simple chords ............... capo on 3rd fret ............... D , G , and A 
Monday we start our little road trip , will be glad when it's over . 
visit my website and sign the guest book .......... it's kinda empty because I just added it http://www.icy-bytes.com 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7X7sZzSXYs 
I want to continue smiling at perfect strangers , and sending them the silent acknowledgment , that they are not alone . 
The demonic weeds have overthrown the garden , and I must find the courage to defeat them and win it back before it's too late . Wish me luck ! I plan to attack them early in the morning whilst they slumber bwahahahhaha . 
My website guest book is kind of bare ! Please visit my website and sign my guest book ! 
Can't Sleep ! 
Never expect more from others , than you are willing to give of yourself . 
The\ 
absolute best vegetables to help speed up weight loss are green \ 
vegetables- Collard Greens , Spinach , Swiss Chard , Brussels Sprouts , \ 
Broccoli , Cabbage . 
Strawberries , \ 
Raspberries and Blueberries are at the top of the list when it comes to\ 
helping speed up weight loss . You might be worried about the calories in strawberries but you need to realize there are only 74 per cup and those are the calories you want . There are even fewer calories in raspberries . They will give you energy , make you feel great and help burn off fat very quickly . 
Barley - Barley is high in fiber and helps your body metabolize fats and\ 
cholesterol . You can use barley as a grain or as a breakfast cereal . 
ugh I can't sleep ! 
Wow ! I used to be really thin !!!! 
there the black and white looks better ...... the color quality of that photo isn't all that great . 
You monkeys ( humans ) , only THINK that you are running things ..... 
It's not the depth of the rabbit hole that bugs me ... \ 
\ 
It's all the rabbit SH*T you stumble over on your way down !!! 
Got my hair cut and muh eyebrows done yesterday , it looks betta . The hair is in more control now , and the caterpillars that were sleeping on my forehead have been slaughtered . 
Oh and Will loves it ! 
had to do the black and white thing 
I hate being sick ......... 
Mojo has his moment as a profile pic too , ya know ! 
I miss everyone , will be back online soon ! 
I am back online now ...... 
Just sitting here , accomplishing absolutely nothing . 
Oh I am digging this \Book Of Thoth\ " Forum ....... lol " 
Have a doc appoitment at 2pm ...... Hopefully they can help me out and fix my issue ! 
http://www.youtube.com/user/krittybean#p/u/1/t66_8nZxU4s 
Will be glad when the pain stops completely . The evil gall bladder has been banished from the land of < PROPFIRST > . 
Happy Holidays to everyone ! 
I miss my family and other loved ones ....... the christmas blues have me tonight 
OMG I found my old friend Dorist on facebook ! Woohoo ! 
I am stuck in quiz mode .............. damn my morbid curiosity ! 
Having a good day . and am looking forward to getting back to work this weekend . Two weeks off after having that stupid surgery has been annoying . Soon everything will be back to normal ! 
Happy New Year Everyone ! 
check out my website , and be sure to sign my guestbook ! http://www.icy-bytes.com 
I need to avoid emotional vampires . Goodbye little sister , it's been real . 
What is the cause for the massive bird and fish deaths around the world , all in the year 2011 ? Apparently smaller instances of this has happened over the years , but this is the worst yet . What do you think ? 
My site has finally been moved to the new server ........ finally ! And at a great price ! 
And for those of you who want to dog < PROPFEMALE > , more than likely , your favorite musicians were < PROPFEMALE > fans ! 
It's amazing what we are taught to believe about ourselves and the world around us ....... Sometimes the things we are taught to believe are not always positive . It's also amazing how very difficult it is to convince yourself that there is so much more to life , beyond what you were conditioned to believe . Some people stay trained , while others spend their lives fighting it off . Which type are you ? 
a stick of ram went bad on my pc , nice ! so working with my < PROPMALE > programs and such is proving to be .......... well .......................... not very productive 
If you and your child ( even best friend , or lover ) were drowning , who would you save first ? 
Annoyed 
I am somebody , even if in your world , I am nothing ............ 
Enjoy the power you have over me now , for it will all change soon .... 
If I am around you , and you are feeling stressed out , don't take it out on me ....... 
Visit my website and sign the guest book ! http://www.icy-bytes.com 
With some luck , I will be in college within a few months or so ! Cross your fingers for me . 
My compass test is Thursday ............ ugh 
Never expect from others what you are not willing to give of yourself . 
