had a blast camping this weekend ! :) 

just got approved to buy a house !! 
Just got the most BEAUTIFUL dozen white and red roses delivered to me at work . They are so huge I could barely < PROPFEMALE > them !! I have the bestest one . Love you ALWAYS ;) 
Yay just booked the place on the Oregon Coast where we will be getting married ! So exciting :) 
Just sent off my good friend < PROPFEMALE > who's moving to Kuwait for 1-2 years with beer and pizza . 
Yay can't wait for tonight ! Going to Red Lobster for dinner and then LaserQuest to celebrate my and < PROPFEMALE > Smeby's b-day ! 
just found out the contacts I've been wearing are barely keeping me above the legal driving limit !! Yikes ! Got new ones today though and they are MUCH better :) 
is officially a registered mammography tech ! Yippee passed my test . 
is excited for sushi and Shutter Island tonight ! Yay DATE NIGHT :) 
is getting some spring cleaning done on my day off :) 
Ugh ... 3 cavities ... 
registered her baby for Kindergarten today ... sigh ... why do they have to grow up ? 
So my little refinish-the-ol'-nightstand project is going surprisingly well . Kudos me :) Might have to try something bigger soon . 
Happy birthday #5 to my baby doll Laney < PROPFEMALE > !! Mommy loves you !!! 
is getting super duper excited to be a married woman !! 5 days and counting ... 
is headed to the lake with my three favorite people ! & hearts ; 
Well we made it home from the great state of North < PROPFEMALE > and we just can't wait to go back :) Man I love it there 
finally broke down and bought a laptop . We are now officially a 3-computer household ... ridiculous ... 
Please pray for my brother , who is getting ready to do something tonight that I don't think I would have the strength to do . & hearts ; We love you < PROPFIRST > 
Happy birthday to my beautiful Mykaya < PROPFEMALE > ! We love you :) 
had a great time at the reunion yesterday ! Wish we coulda stayed longer though ; had to get back to the grind :) 
just ordered a new front-loading washer/dryer set !!!! SOOOOOOOOOOOOO excited I can't even say :] No more TWO CYCLES in the dryer for 1 load to get dry !! 
PRAYER REQUEST : Our older daugher , Mykaya , is scheduled to undergo a brain MRI with general anesthesia tomorrow at 2:30 . She was found to have some abnormalities in her brain during an EEG last week . There are a number of things that can cause the abnormalities and they need more info before making a definitive diagnosis . 
First day at the new job-wish me luck ! :) 
I'm thankful for the best husband ever , who has been in Washington for two weeks by himself with the kids and has kept everything together , and who is packing our entire house to move 3 states away while I relax with my favorite sister-in-law :) Couldn't ask for more & hearts ; Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
Had a great day off !! Dropped off the rental application for our new apartment and had knoephla soup at Kroll's for lunch !! Yummy :) Should be moving in to our new place on Monday . Can't wait to see my babies and hubby on Sat night :) :) 
So we are pretty much all moved in , just some random stuff left to unpack ( thanks to < PROPMALE > Schulz and Christian Schulz ) Bought 2 new couches and a recliner at an incredible steal ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Reil Schulz ) and took the girls to see < PROPFEMALE > today ! What a great few days it has been :) 
So I went to the eye doc today cuz my right eye has been burning and blurry for a couple weeks . She tells me that my eyes are so dry that my cornea is actually flaking off !!! How in the world does that happen ?! Yay a week of drops and cream to put in my eye ... 
We finally have a somewhat sure diagnosis for Mykaya-she has Asperger's . We were pretty sure but some of the stuff didn't fit . The psychologist isn't 100% ; he said she possibly could be having difficulties due to the frontal lobe activity they found on the EEG in November sort of scrambling her thoughts . We are waiting to get in with a very in-demand pediatrician here in Bismarck and we should have more information . 
YAY !!! Finally got approved to have Maestro in the apartment !! We could not be happier ( and neither can he ! ) 
So apparently I had a severe inflammatory reaction to the Tdap vaccine I got on Friday . My arm is super swollen and hot and I can't even move it . So now I gotta figure out what to do with myself for 3 days off work ! 
Headed to the Big Event carnival today ! We are meeting up with a new little friend , Faith . Super excited :) 
Just got back from an action packed morning with my girls ! OT appt , ran some other errands , then went to get our nails done ! The girls were so good . I have the bestest daughters ever ! Tonight going to sushi dinner with my hubby for my birfday :) 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! You all make me happy :) 
Laney just tested + for influenza - but ya wouldn't know it . She's running around singing and playing with Maestro . Crazy kid ! 
