I can't believe I got a facebook ! < PROPFIRST > is sooo going to screech at me ... 

OH ... And I got into < PROPMALE > . 
that's why I got this ... 
I am so freaking happy . Boo-yah . 
I'm going to state debate people !!! WOO ! 
has a piano recital today . And is nervous . 
Did great at said piano recital 
Have to go to a school performance . Blah . 
Oh . My . God . I just read my < PROPFEMALE > , and I cannot believe I got so many ' HAPPY BIRTHDAYS!' 
wonders why < PROPFIRST > listed me as her sister ... 
is sad because < PROPFIRST > got grounded . 
is in the final stages for her braces ! Yay ! :) 
is so adjective , I verb nouns ! ( Ooh ! ) 
is going to see < PROPFIRST>'s Day tomorrow ! :) 
“Let’s eat Grandma ! ” or “Let’s eat , Grandma ! ” Punctuation saves lives . 
This is sooooo late most of you probably already know , but I cut my hair ! 
Phrase of the day : Spectacular incompetence 
Phrase of the Day : I'll fight my death until I'm dead . 
Awesome has a new name . Let me introduce myself . 
I am so happy that I can legitimately put \Team Captain of Team Awesome\ " on my résumé . ( Team what ? TEAM AWESOME . ) " 
Is ' swag ' slang ? 
Another clever Facebook group : There's a fine line between tan and looking like you rolled in Doritos . 
Alpacas are just the uncool version of the llama , you know ? They must feel pretty bitter that everyone knows what a llama is , and no one knows what an alpaca is . 
The next time I clean my room happily will probably be when I run for Presidency on a platform of bacon introducing Baconism as the new national religion . Bacon . 
when I say wow , I mean the exclamation , not World of Warcraft . 
Try saying Eyjafjallajokull 10 times fast . To help you , here is the pronunciation guide : ??? ja ? fjatla ? jœ ? k ? tl ? 
Fear the Deer . 
Dear DNA : What to know what would be awesome ? Yeah , give me some laser eyes . 
Since when does \shawty\ " mean \ " girl\ " ? I thought all these songs referred to short people . " 
The word ' immature ' actually has ' I'm Mature ' in it . hehe . 
Are you ready for another one ??? ... This is as surprising as the time I figured out aluminum doesn't go in the microwave . 
just made $45 . Yay ! 
I cut the sleeves off my Snuggie . It made me look more fierce . 
Why do we buy a \pair of jeans\ " when we only buy one ? " 
Are you embarrassed by your cluelessness ? Because I'm embarrassed for you . 
Skittles who go to college are Smarties . 
You say tomato I say shut the heck up . 
Everything should be measured in BACONS . I wear size BACON jeans . Its BACON degrees outside . The movie Avatar is rated BACON . It would make life more BACON ! 
If Lady Gaga and the pizza man were my parents they'd be Pepperazai ! Get it ? Like Paparazzi , the song ? And pepperoni , like the pizza ? Hahaha- I am such a freaking loser . 
What did the zero say to the eight ? NICE BELT . 
A drunken Fourth of July celebrator : I LOVE EXPLOSIVES ! 
What would happen if you coated something awesome with awesomesauce ? 
My mom just bought me a bacon shirt . Total awesomeness . 
I'm in Spain and they just won the World Cup !!!! It's a giant party ! 
I'm visiting my brother and it's AWESOME . Like ... bacon awesome . Oh yeeaaahhhhh . ( Make sure to say that like the Kool-Aid guy who bursts through walls . ) 
is stuck in Chicago because her plane wouldn't land in the middle of a thunder storm . 
As I meant to say on my wall but accidentally posted on < PROPFIRST>'s ... I'm getting my braces off on Aug . 9th ! 
started high school today . 
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months . 
Morality , like < PROPMALE > , means drawing a line someplace . 
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about . 
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong . 
It's crazy to divide people into good and bad . People are either charming or tedious . :) 
Only the shallow know themselves . 
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . 
I can stand brute force , but brute reason is unbearable . There is something unfair about its use . It's ... hitting below the intellect . 
In all matters of opinion , my opponents are insane . 
I am ready to meet my Maker . Whether my Maker is ready to meet me is another matter . 
Borrow money from a pessimist - they don't expect it back . 
Bad jeans make bad genes even worse 
Sorry , the Chamber of Secrets is the next stall over . 
I used to think I was indecisive , but now I'm not so sure 
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight . 
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it is written on . 
I'll be a vegetarian when bacon grows on trees . 
Accept that some days you are the pigeon , and some days you are the statue . 
Ask me no questions , and I'll tell you no lies . 
Between two evils , I always pick the one I never tried before . 
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups . 
Today I said \Enjoy\ " and immediately thought of Pandas humping . Thank you < PROPMALE > J . < PROPMALE > for ruining the word . " 
Nothing says \I came here to win\ " like jazz hands " 
A lot of people are afraid of heights . Not me , I'm afraid of widths . 
A word to the wise isn't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
Get your facts first , then you can distort them as you please 
Careful- or you'll end up in my novel . 
I'm sure you mean well- I'm not sure you ARE well . 
< PROPFIRST > Schlabowske Is the awesomest friend I could ever ask for . She is like an angel with how awesome she is . Thank's for printing out my groups script my bestest friend in the whole world ! 
If Things Get Any Worse I'll Have To Ask You To Stop Helping 
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today . It is already tomorrow in Australia 
THANK EVERYBODY WHO WISHED ME THE BEST ! You all made this a very special day for me ! 
Eagles may soar in the clouds , but weasels never get sucked into jet engines . 
An expert is a man who tells you a simple thing in a confused way in such a fashion as to make you think the confusion is your own fault . 
Maybe this world is another planet's hell . 
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible , ask him to dribble a football . 
The early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
Duct tape is like the force . It has a light side , a dark side , and it holds the universe together . 
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you , pales in comparison to what lies inside of you . \ 
~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you . 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
Do you know who are the awesomest ???? < PROPFIRST > Salinsky and < PROPFEMALE > Gingold . And I'm not just saying that ' cause their Jewish ;) 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think . 
Everything tastes better with frosting . 
This weekend was awesome . I spent Friday and Saturday with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Then on Sunday I made cookies with < PROPFEMALE > Gingold , < PROPFIRST > Salinsky , < PROPFEMALE > Adams , < PROPFEMALE > Adams , < PROPFEMALE > Wasielewski , and < PROPMALE > . FUN OVERLOAD ! 
Um . Buy < PROPFIRST > day cookies because they are delicious . We made them from the heart ... mostly . 
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate\ 
it 
Dont take life to seriously . No one gets out alive . 
\Be yourself\ " is about the worst advice you can give some people . " 
One day your life will flash before your eyes- make sure it's worth watching . 
