Wards ! Finally they are done ( Aside from editing and balancing , looks at < PROPFEMALE > for the former ) . Now to figure out what to do next , thinkin ' Summoning . . . . 

Idiotic donation of the week ! Box of 6 unused Car Seat Head Rests . You'd think they'd come in packs of 2 instead of 6 . . . . 
In this experement , we'll be using one household item famous for its Iron content . Can you work out what it is ? Correct . Champagne . 
has realized every sentince in Dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ends with ?, !, or . . . 
Needs a serious minded name for a wized gnome . . . . 
has just seen the most impressive sparrow ever . Ended up in our warehouse in the rafters ( which would be about the top of a 2nd floor of a house from the ground ) . Couldn't get the damned thing out . Tried spooking it by throwing things near it to flush it out the loading docks , a baseball hit not 6 inches from it and the thing didn't even flintch . . . I'm in awe . 
Summer flu . Brutal . 
Well , two classes done 19ish to go , now for the beast of elemental magic . . . 
Finally , the first Chapter ( Well , the prelude ) of my story is officially finished , with the help of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Mustachelessness . It takes a bit of getting used to . 
Finally Chapter 2 Done ! < Shutter . > Time to start hunting for spelling errors . 
Who in the world donates a DVD of \Flesh Gordan\ " . . . . Goes into the top 5 creepy things donated . . . " 
Wooot first four levels of the Elemental Magic writing done . Just the last four . And the other four levels . Eightway done ! 
\This was only one of the many occasions on which I met my death . Everyone who had a talent for it lives happily ever \ 
Most insane donation ever . Bullet Proof Vest . You know crimes getting bad when they start giving them to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Reinstalling windows , good time . Oh , wait . . . 
I told Pandora once that I liked Devil Went Down to < PROPFEMALE > , and now it plays Country Songs every seventh song > < 
After much thinking and deliberation , balancing the factors and values , I've figured out Genoni is the best character in the show . 
It seems we're at an impasse here , maybe we should compromise . You open up that door , and we'll come inside and eat your brains . 
Woot ! FINALLY beat the Infernal Campaign of Heroes V ! Ridiculously hard > < 
Why is it that when I look at a clock , people give me the date ? 
Huzzah ! Happy 42nd Binary day ! Awesome on two levels ! ( Also , Happy 48rd Binary day tomorrow ! ) 
Panting like mad , two models in two days , hopefully 7 more by the end of this week . 
After a two month hiatus , finally back to writing ! 
The Ninja's are deadly and silent . They speak Japanese and do whatever they please . And if you'd take off their masks , they'd be smilin ' . 
Two units and half a shredder finished in a day , not bad speed . 
Level 1 to Cain , 4 Rares as an Assassin , in under an hour , still got the touch . 
has realized the second best episode of Cowboy Bebop is Sympathy for the Devil , and has no idea why that's the case . 
Why are all earth elemental spells dull as their subject matter ? 
The document also suggests that taking steps to prevent the earth from \ 
becoming completely unlivable should , for the moment , take precedence \ 
over tasks that do not do that . 
Okay , so listen . There's this chamber of wood , see . And his wife - you know , HER - , tells the tree . . . cause you gotta wait ! Then I says , that might work against him , but if you think I'm gonna pay for this . . . you . . . um . . . Yeah ! 
Weeeeeee Insomina ! 
Has come to realize that any point being made , is more lasting if a head explodes while making that point . 
Cap ' Rengrave and Warmongers , finally getting headway on my painting log . 
Reverent Pirate Crew done ! Now to prime up my next batch . 
Has Boston store coupons . Naturally I'll never use them , anyone want them ? 
Hmmmm finger super glued to the bottom of an unsealable bag of sand . This can only end in one way . . . 
Is out of primed stuff to paint . Sad times . 
Digging Volvos out of snow is less fun then it sounds . 
Ba Weep Gra Na Weep Ninny Bon ! 
Brownies ; the best way to start a day of work . 
And so what's the real lesson here ? Don't leave food in the fridge . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > , we hardly knew ye . 
Sweet holy beejeezue , Heroquest Barbarian quest pack ! 
Writing is a lot harder when you can't come up with anything for characters to do . . . 
Tourny done ! 2-3 isn't shabby . Back to proving people I've never met wrong on the interwebs . 
True simplicity requires heaps of fine tuned , well thought out method . 
Phones out of commission for a bit , E-Mail or use this thing to get a hold of me . 
Insomina , weeeeeeeee 
Finally get to sleep and what happens ? Sleep through alarms . 24 Years you'd think I'd get this sleeping thing down . Basics are always the hardest to learn I guess . 
I think I have to try to play Diablo 1 again . . . 
After re-playing D1 , I recall what makes a Horror game . The unavoidable knowledge anything can kill you given 5 seconds . 
Forgot how brutal the first Diablo fight is . . . 
Man , for a second there , I thought T-Rex was in a different pose for frame 5 and all was wrong with the world . 
Good god movement in games with uneven time pacing between characters is awful to make rules for . 
Took all night , but ten and a half models done ! 
Note to self , don't show up to work , get a raise ! I'm not sure how that works , but apparently it does . 
Four unique items in twenty minutes . Gotta be some kind of record . 
Weeeee first commission painting ! Of course , it had to include something awful like assembling Nyss Hunters . 
Reinstalling windows . First song to play once Pandora is running ? The Gates . Some times it reads minds . 
Odd item of the week ; Beautiful Chinese tea set boxed with packaging of a sweatshop of unhappy Chinese men making tea sets . Irony unending . 
Bosun down , four to go . 
Of all the things I've lost , I think a Car is the hardest to find again . 
Huzzah for fate intervening to help fix my problems after fate intervened to fuck it up in the first place . Now to fix a shitty battery , leaking radiator and leaking tire ! 
Really not my week , stolen car and nearly crushed by 200ish pounds of computers . Some times I wonder if the world is trying to tell me something , and I'm pretty sure it's saying \FUCK YOU \"." 
Two Models in two days , lets see if I can double that to two Models in one day . 
They look like poo , but done . 
Wee , Nyss Hunters done 3 days before my estimate . 
Never Watch Bebop or Champloo while hungry . . . 
How in the bloody hell did I not figure out the thought to use original attack values as a form of proc until just now ? 
