Working hard 

is bored as hell at work . Lol 
is ready for 5 oclock . 
What a way to start the new year . Stuck at the hospital with my little angel , trying to see why she doesnt feel good . 
Just to keep everyone updated , < PROPFEMALE > is being admitted to the hospital for fluids and observation . We are hoping its just a bad stomach virus , but we will just have to wait and see . 
Update : < PROPFEMALE > is resting peacefully , finally . LOL . We are being kept at lebonheur overnight for fluids and observation . Hopefully she will be doing better tomorrow and we can go home . 
Update : < PROPFEMALE > seems to be feeling much better today . No diarhea or vomiting since about 8 oclock last nite . Hopefully we will be going home today 
Update : < PROPFEMALE > is off iv fluids for now . Got to see if she can hold food and water down on her own . Still not sure if we will be going home today or not . 
Man work sucks on a saturday !!!!! 
Whoo hoo !!!!! Got a lot of stuff done today . Lol . 
Just cant wait for June now . I applied for college yesterday but i cant attend class until then . 
Bwahahaha !!! Its my evil laugh . lol 
Damn damn damn . 
I really hate when < PROPMALE > people are so fucking greedy and cheap . Fuck you < PROPFIRST > Mathis !!!!! 
wonders why my back hurts so bad . it seems like its starting to spread . 
Ahh . Loritabs really help my back . Lol 
Whoo hoo !!!! Interview in the morning for a new , much better job !!! 
Cant wait til saturday 
Whoo-hoo !!!!! Lol . I have no idea ! 
Man , what a great day to ride a bike !! Lol 
Happy Easter everybody !!! 
Whoo hoo !!! Two weeks til my birthday , then just under a month until my daughters first birthday . Man time flies . Lol 
Whoo hoo !! Almost my birthday , just 2 more days . 
Does not feel good . Man i dont wanna be sick on my birthday !! 
Man it sucks being sick on your birthday !! And the weather isnt helping much . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody !! 
Whoo hoo !! Another week down . Time for some relaxation !! Lol 
Man another weekend gone !! Where does the time go ?? 
The new tattoo is halfway done so far . 
The new tattoo is now complete . Lol 
The tattoo within the tattoo !! Lol 
I should have called in sick today ! 
Happy mothers day to all the mamas of the world !! Thank you all for all your hard work . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
still cant believe my daughter will be 1 monday !! Daddy loves you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My little sweetheart is getting so big . Already a year old and starting to walk . Daddy loves you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
OOOHHHHH CAKE !!!!!! Lol . Wow what a mess ! 
I freaking hate the weather here . How in the hell can it be 85 degrees before 10 am ? 
Is it friday yet ? Im so ready for a 3 day weekend . 
What a twisted turn of good luck in life . I finally get a 3 day weekend and it ends up as my last weekend of freedom . Lol . As of next weekend i start EMT school all day saturdays and sundays . 
So much for sleeping in . 
Happy Memorial Day to all those who have served our great country to protect the freedoms we all enjoy !! 
Whoo hoo !! Bike night was a blast !! Lol . Little or not , my bike gets a lot of attention . 
Yipee !!! I start school again tomorrow !! This should be interesting ! LOL 
First day of class was great !! 
I think im really gonna like school this time around . LOL . The teachers are fun and they seem to really know their stuff . 
Dont think ive ever wanted to just scream before , but i damn sure do now 
Dont think ive ever wanted to just scream before , but i damn sure do now . 
Is it over yet ? No ? DAMMIT !!!! Lol . So ready to relax . 
Is so fucking pissed off right now its not funny . 
My god , between working full time and school , I am so exhausted it aint funny . 
Its days like today when i really need a fucking punching bag . 
This damn EMSCAT online test makes me want to throw my damn computer . I just failed it for the 7th time and i have to pass it by sunday or i will be behind . 
Happy fathers day to all the real fathers out there !! Any boy can make babies , but it takes a man to be a father . 
has decided that i am definitely going to paramedic school and am going to give it everything ive got because the people of the world deserve better paramedics than the idiot i met today . 
is so fucking tired of people who think their shit dont stink . 
Great somehow i have managed to scratch my eyeball . This day has really sucked . 
Wow this is gonna be a busy week . Gotta go ride an observation clinical wednsday and one on sunday . Whoo hoo !! Cant wait for the participation clinicals toward the end of july . 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! 
Can't wait until tomorrow . I get a break from the shop while i go work on an ambulance for 12 hours . 
Well the ambulance wasnt as exciting as i hoped today , but it was a nice change of pace . Lol . Maybe sunday will be better . 
My god i hate the damn EMSCAT test . It is so retarded . Lol . 
is spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > . We are gonna have a daddy daughter day ! 
Whoo hoo !! Another 12 hour ambulance shift tomorrow . 
Happy 4th of july everybody !! 
Wow 3 hours into a 12 hour ambulance shift and still nothing . Man im bored !! Lol 
Less than 3 hours left on this ambulance shift and we have run one call all day . This sucks !! What a waste of a holiday . 
Wow so both of my observation clinicals have really sucked . Hopefully that just means the participation clinicals with the fire dept will be a lot more interesting in a few weeks . 
Whoo hoo !! Fireworks are a blast , especially when you almost lose a few fingers to a fast burning fuse !! LMAO 
is so ready to get done with school so i can get the hell out of auto shops . 
God , please give me a gun with lots of bullets and a lot of targets . I really need to release some rage . 
i swear to god if anything else goes wrong right now , my fucking head is gonna explode 
Somehow my daughter managed to strip herself naked from the waist down last nite . How she did that , i doubt we will ever know . Lol 
Man i am so ready for class to be done so i can get my EMT license and get the hell out of the auto shop . Three more weeks to go and they just cant go fast enough . 
has learned today that i just cant win for losing . My boss fired me today so he could hire my replacement cuz im almost done with school . 
People please , for the love of god , please strap your children into a carseat properly if you are gonna go somewhere with them , cuz tragedies like today can be so easily prevented . 
Whoo hoo !! Just found out when my practicals and graduation dates are . I am almost a certified EMT-IV . 
Man if it wasnt for bad luck i wouldnt have any luck right now . 
has learned that it is nearly impossible to get any homework done with a 15 month old . LOL 
is now taking donations to help with the costs of licensure exams and license as an EMT . Being unemployed the last two weeks has seriously depleted my funds . 
is so thankful for my family . Just when i think im screwed , my family is there to help me out . Thank you all so much . 
Final exams today . Wish me luck . 
Dammit i need a pool . LOL 
On my way to take my exit exam . Wish me luck 
Scored perfect on my practical exams today . Now i just gotta pass the license exam . 
A firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this : Firefighters all over the world are saving lives . It's Firefighter appreciation week .... Repost if you are a Firefighter , love a Firefighter or appreciate a Firefighter !!!! 
Whoo hoo !! Graduation time !!! Lol . Graduation is wednesday nite at 6pm . If you wanna come , let me know and i will give you details . 
Whoo hoo !!! One exam down , one left to go and i will be a nationally registered EMT . 
Whoo hoo !!! Graduation day !! 
Man what a day !! Graduated EMT school tonite and got my motorcycle fixed today ! Hell yeah !! LOL 
Going to go take my license exam at 8 am tomorrow !! Wish me luck ! Did really good on the pretests so i should be fine . LOL 
Whoo hoo !!!! I am now a nationally registered EMT !!!! Hell yeah !!!!! 
Man i wish i had the money to get a tattoo tonite . LOL 
So excited !! Finally got registered . Now i cant wait til monday so i can go interview with this ambulance company . No more crap jobs for me . LOL 
Whoo hoo !! Orientation is going great . Get to do a ride along tomorrow and i start my own unit and shift monday 
is hoping today goes well . 
Is getting really tired of waiting on these people . 
will never understand the excitement of WATCHING sports . It is way too damn boring . 
This is some grade A bullshit going on right now . Somebody needs to get this shit straightened out NOW !!! 
Today please take a moment to remember all the brave souls that died on September 11 , as well as all those who have died since to defend freedom . Thank God for firefighters , EMS personnel , military personnel , and LEOs . 
Well the bachelor party should be all set . Reserved the hotel room today , just a few blocks from beale . Oughta be a blast . Good luck < PROPFIRST > and dd . Cant wait for the wedding , even if i have to look like a penguin . LOL . As for that whole marriage thing , i will pass , thanks . LMAO 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! I really , really hate bureacracy !!! This is so much bullshit ! 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! Somebody please give me a gun and a box of bullets so i can take out this frustration ! I will solve all this bureaucratic bullshit real quick . 
Alright , motorcycle riding in the rain ! Yippee ! LMAO . 
Thank god !!! Found out tonite that i am finally being released from the first part of \therapy\ " so i can finally be licensed and start working !! Its about time !!!! " 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change , the courage to change the things i cannot accept , and the wisdom to know where to hide the bodies of people that get in my way . Amen 
California , you dissapoint me . You were so close !! 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! That is all . LOL 
Im so ready to go just straight up psychotic . 
So now that limewire is shut down , anyone know any good file sharing sites ? 
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
honestly wants to know what the fuck is wrong with the world today ? Can anyone give me a good answer ? 
I really , really , REALLY hate all this government regulated bullshit . All this pain and headache over something in the past that aint really any of their damn business to begin with . 
Have a happy turkey day ! 
INBOX ONLY : 2010 is coming to an end . Send me a confession youve been wanting to tell me all year ( stays between us ) . . Post this as your status and you might be surprise with what you get 
Oh my God !! Its about time i finally started getting some good news again . LOL 
Man , finally making progress towards getting my license and getting back to work . Its about time . 
I find it kind of funny how many members of my family are in college all at once . Lol . 
Man it has been one hell of a week !!! 
WHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Finally got my EMT license issued !!!! Hell yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just when i think my luck is changing , it goes right back to shit . First i had to put the bike temporarily out of service til i can replace some bolts , and now my truck may be permanently out of service . 
Are the holidays over yet ? 
Any of my good friends up and around this morning ? Lol . I need a ride to the store so i can fix my truck . 
Yes !!! Finally got my truck fixed . Now i just gotta get a better drill bit so i can finish fixing my bike . 
Update : Looks like we arent going anywhere tonite . She has been holding down liquids , but she still aint eating much . 
Well , another night in a hospital room with my little angel . 
Anybody up and want to chat ? Im not tired enough to go sleep yet , but this hospital room is boring . 
Update : < PROPFEMALE > is still in the hospital . She still isnt eating much . She is drinking , just not quite as much as they want , so they may have to put her back on the iv fluids . All depends how she does today . 
Update : Its looking like we may be spending 1 more night here . < PROPFEMALE > just isnt eating or drinking much still , and she is still kind of pale , so they may hook her back up to the iv fluids for one more night . 
Update : Its official , we are staying another night in the hospital . Hopefully if all goes well we will be going home tomorrow . 
Update : We finally get to go home today . Whoo hoo !! 4 days is quite enough thank you . LOL 
Update : We are home !!!! Lol 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > feels better , but now I think I have caught the bug . Been up and down all night . 
Well , all in all it has been an interesting past few weeks . Both my vehicles broke down , then it was the holidays , then i spent 4 days in the hospital with my daughter , now Skyler and I both got the stomach bug she had . The good news is I finally got my license , passed my compass exam , and enrolled to go back to school . So yeah , busy busy ! LOL 
Whoo hoo !! Registered and ready to go back to school ! LOL . Now i just gotta get all my books . 
Here we go again . < PROPFEMALE > is back in the hospital . Its the return of the evil stomach bug with a vengeance . She is back on the iv and receiving fluids . 
Update : < PROPFEMALE > is home now . She is doing much better . 
What do you know ? For once , the weather man was right . We actually got a little bit of snow . 
Anyone looking for pets ? I have a cat and a dog i need to get rid of . I would prefer to send them off as a pair since they are friendly with each other , but will seperate if necessary . 
Well , i am registered for class , books are paid for , and classes start on thursday . Oughta be a good week . 
Wow . I went from being the last day of Aries to the second day of Aries . LOL . Everyone else in my family changed signs . 
Well , so far so good . Started back to school last thursday , now i just gotta get into a routine so i can get everything i have to do done . LOL 
AAAAHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! I just want to hit , shoot , or blow up someone or something !!! 
I swear to God if it wasnt for bad luck , i wouldnt have any damn luck at all . 
would like to officially say to whoever stole my keys today , you better hope i never find you , cuz if i do it aint gonna be pretty . 
What a day !!! I swear I cannot wait to get the hell out of Memphis and away from all these crooked ass people . Someone stole my keys this morning at 9am , and yet after i break my bike ignition and drive it home , they somehow turn up at the school . Sorry sucker , did you really think i was gonna let you steal my property ? 
Tomorrow is gonna be interesting . I get to babysit three 6 year olds , a 5 year old , a 4 year old , and a 20 month old . Should be an eventful day . 
Well , so far so good . The only one giving me any trouble is the 4 year old . Lol 
Whoo hoo !! Gotta get the kids off to school , then come home and get ready to go to my school . LOL . Im actually enjoying being back in college , though . Kinda wierd , considering how much i hated high school ! 
Man , english is just such a boring subject . LOL . At least my writing is good enough the teacher leaves me alone and lets me do what i want . 
Lol . I love A and P !!! When is the last time i had an excuse to sit down and color ? LMAO 
Attn Peoples ....... I need boxes . Preferably big boxes . LOL . 
Yay !!! I actually get to go to my psychology class tonite . It was canceled last week . LOL 
Anybody want to come help me move today ? 
Well things are finally starting to look up . I had an interview yesterday and i have another one tomorrow morning . Hopefully by next week i will finally be employed as an EMT . 
He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . 
Well i had two interviews this week , now i just gotta wait for orientation . Hopefully in the next week or two i will be working . 
Green Bay all the way baby !!!! 
Yeaaaa !!!! I finally got a job . I start monday morning . 
Well , once again the sight of snow has caused chaos here in Memphis !! LOL . I will say this though , at least it was a reasonable amount of snow this time . 
ATTENTION : Anyone with kids in the Horn Lake area , I will be getting rid of some ride on toys for smaller children today . If interested , they will be on the curb at 6455 Riverdale Cv . off of Mayfair . 
GGRRRRRR !!!!!! I swear after the last week of dealing with At&t over internet service , i really dont understand how they are still operating . Those people have their heads so far up their ass it aint even funny !! 
Congratulations to all those who are engaged to be married , or are married . You have fun ! I want nothing to do with that evil little m word . LOL . Not until im at least 30 . 
I cant wait to go get my new motorcycle today so i can ride it to work this week !!! 
Man i can't wit til the morning ! Never thought id be this excited to start a new job !! Lol . That and the new motorcycle , it has been a great weekend !! 
I really hate Valentines Day !! Like we really need another excuse to buy useless crap ! 
I really wish that facebook would stop changing stuff . Every time i get used to one thing they change something else 
I am completely exhausted ! My first day on the unit and i end up working a 15 hour shift . LOL 
Today is gonna be one of those days . Hopefully i can make it through without commiting murder ! LOL 
I am so ready to go home and go to bed . Im still tired and i have to work again tomorrow ! LOL . I love my new job though . 
Well so far work is awesome . LOL . I really like it . 
Went to a clubhouse opening for the Iron Horsemen tonite ! Had a blast ! 
I am just so happy that i finally have a job that i really like . I can honestly say i look forward to going to work now . 
The best part about working the Grizzlies game ....... getting to watch the dancers practice before the game . LOL . 
Well , turns out the overnite shift is not as exciting as i had hoped . Been here since 7 , here it is midnite , and we have only had one call . Lol . O well , money is money . 
Well , at least we are past the half way point now . Lol . On shift until 7am . 
Someone please rewind facebook to the way it was 6 months ago . All these new changes are really aggrivating me . 
Everyone please pray for < PROPFEMALE > silvestri . She was in a very bad accident on her way to work yesterday afternoon and will be in the hospital for a long time . 
< PROPFEMALE > has 8 broken ribs , 2 broken shoulders , 4 broken vertebrae , bruised lungs , and is still in critical condition . 
Man , yesterday was long but fun . Had some scottish lady tell me she oughta spank me for getting those tattoos on my forearms . Lol . Gotta love old people . 
Is at the Fed ex forum working first aid for the Grizzlies game . Anyone wanna come say hi , come see me on the plaza level . 
Cant wait for the warmer weather to come back . Its more fun to ride without a full suit of leather . LOL 
Whoo hoo !! Working first aid at the Grizzlies game again . If you come to the game feel free to come say hi . 
