I so don't know what to do I need help majorly lol 

never trust anyone that says \trust me\ " most the time they don't mean it ! " 
when you like/love someone ... hold onto them they could easily slip away 
Life ain't always beautiful or easy . We all need to learn this 
when you think you wanna give up things all into place ... well for me they do 
like it matters 
Do people just sit around nd ask themselves \whose life can i screw up today ? \ " or do they ask \ " who do i wanna make miserable ? \"" 
YAY ! The wonderful world of thinkin ... gotta love it (: ) 
I finally put it all together , But nothing really lasts forever I had to make a choice that was not mine , I had to say goodbye for the last time .... Call Me Shinedown 
never know what you find out if u actually pay attention (-: -) 
YOU need to get on chat hehe ( : ) 
hehe jk .... I'm . like . so . hyper . and . don't . know . why . lolz . yay . tomorro . is . Thursday . day . before . Friday . yay . anyone . else . as . happy . as . meh . lolz . lolz . ( : ) 
DRAMA ! DRAMA ! DRAMA ! GOTTA LOVE IT 
To all my farmville friends I need 6 more presents for my tree plz ... thanks 
why is you can tell someone how you feel and them not give a damn well im sick and tired of tellin people how i feel and them not even show a sense in caring well im through with my feelings for now on 
nvm ... sittin her messaging rober and tlkin to ean (: ) 
how much hurt can one person feel ? anybody 
one .... two .... three ... what comes after three ??? 
omg your so stupid shut up 
Save your heart for someone worth dying for ( mayday parade ) :) :( : 
I hope you fall in a hole and choke on a pickle !!! 
today is gonna be another yea whatever days . 
when you think about sayin something SHUT UP its gonna come out wrong 
My day was GREAT up until about 6:00 pm ugh I wanna cry 
Whether you know him or not please keep < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and his family in your prayers . He ain't really having a very good year so far . Just please keep him and his family in your prayers they need it 
I get knocked down , but I get up again . You're never gonna keep me down !! 
when you say ur my best friend mean it before you go and make me look like a liar ... 
some people are .... so freakin stupid 
I have super powers I just don't wanna show you ! 
I think I'm ready to reveal my \Super Powers\ " :) :( : " 
ATTENTION : < PROPFEMALE > YOUR A BIFF HEHE LOVE YOU BUNCHES 
I need all the items to build my stable if any of u could please help . Thanks 
idc what you say anymore . say what you want about me . just know i know your sayin it out of hatred 
The more you put me down . The stronger you're making me . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
Sat what you want . I dnt care . Everytime you kill me . I am born again . The more you put me down the stronger you make me . THANKS SERIOUSLY 
SaY what you want . I dOn't care . Everytime you kill me . I am born again . The more you put me down the stronger you make me . THANKS SERIOUSLY 
i cant stand sittin here and listenin to how they treat him its so wrong if there was something i could do or say to stop it id do it in a heartbeat ... he knows who im talkin bout too hope things work out for you . 
no matter what i do or who im with i always get hurt 
lookin forward to a good day i hope 
Redneck < PROPMALE > . He got a real loud stereo . With a big gun rack . Displayed in the back of his pick-up truck . Haha . Gotta love rednecks and their ringtones . :) 
I'M JUST SO GLAD YOU THINK YOU KNOW WHATS BEST FOR ME AND HOW I CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER THAN [ HIM ] WELL I GOT NEWS FOR YOU YOU DON'T KNOW WHATS BEST FOR ME AND YOU DON'T KNOW WHO IS BEST FOR ME SO JUST KEEP YOUR 2 CENTS TO YOURSELF I'M SORRY ... LET ME LIVE MY OWN LIFE AND DATE WHO I WANT TO YOU HAVE NO CONTROL OVER ME ! 
I don't care anymore . Its whatever launches your rocket ship . :) 
Wow I just found out that I do not have the ability to concentrate on the most simplist things wow am I that dumb ?? Answer : possibly 
People stop using big words with me . I take them as insults . Partly cuz they make me feel stupid . :( 
wow . no matter how much he hurts u ur still with him wow u must be one stupid chick he done it once he will just do it again ur stupid 
I tried to tell you . But you didn't listen . He's gonna do it again . And when he does don't cry to me . Its your fault . You're so stupid . Once a cheater always 1 
So much for being my best friend . Do you even know what best friend means 
< PROPMALE > you can't make a whore a house wife . But nice effort . Good luck :) . I found my imaginary gold fish !? 
Dear Boy , I wanna see you hit me . Go ahead and do it and see how many people come after you ! 
Ha . My get on my good side . Didn't know I had one of there ! :) 
Not everyone couple is meant to stay together . You walk in . You walk out . You find someone better than the last . If you haven't yet you will . :) 
Keep talkin your crap . Go ahead hit me < PROPFIRST > . Get irrate . I don't care anymore . 
OMG since when did forever and always turn into now and then ? 
Dramatically speaking .... LEAVE ME ALONE . I have heard enough from the peanut gallery . :) 
Dramatically speaking ... SHUT UP ! 
Hopefully its gonna be a good day . :) We can only hope . :) 
This is pure torture ! 
Well this is fun ! 
I wish I never met you ! 
Everything that you said was a lie boy . That's the reason I'm sayin goodbye ! :) 
I gotta feeling that today is gonna be a good day ... well except for the EOC blah ! 
I'm sick and tired of being put in the middle of you two . Just tell him the truth stop playin with his head and heart . 
Omg dude you can't sing . SHUT UP ! Your killin my hearing and the poor chickens 
You won't melt . Crap floats . Stop your crying 
That which don't kill you , makes you stronger 
My mommy is proud of me for making a 100 on my Spanish test . :) <3 
Angels live in the hearts of those who dare to love :) ( : 
What I wouldn't do to get this all over with and him to leave me alone and stop tellin me what I \did\ " that I didn't really do . Does that make sense ? " 
you can take this president project and shove it its supposed to be a group project and im doing all the work but thats what you expect when your the only girl in the group dang teachers 
You is the gorilla glue for my heart . :) <3 
I've gotz the sweetest boyfriend eber ! 
Dude grow a set and then do me a favor and grow up and shut up ! 
Peace in progress my butt . I'm not makin peace with anyone who annoys the heck outta me 
What part of \I have a boyfriend\ " don't you get !? " 
get mad , call names , call me a cunt , whore , slut ... whatever comes to your mind , just know I'm not gonna stoop down to your level . It don't hurt me . I'm the better person . :) ILYB 
He loves me just the way I am ! :) <3 
I'm not crazy I just look and seem that way ! <3 
I'M A BANANA ! 
Well then .... 
I just love how little kids freak just cuz its raining oh my gosh we're all gonna die ah boo who ! Get over it 
Blah Saturday School tomorrow its gonna be a long 4 hours 
Life's like a box of chocolates , you never know what ya gone get !... [{ Forrest Gump }] 
Been together a month and loving it :) [{ ILY }] 
If you don't want people thinking your a Slut then keep your legs closed and your business to yourself . We don't wanna know who you did . Or who you lost it to . 
I love how just because I HAVE A BOYFRIEND I lose a friend wow what cruel people don't they get it ? If not then why ? 
Have you ever just glanced at someone and AUTOMATICALLY get annoyed or just know you won't like them ? Boy I do . :) 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > painting ... Uh oh this can't be good 
Wow he sleeps forever 
Well that didnt last long month and a week was it hmm makes me wonder ... 
They lol'd me :) :) 
Back in Beebe going to see my daddy for a few if he's home and awake . I LOVE MY MOMMY AND DADDY 
Kinda thinkin that I don't wanna stay here again ... 
Almost fell asleep on the trampoline out in the sun . Not a good idea . 
I love how forever and always ends up to be . NEVER AGAIN 
I WILL BE SO GLAD WHEN SCHOOL IS OUT , SO I DON'T HAVE TO PUT UP WITH ALL THESE ________ . ( Fill in the blank ) 
I love how people think they know everything . 
I love how when a couple breaks up and they say \we can still be friends\ " but they wnt talk to u . Haha be friends . Do they know what it means ? " 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . I could use a dream or a < PROPFEMALE > or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this . 
< PROPMALE > don't pick your nose . I'm not I'm scratching . Scratchin what ? Your brain ? Ya its huge ! 
wow cats are good lol 
Hopefully today will be a good day . :) 
Benchwarmer ! Lol this movie never get old ! 
I am : 1 . annoying 2 . ur bff 3 . amazing 4 . crzy 5 . retarded 6 . ugly 7 . beautiful 8 . stupid 9 . a genius 10 . hot Fwd to see wat ur friends thnk bout u ! 
Played in the rain now I gotta study study study . Wish me luck tomorrow on my tests . 
She better pray to whoever she prays to that she don't talk to me like she did yesterday . 
Yay people with attitudes gotta love em 
Blah Blah Blah Blah 
Wow that test was LONG 
Wow leave school in a good mood and come home not so happy 
waiting on the ol ' guy to COME ON if he be hungry :) i love you daddy !! 
do do do do do do do la de da de do 
I'd like to help you ... But I just can't help stupid people !! 
I'd like to help you ... But I just can't fix stupid !! 
Last day of my Freshman year ! Gonna be there an hour then comin home ! Hopefully I'll be a Sophmore next year ! 
I just love how I saw the wrong thing and my \friends\ " delete me . What kinda friend are you if you do that ? " 
Oompa Loompa doopity do I got a perfect puzzle for you . Oompa Loompa doopity de if you're wise you'll listen to me -- The Oompa Loompa Song ! 
well hmm ... blah blah blah 
Today ain't my day to care what people say or think ... oh wait that's everyday !!! 
If you don't have anything nice to say , come sit with me in the corner and we can talk about people together ! :) <3 ILY 
You don't know me . So don't judge me . I don't care what has happeneed before . That is the past . This is apparently the future forget get the past . Ohmigosh . 
Today I feel like # ? * ! don't a blank and a whole lotta other choice words I can't say . # ? *!%@?~#?* ! 
Just gave my ( brother's ) dog a bath , and it wasn't as bad as I thought . Lazy butt just sat there ; well untill I let him out of the bath ! :) 
Thinkin that boyfriend of mine should call me . :) 
Sometimes I think should keep my mouth shut and not speak up of what I feel .... 
On the phone with my boyyfrandd !!!! :) ( : 
Just because Facebook says we're friends don't mean I really like you !! <3 lol :) 
Umm ... well IDK . Maybe I should keep my thoughts inside the head ! 
I fell asleep and had a dream but when I woke up the saddest thing happened ... --> I forgot it <--- 
Don't screw this up for me , oh wait I'm doin a good job of that myself 
Well friend you could ever take it the hard way and accept I have a boyfriend and it's not you , or you can do what you normally do and go off on me ... take your pick , but remember I don't care either way I have become immune to the things you say to me so they don't hurt anymore . \ 
---> end of story <--- 
People need to grow up ... SERIOUSLY\ 
---> end of conversation <--- 
Really people leave me alone I'm so glad you think you know more about me then me ! You don't know half of my life or any at all , so stay out of my life and stop tellin lies on me just because you're jealous I'm happy with someone that AIN'T you\ 
---> END OF STORY <3 <--- \ 
---> STAY OUTTA MY LIFE <--- 
Kinda wondering how long its gonna take me to realize that stuff that just gets out of the oven is > HOTT < especial metal type pans !! \ 
---> I'm so smart <3 <--- 
You say I'ma mess , I say it just comes natural (: <3 \ 
---> End O ' Story <--- 
Oh you're cool .... Haahaa never gets old .. :) <3 \ 
---> End of Story <--- 
If he can't handle me at my worst , he sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . :) :) :) <3 I <3 u !! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , DON'T POKE ME AGAIN ! Lol <3 ... please ... ILY ! 
Gosh I hate stupid people ... shh I'm tryin to hide from them .. there everywhere !!!!! 
I love how you're a psycho tryin to come between me and my boyfriend . Keep tryin < PROPMALE > .. Gotta psycho < PROPFIRST > .. Where's < PROPMALE > when you need him ?? 
Life don't go quite like you planned it we try so hard to understand it irrefutable , indisputable fact is , it happens that way !! ---> End of Discussion <--- 
Omg . I'm tired of you tryin to make me choose between you and my boyfriend . I chose to be your friend . Ain't that enough . Your guilt trip ain't working . I'm tired of it . I'm done . Your just pushing a friend away . 
Me apologize ? For what ? Being me ? Sayin what I felt ? Choosing my boyfriend over a psycho like you ? Sorry , but I'm not gonna apologize for who I am and/or choosing my boyfriend over you ! I don't even wanna be caught up in you and you're threats and your lies ... uhh buh bye !! <3 
Wow it amazes me how people think they know me better then I know myself . 
I'm so sick and tired of people tellin me I'm gonna do something that I'm not gonna do ... so do me a favor and leave me alone and stop tellin me I'm gonna do something I know I won't do 
Just like my mommy and daddy . Make people mad and they block me haha . Is it supposed to make me mad ? Haha it just makes me laugh and say , \Oh you're cool ! \"" 
Why of course I'm out of my mind , it's dark and scary in there !!! 
I found out some interesting stuff today 
I have hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia ..... look it up :) I had to 
I love really long words have short meanings ; like ({ hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia : fear of long word }) <3 its crazy :) 
puods ?? \ 
o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? \ 
? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l\\ 
I'm really tired of people askin me what is wrong . If there was something wrong I'm sure you would know 
So much for having a good day ! 
Wow it's amazing what symbols can do !??? (?_?) ??? 
Nothing is too good\ 
to be true , you just gotta know what you have . Because you never know \ 
what you have til he/she/it is gone . :-/ 
I love how you find a song on the radio you really like and hope when its over they'll tell you the name ... Then they don't! I hate this !! 
Put that in your juice box and SUCK IT ! <3 :) 
I really wish people would stop doubting me ! 
I love how I go with my friend to shop and someone follows me cuz I'm walkin around cuz I ain't gettin anything . Man , stupid people 
frickin 3am n people addin me ... crazy people :) <3 
Haha no one would like your status so yo had to . Haha that cracks me up !!! <3 :) 
Wow I should really keep my mouth shut !! :( 
Smile today , because tomorrow it only gets worse . Hehe 
Giggle giggle , laugh laugh , QUACK !! 
So I have heard that I am not a nice person . Oh well I'm sorry ! NOT . :) <3 
I think you should know this ... I hate you . Ohkay hate is a strong willed word so I really really REALLY don't like you ! <3 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a dork ... for sure 
{ My Sister's Keeper } by far the saddest movie I've ever seen :( 
Just thought you should know < PROPFIRST > I don't like your \friends\ " { jussayyin } " 
Did your hair get sick of you and leave ? 
I can't believe you just said that ! You cussed !!! 
And now I'm thinking two is better than one !! Amazing song !! <3 :) 
I wish people would just LEAVE ME AND < PROPFIRST > ALONE 
Paging Dr. Faggot ... Dr. Faggot 
kid you better stop poking me !! you knw who u are 
You wanna marry a fictional character ? That's so adorable , not . You need a counselor !! 
I'll be a home to your homeless heart 
I think it is so funny how your girlfriend is worse then me and yet YOU call me a whore ? Oh you're cool bahaha . It don't bother me cause I know the truth 
So there's this guy . He decides to threaten me . Does this make him cool or does it make him feel tough threatening a minor ? 
On the phone with the boyfriend and his mommy 
This is a test !!! Only a test ! 
Where's the smart geniuses when you need them ? 
Since when did asking why become a crime ? 
Oh my < PROPFEMALE > 
I love how certain people think they know EVERYTHING . When in reality they don't know as much as they think they do . 
Its not caring . Its called hatred , they just sound the same . 
So today I found out I had an \evil eye\ " and if I stare at someone long enough in a certain way I'd scare the crap out of them . Lol what a day . " 
Bird is the word 
All these people getting in wrecks and/or dying , its crazy 
You've got to be blind if you don't see it ..... 
A guy worth crying for won't make you cry . 
You claim you're hurt . Well , keep it up or you'll be real hurt 
Wow .... That's all there is to say ... 
I'm sorry you feel that way 
How much longer could a book be ? Geez 
....... I don't even know what to say 
Where there's smoke , there's fire ! 
I built a wall not to block you out , but to see if you love me enough to climb over it ! 
How does that make you feel ? 
I would like to help you OUT . Which way did you come IN . 
Why do people think I'm so mean ? Just because I don't say what you wanna hear don't make me mean . 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis -- ha yaa try saying that 10 times fast lol 
You're my BFF -- Best Frenemy Forever ! 
Its sprinkling . Ha . Ain't I observant ? And people say I don't pay attention . 
you wanna get inside my head ? Ha you don't wanna know what I think about you . 
* sigh * what a day , what a day . 
My skin is my disguise . :) 
I'm not perfect , but neither are you . I've never been perfect , but neither have you . 
When you finally let go of the past , something better comes along :) ( : 
i've gotz the most amazing friends ** < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ** and another special someone :) you know who you are :) 
I won't apologize for who I am . 
I want to insult you , but you are just way too stupid to insult . Don't cry because its over . Smile because it happened . 
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before . 
Who are you when I'm not lookin' ?? 
You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . 
Ha that was funny :) fun times fun times 
Darlin , it's not me , it's you ! 
What would < PROPFEMALE > say about this 
I guess all you can do is point out any wrong I've ever done to you , did I ever do anything that was good ?? 
I love when people text you and ask you who you are . Shouldn't they know you before they text you ?? 
you have been hackedd by AleecciaaaSmitthhh . i freaken love you && your colurfull bobbypinss (: 
How come when something don't go a certain way that person has to turn to \I'm gonna go buy new razors and have a blood bath\ " is life really that bad for some . Looks like you could go for a life change " 
I wish you wouldn't remember my number .... your my past . Stay in my past . Why text me now ? Ain't there people where you live now to talk to ? 
I just want everyone to know there is a stalker/creeper and he is adding teenage girls beware of him 
Dear \Friend\ " 
Can't we all just get along : me and her , me and you , and you and her ? Our friendship is stronger then that . We been friends this long , why ruin it now ?? :( 
How about we keep our PERSONAL life uh what's the word ? Oh yeah . PERSONAL !! 
UGH ! Leave me out of this ! 
Old man winter found out that mother nature was cheating on him so now he is super mad ! 
My favorite game : point out < PROPFEMALE>'s faults . We all have faults . Why just point out mine ? 
thank you to all the peoples that wished me a happy birthday . :) 
Another excuse . But I don't care . I don't need you ! 
You say you're my best friend , but treat me like dirt ! What a friend ! And you wonder why you're losing all your friends . Open your eyes ! :-/ 
I'm probably gonna lose a friend over that , but it has to be done . 
10 ? facts about you ? 1 . ) You're reading my ? status . 2 . ) ? You're realizing that's a stupid fact . 4 . ) You didn't notice I skipped three . 5 . ) ? You're checking now . 6 . ) ? You're thinking . 7 .? ) You're still reading ? my status . 9 .? ) You didn't realize ? I skipped ? eight . 10 . ) You're ?? checking again ?? and ? thinking about why you fell for it again .?? :) ? 11 .? ) You ? didn't realize there's only ? supposed to be ? ten facts (: 
When it gets tough , is quitting and giving up really the answer ? 
I'm done . I tried . I give up on you now ...... 
You can't help someone that don't want help .... I don't know what else to do or say to you .. 
I love my mommy and daddy (: now you can't say I don't love you pops (: 
Is blocking me supposed to hurt me ? 
I love how people can judge someone else when they don't even know them . \Don't judge a book by its cover\ " haha yeah right . " 
