< PROPFIRST > used the potty by himself for the very first time !! 

I'd rather still be sailing 
Four fun days at the beach . Now it's time to go home . 
? In celebration of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , post a picture of yourself and your sweetie-pie as your profile pic for the next week . Post this as a status update and leave a comment stating how long you've been together ! ? 
Happy Easter !! 
I said \meta-model . \"" 
Lovely day at the beach . Kids enjoyed the water and building sand castles while escaping sunburn . Our sunburn is largely manageable . 
40 days 
Oh no , it's longer 
It was a wonderful weekend sailing . Apparently I was at work today , but the relaxing weekend vibe hadn't quite worn off . Off to a conference tomorrow , so maybe it will last all week . 
Poet Laureate\ 
Making verse that does not rhyme\ 
What is poetry ? 
had fun in the sun with kids and cousins and friend at my sister's pool 
is in St. < PROPFIRST>'s on his boat having fun with family and friends 
Power is back on , but I am in Atlanta 
Back home again !! 
The experiment with the parents is now over after 118 days . They are now out of our house and moved back into theirs . I can feel the negativity decreasing . 
Luckily , we had two central air units , but it is nicer now the that the primary system is back up and running . 
Home from sailing on the bay . Yesterday was nice , but today - well , infrequent showers on the weather radio apparently means a wall of water from North Beach to Gibson Island soaking us for an hour and a half . Still , I'd rather be sailing . 
Partly cloudy morning on the beach with a sand castle , afternoon nap during the rain , dinner at Dogfish head brewery . A very full day . 
The beautiful vacation is over . Time to go back home and get ready for school . 
Had a great day sailing 
Purple playground time 
On . Vacation 
Thanks for all the birthday well wishing ! < PROPFEMALE > got back from travel last night , and today starts a 6-day weekend . I am happy . 
You'll have to rally for sanity without us- we waited for 10 minutes with no progress through the mob towards the fare card machines in Bethesda . Have fun y'all . 
is in Minneapolis . 
Is happy to be headed home . 
Thomas : Can I call you Dad ? \ 
Me : Sure , you can also call me father , though that's a little formal\ 
Thomas : What's \a little formal\ " ? \ 
Is on the Mississippi watching impossibly long barges being pushed up river 
Back home from the \Cousin Extravaganza . \ " We had a great time . The Keiths ( and their neighbors ) are excellent hosts . " 
