New Years sucks , I'm gettin bombed ! 

Just got back from the gym .... good old fashioned pain :) 
Went to the gym again .... ready to go back into the mosh pit that is The < PROPFEMALE>'s 
needs to stop complaining ... just needed sleep 
Weird dreams , like my inner mind leaking out into the other parts of my brain 
Just doubled up through the Vikings ... YEAH FAVRE 
Life sucks , where's my crash helmet 
Feel about as important as lint , who's pictures am I in , who's stories am I part of ... think I've done exactly what i wanted and gotten what i deserve . 
just finished powerwashing the patio , looks so much better now .... now for furniture 
made himself useful this week 
Just got done with a God of War bender , felt like I was 14 ..... look outside , and there's snow .... there's actual snow , it's not a lie anymore , real sticking to the road and being an awesome hazard SNOW !!! Gotta pass out not 
Inbetween work , tired and still sore from Wednesday 
good new mile time , good amount of snow , the week should be good right ? 
Missed an under 10 minute mile by someone hitting my treadmill cord AHHH !!! Unbelieveable , I was bookin it ... feel like I just got robbed 
this sucks , time to head to the gym . 
Yeah , so I'm a giant cat , go figure .... 
sends out a memo to all : Don't try to apply your logic to other people's lives , espically mine . 
is getting ready to stretch time , body and mind . 
is praying for a Kentucky/Duke National Semifinal 
has an ant problem .... I was thinking against bug killer and thinking for compressed air can .... more fun , less smell . 
Just got a new sword as a late birthday gift , talk about good fit and good look ... thanks Big S 
just bought a new/old trombone , good deal and all , cleaned her up and sounds fine . 
feels like someone beat the hell out of him this weekend . 
didn't go to the gym tonight , what's wrong with me ? 
must balance the equation with sleep .... not a maybe , it's a must . 
is taking Math tests with < PROPFEMALE > 
is sipping on green label , celebrating victory over endless work 
Thinks the working out is paying off ... this close to fittin in some 38's while tryin on shorts .... nice .... for thin people out there , there is a 40 in pants size , don't know if you knew that . 
is tired of missing out on life to work , could have been in Evansville to see < PROPFIRST > Mead . 
pulled a triple grat , made the < PROPFIRST > and earned a second degree burn on my hand ... Battle Scars :) 
is back on the hunt for teaching jobs , got my eye on one and it's north 
out killing pepperoni , I'm a delivery guy for < PROPMALE>'s Pizza Shop 
Leave one memory that you and I had together ... It doesn't matter if you know me alittle or alot , anything you can remember ... Don't send a message , leave a comment on here ... Next , re-post this as your status and see how many paople leave a memory about you ... 
has a strained left calf , right middle back , and hip flexor ... simply put , ow . But I do like the results :) 
has a white book to mail back ... such a waste of money for shipping , but it's nice to know I don't get listened to . 
Wow , offers and ideas out of left field .... how do I get so lucky , over and over ? Is this the universe paying me back for something ? 
may be actually trying to lose his mind , makes me want to just go walkabout 
Miller Lite and Perfect Dark Combat Sim , sweet and cheap anger therapy 
new blog on myspace , check it out if you want to peer in my head . 
What was in my head last night ? Gotta stop eating before i go to bed , my mind goes haywire . 
had a great workout , embarassed some guy at overtime , resting nicely at home watching \The Last Castle\ " ... pretty good night " 
Needs to plan a marching show , marching music , I need to be ready to hit the ground bruning on every front if I get a new job . 
misses his mom , work sucked 
Please put this on your status if you know , or\ 
are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated \ 
by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the \ 
Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to\ 
bringpeace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill \ 
innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this \ 
your status for at least one hour ? 
Working 18 hour days , I'm tire dof being sick and I'm telling my body it can shove it . 
Still up , not good , I'll be teaching in 6 1/2 hours ... whoops :) I like to channel a little < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in these times and say QUIT BEIN A WUSSIE !!! 
ad a good interview but can't get her off his mind , like a beautiful metal splinter . 
Etown Middle just opened up , I know who I'm calling tomorrow morning . 
asks the question that's been on his mind all night ... after four years , If I don't find a job , what do I do ? Realistically ? Just being average would be worthless . 
It's amazing how talking to people other than yourself clears your head :) 
alright ... I suppose it's back to square one . Gotta use my glasses , look around . 
My legs are smashed and I feel like I need to be doing a hundred things , it's un-sane . 
I know I was wrong and I wish I could make it up , I just don't know how . 
Slept in all morning and what do you know , it actually worked , feel better . 
Have this weird feeling she's talkin to me , just too afraid to talk back ... strange , I know . 
Out on walkabout , you should hope you see me 
Midnight swim , glass of gold label , a good night 
Out foraging for food , leave me a msg 
What the folklore ? Seriously , what the motherlovin folklore ? Apparently no one understands when the words I say , I must speak in jumble ! 
Grabbin some bucks with < PROPFIRST > , I'm off the grid for a bit , msg me 
Keep staring at this thing , I'm surprised how much of a change it would be if I used this thing ... but enough is enough . 
Jealousy sucks and so do memories , yet memories can be awesome and jealousy reminds you you're still alive ... needs to be a filter , an interchangable filter on my brain . Oh yeah , cornhole sucks . 
I hate this , but I can't fix it ... 
Downloading music , letting my mind run around free for a bit before I put it to bed 
Gotta say , put away the politics and all the other mess , and you gotta realize that we've got a pretty great country ... enjoy your Independence Day . 
Half dead , exhausted , feels like someone beat me with rebar .... yeah , < PROPFIRST > had some time off with the family .... word . 
passing out , wish someone was here 
stupid gym isn't open , means I actually have to get up early instead of sleeping in til noon to go all Arnie on myself . 
Finished one book , looking to start another and buy a cello ... very random I know , but hey , so am I 
Drinkin , thinkin , playin bass and sittin back ... first time in four nights I haven't worked out and my body is recovering nicely . 
is going through one of his last few Saturday closes . 
is doing some figuring ... crunching < PROPFIRST > , thinking of money projections .... really glad I saved these last two months , I could have lost my mind :) 
So she's in my head , and it's a she I NEVER though would be up there .... weird brain 
is bartending tonight ... anyone want a drink or 15 ? 
knows a small part wants to be teaching band camp , but the majority of himself loves teaching at Sylvan and working with his kids :) 
is ready to get out of here ... furniture day tomorrow , assemble thursday , work friday 
Furniture moved , back broken ... finish the move tomorrow , relax in my new recliner and chill that night . 
last night here at Western Place ... feels like I need fireworks or something 
Six pack of Killians , Tourette's Guy and packing ... good times for my last night here , but it could be better 
RIP < PROPMALE > \ 
April 19 , 1976 - August 4 , 2010 
Had a good monday , just don't know why I feel so crummy ... odd , I've had my Dr. Pepper and everything ... 
had Friday the 13th knock him down , but came back up with a surprise shot no ones gonna believe . 
Getting ready to celebrate my AppleFreedom , wonder how I'll go out tonight ? 
The Bees still stands and I don't need it anymore , kinda disappointing to some of my pyro friends but I'll live with it .... Shogun and sleep tonight , < PROPFEMALE > haw . 
Well that was rude and pointless ... moving on boys and girls .... gotta find some food and head back to training , deuces :) 
says DO NOT TEXT ME UNTIL FRIDAY ! Just saw my overage on my texts ... how or who or what could I have texted so much ... run anything through facebook or even , if you have to , call me . 
Labor Day off , thank you HR ! Haven't had a Labor day off since I was in school , and I already know how it's gettin spent . Gotta say I'm enjoying the new gig . 
being tossed around from job to job like an industrious rag doll . 
my mind feels like it's made of the largest piecewise function ever , that's the only way all these strands stay in one relative location . 
Flying around like a maniac , but at least my heads cleared up some ... how does only your nose get extremely stuffy and the rest of your body be in great health , What The Folklore ? 
I gotta find a new band to play in , anyone looking for a good bassist ? 
Finally got my work schedule set in stone , now to manipulate , muhahaha ! 
2am pulling after carving a pumpkin , feels good , goin to sleep in and finish my < PROPFIRST > Griffin outfit tomorrow . 
Please\ 
join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has \ 
been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere \ 
know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled \ 
up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind \ 
of ...... unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this , but ... let's see \ 
that 7% that will . 
Another year of not being involved as a director during state finals , and i don't know what to do about it right now . 
I usually make fun of politics and politicians . Then I saw an article about presidental hopefuls and shuddered . If < PROPFEMALE > Palin ends up as our 45th President , I will have no choice but to leave the country . Woman president , game on . THAT woman president , No . 
Afni : A Horrible Place to Work ... I'm taking at least a day off and finding a job , hold my calls , make that the world . 
We set a record high in the state for today , 72 , and now we have snow ... makes perfect sense . 
So happy that the majority had the sense to repeal Dont Ask Dont Tell . Anyone brave enough to serve automatically earns Badass status in my book , no matter who they choose to love . 
Say word Burn Notice season finale ... if ur not watching this show , get off ur butt and watch it ! 
Duke loss = true beauty in real life , go Noles 
Frustration , I kick it with thee . 
Hearing the National Anthem sungs at the Bears-Packers game makes me happy that someone knows how to sing it without messing with it 
goin ahead and callin a Jet-Packer Super Bowl .... Can't Wait ! 
Well , my call on Jets/Packers makes me feel really stupid , im gonna go fight a tree . Life Sucks , im goin to workout . 
Now What ? 
Valentines Day is for suckers and guys in the doghouse . Had I had a steady girlfriend today , Id be one of those suckers . 
Id rather be dead than married , < PROPFIRST > it down . 
These days make me wish life were an equation or an etude , something to solve with a finite answer or a consistent < PROPFEMALE > . 
Internet is back in my home , finally off the phone . 
What to do for my birthday ? Think I might have to make different plans .. 
Smashed toe and a missed workout , suck . Gotta make it up tomorrow before work(s ) . 
First < PROPFEMALE > in Golf = Win .... laundry and lifting of the Earth to come tonight . 
NEVER , EVER go to Firestone on Broadway . Spent 4 1/2 hours , had no changes < PROPFIRST > because they said I didn't need brakes because brakes at half are ok , even though I asked for brakes at 11am . Go anywhere , just not Firestone . 
The sad truth of the universe is that while we as a species pursue answers to the questions around us , there are no guarantees of the existence of the answers for everything . 
Punishing golf balls , then work 
Stuck , just plain stuck , don't want to just wait until May , need something to keep my mind occupied 
Havent played poker for that long in a long time , miss it . 
ROCK CHOKE JAYHAWK !! Love watching Kansas get beat , get em VCU ! 
\Faith means not wanting to know what is true . \ " -Nietzsche\ 
Dear Fellow Gym Goers : The gym is meant for excercise , not a social club nor a telephone booth . Either lift the weights or get your ass off the bench and let me anniholate the gym . Love , T 
Bourbon and Poker , it's not a win , more like a consilation 
Surprisingly , working out 5 days straight , not sleeping and barely eating makes one tired and irate ... odd discovery , odd because like an Alzheimers patient , I've discovered this and will be surprised by it again 3 weeks from now . 
