I'am so glad the weekend is here !! It has been a long week hopefully next week will be better .. If I didn't have bad luck I would not have no luck at all 

Happy Easter !!! 
I have court next Monday for my third dwi , it's coming down to to the wire(starting to get worried ) . Has anyone else had 3 dwis and what was the sentence ? My last dwi was 9 years ago .... 
Ohh happy days .... Loving the weather , loving life today ( could be because I still have my freedom ) . 
Hope all of the moms had a great Mother Days !!! 
Thinking that i'am going to be sleeping real good tonight with this weather !!!! 
I'am going to watch the movie Brothers and finish reading my book and then it is bed time . 
Today is the day !!!! 
Well friends i got very lucky !! Everything is going to be okay . 
Finally free !!! 
Sometimes you have to let things or people go , no matter how much it hurts ... If that is what will make your life better !! 
Laying out by the pool for the first time this summer and I'm loving it !! 
Thanx everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
BBQ and swimming , what a wonderful day !! 
It has been a very long day . Only 4 more to go !!! 
Someone's coming over tonite !! Thank God- it's been like for ever since I had a little fun !! 
Hope the sun comes out today ! I would like to lay out by the pool , I can't go swimming , because of my new piece of jewelry-the scram bracelet ! 
Week is almost over !!! Yeah !!! 
Don't stand so close to me !! 
I want to go play in the rain !!! 
My condolences to the family of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . She was a wonderful woman . 
< PROPFEMALE > is at home cleaning house and getting dinner ready while i'am doing 12 hour days !! Maybe he does have some redeeming qualities !! 
So far , today has been a good day !! Hoping that it stays that way !! 
I just have to keep telling myself I can make it thru !! 
Off till Tuesday , that's what I'm talking about !! 
Hope everyone had a fun and safe Labor Day Weekend !! 
Omg- I just ate breaded mushrooms stuffed with crab in a creamy tomato sauce from Napolis ! It was like the best thing ever !! 
Wow , Dan and I have been together for 6 years today !! It has been a rough 6 years , but we have made it !! 
< PROPFIRST > is going to be a grandpa . It's a boy !! Ha ha !! 
Love being at home in this weather with the windows open , a book , and no kids or man around . It's a lovely day !!! 
Had a good time Yesterday at Worlds Of Fun with the family , but I'am wore out today !! 
At work ... blah , blah , blah ! 
Homemade Cinnamon rolls and big glass of milk today for breakfast ... yum !! 
In my old age , I have come to love Sundays !! 
Mommy's week-I'am the proud mommy of < PROPMALE > Mekhi < PROPFIRST > born on June15 , 2003 . I might have more children . 
Time to go see how well < PROPMALE > is doing school !! 
Kids Halloween Party !! The highlight of my life nowadays !! 
Happy Halloween !! 
People are funny !! 
Yes , it is almost time to get my Scram Bracelet off ... It's been a 120 days as of next friday and $1200.00 that I have paid for this nice piece of jewelry !! 
Feel like I should be working out and making a battle plan for Black Friday !!! 
Hope everyone had a great Turkey Day !!! 
HAD GOOD NIGHT WITH MY HONEY , SON , AND NEPHEWS < PROPFIRST > AND R.J. WE WATCHED MOVIES PLAYED VIDEO GAMES AND ATE PIZZA . ITS ALWAYS GOOD WHEN THERE IS FOOD AROUND !! 
Tis the season to be jolly !! More like tis the season to be broke !! 
Starting to look alot like Christmas !!! 
Going to try to get all my Christmas shopping done today !! Is it possible ? 
Tried to finish up X-mas shopping , but I got a migraine . Now I will have to go tomorrow and still need to wrap the stuff . Will it never end ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone !! 
Happy New Year !!! Be Safe !! 
Taking bets if there will be school tomorrow ... 
So glad it's Fridayyyyyy !!!!! 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on food stamps , medicaid , or cash assistance on your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . We have to take a drug test to work , they should have to too . 
And Life Goes On !! 
I'am so over it !! 
Why is he sooo dense ??? 
Hope everyone had a Happy < PROPFIRST > Day !! 
Sometimes when nothing is going right .... You have to go left 
I feel like I just left work and it's already time to go back ? Please go by fast 
I really think my head might explode ... 
Yes , up and moving today and feeling like I can take the world on !!! 
is realizing that sometimes your happy ending is letting go !! 
Sooo tired !!!!!!!! 
Can't wait to get off work !! Going to do some < PROPMALE > shopping for this weekend . < PROPMALE > going to his grandmas till Sunday .. It's time for a little fun time !!! 
Mizzou !!! 
Feel the burn ! 
I'am so ready to move on with my life !! I can breathe again !! Thanks to All my friends that have been there and ur words of wisdom !! Much appreciated !! 
Can go for some Dairy < PROPFEMALE > , right now !! 
A thousand reasons to smile !! 
Ha !! I learned all my lessons before now !! 
Want to go rent some movies . Any suggestions ?? 
GTL TIME and then off to work !! 
Stupid , stupid , stupid !!!!! 
Nap , Parent Teacher meeting , walking , and then tanning !! Or maybe not !? 
Ok , we got Due Date and Fighter !! 
Happy St. Patricks Day !! Everyone be safe !! 
That's hot !!!!!! 
El Diablo from the First < PROPMALE > !! Thanks < PROPMALE > !! 
My poor brutie , he goes to the vet tomorrow to get clipped !! Hopefully he will stop trying to hump everything he sees !! 
I'm going to go nuts on somebody today , I can feel it already ..... wonder who the lucky person is going to be !?? 
Well didn't mean to do all that !! 
Ugh !! Work !! 
I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . 
Watched the movie Conviction last night !! Very good movie !! 
the past should be left in the past , otherwise it can destroy your future . Live life for what tomorrow has to offer , not for what yesterday has taken away . 
Good day for bbq ! 
