Everybody has their secret sorrows which the world knows not ; and often times we call them cold when they are only sad .. 

I'm at KFMA Day !!!! the mosh pit is following meeeee 
Nothing will ever happen ... unless you make it 
I'm not short ... I'm fun size !!! ; ) 
What's the point in LIFE if you don't get off your ass and LIVE it ?! 
Love is great and possible , always , but its very rare to have the feeling that ' I want to be with this person forever\ " , 201 0-0 6-02 02:21:58 " 
There are 2 types of people in this world .. those chasing pleasure and those running from pain . Pleasure helps you forget , but pain ... Pain forces you to hope . 
Theres a lot of blood sweat and tears between dreams and success 
EVERYBODY HAS THEIR SECRET SORROWS WHICH THE WORLD KNOWS NOT ; AND OFTEN TIMES WE CALL THEM COLD WHEN THEY ARE ONLY SAD 
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love 
1 in 6,500 americans will be injured by a toilet seat during their lifetime . Most will be men 
You only get to live this life once 
It is easier to make strong children , than to repair broken men . 
Pretending I'm a pleasant person all day is exhausting ! 
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them 
Between 2 evils , I always pick the one I never tried before 
You never get a 2nd < PROPMALE > to make a 1st impression 
Woo Hoo , leaving work early on a pay day friday ... Today's not so bad after all 
WaTcH aS I mAkE eVeRy RiGhT ChOiCe WrOnG 
There goes saturday ... stuck in the grocery store parking lot ... damn car won't start :-( it's raining but still 90 degrees out ... * sigh * hope the milk doesn't go bad 
If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for , he isn't fit to live . 
WoW , this isn't even as hard as I thought it might be .... Easy to kick ' em to the curb when they're liying a**holes ! 
No doubt exists that all women are crazy ; it's only a question of degree . 
Where the F*ck is my happy ending ? 
It is better to TRY than to HOPE 
* Make Your Own Luck * 
I'm complicated , sentimental , lovable , honest , loyal , decent , generous , likable , and lonely . My personality is not split ; it's shredded 
* Love me or hate me , but spare me your indifference * 
Memories are the treasures that we keep locked deep within the storehouse of our souls , to keep our hearts warm when we are lonely 
I'm a loner , not because I enjoy solitude , but i tried to blend into the world and people continue to disappoint me 
Education is when you read the fine print . Experience is what you get when you don't . 
Take pleasure in the mingling of taste and texture 
Firefighter chili cook off at work today .... hmmm ;-) 
Nope , I haven't met Mr. Right , but I have met Mr. Rude , Mr. Fake , Mr. Annoying and Mr. Player 
Just be happy I'm not a twin :-P 
If man hasn't discovered something that he will die for , he isn't fit to live . 
I am a woman , not a < PROPFEMALE > . I have emotions , a temper , my own opinions and a hell of a right hook 
I was once told if I have nothing nice to say not to say anything at all ..... Now you all know why I'm so quiet 
Maybe its not the letting go that tears you apart , it's the holding on . It's not the forgetting , it's the remembering . 
2:30 am and just left Wal-Mart ... I am sooo not doing this next year !! 
Even though she comes off strong , she still goes to bed crying , and even though she acts like nothing is wrong , she is just really good at hiding ... 
Me ... Evil ? Mean ? A b*tch ?... I blame the economy , I had to sell my halo to Cash4Gold 
Some people come into our lives and leave footprints in our hearts , on the other hand , some make me want to leave footprints all over their face 
Todays Special : a generous portion of attitude smothered in a quick temper with a side of sarcasm 
Breathe ... I must remember I'm not allowed to throw rocks at people just because they piss me off ... Breathe ... Breathe ... Aahh f*ck it , I'm throwing it 
If they can put a man on the < PROPFEMALE > .... Why can't they just put them all up there ? 
They never suspect the quiet shy ones ;-) 
I may be broke , but I'm pretty sure your 2 cents won't get me any farther so why don't you go ahead and keep it 
I've learned that pleasing everyone is to hard , but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake 
Nope ... Still don't care , try again tomorrow 
The secret to changing your life is in your intentions 
I don't have an attitude ... I was just born with a lot of character 
Some people are like slinkys , not really good for anything , but make you smile when you push them down the stairs 
Missing someone isn't easy , but having someone to miss is wonderful .... Even better is the anticipation and excitement of getting to see them again 
I saw something today that reminded me of you .... Then I almost stepped in it 
I always make an impression ... Love me or hate me , but you'll never forget me 
There are 2 types of people in this world .. those chasing pleasure and those running from pain .. Pleasure helps you forget , but pain ... Pain forces you to hope .. 
I'm not exactly crazy .... My reality is just different than yours 
Sometimes I'm not everything I wish I could be , but I'm everything I need to be , I'm just me and I like it like that 
Sometimes memories are worth the pain ... 
Sometimes I wish I could make it all go away .... Then I realize I just wouldn't be me .... 
Give me strength to change the things I can , and a few shots of Jager to accept the things I cant 
If your looking for perfect .... Go buy a damn < PROPFEMALE > 
DO NOT DISTURB .... I'm disturbed enough already , thanks 
No I don't want your opinion , no I don't need your advice , no I don't care and yes the right side of the bed was NOT available this morning 
The heart doesn't feel emotion , its just an organ that pumps blood through your body . Sooo loving someone with all your heart is logically impossible 
Let's just start with the assumption that I am right and go on from there . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , its a sign that you have been trying to be strong for far to long 
Sometimes life is hard , but you have to take the good with the bad , the happy with the sad and be grateful for what and who you have 
If you can't please ' em , piss ' em off ..... It makes ' em leave faster 
Friends will keep you sane , love could fill your heart , a lover can warm your bed , but lonely is the soul with out a mate . 
