Goodmorning , Going to go register at Ceaser Chavez !!! It seems it would be to my advantage to know a little spanish ... & be computer literate . 

We shall encounter enemy attacks in any number of areas . While we ought not live in fear of it , we're not to be ignorant of it either . The enemy loves for you to be kept ignorant about him , to think inaccurately or with a shrug .... 
Do you need some good news ? We can resist the enemy ! His attacks may be directed toward the vulnerable part of your life , but the sheild of faith will protect you from them . You can resist him . But resist ( the enemy ) , firm in your faith ... \ 
I < PROPFIRST > 5:9 
She is Beautiful just like MoM !!!! 
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true . This special secret , it seems to me , can be summarized in four Cs . They are curiousity , confidence , courage , and constancy , and the greatest of all is confidence . When you believe in a thing , believe in it all the way , implicitly and unquestionably . ~ Walt Disney ~ 
A true friend doesn't care if you are broke , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is full of loonies . They love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and they never question their friendship . Post this if you are lucky ... enough ... to have at least one of these friends ...... they will know who they are ?? 
The photos you posted are so cool . . . especially since I havent seen them since about ' 96 . Wish you would move back to Fresno so I'd have a cool < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with again . 
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving , and that's your own self . ~~~ Aldous Huxley 
Well that is the end of the photo contest ; it seems there is always a catch .... 
He is so beautiful , I said it before now I've said again . Simply precious ;) 
Lifes not the breaths you take , but the moments that take your breath away . Performed by the undeniable ' Gearge Strait ' on the CMA s . In Nashville Tennesse tonight . He is an amazing country artist . 
Last night a friend from Grade school got ahold of me through the miricle of FB . She saw me on Jonny M.s friend list . I was in shock that anybody from that time in my life would remember , that was more than 30 years ago . WOW I have a friend from the 70s , she is still my friend ..... yes I am smiling : ) 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , repost . I dare you\ 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So love the people who treat you right , forget about the ones who don't and believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said that it'd be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . 
FYI . . . just in case you did not know , the Holiday in Airport is having a vintage guitar show , started yesterday the 25th-29th ... free admission !!! \ 
Show info : ( 217 ) 523-4225 I wanna go ! No , I'm gonna go ! 
Kids with special needs\ 
aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants - to be accepted . Can I\ 
make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for\ 
at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all\ 
children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are ... \ 
... faced with it . See More\ 
about an hour ago ·UnlikeLike · Comment 
The speed of light is faster than the speed of sound . That's why so many people appear bright ... until they speak . 
K now that I am Quiz crazy , I am going to take in some zzzzzzzzz's night all . :) 
Dude BOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY you funny you always put a great big huganic s ~ EATING GRIN ON MY FACE !!!!! EAR TO EAR MY DEAR ! 
Yaaaa , just got done filing taxes ........ 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . Thanks 
< PROPMALE > Gallenkamp\ 
I have a personal reason for Asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found / Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought & who are 
Breaking News : .. The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-waah . This is Dr. Sniffle reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' 
