I wish I could stay out of trouble >_< 

might have to get a new phone . * sad panda * 
got his phone fixed up with a new SIM card . And there was much rejoicing . 
has become acutely aware of his hips . Must have broke them playing Capoeira . Along with every other body part . * creak * 
is happily confused . And tired =_= 
is no longer confused . Still tired . More at 11 . 
is trying to decide if it is complicated or not . The fish says its complicated . I concur . 
is happy despite the nature of his very confusing life . * kicks the music up * 
is having red bull and buttered toast for breakfast . Mmmm , tasty ! 
wants to take a nap but must clean the house . Who made all this mess !? * glances at the man in the mirror * 
can't say no to hope ... can't say no to happiness ... it doesn't scare him at all . 
declares today to be Less-Emo-Than-Yesterday Day . 
needs sleep . What a whirlwind of activity and emotion it has been . * zombie walk to bed * 
thinks , all in all , life is pretty good .. despite the things that make you go \hmmm . \"" 
is growing and learning . I'm not perfect . Perhaps I've been inattentive ; or let unkind words out of my mouth ; or haven't done things the way you'd like . But , I appreciate ALL my friends and ALL are important to me . My new goal is to focus on the positives and forgive even if I'm not asked . But , I'm going to be more selfish and take less crap than you're used to .. because I've learned self-respect . I still <3 you tho . 
needs a caffeinated , carbonated , refrigerated beverage . And some chocolate . 
has had the most unusual day . It's funny how just when you think you have things figured out that suddenly things change and force you to reconsider . Could I possibly be any more vauge ? 
Don't be miffed if I haven't accepted an app/gift request . I just cleared 100+ requests and didn't really go through them . I'm just not much interested in the games or sending virtual rainbows , ponies , and stickers to people . Well , maybe rainbows ... Are you feeling the Care Bear Stare ? And what is this ? Why , its My Little Pony bringing me some scratch-n-sniff stickers ... * blink * .... What ? Don't look at me like that . 
I retract my previous despairing status update . Optimism is back in fashion today . 
is having some much deserved down-time . Of course , I have to be up at 3:00 am and I'm not even packed . But .... who cares ?! My life has been a whirlwind lately . 
thinks that it is shitty that he has to go through all of this . Why can't I can't have happiness just as much as anyone else . I am tired of being guilted by all of you , my so called family , when I am just doing the best to have a bit of happiness . If you want to pray for me , go ahead . If you want to pity me , go ahead . I am sick of the pity and the prayers . You people doen't even know me . 
just handed over the keys to the landlord this morning . Thank goodness that is all over with ! More to come ... 
thinks that today has extended its stay too long . Give me tomorrow now ! 
is ready for an adventure because some change would be nice . Welcome to the doldrums . 
Either these new glasses have really improved my vision or I am just extra lucky today . I have found 7 four-leaf clovers this morning . 
Has had it with landlords , car dealers , and banks . All of them are taking part in a concerted effort to waste my time and money today . A return phone call , maybe a bit of customer service and a smidge of honesty is all I ask . I expect too much , I guess . 
is losing his award-winning < PROPFEMALE > at a rapid rate today . 
Hmmm ... Is it permissibile to have cake for breakfast ? 
Today is the greatest . 
In keeping with my luck as of late , I have lost my debit card somewhere . Yay me ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
