I am not looking forward to writing my paper this week . 

The 50-50-90 rule : Anytime you have a 50-50 < PROPMALE > of getting something right , there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong . -- < PROPMALE > Rooney 
Is irritated by stupid people and stupid choices 
Happy Birthday to me Happy Birthday to me and Happy New year to all of you ! 
Thanks to everyone that wished me happy birthday . I hope your new year is filled with lots of love , joy , prosperity and happiness . 
Been busy starting up my business and dealing with lots of homework . Only two weeks and we have to decide if we are moving to NY or not . Oh the joys of life . 
When you think things can't get worse life throws you in the gutter and stomps on you to make sure you are down . 
It is amazing who is there for you and who isn't at the times you really need it . Just goes to show how much you can count on people you never realized you could count on . 
is up too early and bored 
keeping my fingers crossed that this job will happen for my husband 
I swear V-day is the worst holiday to figure out a present for a guy for . i am stumped 
I am seriously bored . 
My step daughter < PROPMALE > should be having her baby any day now . looks like very soon . :) I get to play with a squishy baby lol . 
Do you know < PROPFIRST > Shit ? Go here and you will :) http://www.whoisjackshit.com/ 
I never thought I would be so happy to be a grandma at 25 but I am !! and he is cute . < PROPMALE > Gabrial 6lbs 7 oz 22 inches long . born at 9:25 am and I watched teh whole thing . It was truely amazing . Baby and Mom are doing great . Grandpartents on the other hand are still tired . :) but it is safe to say it was worth the lack of sleep . 
3 am and still awake , I really wish I could just sleep . 
has realized Percocet and logic don't mix . :p 
Well It is that time again , just sitting in the Dr. ' s office getting my IV treatment to last me another 8 weeks . At least it is two more months with less pain and more mobility . 
My husband stole my cookie :( 
GUESS WHO IS WORKING AT HOLLYWORLD !?!? LOL ME !! 
feels potty training a dog at 4:30 am is annoying but sometimes necissary . 
In the spirit of Saint patricks day I thought I would share a few < PROPFEMALE > sayings . :) “Both your friend and your enemy think you will never die . ” “But the greatest love - the love above all loves , Even greater than that of a mother - Is the tender , passionate , undying love , Of one beer drunken slob for another” “If you're lucky enough to be < PROPFEMALE > , then you're lucky enough . ” 
First morning of the new job . Just trying to wake up and get used to not sleeping til noon . :) 
The day off and happily spending it alone with the hubby . Would be even better if i didn't have a damn cold lol . Just can't win 
Working hard at getting my all natural incenseput together and listed for sale . I hope my lotions can start being made tomorrow . 
well cold seems to be a mild flu . :( Bleh almost have stuff ready to post on my site for the incense . 
Mild flu turned into crappy flu . I really need to get better . 
Going for Ice cream with the hubby :) mini date night since I finally feel better . 
So I want to write but nothing seems to come to mind . grrrr ..... I need to get poetry together and start bugging publishing companies . 
writers block pisses me off ..... 
Done with Winter term !! I get a week off then back to the grindstone with spring term . 
HAPPY OSTARA !!! Blessed be and Praise be to the goddess !!! :) 
Is hopeing to hear back tomorrow about a job : 0 
<--- can't spell 
prolly going to head to bed soon not feeling the greatest hoping tomorrow I will find out if I got the job or not . 
no word about the job yet , but they are still doing interviews . 
Worried about my grammy going to call her tomorrow . 
My grammy is doing a little better I think they might let her out tomorrow . Got the best call ever from her today she loved the flowers I sent . :) 
well it looks like my grandma is coming home from the hospital today . 
sick yet again , when will this end .... 
I HAVE A JOB INTERVIEW !!!! TOMORROW !!! 
I have decided there needs to be more testing doen before they let people become professors in a college environment . Stupidity knows no boundaries . I may not be able to spell lol but i at least can spot the dumb ones . 
yay ! tomorrow I get to get my grandson for the weekend :p 
“Buttercup : That's the fire swamp ! We'll never survive Wesley : Nonsense ! You're only saying that because no one ever has . ” 
“You mean , you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword and we'll try and kill each other like civilized people ? ” 
\There is a difference between all dead and mostly dead . Whats that ? Mostly dead you can bring them back to life all dead all you can do is search thier clothes nad look for loose change . \"" 
Brain is dieing , Polynomials need to eat shit and die . As well as thier fucking factors . grrrr 
I would talk to myself but , I find myself and I to be boring . Me , on the other hand is just crazy . :p 
mmmmm .... fried pickles :) 
I have decided you can't pay me enough to ride in a moving vehicle . 
Back to takeing pictures and Editing again :) Yay ! 
Is Offically old . They have a three CD set of all the rock songs from high school on late night TV . Rember when we were young and used to see the hairband CD sets or the Old Country sets .. yeah it has happened to us now . 
97 degrees and I don't think it is cooling down for a while . bleh . 
It is official I am a clutz , sprained my ankle :) oh well it will heal . 
Well the ankle is getting better , not 100% yet but better . 
My lil sis will be here tomorrow !! guess who won be sleeping tonight lol . 
Lil sis is here and it is great , now if only I could get my homework done :p 
< PROPMALE > helped make dinner and it tasted good :p She can cook after all lol ! 
Bleh miss my sister , she needs to come back to Oregon soon 
Blah 
2 weeks count them one , two , and my migraine is still not gone . I think I am on the verge of going crazy . this sucks . 
Went to the hospital last night and the migraine is now gone . Good bye hell 
So it is 4:30 am and the hell is back . Only this time I can't sleep because of it . * sigh * I really just want at least one day of good health , no pain , and a nice lack of anything stressful . think it is too much to ask ? 
Win stuff for Zynga games\ 
http://lotto.zynga.com?ref=fbt&zid=31081437246&h=c410 
HAPPY MABON !! Today is a day of balance and celebration . 
mmmm ... Homemade tamalles for dinner and apple muffins for dessert . 
I hate people and I hate trying to do the right thing . I give up I am tired of being nice . 
I like it on the coffee table . 
I have the best husband ever . My back is messed up and he is making Sesame Chicken from scratch . I am truly loved . 
Married couples who love each other tell each other a thousand things without talking . \ 
~ Chinese proverb 
Can't wait til tomorrow ! I get to not only celebrate 2 years with the hubby but I also get to go to the ballet ! :) 
Time : 2:52 am . Mood : blah Satus : can't sleep and I wish I could . I just get tired of life throwing shit my way and yanking it back at the last moment . Oh well , just teaches a person to quit dreaming cause the only thing they will ever be are dreams ... 
You know I am 25 years old , Although some people don't realize it but I am an ADULT and I would like to think that grants me some respect when talking to me . Just because someone has 20 years on me doesn't mean they can talk to me like I am a piece of shit . If you don't like what I have done with my life or my opinions don't talk to me . Simple as that ! 
keeping my fingers crossed for < PROPFIRST>'s interview today ! Hope everything works out well and they decide that they cannot do without him . 
Happy Turkey Day 
is stuffed 
So this is where i would put a status if I could think of a good one to put up . 
I had an interesting thought as I waited for the bus today . People in Wilsonville must be parinoid they are always running . I only run when something is chasing me but I never see anything runing behind them . :) And this is what comes to my brain when I have a cold and have to stand in the cold for 20 mins waiting on the bus to get cold meds . 
Dayquil and cough drops are my friend , If only they could last 24/7 
Went and cut a tree for Christmas , it was fun and a new experiance the guy there was a great help and the tree is huge !! I love it . Now to get the boys to put the lights and stuff on and to get the dog to stop trying to eat it lol 
To Do for Chrsitmas :\ 
Make 7 dozen snickerdoodles : Done\ 
Make2 baches of Peanut brittle : Done\ 
Make Dinner Rolls : Not done\ 
Make Green Bean Casserole : On its way\ 
Wrap Christmas Presents : Half done\ 
\ 
Lol I always try to get myself over my head on he Holidays :) \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas ! 
Made Pot Roast in the new Dutch Oven , It was great !! I love getting new pots for Chrsitmas :) 
Making peanut butter fudge and dinner for two 
Last day of this term and i am done with two more classes , I am just hoping i didn't mess up too mmuch and lose my 4.0 . I really hate accounting . 
First day of not smoking and the patch makes me feel like crap , th eplus side is i guess things always have to get worse bfore they get better . 
Well moving into day two and noone is dead yet . The patch still makes me feel sick but I am hoping that as the days pass so shall the sickness from the patches . I've had at least one < PROPMALE > craving but my hubby kept me on track . I just have to tell myseld it was my choice and it will be for the better . 
Well onto day three and it sure can be tough . I knew I wanted to quit and knew it woud be hardbut this is hell . 
Well i made it to day four of not smoking and everyone is still alive in the household . Yesterday seemed rather easy for me . I sure hope today goes as well as yesterday . 
Well on to day 5 or I should say patch number 5 . I has been rough but I'm getting there . 
Day 6 here i come !! 
Bleh , Thats it just bleh 
So it has been a week now of not smoking . The cravings are gone , the irritability has lessened and I really feel I can do it . Now if the insomnia would go away it would be great ! 
If you ever need some extra entertainment get the playstation move , It is great fun watching others . :) 
| ............. | Put this on your\ 
| ... *..* ..... | profile if you know someone\ 
| .... \\o/ ..... | who has walked into a\ 
| ..... | ....... | Patio Door that was\ 
| ..... / . \\ ..... | CLOSED !!!!!! 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without you brothers and sisters protesting , it is so ! Sibling war ! IT'S ON !!! 
YAY ! I get to go see my Uncle in about a week down in cali and meet my father inlaw for the first time . 
IS TOTALLY EXCITED !! I just recieved my membership nomination to the National Society of Collegiate Scholars today !!!! I never realized that 4.0 gpa could get me something so amazing !!! 
