back in UCLA and its actually not cold 

dead tired from trying a self modified version of P90x mixed with things to make it more intense . Regrettably I made it too intense ... 
I wanna sleep ... 
Currently in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Man I been listening to punk and classic rock lately . Mostly < PROPFEMALE > and Greenday 
A good workout makes me feel good afterwords even though I'm tired ... 
Got a new phone : Nokia E71 Smartphone , and bought a guitar from < PROPFIRST > , I feel like I've been indulging myself in new stuff ... 
You know , of all the P90X workouts that I've done , my favorite has always been and so far is still Ab Ripper X , I thinks it's the funnest of all the workouts . 
Asking myself why ? yet again ... 
Got back from LA , now gonna head to Chico in a few hours to help someone move ... 
Omg less than 2 weeks before I move to LA 
O-Week is finally over . Happy and hoped I didn't fail the first inspection ... 
Tired .... 
Just spent 3 hours DIPing and polishing shoes .... 
So far I already have quite a few people to add on facebook , but cant find out which of the many facebooks us theirs .... 
Tired , chilling during/after the < PROPFEMALE > festival was fun , but i hate how the fair in the LA chinatown sucked ... 
Woot time to do homework and load on carbs for tomorrow 
is exceptionally bored 
i hate chem now ... 
2 midterms next week woot ... and family coming down on Saturday 
Omg , 2 finals and a Com Sci Project due all within 3 days ... 
Seyla Seng , < PROPMALE > Tang , < PROPMALE > Paulo Prado , < PROPFIRST > Kamlley , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > hey hey lets go to stoneridged on the 23 xD . 
hungry , talking to < PROPFEMALE > , and freezing ... 
man winter vacation is almost over and that makes me sad ... 
Finally back at UCLA from New Orleans , Mardi Gras , and NROTC Drill Meet . Burned about $150+ on food in like 3 days . But i ate everthing on my to eat list xD , gator tail was very good . 
Man I wish that sometimes , I wish that i didn't have all this stuff to do ... 
Hungry , bored , and sad that I don't read instructions for Physic's hw closely enough . 
Yesshh ... This quarter be over soon . And soon i be taking 21 Units . 
SCIDM was interesting , got spit in my face because of the DIs that may have given me an eye infection/pink eye , but with 2 broken rifles we managed to secure 1st in inspection and 3rd in color guard . Well hooray for the end of drill . 
Yay one more final . BOO thats its physics . Well its at 11:30 , and i think i did horrible this quarter in terms of finals and grades , i think i might not get an A this quarter . Well ill prolly get an A in Naval Science , but that doesn't count lol . 
Back in LA 
im confused because i just looked at my aim list and I have a < PROPMALE > I don't recall and don't remember adding or talking to . 
Just drank some spoiled soy milk .... Not going to feel well . 
Tired and just being in discussion . Cant wait til lunch . 
Hmmm , I think I sprained my back doing a fireman's < PROPFEMALE > with someone thats 1.5 times my bodyweight . Hopefully it won't hurt tonight when I go to sleep . 
5 days a week at 5 am wake up . Rotc fun right ? 
So , just went to My Last Lecture Award , and it was worth it . An amazing proffessor and an amazing lecture on life . Those who don't even know about it should go enxt year . 
Lol I might become like < PROPFIRST > Vu cause Im starting to forget to do my EE3 HW as well xD 
.... I don't wanna study for physics BLARGH !!!! 
Yay , I got no studying done for tomorrow's midterm xD . Im totally screwed . 
Why am I wasting time on FB I need to shower and sleep . Stair Circuit tomorrows gonna hurt . 
Oh snap , i got a beta key to sc 2 . Man i know im gonna waste some time xD . 
cant wait to play the official beta for sc 2 . 
OMG i like SC2 , brings back old memories and adds new ones , now i just need to get used to the next playstyles 
After playing the offical beta for SC2 , I can't wait til it comes out . Already have it pre ordered . Now time to shower and sleep and get ready for tomorrow morning's pt session . 
Dunno why I have body fat caliphers , but using the 3 skinfold method with them its says I have like 6.3% bodt fat . Now I just need to do crunches everyday to get abs . 
At chinese american culture night . Hopes its amazing 
Waiting for some boiling crab . They lied to us about the wait time ... 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile\ 
Oh finally got my NWUs ( ie the blue digis ) 
Omg I need to finish my rough draft for my History Paper , but Im getting way distracted xD 
Man just the conclusion left to go . Distraction Distraction Distractions 
Man , going to buy a camelbak and its like 120 ... 
Found a business opportunity that can potentially make me alot of money . I can tell anyone whose interested more about it , just contact me xD . I can also save people money on some telecommunications bills , also contact me . 
So , for some reason the back of my lower calves hurt . Maybe it was the stair and quarters yesterday ... Note to self ( Running with 3L of water in a camelbak is heavier than I believed ) 
Man I feel tired ... I guess getting less sleep than usual for an entire week will make me feel out of it xD . 
Also finally bought an external hard drive to back up my computer now . I should've done this months ago and though this hard drive came with a PC tuning software to improve computer speeed . 
So I remember the days when we played Warcraft over Hamachi , and now Hamachi is so different . 
So i don't know why , but i seem to be updating my facebook status alot more now . 
So , all this week i been going to sleep late , well need to go to sleep tomorrow night because PRT is monday . If you see me on facebook or on AIM , MSN , Skype , they tell me to get off . 
Man now that I slept , I think I slept too much today . Ill feel lethargic all day now .... 
Man , time to get started and make my presentation for naval science , read some history/Chinese , and attempt to study some physics , but most likely will get distracted with SC 2 
Ok finished making my presentation , time to relax and go to sleep early , but i woke up at like 12-1 today so I don't know how that will work out . 
So , i was going to go to sleep after I take a shower , but right before I did , someone was already using the shower .... Yay i geet 30 mins less sleep . 
Omg , I need to read , someone hit me if Im plauing too many games !! 
Ok , my desk area is sort of clean now , just some wires all over the place and alot of junk stacked up on the shelves xD 
aw pen ran out of ink .... 
Man , after this quarter , if my grades stay higher than a 2.75 , no more study/tutor hours 
Yes time to go to sleep . SO TIRED !!!! 
Man , the year i coming to an end , but i have to make it count , and make reminder lists for next year so I don't forget to do stuff , like applying for an internship at LLNL . 
bleh internet is really slow in Haines ... 
arg , headache . 
Nice hot showers always makes a headache feel a little better . 
so today i slept in til 12:30 and I feel really lazy now 
today , going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and teh beach was awesome . 
So one week left , and i know im definitely getting 2 As at least , I got a 99.5% in my nav sci midterm and a 95% on my chinese 50 midterm . 
Man ive had too much pizza today 
I need to stop hacking < PROPFEMALE>'s account . She never did anything to deserve that ! \ 
I love her too much :D 
I got my facebook hacked by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > xD 
after playing games for about 5 hours straight , i get a headache . I also slept for like 12 hours after not sleeping yesterday and 2 2.2 mile jogs with < PROPMALE > Paulo Prado . Man i feel like i wasted today away ... 
I feel like im being lazy . I only went jogging/running a few times , swam a few times and did pushup/situp drills like once so far . 
FUUUUUUU ... waiting on < PROPFIRST > Kamlley so we can head over to climb Mt . Diablo . 
OMG , classes that i want to take are already full , need to figure out what im going to take now . GODDAMIT !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Vu < PROPFEMALE > Pham < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , which EE1 dis are we taking ? 
Hmmm , i got accepted to the UCHA Coopt . Off campus dorm for no more than $5000 a year . But i also see a private bachelor apartment for $850 a month .... 
OMG i just got my birthday present in the mail . Razer orochi mouse , razer acosta keyboard . They are amazing . xD and i got a razer kabuto mouse pad as well . 
Was out on off base liverty till 12:30 and then went of watch from 0500 to 0800 . Worst watch time ... 
Now going out to sea on an amphin for a couple of days 
Damn , the navy wastes so much time . Mustered at the makin island wet dock to depart at 12:39 . Didn't actuallu leave til 2 and waited on the transport boa 
t for another hour so far ... 
Man after visiting the amphibious base at Coronado and being asked by 6 different EOD officers and chiefs if we pted this morning makes me feel motivated to go to the gym and get huge 
Man i've been working out more in san < PROPMALE > that i did in a long time . Good thing for 3 gyms and people to keep me motivated . 
so my submarine underway experience was nice . got to do a few things that are classified . I can say that i can neither confirm or deny that i was within a few feet of nuclear ballistic missiles . I also managed to get the CO's coin . Now i need to get an O-6 coin or higher . 
tomorrow , im off to camp pendelton to spend a week with the marines . Gonna be fun training with them with connections and luxuries of the world other a rack a rucksack and good ol MREs 
finally got internet on my phone 
off to sf and off to spend money i prolly dont have xD 
finally home from sf . And someone lost half the pika pika pictures xD . You know i still love you . 
damn is hella < PROPFEMALE > outside 
shit ive been sleeping too much 
the new blazblue is interesting . They changed alot of stuff . 
just saw despicable me . Man it was pretty good 
had a good day , it was fun . I had good food saw a good movie and best of all i got to spend some time with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
well im getting my wisdom teeth removed . Yay for bloated cheeks . 
well wisdom teeth are gone . And they said cheek might not bloat at all . 
watched < PROPFIRST > pilgrim the other day , it was pretty good and now im playing fallout3 thats modded up the ass . 
haha just got zipcar membership . So when we go on another adventure , we gots a car . 
Oh man one more week . Well time to fix my sleep schedule haha . 
well went on a hike with my cousin . A good 20-30 one haha . Kinda disappointing thought it would still be at least 2-3 hours 
What ? According to the zipcar website , you need to be 21 to eligible . Thats weird since I know people who are using zipcar but aren't 21 yet . 
Hmmm upon doing some additional research , its seem that i having 2 speeding tickets within 18s disqualifies me for zipcar . I guess ill have to wait a bit then ... 
haha < PROPFEMALE > cant eat even something a little spicy 
ok coop is kinda dingy but o well its cheap 
bleh i have to work tomorrow from 9-1 
wtf , this morning the keyboard on my laptop stopped working . Good thing i have another keyboard though . 
so does anyone know what you do in desma ? 
haha , went to the gym for the first time in a while . Man it feels good 
first pt session of the year and its hella hot out . Sad to say my lungs need to get stronger 
sigh , i wish it wasnt so hot . Makes me not want to go to class . 
projected weather report says heat will go down soon . Hopefully its right . Just a few more days of super heat 
Haha , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is a super dork ! 
Well time to go to get a few things done and take a nap until class starts . 
haha just got off work at the Coop , now to relax before class . 
bleh got put on remedial by 10 secs . Shoulda ran more during summer . 
i want to buy the samsung galaxy s 
The new android is amazing 
When I mean android I meant the new galaxy s 
The phone is amazing I just need to get used it 
So yeah the galaxy s rocks as a phone I life it 
Man I'm using this phone too much now xD 
http://www.product-reviews.net/2010/09/20/samsung-galaxy-tab-pre-order-android-based-tablet-on-amazon/\ 
\ 
What ? samsung has a galaxy version of the iPad . an apple is really get competition now . 
Well time for breakfast then work 
< PROPFEMALE > is awesome pawesome ! I am not worthy of her ! 
Oh man joining the kung fu club . A good 3-4 hour workout on the weekend 
At tech fair . hopefully I win something 
This design game is weird . 
Man went to a chinese restaurant called hop woo . Food wasn't that good . 
Yay almost done with my lab report 
So , time to move rooms across the street . Then date with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gah I haber no internet in my new rom right now 
Haha phone is the only place I have internet right now 
Damn don't think I have time for the gym today . 
Man so much to do this week 
I <3 New York ! 
Haha . I think I'm not going to do today well this quarter . Oh well I'll push through . 
I'm a total geek who will attack my gf if I can't play ! 
Just measured my body fat with some fat calipers . It says that I have 5.35% body fat , and almost all of that fat is in my abdominal area ... 
damn just when i thought that I can get the room to myself someone is going to movein on Sunday .... 
Sad , Im very sad .... I missed a huge sale ... 
Boom got a coin from the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff . 
So got like 3-4 hours of sleep last night . Then now at la brea tar pits . After I get back time got kung fu club . 
Ouch hit my knee the other day with head of the spear when practicing yesterday and now it hurts to walk . Tomorrows status and quarter is going to suck . 
I feel like I'm going to get small b's this quarter ... 
Just dropped my phone . Not good at all . Hopefully there isn't anything wrong with it . 
Boom Navy PRT :\ 
120 Situps = Out high\ 
100 Push-ups = Out high\ 
10:00 1.5 Mile Run = Good high\ 
Overall = Out low 
making my friend turn in my homework for me while I nap and slack off like the dork I am . BOOM . 
Gah , no atm card = no cash . Im surviving with just a credit card right now . Need a haircut right now , but everywhere i went does not accept credit card , cash only . Anyone know how to do a fade ? 
I'm a total geek . I'd rather play games than < PROPFEMALE > out with my girlfriend and friends . LOL 
Black friday shopping was productive . I got myself a new pair of running shoes and some new clothes from express . 
Gah locked forgot my keys and locked myself out 
I'm a super dork !!! 
I'm the dorkiest dork alive ! 
Studying is underrated . Final tomorrow ? LOL time !!!!! 
Someone keeps hacking my facebook .... 
is it me or is my.ucla.edu is not working and i cant seem to get more lecture slides to study ... 
finally going to go home 
Ah home sweet home and I got to sleep in this morning 
So every grade is out so far except EE and its 2 A's and 2 A-'s . Yaya Best Quarter so far , 
Gah training so hard for the past few days . Can't really go jogging in this weather . 
So found out that I got B- in EE . Thats my worst grade this quarter and I dunno if this is bad or good haha . Well overall quarter gpa is 3.66 which is good . 
Second time grandma was admitted to the hospital in two weeks . Hopefully she'll be fine . 
Grandmas just passed away 
I am a dork , yet again . :) 
Woot going to Vegas this weekend . Gonna be the bomb xD 
So during class I heard a a girl scream . Then about 40 mobs later I heard am ambulance . Anyone know what happened ? 
So totally saw an entire class of chinese elementary kids here on a field trip just outside of sac . 
We have arrived in vegas 
Mmm $42 buffet it better be amazing . 
So full a 40 dollar buffet and trying to make it worth it my belly is gonna explode . 
Just got back from Vegas . Also tried a spicy ramen challenge and my stomach hurts ... 
Tire gonna pull an all nighter to get some hw done . 
So tired , but I think I'm used to it now . I've also upgraded they monster that I drink to nitro . 
Woah part of ucla just got quarantined by the hazmat . I wonder what happened there . 
just used turbo taxed and file my tax return for last year . Go CORTRAMID for making me do taxes for last year for just one month .... At least I'm getting 26 back in tax returns ... 
Just got quicken and starting the get my financial information updated 
???? 
Haha I think I bombed my midterm 
So , there was no way to really study for the EE2 Midterm . So who wants to retake it with me at a later date . 
So my gpa is definitely taking a hit this quarter 
It seems that I fell within the lower edge of the standard deviation of my midterms this quarter . In hindsight , I realized that I did things wrong on the midterm that I should not have , the questions were not as bad as I thought when I looked over the solutions .... Well need to ace the finals if I want to not end up in the C range . 
NSU Culture night was amazing . I loved it . Now time to go to sleep and prepare for tomorrow . 
At tulane for the drill meet . I wonder if we'll place this year 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Imamoto do you guys know if we have to use Boelter to use Matlab ? Cause the licensing software said something about needing to be physically inside an engineering building . 
Hmm for some reason , google is down . That is weird . 
2 finals done 3 more to go 
So ee 101 was pretty bad ... Well 2 more finals to go 
WTF , the guy who was supposed to turn in our group research paper basically fucked us over . He didn't turn it in and won't respond to anyone whose trying to contact him . This is a fucking bad quarter now ... 
One more final to fail and its over 
Finally done with finals 
Yes , i got a 80/100 on my EE2 Final and the average was 57.56 . Haha that makes me feel good about that class . 
Man so much hard rain . Not even showers , and with cold temperatures , i guess i can't really go outside to go jogging . 
