I have nothing to do and I am really bored . 

Had the worst sleep last night and wants to do something today . 
aw < PROPFEMALE > is so cute ! 
Might see Public Enemies on Saturday ! (= 
bored to death and really want to do something with someone today . 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! (= 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s a little while ago . I had fun . (= 
First Term < PROPMALE > 1 Mr. < PROPMALE > , Senior Chorus Mr. Mishler , 9th American History Mrs. Koch , English 9 Mr. Moyer . This schedule is very confusing to me . 
I have two classes with friends and thats it . I was bored all day ... 
Just got home from being in an accident . 
Is going to be sick all freaking weekend . )= 
Going to Dorney Park this weekend I don't care if I am sick it is something to do . Hopefully they have a lot of rollercoaster because if they do I am going on them all . 
Going to a party at my aunts house in an hour . 
Leaving for Dorney Park ! 
Got home from Dorney Park a little while ago . 
Just got home a few minutes ago . Have nothing to do all weekend . 
Does NOT want to go to school . 
I just saw a headline that said \Man made house out of legos\ " that is freaking cool ! " 
Just finished watching The Last House On The Left the gore was awesome but the movie sucked . 
Just finished studying for the ninth american history test tomorrow I hope I get an A on that test because I never study . 
Since my computer is being really annoying and won't leave a comment on Logans comment I am going to Vo Tech to be in Law Enforcement . 
Really does not want to go to school tomorrow ... It is a half day who wants to go to school on a half day ? 
Is not looking forward to an hour and a half of American history and who knows how long for math . 
Can not wait until the next break ! That is all I look forward to getting off of school . 
Thirteen days until beak ! Can't wait to get out of school I really don't like school at all . 
Neext week all we have are two and a half days . Man , Christmas is finally here . Finally ! 
I have been sick since Sunday and have to represent a stupid project in American History to the class tomorrow . I can't wait ! )= 
I hate the people in my classes ! Not having a good day . AT ALL ! 
We have a two hour delay ! 
Just finished stupid definitions and meanings for english . What is the point of it ? 
No school tomorrow and a half day on Friday if we are even going to school Friday . Can this week get any better ? 
I hope we do not have school tomorrow and if we do I am going to be miserable even though it is a half day . 
Not looking forward to school tomorrow . 
I am getting my hair cut tomorrow . Layers and side bangs is what I am getting . 
it squeaks when you bang it thats what she said - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Watching Scrubs ! 
Got my hair cut an hour ago . I get side bangs and I like them . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
I just saw the video the Grapist ! It is HALARIOUS ! 
Get to leave early today at 12:30 ! 
Rube Goldberg project today ! )= 
I had a good day today I actually did something this summer that was fun . I hope I have more fun before the summer ends . 
I am really loathing the day we go back to school . It is slowoly sneaking up and I don't like it . Anyone else agree ? 
I am up way too early . 
I'm sore from gym ... I am such a weakling . 
Party at two . The only exciting thing I have done this weekend . 
Had fun at the parade tonight . 
I would rather be a crying pussy than a faggy emo kid . I love you Butters ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
