Had so much fun with my beautiful little niece today ; get to see her agian for dinner . So happy we got to visit !!! 

Can't believe it ..... I just tried on my skinny jeans and they actually fit . They are a size 0 and took me almost three years after haven Skylar to get back in to them comfortabley . I am so shocked and excited so thought I ' d shared . 
Just Watched the new Gaga video ... Bitch is crazy but awsome lol 
I'm getting so anxious . Speedy comes home in three weeks I can't wait it's been so long . 
Just relaxin been cleanin like a crazy women maken sure my man has a clean house to come home to lol ...... 9 more days , can't believe 9 months has already gone by 
Feelin so tired can't wait to talk to my baby tonight and then just crash lol 
I found out yesterday that Speedy is comen home early , I am so excited now I'm just sitten on pins n needles waitin for him to walk through the door . 
Looks like we are back to thursday ..... damn sands storms lol 
Couldn't be happier just spending time with my Speedy ;) 
Just got back from dropping Speedy off at the airport :( Missing him already ................. I am so glad this is the last stretch . Just can't wait to start our lives together 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog with my Sky-Guy 
Ok the contest turned out to be full of adds lol . So never mind lol 
Just relaxin waitin for < PROPFIRST > to bring me my pizza ...... I've got such good in-laws . 
The weekend just isn't the same with out him ;( 
Getting ready to go to my last parent teacher confrence ..... 
GGGRRRRR Wishing some people would just grow up . \ 
So pist off just need a drink 
He's always got me back to smilen and feelin better about things in no time ............. Love You Baby .... 
Ruby : Had fun hanging out with you the last couple nights , tell < PROPFIRST > sorry I forgot his budlight lime 
I've got my divorce hearing tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. So wish me luck hopen to be divorced before noon lol 
So , back from court and I'm am officially divorced ... couldn't be happier . Now I'm sittin back waiting for July . Feels so good to start over and actually be happy . 
WWoooHooo Tonight is party night gonna celebrate the divorce ....... Wishing my baby was here to celebrate with me 
Can't Sleep GGGrrr lol .... 
I Love My Bitch You Always Know How to Keep Me Smilen 
Getting ready to take Skylar to the Water Park so he can < PROPFEMALE > out and say good by to his friends before he leaves . 
Listening to it rain like crazy outside ........... I love it when it storms it's so relaxing 
IF\ 
YOU ARE BRAVE ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate\ 
you . 1 ) Crazy . 2 ) I'd marry you . 3 ) Talkative . 4)Sarcastic . 5)\ 
Loveable . 6 ) Moody . 7 ) Dumb . 8 ) Spoiled . 9 ) Mouthy . 10 ) Random . 11)\ 
Hot . 12 ) Funny . 13 ) Sexy . 14 ) Amazing . 15 ) Beautiful . 16 ) Cute . 17)\ 
... Generous . 18 ) Smart Ass . ( this should be interesting ! 
GGGggrrr instead of kissing u through the phone my feeling today is more like I wanna choke you through the phone lol ........... 
Missen my Speedy ; Wishen July 28th would get here already ............ Love You Baby 
Sick of little boy's trying to wear man pants and dropping the ball on there responsibilities ; drives me crazy , grow up already !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just had to vent my baby is out at W/H today so he's not here to put the smile back on my face . 
Just heard from my Speedy now I can fall asleep with a smile on my face lol , yes gay I know But I love his sexy ass and am always missen him like crazy . 
if you are reading this , whether we talk a lot or not , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . when you are finished , post this as your status . you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Hopen my Sky-guy isn't to upset after tonight . Tomorrow I'll have to do a family movie night , that always makes my baby happy . 
3 Weeks 2 Days and a Wake up . Can't wait !!!!! 
Bags are all packed . The days are starting to drag ass and blend together ............... 
A U.S. military\ 
member is somewhere in the world missing their family while you’re at\ 
home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , \ 
military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but\ 
sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military appreciation\ 
... week . Re-post this if you are in the Military , love a Military member , \ 
hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the Military 
Awww you sent me a penguin , your such a good bitch lol . \ 
Love You Baby 
Sooooo bored . Just want to go to sleep and wake up on the 28th ............ 
Getting so anxous , just moved all the furniture out ...... looking pretty bare lol . Only three more days and a wake up I can't wait !!!!! 
Officaly in Washington Feels good to finally be with my Speedy 
Just got my new car today ( 2001 VW Jetta)Things are finally comen together I'll have new pics up tomorrow ...... Plenty left to do though , next month will be busy ; But everythings easier when he's by my side , love you baby 
Feelin good drinkin with my baby .. never been happier !!!!!!!!! 
Today was a lot of fun , Been playin Halo 3 with my Speedy . 
Just hanging out with my little brother , I missed him . 
Grrrrr gotta look for a new car the VW pooped out already :( 
We got a new car today a < PROPFEMALE > Reo ... Things are workin out 
Dropped Skylar off for his first day of first grade , and met his teacher last night . Just crazy how time fly's can't believe he's gonna be seven in a few weeks . Still loven life , glad my baby could get off work last night for Sky's open house ; it was nice too be all together as a family for one of those events ;) 
Happy happy happy lol . Gonna spend the day with my Speedy and the kiddo's going to his welcome home ceremony ......... Mmmmmmmmmmm BBQ 
We went and looked at the new house last night , So happy with it .... we move in middle of October ; end at the latest :) 
IT'S MY BABY'S B-DAY TO DAY CAN'T BELIEVE HE IS 7 ALREADY GOING TO TAKE HIM CUPCAKES AT SCHOOL CAN'T WAIT TO SEE HIS FACE 
Hanging out while the boys play Halo Reach together 
Found out yesterday we move in to our new house October 20th , I'm so excited . 
So excited ..... picking out < PROPFEMALE>'s bedroom set , Tinker < PROPFEMALE > Galore lol . She's gonna love it . Can't wait to move in . 
Well tomorrow we move in to our new house so today is busy busy . Probably won't be online agian for a while . But can't wait to get to work on the new house . 
Relaxin with my sexy man(better relax now cause tomorrow is gonna be a long day .... ) But I'm glad it's finally here 
Figured since it's been a while I'd update the pics , Miss you guys to ( Nikki , Jimmy , and < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Just on a cleaning frenzie getting ready for the big turkey day . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone .... Still cooking but everything has turned out great just waiting for the Turkey .. I am so thankful for all my friends and family I love you and miss you all wish you were here ..... I'll post pictures later 
Playing UFC With My Sexy Husband 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same :) 
So officially done christmas shopping , can't wait to see their faces . 
I've got lot's of cleaning today had to take < PROPFEMALE > to the hospital last night ........ so slacked a bit on the cleaning yesterday . 
So proud of my Sky-guy he's on his third day in a row being on green at school . 
Getting everything ready for christmas pictures today ; So excited can't wait to see how they turn out ;) 
We go to pick up Christmas pics today . So xmas cards should be going out soon ...... I'm getting so excited to watch the kids open and play with everything . So happy this year my Speedy is here to spend it with us ;) 
Christmas cards are on there way ;) Love the pics ....... < PROPFEMALE > when I went to pic up the pics I saw a girl whoe looked just like you I thought it was funny cause when I got closer she had a large starbucks ice coffe lol love ya girl 
? < PROPFEMALE >?* ? • ? ? ? ? ? •\ 
• ?? Christmas ? ? * ? \ 
° ? ° ? * _ ? _____ *?* ? \ 
? ? • ? • */______/~ ??? ? ? \ 
? ? • ? • ? ????? ? And a happy new year ? ? 
Nice to have some family time I love christmas break ... playing Sorry and old school video games with my sexy man and my little Sky-Guy 
Had a great christmas ..... Loven how much the kids are playing with everything ; I think we did good ;) 
Excited to go see my niece this weekend ;) 
Taken Skylar to soccer practice then heading the roller skateing rink ; haven't done that in years should be fun :) 
Off to an emergency dental apt . for skylar . Hope it's nothing to bad . 
So tired ; long day . Skylar had his first soccer game today . I had so much fun watching n yelling from the bleachers . Was a great day with the family . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT***\ 
STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW !!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many many times , a child is in DANGER !!! Come on friends ... maybe we can help this little boy 
What the hell it's supposed to be spring and it's snowing agian lol gotta love Wa . 
Busy Day ... Cleaning , Grocery Shopping , Soccer Practice n Finally Dinner . Wich is already in the oven .... I need a maid on soccer days LOL :P 
Today is a lot less busy ready for my sexy man to come home ..... Feeling the urge to play call of duty lol :D 
House is clean about to go tanning ....... I miss Florida 
Aaaah < PROPFEMALE > Ice Coffee is the Best After a Hot Tan lol 
The older I get the bigger I realize my family is , got to meet n chat with two of my sisters and can't wait to get to know more about them . ;) 
Feeling sooo tired ... damn that daylight savens time took me forever to fall asleep last night grrrrr lol 
On my way to do tanning n nails ;) 
On Our Way to Skylar's Last Soccer Game ;) 
Loven my husband ........ He always makes me feel so lucky :) 
So tired , long night but a good one ;) 
Finally it's friday .... So ready to relax with my sexy husband . Really hopen Sat is nice out for Skylar's last soccer game !!!!! 
I might be haven family dropping in so I'm excited ; fingers crossed lol 
All I hane to say is you reap what you sew :) Love you mom 
So should be seeing my little brother today and finally get to meet my beautiful niece can't wait ;) 
It was nice to have family here for a couple days , missin it already ;) 
My hubby is getting me a puppy for my bday we already picked him out he's part pug part shih tzu and I need good name suggestion I've come up with a couple < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > so tell me what you think ;) 
Name your guilty pleasure ..... My new one is watching Ru < PROPFIRST>'s Drag Race . I'm srtangley amused by it . The last episope was too funny . 
