welcomes the newest addition to the Hall family : Berkley Copper Hall - a beautiful < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > spaniel !! 

is missing her husband . 
is exhausted , frustrated , and highly annoyed ... 
about to take Berkley to PetsMart for his first day of obedience training ! :) Exciting ! His first day of school !!!!!!!!! 
In exactly two weeks from today , < PROPFIRST > and I will be celebrating our first wedding anniversary . Wow . Seems like it's been 10 yrs ... ;) 
Happy Anniversary Day to me ! ( And < PROPFIRST > of course ... ) 
is home alone with Berkley watching SYTYCD waiting for Criminal Minds to start . What an exciting life I lead ... 
Just got home from work . Long day . 
finishing up studying the lesson for Sunday School tomorrow . 
making challah bread ... 
MY HUBBY TURNS THE BIG 4-0 TODAY !!!!! HAPPY 40TH BIRTHDAY , LOVE ! 
Happy 28th birthday to me !!!! 
Healthcare Reform passed - why am I not surprised ? Oh well ... I still have something to celebrate today ... my mom turns 59 ! Happy Birthday Mom !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to ALL ! 
Feel for Colt and the Longhorns . Would have been a COMPLETELY different game had he gotten to play . But gotta give props to < PROPMALE > - freshman , BCS national championship game , pressure . Not bad , < PROPMALE > , not bad .... 
2nd day of my P90X workout . Yep . I'm in pain ... 
So I was opening my mail yesterday and guess what I got ? A membership card for the AARP ! And it was addressed to MR . < PROPFIRST > M . Hall . What's up with that ?!?!?! 
Sitting on the couch in my PJs drinking coffee while Berkley and < PROPFEMALE > sleep in my lap . I LOVE Mondays off from work !! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > has an upset tummy . She has ( pardon what I am about to write ) thrown up 4 times tonight . :( I think she gets motion sickness . Poor little baby ... 
VERY busy day . Ready to curl up in bed and read a good book ... 
Come on members of the House ! Make the right choice ... Just say NO ! 
It frightens me that our government ( who can't run itself ) could possibly be in charge of my healthcare ... 
Am I hearing this correctly ? Individual Insurance mandates ... giving the IRS more power ... are you kidding me ?!? The more I learn about this healthcare reform < PROPMALE > , the more sick I get . Ughhh ! 
My baby boy and my turtle turn 1 and 7 today ! Happy Birthday Berkley and Kallen ! 
hates driving . if I could fly everywhere I would ... 
is playing rummikub with < PROPFIRST > and TOTALLY kicking her butt ! :) 
So I made chili tonight for dinner ... The recipe called for a tablespoon of chipotle peppers in adobo sauce and I accidently put in half a can !!! If you REALLY like spicy chili , we have an abundance ! 
Just made chicken potpies from scratch for dinner ... YUM ! 
is running late for work .... again ! 
According to yahoo : of the 10 worst paying college degrees , theology is #3 and social work is #1 . Oh well . Good thing I'm not in this field for the money ! 
I have cooked more for my dogs this weekend than for my husband . Sorry , < PROPFIRST > ... 
is headed to Fatetteville ! 
is shopping with my sister at the Promenade ...... fun times ! 
I CAN NOT WAIT for Christmas and Disney World and Universal Studios ... especially The Wizarding World of < PROPMALE > Potter !!!! 
on my way to the oral surgeon to have my wisdom teeth removed . oh the joy ..... 
< PROPFIRST>'s pouting . we told her we would give her 5 bucks if she wouldn't talk until we got home from the movies . HAHA 
30 minutes early and still have to sit 2nd row from the front . I don't think ANY movie is worth this ... 
\if my people who are called by\ 
Lost my phone . Fun times . 
Found my phone ! Well ... Jay found it . In my car . Under the seat . I really did look there ... 
Studying at Books-a-Million for my licensing exam . Funny ... no matter how old I get I can ALWAYS find a way to procrastinate studying ... 
< PROPFIRST > starts high school today ! I'm being a good stepmom and making waffles for breakfast ... 
I passed the LCSW exam !! Yeah !!! 
Happy anniversary to me and my hubby ! I LOVE YOU ! 
SO EXCITED ! First weekend of October ... I've dragged out all my Halloween decorations and am ready to set it all up ! This is the first year I get to set up my Spooky Halloween Town ! :) 
We have court tomorrow for < PROPFIRST > . We are nervous yet have peace of mind . We know God is in control . Please pray for strength for us all . 
Fat girl ( a.k.a. < PROPFEMALE > ) got too big for her harness so we got her a new one ... got home from < PROPFIRST > today and not only has < PROPFEMALE > eaten the towel over her crate , her comforter inside the crate , the bottom of her crate , the carpet underneath her crate , but she also ate her new harness completely off her body . What the heck ?!?!? 
Way to go Childs ! Way to go Hogs ! 
SO PROUD of < PROPFIRST > ! She has all As and 1 B . And three of her As are 100s ! Way to go , Shells ! 
Fattie ate through her harness . Again . We are now on harness #4 ... 
Great concert by Soul'd Out at Beech Street Baptist Church tonight ! 
Making dog biscuits for my babies ! 
Happy Turkey Day ! 
SO excited to be at work today ... NOT ! 
Hi . My name is < PROPFIRST > and I'm addicted to multi-player online role-playing games . Don't judge me ... 
almost done with my Christmas shopping and it's only December 4th ! 
Happy Birthday to my loving husband . He turns 41 today !! I Love You ! 
running super late for work ... 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !! My favorite moment was this morning when Kallen ( my 7yo nephew ) remembered on his own it was his Aunt V's birthday but had to be reminded it was his mom's birthday ! HAHA ! ( Sorry , Whit ! ) 
So a client gave me a Christmas card today . It was addressed to Miss Vain . Hmmmm ... is she trying to tell me something ? 
We missed our connection in < PROPFIRST > by 5 minutes and there are no more flights until 6:15 in the morning . Fun times ... 
Sugar Bowl ! Go Hogs !! 
It took < PROPFIRST > 40 minutes to drive through the snow and ice and bring me to work this morning . Only 3 therapists are here and 0 clients . Plus they just informed me we could wear jeans today and I'm in slacks . Grrrr ... 
< PROPFIRST > is all giddy about a date she has tonight . So we are having fun giving her a hard time . :) 
Waiting for court to start . Oh the joy ... 
LOVES getting a subpoena for court , canceling my afternoon , waiting TWO hours for court to start , and then NOT getting called to testify . Makes me happy . :: insert sarcasm here :: 
VERY late night call to the hospital ... finally headed home for some much needed sleep ... zzzzzz 
A VERY happy birthday to one of the greatest man I know - my dad . I love you , daddy ! 
Enjoying the day off and being the only one at home ! Finishing laundry , reading , and catching up on my Criminal Minds . I do see a nap in the near future as well ... 
I spilt makeup all over my shirt yesterday on the way to work and today dropped my phone in my glass of tea . Wonder what tomorrow will bring ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is the best sister around . I'm not sure how I would survive without her ! 
