is job hunting online ... fun right ? haha . not . 

is actively looking for a good job online , and thinking bout you all the time . 
is beyond glad to get off ... but sadly falling asleep sitting up at the computer ... can't wait to lay down ... 
is wishin everyone a happy new year . im blessed have all I need , my health , a job , my fam , and the love of my life . its gonna be a great 2011 . 
is loving my life wit u in it , and no one will take that from me . 
is at work ... working on some new pieces thanks to my new inspirational friend . and thinking of \him\ " wishin he was here instead of at work . " 
is trying to be productive , yay me !! but still here I am ... on facebook , the procrastinators best friend ... thank you fbook . 
is entirely too upset bout this power being out . I've been over to my parents house for hours ... when will it come back on !!! 
is off work today , so i'm bout to start on soe laundry ... be back in a lil bit fb . 
cant wait for tomorrow ... SHOPPING !! with my roomies , loving this off day , and only YOU could make it any better . 
bout to start getting ready for tonight . Excited bout seeing my lil bro < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on this the day of his 23 birthday . ( family guy joke ) yay !!! excited , and hope to see YOU later . 
has decided that my grandmother is officially crazy and i can only hope its not hereditary . Thank goodness I'm alot more like my mom than my dad . 
is tired of fighting with this frekin sync to my phne ... grr ... almost time for new CSI : Miami and a new Drag Race !!! so excited . 
says happy st patties day everyone ... unless of course its you , then drink makeup instead . 
is bout to head back to the house , gotta work in the a.m. i think ... but had a good day ... it was nice 
is watchin sum tv , alone , but thinkin bout you again . hmm . 
loves to see grown men cry over cars . overhaulin is the shiz . plus im now in love wit the late 60s Coronet . 
has you on my mind so tough and dont know how to shake it . 
had an amazing convo with an amazing and intelligent person . so glad to have met you . 
is still cheesing from last nites convo , cant wait to kick it wit u . ;-) 
had a remarkable time with one amazing person . i cant believe ho great you are . cant wait til next time . 
is goin to sleep now wit u on my mind , as u have been the past couple days ... smh ... just amazing 
is wishing i could be spending time with my \star\ " than washing dishes but hopefully that will happen soon ... Zacks for sure ! " 
loved hearing ur voice waking up and going to bed , \star\ " ur amazing . " 
just got up and does not wanna go to work ... but wish i could talk to my < PROPFEMALE > ... hope ur having a great day at work . 
is up watching the 80's movie Follow that Bird , where Big Bird is on a journey back to Seaseme Street ... I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! 
just finished < PROPMALE > hensen Follow that Bird , now Fraggle Rock ... anyone jealous ! i miss you \star \"" 
is dressed for work , I guess I'll get there early to get an idea of what the night has instore for me ... bye fb !! 
is thibkin so much for havin a good day ... back in \the hole\ " and i miss my roomies . " 
want to remind everyone ... nobody likes a pushy stripper .... lol love \the game \"" 
is at work and so ready to go ... excited bout goin out wit my \star\ " tonight ... its been a whole week ... grr damn lack of transportation . " 
gives < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > a huge congrats for makin yhe next round at Zacks . so if u know him , hell if u dont go out naxt thursday and support him ! 
does not wanna go to to work 
is at my parents house , glad to be off work and missing my \star \"" 
just got up ... and is now sad ... i worked for 5 years to advance to the next round , get the crew excited , now this year ... they get it on first try ... im sick . but congrats 5937 ... im still proud 
has become the favorite childhood toy , that is nice to think of but is useless to u now . 
watchin movies alone cuz my roomie is workin tonight . hope she has a great nite . 
is tired of my current job ... i work for them ... then they cut my days and hours ... fuk bk ... 
is still up and have little more perspective on my situation , now to talk to the two main parties involved . 
has alot on my plate , my head is spinning at all these decisions i have to make . not enuf tylonal in tha world . 
knows ur lovin seein me hurt like this ... guess i deserve it ... miss u . 
is heartbroken , lost my position , demoted after 6 years , what now ?? 
believes that after everything , i deserve a little more respect in handling this situation , am i not worthy of that ? 
has an overactive imagination and a little paranoia . but either way . lol at the man who was pulled over walkin 40 between maumelle and mayflower , and he looked upset about it . haha 
is bout to clock in at work .. FMR ! but cj , all the Steele kids , we still wanna do that tat .. lets come up wit an idea ! text it if ya got it . 
is so ready to get out of bk ... i hate this place 
is so glad to be leaving work in a minute ... had to bs wit my fav rollie pollie mgr .. 
i claim this , mouth in name of incisor ... i think not ... ahh bicuspid , we meet again . 
is attempting to fold these clothes and start packing ... 
just got chills from hearin the roar of the rousch powered 327 stroaker engine on overhaulin on this 63 bronco . beautiful . 
Doesnt like fb mobile not working . 
Is sad the race is over . but thrilled that Americas Sweetheart is Americas Next Drag Superstar , < PROPFEMALE > \The Other < PROPFEMALE >\" Sanchez . " 
just finished Requiem for a Dream . takin a nap then startin again in tha morning . 
Has got a bad case of tha sleepies at work . ugh . Ready for tha move to be over . 
Is home . Tryin to pack . key word TRYING . 
is up bein productive . im gonna sleep forever sunday . 
wonders if ur an organ donor and u got a heart of gold , do they sell it on the black market and will my fam get a cut ?? 
is in awe of the midnite blue 2010 Lotus i just saw zoom down the blvd . my heart just skipped a beat . 
really thinks that racoons are taking over the planet . 
Is lovin this rain . im finna pass the hell out . 
is up for tha day ... i think . 
\am I wearing lipstick ? \ " Thats for u kass !! " 
Lookin thru super old pics wit my mom . i was such a cute lil girl . what happened ? 
Is on my way in to work to get sum hrs cuz these hrs this wk are awful . 
is off work from a not so terrible night . oh well to sleep i go !! 
is in need of a cigarette and fear i too have lost them , but i am hoping to find them before i break down and smoke this < PROPFEMALE > slim lights .. eewwww , they not even menthol . 
anyone else thinks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > looks funny shaved and < PROPFIRST > sloan hasnt changed since like ' 94 ?? 
can't believe its all real , maybe it wasn't . side note : i think its funny that i'm nice , but i make no difference , and others that aren't nice at all still matter ... very strange .. oh well off to get ready for work on this day off . 
is at work on break ready to get off and go home and clean . yay ! 
looks around bk and realizes , we not at sonic anymore toto . all the love and appreciation doesnt live here . 
is headed off to take a nap ... be back in a couple hrs fb ... 
is up watchin the gilmore girls , washing clothes , and bout to start cleaning out stuff . 
is updating my status simply on the basis that my boss has asked me to stay of fb .. impossible . like askin me not to breathe .. duece loves ya . 
is in the lobby at work not prepared for this shit tonight , time for a cigarette and a prayer . all those drinkin today , please take a shot for me . 
Goin to music mode . in case of emergency call tha job phone . 
hates to smoke this stale cigarette , but i have no choice . its a necessity rite now . 
says hey Cookie Monster , ur my < PROPFEMALE > butter ! 
is off today ... time to be productive then off to see sumone special later on ... text it fb . 
wasnt very productive today . ugh ... but it was nice to be off work . 
had an amazing nite . off to bed . 
is in a state of happiness and confusion , but hope to see it work out for tha best 
Is up watching Stomp the Yard and have alot on my mind . 
thinks Brittanika is an encyclopedia not a name . 
says only in tha DHS office in little rock can see sumone waiting to be called and be rolling up a joint/roll up cigarette . 
alot of people get lost in the 60s , and they still dont realize it . 
is goin into music mode fb fam ... get at yall on break or after work . dueces . 
Just heard S.O.S playin in the lobby and that lifted my spirits , it really took me back cuz that was my jam . 
Knew i should have walked home . my sincerest heartfelt apologies to my manager . 
loves my 7s . one day we will conquer 21 till then just practice the 14 . lol ... insider ... 
bput to go to work ... ugh ... but tonight should be a good nite , charlies angels will be in tha building , and one weird machanic ... haha 
wants to applaud the man up the street who is in a wheelchair and pushing the lawnmower . thats talent . 
is sittin at burger < PROPMALE > tryin not to fall asleep thats why I have played all my games and even sum new ones ... ugh ... i'm sleeping all day tomorrow till I have to be at work . 
COPPER BOOM !! 
Is extra drove . gotta get together so i can get out and get better . 
thinks its funny that my dad is cussing at the call of duty game , but whispering as so they enemy cant hear him . lol . 
is watchin csi : miami . missin u . 4/22/10 . 
CSI : MIAMI was great 2nite . i never did like Stedler , knew he was dirty from jump . \\n*In it 4 tha last time 4/22/10 * 
is at a loss ... but very greatful to my bestie kj ! never thought id see the day baby < PROPMALE > would be nice . ugh ... one thing after another ... not for long . 
it is definately whatthefuk wednesday . cuz them new lifers just ran thru me . 
i never liked u < PROPMALE > . well there it is , there it is . well there it is , then there it is again ... 
is now laughing at my mom talking on the phone to a woman named < PROPFEMALE > ... hmmm 
cant believe what i just heard ... i mean really ?? goin into music mode ... be back later , much later . 
must be goin thru sumthin if < PROPFEMALE > montana can touch me and make me all < PROPFEMALE > eyed . 
this beer is makin me sleepy . 
is getting settled into bed watching RENT on broadway and if u were here \ill cover you \"" 
CSI MIAMI season finale on now . see u in an hr fb fam . 
was just outsmarted by a 3 < PROPFEMALE > kroger micro pizza ... how pathetic . 
will touch down in Salt Lake in exactly 1 month !!!! OMG so excited !! i hope you kids are ready !!! 
is up and at it early today ... but off tomorrow and excited bout it 
just got home from a bad ass 20hrs spent at my place of employment ... this day off is gonna be great 
is not ur friend , not a \hugger\ " ... if u need \ 
is at work extra early and can tell imma be extra drove . 
is lettin u know if u been tryin to get a hold of me my phone is on music mode for the nite ... ill get back to the real world after i clock out of hell . 
just finished Girl meets Gown , and cant imagine how it would feel to find that one perfect dress and feel top of tha world . sigh ... as if . 
is getting ready for work . All orders will be accurate , but sadly speed of service is on vacation !! 
is so ready for vacation i cant see straight . ugh ... pissed off . guess im back to square one . 
Is in hell desguised as a Burger < PROPMALE > . jus 21 days left ! 
is at work ... aka hell and left my cigarettes at home ... OMG !!! SHOOT ME NOW !! 
ya u aint know all 8 yr olds like to steal cars and go on high speed chases . 
just cried watchin < PROPFIRST > tutera . i would die to hace a wedding remotely close to that but looks like its tha Vegas drive thru gor me . 
is outside smokin a cigarette becuz the frekin power is out and i am staying up so i can wake my mommy in an hr ... side note ... my tounge hurts from my jaw breaker sucker ... ya im a big kid . 
thinks platinum status mite be possible . ily babily . 
is up watchin < PROPFIRST > Springer cuz i have a headache outta this world . but dont u look so cute sleeping . 
is super hot sittin out here . just 17 days til im chillin in that dry heat in the 801 for ten days ! so ready . ily babily . 
home from work ... finna watch sum criminal minds and chillax . 
\some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes . The error of the past is the wisdom of the future . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Turner " 
been lookin for a job for hrs online , now to get really for tha real one ... sigh ... 
is home from work finna hit da sheets early cuz im goin to take care of sum personal biz 2maro . txt it ... nite fb . 
out takin care of biz and ridin wit < PROPMALE > non drivin tail . miss my bae ... 15 days !!! 
Gucci Mane do u remember me from last month ? girl i cant remember nothin but my last blunt . 
and < PROPMALE > wit tha 3 ... that was beautiful . 
is sitting in hells parkin lot rite now dying frm tha heat . waiting till i can get like djkj one day . lol . 
is sitting in hells parkin lot , donr wanna go in . wish i was off to spen wit * him * but no work sucks . 
is headed to bed , tryin to figure out whats goin on wit u . feelin a lil uneasy . lata fb 
is mad at everyone at home watchin #boondocks and im here in hell with the spawn of satan himself ... ugh . 
is mad my dvr is screwed up and it didnt reclrd my frekin boondocks .. ugh ! 
just watched my fair wedding with < PROPFIRST > tutera .. and again im speechless . i absolutely am in LOVE with < PROPFIRST > Tutera . 
didnt know sellin < PROPFEMALE > was so damn dangerous . lol . gotta love boondocks . goin to bed ... lata fb . 
is watching Criminal Minds , counting down til Utah . 10 days ! cant wait . 
is bout to head out to take care of business ... catch ya lata fb ... text it if ya got it . 
really enjoyed the new #prettylittleliar tonight . really diggin tha theme song . lifted my spirits after that crappy #celtics game . 
is getting dressed and done up to go to this interview ... catch ya lata fb . 
The torture of a bad conscience is hell of a living soul . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Live like ur gonna die tomorrow , and learn like ur gonna live forever . - Ghandi 
Is really pissed off on so many levels rite now . so plz leave me alone . 
is counting down ... 5 days and 6 hrs ill be sitting on a plane that will take me to Utah for 10 glorious days . 
for anyone else watching the PGA tourney going on right now .. does anyone else have a prob wil < PROPMALE>'s outfit ? because my dad is fliping out bout these stripped pants , keeps calling them yankee pants , and baseball pants ... first of all he doesn't realize they are cream ... smh @ my daddy 
Just finished watchin #CriminalMinds headed to bed as thoughts of serial killers dancing in my heads #kindacreepy but gn tweeps and fbfam 
is off work .. 77 hrs till my plane leaves ... OMG !! 
is at work , and yet again NO BREAK !! come on Utah , 56 hrs to go . #WorkSucks 
Well fbfam , off to work . 43 hrs to go . woo hoo . this countdwn for u tw ! 
14 more hours to go fb ... I'm so ready guys !! i'mma miss my bae ... but i'm in desperate need of a vacay !! 
just passed thru security ... im blind as a bat and ready to sleep on this < PROPFEMALE > flight to phoenix 
Just landed in Salt Lake and coincidence of a life time come i see < PROPFEMALE > Knight and her fam . Arkansas in Utah . Wow ! 
is in traffic on 2100 south ... but extra excited .. Homestead here we come !!! 
is settled in at the Homestead .. hangin wit tha fam .. catch ya lata fb .. 
at tha fam bonfire .. havin fun .. needin sleep ... but im tryna fit in .. but not doin well 
mornin facebook ... just finished breakfast .. dont know whats in store for today .. 
leavin homestead ... then headin thru park city then on to grandmas house . 
so coming out of heber our road kill count is as follows : 1fox , 2 deer , 1 moose , and a tire . more updates yet to come . 
look .. look here with your special eyes . MY BRAND ! ... i love that commercial 
just got thru eatin ... tomorrow IKEA !!! I can't wait ... loving the time spent here in Riverton , Orem on thursday ! Can't wait to see my cuzins !! you girls ready for some serious fun ?? 
just talked to u for an a couple hrs and now off to bed ... and when i wake up . IKEA !!! and brutha u sho rite gor not callin mr back .. darien ... 
wishes I had my TSOS cd with me because I've been asked alot of questions about my shirt 
is bout to head to the luncheon , then the reception later .. but in between a lil me time with Torrid . 
just left the luncheon . it was beautiful . congrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPMALE > ive missed the years i spent growing up without you , but im glad i could be here for ur big day . i love you cuz . 
one more day to revolution we will nip it < PROPMALE > , well be ready for these school boys , they will wet themselves with blood 
just got thru shoppin wi my cuzzins ! had hella fun i love my snickers cj . dont wanna leave yall . 
is ready for goshen ... then the races ... dont wanna go home ... but i gotta ... miss my bae 
Is in goshen #Middleofnowhere wit damn near no service . catch u when i hit slc tonite tweeps and fbfam ! 
is at the races .. havin a blast . hell of a way to spend my last nite 
well fb fam ... im on my way back to arkansas . 10 days in my home away from home and dont wanna go back . will update frm pheonix 
Time for take off . phoenix here i come . 
boarding in phoenix ... 2 and a half hours and ill be back in tha A-State . i miss my mountains . 
is back bitches ! hello a-state ... i miss u utah . 
is wondering why my fb sms is so slow ... my staus updated 15 < PROPFEMALE > ago and i text that update at 5 a.m. smh ... get it together fb and verizon . 
is enjoying my < PROPMALE > potter weekenend on abc family ... yay .. niv 19 i cant wait 
is feeling a notch below worthless and loved . 
is off early . yay ! 
wishes i was invisible so i could be with u in public . 
is off work today at a baby shower , kinda wishin ... 
has a confession fb ... im in love wit Dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... he is amazing , even wit his addiction ... lol i know my angels will understand . yall can fight over < PROPFIRST > .. but < PROPMALE > is mine . 
normally rain and i have a great relationship , much more together than the other elements , and ehile they say u shouldnt go to bed mad ,. i am . Screw u rain , u have ruined my details of today ... shame on u , what did i do to deserve this 
wants to go back to tha mountains , cuz i cant handle 78 degrees at 5 in tha damn mornin . 
had two interviews in one day for the same job . pray i get this one . if u know me u know i need it . 
is watching my Brave New Voices DVDS and am catching chills frm the talented young adults ... wish i could see it in person . 
is highly offended by cantrell ... i mean damn ... maumelle we are not this bad ... but they act like we botton of tha barrel . 
has been watchin my BraveNewVoices DVD , and am in love wit it , but its got me seriously doubting my talent , but just wrote another spoken piece , sigh .. maybe ill post it tomorrow , wish we had sum reading spots and poetry groups . if we do i dont know bout them . 
is on my way to hell , work , whatever . jus gotta keep my nerves in check . 
just took a quick swim , but it was boring alone ... AtLast 4.22.10 <3 
\yall pull up on me like im a gorilla from China\ " -the running man memphis tenn . " 
is headed to bed , got my interview 2mro ! 
is on my way to the interview , slightly nervous , but totally confident 
Just passed one interview now on to tha next one ! final interview ? 
did it ! i got tha job ! yay ! 
has yet to go to sleep , but am gettin up in a few hrs to begin a new life , AFTER this episode of < PROPFIRST > Tutera ... i promise . 
slept thru all alarms to get up early to begin my new outlook on life ... ugh . well 2mro it is 
is getting ready to head to work ... sigh ... this rain makes me not want to go . 
is feeling hungover .. without the drinking ... i hope this wont be a consistant thing , cuz it aint tha first time .. ugh ! 
is off to work ... its WTF WEDNESDAY , what ya'll know bout that . 
is off to take care of some business , then hopefully i will have a great weekend ! 
thought for a good weekend backfired .. sigh . 
wonders how in hell do u get ur drivers lisence suspended 52 times ? 
not only is she a hoe , but she a hoe who bad at math . - gotta love Maury ! 
has had a pretty great weekend ... one more night of fun , then work tomorrow , and then no more work after that ... good riddence BK . 
is driwning in three feet of water and no life guard . 
just watched the most amazing and touching my fair wedding with < PROPFIRST > tutera . the pirate wedding was beautiful . I WANNA MEET < PROPFIRST > !! 
wonders if anyone else has heard the radio commercail about pickapowder.com? does no one see anything wrong wit that ?? 
is highly impressed with the extremely accessible court house in lonoke ... well until after the 3rd floor . then ur on ur own . 
is takin a quick nap after these 28 hrs ive been up . work at 6 . ugh . 
just woke up almost late and zoomed to work . so tired , i see nothin but sleep in my future 2mro 
is at home ... watchin huge ... in my feelins missin my brother . he is a huge part of my heart , a source of my strength . but i have to stay strrong and positive for him . 
is enjoying this day off . still waiting on this job . ugh . ~ stayin strong for Jojo ~ 
is afraid to go outside onto her street at night due to the sudden appearance of a rowdy group of armadillos ransacking the neighborhoods lawns . 
wishes i was < PROPFEMALE > Garcia . 
bk is full of vocal whores . 
is watchin grease 2 bout to go to bed . 
is finna smoke this cigarette and hit tha clock once again to finish out such a long nite . 
wishes i had u to hold me right now . just a sweet escape . 
is so happy to be off work . 
not < PROPFEMALE > and mars . more like < PROPFEMALE > snd a bowl of soup . 
is hot as hell but hittin up the big damn bridge .. see ya lata fb . 
is going to bed , just watched HUGE . i love that show . goin to bed after an awful day at work , not wanting to do it again tomorrow . nite fb , not feeling well . 
just watched Pretty Little Liars summer finale .. shocked .. < PROPFEMALE > got hit by a car ! ahh . i dont know how long i can wait for more . oh well gn fb fam . 
is loving the clearance sale at barnes and < PROPMALE > . sigh .. i miss coming here 
is on my way to work on this wtf wed . but waiting to findout the gender of my cuzins peanut . hope its a boy , seemd like baby girls are poppin out 2-1 . 
is at home off for tha next two days ... so ready to start a new life ... then maybe i can sleep . 
jus pulled up at work ... one more day . by 6 pm tomoro ill be thru wit bk . YAY !! 
just finished my last shift at burger < PROPMALE > , bout to get ready for 2mro but right now at a loss for words . 
hates when < PROPFEMALE > AgFemme < PROPMALE > makes statuses i need a translator for . 
is hella early for orientation .. but excited like a kid on tha first day of school ! 
is doing a terriblejob of staying awake in orientation 
is starting the second part of orientation .. ZYAY !! code of conduct and evaluation .. i need a nap . but on another note im excited about the spiral notebook i got in orientation ! ya , im a dork . 
is at work on day 3 of training . coffee is my new best friend . 
jus got skype mobile .. but dont know how to use it becuz i dont have any contacts wit it .. meche if u see this ... i know u have it . inbox me . or find me on skype 
is at tha lake and i think that kid got mono in his eye . i kno the feelin .. lol ... insider 
is gettin ready for work tomorrow ... yay ! 
is at work for week two ! 
is extra cold ... feeling terrible ... goin to bed fb fam ... hope im better tomoro 
ia up after sleeping almost 12 hrs . and not feeling any better 
its almost 3 ... two hrs left . i dont think imma make it 
is echoing the words of drake \im really too young to be feelin this old \"" 
is so ready for this doctors appt .. i cant wait ... im tired of this pain . 
just got back frm the doc where they gave me a shot in my hip ehich hurts like hell ... 
is getting off work finna go home and prop up cuz my leg starting to hurt again ... ugh . 
is layin in bed , leg elevated , thinkin bout my changes to come , and watching MILK ... a great movie bout an inspiring man . 
is at home watchin The Wiz ! ahh ... back to them high school days . 
is caught between a rock and a hard place . 
wonders if i had done better with my life that u wouldnt be so afraid of me failing . 
saw takers last nite ... amazing . cast couldnt have been better !! 
oh foot of mine .. why wont u return to ur normal size 
oh < PROPMALE > ... i dont understand ... 
is in class and kinda ready to go 
is a little sick of all the code ... sounds like a high school classroom ... grow tha hell up ... 
cant remember the last time if ever i was truely happy ... whats wrong ?? how do i fix it ?? 
doesnt want to hurt u ... but how can i be happy wi u if im not happy wit me . 
wants thank tha sky for doing all my waterworks for me . 
wonders why out of 48 other empty rows why would u sit obe row away directly behind us ??? 
is layin it down ... my phone is screwed up so i cabt make or recieve calls ... txt only . but not now .. now its sleep time .. tired from laughin at ppl @ tha riverfront . 
jus got home frm seein my jojo ... how i mis him ... 
wishes the man at verizon on mccain hadnt lied to me . they wont ship my frekin phone thill tomorrow night . UGH !!! 
is watchin < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world . yay ! 
is wishin an official HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > MZUNTOUCHABLE < PROPMALE > !! thats from both us angels . luv u girly ! 
is sick and cant focus ! ugh .. day hurry and finish up ! I WANNA GO TO BED !!! 
is off to dreamland ... feel like walking death 
is sick ... in class ... ready to go BACK TO BED !!! UGH !! i hate being sick . 
wants to tell all my text buddies dont text until further notice . vzw messed up my pland and jus gave me basic talk .. as if i dont text ... ugh ... so my notifications are off till tomorrow 
Hates doctor visits 
has an appt wit a specialist ... sigh ... 
has a busy weekend comin up ... thank goodness im almost over this cold ... parkview game tonight !! 
at the parkview game vs . sylvan hills . lets go PATRIOTS ! 
well PATRIOT fans thats another TOUCHDOWN PATRIOTS !! score is PV 20 Sylvan hills 0 . 
alrite PATRIOTS !! At the half itz PV 27 SH 0 . LETS GO PATS !! 
and goin into the 4th its 35 to nothin . go PATS ! 
well this was a great nite for patriot football . final score 42-7 
is lovin that #85 Childs . and this years heisman winner MALLET !!! good game hogs . now for the game winnin shot ! 
knows theres nothin quite like a lil < PROPFIRST > sinatra to put a smile . did u know that ?? 
ok ... so im at tha waffle house and the cook , who is like 75 yrs old , tried to use sum flare cook and flip tha butter knife and couldnt catch it . so sad . 
can mess up any beautiful day . why i cant do anything rite ?? 
learned today to never over reach for things u have dropped on the floor if ur chair has wheels ... it will roll right from under u . lol . 
was just reading sum < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh quotes and realized that he is very insightful and sweet for a lil ol bear . 
is wanting to inform anyone who lives in maumelle DO NOT LEAVE YOUR HOUSE !! THE BIKES ARE OUT !! and traffic is bumper to bumper past fuller and son headin to LR . 
iz still stuck after watchin that loss Y ARKANSAS Y ??? Atleast I know I can count on my Utes to win tonite ! 
just hopped in the drivers seat and i did good . yay me ... come on friday ! 
is thru studying cuz my head hurts . one gilmore girls then to bed . gn fb . 
is studying for acessment 6 . at home , fighting sleep , but the phone is goin on music mode kiddos , that means no calls or text till tomorrow . have a better night than me fbfam . 
ugh fb ... y is today goin so slow !! help fb ! im sleepy ! 
jus got to watch tha new criminal minds ... BYE JJ ... WE WILL MISS U !! sigh . final tomorrow ... goodmight fbfam . 
had an A+ day ... sigh . i cant wait . 
is enjoying the weekend so far . hopin that things keep movin upword . 
isnt a real employee 
is excited for tomorrow ... yay ! 
is realizing my actual invisibility as stated by kj and 7 ... fb wont even let me see my profile . my invisibility has gont from work to my personal life ... u laugh it up scrappy . 
is blowin wit my bae in our new spot 
is at work with a headache from these calls already today 
is ready to get off work !! 
says its saturday boys and girls ... its football day ! GO HOGS !! GO UTES !!! 
is cookin once again ... anyone see a pattern ... and its youtube time . time to listen to my fav poets do they thing 
is lovin it . my bae made spaghetti .. cant wait until we get to eat . 
cant believe 2mro is the last day of transition . where do we go celebrate as a group ?? suggestions for a place to eat , drink , and allow under 21 ?? 
really appreciates everyone in maumelle who was late movin around . made my slow start smoother . 
went to tha fair wit tha bae , and now finna down !! 
is highly amazed by people who are fully funtional befor ten a.m. 
is at work , mind wandering about what is going on . glad today is goin by fast for day one out tha nest . 
is really missin my jojo ... oh brother i miss u . i hope ur well . love u . i want this day to end . 
doesnt like 92.3 and 101.1 having the same two songs on the starting lineup . 
is just off work and is finna work out before i make dinner . 
has scrapped my plan to work out because we dont have a remote to get into the workouts . which has now squashed my motivation to work out ... but i think its time to catch up wit on of charlies angels . 
messed up and had a cig ... it was just much needed after this week . 
just finished cleaning up , chillin on tha front porch waitio on angel #2 who is coming to visit me . yay . 
is already in my pjs and on the couch wit one of my fav movies , BUGSY MALONE . but its over so gn fb . 
jus got thru eatin , havin a beer and finishin madea goes to jail then im goin to bed . 
has changed my profile pic cause i miss my brother .. long day fb .. prolly finna lay ut down . oh ya ... boo lakers . 
is changing my status again jus for u . oh yeah ... boo lakers . 
is up ready for work . sigh ... one more day . 
is up gettimg ready for work . but only 82 hrs til WICKED !!! 
wishes i had a computer .. sigh my pll hunt will have to start tomorrow ... but now im of to bed . gn fb . 
wants a new phone cuz i cant get on my spark people . sigh ... 
is headed to bed , wicked tomorrow . nite fb . 
is at wicked ... its intermission and its great so far . i miss tha bae wish he could enjoy this with me 
had a FANTASTIC time at WICKED last nite . Now chillin wit my fam for my brothers 17th bday . miss my bae , wish he could be here . love u bae . HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO !! 
is a little bored .... i just don't know what to do . I'm cold , and have no one to talk to . sigh ... 
Wishes my usually artistic but overly wild immagination didnt push my thoughts into overdrive and make me question what i love . but not anymore . 
Oy with the poodles already ! 
cannot sleep , ive been forgotten about . i love u bae . back to sleep attempt fb fam , gn . 
Loves when my horoscope reminds me of sum of my goals and to dos that i tend to forget . 4-22-10 . 
loves my bae for everything he does , and im so excited to do a final move in this weekend . hes tha best . 
well my week is over , tomorrow starts move in , and i cant wait . nite fb fam . 
is actually nauseated by this game . what the hell wynn ? idk what to say . 
is up trying to get ready for work but its hard cuz i feel terrible . 
is feeling lost by all this question and answer . sigh lunch time ... wish it were time to hit end duty . 
so i am late but i just found out what the Q and A was about ... but ill take questions if any one cares to ask ... if u know me u know im alwas last for anything .. 
says commas are the whores of the puntuation world . 
is spendin a nite away from my bae ... and i wish i was layin wit him now . love you bae . 
is watching tha game and apparently being invisible ... sigh . 
overtime ??? it shouldnt have come down to this . but lets go hogs ! 
is headed to bed fb . feelin great layin wit my bae . nite fbfam ! 
is ready for both these games today . lets go hogs ! beat those tigers ! and knowin my Utes are gonna kill them Cougars ! 
has had both my teams win arkansas killed tha tigers and those utes barely beat them cougars . 
Wishes i was at home layed up wit my bae instead of bein stuck at work . Sigh ... damn there no being any day of time left . 
Is home from work and it has been a long day . Lata fb . 
Is headin to bed , not in tha best mood . Nite fb 
just got thru watchin hook , one of my fav childhood movies , now finna clean up a little and fibsh enjoying my off day . 
im gettin in on this one ... send me a number to my inbox that represents you and ill update my status wit my opinion of you . 
#18 ... ur an amazing poet and woman 
#22 u have really grown up alot ... wish u still lived down here with us . miss u < PROPMALE > . 
#2006 ur a real friend , my true homie ... the thug i wish i was lol .. a third of charlies angels , we gotta < PROPFEMALE > and go see our jojo . 
3.25 - ur tha cobbler maker what can i say , you made high school bareable . 
wants a hippoptamus for christmas . 
is mad someone broke my mem card for my game 
is lost rite now . i miss you . 
just took alot of tylonal pm just so i can try and get a little sleep tonite missin the love of my life . 
is trying so hard to sleep unsuccessfully . listenin to sum music #nowplaying - avant missing you . love u bae , missin u . 
wishes the county would hurry tha hell up . it dont take that long to process people out ?! 
Is so happy my baby is home . NevaKnownLoveLikeThis 
woke 
woke up next to my baby this morning , life couldnt be better , he home , we healthy and happy . its gonna be a great christmas . ~ nevaknewlovelikethis ~ 
did not wanna go to work . wanted another day at home wit my bae . #nowplaying - unthinkable 
is layin it down cuz its been a long day ... ugh tha crazy calls .. but i love to watch u sleep . nite fb . 
is cold and finna lay down wit my baby so we can get warm . nite fb . 
is home for a little today and can spend some q.t. wit my bae . 
is bein tha spotter on call of duty , becuz i could never be the actual player . T-n-T forever . nite fb . 
cant imagine my world without you . 
has feelings for u that i cant discribe . can u help me find those words ? 
gets to spend new years with you , and thats enuf for me . 
is ready for this weekend ... wonder why . but still lovin my bae , takin it one day at a time . 
Is ready to go home . 
Will try till I die , I promise that . 
Wishes this woman would come on and finish this call . I wanna go home . 
Is at home watching Big Bang Theory . Hehehe . Can't wait to fall asleep in his arms . 
On my way to work . #nowplaying - bag lady erykah bash . 
Is at work , stuck on hold for tech , wish I didn't have to turn this phone in . #nowplaying - I love you by Dru Hill . 
just walked outside and saw one of the c\ 
earest skies in a long time , saw Orions belt and wishes i cou\ 
d be among the stars . 
wants to thank everyone who has shown me love on my birthday . now im snowed in and finna spend tha rest of my day doin laundry . 
has changed plans due to the large amount of snow on my car . what a birthday . 
is officially 25 ! happy birthday to me ! 
loves u beyond imagination , but is there a thought directed my way of the same substance and at the same magnitude ? 
Is at work ready to go , missing my bae , #nowplaying Genuwine- So anxious . 
Is back at it ... wanna go home to my bae . #nowplaying 112- Anywhere . 
is at work wishin i could go home and be back warm wit my bae . 
has an unusual addiction to pepperoni . Maybe i should do an intervention . 
Is cookin chicken for the love of my life . I only hope he knows how much . Miss the angels . Letters in the mail 2mro . Promise . 
is enjoyin my day off . later on movie wit my bae . 4/22/10 til forever . 
is having the same day as everyone else so ... FML !! 
is listenin to Pandora slow jams , chillin in tha bed wondering what the weather is gonna do tomorrow . wishin I could feel ir arms around me . later FB . 
is debating on sleep right now because < PROPFIRST > rock is makin me spit soda im laughin so hard . ugh .. work tomorrow , and if I hear anotha thing bout this iPhone imma scream . gn fb . 4/22/10 . <3 
is sitting down watching season 3 episode 1 . Not quite the same without the angels . but excited bout this season . 
is dying my hair then off to bed in hopes of a better day . 
cannot sleep . where the hell are those sheep when u need them . 
is watching criminal minds then off to bed , gotta work tomorrow . 
just finished cooking spaghetti and eating . it was great if i say so myself . watchin twister and headed to bed , not feelin well . 
is thrilled to go home and activate my new phone and get out this damn chocolate touch . 
Loves my new phone ... so im up to date finally fb . Yay me . 
Is ready to go to bed . Goodnite fb ! 
Is up and at it today ... hello ... good mornin ... 
Is playin with my new phone ... so if I know u like that and u know I have ur number reply to this or text me some ideas for ringtones u want , skies the limit wit my droid . 
Knows that droid really does . 
Is headed to bed , dreading going to work tomorrow . Goodnight fb . 
Was here early but will now be late waiting on this slow ass woman for my temp badge ... come the hell on . 
Wishes today could start over and not be the worst day ive had in a while . 
Knows its sad when the best part of ur day is ur parking space 
Cannot believe this call volume ... thing one : are you here enduring the insanity as well ? 
Still has almost 5 hors left and am biding my time listening to < PROPFIRST > sondhiem ... gotta love it 
Listening to losing my mind from follies . Love this song . 
Is off to bed fb ... another long day tomorrow ... gn fb 
Is at work despite weather ... hopin we go home early 
Loves that the snow looks so fluffy 
Loves listening to crooners like ol blue eyes and < PROPMALE > conick jr on snowy cold days , they make me wam inside when im not with my bae . 
Is at home catching up on some dvr becuz back to work tomorrow with overtime to make up for missing tonight . More tomorrow fb . 
Wishes I didn't have to work this morning . Just wanna last up with my bae . 
Just wants to go to sleep in this comfy chair 
So 4 o clock is like my two < PROPFEMALE > warning in football . Helping me get my game up so i can get the hell outta here as soon as possible 
Is off work . Going home and goin to bed 
Is at my parents house for super bowl and my dads birthday . 
And we have kick off ... 
Was very tickled by that doritos commercial 
Just put in one load of clothes when the second load goes in , I hop in tha shower , but until then BIG BANG THEORY . BAZINGA ! 
Is chillin at tha house just needing a relaxing evening with my baby . 
Is leaving work due to inclimate weather . But why did u make me drive here for an hour and a half . 
Is spening quality time with my DVR , gotta play catch-up . Game done , PLL done , workin on RuPaul's Drag Race . Then three Gilmore Girls . Yay . 
Is staying home again ! Thanks snow 
Do you like apples ? Well i got her number ... how do you like them apples ? 
Is in slow jam mode , at work til 10 and feeling a little distant ... only you can bring me back ... 
It dont mean a thing if it aint got that swing ... gotta love < PROPMALE > torme ! 
#nowplaying Happily Ever After by case ... sounds like a first dance song . Love u bae . 
Wishes it was a way to pull your dreams into reality just as they are when u sleep ... 
Still has two hours left til I get off and can go home and go to bed . Right now sitting in the car trying to get some more juice on my phone . #cold 
Hates feeling sick 
Still feels like crap . I want to go home , not feeling this work thing today . 
Doesn't even feel like I'm at work , like I'm just sitting here but not really . here 
Is in serious need of a nap 
Is ready to go ... 10 < PROPFEMALE > left ... 
Had a crazy weekend ... now am at work , listening to Wicked and ready to go .... 
Has an hour and a half then home to wash clothes ... yay . 
But yay for PPL coming on tonight 
Does not want to be here 
Is in need of a serious vacay . Slc , 3 months and counting 
Listenin to a lil pandora radio and ready to go 
Lets go fly a kite ... up to the highest height , lets go ... fly a kite 
Chim-chimeny chim-chimeny chim-chim-cha roo , i < PROPFIRST > what i likes , and I l likes what I < PROPFIRST > . 
Whats a motto ? Nuttin ... whats'a motto wit you ? Lol ... hakuna matata . 
Was at work am now at home and didnt feel not one quake , tremor , shake , or any earth movement . Where do u have to live to feel it 
Is at work , outside on lunch break and its a little chilly ... par for the course i guess ... 3 more months but will i make it ? I hope so . 
Cant believe tomorrow is friday ... i cant wait til monday to be off again 
Is goin crazy .... tonight is goin by so slow . I just wanna go to bed . 
COPPER BOOM !!! 
Is a failure as a rep. 
Is enjoying the sound of rain , watchin CHICAGO jus waitin til 4 when my bae gets off . 
Says if X = LAME , that guy is 4X . Gotta love everybody loves < PROPFIRST > . 
Is marking my calendar for JULY 15 , Anyone else ? I'm even prolly gonna take a personal day for that or after for a second go and re-coop . 
Spent my first night in the new crib and slept like a baby . this really feel like a place I can call home 
Is watching price is right , and for anyone who has seen it latelu does anyone else think < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is starting to look like < PROPFIRST > powers ? 
