right now i'm having breakfast with my wife ... mmm mnmmm good ! 

It was a beautiful day today in San < PROPMALE > . The sun shone brightly , but the temperatures were perfect . After all , this is San < PROPMALE > - The Best Weather On Planet Earth ! 
Going to bed early tonight . Gotta work at 5am . 
My son isn't feeling so good today . He's got a fever , stuffy nose , and a sore throat . I hope he starts feeling better soon . 
Yep , he's got a fever 101.3 . :( 
He's doing better now . Getting ready for bed . Got some meds and then he was just jumping about . Yep , time for bed . :) 
Thought that by now I'd stop with all the driving . Yet , I drive . 2hrs 17mins here , 2hrs 07mins there . Gee ... :) 
gee , I'm sitting here trying to think of something to write and nothing comes to mind at all ... just sitting thinking about it . Maybe I've got too much on my mind or nothing , can you tell the difference ? 
My day off ... just sitting here chillin ' . 
Have TG off ( Yippee ! ) ; but then have to be to work at 4am on Friday , DATG . :( 
is off to work . Looking forward to having a tough time . Gotta get ready for Black Friday ! 
is gonna take my nap , then I'm gonna get my work on . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR 2011 TO PLANET EARTH AND ALL ITS INHABITANTS !!! 
saw walls down at homes and broken trees near where he lives in San < PROPMALE > . The storms that came through here this week were AWESOME ! We even had lightning and thunder ! Unusual for San < PROPMALE > ; yeah , I haven't heard thunder here in almost 4 years . 
heard that El Niño is affecting our weather systems . This has led to a LOT more rain than usual . This area annual rains usually start during the month of October ; instead our rains started January 2010 ; more than 2 months late . The backyard is lightly flooded ( about an inch of standing rain ) , but no other apparent damage . 
got his free cookies from OREO today ... did you ? 
says that he is tired and very sleepy , even at noon time in SD . planning on taking a nap in a few minutes . sssssiiiiiiiiggggggghhhhhhh .... 
yyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssss 
LMN ! I call it the LeMoN network , since it always seems to be SOUR to men ! 
nap , then work . the sleep . then wake . then school . then nap . then work . ahhhh ... life is sooooo much fun !!! 
7.2 Mexicali Earthquake - Mountains 30K south of Mexicali - http://bit.ly/ajcjO1 #ireport 
Going to bed and sleep after spending a little time letting the kids hear some REAL music . 
trying to figure out why my location is not showing up in my tweets anymore 
unable to locate me ... wOw ! 
the dogs are barking and they sure are biting too ... ouch ! 
just had a visit from the US Census today at 7pm . counted 11 of us , which includes our < PROPMALE > kids . 
being so busy , i didn't finish the forms ... still on my to-do list . might get it done before the end of the week . said the Census Bureau will release the information in 72 years from this year . means i should be able to look up my dad's info in 2012 . 
and my mom's ... and both my grandmothers ( if i can remember the spelling of their names , eh ? ) . 
I keep searching for this toy I remember having when I was about 3 years old . It was a Boeing 707 ( American Airlines ) with battery-powered retractable landing gear and realistic engine sounds . The landing gear had WORKING gear doors that retracted like the real thing . Can't find anything online like it . Frustrating . 
I need help finding this toy . I remember my dad giving it to a neighbor in St. Kitts just before we left ... sometime in the early 1970's . I loved that toy ... :) 
I am so sleepy ... falling asleep watching a video of upcoming technology . Very excited about it , even if I'm falling asleep . 
the kids didn't want to go to bed tonight ... too much energy they said . so we used that energy to get some more work done around the house . just love it when the kids have ENERGY !!! 
the universe is great . long live the universe ! 
Happy Anniversary , < PROPFEMALE > . It's now 6 years and we have made it this far . Imagine where we can go when we really get going ... I love you . 
Finding myself coming to FB to play FV more and more . Didn't realize that growing veggies and fruits could be so , well , EXCITING ! 
Happiness . Joy . Excitement . That's the feeling I get when I come home from work . 
Black Friday is this weekend . The beginning of true profitability for almost all retailers . Without this season , most won't be in business . That's the commercial side of a very religious experience . Hope all have safe and happy Holy Days as you celebrate . 
Added some info about work , but dates are approximate ... working strictly from memory here ... 
CDMA iPhone 4 ... coming to Sprint too ? Whoa ! \ 
\ 
But I still think that Windows Phone 7 is gonna be better in the long run . Can't wait ' til all phones are at least dual-core with at least 2GB of RAM ! Heck , maybe they'll be 64bit within the next 3 years ... that would be A W E S O M E ! 
Finally installed the Facebook app on my new WP7 phone . Don't know if I'm keeping it though . 
Meetings about this ... meetings about that ! Man , meetings just keep coming , but what - in the end - is ever accomplished by a meeting ? 
On Thursday I went and donated 500ml of blood . Funny thing , I actually felt better after all that blood got out of me and got on the way to possibly helping keep someone alive . 
