oh .... the irony of the madness behind the eyes of the true woman .... 

soooo d . d .... you met shawn .... what you think ? heh .... you still owe me a sock ! i totaly grabbed the bottem of your skirt ( while running with one shoe on cause you stole my other one ! guh ! ) 
ohhh ! goin to see 9 wit my baby ! yah ! miss him ! 
what anight for a dance nd you know that i am a dancing machine . with the fire in my bone and the sweet taste of kerosene . i get so high in the night that i dont wanna come down to face the lost of te good thing tht i have found .... even though it was me who dove us into the ground . ~ sigh ~ drunken nights . fuckin < PROPFEMALE > to establish dominance almost destroyed what we have . FUCK ! 
oh .... FUCK ! i hate reporting for parole .... i wanna be back in pontiac back under shawns truck workin on it with him like i have been for the < PROPFIRST > few days ! ( stupid transfercase is still leaking .... driver side is twisted .... lmao ! ahh ! good times four weeling ! :P 
my babe got his new truck ! YAH ! four-weelin here we come ! oh yeah ! 
if i wasnt married to the street .... itd be you .... ask around . everybody knows that your mine . 
wow .... fuck . thats all i can reallt say .... oh , and ... i look good in stripes ? right the fuck on ! :P misss ya girlie ! 
bla ..... gonna be sad for a while .... prolly gonna isolate . oh poo ! 
~ sigh ~ thoughts of madness cross my mind . and who knows what the madness means ? gatta controle thedesire .... lonloyness sux . 
~ sigh ~ thoughts of madness cross my mind . and who knows what the madness means ? gatta controle thedesire .... lonloyness sux .... ugh ! im sickly ! in need of cuddles and hugs .... anyone ? 
oh fuck .... woke up this morning .... blood all over my room , and me . my yahoo IM was blowin up , WTF happended last night ? all i remember is goin to the bar with < PROPFIRST > , bottle and a half of whiskey .... oh ! feelin good with my whiskey hangover . * confused * 
ugh .... trin to get the desre to clean my room . parole tomoro .... and maybe a new hair cut and color ? hopefully ! 
off to the wonderful world of parole .... got my music , my book , ( no dork , i didnt finish it , ) no knives though . had to take those off me . seems that they frown on me having them . weird . ~ shrug ~ im dressed in my comphy baggy cloths . so maybe no one will hit on me ? cause then i wont have to punch them . then get yelled at for doin so .... oh poo ! feel better D.D. ! dont worry ! 
the bass , the rock , the mic , the treble , i like my coffee black just like my metal ! 
should i talk slower like youre a retard !? should i talk slower lke youre retarded !?.... get it ? get it ? get it ? you just dont get it ! get it ? get it ? get it ? stupid mutha fucker ! 
the bitches love me cause they know i can rock . the bitches love me cause they know that i can fuck . 
we cannot even begine to understand the wrong that has been done . the judgement has passes . we are with out a soul . oh what shall we do ? ~ laughs sinisterly ~....~ BITE ~ ? 
numb . completly numb . 
after taking every detore , getting lost and loosig track , so that even i i wated to , i could not find my way back . after driving out the memories of the way things might have been . afte i have forgotten all about us , the song remembers when . 
we were young and we were in love , i guess somethingmust have happended , and we must have said goodby , and my heart must have broken , though i cant recall just why , the song remebers when . 
now for all the < PROPMALE > between us , and all the time that has passed , < PROPFEMALE > would think i havent gotten very far . and i hope my hasty heart , will forgive me just this one , if i stop to wonder how on earth you have been . thesong remebers when 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind , ive seen night's full of pain , days of the same you keep the sunshine , save me the rain , i search but never find , hurt but never cry . 
SO IMA PICK THE WORLD UP AND IMA DROP IT ON YOUR FUCKING HEAD ! 
hed still say \i love you if i asked\ " but he never volenteers . " 
oh ..... you hate me ? boo fucking hoo ! get the fuck over it . i eat people like you for morning snacks .... so fuck off and grow up . 
eeeep ! < PROPFIRST > is home for a few days ! oh .... i missed him ! 
i guess the world dont stop , for my broken heart . 
im slightly nerotic , completely phsycotic . embrace it , love it . fear it . 
~ sigh ~ it just dosent change dose it ? you think you can forget , but the songs wont let you . 
well when i called her evil , she just laughed . well cast that spell on me , boo bitch craft ! 
becasue i just LOVE feeling sick every day .... i think ima go to sleep so i can wake up and be sick again . joy . ~ rolls eyes ~ seems fresh air helps tho .... i kinda wanna go fishing ! :D 
your smiling that smile that you get when your nervoise . like youre not quite sure what to do . but this is me your talking to . 
rejected from day one . my < PROPFEMALE > e is bastard son . ive been damned so many times that ive lost count . blue callor working < PROPFEMALE > , devises master plan . bi-polor with a side arm . im sick and im twisted . you cant fix me . dont make me , cause ill do it , red button and we'll all go : into the river below ! running from the inferno , youll think im insane . but youll all know my < PROPFEMALE > e . 
ugh .... bein prego is NOT how i planned on spending my summer . Oh joy ! Damn saggitarius this babes gonna be ! 
dreams move on , if you wait to long .... all i keep thinking is that it could have been me , standing there with you .... 
Pretty girl is suffering while he confesses everything . Pretty soon shell figure out what his intentions were about . And that what you get for falling again you can never get him out of your head . Its the way that he makes you feel . Its the way that he kisses you , its the way he makes you fall in love . 
Battle of the BAnds was AWSOME .... after that .... not so much ! lmao ! go Hayloft ! 
I thought we decided to not fall in love ? That we would be forced to live a lie ? And that it would destroy our lives ? 
\You cannot bounce balls in here . \"" 
Sometimes , things can slap you right in the face when you least expect them to . And its right then that you think , no you know , that you will be ok . That no matter what happens , no matter the pain you may be in , you will be ok . And that its ok the let the other go . For only then can you be really happy . 
\Baby why you callin me so late ? Its kinda hard to talk right now .... \"" 
uh uh ! im watchin supernaural right ? tell me why the devil says to < PROPFIRST > , \a fiddle of gold against your soul to thinks im better than you ! \ " seriosly ? hellz yah ! " 
And that way he looked at her . That focused stare , filled with possesion , as if he knew that she wanted him despite every sick thing he had done . So damned smug , knowing it would take one move on his part , crushing her mouth under his , knowing she longed to go up on her toes and fasten her mouth to his and she would melt into him , give herself away alll over again . 
' Cause I'm not coming back I'm closing the door I used to be trippin ' over missin ' you but I'm not any more I got the picture phone but baby your picture's gone Couldn't stand to see your smile every time you dialed 
Keep you're boots .... I'll take a boi in < PROPMALE > taylors over anyone ANYDAY ! mmmm ! 
ugh ! im filthy ! stupid maintnece on gross houses ! all dirty and grundgy ! glad to be home tho ! showa time ! 
ugh .... LONG ass fucking day at work .... im so friggen tired , and i dont think bein prego and in the sun all day is a good idea ! blech ! another long day tomoro ! i need a back rub .... seriosly ! 
so , i love my afternoon/eairly evening naps .... :P now im ready to take on the world ! not gonna worry about getting kicked outta class till .... well , till i get the letter for a meeting with the edministraitor ! lmao ! 
well , off to < PROPMALE > oak for some much needed time out of the house . i was gonna go .... then wasnt , and now i am . heh . joy . but i need it , i really need to get out of the house for a while . erm .... talking to < PROPFIRST > while waitin for friends to pick me up ! :P but im out ! 
yeah for < PROPMALE > Potter and the Goblet of Fire , snuggling with Soulbum my kitteh , and nice comphy blankets after a long days hard work . heh OH WAIT ! i have all three ! whoohoo ! snuggles and < PROPMALE > and blankets aglore ! :P 
im going to crawl into my rock now . please dont bother . k .... thanx by ! 
Sem Per Fi ... HOORAH ! 
Heading to Ferndale for pre-pride fest party at Club 9 .... whoohoo ! Then Pride Fest tomoro ! oh yeah ! 
Pride fest was awsome .... wet .... but awsome . saw a couple peeps i hadnt seen in a while . got some fun pics , went dancing . all good fun ! 
you know what i want ? and i never thought i would say this , but i want a real date . the nice clothes on both people , a movie , then to < PROPMALE > oak for dancing and dinner , then a nice walk . bla .... to bad tha will never happen tho . heh ! might have met an interesting person tho ... :P 
whoohoo ! < PROPMALE > out with brother and got married yesterday ! :P 
blech .... feel kinda crappy . didnt get to see my friend . his tire went flat on his bike . ~ shrug ~ the end of this week and weekend is going to be hectic . not really lookin fowarwards to it . kinda am .... meh . itll prolly seem like im dissapearing , and in a way i am . come thursnight , dont be offended if i dont answer .... lmao ! 
Im having a girl , now me and < PROPFIRST > are arguing over names . i want something exotic .... he wants .... not exotic . ~ sigh ~ anywho , any ideas on some names ? 
yah for coffe at like 830 am .... so now im all bubbly and awake . had to go to the party store to get milk .... woot woot < PROPFIRST > ! but the cereal was icky . so now raman noodles .... then more cleaning of my room ! ooogggity boooogggity boo ! 
so yah .... prolly shold not have had my web cam set on motion detection , specially < PROPFEMALE > im only half dressed dancing ( horribly ) to music .... eeeep ! 
A furore infra , libera nos . 
SO .... ENDED UP IN THE HOSPITAL TODAY CAUSE I WAS HAVIN MINOR CONTRACTIONS . JOY O JOY . SILLY GIRL , YOUR ONLY FIVE MONTHS OLD , TOO SOON TO COME OUT AND DESROY THE WORLD . AHA ! 
im sorry for the demon ive become . you should be sorry for the angel that you are not . i apoligize for the cruel thing that i did . but i dont regret one single word i said . so just walk away , make it eaisy on yourself , just walk away please release me from this hell . just walk away , theres just nothing left to feel , just walk away , pretend that none of this is real . 
BABY SHOWER , SEPTEMBER 25th AT 3pm , THOSE WHO WOULD LIKE TO ATTEN , PLEASE SEND ME YOUR ADDRESS SO I CAN MAIL YOU AN INVETATION . AND YES , MALES WILL BE ATTENDING . I AM REGISTERED AT BABIE R US , AND TARGET ( THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > Blomquist , YOU ROCK MY SKULL SOX OFF ! ) SO YEAH .... HELP A MOTHA OUT ! 
i dont give a damn about my bad reputation . so neither should you . 
i just had the most ineresting longest convo i have had in a long time that i ahve had with anyone . thank you < PROPMALE > berden ! 
where have all the country bois con ? country music listen , truck drivin , cigarret smoken , scrap haulin , good lookin , down home country bois ? send em my way ! ~ sniff sniff ~ 
you used to captivate me by your resonating light , now , I'm bound by the life you left behind , your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams , your voice it chased away all the sanity in me . 
SHe aint into wine and roses , beer just makes her turn up her nose , and she cant stand the thought of shipping champange . 
im going to go play with knives and razor blades now . anyone care to join ? just dont bring your boyfriends or girlfriends ! no fun then ! 
\i didnt know you rode the bus . \ " \ " i use to drive home while drunk . but some mothers got M . A . D . D . \"" 
so ive felt rotten the past couplda days right ? headace from hell . so i drank some pepsie a couple hours ago .... headace gone ! yah ! but now im wide awake full of .... something . not quite energy , but something ! lmao ! so < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer fest ! woot woot ! 
stupid glucose test ! i took one this mornign for my OB/GNY appt , they said i might have to take more test tomoro , so im stuck at home , then i get home , around 1000amish , and passed out till 230pmiah . they sais i might ferel sleepy but they didnt tell me i would crash and wake up with a head ache ! 
\you see this ? N ... Y ... P ... D .... means i will Knock Your Punkass Down ! \"---- who knows there movie quotes ? " 
quize .... how many of the orriginal nine of The Fellowship of The Ring die in the first movie ? 
yah ! LOTF TTT is on ! woot woot ! dork time ! \YOU .... SHALL NOT .... PASS ! \"" 
yah ! LOTR TTT is on ! woot woot ! dork time ! \YOU .... SHALL NOT .... PASS ! \"" 
McCluster .... 94 yards ! damn that boi can move ! i aint seen anyone move that quick in a long ass time ! 
had the weirdest .... damness most erotc dream that i have had in along time last night . glad im not a guy ! lmao ! 
i think im going to go curl up and try to sleep the day away . maybe this time i shall succeed ! i got woke up at like 630pm last night . wasnt happy ! lmao ! so night ! 
Both needing something from each other , not knowing yet what might be . till she came to me one eaving , hot cup off coffe and a smile . in a dress that i was certain , she hadnt worn in quite awhile . there was a difference in her laughter . there was a softness in her eyes . and on the air there was a hunger , even a boi could reconize . 
so , im pretty sure im crazy ? possibly insane . deff phsycotic . anyone want to be friends ! :D i love myself ! 
< PROPFIRST > Berry-Standing on the Edge of Goodbye . 
i guess when love gose wrong , you gatta learn to be strong .... oh its hard to tell him no , when i want him so bad . but ive got to be true to my heart , this time . im not looking for a fantasy , i want a man who stands beside me . 
According to you I'm boring I'm moody you can't take me any place I'm the girl with the worst attention span you're the boy who puts up with it . But according to him I'm beautiful incredible he can't get me out of his head . I'm funny irresistible everything he ever wanted . Everything is opposite , I don't feel like stopping it , so baby tell me what I got to lose . He's into me for everything I'm not , according to you . 
back when the days were old and the night cold and condoms werent invented . wrap a sock on your cock and babies were prevented ! 
i dont know where im going , but i sure know where ive been , hanging on the promises of the songs of yesterday , and ive made up my mind , i aint waisting no more time . here i go again .... tho i keep searching for the answer . i never seem to find what im looking for ..... 
ladies love country bois ! 
you have no right to ask me how i feel . you have no right to speak to me so kind . you have no right to say you love me . someday i might find myself looking into your eyes , and expressing how i feel . but right now , i have no right . love leads to isolation . 
do you leave the warrior who you love and have a family with , but who dosnt love you , do you leave them for the < PROPMALE > who dose love you ? 
So , today is the first official day of me being crazy ! 
So , i just got informed that murder is no longer illegal in michigan ! YES ! :D 
My my MY .... Sammie Winchester .... how you have grown up ! Mmmmmm ! 
nothin like sittin up for hours on end wit a few country boi friends listen to country music . Gatta luv them country bois ! Haha ! Yah for oxford ! 
there is madness afoot here in this silli town ! the weekend away from home in oxford was nice , but now i miss my kitties and MY OWN bed .... lmao . so i think ima head home relitivly soon here .... bla .... bck is KILLIN me ! 
Pretty kool movie the new the karati kid movie . Wee bit diff then the others .... but still good nevertheless ! Now watchin hot rod .... i kno weird people ! 
i remember < PROPFEMALE > all the games began i remember every little lie , n every last goodby . Promis u broke , words u choked on n i never walked away . Its still a mystery 2me . Well im so empty , im better off w/u .... 
whats was i suppose to do ? standing there lookin at you ? lonly boi so far from home .... maybe it was memphis , maybe it was summer summer nights , maybe it was you , maybe it was me , but it shur felt right ! 
If you're coming with me you need nerves of steel ' cause i take corners on two wheels . It's a never-ending circus ride , The faint of heart need not apply .... i go where the wind blows , you cant tame a wild rose .... here in the firlights i see your tattoo ... MI < PROPFEMALE > Loca , so your crazy to !? 
the bitches love me cause they know that i can rock . the bitches love me cause they know i can ryme . the bitches love me cause they know that i can fuck .... 
So , i got asked out on a date for tonight .... sweetest day night . umm .... REALLY ? 
Illusion should never become substance . 
for some reason i feel miserable today . acually , have been feelin it for the past few days . ugh . cant shaek this feelin . weird dreams have been makein me think weird things about people . and im uncertain on what to do with them . i hate people . prolly gonna dissapear for a few days .... PeAcE 
ahhhh ! the fist pot off coffe in the morning ! slap in the face wake up bitch ! or , as its \fondly\ " called by others ..... \ " Death . \ " wich is prolly why im NOT aloud to make the coffee in the mornin at there place anymore ! aha ! " 
speakin of the devil , look who just walked in , he knows just where to find me , here we go again . 
This is what I thought , \ 
I thought you'd need me . \ 
This is what I thought , \ 
So , think me naive . \ 
I promised you a heart you promised to keep . \ 
Kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep . 
sex . hard , fast , hot , lots of heavy breathing , scratching , biting and strawberry flavored lube . oh yes PLEASE ! 
it was summer , and three words were said .... 
but dont ask her on a straight < PROPFEMALE > night . she'll start thinking about him then she's ready to fight . blames her broken heart on every man in sight .... on a straight < PROPFEMALE > night .... 
some people .... just need to bleed to feel . even if its only a wee bit . even if its only one slash instead of five .... that means there gettin better right ? AHA ! 
My has happy birthday this monday .... at least .... my hopes to ! :P PUPPY ! 
gonna go curl up with my kitty .... miserable . 
everyone , please just leave me alone . stop callin and stop texting . i dont want to talk to anyone . i just want to be left alone . please . 
need a hot shower , back rub n some SERIOSE cuddles . bla .... i feel miserable .... UGH ! 
just open your eyes , youll see that life is beautiful ! do you swear on your life , that no one will cry , at my funiral .....! 
cowboy take me away .... fly this girl as high as u can into the wild blue .... 
dim the lights , lock the doors , spread your pictures on the floor . blow the dust of out past . let it all come flooding back . cause it aint eaisy being strong , when i cant forget your gone . so i just surrender , and have myself a night to remeber . 
i may be the < PROPFEMALE > of broken hearts , but i dont hide behind the crown .... 
\there is no good or evil . there is only power . and those to week to seek it . \"" 
we are not created equal , but the place that we are least equal is the heart . you can work at talen t-t ake lessons , but love ? love either works or it dont . you either love someone or you dont . you cant change it . you cant undo it . 
Friggen 530am wake up to alarm on fone . hit snooze . gose off again five mins later . roll over to wake him up . roll outta bed to start the coffee and take Grr out , make snadwiches , walk him to door . say goodby . stumble back to bed only to have get back yp at 900am .... FML ! 
aint nothin better than curlin up wit a puppy who got a bath a few hours ago so he smells good , n takin a nap ! 
Grr puppy has the right idea .... NAP ! aha . Then home .... joy oh joy . 
~ sigh ~ sux wakin up at 430 am bc other peopel cant sleep ! then finaly rollin back over n goin back to sleep only to be woken up at 500am by a wet Grr puppy nose ! well , that part was ok ! then out of the house by 7am , to FINALLy get to my home .... laundry and SLEEEEEEEEEP ! bla .... 
not in the best of moods . Ignoring everyone n evything . Yes , this includes you . Have a nice fuckin life ass hole . 
YEAH ! ( thats a sarcastic yeah btw .... ) i have a doc appt at 1045 in the sodden morning . then fourweelin on thankgiveng ! yeah ! ( that was a happy yeah ! ) cant wait ! havent been fourweelin since .... last year . eesh . 
Didnt go fourweelin .... spent day wit Grr puppy . Now waitin for < PROPMALE > potter n the deathly hallows to start ! Bout damn time i saw it ! 
just gonna stand there n watch me burn but its all right cause i like the way it hurts . jus gonna stand there n hear me cry but its all right cause i like the way u lie . 
Fuuuuck .... its only 530am and ive been up for an hour already . Fuck this , Grr puppy can keep his ass in the living room wit < PROPFIRST > . Im takin my ass back to sleep . Gerah ! 
My cat Ninja dose NOT like Grr puppy ! She is sittin on my lap growling and hissing at him . Kinda amusing .... not gonna lie . 
Dose anyone remeber Pogs ? N Slammers ? Damn .... i havent seen them in a long time ! I kinda wanna play with them now ! 
Fuck this mornin wakin up shit . Hope isnt born yet , still got bout a week , < PROPFIRST > is out doin donuts .... -rolls eyes- .... Grr is finaly calmed down n cuddled on my bed .... so im takin my happy ass back to sleep . PeAcE ya'll .... 
ow .... fuckin OW ! Its 230am , been havin contractions since 800 pm last night . Went to hosp .... they sent me back home . So now im so uncomfortble .... and i cant sleep . fuck ! 
well Hope is on the way ! At hosp .... water broke . Woot woot ! 
Hope was born on Dec 14th . She weighed 7.14 lbs . 20 inches long and was born at 439 am .... 
is a kiss just a kiss if u have been wantin it but never expecting it , then u get it ? 
Heller .... baby ! New baby ! Cant get out much ! Dont much wanna either .... tho i was thinkin wuld be fun to swoop < PROPFEMALE > up n go to necto .... then i look over n think \i cant leave my baby ! \ " heh .... " 
GErrrah ! Nap time wit Hope n Grr puppy ! Now .... if only Grr puppy wuld move over n make sum room for me .... grrrrrr ! 
she still say i love you if i asked , but she'd never volenteer . 
im the perfect girl . Then i open my mouth .... 
i need a night out .... a night to jus relax n have fun with no worries n a nice cold < PROPMALE > in my hand . Oh .... 
it is not enough to seduce someone . U need to take there heart also . 
Is it sad < PROPFEMALE > the most intellegent conversation i have had in a long ass time is with my six week old daughter ? Heh .... 
bout to go do somethin really stupid .... but it makes me happy ! whoot whoot ! fuck you you fucking fuck ! i need more tattoos ! 
so .... my poor baby Hope was up till 3am .... had to switch her formula again , so shes constipated . so then she woke up at 445am .... waking me up again , then didnt go nback to sleep untill her daddy gave her a kiss .... then he had to go to work .... yeah for littlesleepies for me ! i miss my baby ! and im tired .... :( there IS a cigar callin my name upstairs tho .... 
The ending to a perfect night ? Dinner then cuddlin with my baby watchin TV in our bed as he falls asleep with our baby sleepin next to us ! 
Chickenfoot come back ! Youre not a freak ! Just stupid ! 
sometimes .... people just really fuckin suck .... you think things are goin all right ... then WHAM ! smack you in the face reality dose .... guess you just cant really truelly trust anyone huh ? 
I just love watchin my man sleep < PROPFEMALE > he falls alssp on the couch .... such a cuddle < PROPMALE > ! He snuggles with my pillow ! So cute ! 
now .... i know i need to put her down ..... but she looks so peacful sleepin on my chest . I just dont wanna put her down ! Heh .... 
happy < PROPFEMALE > to yall mutha fuckaz ! Bout to drink n smoke a few n do some contourouse violence ! ( i cant spell .... its what Murf said on boondock saints 2 , all saints day ! ) 
so Hope is sleepin on my chest cause her belly hurts so she scrunched up . And Grr Puppy is jealouse so hes sleepin on my legs pinning them down . And < PROPFIRST > is sleeping on my otherside .... i cant move anywhere ! Gerah ! 
he kisses me n hope everytime before he leaves ! -sigh- 
< PROPFEMALE > 
My Hopes has a toofers ! Yeah ! Not even four months old yet .... jeeze .... 
