kickin back by the pool ..... yey for summer .... missin someone .... and enjoying my time with someone else :) ...... 

my computer is not working right !!!!! yuck ! 
thinks i might kill her ! 
really had an amazing day but i was totally due for one !!!!! 
umm ... so idk liked wat i saw but am still a litlle/alot causious 
i have my computer back ..... yay ... thanks 
she's either going to be happy at me or mad at me .... it could go either way ..... wish me luck ! 
work work school ..... ugh monday's 
one test down ..... one to go .... ugh 
sad they left early but understands y ..... also hoping for a better day 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often . Post a comment of a memory of you and I . When you've finished post this paragraph in your status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you 
ugh ...... studing with a umm headache is no fun ... one class down one to go .... 
everything was better in the summer ........ feels idk weird ! work then studing ! 
wonders wats going on at asu ... just got a text message about the police at the apache parking and to not go there until the investigation is over ....? 
goal : attend all of my classes for a week ! 
can't believe its been two years ..... thanks for lockin ' me in ur basement .. LOL 
ugh ..... work .... 
ummm ...... it hurts 
keeps questioning it ..... feels shitty ... 
working and thinking ..... 
ugh studing ! 
loves her new bff ....... sam adams octoberfest ! :)) 
went to this psychic , astrology < PROPFEMALE > chart , tarot card reader lady .... it was rather interesting 
to think i grew up in south dakota .... and now in az its live 60 and i'm like ugh ..... when can it be warm agian ! 
work .. work ... all day long ! 
fml .......! 
nothing quite like a reading a good book underneath a tree by a pond ... listing to birds and such ! 
doesn't understand your double standard 
how is that my shit always gets lost ..... im going to be so pissed ...! 
little freak out is over now .... 
offically done cramming for finals ..... if i havent learned it by now i dont think i am going to learn it ...... wish me luck :) 
good luck < PROPMALE > ??? 
I want to live my life , Pursuing all my happiness , I want a fearless love , I won’t settle for anything less 
south < PROPFEMALE > here i come ..... yea ! i miss it but i am going to freeze my ..... u know wat off 
white 
got the keys for my new place today ... 
my thumb vs . vault door ....... vault door one my thumb zero .... i dont think there will be a rematch 
just checked an email acct that i used to use and found a 50 gift certificate that someone got me for xmas last yr ...... that was a nice suprise 
had a good day today now i have to buckle down and study for midterms 
everything makes me crabby ..... i need to find something to get me out of this mood .... get on facebook , get crabby ... wake up get cabby ,... get home , get crabby .... 
tired of it ... 
had a baby today ...... aka bought a puppy 
you shut your mouth when your talking to me ... 
hates allergies :( 
the scaryist thing in life is not ' dying ' its ' not trying ' 
schools almost out for ..... summer 
last spanish oral test .... yey ! 
well got a B+ on my last ever spanish oral exam .... I will take it .... cleaning then going to more classses ... fun ! 
apparently I look rather manly today ..... at starbucks when asked my name I said jessica ... since that is in fact my name but they wrote dustin .. lol 
can't wait til the dog learns to sleep past 530am ..... that will be like the best thing ever 
fml 
had a really good night ..... now I'm all introspective ...... and trying to figure out how I can learn to forgive ppl more , since it is something you can pratice and get better at :) or so I'm told/ 
sometimes I wonder how I survied this long .... lol ... was walking and talking and ate a bug :( .. lol 
one final down .... now heading home to write 3 pages and an abstract then edit 5 pgs and turn it in by 2 ... yey procrastination 
seriously super tired of all the drama ..... i thought older ppl had less drama ... so far not so true 
got a new phone ..... so far so good :) 
ummmm wow watch out some ppl are seriously scary ... there are some freaks out there .... 
8 more days 
ugh my head hurts 
I love LOVE Ansel Adams ... awsome mothers day surprise for me madre 
people need to realize that the world doesn't revolve around them ........ grow the f up 
* sigh * all done with finals for a semester or so at least ...... 
' I borrowed ur pocket hair bcuz you know wat the humidity does to my hair ..... i spayed some and it was mase I mased myself ' 
y must courtship be such a game ?? Not a fan of it 
is it bad that for the past day or so most of my improtant questions and decisions have been answered or decied by the magic 8 ball app on my phone ???? 
' is that a < PROPFEMALE > eating .... nope just a fat guy walking ' 
I'm so accident prone .... pulled a muscle/groin when I feel hiking but I really think @mahbuba aktar pushed me ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I are outside for his morning pee when we both look at each bcuz we hear this hissing sound next thing we know the sprinklers are on and we are in the middle of it all .. 
I love san < PROPMALE > and it's best with friends 
sad day one bestie leaves and it's just a reminder that only two weeks and the other leaves too ..... but last night was pretty fun ... learned a little about my self and < PROPFIRST > is leaving with a present on her arm from scot ... lol 
ugh long fricken day ....... cant do this much longer 
sadona ;) 
all I can say is wow ..... like wow ! 
on my way to happyville aka drunken stooper 
hates drama crazy people cause 
A : The day _ was teaching me to drive and mom didn't know but I drove from our house to BJ's or JB's for something for dinner . Mom was mad and I was extatic . 
today is looger booger's bday he's four months :) 
logans new fav thing .... the sprinklers he kept runningup to them with his mouth open and bouncing around them and barking and playing it was < PROPFEMALE > cute I didn't mind having to change my work clothes 
my bestie left today :( 
so sick of ppl whoare self centered and childish ..... wow 
me and nurses w/ needles never seem to get along .. nice sore arm 
loves the idea that starbucks has a new size trienta .... its like 30 or 32oz mmm ... maybe too much for coffee but not for their yummmy green tea :) 
y must everything be so complicated 
speaking of being all growed up .... pretty sure I'm putting in an offer on a house this week . 
sometimes ppl come into ur life when you are at ur worst , when they stick around that's how you know they are good shit . Got a letter from one of those ppl today .... shes pretty good shit . 
no one wants you until one person does then everyone wants you .... decisions decisions :) .... is it bad to plan two dates in one evening ?.... maybe that's a little slutty huh ? LOL just kidding ... sorta 
what will the world bring today , will it bring you joy or will it take it away ? 
had an amzing time last night with everyone from the old branch .... don't realize how much you miss ppl until you see them agian .... I'm serious ppl we need to hang ... Im not as busy as you all think :) 
totally just got hit on my some 40something super slow cashier at sprouts .... ' so are you new to the neighborhood ? O you got this organic coconut milk ice cream is it good ' me : ' yea it's pretty good . ' her : ' maybe I should get some and try it then I can call you and tell you if I like it ' me : ' sure I will ask you about it next time I come in ' her : ' perfect ' .... akward but totally hilarious 
had fun last night taking pics w/ me madre for the no h8 campaign .... 
ok so went on yet another date .... and well lets just say there is def no attraction there ... kinda sad but friends are good ..... no use in settling for something just so so right ? 
it's better to live ur own < PROPFEMALE > imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection 
what's ur word ? I think mine is STRIVE . 
victory ! 
I miss u 
see it feels bad now but it's gonna get better someday 
' in the wild struggle for existence , we want to have something that endures , and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts , in the silly hope of keeping our place . ' 
so I think a house is closing 
I love you like a fat kid loves cake :) ... 
amazing .... 
just got back from a two hr bike ride .... i don't think I can walk . I don't remember it being this hard maybe it's the heat ! It's still 107 . 
I hate doctors ... :( 
RAIN :) 
sick of right winged christan crazies .... islamic people died that day too ... people that are americans and people that worked in those buildings . Hear is my plan/theory : if it doesn't directly involve you and unless you are asked leave ur crazy opinions to yourself 
I attended a full days worth of class :) granted it was the first day and I only have two classes and I was late to the first but still 
has amazing friends ..... feels so loved . 
i am sooooooo frustrated with ASU right now I could scream . Blackboard just went down in the middle of a timed quiz . Ask me how happy that makes me ? 
some dumb chick just ashed her cig over the staris while walking down and my my face ended up taking a hot ash so I waited at the level for her asked to bum a cig and her lighter then threw them both in the garbage and told her until she learned smoking manners I didn't think she should be smoking . She then call me a bitch as I left walking over to my car . I feel better but my cheek actually hurts a little . 
had an amazing day/evening with my bestie Myshell ..... i love Bangali food ! 
So close to VEGAS time I can feel it . And even closer to San < PROPMALE > and some good music ! 
at myshells waiting for yummy dinner .... when will the sun go down 
I look over and he is playing tic tac toe with himselve and Losing ! LMFAO 
off to san < PROPMALE > with me madre ..... excited especially to see the concert ! 
' see like that I just don't know why you would wear something like that unless you are hookin . ' I love my mom ! 
AMAZING ! And seriously hot too . 
cannot believe the ignorance of ppl .... driving home and listening/yelling at talk radio . Aprently everyone shouldn't be upset about the burning of the quran but if ' they ' burned the christian bible everyone would be pised and it would be okay to stop ' them ' 
little boy ' whats raping ' answer ' you know when you are at the store and you ask for a toy and ur mom says no but you take it anyway .. thats raping ' 
passed both test one with an a one with a b .... which is good considering I have only been to 3 of 8 for one and 2 of 6 for the other ... house closes on tues ... and big 21 on wed ... 
days off to a good start 
tomorrow is the big 21 then off to vegas on thur :) 
had an awsome dinner and drinks with a pretty cool group of ppl ... thanks to everyone who came and to everyone who wished me a happy bday . Now it's off to vegas baby and I'm fully prepared with my < PROPFEMALE > pack :) 
busy next few weeks but totally worth it ..... the house has closed :) 
just finished a swim in the pool at my new house :) 
been sitting in traffic for a half hr ... and then I see more fire trucks and cops fly by .... thats not a good sign 
my phone isnt working :( 
I like it in the car 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . Our wish is that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure . They are looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this .... Will you ... make it your status for at least one hour ? 
had a blast at the fair with awsome friends and family 
my fortune cookie : ' be patient ! The great wall didn't got build in one day ' that is priceless :) 
it is soooo gorgous outside .... 80 in dec I'm lovin it :) 
tired of people going out of their way to be nasty ... being gay isn't a crime 
' butcha butcha ' .... lol sure takes me back 
loves the smells of the library 
last night fiddler on the roof w/ mom .... fun times :) 
what a day ... bought a Keurig at half price .... went to go swimming and there was a dead bird eww 
mom to my gf : when is ur birthday ? \ 
gf : october\ 
mom : october when\ 
gf : october 20th\ 
long pause\ 
mom : that's a cold month ..... lol gotta love it 
sometimes when i consider what tremenous consequences come from little things ... i am tempted to think ... there are no little things . 
double ear infection , sinus infection , and strep throat ... There goes my weekend plans 
on another note ... when I get home from the drs ... ( see previous status ) ... my coward of a roommate is in the middle of moving out ... no notice .. no last weeks rent ... no nothing . So now I'm double fucked . 
have to say watching one of my < PROPFEMALE>'s get in trouble my my professor rorally f up one of my tests today was pretty amazing .... does that make me a bad person ? Lol 
trouble in paradise :( 
day of silence 
off to pride :) 
dykes on bikes :) 
GLEE 
food posining :( 
My curfew was the street lights . mom called my name , not my cell . I played outside w/ friends , not online . If I didn't eat what my mom cooked , then I didn't eat . Sanitizer didnt exist , but u COULD get ur mouth washed out w/ soap . I rode a bike w/o helmet , getting dirty was OK , neighbors cared as much as our parents did . I drank water from a garden hose & survived ! I miss those days ... w/ my bff < PROPMALE > Dobbs 
in 29 states you can be refused service if you are gay or lesbian ... that is absolutely obsurd ... guess the saying should be no shirt , no shoes , not straight ... no service 
I'm in the RC :) can't believe how long it has been since I have been home .... its nice ... i leave sun . day to got back to the sun 
picking up my better half at the airport ... cant wait to show all of my favoirte childhood places off :) 
last day in south dakota ... mixed feelings 
ASU won the softball world series :D 
Back to SD tomorrow . Wish it was for a different reason . 
Today was long but it time it will be easier . 
Just finished ring shopping :D now it's pretty much a waiting game 
Dust storm and rain ... Its raining mud . I hate storms :( 
If heaven wasnt so far away ... 
It feels bad now but it will get better someday ... Live that song and fits today perfectly 
Shitty day just got shittier ... Gotta love it . 
One more stomach flu away from my goal weight . 
Thinking how karmic it would have been if one of < PROPFIRST > Brown's harnesses busted and he busted his face . 
i'm 13 weeks and craving skittles 
A sign I'm still not well ... Took me four times to put my shirt on correctly , looks like it's going to be a long day . 
I'm a big girl now ... Just got my own membership to sams :) 
Today , September 10 , 2011 is World Suicide Prevention Day , a subject very near and dear to my heart . \ 
Light a candle near a window at 8 PM , \ 
to show your support for suicide prevention\ 
to remember a lost loved one\ 
and for the survivors of suicide 
F ... Group papers for online classes ! 
omg so today is my first time attending one of my classes and this professor is so dry 
Before u decide to play games u better realize who your playing with . 
Friends are supposed to be there for important moments , but how can they if you don't tell them . Friendship is a two way street . 
Nervous but excited . 
If I prefer speghittos that have fun shapes like < PROPFEMALE > over regular what does that mean ? 
Crazy how life changes . I used to wear shorts when the weather turned 70 . Now I break out a hoodie . 
Officially jobless . And for the most part I couldn't be happier . 
Really enjoyed my evening ... Made me feel better and at the same time sad . In the end it will all work out :) 
There is never a good time to tell someone they are the cause of your current frustrations and that they have hurt you agian .... 
Frustrated that you ask me to be involved but whenever I say anything . The response I get is well that's your opinion . Don't pretend that you want my opinion if it never matters . 
Thought I was doing well , just cried for 40 pages straight ... crazy how books can really connect with you . 
Can't wait to go back home ! Even if I will freeze my ass off . 
Feels better already . 
Some dumbass just backed into the side of my car . Both front and back doors are all dented and scratched . Just my luck . 
Shitty day may be looking up . 
