cant wait for the ravens game sunday !!! 

just finished dinner keepin my grand daughter over night kickin back and relaxing 
starting another day getting ready to wake my grand daughter and get her ready for school . dont know what i would do without my grandkids 
its snowing again i hate snow 
the start of another day . after years of getting up early i cant break the habit . oh well guess i will just drink my coffee and say thanks for another day 
that is one handson little boy . hes gonna be a heart breaker when he grows up . 
today is the day the ravens open that big ole can of whoopass ; My boys are gonna do it . Goin to my Debis so she can put some purple in my hair . Made a bet with my granddsughter so i have to keep my word . But first i have to load up on that morning coffee to get mr startrd 
put purple in my hair in honor of the Ravens . I know they can do it . GO RAVENS 
< PROPMALE > bankowski i screwed up and erased your number send it again please 
hey < PROPFIRST > wheres them redskins oh thats right thry didnt make it to the playoffs 
how did you do that 
me and my beautiful daughters 
the start of another day . waiting for my 5 yr old granddaughter to get here . the ravens tore it up , they need to do it to pittsburg sat . OPEN THAT CAN . 
starting another day . Got my son off to work . got 3 wonderful kids , real blessed . Havent had enough coffee or sleep . 
I see my chidren are up and about . Early birds like thrir momma 
That stuff in Tuson is amess . A church fron Kanas city was goin to come picket those funerals . Said that was Gods way of punished < PROPFEMALE > . The God i know would never condone such behavior in his name . Maybe and god forgive me somebodt should do the same to them . My heart goes out to the familys of the victims 
UMMC needs to thank god they didnt cause any damage to my grandson . How can so called Pros be so STUPID 
One more day till the game . I think Baltimore is gonna open a big ole can of whopp ass Ravens style . 
Thats my boy . 
Drinking my purple coffee . Ready for the Ravens to tear it up . Put on your Ravens gear its a purple Saturday . You to < PROPFIRST > , i like your pink cup . 
Gonna go get my muchies for the game . Got faith in my boys 
< PROPFIRST > Im gonna get you . 
gOT MY MUCHIES and my bottle Im good to go . 
ASSHOLES WE SHOULD HAVE HAD THAT GAME 
That game broke mt hrart . I cried purple tears all night 
why is it the refs took our touchdown away after a foul was called but the steelers got to keep thiers even after a foul was called ? THE REFS SUCK 
Phone started going off right after the game and already this morning , gonna be a long day . But I still am a Ravens Fan forever 
Another magic monday , i wish it was sunday lol . Waiting for my < PROPMALE > , no school today . Sponge < PROPMALE > here we come 
I thank the lord for everyday that i wake up . that in its self is a miracle . also people who live in glass houses shouldnt throw stones 
Why do people you dont know send a friend request ? If i dont know you f -- k off . 
That bugs me . Some fool i have never heard of sends me a friend request . Hell i cant even say the name . FYI i am a die hard , all american red neck . So once again F -- k off . 
Guess im gonna go watch < PROPFIRST > cause im bored with this 
Wont be long and my grandson will be home . Gonna have a picture taken of them all plus my kids . 
u all have a good nite now ya hear 
Another day another 25 cents 
Make sure you look over your phone < PROPMALE > . Ours had a $3o x charge . A network , Rash , said we ordered it . NOT . When i was thru with them it was removed . They had no inform on us other then our name and address . They werent as slick as they thought . Read you phone < PROPMALE > , its a scam . 
Been lookin at alot of pics on here n i have to admit for a bunch of 50 n older we dont look bad lmao 
When i die bury me upside down so the world can kiss my butt 
I live in my own little world but its ok , People know me there . lol 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is not a murderer anywher except the football field . The MORON who ran his mouth doesnt have a clue as to what that man is about . He gives back more to bmore then anyone else . Its real funny that he would make his comments on fb wher no one can get to him 
Well the Polar Bear Plunge is almost here again . Anybody out ther gonna brave the cold water this year ? One of my girls says she is . I guess i will have to wait and see . 
At my age ive seen it all , heard it all , done it all . I just cant remember it all . 
I want the steelers to lose so bad i cant stand it . I will be 1 miserable person if they win . 
The steekers won n that sucks . @#*#@#&$@# the Steelers . Its gonna be a shitty day . < PROPFEMALE > , it was great talkin to u . U havent changed either . Told u things that happened would flip u out . LIFE is a ----- n then u die . lol 
As for game requests sent , i dont play any of them . Sorry . 
Why is it no matter how much good u do , people never let u forget ur screw ups n thats what they judge u by . Most of the time its people who have played no < PROPMALE > part in ur life n u havent seen them in years . 
PLEASE , PLEASE NO MORE GAME REQUESTS . I DONT PLAY THEM . 
When i first moved to the shore i got a job tendin bar . i saw a whole lot . consentaneous incest . made me sick . blew my mind . then i remembered a time when i saw it in baltimore . Hell no not me . so a word to the wise . SAY ONE MORE WORD ABOUT ME OR MY BROTHER AND I PROMISE U I WILL TELL THE WHOLE WORLD WHO U ARE . BACK OFF . 
Snow snow and more snow . Is spring ever gonna get here ? 
What does it mean to be flaged ? 
Ravens fired QB coach < PROPMALE > Zorn , DC Cam < PROPFIRST > is takin over , Maybe he can keep Slacko movin forward . I hate when he runs backward . < PROPMALE > Zorn was fired last year as head coach of the skins . Hmmm should have told them something . 
Lucky u . < PROPFEMALE > County has a half day . That is a a pain . Its ok . TGIF 
< PROPFEMALE > says hi to all the people she knew in Lakeland . Specially < PROPFIRST > , Marv , < PROPMALE > , and both Dannys . 
If my comments offended u well thats just to bad . The truth hurts huh . Should have kept ur mouth shut and left the past in the past . If you think it bothers me that u and yours blocked me , please . So now just leave it alone . 
You all have a safe Friday night 
Thinking bout the fun years at the Hollinswood , gotta laugh , we were a mess . Wanna have another reunion like we used to . If anyone is interested let me know . We could have it at my house , i live on a acre and a half so there is plenty of room . Got s pool table , horseshoes . we could do crabs , < PROPFIRST > luvs to go crabbing . Think about it and let me know . Would luv to see u all 
Just want to give my brother < PROPFIRST > his due . I don : t tell u enough how much i luv and respect u . I : m so proud of u and what u have done with ur life . You\re the best . Keep on keepin on . " 
Anyone know what time n channel the pro bowl comes on tomorrow ? 
We have all lost people who meant the world to us . Some were very young and some not so young , but the pain is still the same They all hold a piece of our hearts . Hold the memories near n dear n you will never lose them . They are in a far better place . I believe they watch over us . Whole lot of guardian angels . 
< PROPFEMALE > Q WHERE ARE YOU ? 
The Pro bowl came sucked . I liked the comment Billick made tho , \ If i had hah 1 of these QB I ;d still be coachin \ " . Imagine that . We all knew Boller was worthless . Now if Slacko would only get it right . Ravens r gonna do it next year . " 
Would like a little input : if u knew of an event , but not the where or the when , and u weren\t invited woild u try to attent . " 
Makes no sense , its rainin a little so they make school 2 hrs late . These poor kids r gonna end uo goin to school half the summer . Last wk they closed school early just cause they called for snow . We didn\t get any till that night . How dumb !!!!!! " 
Good mornin < PROPFEMALE > Q 
laugh for the day : Got a phone call sayin i won $ 950,000 . BUT i needed to send them $1500 for taxes . Gee i thought taxes on that would be alot more . LMAO 
Dreamed i really did win #950 , 000 . BOY , what i could do with that . 
Good mornin world . Lack of sleep makes me giddy . Havent had enough coffee . Gonna fix that 
My daughter has been tryin to enroll my granddaughter in ND for almost 2 wks now . These people dont have a clue as to what they r doin . They call her n tell her 1 thing n call me n tell me another . Finally i told them , U need to figure out what ure doin and make up ur mind , Ready to go off on em . NO < PROPFEMALE > i wasnt nasty . 
For those that have a mother , tender her with care for u do not know her value till you see her vacant chair !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another sleepless night . I hate that !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Go Packers . First quarter 14 to 3 . Kick them Steelers butt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy days the Steelers lost , YES . More then made my day 
Its so hard to lose a loved one . It seems unfair that God takes them away . Their pain is over , for the ones left behind its just begining . God works in mysterious\ 
ways . Find solace in the fact that you will be together again one day . You cant see them but they are still with you , watching over you . 
You never know when uou are goin to lose a loved one . It can happen in the blink of an eye . Dont live with regrets , the i should haves , i could haves , Make peace with your family and friends now before its to late . Only God has the right to judge . Dont be one of those people that cant and wont forgive . Give your loved ones a < PROPMALE > and let it go . Let bygones be bygones . If God can be so forgiving why cant we . 
Fixed my son anice lunch , homemade beef stew and fresh baked bread , plenty of fruit and of course tasty cakes and choc pudding . He works hard and out in the cold so i want him to eat good . A little taste of momma luv . Hes a great . young man and he deserves it . 
Yesterday they found a man guility of killin a cop in Delaware . In Baltimore it happens alot but here on the shore its very rare . I hope they fry the sucker . the bible says an eye for an eye . Most households here have guns and they arent afaird to use them . I would have no problem if some fool tried comin in my house . IF he got past my dog and i dont see that happenin I\d put a bullet in him quick " 
Been trying to get something straighten out with thr mva for almost 2 years . I have talked to god knows how many people and each one told me somrthing different . I have a notebook full of people i have talked to , the times , the dates and what they said . AMAZING . Today i finaly almost have it resolved . 
I smile because they are my children , I laugh because there\s nothing they can do about it !!!! LMAO " 
Went outside to get my paper at 5am , the sky was so lite up with stars it was amazing . dont see that much on the western shore . Another reason why i like small town life 
A little while ago i was online and somehow some one hacked in and turned the computer off . My phone rang and dam if it wasnt some fool again sayin i won money , Microsoft then put a thing on the screen sayin i was hacked and they didnt know who it was or how they did it . Of course the call was blocked . If i find out who it is and where they are God help them 
My < PROPMALE > shepard is very protective , Knows who he likes and who he dont , there is a certain somebody he dont like . When this person was outside today and my daughter and granddaughter were out there he was all up in the window watchin every move they made . He wanted outside so bad he was crying . I wanted to let him out so bad . He stayed at that window till my girl got in her car and left . 
Just came home from havin a steam shrimp dinner , mmnnnnn so good 
< PROPFEMALE > , my first grand baby . You are not a baby anymore . Mom mom loves you , HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
And to all a good nite 
Happy Valentines Day to my beautiful children , grand babies and my future sons in law . I love you all so very much . You are the best things i ever did in my life 
the best Valintines present of all ; The love of ur man ur children and all ur family . What eslse could u ask for . All those hearts . 
I hate nights like this . Been up since 2:30 am . Gonna be a long day 
My grandson and granddaughters are the most beautiful in the world to me 
Another day up at 3am . i guess i'm just so used to it . for me sleepin til 6am is sleepin in . wonder why i go to bed early lol . 
I f my kids would cooperate 1 day i could have my own football team lol . 
Why do people bother acceptin a friend request if they r not gonna bother to answer a message hmmmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yesterday 1 of my 5yr old grandbabies was bouncing off the walls , literaly . Couldn't figure out why . Today i went lookin and she had found her sisters < PROPFEMALE > stash . Today i found it and put it up . Shes in for a surprise lol 
Last night i opened a big ole can of whoop ass at pool , Baltimore style . YES !!! 
If u send me a game request and i dont respond its because i dont play them . I'm not igorning you 
I was brought up to believe that a man should not put his hands on a woman but ........ if a woman is man enough to hit aman like a man then she better be prepared to get hit back 
Gonna make a big pot of lima bean soup today , perfect food for cold weather . My family loves it 
Had 3 people call yesterday and ask if we wantta to go out . Still wasnt feelin up to par so i said no . Now im bored and wish i had went lol . Sorry bout my luck . 
FOR THE VERY LAST TIME . I DO NOT PLAY ANY GAMES ON HERE . I HAVE THEM ALL BLOCKED 
Adios my friends 
Gonna be another one of those days 
Just had a great breakfast , steak eggs n homefries . Hit the spot !!!! 
I smile because their my kids , I laugh because theirs nothing they can do about it lmao . 
Dinner n dishes done . My sons lunch for tomorrow is ready , his dinner is in the microwave , coffee pot set for the morning . Damn i\m on a roll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
Goin to see another specialist , startin to hate doctors !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dinner done , fried chicken , now just sit back n take it easy for the rest of the evenin 
My girls got attitude , gee wonder where they got it from lmao 
Is it time for bed yet ? 
Gotta go try n find my son , i mean dog . See ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wELL I GOTTA GET READY TO GO TO THE MUSKRAT SKINNIN CONTEST NO IM NOT JOKIN . HEY ITS THE EASTERN SHORE !! 
Today is the memorial service for < PROPFIRST > Fridley . May he RIP . 
Nothing upsets me more then somebody liyin to me . their are ways to find out the truth . 
wELL mva HERE I COME . This will be interestin to say the least . Good thing < PROPFIRST > has bail money lmao . This will be resolved one way or the other today . 
Hello world , how the hell are ya ? lol 
Well my bff is here visiting . Got a lot to catch up on and till monday to do it . 
had a great time with my bff . Shes goin home today , boo hoo . Gonna do it again soon 
Hello people , how the heck r u ? LOL 
Sometimes you have to stop and smell the roses . Give thanks for what you have instead of worryin about what you dont . Material things will never make up for the smiles your loved ones give you just because or that warm glow you get when one of your kids tell u how much they love you . Take a minute to say thank you lord for what i do have . 
Not in the mood for people bein stupid . 
Am i the only person offended by comments and language used on this < PROPFEMALE > . My 12 yr old grand daughter reads this crap and i dont like it . Arent there any other parents or grand parents pissed off at this crap . If this is what face book is about i dont want any part of it !!!!!! 
When its my time to go my loved ones will have the things i want them to have . its all written down and i trust my wishes to be followed . If they start fightin im comin back and hauntin em . As mean as i am now i could get em good then lmao 
Instead of the NFL owners doin a lock out or the players goin on srick the fans should go on strick . With out us none of them would have anything . No football would break my heart but how much money do these people need ? 
God help me , the things my son says . Gonna drive me crazy or to drink not quite sure which u little brat lol 
March 12th 1971 the day my world stopped . Love and miss u forever 
The God that i know is all lovin and forgivin . Hes not a venful god or a hatin one . He loves each and everyone of us . 
NFL OWNERS LOCKOUT : NO FOOTBALL . come on now they dissolves fball union . FANS STRICK BACK > Its time the fans let them know what we want and WE WANT A FOOTBALL SEASON . REPOST let them know we are not putting up with this . Without us , the fans they dont have anything 
Just the thought no football boy now i am depressed 
Braggin Rights : My wonderful son cooked us a nice dinner thursday night 
Off to shoot some pool 
Went out for a while last night . Watched these young hoppers on the dance floor and almost rolled . Where do they get this stuff from lol . I must be gettin old 
Nothin goin on here . Just finished watchin Brue < PROPMALE > movie THE KINAPPER really good movie .. Now < PROPFIRST > Foxx movie 
I have the bestest kids in the world !!!!!!! lol . They know i love em more then anything on gods green earth . They r respectful , loving , and kind . U kids are wonderful 
Mr Fidorko was my 4th grade teacher , Piledgeii was the vice princable up that high school and he hated me cause i was a Kiser . I gave him a run for his money tho lol . Tormented that man every < PROPMALE > i got lmao . 
Went grpcery shoppin , did some laundry , some housework cooked dinner now gettin ready to do dishes and i am done . Doctor tomorrow , be glad to get this crap over . They want to do more surgery but i dont think im gonna let them 
Grandchildren are Gods cpmpensation for getting old . 
You are lucky in your lifetime if you find a true friend , i\m not talking about an acquaintance but a friend . Some one who accepts you for yourself and never judges . sticks by you thru thick and thin . Doesnt have a problem with being honest with you no matter what . Someone you can trust your life to . Do you have any FRIENDS ? " 
GOD < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i can not change , courage to change those i can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Happy St Paddys day 
When i was younger i was strong and healthy . I thought i was indestructible . I really didnt take good care ofmyself and now its coming back to haunt me . I dont consider myself old by any means . Take care of yourselfs now and it will pay you back tenfold in the future . 
My daughter is pickin out her bridesmaid dresses today . I cant be there . Have fun girls I\m thinking of u . " 
Been up for awhile and bored so i decided to look at the pics my kids had on here lmao . They are more like their mother then they know lol . A little rowdy but not to much . They enjoy life , have fun but dont try to hurt anyone . I sure get a kick out of the things they do . There is nothing that they could do that would make me love them any less . I DONT JUDGE THEM NO MATTER WHAT . keep on keepin on . 
Kids say the funniest things , My granddaughter < PROPMALE > looked at the I.V. in my arm and asked what was wrong with my arm , I said its not my arm , she said \ well whose arm is it\ " LMAO " 
Doctors do not know everything . If you know something is not right with you and they try to blow you off . DON : T GIVE UP !! If you have to find another Doctor and another till they get it right . You know your body and you know when something is not right . Be persistent and dont give up . One of them might actually listen 
When a loved one passes we are so sad . You miss them so much it hurts . I truly believe that they watch over us . There are signs that let you know . Say i\m crazy or whatever but i know this is true . The thing that helps is knowing that that person isn\ " t sufferin anymore . Knowing that they are waiting for you on the other side . Watching out for you still . Some love never dies . " 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL GRANDDAUGHTER RAELYN . LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > 
I AM SO BORED IT'S DRIVIN ME CRAZY . TIRED OF TV , TIRED OF READIN GOT TO FIND SOMETHIN TO GET INTO 
ALL THE GOOD ACTORS , ACTRESSES AND ALOT OF THE GOOD MUSICIANS ARE GONE . THE END OF AN < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > CASH WAS THE MAN SO WAS WYLAN JENNINGS BUT WE STILL GOT < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > TOFFERSON , AMONG A VERY FEW . WHAT ABOUT ROCKIN < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > WHO PUTS ON A GREAT CONCERT BY THE WAY , < PROPMALE > SEGER , BAD COMPANY DOES MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG ' SHOOTIN < PROPFEMALE>' . 
For some reason it wont ley me comment on ur link . Told u that phone was trash . Free huh 
My grand daughter < PROPMALE > doesnt get rattled very easy . Yesterday my IV started bleedin and she was the only other person here . She didnt get upset at all just did everything i told her and helped me stop it . She\s only 5 years old . Dont know what i would have done without her . " 
You knowi\m bored when i start playin stupid Truth game on here lmao . " 
Ok gonna try to do a little housework . I\m movin pretty slow so this could take a little while . My house isnt dirty just a little messy " 
This question game is the same as all the others . What do i do with myself now lol . I reas the paper n finished a book , had my coffee . Cant\ do much around the house cause my son is still asleep . The next 5 weeks are goin to be very long !!!!!!!!! " 
The nurse comes today , has to take blood , blood and more blood . Gotta do what i gotta do so i can get better . 
DONT FORGET TODAY IS NO GAS DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GO O\S . First time we had a decent team in years . You think maybe < PROPMALE > will be another < PROPMALE > Weaver . Take us to the top " 
If the fed goverment shuts down those dummies in DC shouldnt get a dime . In fact they should be the ones takin the first paycuts . Not the workin people . They make way to much money anyway . Instead of cuttin programs that people need cut their pay . There wouldnt be a deficit if they weren\t so damn greedy " 
U all should check out the pictures of our troops if u cant see them here go to my wall 
Check out the site OPERATION STAND BY MY MAN SUPPORT OUR TROOPS 
Please check out this site OPERATION STAND BY MY MAN 
I still say < PROPFEMALE > is the greatest country in the world n I wouldn\t live anywhere else . Of course our goverment needs a complete overhaul but I AM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN " 
I dont like it when one of my kids get sick . I\d rather it be me . " 
You have been sneakin n peekin . You no who u are . Do u really think i'm stupid enough to put her n I's private conversations on here DUMMY . GET A LIFE . 
When i die bury me upside down so the whole world can kiss my ass !! But why wait , they can kiss my ass now !!!!! 
R.I.P. my beautiful sister < PROPFEMALE > . 4-17-08 Gone but never forgotten 
HAPPY EASTER 
If you dont want the truth then dont ask for it !!! 
I'm not hard to get along with , DO WHAT I SAY , WHEN I SAY , HOW I SAY AND WE'LL GET ALONG JUST FINE . 
My life is far from perfect but it's still mine . I would not trade it for someone elses . Sure i've screwed up , BIG TIME , but they are my screw ups . I learned from each and every mistake . My happiness has to come from me . I cant leave it to someone else . If i'm not happy with myself who else can be happy with me . 
Surgeon today . I want it done yesterday . IV comes out friday It's been a long 6 weeks . This has been goin on for 9 months . I'm ready for it to be over . 
