is tired of messing around with this stupid house hunting BS 

FINALLY GOT A HOUSE AN ALMOST MOVED IN !!!!! 
does not want to go to TCC tomorrow .............. 
Is a wind on a deep lake 
' s Gov calss is the most boring class he has ever taken in life ...... so far ..... 
totally forgot to study for his gov class .... but i've got a feeling i'll be ok .... i hope 
knows that < PROPFEMALE > Sullivan has Loco Legs ........... Don't ask 
has found the beauty and evil of Evony ....... 
I am going to make blue , all over your penguin ......... 
Mmm Hot Chocolate .... :D 
Is having a lot of trouble deciding weather it will be worth writing a term paper for gov class that is only worth half of what a test is worth ...... 
HAS FINISHED HIS TERM PAPER FOR HISTORY !!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHAH 
I now know the difference between Jelly , Jam , and Preserves 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday !! 
Just found out that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I share the same Birthday 
My car hates me , and i hate it . I think things are going well . 
Consecotaleophobia- the Fear of\ 
chopsticks ..... But i have a better one yet :D Barophobia- the Fear of gravity ... oh yeah . 
There's nothing worse than getting a mosquito bite in ur bellybutton ..... Not on , not around , IN . INSIDE MAH BELLAHBUTTAHN !!!!! It's Driving me insane !!!! Just thought I would let everyone know . You know i vowed to never post unimportant messages on facebook but I think I just broke that vow . Boredom and bellybutton itch are cruel mistresses .... 
is very tired of the rest of his summer being planned out before him . 
Age\ 
4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t \ 
really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom \ 
doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know \ 
about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what\ 
... Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my ... Mom about \ 
this . Post this if you have , or had , the best Mom in the world ! 
Friendship is like a brick . You can build a house , or you can sink a body ... 
Yesterday\ 
is History , Tomorrow is a Mystery , But Today is a Gift . That's why they\ 
call it the present . - Master Uguay , \Kung Fu Panda \"" 
Why Dogs are better than Cats : \ 
::D ogs try to understand every word you say , Cats take a nap . \ 
\ 
:: When you come home from work , the dog is pleased to see you . The cat is still cross with you for leaving in the first place . \ 
::D ogs will come when you call them . Cats will have someone take a message , and get back to you later . \ 
::D ogs will wake you up if the house is on fire . Cats will sneak quietly out the back door . 
Just realized how much of a nerd I really am . I'm watching a Gaming tournament as if it were football ..... BLIZZCON 2010 !!!!! LONER ALL THE WAY !!!! 
Someday , we'll look back on this weird event , laugh nervously and change the\ 
subject ... 
Ah , women . They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent . 
The problem with today is : They just won't let you load the boys ( and girls ) up in the boat and sail down the coast to burn someone's damn village down . 
Homework . Sucks . 
Fight Child Abuse !! Replace your profile picture with a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6 . Take a stand in the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status and invite all your friends to do the same 
Public Service Announcement !!! Capitalization is very important when constructing a sentence . The point is for clarity and understanding . So , in a nutshell : Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse , and helping your uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse ...... see the difference ? :-P 
TRANS-SIBERIAN ORCHESTRA !!!!! 
A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children , while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time , and more often than not , investing their own money for ... your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if you are a teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate a teacher . 
I have a cat that needs a home , she's a good cat , calico , she has mostly been an outside cat . she is 2-3 years old and needs a loving family . Please call me or send me a message if you or someone you know would like a cat . 
There is an ocean of difference between decisions made for the sake of rationality and decisions made out of fear for what may come after . 
Dutch is hard ... 
Why is it a majority of European languages require some sort of rolling of the r's in a word ? Because I can't really roll my r's and I plan to learn that Majority . I guess I'll just have to get creative . 
I still have a cat that needs a home . Between 2-3 years old , she is a calico and needs a loving family . Please comment or message me if you or someone you know would like a cat . 
Well unfortunately I am still looking for a new owner for my cat , please , please , please , could someone take my poor cat ? The previous possible owner is having some family issues and is unable to take the cat so , anyone ? anyone at all ? 
