Hello 2010 Goodbye 2009 

hi mom 
I am just hanging out on the computer . 
i will and today i got up at the right time for school 
hi 
< PROPFEMALE > 
hi\\ 
turkey for me and turkey for you in my big brown by < PROPFIRST > sandler 
Reminder Poeple who watch MONK Remember to watch it on friday it is a great show 
People who don't know at my mom's we have a new puppy named < PROPFIRST > bova 
REMINDER : PEOPLE YOU HAVE TO WATCH MONK FRIEDAY OK PEOPLE 
< PROPFEMALE > cooperstien 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! HAVE A GREAT 2010 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
People who are my friends please check out my links some of them are cool and some are really boring . 
Midnight Madness 
Today is my birthday !!!!!!!!! I am turning 12 ........................ That is so cool isn't my friends ...................... 
Guess what I am getting a cellphone tommor . 
I got my cellphone everybody . I am so happy right now . I got my hair done to and it looks good . 
Yesterday I saw The Last Song . It was so sad and I cried . 
Do You Guys Like My Hair This Way .. 
I just finish my homework 
Today Is My Chorus Concert .... 
I am wearing silly bands on my arm . 
I am working really hard on my homework right even thought I don't have that much homework . 
Facebook is so much fun . 
Right know I am on youtube and facebook . 
< PROPFIRST > won American Idol ! Feel sad for < PROPMALE > because he is not doing American Idol anymore . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
I am having a great summer . How are my friend's summer going ? 
I am going on a cruise tommor . I am so happy ! I am going to miss everyone ! I will tell everyone about the cruise to Canada . 
The VMA's ( Video Music Awards ) is tonight ! I am so excited to watch it ! Anyone who is going to watch please say something or type something . 
I can't wait till the Big brother finally ! 
Now that Big Brother is over , I will be watching Survivor and Glee . When American Idol comes on I will be watching that too . 
I need more pictures of me , my doggie , friends and me , reandom things , and stuff . I realy want a camera for my birthday or for Hanukkah ........... 
My mom straigten my hair .... It is so soft and cute . I love it ! My hair is so long . 
I went to pets mart today . Mom and I brought < PROPFIRST > our dog dog food , a new colar , and a new leash . 
I had to go to Hebrew school today . Now I am at home and i'm really bored . 
I went to pets mart today to work with the cats there for my Bat Mitzvah Project . I was learning what to do for the cats . I have to play with the cats , feed the cats water and food , and a bunch of other stuff . 
Doing a video chat - click the link to join --> http://tinychat.com/aerogurl 
The dance is today ! Who is going to the dance ? I am going to the dance . 
I went to the dog park with my mom and my doggie Sandy . There were so many cute dogs there big and small . 
Hey check out this vid chat room - http://tinychat.com/aerogurl 
Halloween is coming up ! I am so excited ! < PROPFEMALE > Braynen is going trick-or-treating with me for Halloween . I am going as a hippie for Halloween . What are people doing for Halloween ? If you are going trick-or treating , what are you going as ? I am going to get lots and lots of < PROPFEMALE > on halloween night . On TV there has been somethinng called Fear Fest and its basically all horrow movies for Halloween . 
Yesterday was Halloween ! Me and < PROPFEMALE > Braynen got lots of < PROPFEMALE > . I was a Hippie for Halloween and < PROPFEMALE > was a Halloween Cheerleader ! < PROPFEMALE > and I went from my neighborhood to Dartmunth Woods to trick-or-treat . One house gave out reases chips and popcorn but me and < PROPFEMALE > choose chips and reases . Then one other house gave out just gave out pretzels . Most of the houses gave out < PROPFEMALE > . 
So broad ! Help ! 
My Bat Mitzsvah is March 19 ! I have some people on my list who I want to invite . If I forgot or didn't put your name on the list , Please like this post and post a comment if you want to come to my Bat Mitzsvah ! 
My Bat Mitzsvah is March 19 ! I have some people on my list who I want to invite . If I forgot or didn't put your name on the list , Please like this post and post a comment if you want to come to my Bat Mitzsvah ! :) ,,,.,. 
Please suggest a song for my top 10 rating list of songs and who there by ! 
I saw the school play ( Wizard Of Oz ) and it was great ! < PROPFEMALE > Braynen and < PROPFEMALE > O'Brien you both were really good in the play and everybody else who was in the play were great to ! The school play rocked ! 
Thanksgiving is tommor ! I get to have two Thanksgiving , ones tommor and the other one is Friday . I am thankful for my friends , my family , my pets , peace , love and happiness . 
Thanksgiving is today ! I want some turkey ! 
We are going back to school tommer ! Thanksgiving weekend is over ! I don't want to go back to school tommer ! I am Really bored So Please Text me ! 
Hanukkah starts Wednesday and I am really excited ! 
Hanukkah starts tomorrow and I am really happy 
Hanukkah starts Today ! 
hey ! The Chorus Concert is tonight ! 
The Snowflake Formal Dance is tonight , I am so excited ! 
TEXT ME ! TeXt Me ! Text me ! text Me ! text me ! Text Me please peoples ! If you don't have my number , please ask , u don't have to 
Happy New Years ! Happy New Years to all my friends and family . 
In all some episodes like CSI , and NCIS have goood seansons were there the same people and the next couple seasons they put new charcters which makes a little mad and sad IDK why but it just does . 
Hi Peoples ! I am selling Girl Scout Cookies , they are $3.50 a box . If you would like to buy some cookies please post on my wall or talk to me in school which ones you want ! The Cookie Choices are Thanks-A-Lot cookies , Shout Out Cookies , Lemonades Cookies , Shortbread Cookies , Thin Mints Cookies , Peanut Butter Patties Cookies , Caramel deLites Cookies , and Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies . 
Watching American Idol the Season starts 
American Idol is on tonight again 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hey everybody ! If your in girl scouts , The Father and Daughter Dance is tonight . I am typing this from my I Touch which was a gift from my dad and step mom for my birt 
Hey everybody ! If your in girl scouts , The Father and Daughter Dance is tonight , so wear the shirts we made for the dance . I am typing this from I Touch , which was a gift from my dad and step mom for my Birthday/Bat Mitzvah . I had so much at my Bat Mitzvah . Thank you , for those who had gone to my Bat Mitzvah . If you came to my Bat Mitzvah , Did you have fun . Please answer and reply , and don't forget to comment . 
< PROPMALE > Zinner's 
< PROPMALE > Zinner's Bat Mitzvah Today/Tonight . 
