is floating to sleep on a pink cloud . 

is totally beat . 
is really stressed out . 
just bought a 7 lb lobster for Father's Day . Good day . 
today is a good day in the life of < PROPFIRST > . 
is on a no-carb , no-fat diet . 
just got back from Rhode Island , and boy is he tired . 
is back in the cycle . 
just had sweet , tender BUFFALO sirloin briquettes marinated in teriyaki sauce and it was delicious ! 
just saw 131 lighting bolts on his drive from Jersey City to Philadelphia . It was kinda scary but definitely very exciting . 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter with < PROPFEMALE > for her birthday ! 
is going to sleep finally ! 
is all kinds of loneliness today 
is moving to Jersey City on Monday . 
is making a fat-free , sugar-free diet vanilla cheesecake . < PROPFEMALE > ( of course ) gets the honor of trying my questionably delectable , technologically-enhanced confection . :-D 
Aw , thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! I had an awesome weekend and wish I could've seen you all . :: Hugs :: 
they're gonna put down my doggie . this is our last night together . I wanna just die . 
I'm not taking losing my car very well 
Rest in peace Marek . 
went to Raystown Lake this weekend for a vacation and came back with a JOB OFFER ! 
I start my first day on the job tomorrow . Wish me luck . 
well , first day at work was fun , but what the hell am I doing with my life ? ... ugh . 
nothing gold can stay 
the ego is the path to suffering . I will transcend the limitations of self . 
I love my life and everyone in it . It just saddens me there are people I'll never get a < PROPMALE > to fully know . 
I don't want to move . :-( 
Halloween Parade ! 
< PROPFIRST > Prajna Paramita , the generosity of wisdom 
well , my WoW account got hacked . My gold is gone and my characters are all naked !!! ahhh 
is going to watch Avenue Q for Christmas !!!!! 
Aw thanks everyone ! You guys are the best . 
is in SO much pain . 
Well , physical therapy it is then 
Well , I'm bored with my life . I guess I should go to medical school . 
I love my life , and all the people in it . << GROUP HUGZ >> 
omg get me out of here . Forky , I hate you ! I am so bored ! 
