is totally communicative ! 

can now make Swedish Tea Ring . It involves letting the dough rise TWICE . So , I am learning < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loves the thunderstorms ! 
has suddenly become addicted to eating toasted bagels slathered in butter AND peanut butter . Oh the shameful joy . 
is building a fence at her dad's! 
is in the pit for the Met Ballet . See you tomorrow at 5:30 at the Lake < PROPFEMALE > Bandshell for some summer music fun ! 
Next KSO FREE concert is at the Lake Como Pavilion . 7:00 , Sunday August 16th . Be there or be square ! 
is roasting a chicken tonight ! With potatoes , green beans , salad , and good times ! Plus baking her own dinner rolls . < PROPFEMALE > ha ! 
Update on dinner last night : The rolls were really wacky , man . 
is sawing boards 
can't wait to eat ham and cheese casserole ! 
' s fingers are sore . Practicing for Wednesday ... Goltermann and La Foi ? The Swan ? Bach Unaccompanied ? What to play when you're < PROPMALE > but want to sound good ? 
is FIRED UP ! READY TO GO !!! Let's make health care reform happen . It's time to care ! 
Wants the headache to go away < whine > 
is short of breath 
has something in her eye . 
was amazed ! 
' s tank top doesn't quite reach the top of her pants any more . Foo . 
wonders why some people are compelled to LICK THEIR FINGERS TO TURN PAGES . Not only is it gross , it is unnecessary . This amazing thing called FRICTION works great too ! And haven't you heard of GERMS ?! Knock it off already !!! 
It was the one subject which enabled him to forget himself , or allowed him , rather , to remember himself without constraint , because he was at home in it and could assert a superiority that there were few to dispute . 
is crafty ! 
is about to have the Nutcracker stuck in her head for another week ... 
is baking cupcakes . All day ! 
Wore herself out baking cupcakes and had to take many naps . 
feels so domestic ~ I made a crock pot pot roast today and had a sit-down meal and everything ! 
is content to know she can still walk 3 < PROPMALE > at a time . Hooray for the Reindeer Run ! 
is playing the Nutcracker tonight ! And tomorrow ! Sigh . At least there's Pas de Deux ... 
woke up desiring cinnamon rolls . As they didn't magically appear at her whimsy , she indulged in baking a couple of cinnamon roll rings . Several hours later , satisfaction achieved . 
is on vacation !... that isn't paid ... because she works for the government ... dang . It's still 2 weeks I don't have to get up early ! Woot ! 
has a stupid cold . 
finds it difficult to eat 2 eggs every day . Gross , unappetizing , yucky eggs . You and your \vitamins\ " and your \ " protein\ " can go suck it ! " 
has never enjoyed having other people touch her stomach so very much ! 
Since when is bedtime before 10 o'clock ? Yeesh . 
loves the feeling of a clean house and checking chores off the list ! 
loves you guys !!! MWAH !!! 
is on cloud nine 
is nesting ! 
wonders why the floor is so darn far away these days ... can't ... quite ... reach ...! 
IS FINALLY FREE !!! Eeeeeeeee ! Hooray for maternity leave !!! 
hems and haws , drinks warm milk , plays sudoku , ponders how to overcome insomnia . Not a fight I seem to be winning . 
ponders : what difference 5 days at this point ? It's not like I've been pregnant for , let's see , 264 days ( give or take ! ) now . Argh !!! 
Guess what ? Today I had ... Eggs < PROPMALE > . Not * quite * a baby ! 
No baby yet . Apparently I am a comfortable incubator ! 
Ok , still no baby , but I am definitely no longer comfortable ! Zoiks ! 
Apparently all I had to do is complain . That , and a good night's rain/thunderstorm . It's still slo-mo , but I'm happy for any action ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > arrived Friday morning at 5:52 ! And yes , she was born under water !!! We're all home now and so thrilled to have our darling little girl ! So very grateful for all the love and support everyone !!! 
is surprised being a 24-hour on-demand milk machine can take so much energy ! Somebody find me more food ! And sleep !!! 
is gradually getting the < PROPFEMALE > of this ... 
... or maybe not . 
You know you're a breastfeeding mother when your only , overarching , desperate fashion requirement is the ability to flash your boobies without removing your shirt . 
wants everything she can't have ... a full night's sleep , a truckload of chocolate , and a 24-pack of real Cokes . And a boatful of ice cream , and a magic bathroom-cleaning < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Mother's Day all you mommas !!! It's amazing how much you appreciate ' em once you are one !!! xoxo 
believes playing on the internet is better than eating , or sleep , or cleaning house ... 
actually made her own granola and is eating a parfait while the little one sleeps . Amazing ! 
is apparently addicted to granola , fruit and yogurt parfaits ! Who knew ? But this is such a delicious food !!! 
is not allowed to shop at Creative Kidstuff any more . I ban myself for egregious levels of covetation . Oh temptation , thy name is < PROPFEMALE > la Giraffe . 
may ask herself , where is her mind ? She should be in sleeping right now ! Go to bed !!! 
felt a little over-accessorized on the walk today . Baby in bjorn in the front , backpack in the back , dog on the left , phone on the right . Sheesh ! 
is going back to work . Feels a little early , but at least it's only a few hours a few nights a week ! Also , is it normal to miss your baby even if it's only for four hours a night ? And to interrogate whoever was with her , even if it's your husband ?! 
is pumping at 4:30 in the morning . This , or swim in milk for sleep . Why didn't I have twins ??? 
Where did I put that PAUSE button ??? 
is typing one-handed . 
has decided nap trumps jog . 
Go . To . BED !!! 
Drank the milk . Yes , really . Aaaannnndddd ... it kind of tastes like rice milk ! 
Went for a walk today . And that's my accomplishment ! Sheesh . Also , annoyed that it's still hard . 3.5 months post-partum and I'm not back to tip-top shape ?! Unbelievable . 
You may have tangible weath untold ;\ 
Caskets of jewels and coffers of gold , \ 
Richer than I you can never be -- \ 
I had a mother who read to me . \ 
~ Strickland W . Gillilan 
is happy ! 
She's fussing so furiously with her thumb in her mouth and her eyes closed , but it's so hard to just leave her in the crib crying ! Yet less than thirty seconds after I leave the room , she's conked out . Sheesh ! 
Hooray for almost a century ( 90 years ) of women's right to vote ! Go 19th Amendment ! And thank you to all the women who've gone before me to make sure my life is my own and not owned by men ! 
survived her baby's first fever ! 
why is the ratio of fun-sized twix eaten in direct correlation with lateness to bed ?!?! 
will be playing in a wedding in 2 days and has been practicing in front of the smiling baby for months . Hey if < PROPFEMALE > likes it , it can't be that bad , can it ? 
can't concentrate . Go brain , go !!! 
has suddenly become interested in crocheting again . I think I want to make all my yarn into string babies . 
today is a tough one . Really , really tough . 
Getting past tough . Just can't wait until we find out about the dang house ! I can't stand it ! 
it is so pretty outside . 
and < PROPFEMALE > made carrot cake today ! < PROPFIRST > was in her moby in the facing out buddha pose , and mommy made sure she smelled all the spices ! It was fun to watch all the mixing and shredding going on ! 
my baby rode in the stroller without the carseat yesterday for the first time ! Woot ! 
likes playing in quartets . 
omg omg omg can not wait but must wait it's too much my head might explode !!! \ 
So instead I am watching \Dexter\ " and eating oranges . " 
The waiting really is the hardest part . Today's procrastination/deflection/attemp t-t o-ignore-the-crazy involved waaaaaay too much internet . 
We're going on over 24 hours in cloth and counting ! Although < PROPFIRST > won't stand for it , he sneaks the disposables on her at night ! Still and all , it's not a bad compromise , right ??? 
EEEEEEEEEEEE !!! Pinch me - my dream is coming true !!!!!! 
Ask and ye shall receive . Got an email coupon yesterday from a company I just placed an order with last week . Called , got 20% refunded ! Woot ! That's not bad for 5 minutes of my time ! 
Am I a nerd just because I like data ? I mean , really , I LIKE like it . I might even LOVE it . Is that so wrong ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is on her blanket , with her head in the middle and toys at the perimeter . Instead of rolling over , she is slowly working her way around in a circle - revolving on her head ! Funny little thing . 
My little chompy is finally cutting her first tooth ! Oh , it's a doozy . Poor baby just can't get comfortable ! 
EEEEE ! < PROPFEMALE > rolled over today ! 23 weeks , 5 days . It was so cute I got all verklempt . 
likes the idea of Once Upon a Child more than the reality of it , but still and all , a very productive morning ! 
Has a half-year old today . Amazing ! 
is almost hyperventilating because she found a Cuisinart sale ! Eeeeee ! 
feels very techmological this afternoon . Thanks for taking a 3-hour nap Sprout ! 
packing , procrastinating , packing , packing , procrastinating ... what was I doing again ??? 
Sooooo much fun to catch up with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Danielson !!! XOXO 
I don't need anything . Except this . Just this ashtray ... And this paddle game . And this remote control . And these matches . The ashtray , and these matches , and the remote control , and the paddle ball ... And this lamp . And that's all I need . The ashtray , the remote control , the paddle game , and this magazine , and the chair ... And I don't need one other thing , except my dog . 
Oh my sweet little baby is reaching the \I'm happy sitting and gurgling and screeching to myself and playing with this thing\ " phase !!! " 
T minus 62 minutes and counting . Trying to breathe . O . M . G !!! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!! 
it is done . We have our house ! 
is now back on the interwebs . Unpacking the house ? Maybe I can find a virtual house to unpack instead ! 
if washing down Dove Caramel Milk Chocolates with egg nog is wrong , then I don't want to be right . 
if < PROPFIRST > is so exhausted after ECFE that she falls alseep in her crib in her boots and jacket , is it wrong to just let her sleep that way ??? 
has decided that babies sleeping in hats is pretty . Darn . Cute . 
has become firmly entrenched in non-profitlandia . More offers to \give to the MAX\ " than I can count ! Good luck raising money worthy do-gooders ! " 
is not getting a lot of sleep lately . Who is hungry at midnight , 3 , 5:30 , and 8 ? Give you 3 guesses ! 
I have given up the cool . Enjoying very much The Sing-Off ! 
Baby CRAWLS !!! 
Tracking mortgage payments online = reality sinking in . So generally speaking , paying $1000 means the amount goes down about $100 a month . What a racket ! 
Magical chore < PROPFEMALE > , I summon thee ! 
What to do with leftover egg whites after you've hard-boiled the eggs to feed your baby the yolks ?! 
Require 4 more hours in day , please . 
The drawback to working out at 9:30 at night is that I am all wired up for hours afterward . But ... my body will thank me ! 
NOOK !!! 
Eeeeeeeeeeeee !!! Feeling so loved !!! <3 <3 <3 \ 
Thank you to all my friends for the well wishes and the LOVE ! \ 
May it come back to you a hundred to the hundreth power !!! 
is adrift in a sea of dependent individuals with colds , teething troubles , exhaustion and the like . And by sea I mean \two\ " . But it ain't easy being the only healthy one ! " 
Spring cleaning time is here-just in time for Neighborhood House’s March food drive ! Clean out your cupboards to donate non-perishable food items to the food shelf ! Contact me and I can pick up your donation . Fight hunger ! 
Cleaning , cleaning , cleaning ( in my mind ) . Procrastinating , procrastinating , procrastinating ( in my reality ) . 
Held a newborn baby today and marveled at how giant her nearly-year-old offspring has become - or how much stronger her upper body muscles have gotten . The newborn was as light as a feather ! 
