Lmao ! People are hilarious at unexpected times-was at work today on cashier and a woman came up to me and stares at me for a minute and asks me if im a model-lmao so random-never heard that b4 ! :D 

So tired and irritated and bored , school needs 2 start so i can hav something else 2 worry about**sarcasm too ... this suks lol 
Been at Lenoir Rhyne all weekend , glad 2 b home 
Senior skip day 2morrow !!!! Lame if you come !!! 
Spirit week's almost over , brother's back in town , busy weekend ahead , ready 4 tha pep rally and tha homecomin game !!!!! Its been a great week !!! :D 
ready for this college fair 2mrw ... or not 
just drank a shitload of coffee cuz i gota turn in a bunch of work for class that i never did 2mrw ... no later than 7:00 AM , that bitch-lol 
had to clean out the pool ... it suks 
definately cout to throw up over this < PROPMALE > and cheese right now-nastiest thing ive ever seen/smelt in my life ! 
Just got back from the Diabetes walk ( barely any1 from key club showd up ! ) and searchn round < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > for costumes ... no such luck 
THUNDER , THUNDER , THUNDERCATS !!! HOOOOOO !!!!! 
... I hate it cuz i have two tickets to the < PROPFEMALE > game tonite and i gta stay home ... wasted 3 ROWS BACK TOO !!!!! 
at winston-salem state now , on facebook lol 
WSSU sucked but the trip was awesome !!! had lots of fun with my people !!! ( lol ) 
tired and need 2 finish my grad proj(procrastination ) 
Just back from syed's , gna mess wit aysha bout her hair again ;D 
Got Assassin's Creed 2 2day on a pre-order and yes ... it is the shit lol Oh and i also caught a bad cold from mai ... yeah ... 
is going freaking insane about a damn videogame !!! lol iv got chills just thinkn about it ! Ubisoft has made my alltime favorite games and Assassins Creed 2 has just knocked off my original fav which i thought was impossible !!! lol completely geeking out right now !!! Best ending to anything ever !!!! 
got back from work just now , I worked kids dep . and sum kid pissed everywhere ! wtf , people need to control their children 
just got back from work , bout 2 finish my product , gotta present 2sday , oh lol , and i found out something interesting about a certain coworker of mine lol ;) 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 48 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !! 
Got a 96 on my GP !!!! Finally Free ! 
yo kimbo slice is the sh*t , he just won the UFC fight and def prove < PROPFIRST > white wrong !!!! lmao that is awesome 
Yo my first full day of work lmao , i was suposed 2 get off at 4 and i stayd till closing ! damn lots of hours ! 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ... 
Twinkle twinkle little bat how i wonder what you're at ... 
Im telln ya i gots mad hours this week , i just offerd 4 a double 2mrw and im up at 930-2 as well as my 5-1030 , hells yea ! fat paycheck next week !!!! 
Each and every man under my command owes me one hundred Nazi scalps . And I want my scalps ! 
An assload of cops around my neighborhood with a helicoptor circln like hell WTF is wrong with some people round Xmas 
got off of work and ready to relax ! 
HAHAHA Happy new years ! im going to work to deal with all the drunks ! fuck yea ! 
what else is in the teaches of Peaches ? 
I cant believe its only 8'o'clock rite now , time goes by so slow when i really need to do something but am tryn 2 put it off for as long as possible lol 
All you need is scented candles , massage oil , and < PROPMALE > White . Write that down . 
Its about upsetting the status quo because the status isn't .. quo ... the world is a mess and i just , need to rule it .... 
Facebooks finally letting me upload my stuff after weeks so here it is , late but not forgotten 
taking a good look at the past , moving on , and embracing the future ! 
Apparently we dont have school 2mrw ! Awesomness 
ARGGHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > WHAT HAPPENED TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WTF why is it snowing ?! its not even that cold out !! 
Lmao im definately a Timelord cuz apparently a Timelord has 4 heartbeats and so do I ! Doctor Who fans ... anyone ? lol 
CRAZIEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN TONIGHT WTF !!! 
this profile stalker thing sucks ass , i never even speak to most of these people let alone on fb lmao 
We can't both become the same-pawn that's made to fall Oil that tastes like blood-stole the summer scent From me to you you're stabbing me through you You're stabbing you through him and betting most of-this wooooorld We'll add enough of the woouooorld ! 
18 2mrw ! Great weekend planned ! Freedom ! 
Got sick 3 hours ago , damn on my bday too , other than that though had a great time at PF Chengs with my family , much love 
Thanks for all the birthday shout outs ! 
Rule 37 . Enjoy the little things 
is just gonna give up now ... 
GREAT NIGHT !!! Lasertag at laserquest( #1 of 15 bitches !!! 508 points ! (ten per kill )) , drvn round havn good time , go to mall saw < PROPFEMALE > nd wonderland ! amazing movie , playtime at sonic , dancng in the car-Hilarious moments with new and old friends !!! 
Sooooo , my crappy phone that's lasted for so long is finally broken , IM GETN AN IPHONE 
I'm armed with pens , and I've got my rhymes Whatever comes , I'll write it down So knock me out and shoot me down With mics in hand , we'll stand against the test of time 
So i got my haircut and it definately looks like my profile pic lol , hopefully i can style it like that myself this time lmao 
Lots of fun today ! Concord Mills with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and DJ , saw Tou Xiong and siblings . She's out of my League is hilarious ! Ate with < PROPFEMALE > and company-happy bday- Niño Frostbitten Bost and < PROPMALE > Doctorado Gonzales crazy fun ! ( seatbelts out to get me ) LMAO 
Spring Fling was badass-had a great time , THE NINJA GAME KICKED ASS ! Great friends , good times , its all you need ! ( < PROPFIRST > you cheated me ARGGGHHHH ! lol jk ) 
Every day , every afternoon , tried so hard but lost to God . I thought you're my friend , I'll guess again , I look to the clouds , God gives me a frown . A smile and a wink , meant more than a kiss , but i dont see the world , like you do girl . Yea this time next year I'll be married this time next year Ill say sorry . But Jesus stole my girlfriend , yea Jesus stole my girlfriend . 
Leaving for the beach in 30 with Mo Syed Kaleb and DJ ! BADASS WEEK ... NOW ! 
Just got home ! Epic Week ! 
Yeah ! Just got the Stimulus Package ! So far the crashd heli is my fav , MW2 ! 
OMFG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I FOUND SOME PIECES BY BANKSY BY THE MUSIC FACTORY !!!!! I took the sign and got pictures of the stencils ! 
Tryn to figure out this prom sh*t ! WHY DOES THIS HAVE TO COST SO MUCH MONEY ! lol 
SAT outta nowhere 2mrw , then work ... funtastic 
man people hacking accounts really piss me off , do they honestly think people are stupid enough to send money to some random account when its obviously shady as hell ! my moms facebook and email got hacked- be carefull people lol 
hates this itunes upgrade , TAKES FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Back from work , onto homework , then yardwork , then housework-maybe some food thrown in somewhere ... 
On the road to Animazement 2010 ! 
LMAO < PROPFIRST > Woo is the shit ! Kevjumba on youtube ! look it up ! 
Yea ................ pretty empty 
Taking my driving test 2mrw ! 
Had a dream that I woke up and apparently people had turned into zombies from alien spores from burning wood ... weird ... even weirder though is that my mom had turned into a zombie but so had Mr. T and they were sitting zombified on my couch ........ EPIC ! 
Nothing like speeding with a group of friends in front swervin in and outa traffic playing follow the leader ! 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > Schuldt cookout tonight !!! I'll never forget you !!! Getting HIT IN THE FACE with a diving ring , BUSTING MY ASS ON THE SLIDE , and ALMOST LOSING MY PHONE ! But all in all it was an amazing time and although i feel like a fool i wouldnt change anything ! 
Extremely dissapointed in The Last Airbender . Shamalan flat out butchered it ! The actors werent good but what else can you do with shitty writing , AND HE LET THEM MISPRONOUNCE ALL THEIR NAMES WTF ! This is a sad day for Avatar fans 
As much as i hate to say it , and i really hate to say it ... the new twiligh movie was actually pretty good , still not planning on seeing the 1st 2 
Happy 4th ! had to work 
Some british guy on tv lives off of roadkill and trashcans ... and isnt homeless ... british people are weird 
The past was sooooo far less complicated ... 
Finally off work , the Goo Goo Dolls concert gave us a good rush but wasnt as bad as when we get the club drunks ... glad to be home 
Got off work early today , apparently they had too many people and they didnt need me so HELLS YEAH ! FREEDOM !!! 
home from work = nap time 
Officially off the grid 2mrw round 3 , up in the mountains for some relaxation 
WE ARE SEX BOB-OMB AND WE ARE HERE TO MAKE YOU THINK ABOUT DEATH AND GET SAD AND STUFF ! 
Got balls of steel\ 
Got an automobile for a minimum wage\ 
Got real estate , I'm buying it all up in outer space 
Great how ur whole paycheck disapears with insurance and random battery replacement ... plus another disaster soon to come ( probably ) ... knock on wood 
Off to Knoxville !!! 
somebody stop the room from spinning .......... thanks 
Fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen\ 
Pour myself a cup of ambition\ 
And yawn and stretch , my life is a mess , \ 
And if I never make it home today , God bless 
deleting the past in 3 ... 2 ... 1 
computer down ... nxt best thing = 360 
escaping to the Plastic Beach 
finally a computer ! 
Sooo the koreans are fighting again , what about 2012 ? 
Great day , waterpark with Kayjo Jones , < PROPFIRST > Mowers and chilled with my boys Mo < PROPMALE > and Syed Faizan < PROPMALE > 
Goin to the hukkah bar , lasertag , and Matties tonight ! text me if u wanna come along too 
last night was great , lasertag and chlln at the diner 
Full belly and a five hour energy , its crunch time 
On deviantart ! If u have an account add me and ill add u ! Jomama120 
crazy night w/ < PROPFEMALE > C Mlowski < PROPFEMALE > Amponsah Y-mark Mlo , sorry bout the red light LMFAO . and < PROPFEMALE > ! keep that story to urself next time lol 
< PROPFEMALE > X-mas people ! 
under the spot lights neither black or white it doesn't matter Do the Dance Do the Dance ! 
ROAD TRIP ! 
at times like these i realize how stupid i can be 
JEEP RACE !!! nuf said ... 
The cake is a lie , but the cube is forever 
Thanks Kayjo Jones for the burritos and the alcohol . . . but im never helping you move again 
Tell ' em < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Sitting with so many things to do but honestly i dont want to do anything-bored 
Let's not talk about it\ 
We never did so why start now\ 
Let's just go back to your place\ 
And not talk about a thing 
Thank me with your hands 
\All over the world hearts pound with the rhythm\ 
somethings missing ... i just cant remember what it is 
I just love sleeping the day away 
Finally , my room is clean , and not only clean but completely re-organized ! 
my creative juices are starting to flow again , too bad i have to get some sleep 
SHWASTED !!! 
grumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen , pour myself a cup of ambition 
Time to burn a bridge that I should walk on 
