hmmmm summers almost over ? 

the < PROPFEMALE > goes up , the < PROPFEMALE > goes down , but still she niether sinks nor floats . 
I am really really starting to hate waking up in the middle of the night and then I stay up until 10ish ..... 2 more weeks ! push it ! 
Happy birthday to my late great grandmother gwen ... you were always a big part of my life as a young pup , and showed me its the little things in life that matter 
Start of my diet .... and how awesome is this ! I get to pig out for 2 days .... jump start my metabolism . 
Rest in Peace WP and LJ 
FRIGGIN ' SWEET !!! it's a boy !!!! congratulations to my dad .... after a run of 5 girls and 3 granddaughters !! lol 
thanks everyone for your comments about my artwork ... I really hope to add much more along with new tattoos that I'll be doing . 
there is the coolest lookin ' ring around the < PROPFEMALE > right now , not like a regular lunar rainbow thats close to the < PROPFEMALE > , it's huge .... makes u expand ur mind a bit and wonder about what this universe is really about . 
Ah another beautiful night at the grind . relieved my < PROPMALE > is sound asleep :) 
Pizza this late is never a good idea !!! but it's deelishus .... 
seriously .... who complains about OT ?! 
oh plz oh plz oh plz be my prisoner !!!! 
geez u can make me so mad sumtimes ..... but even when I'm cold as ice u know just how to make me crack 
u kno it's bad when water gives you heartburn .... 
evenin ' fort hollyhood !! hope yall enjoyin ' the beautiful weather ! cuz it's freezin ' bizkits in montana !!!! 
woke up to a foot of snow in the RB !!! well heading back to Fort Hall in the morning ..... I bring the snow with me !! hahaha ! 
GEEEZ .... someone broke out of jail .... now my honeys gotta go fix it ..... 
My angel wings are being re-glittered today .... good thing my brooms fired up and ready to go !! 
On the way back from RB there was a buffalo calf standing by itself and Taysia freaked out and said Mom ! You have to call < PROPMALE > so he can take the baby buffalo back to it's mother !! She got so mad I had to make a phone call .... 
dang ! missed a good photo opportunity of a dog chasing a cat being chased by a dogcatcher ! who has it better rez dogs or town dogs ? 
Tazer thinks that baby brother is wearing clothes in my belly ..... hmmm I guess we'll find out . lol 
man something spicy sounds deelishus for dinner !!! and good luck < PROPMALE > Boy girls in Teen Tournament !!! 
Well .... day off from work ! Now it's off to the tattoo shop to cause some pain .... yay ! 
Is there such thing as a comfortable position when your pregnant !? 
I'm looking for a picture of a native baby in a cradleboard or dressed up in their outfit for a powwow , year isn't a problem older the better , I'll be using it for a charcoal drawing ... if anyone has something like that could u send it please ?? 
I ate like a ppppiggg ...... pumbaa ...... you are a pig . 
Can't sleep so we're up listening to the wind storm .... 
my supervisor tried to pick styrofoam balls out of my hair ..... turns out it was the snow . 
first of all ..... theres plenty of blame to go around .... who did what and who let what happen . natives these days hating white people and trying to shove equality down their throat .... well thats the same thing they did to us .... wake up natives .... our future is in our children .... language and tradition , stop trying to place blame we're a dying breed and your speeding it up . 
I used my Slap Chop tonight to cut veggies for dinner .... slapped the husband around a few times , and poof ! perfectly cut tomatoes !! worth every < PROPFEMALE > . 
Man .... seems like its been a really rough week for everyone in one way or another ... anyone going to sweat say a few words for those hurting right now ... 
sloooow day at the tatt shop .... waited 4 ever for a customer for < PROPMALE > to tattoo on ..... but i got my pics ...... thats gonna be one bada ** painting ....... it'll b done for the < PROPMALE > show I hope 
getting into work mentality , repeating to myself ...... \the customer is always right\ " ........ lmao who am I kidding I'M always right .... " 
Getting into native politics and tradition is a bittersweet argument . 
I'm hungry .... I hope Tays wakes up and cooks breakfast !!! haha 
question ---- why or why not should women be allowed in traditional ceremonies ? 
starting a new painting today and taking care of my babygirl .... shes not feeling good .... lot going on in my life right now , this painting ought to come out neat .... 
This ugly rez puppy has been hanging around my house .... I was gonna keep it and name it after my ex just so I could kick the crap out of it . 
I know he's here somewhere ..... I can feel it in my nuggets . 
Tazers been driving me crazy with non-stop questions lately ... finally get a break going to work . Now I miss her 
I asked Buns if he knew what the Rapture was and he goes , Isn't that a dinosaur ? 
It's hard to sit around at home on payday ... wish i had the willpower ! I'd save alot of money . 
I was explaining to Tays what kind of indian she is and what all her tribes are and she said ..... so ummm .... all those indians are in my body ? 
Saw someone today I haven't seen in a grip ... got me thinking about a convo I had with a co-worker last week ... it's funny how those ppl that used to make your life miserable don't turn out to have a very good life in the end ... 
PEACE ... I really mean that . 
I can't get warm !! hurry up summer !! 
Just when it seems like life can't suck anymore .... slap on your big girl panties and < PROPMALE > up ... cuz something awesome is bound to be right around the corner 
It's not easy being Cree . 
hahaha I hate it when I blonde moment and forget someones name ..... they said hi to me and I was like Hey !.... man ?...... 
Well I'm totally eating my words right now .... wanted to buy a purebred dog of somesort , and I just took in a stray . Well , at least I kno that this dog will probably outlive any purebred , chipped , vaccinated and spoiled dog I could ever buy !!! 
workin at < PROPFEMALE > what the Hell tonight ..... 
Hurry up 5am !!.... I'm going crosseyed ... 
Man TGIF !! ( Casino Style ) hmmm don't know what to get < PROPMALE > for our anniversary ... 
man I felt a mean ass cold bug comin ' on yesterday ..... I took a couple cold-eze and poof ! it was all gone ! cold-eze rocks ! 
Ugghhh .... contractions all day ..... can't relax busy night at < PROPFEMALE > Hill .... 
Flip flops and green socks ... seriously ? Or any socks for that matter ... sure it's ok , for a ninja turtle !! I tried to get a picture but she ripped out . 
this is me .... updating my status ... woohoo ! 
okay .... totally motivated to paint up a storm today .... but oh what to paint ??? 
man what a pretty day .... things didn't go quite the way I wanted them too yesterday .... but hopefully the creator has something better in store for me :D 
it's monday monday !!!.... and thats all I have to say . geez I'm boring . 
No < PROPMALE > boy yet .... doc said I'm good for another month .... geez .... 
The worst pain in the world is not labor pains , but when your child is in pain and you can't make it go away 
lmao .... everyone I run into says I've been pg for a long time or I look hot , miserable or constipated ??!! Do I really wear it that blatantly on my face ??!!! shucks . I'll start forcing a smile then . 
have to go to work today ... so I can get my baloney off layaway . 
Let me be clear that the only reason I came to work today is for the air conditioning . 
Thinks texting gives you cancer . 
Missing < PROPMALE > and the Tays monster .... wishing my son would hurry so I can give him loves ... and that silly puppy goober .... just feeling lonely right now .... 
Yesterday was Taysia Sky's 5th birthday !!! She got an Air Guitar 
running around in circles ...... taysias birthday party today !! 
YA !! The date is set !! July 14th ...... I'm realizing how soon that is . 
making enchiladas and spanish rice tonight ..... the smell is killing me !!!! it's sooo good .... 
Do you ever wish you could go back in time just to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone ? 
Hmmm .... anyone seen where I put my motivation today ?? I swear I put it right here when I went to bed !!!!! 
Just got done cleaning the whole house top to bottom .... yay !! Waiting till it got cooler was a good idear ! 
Dads on hiz way from RB Town ! Alright ! Now if I could just pin him down long enough to mingle awhile ... 
Can't stop looking at my new son ... he's so sweet !! And no its not just the happy juice ... 
Taysia asked if she could press my \happy face button\ " ( my morphine drip button ) lol .... " 
the kids are all together ... husband is cleaning the house(without me asking ) , my son is healthy and happy .... life can't get much better right now :) 
goodnight faceboook .... see u on the other side 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > jonezzzz ! come on doc i wanna take my < PROPMALE > boy home ... 
Can't figure out why she's crying over baby socks ... 
Wow everyones on vacay somewhere ..... bring me back a TSHIRT !!!! 
What's ur favorite meatless dish ??? ( I'm already out of vegetarian ideas ) 
To all my big native girls .... we are NOT fat ..... we are the JUICY ones ... :} ~ 
I'm thinking of trading in my android for something simpler ... it just does TOO much . If I could just get it to change diapers ... 
Reminiscing on yearbooks ..... lol laughs and regrets .... 
Another kick ass day of painting .... I need an outlet for all this beauty and creation .... 
Spent most of today painting a new portrait .... always relaxing regardless of what I'm painting ... Kass was happy with it , he was just glad he didn't come out looking like < PROPFIRST > 
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery , none but ourselves can free our mind 
Full house this weekend for the powwow .... must .... clean ..... grubby kids anyway !! maybe if I just get some good music going .... 
Okay .... I'm exhausted and overwhelmed this week ..... time to pop out a clone with 8 arms !! yes then everything might be able to get done . 
god I'm dreading festival .... and I don't even really know why 
What a beautiful morning ..... why am I still inside ? 
MMMMMM ..... there is NOTHING like the comfort of hangover soup ........ 
I make one little comment about not spose to take pictures of sweats and everyone on fb got to get all offended about it ..... 
thank you creator for the air in my lungs , the health of my babies , the love of my husband and the few dollars in my pocket .... aho ! 
The thing that sucks about being dependable is everyone depends on you . 
everytime festival comes around ... I blink and it's over . :( 
I tried thinking out of the box for festivals < PROPMALE > show . I mean , tepees chiefs and powwow dancers get old . It didn't work . Theres more to natives than that , ya kno 
nothing better than bbq'n with family and frens to the sound of powwow jams from the festival ....... wish I cud do that every night ! 
I woke Taysia up way to early this morning , I got her bath water ready and told her to put her toys in , I went in to wash her hair and she was still in her pajamas in the water . lol I should have taken a picture but I was laughing too hard . 
I'm at my breaking point today . Anthing else happens , I'm going to snap .... I hope I don't . My kids need me 
I didn't know school got out early today .... I was late picking taysia up ..... I feel bad :( 
Anyone want a kitten ? Or two ? 2 are black and 3 are siamese with blue eyes ... help me out please I don't want to be known as the cat lady . lol 
Mmmm at the Taco Wagon bout to feed my face with a couple tamales :) 
WHY is it , when you try to explain directions to somewhere to a native , street names or whatever ... they can't figure it out .... but when you say its near a certain bar they know exactly where your talking about ??? ( you guys know it's true ... lmao ) 
I'm going to sight in my brand new smith and wesson 25-06 today !!! I'm so friggin ' excited .... gotta make sure the freezer is stocked all winter long ... 
All right , let's not panic . I'll make money by selling one of my livers , I can get by with one . 
clean house ... take care of son ... get Tays ready ... cook ... check alternator on car ... BOOO ! 
I'm sick of being an adult I'm just gonna bother my parents to take me to the fair . 
headed into the hills today ... gonna go fishing , pick chokecherries and get firewood ... I don't need to spend all my money at the fair to have fun ! 
GEEZ .... some peoples kids . 
Damn . Not working . Kinda . Sux . 
how do you guys like to make your chokecherry pudding ? any \secret ingredients \"??" 
Makin roast with special coca cola gravy .... sounds weird but its DE-freakin'-LICIOUS . 
I went fishing with my husband , we pulled his boat into the dock , I lifted up this big ' ol stringer of trout and this idiot on the bank goes , \Hey 
likes her status . 
I'm listening to neighbors fighting and screaming at each other ... I swear they break up EVERY week . I mean my relationship ain't perfect , but damn don't people have limits ?... or do they just like getting used and abused ?... sounds like a fleetwood < PROPMALE > song . 
I'm so gangsta I'm so thug I'm the one your dreamin ' of .... 
up and at'em drinkin ' my < PROPFIRST > smoothie .... 
YAY !! work day over !!! I'm sure I walked over ten < PROPMALE > today . my dawgs is killin ' me ... but I got a nice compliment that made it all better :) 
I woke up in the middle of the night to make Tylan a bottle ... I didn't turn on any lights , but I glanced out the window and felt my blood go cold , I swear I saw someone standing in the yard looking right back at me , I asked < PROPMALE > to look and he didn't see anyone ... I hope I'm just crazy . 
anyone know what kind of onionz they use at the fair at hansen's hoagies ?? There real sweet but I dunno what they're called ... 
Ain't it funny how you can be talking about something totally humbling then you have that one person that manages to suck all the attention to themselves ?... uh huh ... ya . 
Thank you creator for seeing the good in us and how hard we work to be good honest people , this is proof . never give up and you will be rewarded . 
You know its time to lose weight when you put on your old jingle dress and the jingles stick strait out ... 
oh but I'll be alright , as long as theres light of a neon < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I'm gonna buy a beach cruiser and start ridin ' to work so I don't wanna hear the wicked witch jokes and don't muck me out at 5 am .... 
Coffee at tha Saggy Hill ..... hope today goes by quick . I ain't gonna have a dollar to my name after bills ... but the smiles on my families faces makes it all worth it :) 
No woman ever became famous by doing what she was told . 
whooo ! grey's anatomy comes back tonight !! 
Ahhh nothing like 5am fried zombie gamblers to start my day ... 
I totally believe in the power of intention and thoughts ... everytime I start thinking about someone or talking about someone more than usual ... they come up somewhere !! lol 
As my < PROPFEMALE > gets tested , I remember that throwing a tantrum is never attractive . 
< PROPMALE > is putting the new tranny in my Eclipse tonight ... yay !!! I LOVE MY HUSBAND ! 
Me and Tays had to have a talk about strangers . I asked her what would happen if a stranger took you ?... \Um ... they'll make me into soup . \"" 
My baby boy Tylan is going to be on Baby Faces on news channel 6 on monday morning ... So be up early to see his little face ! 
kids about to eat their \robbin ' newdles !! mmmmm .... can't go wrong with a bowl of ramens and a ham sandwich :) " 
Trying to convince the girls not to be \PRINCESSES\ " for halloween ... that'll be third halloween in a row !!! Taysia is considering being a pirate or a taco ... and < PROPFEMALE > wants to be < PROPFEMALE > Montana . " 
I'm gonna study hard at Harvard to be a veteranarian because I love kids 
I want to make a perfume/body lotion that can stand the stench of the casino ALL day ... but if u put it on any other time your smell might punch ppl in the face . 
Geez freakin ' rez dogs killed my kittens ... if I see any more in my yard they're getting popped . 
Following the wise , but they're still in diapers 
Spending time wif the love of my life tonight ... no kids for a couple hours , and enjoying every minute . 
Racism isn't born , folks , it's taught . I have a 5 year old daughter , you know what she hates ? Naps ! End of story . 
Catching up with the boys at the shop ... waiting to blast some ink . 
What's the time Mr. Wolf ? 
Hurt reading the old ones stories in the paper about \the big school\ " ... It makes me want to try harder not to take for granted that I see my children everyday and how good we really have it ... " 
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen ? 
Damn woke up late ..... good thing its my Friday ! Hurry up 5 o'clock ... 
Woooo !!! Go griz .... I missed the game yesterday dammit to hell 
When asked by an anthropologist what Indians called < PROPFEMALE > before the white man came , an Indian simply replied , \Ours . \ " ..... Happy < PROPMALE > Day " 
Went huntin tryna be a real savage indian and bag me a monster , didn't go well . Sore as hell and saw them bucks laughing at me when I tried to keep up . 
Picture Day and taysia is getting herself ready cuz I'm at work ... uh oh . 
I asked the housekeeper politely to stop singing ( badly ) in the breakroom cuz I was reading , she ignored me , so I maxed the volume on the tv . She got the hint . 
That's funny .... they're gonna film a \dirty jobs\ " down bottoms .... I wanna meet < PROPFIRST > Rowe !!! " 
any ideas or tricks for getting your little one to get over their fear of riding a a bike ?? she fell off once and she like no way I'm riding that again . 
Today is totally an Indigenous day ... \nothing I can do\ " I'm so feeling this jam ... " 
Gotta take my little son to the doctor , he's still giving me his funny toothless smiles and giggles even though he's coughing and has a stuffy nose . 
Man I don't like this fall weather .... air is cold but sun is hot ... too warm for a jacket but too cold for a tshirt , I feel like I got hot flashes . 
Geez , my < PROPFEMALE > has huge expectations for a new job ... I know he'd do an awesome job , I'm just scared he'll get let down if it don't happen . 
Drinking a cup of steveys special blend of \wake the fuck up\ " espresso coffee ..... zing !!! " 
Haha ! Sitting at the mall cuz my hooptie won't start ... that's alright she looks fast jus sitting here . Maybe its a good thing or I'd be driving and FBing . 
Start my first day as a dispatcher tomorrow ( well , training anyway ) so don't b asking me to fix ur machine anymore ! Woohoo ! 
Go cry to ur cowboy hero ... u Hollywood Indian 
He did what in his cup ??? 
Last night I spaced out the FULL open beer sitting above my OPEN purse . Yup . now my makeup is swimming in < PROPMALE > light . FML 
Stuff'd < PROPFEMALE > peppers and butternut squash with butter and brown sugar for supper .... yumm I'm starving ! 
Rain washes away the footsteps of the one who walked into the next world ..... journey well CP 
Your brain cannot distinguish the difference between the joy of being doing or having what you want and actually being doing or having it . So I'm closing my eyes and putting myself in my favorite place with my favorite people with my fav drink in my hand ! :) 
Don't expect the best when you hope for the worst . 
Kids were pretty funny trick or treating .... wish I could have made it out afterwards ! sounds like ya'll had fun .... 
My first wish item for xmas .... a barnes and < PROPMALE > nook(ebook reader) ! I'm a bookworm and damn proud of it !! 
Oohh no . My baby girl got busted stealing . I hope she learned her lesson ... 
Just broke a ball joint on the way home from Michelle's ..... scared me and my little ones pretty good . So glad there wasn't a car coming the other way or it could have been much worse . Thank you creator for keeping me and my little ones safe 
Ya I voted . I really don't care for politics , if I did know id probably have a headache . 
EVERY single time I clean house , I'm like OKAY a clean house feels awesome ! I'm going to make sure I keep up on that . Then 30 seconds later poof it's gone . dammit 
You know , a Million dollars would be great right now . But then , I look around , and see my daughter doing her homework , my husband playing with my son , a beautiful sunset outside and dinner cooking on the stove . If I was miserable about my life now , I'd probably be miserable with a million dollars . 
Booo .... I hate coming home to an empty house . Now where could they have gone ?? 
Life is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . 
kinda thinking about picking up and moving north ... it would be awesome to live close to my northern family . 
I should have followed the wise I hope it's all a blessing in disguise When I decide to open my eyes and follow those I despise that will lead to my demise I numb the pain and cower from reality hoping justification of my actions will lead to immortality I refuse to lay in defeat and retreat but remember I always land on my feet I never miss a beat 
I want a tattoo tonight . I need some stress relief . 
Thought for the day : If your seeing alot of horsesh*t , there has to be a pony in the vicinity . 
Can't things ever go as planned . Just once ? 
sheesh .... those guys was right ! Idk how to act with a 7 day break . Next thing you know I'm going to be sitting out the casino crying for them to let me in 
What a gloomy day ... I guess there's only one thing to do !! ugh ... I can't say it .... CLEAN !! 
I've begun to notice that since I've been trying to eat better , I'm watching more shows about junk food .... haha 
Damn I just feel sore .... what did I do last night ?? 
You are not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on . 
Doesn't anyone find it a little funny that Mr. Krabs lives in Bikini Bottom ?? 
Bar light , Bar bright , the first drink I had tonight , I wish I may , I wish I might , remember what I did last night 
Perfect day to fly to work ! The brooms broke , so I notified the insurance about the wreck guess I got to < PROPFEMALE > ke the swiffer < PROPFEMALE > work !! 
I wore a brand new white T-Shirt today , I did a tattoo , I made a bottle in the car and I made bubbling enchilada sauce ... not one spot ! I feel invincible , like I could save a kitten in a tree or something . 
Hubby bringin me spaghetti and salad out here and boys ordered pizza .... fuh imma feel like a big ol yaha by the time this night is over !!! 
I love reading a good book . You can get lost in it and forget where u are and be anyone u want to be . 
Know the power of love and not the love of power 
man ... if you gotta remember someone's b-day because of facebook .... it's already to late for you , bad friend ... lol 
I'm radiating a pink glow of pure awesomeness .... like cupcakes !! 
Ahh exes ..... thank them for teaching you what not to do in a relationship , how to argue , and when to know when to walk away .... now get the eff out of my life !!! 
owwiyaahhh my back hurts so flippin ' bad ... who's a good back popper ?? 
Happy thanksgiving all you big turkeys !!! Thank you creator for my breath , my children , the food and the loving family that surrounds us .... AHO !! don't eat until I get off work and if you got a wild turkey for thnxgivin .... SAVE ME A SHOT !! 
hmm .... I'm just BLANK .... how boring ... anyone got sum crayons ? 
If the tribes get 2 days paid to be with their families ... how come casino employees don't get paid 2 days to NOT be with our families ? 
I'm going to make an application for android phones that prevents ppl from sending texts when buzzed .... ill be a flippin ' millionaire . Don't know what to call it though ! lmao 
Well I'm almost off to work !! Like a herd of turtles . 
I hate it when someone gives u that smartass \I'm gonna write a report on you\ " smile . " 
why did I just get tagged in a picture of bean juice . 
I was way into Rainbow Brite .... I think I remember asking my mom if I could have blonde hair .... HAHAHA the shame . 
Yawwwnnn .... dang all kinez of weird dreams last night ! Uh oh watch out employee xmas orgy oops I mean party tonight !! 
They should change the name from < PROPFEMALE > Corral to feedlot .... they just ring a cowbell and the herds come a running .... 
Tried calling in and boss said \WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER\ " so I show up early and no boss ...... " 
I'd loovve to go back to this day in my picture ... I was about to go to drawing class to sketch moving clouds on a beautiful warm < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > afternoon ... I felt so at peace . 800 < PROPMALE > from drama and jealousy .... I MISS YOU FANTASAY !!!!!! 
The woods are lovely dark and deep I have promises to keep and < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep did you hear me butterfly < PROPMALE > to go before you sleep lol luvv this movie ! 
Why we love our Rez boys .... when he gets paid you can NEVER find him , but when you get paid you can't get rid of him ! 
I love it . I got such a good man ... 
Thunder only happens when its raining and players only love you when their playin 
Decided to dust around here . Tired of this place looking like the addams family 
cookin ' up a storm and keeping the house warm up here in < PROPMALE > Boy montana ! * waves at all the fort hall natives * \\\\ (* O *) // 
I could pretend to like football so I can be IN wih the fb crowd but ah fk it ..... who needs friends when I'm probably related to you guys anyway . 
Back from the RB .... love being around n seeing fam .... wish I could pick up n move my little camp up that way 
I used to hate it when moms would go ON and ON and ON about their kids ... first teeth , how they write their name , what they said in the supermarket .... i was like WHO CARES ???... now I'm one of those moms :( 
I don't car if we have 31 friends in common . I don't wanna be your friend . lol 
lava herrreeee I comeee !!!!! 
when I really need my check it never fails ..... it's late to deposit 
Most people wanna borrow sugar .... even ketchup .... you wanna borrow my car ! YOU need to borrow a job . 
cash count is just rude . 
hmmmm ... I wonder if our christmas story about Mr. and Miz Tatanka Claus , Stands with a Fifth and The Ghost Canyon Elves won the hearts of Security Mgmt ... come on ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
I don't want much for Christmas . I just want the person reading this to be happy . Friends are the fruit cake of life . Some nutty , some sweet but mix them together and they're my friends . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Send this to all your fruit cakes . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone who got me PRESENTZ !!! Just kidding happy holidaze to everyone & may we all look like big juicy yahas after dinner yay ! 
Kids found ingenious ways to eat vegetables ... one drowns them in ketchup and the other one swallows it whole . Gross . Lol 
I want some prismacolor watercolor pencils plz plz plz < PROPFEMALE > make one more trip to my house ! 
Take every status you ever wrote on facebook and if you could possibly combine it into just one sentence what would it say ??? ( I'm bored ) 
Wow . I'm gonna have to give up a lot of habits on our new diet .... I wonder if I have to give up facebook too ? 
My poor Tays has a viral infection in her lungs . She is doing much better today though . Might need to hit up not-so-good for a nebulizer . :( 
The first day is always the hardest ... 
Poor son is sick ... he sounds like darth vader . 
Unfortunately ... I have a terrible habit of not finishing what I start ... but dammit as < PROPMALE > as my witness I will finish this one !!!!!!!!! 
Im taking u off my < PROPMALE > list ... i hope u get a virus ! You and your computer ! 
Holy S *** I just lost 10 pounds in a week 
When I look upon the sky , I wonder why ... I'm so alone ... then I think of you , oh yes its true , I really love you hey wayyoheyhoheyyy-o . 
Man why does doing something so good for myself have to be so damn hard ? 
Sick of chicken . Spoze I'll mix it up and eat some scrimps . 
Playing tiger woods wii golf with dad :) 
Stupid Fort Hall we need animal control . On my way to work and saw a family with a baby walking their dog on agency , and a pack of about 10 dogs came charging across the street so i swerved and the dogs scattered ... I DO NOT FEEL BAD shooting dogs around here . 
Sometimes I wish I knew how to put our differences aside for my daughters sake . I couldn't imagine a life without having my father ( my hero ) in it . 
Yes ! Casino weight loss weigh in today .... 14 lbs ! It would have been 20 if they weighed when I started .... yay me ! 
Imma gonna kill 318 . Haha 
goddammit quitting time why do you always drag your feet ... your slow , your never here when I expect you to be here , and I'm sick of waiting all day for you . 
Don't hate on my 99cent slippaz . 
Its time to shed my skin and be reborn . My little shell is too small for me . 
Tying up my round dance moccs .... hoka everybody get up n dance ! 
I know ppl can't pick their nicknames ... but I better quit or my son is going to think his name is TylanBob Squishypants 
Oh man . I cant sleep now . I just Had a nightmare worse than a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book when he WASN'T on drugs ... and those were some jacked up stories . 
Payday ! Time to watch my paycheck disappear right b4 my eyes . 
So what if my parents do or say something I don't agree with . I owe them my life and I know I can never pay them back . But I can try at least by hoping they might be proud of what I do in my life . I love you mom & dad . 
vaaalll keeeeyssss hyuk hyuk hyuk .... I can't take that voice anymore ! aacck ! 
< PROPMALE > boy here we come .... I wish it was on better circumstances . 
I made my own special spaghetti conconction last night .... eating leftovers mmm tastes like supreme pizza ! 
Tryna make it work but damn these times are hard ... 
awww noo I think son might get gucheewayat today ... ootsee I wish I could take his place instead . 
Had a fun day with my goofy co-workers today ... laughed so hard my belly hurt ... just what I needed 
This headache is making my eye numb ... anyone got a good headache cure besides pills ? They didn't work ... 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day FB ! I hope your all FEELIN ' tha LOVE ... Oh and a very special < PROPFIRST>'s Day to my son-shine who is 7 months old today ! 
HEY mr. grumpy gills ... when life gets you down you know what you gotta do ? 
Police Officer : Did you see the arrows ? \ 
Guy in Car : I didn't even see the Indians ! \ 
ha ha ha ... 
Got my new specks today , usually I love getting new glasses but my perscription is alot stronger . I feel like that guy on employee of the month ... booo :( 
Lmao .... let the wild rumpus begin . 
easily amused but just as easily confused . 
Do I sleep for two more hours ? Haha I wish . Fine i guess its wii fit time 
cheezburger busted me impersonating tha COBRA .... damn 
geez quit being < PROPFEMALE > and friend me already . 
I drank because I wanted to drown my sorrows , but now the damned things have learned how to swim . -Frida Kahlo 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to dressed , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy freinds , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled ... so go ahead and label me and see if I give a shit . Repost this if your proud of who you are . 
If shohn Dunn was a dog what breed would he be ? 
I need something to do ... who wants a tattoo ? 
Wrecked my car on the curb in town becuz of the black ice ... fun fun . Glad I married a mechanic <3 
More love , less handles 
Many proposals have been made to us to adopt your laws , your religions , your manners and your customs . We would be better pleased with beholding the good effects of these doctrines in your own practices , than with hearing you talk about them-Old Tassel , Tsalagi Chief 
Must have missed the \be a smartass today\ " memo " 
Throw it out the pinche window ! 
Watching my son sleep peacefully not feeling the effects of the cold he has right now ... as soon as he wakes up im going 2 be up 2 my elbows in snot . bring it on 
I can't stand it when someone comes to my house and then honks until I come outside to see who it is . Lazy asses are going to get their horn broke . Lmao 
He no talk how come he ? 
We just had a lady walk in and with a completely strait face ask us , \Are you guys real indians ?? \ " .... long pause ... lmao the look on our faces was probably priceless . " 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence & mental abuse 
ENOUGH of the duck lips already !! damn . 
Most of my top friends are my co-workers ... See ! It's not my fault fb'n when I not suppose too !!! Lmao 
I disagree with < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers . I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday more kisses begin with < PROPMALE > Light than < PROPFEMALE > . 
What is it asshole day ? 
I love my eyebrows today ! 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children , outside of siblings . No one will ever understand your CRAZY family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately , re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world . 
I'm so much cooler online . 
If I don't find my watercolor pencils by five ... someones in trouble . 
nate dogg ... tha < PROPMALE > White of our time ... Imma miss you for always rollin ' with my when I was feeling down , singing to me when I had no one to love me , and soothing with that velvety smooth voice since 1993 ... you will be missed 
so the main difference between an < PROPFEMALE > wedding and an < PROPFEMALE > funeral would be .. 1 less drunk at the party ?.. Happy St Paddy's Day all ! 
I need more ammo . Someone get me some rubber banzz so I can fight my way thru the DARKNESS . 
I need to get out of here this weekend anyone want to babysit ?? 
YES . finally on the 7 . yes I said it . SEVEN . not FIVE ..... bahahaha 
Quit bitching and start a REVOLUTION . 
Get me out of this car !! We been out of town for 2 hours and all I hear is complaining about traffic ... come on < PROPMALE > were supposed to be on vacation !! lol 
I had the most awesome 1 night vacation with my husband ... even if it was only for a short while . I love you < PROPMALE > James ... and every minute I spend with you . 
Don't you wish you had background music ? so everytime you walked into a room a song would play ? LMAO ! IDK what my song would be . 
You know your a mama when you cry at all the baby scenes in Disney movies ... lmao * dumbo * where his mama is in the can . I was BAWLING ! 
To the winch , wench ! 
I hope my interview went well today . I hate it cuz I always think of the stuff I meant to say afterwards ... booo ... honestly , I'll be happy either way cuz the ppl I work with crack me up . 
I like big butts and I can't not lie 
Teach me how to dougie ! Teach me how to dougie ! 
He was wearing that bright orange shirt hmm made me want < PROPMALE > n cheese he looked like Cheesasaurus < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > High called , they want their drama back 
