happy 4th of July !!! 

what i wouldnt give to find out what career I really want .... 
is really needing sleep , but is seriously addicted to kodak gallery , I wish I had a lot of money ! How am I supposed to say no to 1000 pictures of the cutest little man in the world ? 
Ready for tomorrow 
I have been on the phone all day ! I am going to gainesville starting in January ! 
Atl here we come ! Katies last night as a single lady bc roberts puttin a ring on it ! 
is suffering from a first degree burn . ouch !!!! 
Who was the first person to say , \See that chicken over there ... I'm gonna eat the first thing that comes out if its butt \"?" 
I finally figured out how to Christmas shop with out having to deal with stroller raged moms !!! 
hardcore bootcamp potty training in the am !!! ahhh help me 
GO FALCONS ! 
the snow is here !!! 
I love snow !! 
Searching for a lawyer . If ya got a good one let me know :) 
I just messed something up , sorry for whoever gets that . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Urban dictionary def . of my name ... awesome person that is often imitated but never duplicated . that sound about right . 
bored out of my mind !!!! 
I am trying to find a home for my dog opie , he looks like a black lab but only weighs 40lbs , he is really cute and sweet and good with kids if you know of a home for him please let me know , I am allergic to him and I cant stand being sick anymore :) 
My birthday week has started with an awesome gift from my best friend !! I lovvvveee it ! 
too much alcohol !!!! My birthday is almost over ! 
I cant help it , as much as I wish spring were here , I still LOVE snow !!!!!!!!! 
ufreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewwwweww2wwwswwxdsx 21 
12WAZ 
Playing softball tonight ! 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to the aquariam ! 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to see his first movie at the theater :) 
I am so bored ! 
I got some beer and i am off work ! Tonight will be good 
Celebrating leighs birthday ! 
I love the spring ! 
I cant sleep ! Why ? I only had like 3 hours last night and no nap today 
Good ol days ! 
Good job braves ! 
on my cool new phone 
taking < PROPFIRST > for icecream before work :) 
i am up bright and early . Today will be productive ... 
running the boulder dash on saturday ! Go me ! I hope i dont trip on my own foot 
I lost everyones number so text me yours please 6787792862 
happy cinco de mayo , where are the margaritas 
pedicure on my toes .... Happy mothers day self ! 
i am such a lucky mom < PROPFIRST > brought me breakfast in bed ! 
i told < PROPFIRST > to catch a squirell with his toy gun and he ran out the front door and started trying lol , he is awesome !!! 
I will be divorced on June 23 !!! 
taste of alpharetta ! 
had a fun lunch with the loho ladies , time to swim , sun please stay out 
i am going to the beach in two weeks !!! 
i LOVE that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are back from new york and havent changed a bit ! 
leaving for the beach in14 hours !!!!!!!! 
on my way to the beach ! 
couldnt ask for a better vacation ! 
goint to see the disco biscuits !!!! 
leaving < PROPFEMALE > beach :( i had such an awesome trip 
made it home safely . First time ever driving to and back out of state with out totalling my car . Go me ! 
hey i got a second job ! 
is everyone in agreement that the new < PROPFEMALE > looks awfully similar to the < PROPMALE > davidson logo ? 
kayaking in the morning ! So excited 
on my way to get divorced 
The divorce is final !!!! I am a single lady ! Drinks to celebrate at firkin and crown tonight , everyone come !!! 
the < PROPFEMALE > bucket got me ... ughhhhh , not a fan of hangovers 
taking < PROPFIRST > to get his ankle xrayed poor baby 
athens tonight ! 
Laugh at yourself first , before anyone else can 
< PROPFIRST > has used the potty twice today ! Could he be potty trained , I hope so ! I am such a proud mommy ! 
getting my toes done and getting excited about my new job ! 
so glad brazil ate dirt ! Go netherlands ! 
all weekend off ! Love it :) 
1st day at my new job !!!! 
i love my job ! 
just want to say i love the double rainbow 
i love warm muggy nights 
going to the jerseY Shore party saturday if < PROPFEMALE > gets off ! 
Jersey Shore Block Party tomorrow night !!!!!!!!! Its on , I think we might have a situation , lol . 
going to see dinner with shmucks tonight yay 
the only thing that could compare with the fit < PROPFIRST > pitched tonight would be an exorcism . I am speechless 
falcons are killing me , glad it is only preseason 
:) 
why dont kids come with a owners < PROPMALE > ? Not fair . Potty training is a mean joke . 
go dawgs ! 
leaving for florida in a little bit thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so not ready to leave the beach ! 
i like it on the floor right when i walk in the door 
fair tonight , cant wait ! 
athens in the morning ! Go Dawgs ! 
... 
fair tonight 
need a babysitter for three hours friday night . Anyone know of one that cost like ten an hour ? 
so excited 
i am going to be snookie for halloween :) 
not sure how snookie does it ... 
girls night with @ < PROPFIRST > becker and @ < PROPFEMALE > cassadra was nothing but amazing 
ryans 3rd birthday party is next weekend . If you want to come let me know how many kids are coming 
dear nicorette , i bought your package of gum when the box told me it could help reduce the stress of quitting . I grab a piece of gum but cant get it out of the package , now that i am missing a nail , have a chip in my tooth , ran two cars off the road , i am chewing that stupid square along with the foil and plastic it came in . Thank you for making quitting so stress free ! 
unlike the shocker , which is popular among younger generations , i would like to introduce the minivan , 2 in the front 5 in the back ! Impressive . 
ryans third birthday party ! 
< PROPFIRST > is three today ! 
< PROPFIRST > aldean concert saturday ! I am so excited :) 
< PROPFIRST > aldean ! Going to be so much fun ! 
two hours and i will be athens bound ... Woo go dawgs ! 
well i am alive ... So thats good 
#6 you are the 6 to my 9 
taking < PROPFIRST > to see < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) 
we will miss you < PROPMALE > ! Thank you for being a part of so many good childhood memories . 
falala la la la la 
it appears there is a jewish wedding in my future ! 
gonna get my dirty bird on ! Go falcons ! 
i want to dance ! 
I love lamp 
dear lanier tech , i hate you ! 
I have a new 
Jersey shore countdown 
Six hours in the snow ! I love sledding 
Interpersonal Relations and Professional Development ( 2009)\ 
ISBN 0-558-51066-3\ 
Pearson Prentice Hall\ 
if anyone has this book to sell me please let me know . thanks 
Sledding day two ! 
Dirty birds rise up ! 
on my new laptop :) yay yay yay 
Had a bad day , tomorrow can come now please ... 
omg school is hard , i think I lost a lot of braincells since last time I went , or fb wasnt as entertaining .... it might be both ! 
is going to rock my socks off 
