I just lost the game ! 

I can see for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Name that Band ! 
is going to Stenson's place for a movie night ! 
There once was a man from Nantucket ...... 
\You say ' Yes . ' I say ' No . ' You say ' why ? ' And I say ' I don't know!'\ " Name that band ! " 
\Is anybody going to listen to my story ... \ " Name that song ! ( < PROPFIRST > is not allowed to answer ) " 
Since I can't tag people in notes , every one should check my two newest notes . Oh , and I'm going to be gone for a week , bye . 
I have survived the Great Nerd Migration of 2009 
Bought Stenson's desktop , he has a laptop and didn't need two computers . Also , I just got friended by my new roommate . 
i is chekin out lol celebs ! <°\\\\\\>< 
Is makin ' lols 
Is BOOOOOOORRRRRRRED 
Got off work 2 days early ! I don't have to work for the rest of the week !!! 
Needs to assuage his extreme boredom 
Is still really Booooooooooored . 
INTERNET AT LAST !!!!!!!!!! 
I JUST LOST THE GAME !!!!!!! 
Has completely LOST 2 friends ! 
Has a new nickname . My friends on campus have started calling me Ankh . 
We had a dance party in the Meat Locker in Bard Hall 
Round 2 of classes ... Ready ... Fight !!! 
Is getting the band back together . 
Needs to sleep so he can get up and finish his homework before his 1 o'clock calc class . 
Thinks he might be falling for a friend , and knows from past experience that this is a BAD idea . :( 
Still dosn't know what to do about the friend situation . 
Wishes his life would stop getting more and more complicated !!!! 
Just thought of a new nerd joke . What did god say to the flagellant ? OK , OK ! So you sinned , I forgive you , now stop beating yourself up about it ! 
Wishes to remain anonymous . 
wishes it was as easy to take off his masks as it was to put them on . 
Just finished doing his laundry cause he kept putting it off to < PROPFEMALE > out . And he enjoys speaking of himself in the third person ! 
just finished his math homework ! Hooray for not haveing morning classes !!! 
Is pissed at life right now . FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wishes his life didn't suck more balls than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Finally told her and feels SOOOOO much better ! 
Football game , Then get to go back and perform at opening knight . But this = 0 time to eat ALL DAY ! Band = involuntary starvation . 
Is going to watch his kayoss theory DVDs , because he dosn't want to watch Fight Club right now . 
Even though I didn't get a part in the tryouts , through a quirk of fate I am now a member of the \Tribe\ " for MU's production of HAIR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
didn't sleep last night , and has a calc test at 1 
Thinks everyone going home for the weekend is a sissy !!!!! 
Really wishes he hadn't gone out tonight , but then I don't think my friends could have made it home on their own ... 
Has finally found some peace , and sort of knows where he stands . Hooray for long talks . 
Is tired of pain , tired of work , tired of duty/responsibility , tired of life ... but he is just to damn stuborne to give up , ever . 
wishes he didn't have to do homework ... FUCK CLASSES !!!!! 
Is finally going to do his calc homework , at 4 in the morning . 
Wishes he was more motivated to leave his room , but thinks he will just sit here and refer to himself in the third person . 
Just got back from the collegeiate band festival in allentown . LONG DAY on FOR HOURS of SLEEP ! 
When the pain you feel seems to be the only thing in your reality , your only hope is to smile and look for the irony . -Original 
Has no voice . Made the mistake of going to Hair rehersal and trying to sing when I am sick , bad idea . 
Is sick as a dog , bad cold and an ear infection , FML ! 
wishes classes would just go die . 
is going to go grab something to eat at the cove before his 1 o'clock class . 
I wish that there was some way for me to turn off my pain other than getting angry . Because when I'm angry I tend to hurt those causing me pain , even when I REALLY don't want to . 
' s roomate is gone for the weekend ! FTW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is considering becomeing a hermit 
Had a good time in baltimore seeing The Importance of Being < PROPMALE > , but has to do calc homework now , blahhhhh 
Finished my calc homework , HOORAY ! Now I get to sleep for 5.5 hours ! 
THIS IS A TEST ... OF THE READ ALOUD SETTING ... FOR MICROSOFT ENCARTA ... 
just lost the game 
didn't see the meteor shower , and doesn't give a shit ! 
Wishes that pain didn't hurt like this . Physical pain I can handle , but this ... 
Everybody was kung fu fighting ! 
so far ... today SUCKS , and it doesn't look like it will get any better . 
Accepts facts , and appreciates knowing , but still wishes things could work out differently , and hopes the pain eventually faids ... 
Where in the world IS < PROPFIRST > Sandiego ? 
Sometimes I wonder if I can still feel , and then the pain returns ... 
is bored out of his MIND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why do I hurt people ? Why ? 
:'( 
is a sick as you never want to be . 
I feel like I'm perma sick . I have had TWO DAYS of feeling well in the last THREE WEEKS !!!! FML 
I think I have finally ralized why I hurt the people I care about when I don't really want to . It's because they hurt me , but because I keep a cheary front , they don't realize it . And then I get to a point where I am very tired or very depressed/angry and I subconsciously want to make them hurt because they hurt me , and because I'm not thinking clearly , I do something mean or hurtful , and immedeatly regret it . 
I'm thinkin ' Arby's 
Have you seen , my fifteen year-old tattooed woman ? Heard a story , she got butsted for her beauty , ohohoh oh oh ! 
When there's something strange , in the neighborhood , who ya gonna call ? 
I'm going to breakfast ! 
5TH OF NOVEMBER !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is this the real life ? Is this just fantasy ? Caught in a land slide , no escape from reality . 
Yesterday , all my trouble's seemed so far away , but now my troubles , oh they're here to stay , oh I believe in yesterday ... 
FML 
As if my life didn't suck enough all ready , my room smells like vomit cause my roommate drank to much tonight , luckily he made it into the trash can . 
Sometimes I wish I didn't suck at sleeping 
----- BEGIN GEEK CODE BLOCK ----- Version : 3.1 GCS/C d ? s+: a --- C++ U- P L E W++ N o K- w+ O- M- PS+ PE Y+ PGP++ t+ 5+ X- R++ tv+ b+++ DI++++ D+++ G++ e * h * r -- x ? ------ END GEEK CODE BLOCK ------ 
When I fall , I get back up . But this time , I've been down so long , I don't know which way is up . 
I seem to have to options lately , sit around by myself and be miserable , orgo out and make others miserable . Why does my life suck ? 
is melencholy 
When you can't run , you walk , and when you can't walk , you crawl , and when you can't do that anymore ... you find someone to < PROPFEMALE > you . ~ Malcolm Reynolds 
has finished registering for classes , got everything he wanted . Maybe something is going right . 
Hair opens ... well I guess it's today now , but anyway , it is sold out for this weekend , so if you want to see it , get your tickets NOW ! 
It's really depressing that the only thing I can think of to do between now and call for Hair is my laundry . I need a distraction . 
Hair 2 . I'll be excited by the time I get there . Until then , blahhhhhhhh 
FML to ? 
If they ever tried to make a movie of my life , the Surgeon General woiuld issue a warning : veiwing may cause thoughts of suicide . 
Just got a cracked version of Steam working , hooray for gameing frenzy !!!! 
When I close my eyes , I see your face , and I feel pain . Yet when I wake , the mere sight of you can brighten my day . 
FML^ ? 
fuck meteors . 
You know your getting bad when you go to someone for help , and then freak out at them for saying what they think . Especially when this happens at 5 in the morning . 
Didn't do his calc homework , so he is not going to class . It'll be done by tomorrow . 
I'm actually going to sleep at a reasonable hour , havn't done any homework , but that is what mornings are for . 
FUCK CALCULUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has officially decided that milkduds are the food of the gods ! And Hair is sold out . 
Fuck Life 
It should be illegal to be forced to wake up this early on a saturday ! 
If life is like a box of chocolates , then someone gave me a gag box . FUCK THIS SHIT !!!!!! 
Final round of Hair tonight ! Ready ... Fight ! 
Hair is over :( 
Fuck homework ! I haven't slept because I didn't have time to do it earlier this weekend because of Hair , so I had to do it all at once now . FUCK ! 
Fear is the path to the darkside . Fear leads to anger . Anger leads to hate . Hate leads to suffering . ~ Yoda 
Theoretically , if I were to go on a drinking binge right now , should I start with the good stuff or the nasty stuff ? Not that I have either of course . 
I think everyone should check out my new profile pic . 
will be getting texting soon !! YAY ^_^ 
first night back in dorm = first all nighter since turkey break . FML 
When the shit hits the fan , get out of the kitchen . 
I'm bumbed . My game has crashed twice in a row . I think I'll take a break for a bit . 
Gonna try my game again . 
I'm going to bed . 
I like swords 
Fuck sleep ! :( 
Fuck ... my life ! ( in my best impression of < PROPMALE > ) 
you know what ?!? FUCK ! Just Fuck ! 
Just saw this on Texts From Last Night : dude i just made a burrito by wrapping 2 packs of scooby snacks with a fruit roll up . im so high MADE MY WEEK ! 
Has yet to sleep , or finish the work he needs to do , and also enjoys speaking of himself in the third person . 
If you can't take the heat throw shit on the fan ... or something like that . 
no sleep ... half done with calc project ... WILL go to that class before passing out today ... shittttt ..... 
FINISHED ! class , then sleep . Can barely see straight . 
2 hours of sleep and I'm going to a party ?!? YEAH ! 
A < PROPFEMALE > , by any other name , would smell like feet . 
It's really sad , of all the people I talked to today , 99.9% were over the internet . The other two were my mom and Cube while we played COD4 : MW2 
wow , I've been sitting in my room all day , and have gotten no work done . damn 
WHY !?! Why must my roommate and his friends decide to watch LotR in THIS room . The other guys share a room and have a TV , nobody could complain . 
Another all nighter , they aren't even a strain . I don't know why more people don't have them more often ! 
Why do I feel so goddamn DEPRESSED ?!?!?!?!?! 
You know what's sad , sometimes I actually miss highschool . 
Citamard Night Live was EPIC !!!! And I just discovered that the cheap cigars I bought aren't really half bad . All in all , a good night . 
Now the sun's gone to hell , And the < PROPFEMALE>'s riding high , Let me bid you farewell , Every man has to die , But it's written in the starlight , And every line on your palm , We're fools to make war , On our brothers in arms 
found a Baby Calf on their farm in Farmville ! < PROPFIRST > was tending their cows when an adorable Baby Calf caught their eye ! This Baby Calf is already eager to explore the world on their own and is looking for a new home . Too bad VEAL IS DELICIOUS ! 
I'll kiss your hand . You won't see the smirk , beneath my lowered eyes . Nothing can get wise . All of my children are carrying knives . 
I've never sarcasmed someone into a coma before , but I'm up for the challenge . 
FINISHED WITH CLASSES FOR THE SEMESTER !!!!!!! two finals and I'm done . WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Is incredibly bored , and deppressed because he has nothiung to do until friday . I wish I could just take my finals NOW and go home ! 
you know what sucks about not having finals until friday ? Being stuck on campus with NOTHING TO DO while everyone else studies for , and takes , finals 
is playing pokemon red on emulator . All the pokemon profile pics inspired me ! 
can I take my finals now and go home ? PLEEEEEEEEEEEEASE ?!? 
If I only had the words to tell you , If you only had the time to understand . 
I can FINALLY take my FINALS and go HOME !!!!!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY ^_^ 
would find it HILARIOUS if we don't get snow after all this hype 
Will officially be incomunicado as fear as facebook is concerned until 1/17/2010 , thank you fucked up home computer . 
is back on campus and officially back in the world . WIN ! 
first class of the semester in T minus 27 and counting 
is done for the day , HOORAY for one class days ! 
I'm bored out of my mind and mildly depressed , anybody want to do something ? or somebody want to talk ? 
\I stayed awake for hours again last night . Searching for a reason to keep up the fight . I've made choices I don't regret . I've got problems I don't get ... \"" 
fuck everything . plain and simple . 
\The only verdict is vengeance ; a vendetta \"" 
Peace is a lie ; there is only passion . Through passion , I gain strength . Through strength , I gain power . Through power , I gain victory . Through victory , my chains are broken ... 
I must not fear . Fear is the mind-killer . Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path . Where the fear has gone there will be nothing . Only I will remain . 
is bored out of his FUCKIN mind . 
Just downloaded the Rock , Paper Cynic album \Some Songs for Some People\ " . YAY for nerd music . " 
I have a program to write , a paper to write , and a reading to do . All for tomorrow , and I just found out my grandpa died . can this day get any more depressing ? 
I still haven't done my paper , finished my program , or done my reading yet . WOOHOO for productivity ! 
Did the paper , the other 2 can wait 
So I get to be a pallbearer at my grandpa's funeral friday morning and then go to classes that afternoon . fuck my life . 
I am so amazeingly stupid its not even funny , why the fuck do I do this kind of shit . 
Night time , to some a brief interlude , To others the fear of solitude . 
is back on campus after grandpa's funeral . fuck this week 
Mors veniemus omnia 
In Vino Veritas ! 
\SEND IN THE CLERGY ! THEY CAN MOVE DIAGONALLY !!! \"" 
Thanks for the birthday happies everyone ! now SEND IN THE CLERGY ! 
CLASS FOR TOMORROW IS CANCELED !!!!!!! Which is good , because I haven't written my paper yet ! 
I am the snake who eats his tail , and slowly , slowly , I disappear ... 
I have a paper to write that I have barely started . PLEASE let them call off classes for tomorrow !!!! 
I'm running on empty ... thin im gona sleep < PROPFEMALE > zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
I would like to make an announcment : FUCK VALENTINES DAY ! 
Actually might be able to sleep tonight ! good bye facebook , hello PILLOW ! 
Approximately 100% of people who don't believe in evolution don't know what it is . 
The way my life has been going , I sometimes wonder why I don't just roll over and give up , then I remember , I'm doin it for the LoLz ! 
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKF 
honestly , I am sick and tired of haveing to deal with this shit ! My roommate is a FUCKING MORON ! 
There are times when it just isn't worth it to be awake . 
It sucks when you want to talk , and the only people you want to talk to are busy . 
FUCK ... MY LIFE ! 
When does silence become a noise ? When does solitude turn to isolation ? When the whisper of another's breath swallows your world ? When do you break the silence ? When do you step out the door ? And how do you find it ? 
My life is fucked , on almost every conceivable level . 
Empty spaces - what are we living for ? Abandoned places - I guess we know the score .. On and on ! Does anybody know what we are looking for ? 
Going on 6 months and I still bleed . DAMN I'm pathetic . 
swords , i wants them 
ok , THIS is AWESOME ! I just heard that < PROPMALE > Nye ( the science guy ) is going to be presenting < PROPFIRST > Hawking with the Planetary Society's Cosmos award in Cambridge UK ! That is enough concentrated science awesomeness to collapse the structure of the universe !!!!!!!! 
Just saw Oedipus . Pretty good , depressing as shit , but it's supposed to be , and they did it well . 
My English class is CANCELED !!!!! W00T !!!!!!! 
I just spent three hours doing sword drills and sparring , I'm dead on my feet . 
I have had 2 hours of sleep since friday morning ... WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Just downloaded all of the music to Starcraft , Starcraft : Broodwar , and all the music that has been released sofar for Starcraft 2 . NERDGASM !!!!!! 
Yeah , I can't bring myself to participate in this month . 
Good luck to everyone involved in Secret Garden , I'm comeing tomorrow ! 
WOOT ! Facebook doesn't fail on my parents new computer ! I no longer have to be cut off from the world when I go home ! 
PI DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Two by two , hands of blue ... 
My internet is being retarded 
It's sad , so sad , Why can't we talk it over . Oh it seems to me That sorry seems to be the hardest word 
some days it just doesn't pay to be sober . 
There have been a few times in my life wher I seemed to be doing pretty well , seemed to have everything under control . Sadly , this is not one of those times . 
First sleep since Saturday night . WOOOOOOOOooooooooo .......... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
I wish I were normal . 
I wish life would go back to handing me lemons , they smell better then piles of shit , and are so much easier to store . 
I should really write the paper due today at 1 pm . 
Finished my paper , now to goof off . sleep is for the WEAK !!!!!!! 
Sometimes ... life sucks . blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
When you cant run , you walk , and when you can't walk , you crawl ... 
I can haz skype ? I HAZ SKYPE ! 
( 905 ): View more from Ontario I just witnessed two drunk midgets fighting over a < PROPMALE > cracker . I can die happy now . 
( 905 ): I just witnessed two drunk midgets fighting over a < PROPMALE > cracker . I can die happy now . 
Running sword drills while listening to the Starcraft 2 theme songs = BEST DECISION EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
There are times when \I hate my life\ " just ... doesn't seem to say it . " 
Happy Zombie Jesus Day ! 
If I only had the words to tell you , If you only had the time to understand , Though I know it wouldn't change your feelings , And I know you'll < PROPFEMALE > on the best you can . 
I am dissapointed , I went to all the trouble of getting up at 4:30 in the fucking morning to go do Silent Witness stuff , and WBC doesn't even show ! 
this space intentionally left blank 
Here's the everlasting rub : neither am I good or bad . I'd give up my halo for a horn and the horn for the hat I once had . 
I just blasted white stuff all over the dorm lobby , and now it smells real bad . 
is worried out of his freaking mind ! 
Happy 420 to all the stoners ! 
Paper finished ... class finished ... no sleep in 6 days ... zzzzzz .... 
\There is no conclusive evidence of life after death . But there is not evidence of any sort against it . Soon enough you will know . So why fret about it ? \"" 
I am INCREDIBLY BOARD ! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness . It is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Please show your support . 
I don't want to spend the rest of my life , Looking at the barrel of an Armalite . I don't want to spend the rest of my days , Keeping out of trouble like the soldiers say . I don't want to spend my time in hell , Looking at the walls of a prison cell . I don't ever want to play the part , Of a statistic on a goverment chart . 
Peace is a lie , there is only passion . Through passion , I gain strength . Through strength , I gain power . Through power , I gain victory . Through victory , my chains are broken . The Force shall free me . -The Sith Code 
\I always have a back door\ " ? Xanatos " 
\This universe is full of creatures who act without the slightest understanding of what drives them to do what they do . \ " ? Qui-Gon Jinn " 
There comes a time when \Fuck it\ " is the only answer you've got left . " 
I is home 
MY BRAIN ... ASPLODE ... 
Starts work tomorrow night at 11 , so he won't be able to do ANYTHING this summer . sigh .... 
\Progress doesn't come from early risers — progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things . \ " -Lazarus Long " 
\Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity . \ " -Hanlon's Razor " 
Dream of me as the nights draw cold\ 
still marking time through Winter . \ 
You paid the < PROPFEMALE > and called the tune\ 
and you marched the band away . \ 
Take a hand and take a bow . \ 
You played for me ; that's all for now , oh , and never\ 
mind the words just hum along and keep on going . \ 
Walk on slowly --- don't look behind you . \ 
Don't say goodbye , love . I won't remind you . 
is working on his speech outline due monday . The speech is on mideval broad sword fencing . WIN ! 
hates his life . hooray for self pittying statuses ! 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace \ 
to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . ... 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least \ 
one hour ? 
\I stayed awake for hours again last night\ 
is going to sleep . fuck the world 
Take me to the room where the red's all red\ 
\ 
Take me out of my head-'s what I said yeah\ 
Hey take me to the room where the green's all green\ 
And from what I've seen it's hot it's mean 
Don't you hear my call\ 
Though you're many years away ? \ 
Don't you hear me calling you ? \ 
All your letters in the sand\ 
Cannot heal me like your hand , \ 
For my life\ 
Still ahead . 
Sail away sweet sister\ 
Sail across the sea\ 
Maybe you find somebody\ 
Who loves you half as much as me\ 
My heart is always with you\ 
No matter what you do\ 
Always be in love with you 
is on a classic rock bing . < PROPFEMALE > + Bowie + Zeppelin + Kansas = WIN ! 
Like\ 
this status and i'll write something I like about you on your wall . 
has to go to work soon ... * cries * I < PROPMALE > WANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA * pout * 
I am pain\ 
I am real . \ 
I'm not a dream . \ 
I'm the chain around your neck as you scream . \ 
Surrender now\ 
You can't beat death at his ruthless game . \ 
Make your bow\ 
< PROPFEMALE > your head in shame 
FML . that is all 
is bored , so he's being a creeper on facebook 
I think i'm officially an emotional masochist . 
\STOP RHYMING ! I mean it ! \ " \ " Anybody want a peanut ? \ " \ " AUGH ! \ " ^_^ " 
is pissed at Pidgin 
So apparently downloading the newest version of Pidgin deleted all of my AIM buddys . GREAAAAAT .... fuck 
slowly , slowly , we circle the drain . 
ok , this weekend went from EPIC to Awesome , and now from Awesome to cool . PLEASE OH PLEASE DON'T CHANGE AGAIN ! 
Just finished with working with Silent Witness at the lancaster pride fest . Got to go home early because the protesters got tired and left ! LOL ! 
FML , that is all . 
What's the difference between England and yogurt ? Yogurt has an active culture . 
Anybody else think it'd be a good idea if i drank myself into a coma ? I think it would be a FANTASTIC idea ! 
\On our feet is where we're gonna land\ 
hates when he sees that people are logged on , goes to chat with them , and then facebook tells him it was lying . FUCK YOU FACEBOOK ! 
I got the most epic gift i have ever goten innmy life last night , and for no apparent reason ! My dad bought me a set of scottish smallpipes ! I have wanted to learn how to play bagpipes since i was SIX ! EPIC WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got off work early because he was feeling sick . sometimes feeling sick has it's advantages . 
note to self , apparently drinking alone doesn't ALWAYS help with night time emoness . who would have guessed . 
when life gives you shit , make it into a hug pile . then when someone else complains about lemons you can LOOK AT THIS GIANT PILE OF SHIT ! 
it's 8 am and i want a drink . this is NOT a good sign for the rest of the day :( 
there are some times when you just have to suck it up and say it . i need a hug :( 
Found out i have to work tomorrow night as well . FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
sometimes i wonder ... other times i'm certain . 
only one day off and already i have to go back to work ... sigh . when does the semester start again ? 
is seriously considering just not leaving his room until it's time to go back to the dorms . 
was sent home from work sick . and now can't sleep . fml 
Just got his gun load out for HVZ and managed to smooth talk it past his parents ! now i just have to hope that the MU game of HVZ actually gets off the ground . 
-\ 
\Dear\ 
Time to attempt that most elusive of all things , SLEEP ! not likely , but i'm gonna try 
May have made one of the biggest mistakes of his life to date last night , but in so many ways it was SOOOOOO worth it . 
is free tonight and tomorrow . If any of you nuts wants to do something just let me know ! 
is so happy right now that i can hardly see straight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Driving up to visit the gf tomorrow ! ( it feels so weird to say that ! lol ) 
Just got home from my Angel's house . ( lol puns ) Miss her already :( 
MU financial aid needs to go die in a fire . 
going to see the cadets tonight before work . why ? BECAUSE I'M BORED ! 
weekend was amazing . loved having Angel Henninger here to visit ! 
HOORAY for last minute plans and hour and a half drives ! see ya tomorrow Lanc . 
has to work tonight :( but it's my last week :D 
only one more night of work ! 
NO MORE WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has an entire freakin WEEK free ! WOW ! so if anyone wants to do shit , hit me up ! I'm free every day until saturday . ( except thursday , visiting Angel ) 
' s kilt just arrived in the mail ! FUCK YEAH !!!!!!!!! 
had a fun night hanging out with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > Grasso ! 
Going to visit Angel Henninger tomorrow ! can not WAIT to see my angel ! x ) 
IT'S TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
only class today is a 9 am calc class . fun fun , but at least i can just be done for the day . 
is going to sleep before his brain melts . 
how come i manage to always say the exact WRONG thing ? * headdesk * 
gfdjfhftygdcfdjfhjgykdiugfskjfgfd 
hfvlkonsatvbyeuevatjaim 
i want to find a hole to crawl into and stay there . 
is an idiot . it has now been scientifically proven . 
Sometimes beating my head repeatedly against a brick wall until i can't think seems like a valid option . hell , sometimes it feels like that's what i'm already doing ! 
ANGEL COMES TOMORROW ! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ 
TODAY TODAY TODAY ! ANGEL IS COMING TODAY ! X-D 
Fuck you sleep ! I didn't need you anyway ! 
Is happy to finally have found a D&D group on campus . may the adventures of Pitr Hawklight meet with great riches and comrades who sleep soundly <.< >.> 
is bored out of his god damn MIND ! 
FUCK FIRE DRILLS ! 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on\ 
Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that \ 
people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The \ 
Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil \ 
Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . \ 
Will YOU make this your status for at least 1 hr ? 
just finished cleaning my room ! I also put dryer sheets in the intake and exhaust of the air conditioner , so the weird smell should officially be gone ! YAAAAAY ! 
woo for random all nighters ! if anyone needs me i'll be in my bunk . 
U U D D L R L R A B ! 
for those who have not hear , i have some news . I GET TO GO VISIT ANGEL THIS WEEKEND !!!!!!!!! I'M SO DAMN EXCITED I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MYSELF !!!!!!!! GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
3 hours of sleep , not enough . FML . going to see angel tomorrow . epic win ! 
i just used one of the air blower hand drier things to dry hat , arms , and shoulders after walking through a downpour to get to my class . WIN ! 
last to classes canceled because the university closed for RAIN ????? I ain't complaining , but SERIOUSLY ! 
will be leaving in a little while to catch a bus to catch another bus to borrow a truck to drive to visit Angel ! EXCITEMENT ! 
Back on campus . probably gonna crash soon because i got nowhere NEAR enough sleep this weekend . but it was worth it . <3 Angel Henninger 
Just spent almost 10 hours in the lab working on a project for 362 ! that is the longest continuous amount of time i have spent in there yet ! it SUCKS ! 
\An elephant : a mouse built to government specifications . \ " ~ Lazarus Long " 
gonna try and go to sleep again . hope it works this time :( 
couldn't fall asleep till around 3:30 . woo for 3.5 hours of sleep ! fuuuuuuuu 
Just got all his stuff transferred onto his new 500 GB external HD ! THANK GOD ! 
The Blackest Night falls from the skies , \ 
The darkness grows as all light dies , \ 
We crave your hearts and your demise , \ 
By my black hand -- The dead shall rise ! 
Is officially going to be able to visit Angel this weekend ! WOOOOOO ! 
\Please\ 
seeing my Angel tomorrow ! sleepy time now so i can get up early to catch the bus ! 
blah 
blargh . that is all 
Liver , you're a champ . sorry i do this to you . 
sleeplessness , thou < PROPMALE > a he < PROPMALE > less bitch . now i have to stay up all do if i don't want to fuck up my sleep schedule . 
Remember , remember the 5th of November\ 
< PROPFEMALE > for the Guy ? 
Sometimes i think i understand why i do the things i do , and then i come to my senses . 
another sleepless night . please tell me these aren't going to become a regular occurrence again . 
And what have you got at the end of the day ? \ 
What have you got to take away ? \ 
A bottle of whiskey and a new set of lies , \ 
blinds on the window and a pain behind the eyes . 
you know , sometimes being my D&D groups resident evil mastermind is kinda tiring , but at the same time it's SO worth it . lol 
it's like watching a train wreck in slow motion , and i hate every minute of it . :( goodnight world . hopefully tomorrow brings a solution . 
stick a fork in me , i'm done . 
put this as your status if you know , or are related to , someone who \ 
died in Serenity Valley when the Alliance overtook the 57th Overlanders . \ 
Remember those who were left to starve as the Independants worked on \ 
their surrender . The Alliance continues to kill innocent civilians . They\ 
created the Reavers !! 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this \ 
your status for at least 1 hour ? 
was going to go to bed . then i remembered i have to do my laundry . FUUUUUUUUUUCK ! 
:( 
for those of you that i have been talking about this with . I plan on getting this sword : http://www.armor.com/sword192.html and this dagger : http://www.armor.com/dagg134.html whenever i happen to have over a thousand dollars that i can just toss out for a sword . lol 
soooooooooo bored . 
Is sad . 20 minutes of solo drills and my legs were already tired . this needs to be fixed ! 
sometimes all you can do is go to sleep and hope tomorrow looks better . 
Sometimes i just want to copy someone's status , word for word , just to see if they notice ... 
this is kinda cool . going to see the new HP in IMAX tonight . woo . lol 
s home . sigh ... 
You know how they say you can never go home ? they're right :( 
sometimes i really hate people . ... scratch that . MOST times i really hate people . 
screw being home . can't wait till i can go back to campus tomorrow . 
I can still hear your voice on the trade winds\ 
I can still taste your tears on the foam\ 
But the lure of the tide that I'm feeling inside\ 
Will not rest till my heart finds its home\ 
Now my heart is the heart of the ocean\ 
There are storms on the sea in my soul\ 
I'm restless and deep\ 
And before I can sleep\ 
I must go ... where the black waters roll 
Back on campus and moved in , finally . 
Listening to Gregorian Chant at 7:30 on a monday morning . yeah , i'm a nerd . 
some mornings it just doesn't pay to wake up 
segmentation fault in assembly = RAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEE 
got rickrolled by the dinning hall today . WTF ? 
Had some rather interesting conversations with < PROPFIRST > Boyer , his girlfriend , and two of their friends tonight . Most interesting in deed ;) lol 
At this point it isn't worth going to sleep when i have to be up in under two hours . fuck you < PROPFIRST > Strait and your keeping me up talking until fucking 0'dark:30! 
when i don't sleep i feel like shit , when i don't sleep enough i feel like shit , and when i DO sleep enough i STILL feel like shit . i just can't win ! 
Looks like i'll be going to see Tron at midnight the night before my last final . you know what , it's SO worth it ! 
I'm bored so i'll bite . message me a number and i'll post something about you . 
\I'm so tired 
12 : I really miss you sometimes , but i don't think we could ever go back , and most of the time i don't think i want to . You are one of the most amazing people i have ever met . 
57843 : I miss hanging out with you in hs , and wish SO much that i had gotten to know you better sooner . lol . No matter what , I got your back . 
2713 : lol . I don't think i ever really knew you . Pretty sure we met a couple times in hs , but not often . Your statuses and posts are typically interesting . lol . awkward ... 
1308 : LOL ! You are awesome ! I miss hanging out with you at band in hs , and i'm glad i get to see you sometimes around campus . Rock on skinny < PROPMALE > ! lol 
Send me a number in a message and i'll post something about you . don't comment with the number , send it in a message . 
677 : You seem like a fun person . I hope i get a < PROPMALE > to actually meet you someday , but probably not . You have a gift for writing ... interesting stories . lol ! 
23 : if someone had told me back in hs that we would end up being this close i would have laughed in their face , because obviously you hated me . LOL ! Honestly , you probably know me better then anyone else on the planet . I don't know what i'd do without you . You're one of the most important and influential people in my life . No matter what , I'm always here for you . anything , anytime , anywhere , 100% 
Has been on a nonstop Beatles binge for the last three days . This may be getting a little unhealthy . lol 
I quit . game over . 
i think i'm gonna crash before i make someone else miserable too . oh the joys of life :( 
apparently i'm not allowed to log in to the millersville network . wtf ? RAGE ! 
This having nothing to do on weekends really needs to stop . seriously . 
sleep , that eternally elusive temptress , is right up there with < PROPMALE > as far as \things i can't seem to find\ " go . she's also a bitch . " 
i'm out . barely slept all weekend , gonna try and fix that now . lets hope it goes better then my last few attempts . 
In class I said \this philosophy paper would honestly be a hell of a lot easier to write if i could legally drink . \ " my philosophy prof agreed . " 
paper is as finished as it's going to get . supposed to be 3 pages and i stretched it out to 2 1/4 and can't stretch it anymore . It'll have to do . 
Alcohol is my anti-drug . wait ... 
TRON Legacy is more awesome then the universe should be able to sustain . It was one GIGANTIC CONTINUOUS NERDGASM ! 
this exam is gonna suck balls . 
it did . fuck :( 
Is it time to go back to campus yet ? 
HHS jazz concert was good . woo for being alumni ! 
grrr !!!! got maybe 3 hours of sleep total last night , tired as fuck , still can't sleep , dammit :( 
sometimes life is good . for everything else , there's alcohol . 
so what am I doing the day after christmas ? sitting at my computer downloading myself a gift , the Tron Legacy soundtrack . win 
can i go back to campus yet ? PLEEEEEEEASE ? 
Just ordered his textbooks from amazon . Even if i had gotten all used books from the school store I still would have ended up paying over $100 more . WTF ???? 
needs something to do this week . HELP ??? 
Ever get really fucking depressed for no real reason that you can point to ? yeah . feels baaaad man . 
You and I wake up to the zombie apocalypse . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? If you comment , you must copy and paste to your status so I can comment on it . 
Just downloaded a crap-ton of new music . WOOOOOOO ! 
In response to all those disappointed Eagles fans ... FUCK YEAH PACKERS !!!!! 
\For time it comes 
To all of you freaking out that you're now a different zodiac sign , i have one thing to say . Who gives a shit ?????? It's not as if it has any bearing on your real life ! astrology is bs , always has been , always will be . 
Leveling my character for my castles and crusades game tomorrow . I haven't done this in far to long . Just realized that I actually have accrued enough experience since i last checked to gain 2 levels . * facepalm * 
sunday . ... sunday . 
needs a drink . ugh 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just beat Dullahan for the first time in < PROPFEMALE > Sun : The Lost Age !!!!!!!! SOOOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!! ( i am SUCH a nerd ! lol ) 
Packers FTW !!!! 
Moves back to MU tomorrow ! HELLS YEAH !!!!! 
back on campus ! WOOOOOOO ! 
Just bought Minecraft . Goodbye life ! 
* sigh * 
FUCKING FIRE ALARM AT 5 IN THE FUCKING MORNING !!! RAAAAAAGGGGGGEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
* sigh * it's weird what music seems just perfect for your mood . * zones out listening to Pink < PROPMALE>'s The Wall * 
first class canceled . WOOOOOO ! 
fuck being sick :( 
Minecraft has swallowed my soul . I'm not sure i even regret it . lol 
Goodnight world . Hopefully things will look better in the morning . 
Got to my only class today only to be told by the department chair that our prof was sick so class was canceled . WIN ! 
\She's so good with her stiletto\ 
Sleep is for the week . ME HE MAN ! 
goodnight world . maybe tonight i'll be able to sleep . i hope so . :( 
PACKERS FTW !!!!!!!!! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . 
My brain has been broken . 
Actually had a good time tonight . woot ! 
Valentines day : A day for lovers and couples to reaffirm their bond , and for the rest of us to get smashed and forget . 
Tomorrow Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow < PROPFIRST > Zuckerburg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains and un-check the \Tasty\ " box . Please copy and repost . " 
Sometimes , the only thing to do is pour another drink and try to forget the world . 
bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! lab write up ? nah ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! bored ! 
these are the kind of nights when sobriety learns to back the fuck off and give me my space . 
i've been sitting here surfing the internet since 6 . i really need to find something better to do . lol 
\A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain . \ " -Lazarus Long " 
sleep is for the weak 
Standing in the corner , < PROPFIRST > drinks his pint of bitter , \ 
Never glancing in the mirror at the people passing by . \ 
Then he stumbles as he's leaving and he wonders if the reason , \ 
Is the beer that's in his belly or the tear that's in his eye . 
\ ... I'll be in my bunk . \"" 
Goodnight sweet Kraken . 
Goodness gracious ! I do believe it's past my bedtime ! Goodnight Facebook ! 
can't wait till the dorms open . Been on break all week and the only people I've been able to see are my family . grrrrr 
Back on campus . FINALLY ! 
I fucking love sitar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The yearly MU book sale starts tomorrow in the library ! tagging people I think might be interested and not already know about it . Danne Hippensteel , < PROPFEMALE > Hensel , < PROPFIRST > Schiel , < PROPFIRST > Strait , Kat Leis , Boleslaw Dart , < PROPFIRST > Boyer , < PROPFEMALE > Molkenthin . I'm getting up to go before my class tomorrow ! WOOO ! 
HAPPY PI DAY !!!!!!! ( yes , i'm a nerd ) 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . < PROPFEMALE > Szarko , Manny Tirado , < PROPMALE > Stenson , < PROPFEMALE > Zevallos , < PROPFIRST > Smith . Well , I got this . For the rest it'll just be who can keep up . lol 
Tonight at dinner , I almost licked some peanut butter pie off a girls tongue , in a completely non-sexual way . Not even kidding . Gotta love college . LOL ! 
* sigh * ... just ... fuck today . i'm to tired to deal with this . 
If you saw me in a cop car , what would you think I got arrested for ? Post this as your status and see what crimes you get accused of . 
Just watched < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . Always so much win . Now I'm listening to the soundtrack ! WOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! lol 
bored bored bored . I think i might take a walk . ... maybe . 
heading out for a walk . blargh 
I need to learn that sleep is not my enemy . then again ... is that really true ? * shrug * oh well . 
BLARGH ! 
First class today was canceled . WOO ! 
Has yet to eat today , and won't have a < PROPMALE > to eat until dinner . WOOOO for unintentional fasting ! lol 
You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ..... 
only class today has been canceled . WOOOO !!!!! 
\There's a sign in the desert that lies to the west\ 
sometimes life just kinda sucks . :-/ Here's hoping this week is better . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends and family are . Leave me a 1- word comment that best describes me using the FOURTH letter of YOUR LAST name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy . That's no fun . 
fuck yeah , paper is finished . time to sleep . 
just finished registering for classes . Didn't get everything I wanted , but it should at least be an interesting semester 
People suck . this is all 
I'm perfectly fine all winter , but as soon as it starts getting WARMER i get SICK ?????? REALLY ?!?!?!?!?! 
is incredibly excited for tomorrow . It's gonna be SWEET ! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
Of course I'm talking about the Retro Gamer Rave in Buroughs at 8pm , what did you think I was talking about ? 
having second thoughts about the rave tonight . just not sure if i really feel like going . blah 
Happy Zombie Jesus day !!!!!!!!! 
Who needs sleep anyway ???? a CS project is SOOOO much more important . especially one due today at 10 am on which i hit a wall around 4 am . FUUUUUUUUUU- 
I guess I'll crash now . been up for almost 36 hours straight . no big deal . 
is playing pokemon red . FUCK YEAH ! 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
so bored . blargh 
C-3PO : We seem to be made to suffer . It's our lot in life . 
so tired , but i don't want to sleep :( 
doesn't want to go home :( 
Is gonna be heading home in a few hours . * sigh * until the fall Millersville , until the fall . 
does not want to be home . :( 
“Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right . If everything did , you’d be out of a job . ” - Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering 
“I think Microsoft named . Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing . ” - Oktal 
One last quote , because it's awesome and true . lol\ 
“Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer . There are three , of course : laziness , impatience , and hubris . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wall 
end of line . 
Yesterday a morning came , a smile upon your face . \ 
Caesar's palace , morning < PROPFEMALE > , silly human race , \ 
On a sailing ship to nowhere , leaving any place , \ 
If the summer change to winter , yours is no disgrace . 
SOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOORED ! 
