We were a little ways away , but it was spectacular ! 

Pyramid Peakers .... the CFI Blog is up ! We look pretty Good ! ! 
56 Days till the first day of Fall ! 
I found a New Trail this morning .... seems like I said that last week , OH wait , I did !! I can't help it if I live in the best mountain biking area in the world . ( or maybe I don't ride enough ) 
\You must be the change you wish to see in the world\ " Mahatma Ghandi " 
Out to the Edge Portage and back , nice night for a ride . we'll miss you Timmoni . 
All this rain is messing with my riding time . I like to leave good tracks , just not tracks in the Trail ! 
Long ride through fabulous country with amazing friends old and new ... How good can it get ? And WE Live Here ! 
The really nice thing about Organic Gardens , is all you have to do , is wash off the ditch water ! 
It's good to be home . however ... I didn't trim my toe nails before I left ... 
Wow . I just dumped 58 trash out of my E-mail ! Now I take my shower . 
You know you had a good time when upon returning home it seems that you had left long , long ago . 
SHHHHH . ____ Do You Hear That ? _____ Winter 
I get to spend another weekend out in the Colorado Wilderness . Going to the Uncompahgre Wilderness outside of Ridgway .... Want to come along ? 
Looks kinda Soggy this weekend ... might be best to stay home . But ' No Blood , No Mud , No Fun ' ! 
You need to be the change you want to see in the world 
The National Weather Service Says \ ... Then cool off to below normal values by early next week\ " OOOOhhh Yeaaa . do you hear it yet ? -Winter- " 
... The hypocrisy that Obama wants every citizen to prove they are insured , but people don't have to prove they are citizens 
Often it's in the winds of change that we find our true course 
It has come to a point that I now realize , I had better not sign-up for Mornings .... 
This weekend is complete . Just got a note from a long lost friend . 
We are what we repeatedly do , Excellence , therefore , is not an act , but a habit . Aristotle 
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go . T . S . Eliot 
Road Trip . Back in a few days . Couple changes of clothes , tooth brush , camera . I'm ready . 
Portland Oregon , the city of weard . We had a serously good time , but it's good to be home . 
Can you feel it ? Can you Hear it ? The cool is easy , but the leaves in the trees are starting to sound a little crisper . Do you Know What that MEANS ? ? 
Recreational Skier ; Someone who heads to the slopes for the sheer love of skiing , not to mention the sheer love of driving long distances in heavy traffic , the sheer love of traveling with small children , the sheer love of standing around and waiting in line , and the sheer love of paying enormous bills 
With the clouds laying in low , and those temps are down just a bit , nightime comes a little sooner .... It is time to tune those skis ! 
Skiing ; The < PROPMALE > of catching cold and going broke while rapidly going nowhere at great personal risk 
Wouldn't it be cool if the Powderhorn Web Cam had a Zoom so we could see the slide on Showdown ? 
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is fruit , Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad 
I'm a conservative , conservative . I haven't bought my Paint Ball Gun yet ... 
Ski Area Boundry ? What Ski Area Boundry ? I didn't see any Ski Area Boundry ... 
Being Correct does not excuse a Violation of Good Form 
I used to say \were going to build this place up till we won't want to live here anymore\ " Than I say the lunch loop parking lot today ... it's good that the kids have somewhere to go .. " 
You'r never lost , If you don't care where you are . 
Some people do many things poorly , but it takes real talent to do a few things well 
Great Friends , Beautiful Places and Good Times , just dosn't get much better than this .. 
' The older I get the more I realize , it's not how smart I am , but how stupid I have been ' unknown 
Can You get an Exit Wound ( soft tussue ) from 110 volt househlod current ? 
Weekend ..... Beer Run ..... Sleep in .... Maybe the Honey-Do List ... Life is Pretty Stinking GOOD !! 
\ ... Just leave this long haired country boy alone ... \ " ?? " 
Winter came down to our home one night\ 
Quietly pirouetting in on silvery-toed slippers of snow , \ 
And we , we were children once again . \ 
~ Bill < PROPFIRST > , Jr. 
The ski bum trades security for face shots , the future for the moment . Considering how hollow the promise of a corporate career has become , who can say the ski bum is not the wiser investor in his or her youth ? ~ Author Unknown 
If your in the food service ... don't wait tables dressed like a ZoMBIE ! 
The ski bum trades security for face shots , the future for the moment . Considering how hollow the promise of a corporate career has become , who can say the ski bum is not the wiser investor in his or her youth ? ~ Author Unknown 
\I don't feel I should need to cite my sources . The world simply needs to view me as the authority I am and allow my word to be enough . * definitive nod *\" One of the smartest people I know " 
Live With Intention , Walk To The Edge , Choose Without Regret , Do What You Love , Live As If This Is All There Is ... ' 
A\ 
Veteran is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank \ 
checkpayable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and \ 
including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many \ 
people in this country who no longer remember that fact . 
You\ 
can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline - it \ 
helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , \ 
but at the very least you need a beer . -- < PROPFIRST > Zappa 
Snowflakes are one of nature’s most fragile things , but just look what they do when they stick together . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > M . < PROPFIRST > 
Is wondering what Ski Wax to put on ... If I only put it on once a season .. Blue , Purple or Yellow ? 
The sensual caress of waist deep cold smoke .... < PROPFEMALE > in skiing virgin snow , in being the first to < PROPFIRST > the powder with the signature of their run . ~ Tim Cahill 
Powder snow skiing is not fun . It's life , fully lived , life lived in a blaze of reality . ~ Dolores LaChapelle 
My Toe Nail Came Off Today ..... More to come ... 
Summer Sucks 
When it comes to skiing , there's a difference between what you think it's going to be like , what it's really like , and what you tell your friends it was like . ~ Author Unknown\ 
known 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
The best moments of your life are when you are being your authentic self . When you are in your creation and doing what you love to do , you become what you really are again . You are not thinking in that moment ; you are expressing . Your emotions are coming out , and you feel great . ~ Stolen from < PROPFEMALE > Grimes 
“Three things tell a man : his eyes , his friends and his favorite quotes . ”\ 
Quotes Daddy 
Oh Yea Baby ! We are in the middle of the Best Looking coma cloud storm we've had in a long time ! We get roughed up with the first round , snowed on for a while , then the wrap-around gets us again !! Life just dosn't get any better than this ! Yippie !! 
AH :( So Sad , Nothing on the ground here , and(what really hurts ) nothing on the ground at my ski area . We missed it . But .... More perfect Bikin weather !! 
* A Wake Up Call * We lost one of our own today in an Avalanche at Wolf Creek . \ 
Before you go , know the snow ! Don't let the early season Jones get you in trouble . \ 
We want you to come back ! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , can breathe fire . Ninety-three percent of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons ; 6% of people are sitting i ... n the shower , armed with fire extinguishers ; and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
“\ 
If we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant : if we did not sometimes taste of adversity , prosperity would not be so welcome . \ 
by < PROPFEMALE > Bradstreet 
Happy Thanksgiving My Friends . So many blessings and ... YOU ! \ 
God Bless You , and this Day . 
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain . ~ Author Unknown 
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things . ~ Epictetus 
We need to be the change we want to see in the world . 
WARNING ... PLEASE READ : If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , it is a scam , they just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status , I wish I had received this yesterday . I feel stupid now ! 
Change your FB profile pic to your favorite cartoon\ 
character from your childhood memory . Invite your friends to do the same\ 
until Monday Dec 6 .. The goal is to have no human faces on FB but an\ 
invasion of memories ... Join the fight against\ VIOLENCE ON CHILDREN " 
\It is the weak man who urges compromise -- never the strong man . \"" 
TEMPERATURES WILL CONTINUE TO BE SEASONABLY WARM THROUGH\ 
THE LONG RANGE . 
It's National Daughter's Week , so if you have a beautiful daughter that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . I am blessed to have one . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Hadn't atta . simply means NO .... right ? 
Powderhorn Postpones their Opening Day . We will have to wait for the rest of the story ... 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > , there is a < PROPFEMALE > Claus . He exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist , and you know that they abound and give to your life its highest beauty and joy . ~ Printed Tuesday September 21 , 1897 New York Sun 
. SHORT TERM ... TONIGHT THROUGH MONDAY\ 
SIMPLE FORECAST MESSAGE TODAY ... SNOWFALL IN THE HIGH COUNTRY ( ABOVE\ 
9000 FEET ) WILL BECOME PHENOMENAL WITH EXTREME SNOW TOTALS PERHAPS 6\ 
FEET ... ALTHOUGH 2 TO 4 FEET WILL BE FAIRLY COMMON . National Weather Service as of 3:10 PM today 
You know you've been on FB too long when you move the curser to look out the Window ! 
Awesome Weather Forecast ... It's too bad Powderhorn can't capitialize on it 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along , I did 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > , there is a < PROPFEMALE > Claus . He exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist , and you know that they abound and give to your life its highest beauty and joy . ~ Printed Tuesday September 21 , 1897 New York Sun 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I want you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also family . I < PROPFEMALE > family ... & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! 
How crazy is that , we had to wait till the End of December to get snow 
So , Anybody going to the Horn tomorrow ? 
Now Tha snow will start getting Good ! Just can't wait ... 
In the coming New Year , both Groundhog Day and the State of the Union address will occur on the same day ! It is an ironic juxtaposition of events : One involves a meaningless ritual in which we look to an insignificant creature of little intelligence for prognostication , while the other involves a Groundhog ! 
Run toward your problems , not away from them . They will catch up with you anyway . ~ < PROPMALE > Demerly 
We are what we repeatedly do , therefore Excellence is not an act but a habit 
I've got a special project in the shop ... And I am in need of some Bike Parts .... Specifically ; Small Chain rings ( like from old Cassets ) and Old Chain , maybe an old spoke or two ( but I can < PROPMALE > from the discarded front ) Anyone ? anyone ? 
Took a while but I landed my New Skis ! 100 Under Foot 30% Rocker ! I'm SO ready !! 
Right now , poised at the edge of the galaxy , Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet ! I alone have information that reveals this weapon's only weakness . And * you * , my friend , are responsible for delaying my rendezvous with < PROPFEMALE > Command ! \ 
~ Buzz 
After careful review of my Hometown Ski Area's Snow Report .... They did pretty good ! But I still made the right choice to go to the Highlands Bowl .... ;) 
The Brain : Are you pondering what I'm pondering ? \ 
Pinky : Yes Brain , but if our knees bent the other way , how would we ride a bicycle ? 
SOME PEOPLE ARE LIKE SLINKIES - NOT REALLY GOOD FOR ANYTHING BUT THEY BRING A SMILE TO YOUR FACE WHEN PUSHED DOWN THE STAIRS . 
IF YOU CAN'T FIX IT WITH A HAMMER , YOU'VE GOT AN ELECTRICAL PROBLEM . 
We all know there is no such thing as a stupid Question ... There is however , such a thing as a stupid mistake ... 
My friend and I are thinking about Fat Tire Festival . \ 
We want to hold a campsite all week . Anybody want to help make this 18 Road Central for a week ? I was thinkin about that campsite in the middle with all the spots , we'd need some cars to help hold the place . What do you think ? 
When injustice becomes law , resistance becomes duty . \ 
~ Thomas Jefferson ~ 
????????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
? If you have a gorgeous daughter(s ) , put this as your status ? ? \ 
????????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
The weather service says up to 14\ by Friday morning at the Horn . Could be the calm before the storm . Allways gets warm before it snows ;) " 
Powder Day ! At least the first three hours .... 
I ask that all legal gun owners to post this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment , and you are not afraid to show it , repost this !!! ... I hope to see this re-posted by a lot by my friends . Remember , if we outlaw guns , then only outlaws will have guns . 
