Tuesday , Janurary 5th , I will be reading leaves at Sizizis . Would love to see ya there ! 

Ick . Home sick . 
SIZIZIS is <3 
That which feeds our spirit , that gnosis that is so real and thick and solid that we can feel it's weight in our bodies is what propels us to be more , do more . The metaphor , the myth that lends context for the gnosis , while beautiful , is not what nourishes us in the same way water may quench a thirst , but it is not enough to sustain us . Be vital . May the new year bring that which we need , along side joy . 
hit a brick wall . Down to the last five cards and I've reached a bit of artist block . 
I think I am going to be sentamental and finally fix the champagne flutes from my wedding . 
sepia . 
Teaching my Sister in Love to play poker . 
Work went well last night . Met some very interesting people , but I hate being stood up for appointments . 
Does anyone find it ironic that Lifetime is celebrating the new season of < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model with a twenty year old movie about a prosititue ? 
Kink FM 101.9 at 9:30 pm Pacific , my cousin Dmitri will be featured as part of Portland's local music scene ! I hope I can listen to it via their website . <3 
If you trust her , you will come to your right destination . 
I'm trying to find interesting applications for my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . Stuff like the XKCD link . I'm not having a whole lot of luck . 
I'm thinking about becoming a Locavore . 
My new favorite song ? Da da do by Dmitri . 
Mmmmm ... MicroSD ... 
Privilege . 
Dense wood + unique acustic properties = <3 
< PROPFEMALE > and pears . 
XKCD ... It's made of win and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Stinky herbs are stinky . 
I miss school . 
I miss school , but I do not miss homework . 
I'm playing D&D for the first time in my life tonight . I'm running a contest on Gaia to see who can figure out why I named my characters what I did . I am most amused . 
~ Gonk ~ Homework . 
I can't do the whole urbandictionary.com thing . I'm too unique . 
I had to get my fingers in some earth . I transplanted the < PROPFEMALE > I'm growing into a larger pot . The warmth is comin ' back around and it feels so good to stretch and have the sun on my face . 
Awesome day was awesome . 
Homework is finished . Now onto < PROPMALE > ! 
Sleepysleepy . Tomorrow I either clean , or make things all day . Which will it be ? 
Even as an adult , getting me to do my homework is like pulling teeth . 
Won't be around for a while . Real Life > Internets . 
Fancy dinner plans canceled . This means I'm going to wear pants after all . 
Food I am making for today's potluck : Blood-Orange Glazed Chicken with balsamic-chocolate drizzle . 
Hare dryer . 
Wish me luck on my C2010 Application test today . 
For game ? I'm making tacos ! 
Storybook Homes now has The Truely < PROPFEMALE > Collection and previews available on their website . 
Cooking chicken . 
I believe I shall bake a cake . 
Found an old horse shoe . 
Making soap . 
Off to go read tea leaves . 
I forgot the cucumber for my tabouli . 
Kombucha is <3 
I made coconut fish tacos tonight and they are WIN . 
Having so many cards cut for my decks has been one of the best things for my artistic and spiritual health . 
Note to self . Check dice before going to game tonight . See ! Web comics can teach you important life lessons . 
I'm going to check the birch trees . Wanna see if they're ready to be tapped . 
I made waffels from scratch . 
Too early to be awake . 
Films I want to see : < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , The Secret of Kells , Food Inc ., Avatar and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus . 
Off to game ! 
It snowed this morning , so I don't feel so bad that I haven't started my official Spring Cleaning yet . 
< PROPMALE > is happy and fat ... and he keeps trying to crawl out of his jar . 
< PROPFEMALE > was right . People who sew with long threads aren't in their right mind ! 
Added over thirty new songs to my playlist . 
So my Kombucha's name has changed . I thought about calling it < PROPFIRST > , but in retrospect , it's really more of a Hotaru . My sourdough is still < PROPMALE > , and I need to think of names for my yogurt and kefir . 
Trying to figure out what to make for game next week . 
Going to the Batik class tomorrow at the Procession studio ! I've decided that I am doing curry for Monday's game . The question has become Thai or Indian . 
Pay it Forward for Creative people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn , promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 peop ... le sometime in 2010 . 
I got up extra early this morning . Last night as I was setting out the sourdough starter , I was thinking about my Grandpa . Little known fact about me , I'm < PROPFEMALE>'s granddaughter . If you saw a picture of my Grandpa at the Beach , you'd know why I say that . With his beard , spectacles , pipe and old red suspenders with candy-striped socks . 
I am going to make cheese today . 
Mourn for those whom Saint < PROPFIRST > did kill And the faerie he drove back under the hill This day ' stead of drinking go Toll ye the < PROPFEMALE > and know T'was < PROPFIRST > that did end up in Hell - < PROPFIRST > Staples 
Odd as it sounds , I really think Dashboard by Modest Mouse is the best song in the world to dance the Funky Chicken to . I think it has to do with that beat . 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! 
Baking a Spicy Sourdough Chocolate Cake . 
My home made yogurt is delicious . <3 
Home made bread tastes so good ! 
Baking a thyme and seaseme seed bread today for lunch . That and some veggies and I'll be able to head over to < PROPFIRST>'s pretty soon . 
Damn that's good bread . <3 
Bread is rising . Sun is out . Life is good . 
I made my own version of Smuckers crustables . Oh my god are they good ! 
Somewhere between the worlds , I closed my eyes and I saw my soul outlined like a batik template . Sepia on blanke newsprint revealed a calm and peaceful strength I have never seen in myself before . 
is more of a sprocket than a wench . 
Zombies are un-dead . Yeshua has life everlasting . 
Damn . I just baked my best bread ever . Nothing I have made to date can even compare . 
This is one of those days where I notice that people who aren't pissed off aren't paying enough attention . 
Southpark . You rock . YAHTZEE ! 
Yay ! No more spam from Facebook . <3 
Off to the studio for me ! 
Pay it Forward for Creative people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn , promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 peop ... le sometime in 2010 . ( Currently have 2/5 ) 
Anyone need a Kombucha scobie ? 
XKCD , you are <3 
No water . No warning . Darnit . 
Water is back . Guess the work crew up the street finished . 
Wisdom from tonight's D&D Game : Flaming bag of holding filled with dragon poop and left on our arch enemhy's castle gate . 
Beware the Jubjub bird , and shun The frumious Bandersnatch ! 
Sometimes doing what's right means not sitting by silently . I hate those times . 
I think I have what I need to make a Steampunk outfit . Brown leather corset , white blouse , brown duster and a sash . I need boots and breeches . 
< PROPMALE > is drunk . 
XKCD- I love you . 
Folks have mentioned that a time lapse video of the Procession Studio would be cool . I agree- but on one condition . We need to have < PROPMALE > Hill playing over it . 
feels considerably less stressed . 
is doing a serious overhall on her recipes and attitudes towards food and meals . 
Next < PROPMALE > project- a steampunk mobile . 
Have you ever had a drink that was so spicy it made your inner ear itch ? 
WOOT ! My bread has risen . My cake is smelling delicious ! I'm excited . 
Uh oh . Cream Cheese Frosting or Butter Cream ? 
Good food and good company last night ! 
Current folks attending SummerStar in our tribe : < PROPFEMALE > ( aka Bastemhet/Sophist ) , Gordy ( aka Gho ) , AJ ( aka Hubby/Isakane ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( aka Illiezeulette ) , Deoridhe and my sister < PROPFEMALE > is coming over from the UK . Awesome ! 
Game night tonight . Either doing boardgames or Table Top . 
From Movingon.org: BREAKING NEWS : Large Air Spill at Wind Farm . No threats reported . Some claim to enjoy the breeze . 
Making cheese today . 
Best cheese I have ever made . <3 
Quinoa is sprouting . Cheese is packaged . Yogurt is fermenting . Kefir is strained . Kombucha is sparkling . Scoby is drying . Bread is rising . Sourdough starter is happy . \ 
My kitchen ... IT'S ALIVE ! 
is having a really shitty day . 
Anyone in Oly interested in going to Seattle tomorrow ? 
thinks moving to < PROPFEMALE > would be nice . I'd just camp out at Green and Stone . 
is making pomegranate molasses . 
I refuse to take AJ to the new A Team movie . 
Menu for game tonight : \ 
Fire bread , pomegranate beef kabobs , saffron tomato rice , home made cheese and < PROPFEMALE > oil with grilled artichoke , < PROPFEMALE > pepper , onion and eggplant . \ 
\ 
Pizza and soda is okay now and then , but my gamers eat damn well . 
Game last night was less game and more D&D Dinner Party . 
Menu for next weeks game : \ 
Grilled cheese burgers , coleslaw and baked potato bar with custom milk shakes . \ 
The questions in my head currently amount to : Classic Bacon Cheese Burger or Tropical Burger ( or both ) and green onions or chives ( or both ) for the baked potato bar . 
toasty sandwich with sharp chedder , freshly sliced smoked ham and a spicy stone ground mustard 
I want to see the < PROPMALE > Hex movie . 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > so much . :( 
XKCD ... I've been making that joke in my head ever since I misread the < PROPFIRST > Larson cartoon . 
AJ just ate a pepper so hot it gave him a nose bleed . 
: now with anti-strep medication ! Yay ! 
The Catholic Sacrament of the Anointing of the Sick is something that can be administered for any illness , yet I rarely hear of anyone calling upon it except in the case of life threatening illness . Seems sad to me- a sacred act which is open to the faithful in times of distress being far under untilized . 
wishes she could make it to her father's grave to honor him and his sacrifice in the line of duity . 
is finally starting to feel better . 
Great . The window was left open and I woke up with an earache and a sore throat . ~ headdesk ~ 
