2011 is here and it is already starting out pretty shitty . Negative < PROPFEMALE > is in town . Not looking forward to the mess that will dwell upon me this year . 

Ugh waaay too early . I'm not used to this . Off to the docs for a funfilled day at the hospital . Rise and Shine !!! 
WOW some people are flippin ' NUTS !! I'm not going to mention any names but ppl forget how to drive when weather starts getting nice ! The heat is getting to some . Turn on the air or a fan . It might help . 
Man , alcohol makes some people coo coo ! I never realized this until I kept sober for these 5 long years . The drunks are making me want to start drinking with them just so I can deal . Then I can be Coo Coo < PROPFIRST > again !! Then maybe that would make an excuse & explain the method to my madness ! 
You know what just occurred to me as I'm thinking about the past few days & all the arguments that have unfortunately happened .. It really ticks me off when people doubt me all the time , especially when I put so much trust into others . That's when I blow . I'm sorry to everyone who I unleashed the beast on , truly . But am I really that hard to trust ? Critique please . Then I will fix my mistakes . ThankU & have a fab day ! 
Thanks for all the support guys ! I feel better already !!! :) 
Shopping with My Mom and Gma for my sisters wedding is a blast !! I'm also shopping for Vegas ladies ! Lots of dresses for sale ! I bought a few like u guys . I'm ready to go . I'm getting the ticket tonight . I'm so IN !! 
Waiting at the hospital waiting room AGAIN this week , for the third time . These r the highlight of my day !! HA It's gonna be a long day I feel .... 
Today was a loooong day . Been at the hospital since 9am & didn't get home till 3 , haven't ate anything besides carnation instant breakfast . I was locked out ! I didn't have my keys & pops wasn't home . My mom was @ work so I fed the birds and sat on the porch till 5:30 pm in the hardest chair on earth . I have no padding or glutes to cushion . its like skin & bone & metal . I could barely walk or get up . I need a pillow . 
RabbitVs . Crows in backyard earlier in the AM . The badass < PROPFEMALE > kept charging the crows , protecting the babies . The crows have been hanging around all day stalking the nest , cawing . I went & made a house for the bunnies . I hope they stay safe & warm . The crows killed a robin . I found the egg as evidence . Check out the mobilepics :( Stupid nasty crows . Anyone have a beebee gun ? Or is it bebe ? Whatever , you all know what I mean . 
SAVE THE BUNNIES !! 
Bunnies vs . Crows update : The status of the fort this morning when I woke , the side wall where we didn't put a brick fell over because of the crappy < PROPFEMALE > weather & rain . I made a new wall for the home & added a 3rd brick . The crows are still creepin ' so I put a scarecrow my mom had in the garage next to the baby bungalo . Bunnies-3 Crows-0 . < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > are some badass bunnies . Ninja style !! 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > , you are DA BOMB !! My mom just brought me the BB gun ! YES !!! Now I can be a sniper I've always dreamed I'd be . This flippin ' ROCKS ! Thanks Auntie < PROPFEMALE > ie !! Your the BEST !! Save the babies ! Banish the crows ! 
My new nickname is officially Snipa Sista thanks to < PROPFIRST > . Shoot the cannibal crows ! Guns are cool . 
< PROPFEMALE > White Efin ' Rocks ! She is on SNL right now . She was just talking about how loser's use facebook ! Now she's talking about penis . I LOVE HER !! Turn it on people ! 
Happy Mother's Day !! To all of you wonderful ladies who are always there for their babies . I LOVE Mama's and appreciate every single one of you ! Have a FABULOUS day ... I hope each of you gets spoiled rotten . You all deserve it ! 
Hottubs ROCK ! I feel all nice and relaxed . Now its sleepytime . Nighty night , sleep tight . 
I think I know all you need to know about adrenal glands and your thyroid after my doc appt this AM . Information overload . Hey , I look @ the glass half full ... At least I don't have to pay for classes ! :) 
\There are 3 sides to every story . There's one side . There's the other . And then there's the truth . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Vs < PROPFIRST > " 
Ahhhhh FINALLY , the rain has stopped . Thank the Lord . This is more like it ! Garage sale time this weekend in my neighborhood . I think I feel some retail therapy in today's future ... buying other peoples junk . I just can't help myself people . It runs in the genes . And it's fun , especially with Meemaw ! Lookin ' for that < PROPFEMALE > in the rough !! Wish me luck ! 
Rain blows . I enjoyed the beautiful weather this weekend and the events that went on . Monday sucks . Period . Sorry I'm complaining . Let's see ... the glass half full . Well , I caught up on my sleep ! Maybe Monday's aren't so bad ....... Naw . They still suck . 
UPDATE : < PROPFEMALE > family vs . Cannibal crows - Scarecrow tactics worked ! The crows haven't been lurking as much . During the home makeover , I checked to see if any life was in the nest , when I saw these two huge eyes staring up at me . The babies LIVE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > update : Sunday evening we saw the mama & papa along with 2 babies who hopped out of the fort . Almost the minute they got back there , kids in the backyard behind us , I believe caught one and took it in the house . I am not sure if they put it back , but hopefully it will be a good home for it & they will take good care of the < PROPFEMALE > . At least the baby won't get snatched up by a dirty bird anymore ! 
On my way to Toronto tomorrow in the A.M. I better go pack . 
Today feels like a fabulous day for a road trip . Toronto here we come ! 
Going to see the Falls ! I am loving this city already & I've only been here a day . :) Oh happy day !!! 
Trying to contain my excitement , waiting for the flight to arrive . There are lots of interesting characters in airports . I love people watching . 
is getting the party started . WOOT WOOT !! 
I love this bar !! 
Needs sleep . Body hurts . Tired . Rest . Help me . Please . 
is watching The Bachelorette right now & all I have to say is , what , a nut job . 
is locked out of the house AGAIN cause my garage door opener decided not to work today when I arrived back @ the crib . Damn . I'm hungry . Taco Hell is sounding really tasty right about now . 
My head just might explode today . < PROPMALE > A Dryl , where are you when I need you ? 
The Nisshin Maru needs to sink into the depths of the ocean , along with the other ships that kill whales . Then the sharks can get fed . 
Stuck in the sh*tty effin ' hospital again for only God knows how long . Story of my life . * sigh * 
I just want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday since the celebration has been going on for a couple weeks and I haven't had a < PROPMALE > to really thank everyone . I've had the most A-MAZING birthday ... the BEST ! Thank you for all of your wishes and company to partay with little ol ' me . I love you all !! 
\And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to bloom . \ " - Anais Nin " 
The results are finally in ! I not only have pneumonia , but it has a new teammate they are calling the flu that decided to grace us with its presence . How fun is this !! Double Whammy . That's the way this bia rolls . Bring it on bitches !! 
is thinking of ways to escape from this solitary confinement without been seen . My brain hurts . Ideas anyone ? 
just learned from < PROPFIRST > that the #1 use for bat doodoo is mascara . 
has a goose egg on the back of her head that hurts like a ..... hell , I could say a lot of horrible words right now but I won't post them . O happy day . I hope everyone has a better day then I've had . 
is feeling great even with this lump on my fathead . Stiff neck , big lump , little bruise , no blood . Its all good in the hood . AND I had visitors today . I just got done visiting with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and about to soak in the hot tub . What a great day !! Goodnight everyone ! Don't let the bed bugs bite . Sleep tight ! ;) ~ 
and ice packs are BFF .. 
can't freakin ' sleep . Ever . 
is chillin ' in the backyard enjoying the beautiful weather with her bitches . <3 
just finished painting the humongous boulder up @ the pond for the festivities this weekend . Rumor has it , it's a meteorite . I dunno about all that Trev ... are you messing with me or telling the truth ? 
is uber bored right now . Wii , here I come . 
can't wait to see my sista & her boo . I am their chauffeur this evening , after their late transportation arrives . They are lucky I'm am a creature of the night , and I love ' em so much . Otherwise they'd be < PROPFIRST > . ;) 
is finally laying in my own comfy bed @ my own house not being woken up every 6 seconds being told to take meds & go to the bathroom more . Relaxation is in order before the big weekend . Sleepytime 4 me . 
Now that rehearsal dindin is done all that's left is my lil ' sis and soon to be older bro's nuptials tomorrow afternoon . This is going to be a very fun day and even funner night . Let's get this party started ya'll!! YEEEEE HAAAAWWW !!! 
gettin ' our hair did drinking mimosa's . Countdown !! 
just experienced the bestest , funnest , most fabulous wedding EVER last night . 
is wiped out . 
is about to grub on some Panchero's with Molls cause the bia is hungry . Yum in my tum . 
would love to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > Dyrdek . Now how friggin ' fun would that be !? t 
keeps hitting walls and tripping over nothing because of this vertigo bull . I guess that's what I get for falling on my fat head twice in three days . The room Keeps spinning and spinning and spinning ... 
\Be who you are and say what you feel ... those that matter 
might be breaking up out of this bia today . It's been almost three long flippin ' weeks this time . God help me . 
was thinking about how great my mom is . She has been workin it for days and won't take a break when needed . Take a break . U deserve it . 
mama is so great . She tells me that she was going to be upstairs and call her if I needed anything . How cruel would that be if I called her while shes cleaning my room for me to come tell her I need her recline my chair !!! LOL EVIL ! Not doing that to mama !! 
discovered I own crotchless underwear . The bitch strikes again . 
Just spent the whole dsy sleeping . Now I can't sleep . 
can't stand the doctor I saw today . I wanted to ninja slap and kick him in his grill . That'll show that a$$hole . 
HATES steroids . And medication . And stays in the hospital that go on way too long . I can't think of anything else right now . I am in a crappy mood . Stupid GI doctor . That's all I have to say . 
is @ Tiger game . Its not raining anymore ! 
thinks it's a beautiful day today . 
It's beautiful out again . Lovin ' it . 
loves sleep . 
power is out . Time to break out the candles & laterns . 
is gettin ' my nappy farhead of hair did . Awwwww snap . 
can't believe how flippin ' < PROPFEMALE > it is . 
Am sitting in a waiting room . Bored . Very bored . It's sad how the cancer center is so packed nowadays . It's in the agua I think 
is going for a walk with mama & psycho . Too much energy for one little dog . We need to wear her out somehow so she will calm the hell down . 
\To see the good in people sometimes you have to squint . \"" 
needs to get out of this funk . 
is finally able to hottub it today . Awwwww yeah . My muscles are screaming for it . 
It's hot tub time . Awww yeah . 
is off to get all buff ' n stuff . 
can't sleep . It must be my throbbing headache and the fact that my mind won't shut the hell up . 
feels like total sh*t on this beautiful day . 
thanks God for not getting admitted to the hospital & letting me sleep in my own bed . Amen . 
Wishing everyone a fantastic Thanksgiving !!! 
loves Bully Beatdown . 
has been stuck in the friggin ' hospital with a eye infection and can't get out . I'm just glad I'm not driving right now with the blizzard outside and the crazies on the road . 
Home sweet home . Oh how very sweet it is . 
Hallelujah !!! Jax has picked out our bridesmaid dresses . Now for the color ..... \ 
Time's a tickin'!! 
Sending prayers to my grandma who got a pacemaker today , and to < PROPFEMALE > who also had surgery . Join me . I love you both . 
Has seen the 2nd pink sports car driving on the road in less than a week . This one had a life size bratzz decal on the passenger door ..... 
Just relaxin ' in the hottub then suddenly the cover falls on my friggin ' head . I just keep telling myself , if it wasn't for bad luck , there wouldn't be any good luck at all . 
Why does shopping make me feel so much better ? 
Be Who You Are and Say What You Feel Because Those Who Mind Don't Matter and Those Who Matter Don't Mind . -- Dr. Seuss 
Get me out of here please . 
Is going to be first in line for tickets to the new < PROPFIRST > Beiber movie that is coming out soon . Hahahahahahahahaha 
has managed to get in another brawl with my body this past weekend . I remain victorious . My body can suck it . 
If I hear \Firework\ " one more time today I am going to check myself into an mental facility . " 
Needs a firework so all the radio stations that keep playing that song over and over can go boom boom boom . 
got all of my booster shots today since I haven't had them since the transplant . Thank God when your a baby you don't remember it . They all HURT . Now let's see what kind of reaction I get over the weekend . Wish me luck . 
got poked 10 times today before 4pm . I'm sore .... That's what she said . 
Enjoying laying in my comfortable bed ... hear the volume turning up in the other room singing \make ya go oh oh oh\ " . Mama jammin ' to the same damn song I keep bitchin ' about . God help me . God help us all . " 
Its 4am and I'm watching Spaceballs . Who wishes they were me ?? 
Apple products and I have a love/hate relationship . Today it's hate . 
