has to fix Masamune . Melchior said he needs red stones . 

is playing a ROM of Final Fantasy 1 as he is trying to make his dead phone work . 
has been spending the entire day trying to breed a gold chocobo . Maybe he should go outside . 
has defeated Ex-Death , Kefka , Sephiroth , and Ultimecia all in one summer . Now on to Kuja , then Jecht/Sin . 
did not get drunk on his 21st birthday . And they said it couldn't be done ... 
needs to think of a useful way to spend his time . 
wishes he waited for Dissidia to come out before selling his psp . 
ran out of pheonix downs and is nowhere near a item shop 
is playing Battlefield : Bad Company , a break from Final Fantasy . 
thinks that Nobuo Uematsu is a genius . 
just beat FFX for the 3rd playthrough . 
is listening to satchmo 
hates it when computers say they are low on virtual memory . It always seems like they start dying then . 
estuans interius < PROPFIRST > vehementi 
has jury duty tomorrow . 
wonders if smashing his playstation with a hammer will make it unfreeze . 
is at Dad's work , about to leave to go to jury duty ; hoping i'm out by 1:00 or so 
is up too early , by his standards . 
bowled an awesome score of 54 . By golf scoring rules , he came in first place . 
is reading Forgotten Realms novels . 
is not a beer person . 
thinks that R.A. < PROPMALE > may be the best author ever . 
wants a scimitar . 
wishes he knew what he has to read for Japanese history next semester , so he can get it over with . 
is listening to seether while trying to think of something to do . 
wants to sleep . 
wants to know what type of animal the grease comes from . 
wouldn't mind summer ending . 
is watching X-Files . 
has learned that super glue is hazardous , and should not be underestimated . 
has had a pulled muscle in his shoulder/back for like 2 weeks now . 
is playing a ROM of a translated , japanese super nintendo rpg . 
has been reading The Hobbit . 
is on the run from CIA hit squads . They think he has the cassette . 
is now becoming a trekkie . He has now become interested in everything nerdy he can think of . 
is eating low-quality popcorn while watching Planet of the Apes . 
had to delete almost his entire wall because of a moron . 
could pull the ears off a gundark . 
wonders if his teacher is ever going to grade anything . 
got a B on his < PROPMALE > exam . Way better than expected . 
needs a thesis . 
was just watching 3 deer eating from a basket of corn 10 or so feet from the kitchen window . 
went to the corn maize , got muddy but was never successfully startled . 
wonders if watching anime counts for studying his Modern Japanese history . 
has the death sentence on 12 systems . 
got the finishing attack on a Sith that was on fire while being held by a giant rancor . 
escaped Dunn , which smelled strongly of gasoline . 
finished Samurai Champloo . Epic anime . 
is laid back with his mind on his money and his money on his mind . 
, if he ever woke up as a doughnut , would totally eat himself . 
doesnt get the difference between live feed and news feed , because statuses show up on both . 
is playing silent hill 1 with the lights off and the volume loud . 
takes a nap every day and likes peace and quiet . He is turning into a grumpy old man . 
hates Saturdays . 
thinks he may be an undead . 
has stuff he should be doing , but he doesn't remember what it is . 
The IRD that had remained behind had come out of a smooth barrel roll and attached itself to him . 
just had 3 cups of coffee . Hazelnut ftw . 
hates fighting the monkeys that wield swords in their mouths . 
will have fridays off next semester , and only has one class on Mondays and Wednesdays . ( 15hrs ) 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it worked for you ! 
is a little like a leaf , I mean , I'm not a bowl . 
has learned that there are some big < PROPFIRST > . 
wants to use Facebook as a source . 
is going to be late for school because of youtube . Oh and facebook too . 
is a Treasure < PROPMALE > and trail-worn traveler , searching the world over for relics of the past ... 
is the young < PROPMALE > of Figaro Castle , ally to the Empire , and a master designer of machinery ... 
is < PROPMALE>'s twin brother , who traded the throne for his own freedom ... 
owes allegiance to no one , and will do anything for money . He comes and goes like the wind ... 
is reading The Wastelands by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
is a faithful retainer to his family's liege , with the courage and strength of a hundred men ... 
found over 100 black socks in his closet . 
is playing final fantasy < PROPFEMALE > . He is at the opera house part . 
' s dad was quoted in the Helmsman , protesting the ACORN guy . Sweeeeet ... 
is reading a boring book that constantly veers off-topic for useless details . 
can sing the song that never ends , longer than you can . 
doesn't care that he is supposed to be doing schoolwork , today is a holiday . Happy Halloween everyone ! 
is halfway done 
wants doughnuts . 
is playing Final Fantasy III on a NES emulator and playing Final Fantasy 6 on his playstation , at the same time . 
is going to change his name to < PROPMALE > . 
wonders of it is bad that I am relying far too much on the glossary of the textbook , for writing this paper . 
is fighting Kefka . 
... twizzlers ... 
time to begin my minimum 7-page paper on the Yakuza , due tomorrow 
1 ... < PROPFEMALE > ... left ... 
sardines in lousiana hot sauce : the perfect snack for 2:41 a.m. 
is grateful for his friends and family . 
obliterated both of his exams today . 
is blastoise for december . Hydro pump ftw 
is going to be the next < PROPMALE > Wonka , after he gets out of college . 
can get rid of his pokemon profile pic in 7 days . 
: But the future refused to change . 
has to go meet with the Guru of Time in order to learn how to bring back Crono . 
is starting up Final Fantasy IV 
had 4 classes from 9:40 - 4:05 , than came home and slept the next 5 hours . 
thinks that if everyone had a bowl of orange sherbet ice cream , there would be no war . 
played Memoirs ' 44 , Zoids , Zombies , a little Shadowrun , and something I can't remember . All in all , a fun day . Time for Logic homework . 
already has fridays off , so he doesn't get a snow day . 
No ! The car won't start and lightning is about to strike the clock tower ! He's going to be stuck in 1955 ! 
is expecting to have a hoverboard , auto-lacing nikes , and a flying car in 5 years . 
will solve < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s murder , as well as find out what really happened to the Carlyle expedition . 
loves February . 
still thinks Back to the Future II is better than III . 
: It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum , and I'm all out of bubble gum . 
' s brain is melting . It's making a mess . 
thinks he will be crushed by an airplane engine if he doesn't sleep on a golf course . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Darko for the second time in the past 24 hours . 
You throw your RING OF KEYS at the lock . They jangle uselessly against the door . You're not sure what you expected was going to happen . You sure can be dumb sometimes . The RING OF KEYS ammo is down to 90% 
hates having wet socks inside wet shoes . 
just had a twizzler in the same hand as his headphones . He accidently bit his headphone . 
falls asleep everytime he eats 6-7 slices of pizza . 
hears its amazing when the famous purple stuffed worm in flap jaw space , with the tuning fork , does a raw blink on Hari-Kari rock . I NEED SCISSORS 61 ! 
is a cardboard box ninja . 
has 5 boxes of Smucker's Uncrustables . 
told himself that he would start his paper at 10 ... 
mmmm ... lukewarm coffee 
overslept everything he was planning to do tonight . 
loves losing his keys when he's already late . 
is sick of writing papers . 
is going to start going by the name < PROPMALE > , since his teacher called him that , and he likes the sound of it . 
wonders if anyone dislikes the song Don't Stop Believing by Journey . I don't think it's possible . 
For the human race : D -O-O- M . Now it can be said that I would spell doom for the human race . 
had my first car wreck . Broke my tie < PROPMALE > , and damaged the other car's rear right passenger door and fender . My front left tire won't steer , so I probably won't be driving anywhere in the next month . 
is just now watching the Matrix for the first time . Is something wrong with him ? 
is stuck in the house with no car ... 
will sail the darkness of the cosmos with this planet as his vessel . 
My favorite shirt : 2005-2010 . R.I.P. 
just looked at his ACAD book from 2006 and wonders how he only got a B in the course . 
wishes he could go an entire day without a nap . 
will overdose on happiness , one week from today . 
will miss < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Awesome Show Great Job ... 
likes the smell of his 59 year old library book . Is that weird ? 
is done researching , now he just has to type 5-6 pages . 
knows his A B C's 
got A's and B+'s on all assignments ( 4-5 papers ) except for the final exam ( 40% of total grade ) . His final grade for the class is a C+ . He wonders how horrible he did on the final ;) 
is an uncle ! < PROPFEMALE > had her 8 lb . baby girl . 
thinks that strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for executive government . 
... Krauser ... 
IS DRINKING WATER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
activated the self-destruct system . 
made s'mores at Target for 5 hours . 
is Captain Basch Fon Ronsenburg of Dalmasca 
: Don't believe Ondore's lies . 
started cleaning his room , BUT THEN HE FOUND A YO-YO !!!!!!!!! He now has something to occupy his brain for the next 5 or 6 hours . 
' s quote of the day : \My mother is a fish . \ " \ 
MASS EFFECT 2 IS COMING TO THE PS3 !!!!! MASS EFFECT 2 IS COMING TO THE PS3 !!!!! MASS EFFECT 2 IS COMING TO THE PS3 !!!!! 
PEE-WEE'S BIG ADVENTURE !!! YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to know which tier 4 game he should eventually get : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , or platinum . 
wishes formal education ended at 10 years old , to give people time to roam the countryside catching and battling wild animals . 
' s glasses are broken . 
knocked out a midterm in under 10 minutes . Coffee helped . Now on to my lit paper . 
Hello . My name's < PROPMALE > Gump . 
hath vanquished the one known as red . 
just read a streetcar named < PROPFEMALE > , in one sitting . thought it was brilliant . 
' s Maserati does 185 . 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day ! 
is watching < PROPMALE > Gump for the 3rd night in one week . 
Schnucks , the friendliest store in town ... AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA good joke . 
habe ein mil cheetos gegessen . 
IS FINALLY MINECRAFTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
“Video games are bad for you ? That's what they said\ 
about rock-n-roll . ”\ 
~ Shigeru Miyamoto 
is working on his american lit presentation . WOOHOO ! 
forgot to turn off monsters on singleplayer 
doesn't want to set the world on fire 
< PROPFIRST > Nielsen : February 11 , 1926 – November 28 , 2010 . \ 
\ 
One of the greatest comedians ever . I'm going to have to watch airplane and the naked gun movies again . 
got rear ended driving to school tonight . My SUV was virtually undamaged , luckily . Still , there are very few sounds I hate more than the boom/crunch of a car hitting my car . 
thinks the University should have an adult-sized , Chuckie Cheese style ball pit . 
is watching Forbidden Planet , an old sci-fi from 1956 , when < PROPFIRST > Nielsen was a serious actor . 
well , all the weather in climate classes are at night , or are 3 hours long . this is what i get for waiting to pick my classes 
5-page lit paper and some fairly light homework . Projected time of getting to sleep : 2:30 . Why am I on facebook ? 
derp 
bleh 
Went to language settings of new video game . There is English , Espanol , and Francais , but no Deutsch . Extreme :( 
wants exam week to be over . 
w0000000t !!!!!!!!! B- in < PROPMALE > ! Best foreign language grade evah ! 
honestly wondered : \Why is she waking me up ? i'm a shapeshifting dragon . \"" 
got a < PROPMALE > travel phrase book for Christmas . Now I will have interesting , random things to blurt out in class !!!!!! 
has been watching public service announcements from the 1950s . 
Typewriters make me feel safe . 
just found out that I am a Gemini . I've lived my entire life thinking I was a Cancer . Now my whole view of the world is shot . Is anything real any more ? How do I know I even exist ?!?! 
being awake this early is unnatural 
Do you have my Sublime shirt ? I havent seen it in months . 
felt like teaching himself how to make an omelet , so he looked up a recipe on google . It expanded , stuck to the pan , and burned . After I put my failed experiment onto my plate , it looked into my eyes and said : \please ... killlll ... meee ... \"" 
thought he had two worksheets , then BAH !! one slid apart revealing a third . 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this ...... Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face 
slept from 7:30 til 6 . can't say i've done that in a while . 
I believe this is the 3rd snow day this semester that has fallen on a day that I don't have class anyway . 
jüst lëärnëd höw tö typë höw tö typë ümläüts 
felt strangely hypnotized . 
ate an entire large little caesar's pizza in one sitting . 
dreamed that his dog developed a cocaine habit . 
should seriously remember to log out when friends are over 
ugh ... 
\No\ " is not a suitable reply to \ " Hello . \"" 
Chun-Li is difficult to use . 
is sick of this humidity . 
will , for the next 24 hours , only answer to the name Storm Eagle . 
is having a night of coffee , homework , and Mega Man X for the super nintendo . 
8-bit Mega man music ftw 
time to start on my philosophy paper , while being tempted by 1000 more interesting things to do instead . 
Underestimated his paper . but now that it is finished , its time for < PROPMALE > . Coffee makes me industrious . 
thinks for the barrage of notifications you three . YOU ARE DISRUPTING MY PRODUCTIVITY ! 
can't fall sleep . NES game time 
< PROPFEMALE > syrup gets everywhere 
so a dating service for senior citizens is spamming my email ... don't think i'm interested 
5 hours of studying finished . Time to chill . 
Frühlingsferien !!!!!!! 
studied all night for a < PROPMALE > test last night . Because of this , < PROPMALE > words were floating in my head after waking up from a nap . The first thing I thought was Fahrkartenschalter ( ticket window ) 
book gunfights can be a lot cooler than movie gun fights 
the super mega happy fun time begins ! 
