when is my life gonna start ?.... 

ima go out of my mind if school doesnt keep me busy enough 
i think ill get a hobby 
is regretful but annoyed 
gotta headache for no reason yet again .... 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; youll be surprised what people remember about you .. 
just thinking ...... 
my head hurts ..... 
gotta volunteer in the wee hours of the mornin .... 
gotta luv givin back to ur community 
thank God for my teachers ... 
time to start studying 
yes !!! one final passed ... now to study for the rest 
:( i got a c ... 
oh my goodness !!!!! 
One more week !!! 
just relaxin before classes start .... 
gotta study ... cant concentrate ... maybe turning off the tv will help 
ok ... about the wedding ... the day is semi-officially may 15 2011 in denton tx which is the same weekend as me and marios graduation ceremonies 
finally got a bookcase for all those books :) i feel accomplished !!! 
i have never studied this long before ... tired ... 
ughhh ... night class should never be 3 hours 
next three weeks of tests ... :( 
today is a singing day ... my head is just full of songs ! 
Ecclesiastes 3:1 -8 R.I.P 
i cant wait to meet chavalier ( sha-val-yae) !!!! 
oh yippy yay ... my 3 day summer is coming up , i wonder what i should do ? :( 
Gotta study ... got two tests next week ... * wishing i had a break * 
it looks like im graduating in december 
im so excited ... my hybrid hubby is comin home today !!!! 
awww ...... the weekend :) 
wow ... i look like such a dork on my tagged pics lol 
Gonna see how i did on this test pretty soon .... a little nervous 
The jurys out .... I got an A ! 
Updating my resume so i can start the hunt .... 
Yay ... I got another \A\ " on a test ! " 
The last airbender was mediocre but eclipse was great ... 
Hope you had a great 4th ! 
ok ... lets get these finals out of the way 
Just got done with my final 
thought i would be elated but i just feel lost 
ok , i got an \A\ " and a \ " B \"" 
Lol ... This random older lady walks up to me and < PROPFIRST > and says \ your just with him cause of his cute green shirt huh ?... Lol how random " 
Woo hooo ! Oklahoma was fun ! 
the hunt is on !!!! (pray for me ) 
Landed my first interview and with one of my top picks ! I am so freakin blessed ! 
Getting my hair done today ... Finally 
kinda bored ... keep forgetting i have a class to study for lol 
Just finished a full body workout and little game of basketball ... Invigorating ! ( yeah , i probably spelled that wrong ) 
the first full week in 2 years that i dont have a test to study for or homework to do ... im gonna enjoy every moment ! i wanna play monopoly while im here in harker heights ... call me !!! 
Hopefully things will get better over time :( 
i think ima go to cali or something to clear my mind for a while 
i know i owe u guys an explanation but i just really dont want to talk about it yet ... just pray for me and if you want to pray for him too 
the wedding is back on and now it is gonna be around december 2010 ... i will have an actual date in a week 
finally about to start my classes tommorrow ... im so excited !!! 
today was just stressful but had some high points 
Ok ... THE official wedding date is ... ( pretend to hear a drumroll ) January 8th ! < PROPFIRST > your calenders ! 
Went and visited the pastor yesterday .... Now everything is falling into place . Props to the big guy upstairs 
Amazingly i got all my assignments in on time 
decisions ... decisions ... 
Thank you Lord ! I think the hunt is over ! 
My poor car needs to be towed ... bye bye car , see you soon i hope 
Happy B-day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
on my way to the state fair !!!! 
the fair was fun !... but my legs are paying for it 
gotta start studying for this test tommorow 
Finally made my own team !!! Go Green Plus Eagles !!!! 
We made a wedding website but its not ready yet ... I will post the link soon ! 
ughhhhhh ! why ? 
Thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday ! Honestly it wasnt good at all lol but there will be many more to make me forget this one .... LOVE YALL 
Getting our passports and sending out invitations .... finally 
i cant wait until this is over 
one more week until graduation ... I think the excitement comes when I take my finals .... we will see 
Now im excited ... I finished all my classes and I'm playing Monopoly today !!!!! 
Please rsvp to my wedding peoples !!!! Go to my links ! 
I honestly cried after seeing this http://bit.ly/wowwgiirl 
Im a graduate !!! .... What now ?... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Im at my wedding ... we are running late 
Made it to atlanta ... Next stop puerto < PROPMALE > ! Thank you everyone who could make it and thanks for your love and support from afar for those who couldnt ... Luv ya ! 
on the net at st maarten !!!! 
Back in puerto < PROPMALE > with my hubby !!! gonna be home by tonight 
Im excited !!! I think i have this job ... But keep praying for me ! 
I got an interview on thursday !!!!! Pray for me ! 
Just waiting for the call now .... 
Monopoly rematch !!! 
I won !!!!!! The champ is back ! 
No call yet so ... The search continues :( 
Its gonna snow today ! 
Snow sucks 
:) Married life is wonderful :) 
They havent decided on the position yet so please continue to pray for me .... I got a good feeling ... 
I didnt get the job 
going to killeen next weekend !!! 
Hope everyone had a happy v day 
who is going to young alumni 
Tired ... Just got back from < PROPMALE > .... Go < PROPFIRST > ! With 2 medals and qualified for nationals ! Wooooo ! Goodnight .... 
i got two extra tickets to the sunday rangers game in april ... let me know if anyone wants to go with us 
limitless was awsome !! 
rangers game was pretty fun besides the < PROPFEMALE > seats and the soda i spilled on myself ... lol , I would .... 
i wonder if i should just say \l\ " if i laugh inside instead of \ " lol\ " ... its like im lying ... " 
I think Im moving to Oklahoma soon .... 
I finally posted most of the honeymmon and wedding photos ... there are still some that i havent got to for the wedding yet 
Still praying for a job 
we made sushi ... mmmmmm :) 
Interview in Oklahoma !!! 
Just waiting and praying now ... 
sorry everyone ... the link to that age thing made my account send it to everyone ... 
Met my nephew yesterday ... Hes so adorable 
still loving the married life :) 
Going to look at houses and hopefully make an offer on friday 
