The music in the background mesmerizes my senses until my cell phone ushers out any calm i had by reminding me , so abruptly , that i do , in fact , still have responsibilities ... 

... which , for some reason , remain ignored . 
And further , they abide . 
SKA ! SKA ! SKA ! 
feels like his dried-out cigarette leavings ... 
aw , well , that could be anything ... 
i saw fireflies tonight ! so excited !!! 
it's too hot to not be at least partially naked . 
lost my keys ... ballz . 
found my keys . at the corner store . like a boss . 
is sleeping off his b-day \party \"." 
had a good birthday . 
... it's no longer a matter of pride . 
Galactically Incapable of Friend-Have 
chicken&spaghetti lazing inside extravaganza 
refuses to sleep tonight . 
show : saturday night : < PROPFEMALE>'s place . be there . 
Just watched a bitchin ' show at < PROPMALE>'s Music Joint . And it was great . HelioStasis rocked hard . Also , made friends with < PROPMALE > Street Lunatic from Lansing , MI . 
calling home . 
you see , you put that cat in a box , then you hit it with a stick . 
a raging THANK YOU to < PROPMALE > Coop , Eliot Able , and Kevan Loy for being the ONLY people to come to our show tonight ! The best we've ever sounded ever for any reason , and the rest of you missed out on some aural pleasure . :p 
had a great dinner with his lady . 
hooray iced cream ! you know how to make my day less boring ... :) 
Within 24 hours of the Autumnal Equinox . Way to go , self-fulfulling prophecy . 
i wonder if they'll ever put out a \fun sized\ " hadron collider " 
damn right , jake&kyle just found tons of purple pens on top of the alley trash . 
fucking cold . and raining . miserable again . i hate this season . 
is the 10 of clubs . 
is writing weird fuckin ' musics . 
cap'n crunch . oh , yeah , hungover-and-still-slightly-drunk < PROPMALE > , oh , yeah . 
truly , evil exists . 
@ < PROPMALE > horne : < PROPMALE > didn't make it to my house today ... i hope he didn't get lost ... i don't have a phone ... 
god damnit , man . 
is rocking out an old song ... will post today . 
i'm the drunk dude , you're the high dude , and together , we can get this done . 
damnit , didn't finish mixing that song today , but i'll post something . a new , and hopefully better version of \exciting\ " on the jkextravaganza < PROPFEMALE >." 
lingerie cataloguing all day ... what a halloween . 
halloween sucks . fuck that shit . 
i was hit on by girl that made me uncomfortable last night . no , she doesn't like sex . she just wanted to feel included . 
Check out The One Night Only Magazine ! Events and Release Dates to be posted soon ! 
actually , it's pronounced \lloyd \"." 
is clearly a fuckup . take note . 
back to the grindstone ... 
hates good things . killer weekend , guys . 
subway's flatbread is great . try it . yeah . i know i just advertised for the Man . now get one . 
happy pos t-t hanksgiving , fellas . 
omigod , i'm so glad we got that in stereo . 
fear is generally self-fulfilling 
actually , this may be very important . 
I am a Google Wave Whore . Also , Magazine First Issue Release Party Dec . 12th at The Reversible Eye . 
i hate cnn . 
anyone see that spectacular < PROPMALE > gaffe ? couldn't have been invented better . 
happy winter . 
C-SPAN 2 is featuring a pretty good talk among the Brits about the lead-up and dealings with the Iraq War , a hearing held by the British Committee of Inquiry Into Iraq . 
Happy new healthcare in 4 years ! ... and they said stuff about junk . 
Y'didn't hit me hard enough for me t'give a shit . 
\i already called into work [ drunk ] tomorrow . \ " - M.S. " 
Business as usual ... 
Hey , bank which I pass on my way home : lrn2correc t-t emperature ; it's not 28° . It's 16 . Or 19 . Google and Weatherbug ( irrespectively ) may also be lying . 
That's My President . 
php . i will be dreaming php tonight . and possibly about cigarettes . 
my spacebar is not working , no matter how hard i internetz for a solution . but it's only fucked up on facebook . 
apparently only in messages . 
raindrops keep fallin ' on my head . 
Everything is Coming Up Roses 
I met < PROPFIRST > Schwimmer last night . 
\Do you guys know where you are ? Are you guys armed ? Have you got a pistol ? We got six between us ! \ " - Chicago PD " 
Here's to finding something the fuck to do tonight that isn't just sittin ' around . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Clark : Thinkin ' of You . :) -Love you , Mom 
someone hailed me from a car while i was walking home ... 
Thank you , Currency Exchange , for not charging me to make 25 pennies into a quarter . Now I can ride my bike ! :) 
peanut butter/jelly time . :) 
Fuck You , CNN . You pay your cameramen well enough that your newscast should not feel like an action movie . Fire that fuck . 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin : I fucking hate you . I hate you and your goddamned buzzwords designed to replace content you don't have . 
do it . do it . 
Happy Easter , Chicago ! And Welcome to Spring with Your Very Own , Brand New , Thunder Storm ! 
I'm working on a flash-type animation platform through Javascript . You can see the demo so far at http://www.bikestripedesigns.com/animation/ 
Nope , just awkward . 
doesn't care for the tea party . 
fuckin ' rainbows . 
I'm down for some Wagon Wheel . Turn that shit up . 
Don't tell Mom I'm in town !!!!!! 
is amazed . 
-- can't we just be awesome ? 
Now everyone gets to guess what happens next , while we , previously a choice two , make all the plans . 
currently a student . awesome . 
< PROPFIRST > just recorded 14 songs in 3.5 hours . Like a boss . 
First day of the CTA in weeks , first day of school in years . 
band practice = drunk . 
I just made Chapatis ... and then I put on some powdered sugar . Tastes like funnel cake . 
Back into the \studio \"." 
Time to shave ... again . This makes twice in three days , and probably the last time for a long time . 
well , it's Friday ; who has something awesome going tonight ? 
hi ho , hi ho , it's off to learn/work i go .... 
It's a Net Hack kind of morning . 
Heading to the practice space ; hopefully no one's there . 
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes , guys ! I'm gonna go be responsible ! 
NetHack , why do you do this to me ? There are dishes to be done ! ... At least I got the trash out on time .... 
Drunk .... Existing .... \Responsibly . \"" 
\Greet the < PROPFEMALE > with a breath of fire . \"" 
I don't even know where to begin . 
Saturday cleaning . :) 
A Praire Home Companion = WIN 
It's not untrue , it's just completely irrelevant , and most importantly , it's not anyone else's business . 
Ramen ? First thing in the morning ? —Bring on the day . 
Welcome Home , < PROPMALE > , from afar . 
You win this round , < PROPMALE>'s Ghost ! And housecat ! Damn you , Elbereth ! 
OCF can now upload pictures at their discretion . Now I just need to code the part that lets them delete them .... 
I stop seeding the moment I'm done leaching . Does that make me an asshole ? 
I'd show the world the new web project I'm working on , but it's proprietary . Let it be known that this is the closest step to creating a CMS without a database I've taken . 
Bomb the Music Industry . Do it . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 01 ): Resealable Packages . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 02 ): Socks without Holes . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 03 ): Lame Jokes . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 04 ): Peanut Butter and Jelly . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 05 ): Being too drunk to realize I should be < PROPMALE > over . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 06 ): The guitar on which I wrote that song about you . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 07 ): Instant gratification . 
Things I'll Miss when the World Ends ( 08 ): Round Trips to Nowhere . 
Cutting vocals I recorded last night on 6 of our 12 songs for the album ... Sweet . 
This is the first time the new apartment has been cooler than outside . 
Ready or not .... 
This is not what I had in mind . 
The Men Who Stare at Goats is a great movie , but its Silence of the Lambs reference was a bit vacuous . 
Call #1 : Sharp , well-spoken , and quick . 
Successful 5:30 am wake up this morning . Although , now I don't know what to do with my time . 
Dear Future Employer : If you don't hurry the hell up and give me a call , I'm going to have to consider other options . 
No . 
Operation : Hand-wash Clothes and Towels has been a success . 
Metroid Prime : Phazon-enhanced Pirate fight . 
Power Bomb . Fuck Yeah . 
Grapple Beam ! Fuck Yeah ! 
X-Ray Visor ! Fuck Yeah ! 
Plasma Beam ! Right on ! 
Baby belugaaa . 
Metroid Prime : Beat it in less time than last round , but with a lower % complete . :( 
Sometimes I worry that I'm ingesting plastic . Damn you , plastic cooking utensils ! 
36.2 < PROPMALE > , 4 interviewers , and 6 hours later , I am exhausted but home . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Adébísí ? này ? mí's already having done it , I've been inspired to make snicker-doodles . Fuck yeah ! 
It turns out that they really mean it when they say , \rounded teaspoon-sized balls . \ " And now I have one GIANT snicker-doodle . " 
I hate FB-propagated content that you have to share before you're allowed access to view it . 
OMG . Fantasy Football is pretty much an RPG . 
Republicans who want to \cut spending\ " are going to cut it from your \ 
Human beings are terrible predictors of their own actions . 
And now , we wait . 
< PROPFIRST > , your dog is giving me diabetes . 
http://xkcd.com/802/ 
\ ... Still in the mix . \ " Then why the terrible delay ? " 
jkExtravaganza 
realizes how boring he is .... 
realizes that homestarrunner.com is pretty much dead .... 
Welcome Home , Viv ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > Schultz : The dude's reenacts WWII scenes . Tell me why this is bad ? 
Dislikes the new FB chat \who's online\ " list . " 
Start Date : 25Oct2010 . Last day in Chicago : 20Oct2010 . jkExtravaganza show : 18Oct2010 . 
< PROPMALE>'s load-in : 45 minutes . 
Safe in Kansas City ! 
I'm in Kansas City with my family . :) 
Do we really need two months of Christmas to remind us how much less we can spend this year than last ? Humbug , I say . 
What strange and vivid dreams I'm having of late ... 
I'm teaching my niece to write . We'll start with her name . 
Gutter cleaning and attachment installing ? Pipe fixing ? No problem . I got this shit on lock . 
Biking to work tomorrow . Yay for directions that don't go on hilly , high-traffic roads ! 
My nieces wouldn't shut up for the nature film , so we put on Toy Story 3 ; it was actually pretty great . 
\Sometimes I feel like I'm not even part of the world . \"" 
Off to Chicago tomorrow ; be there by 9:40 pm ; pack a sweater . 
Building a marionette . 
Open Mic Successes All ' Round . 
I don't like this thing that forces me to click in order to update my status . Isn't that a step backward ? 
12°F ? Can I just skip work today ? 
Who doesn't like gingerbread cookies ? Assholes don't like gingerbread cookies ! 
History is made each day . 
Happy Birthday , Big Sis ! 
Full Metal Alchemist is pretty alright , if you don't mind a little whining . 
I'm going to play guitar for an hour . 
Morning cigarettes really do help things move along smoothly . 
Why yes , I enjoyed myself very much . The only trouble is the withdrawal from euphoria . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! See ? I can be < PROPFEMALE > , too ! :) 
Successfully fixed the light , though now , instead of being janky and looking proper , we have a real reminder that it's janky . 
Listening to my own music , watching a spider make its way across the wall , regretting wearing no foot-garb . 
Fixed two gates , the patio's lattice , and the cleanliness of my room ... sort of . Achievement : No longer bored . 
METAL !!!!! METAL !!!!! Djunt , djun , djun ! 
Water heater needs fixin ' . :) 
Experimenting is Fun . 
I could try getting 3 hours of sleep , or I could just stay up and see how it goes ... 
Snowed in , but not all that concerned ... 
Decidedly Anti-Early mornings . 
The real thing is ALWAYS better . 
40° is Shorts and T-shirt weather , right ? 
They see me trollin ' . 
Super Smash Brothers Melee is missing , and the controller 1 input on my N64 doesn't work . Life is hard . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
It's time to be creative . 
I am < PROPMALE > ! Hear me cast Dispelga and then just attack until you KO . 
And a good Full < PROPFEMALE > to you , too , Sir . 
Productive . All day long . Now for something consumptive . 
I am that silver lining . 
I , < PROPMALE > Gilliam , will be in Chicago from the 6th through the 12th . Anything else is just a detail . 
Achievement : Pre-Disaster Status Quo 
Home Sweet Chicago . :D 
Just Chillin ' . 
