Scifi Club meeting at < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ( 7th St. and 2nd Ave ., East Village ) @ 8pm !!! Please send back if you can be there so we can get an idea of how many people will be there ( in case we need a reservation ) . 

Wondering why I just can't shut up before I f up perfectly good acquaintances , grades , etc ? Or at least why I can't think through what it is I'm saying before I speak ? 
... Yeah , there's no way I passed that midterm . 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > Snaps 2 : Unleashed . It's a hell of a lot creepier than the first < PROPFEMALE > Snaps , a lot better too , though I don't think I'm sleeping tonight , thank you very much ! 
Turns out not to be sleeping tonight anyway . Oh why do my bursts of paper energy only come after midnight ? Anyone else notice/and is annoyed by this about themselves ? 
believes wholeheartedly that uses for Nozick included paperweight , cat-claw-sharpener , kindling , scratch paper , toilet paper , and other things in those veins . 
* was sick yesterday and is coughing up a lung today but is otherwise generally happy * 
Hey All ! Scifi Club Post-Apoc Party happening tonight in Rm 909 from 6pm to 11:30 pm ! See you all there ! 
I <3 Amartya Sen and his books , particularly /Development as Freedom/ . 
Am Con hypothetical ? Check . Africa since 1940 paper ? Check . Progressive < PROPFEMALE > prospectus ? Check . Am Con final ? Check . Rawls class paper and then Africa since 1940 final still to go ... Then , graduation ... And then , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Oh god , oh god , oh god . 1k words still to write in an hour and a half ! 
I have 2 As and a B+ !!!! ( still waiting on the last grade ) . How did that happen ? 
je suis a < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Phone doesn't work so if anyone wants to reach me by phone or text , do so only at absolute necessity and with a contact here or by email first . 
What's t number to call if I'm in < PROPFEMALE > ? I'm watching online and can't see it ! 
What's the number to call in if I'm in < PROPFEMALE > ? I can't see it ! 
Does anyone know the number to call in if I'm in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
You can't vote from the US . 
Why Germany ? 
Woot ! England v US = tie ! 1-1 
Today is a wonderful day ! Two decisions were made . One was made at around midnight yesterday : there will be no hydrofraking for a year in NY . This is good . The second was made today in California : Prop 8 is unconstitutional ! And it was pretty strongly ruled as well . So there ! Next stop , Supreme Court of the United States ? 
Yes ! WHEEEEE !!!!!!! Stay on same-sex marriage lifted in California on \ 
Wednesday , August 18 , 2010 at 5 pm PT ! Eat that , NOM ! 
My god ... there's a warbling opera singer next door in one direction or other ( probably the next building over ) . * weeps * 
The D train runs express from 59th to 125th . I typically take that because the B train just hasn't been showing up . So today , at long last , the B train was there . Eager not to have to walk down from 125th , I hopped aboard ... only to discover it was a B express line ( the B doesn't run express last I checked ): gotta love the MTA . 
I officially <3 Acela trains . Two stops Stamford and then Providence . And it actually showed up exactly on time , unlike the regional . 
Happy Thanksgiving , Everyone ! 
OMG ! Meringue cookies taste just like Lucky Charms marshmallows and bourbon-braised short ribs smell far too divine ! In other news , Fairway is my new favorite store ever ! 
Mwahaha ... i have a phone that connects to the internet . I am now unstoppable ! 
I have found out what the giant , electric tea kettles are called : coffee urns :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Holidays ! 
Unpleasantly tipsy on an f-ing glass of champagne ... ;_; 
At work . The snow is beautiful around here . At least ten people between the subway and work stop to take pictures and a few were just wandering around tossing snowballs . Not a moving car in site . Though now it sounds like someone trying unsuccessfully to start theirs . 
The B train is running ! The B train is running ! 
Somewhere along the line , we failed . Any sense of the common weal has left the country to her desolate nightmares . 
Panchitos today at 8pm ! Just north of Bleeker on MacDougal . 
Reading Germinal now . Etienne needs to be kicked , but otherwise the book is awesome so far . It's building towards further awesomeness ( I hope it doesn't let the reader down ) , and I think I'm about at the point where Etienne's going to start being a more interesting character . \ 
How did I manage to avoid reading this book for so long ? 
