Finally on vacation ! 

Hyped up on Coffeeeeeeeeeee ! 
So nice to not have to get up and go anywhere !!!! 
My last days of freedom ! 
Ok , so i was just about to do something important and i forgot what it was ! 
First day back at work!-I'm tired-But Excited ! 
Can't wait to see my grams tomorrow ! 
Enjoying one relaxed evening with the hubbs 
I am so freakin exhausted ! Can't wait for saturday to come ! 
NERD TIME ! 
Trying to hold on to hope .. 
\Grammy\ " bloomed another orchid flower ! Which made my heart a bit lighter . Thanks gram-gram ! " 
In lovin memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God i pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% wont copy and paste this , will you ? ) YES I WILL !!! 
We got our apartment !!!!!!!!!!! Yay , so excited ! 
FOR SALE : M.A.B.E.F M/08 Italian < PROPMALE > easel-Brand new in box ! $150 also 6 canvas ' sizes 22x28-24x36 all $15 Ea . Ask me for more details !!! 
yesssssss ! So ready for the vacation ! 
Treasure island dance was a hit ! Im poofed ! 
RVD ! RVD ! RVD ! 
Watchn the police concert w the hubs ! 
clippin ' coupons ! yep , yep ! 
I am absolutely blessed to have the best mother'n ' law ! 
So proud of my east union graduates ! 
Yes ! Vacation ! 
On our way to disneyland ! 
Hangin out disney style . Having lunch in new orleans square ! 
Disneyland was a blast but im so glad to be hm ! 
First week back at work -- summer school -- And getting ready for fall semester @MJC ... hopefully i get the math teacher i want !!!!! 
Bored ~ watching last of the mohicans ~ missing my hubby . 
Listenin to mah hubby on the drums * Regist . for classes too ... yay school ! 
Action and reaction , ebb and flow , trial and error , \ 
change - this is the rhythm of living . Out of our over-confidence , \ 
fear ; out of our fear , clearer vision , fresh hope . And out of hope , \ 
progress . 
Has anyone seen Toy Story 3 yet ??? 
I really dont like full moons . 
glad there is air cond . in the world ! 
I dnt like mondays ! 
My chubb got nubbd ! Im brusing ! Whaaa ! 
Tomorrow will be a better day ~ I miss my hubby ! 
Vacation !!!!! But i miss my gals already ! 
< PROPMALE > Vallejo paints the best bodies ! 
Im still standin ' ... YeahYeahYeah ! 
Runnin around today with my hubby ! 
My hubby is my bestest friend !!! I wuv him ! 
Watchin ' the ocean's movies ! 
Totally nostalgic ! 
Watching \Jackie Brown \"!" 
Missing my grammy . 
whew ! Playin Diner Dash-Flo on the go , really kills time ! 
Diner dash+ level 18 = evil ! 
We have all been \ 
placed on this earth to discover our own path , and we will never be \ 
happy if we live someone else's idea of life . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Praagh 
Cant wait for a date with my hubby tomorrow ! 
Wow , I am amazed that i got my books today when i ordered them barely on Monday ! I would highly recommend collegebookrenter.com 
Goin ' to back 2 school nite ! yay !! 
Going to workout ! So excited ! 
Just another 8 more hrs till i see my hubby ... Its been a busy week ! TGIF ! 
I had a ladybug < PROPFEMALE > out w/me in my car on the way hm from wk ... then landed on my shoulder into our apt . Took her forever to go free ! Good luck ?.... I really think so ! 
Home , finally ! 
Missin ' my hubby ... 
Finished the essay , time for sleep !! 
Go E.U. Lancers !!! 
East union won ! and Club BRIDGE cotton < PROPFEMALE > sales went great ! So exhausted and sticky from spinning cotton < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Makin ' some bomb chicken soup ! YUMM ! and watchin ' tropic thunda with the hubby ! 
Chillin ' with my snookums tonite !!!! Yay ! 
Hmm , antique sewing machines are sooooo much fun ! Must . Have . Patience ... 
sick as a dog ... ugh . 
On our way to sell some cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! GO E.U. !! 
Chilling with the in laws and playin need 4 speed ! 
Looking forward to spending the weekend doing NOTHING , but i know it wont end up that way . 
Special\ 
needs kids aren't sick or gross or weird . They only want what we all \ 
want . To be accepted . Can I make a request ?? Is anyone willing to post \ 
this and leave it on their status for at least an hour . It is Special \ 
Education Week and this is in honor of those who have children with \ 
special needs and those who work with children with special needs . \ 
Gladly posting this , kids , parents and teachers are awesome ! 
I cnt even feel my nose , I'm so cold ! I LOVE IT ! 
The dance @ Escalon H.S. was fun ... but my head and ears are ringing ! The music seemed waaaay too loud ! 
Okay , seriously ; What's up with almost everyone putting up cartoons for their picture ? Did I miss the memo or something ? Lol 
Watchin In Living Color really takes me back , LMAO 
Goin 2 west valley today , happy friday ! 
Got back from millbrae , off to the stores ! 
Is it friday yet ? Feels like friday ... 
Watchin my fav pacino movie , dog day afternoon 
off to the gym ! Gonna get my hair cut today with my suegra !! soooo Excited ! 
Ahhh , getting a much needed pedi ! 
Playin army of two with the hubby , yay !! 
Ugh , last day of vacation . Did a test run of my alarm make sure i can still get up @ 5 . Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out at the quiet mall in < PROPFIRST > today 
This is going to be wierd ! Going to E.U. meet to watch my < PROPFEMALE > mater wrestling team . Sorry E . U ..... GO < PROPFEMALE > ! Most importantly .. GO LIL BRO ! 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS LOVE them .... Re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life . 
Purchasing textbooks is overrated . 
Let's see how this semester goes ! Full-time status ! eek ! 
Unfortunately , education is not a service ; neither is it a product . It is what each one of us intellectually creates based on guidance that comes from reading , researching , and listening . When the mind is blinded because of a bloated ego , then no education can happen as there is no mulling over ideas even for a refutation . Hence , humility is one of the most important elements of education . -Unknown 
Had sooo much fun with the fam-bam last nite , Today , Tired , and need caffeine ! Doing HW all day ! Thank goodness I have tomorrow off ! 
MOCK-YAah-ING-YAah-BIRD-YAah-YEAH-YAah ! 
Waiting for my better half to get home ! 
Movie night !!! 
Anyways .... 
Gettin my hair cut today ! 
I love it when friends make my day ! Yippie ! 
My head is in a fog . I tripped and almost fell into traffic , thankfully one of my students pulled me back in ! 
Just enjoyed a nice walk with a friend , now im off to curves . Hope everyone has a great weekend , enjoy the weather while it lasts ! 
I am so livid with my doctor . Can she even understand 2+2 = 4 ? I wonder how some people get through life being ignorant . This is why I'm going to be an RN ; ' Cause we know our stuff . 
Despite my weakness today , my mind is in one place . It's been a year today , that my heart was broken and when my world shattered . We miss you so much grammy ; May you continue to live on through our memories and in our hearts , May you inspire our lives everyday with the talent and < PROPMALE > character that you so strongly possessed . Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I love 3 day weekends ! 
haha , just finished packing my Christmas things away !... and Its FEBRUARY ! lol 
Another fabulous weekend of laundry and homework .. be very jealous ... 
I am such a Nutella addict . 
Good morning all ! Its gonna be a beautiful day !!!!!!!!! 
ohhh goodness ! 
I love how when you think a situation can't get any worse , and it actually gets better for a change !!!! Happy friday , and have a great weekend ! I hope the weather stays clear for everyone ! 
Marathon of Riggs and Murtaugh today ... lol 
\Good Morning Vietnam !!!! \"" 
Okay , seriously . It feels like my front door could bend in from the wind any minute now .... I'm gonna go hide under the blankets ! 
What an exhausting day ! Time to chill out with some vino ! 
SO ... I totally ate it today walking to my car from work .... walked down a cement slope and slipped cause the rain made it really slick . I never knew i could do the splits ... It was hilarious . 
Banana 
Gonna go return some books at the library !.. hopfully i don't fly away with the wind ! 
Any gals know about a good facial scrub ?? I'm not really sure which to choose ? 
