Old pic ... will post new one soon . I hope that all is well for everybody , and that life itreats y'all good . Talk to you soon ! 

Annoyed ... I put up a new pic and now a new mystery . Very annoying ! 
Life goes on and I miss my ladies ... Mwah !!!!! I love y'all so much . Y'all are never too far from my thoughts . Hello everyone ... I miss you too and I can't wait to get home ! 
hey y'all ... I hope that all is well for you , and I hope that you have a great day . Life is fun for me and I can't wait to be back home again ... to be near my wife for along time . Mwah < PROPFEMALE > and I miss my ladies a lot . Hey family and friends ! I miss you guys as well and I love all of y'all a lot ... 
hello y'all ... I have put up new pics into the Afghanistan , Me , and Misc albums ... Check them out , and let me know what you think of them . 
To all of you that do play on the Framville , can you help me build a bigger chicken coop ? I would greatly appreciate it and I hope that you guys are willing to help . 
To all of you that do \ 
play on the Framville , can you help me build a bigger chicken coop ? I \ 
would greatly appreciate it and I hope that you guys are willing to \ 
help . I am alive and well over here , so I will be home soon ... I appreciate all of your support , and I can't wait to get home and see all of y'all very soon . Time is flying and it will be gone before y'all know it . 
Well everyone , I am happy to say that I am doing good and that my homecoming should be awesome ... I have plans made with some people , and will make more when I get home . I will be here for a while , but I can't wait to get home and when I d we will < PROPFEMALE > out ( or you will hear from me more often at least ... ) . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for now ! \ 
SPC Barcomb 
I don't get it ... I try to do the best I can , and I still get the short end of the stick . Guys , i don't know howmuch longer I can keep this up ... I am sorry for letting you down and not being able to hold it together longer . I love you bb , and I miss all of y'all very much . 
Things are looking up ... I am very thankful for everybody's support in this time of need , and i hope that all of y'all have a great day ! 
Well , me and < PROPFEMALE > have been married a year now , and I am still over here ... Fortunately , we are almost done here , so I will be home soon . 
well , I am almost home , so I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with everybody and get home ... I hope that all is well for all of y'all , and I will talk to you later on . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ... 
To all of my friends and family back home ( all over the USA ) , I love you guys and miss you lots ... Y'all take care and I will see you when I get home !! 
getting ready to go home ... I miss you guys a lot , and i can't wait to get home and make sense of this past year . I love you guys , and I can't wait to see you soon . 
I am very close to being home , so then I can < PROPFEMALE > out with all of y'all ... in time of course ... Have a great day ! 
the computers here suck , so I am on , but the chat part isn't ... Bad computer !!!!!! send me a message and I will respond that way ... at least for now ... 
Well , I am one step closer to home , so I can't wait to see y'all soon ... I hope that all is well with all of y'all , and i can't wait to see y'all again ! I should be home for a while , so I will make sure to see all of y'all when i can . 
almost home guys ... I will be home before you know it and I will let you know from there ... 
I will be home tomorrow , so I will talk to everybody then ... I miss all of y'all and I hope that all is well ... 
Happy Thanksgiving all ... I am home and I am very thankful for that . Be thankful for what you got , and the family around you . Talk to y'all later , and I hope that you have a good Thanksgiving . 
be right back guys ... I have to reboot my computer 
