Finished up our PK Christmas just in time to ring in the new year ! 

I'm really having a hard time getting excited about going to school tomorrow . 
Had a \girl's day out\ " with < PROPFEMALE > at the children's symphony today . " 
Hot days like this are good for only one thing ... the pool . 
Today is one of those days I wish I could get back into bed and call a \do over \"." 
Looks like we finally found a little violin for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just finished my summer school class ... now I can have a real summer vacation ! 
is have a difficult time convincing < PROPFIRST > that he will survive without getting a Snuggi .... those darn informercials ! 
Just got < PROPFEMALE>'s new violin ! 
The high today in Rochester is 75 ... I love Minnesota . 
All went well at the Mayo Clinic . Tomorrow I will say goodbye to the beautiful weather and return to Kansas . 
Donated 10\ of hair to Locks of Love . " 
I got my first PDA today . I am at least 6 years behind the times when it comes to technology . It will probably take me the next 6 years to figure out how to use the darn thing :) 
< PROPFEMALE > just lost her first tooth . I hope she sleeps more soundly than usual so the toothfairy can come without waking her . 
Done with my first attempt at once a month cooking and freezing meals . I'm going to have another marathon cooking day tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > asked her brother to cut her hair and he did . We are so greatful to < PROPFEMALE > for fixing her hair ( and stopping all the tears) ! 
Just found out that my tables and shelves for my new classroom were not ordered ( the fault of the company we are ordering from ) and can't get them to me for 6 weeks . So either we find a company that can get them to me faster or the first 5 weeks of school will be VERY interesting ! 
Found tables and shelves to borrow for my classroom until mine arrive .... my classroom is saved thanks to the kindness of the First Christian Church of < PROPMALE > ! I am very fortunate to have my classroom in their church building . 
Summer break was great . Tomorrow it is back to school ! 
Thanks to lots of hard work by my amazing paras , my classroom is set up and looks great ! 
Watching Dateline examine the controversy regarding autism and immunizations . 
Just met with the financial planner to discuss retirement .... yikes ! 
Hoping the kids will let me sleep in tomorrow ... it has been an exhausting week ! 
Our new diswasher is making me crazy . Our old one was very quiet . This one makes a noise that sounds like a dog barking . I keep thinking I let the dog outside and forgot to let her back in . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I have been taking violin lessons for two months and we can finally play \Twinkle Twinkle Little Star \"." 
< PROPFIRST > just caught the biggest spider I've ever seen ( except for at the zoo ) in our bathroom . Yuck ! I hate spiders !!! 
I quit !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s finger is no longer stuck in a small hole in a maraca ! Still can't quite figure how she managed to fit it in the hole in the first place . Gotta love little kids ! 
Last night < PROPFIRST > and I finished his first class project ... a diarama of the desert . As we were making the animals out of bendaroos , < PROPFIRST > begged for me to let him stop and go watch tv and proclaimed \this is a bendaroo nightmare ! \ " I had to agree with him ... they are not nearly as fun as they look on tv . " 
Nothing quite like waking up to the sound of the smoke detector going off at 3:45 am . Something went wrong with the heater unit and it was blowing smoke into the house . Now to see how quickly we can get the repairman here to fix it ... 
The heating & cooling unit was repaired today . Had to replace the motor because it had burned up ( causing the smoke that blew into our house the other night ) . It was still under warranty thankfully . 
I've decided to get a Blackberry . I have looked at the Curve and the Storm but ' m not sure which model I should get . Any advice or recommendations ? 
I find it amusing that < PROPFEMALE > starts talking the moment she wakes up and doesn't stop until she goes to sleep ! 
< PROPFIRST>' 3rd grade program is happening now . I am home with < PROPFEMALE > . She spiked a fever about an hour ago . I'm really hoping < PROPFIRST > is doing well and that < PROPFEMALE > is NOT coming down with the flu ! 
Kids were well enough to go to school today . Now we are getting ready to go on a hayrack ride and cookout . 
I was so foolish to believe that the illness was over ! < PROPFIRST > now has a fever . This is like the illness that never ends .... 
It's official ... Chris has the flu . 
Thank you to all my friends for the birthday wishes ! As a child I thought that trick or treating was how everyone celebrated my birthday ... LOL . I hope you all had lots of fun this Halloween ! 
Packing for a trip to Topeka . I am going to a two day training . It should be fun for me ... probably not so much fun for < PROPFIRST > being a single dad while I'm gone . 
I need to get a cleaning lady ! I have no idea how 2 kids can make such a mess in such a short time . 
< PROPFIRST > got his H1N1 injection today . He was not eligible for the nasal mist due to autism . I still find that odd that autism makes you ineligible for the nasal mist . 
I am very used to students forgetting my name and calling me Mommy . This year has been a real blow to my ego . All of my verbal students have called me Grandma . I really thought I had at least another 10 years before anyone called me that ... my oldest child is only 9 . 
The reality of being a preschool autism teacher often goes beyond what is listed in the job description . They certainly don't mention \may have to fish things out of the toilet \"." 
We just finished our second Thanksgiving dinner and it isn't even Thanksgiving yet ! 
< PROPFIRST > just started begging us for supper . We have a refrigerator full of Thanksgiving leftovers . What does he want to eat ? Peanut butter and jelly . Kids are so funny ! 
It is finally starting to feel like winter . So , where is the snow ? I want some snow ! 
Why is it that practically the entire midwest has blizzard conditions and we don't have any snow at all ? 
The kids have been fighting over who gets to put baby Jesus up on the Advent calendar . Is it wrong for < PROPFEMALE > put it up when he delivers presents ? 
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas !!! 
Hoping this sleet will change over to snow so that the kids can enjoy a snowy ( not icy ) Christmas . 
What a beautiful white Christmas ! The kids have opened their presents and are begging to go and play in the snow . Life is good !! 
No school today or tomorrow ... what a nice long weekend ! 
My 5 year old told me she has a boyfriend today . That concerned me a little . So I asked her how she knows that he is her boyfriend and what does she do with her boyfriend . She told me that she knows he is her boyfriend because when she looks at him ... he gets scared . I think I'm safe for a little while longer . 
A Girard physician ( < PROPMALE > Wilkins ) and his wife < PROPFIRST > are in Haiti . They have been running a medical clinic . Their clinic was destroyed and they are in great need of supplies . If you are looking for a legitimate organization to donate to , you can help Haiti Health Ministries . I have a link on my wall or you can go to their webpage at www.haitihealthministries.com 
< PROPFEMALE > has stayed home sick for the last 3 days with < PROPFIRST > . She still has a fever so they'll stay home again tomorrow . I'm starting to wonder which will happen first ... < PROPFEMALE > gets well or < PROPFIRST > goes crazy ? 
Good news ... Mallory went back to school today ! Bad news .... Chris threw up after an hour at school and was sent home sick ! This is a losing battle . 
ITS CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . If you have more than one , change it every day , until Saturday ! Let's see if we can all still recognize each other ! Re-post this on your status , and see our celebrity look alikes . I guess I look like < PROPFEMALE > Zellweger 
Ugh ... I have the new FB now and I don't like it !!! How do we get just status updates instead of news feed ? 
Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFIRST>'s Day party at school . Class parties are so much more enjoyable when you are there as a parent and not the teacher . 
< PROPFIRST > and I both have bronchitis again . This year has been a terrible one for illnesses ! 
I never would have imagined myself saying this , but .... we just got tickets to go to a Monster Truck show . < PROPFIRST > loves Monster Jam and we are going to see them in Wichita in two weeks . He will be the happiest kid ever !! 
The countdown to Spring Break has begun ... only 4 more days !!! 
Excited to watch the Purdue/Duke game tonight . Go Purdue !! 
< PROPFEMALE > had her first gymnastics class today . The little kids trying to do cartwheels was just too cute ! 
Celebrated < PROPFEMALE>'s 6th birthday with dinner and bowling . 
< PROPFIRST > never got a hit in a baseball game until tonight . He hit a single and a double ! 
Just finished my annual appointments at the Mayo Clinic and everything went very well . Now it's time to take the kids outside and enjoy the cooler Minnesota weather ! 
Vacation is over and now it is back to reality . Unfortunately that reality includes the Kansas heat ! 
< PROPFEMALE > lost a tooth today . On our way home from gymnastics she asked if the toothfairy brings anything besides money . I asked what she hopes the toothfairy will bring . She said it would be really cool if the toothfairy brings her a balance beam ! 
An unexpected day off of work ... priceless ! 
I'm recovering from eye surgery I had last Wednesday and I have learned one frightening lesson ... you can have terrible vision and still be legally permitted to drive ! 
I am having my second eye surgery tomorrow . I hope it's my last one for a very long time ! 
Today is my son < PROPFIRST>' 10th birthday . It just doesn't seem possible . Where did the last 10 years go ? 
< PROPFIRST > suprised me with a birthday dinner with friends . It was a great way to end my 30's! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
It is official ... my classroom is moving to a school building ! I currently teach in a church basement . We will pack up next week and will be up and running in the new classroom Dec 1 . 
It has been 6 long years since I had a classroom in a school building . Today my classroom was packed and moved to a school . On Monday , the unpacking begins ! 
< PROPFIRST > has informed us that , since he is not supposed to pout or cry before < PROPFEMALE > comes , we should not do anything to upset him between now and < PROPFIRST > tmas ! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
I love snow days as much as ( if not more than ) my kids do . 
