Happy New Year's to all !!! Gotta new resolution- find my cell charger . I will call everyone when I find it . So if you don't hear from me ..... 

the only people who should matter to you , are the ones that treat you like you matter back . 
It's Saturday and I have to go to work - Will I ever hit the Lottery ??? 
is waking up and smelling the coffee TGIF 
Sometimes the only thing you can say is just ... whatever . 
I would like an order of ambition , a side of focus , and a large coffee . And supersize it please ? It needs to last for the rest of the day . 
Glad to be home from work . Shoppers weren't as rude as I expected them to be . My feet do hurt though . 
Milk may do a body good , but chocolate makes me very happy ! Hint Hint 
I'm exhausted DO NOT DISTURB ( unless you are an extremely gorgeous yummy man ) 
.. wants everyone to know how lucky I am to have 4 wonderful men in my life ! My dad , my 2 sons and of couse my grandson . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ... 
My throat is killing me , my body aches , my nose is running , my head hurts and I can't stop coughing . Co-workers beware I will be very whiney today .. more than usual that is :) 
My New Year's Resolution - get rid of this cold . Then maybe I might try to eat healthier , exercise more ... - it's the thought that counts . Happy New Year to all !!! 
Thinks everything happens for a reason .. Whether it is positive or negative to your life , something will always come out in the end better .. ~ Jared Litke 
Brrrrr .... it's cold outside . Is work cancelled today ??? 
Happy Friday to u , Happy Friday to u , Happy Friday to Everyone , Happy Friday to u , and many more ....... 
Favorite Question of the Day- Excuse me , Do you work here ??? asked as I was standing behind a cash register while ringing up another customer . Go figure ... really wanted to respond with a smart comment but unfortunately couldn't . 
is going to bed ... crazy day today at work . I am exhausted , Night all . 
Is really missing my Mom today , even though it's been 10yrs . sometimes it seems like yesterday . :( RIP Mom I love you and miss you 
has already had a really busy day , I had to get out of bed . THINK OF ALL THE EFFORT ! ! 
wants you all to be happy & feel blessed to be alive another day ! Hope everyone has a fabulous 3 day weekend :) 
Rules to Follow for 2010 1 ) Actions speak louder then words ; 2 ) Don't let anyone take you for granted . 3 ) Treat everyone as you would like to be treated . Now if I can follow these and just lose those 10lbs .... 
Do what you feel in your heart to be right , for you'll be criticized anyway . You'll be damned if you do and damned if you don't . -- Eleanor < PROPMALE > 
Don't compromise yourself . You are all you've got . - < PROPFEMALE > Joplin 
I will be glad when this day is over . It's turning out to be a \Calgon Take Me Away Day \"" 
Welcome Friday .... thought you would never get here . 
is going to curl up under her soft blankey , hug her pillow and dream of nice things . Good Night ... 
Getting ready to watch a dvd . Now do I have pizza or buffalo wings ??? Decisions Decisions 
People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within . -- < PROPFEMALE > Kübler-Ross 
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle . I just wish that He didn't trust me so much -Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
is getting ready to dream about running away to someplace with palm trees , white sand and blue water ! Anyone want to join me ? 
says it's rainy and chilly tonight . Think I need to go get undermy fuzzy blanket , cuddle up with my pillows and call it a day . Night all .... 
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart . I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion , misery and death . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is a woman of many moods , and all require chocolate . 
Fear less , hope more ; whine less , breathe more ; talk less , say more ; hate less , love more ; and all good things are yours . -Swedish Proverb 
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them . - < PROPMALE > Hemingway 
I was having the nicest dream then that darn alarm clock went off . I was someplace far , far away .... no phone calls , no < PROPFEMALE > , your needed in the Business Office .... It was wonderful . 
mamma mia .... here i go again ..... my my how can i resist you ..... To all my co-workers- keep me away from the vending machines today . I am in the midst of a chocolate crisis . 
I know it's only 9:15 but I'm off to one of my favorite places in the whole wide world , my bed . Good Night , these dreary cold nights just make me wanna go hibernate . 
Watch out Weekend ! Here I come !... oops , gotta work this weekend nevermind :( 
I just woke up from the weirdest dream . I was visiting another country and was kidnapped and forced to work in a ... gasp ... nail salon . My very first customer wanted nail tips with pretty colors . I woke up before I finished . Wish I could've seen how that turned out . Must get that dream analyzed lol 
It's Superbowl Sunday and I have to work . What's wrong with that picture ??? 
How is it that my cats know exactly where to sit to be the most in my way ? 
Rainy days and Mondays ... 
is hoping she wakes up tomorrow without this headache and upset stomach . 
Hump Day is almost over . Just two more days to go 
Everyone Drive carefully today . It actually snowing in < PROPFIRST > . 
is wondering - Why am I up so early and I have the day off of work ??? 
Today I will be cleaning up after rude people and answering silly questions . Don't be jealous , you too can get a job in retail . 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched . They must be felt with the heart . -Helen Keller Happy Valentines Day 
will be spending Valentines Day with my favorite little man - my grandson . What a good way to spend my day . 
Cat toys should come with the warning - Will become dangerous projectiles when handled by 2yr old .. My grandson may have a future in sports . lol 
is getting ready to go to bed and get up close and personal with my duvet and pillow . Good-bye weekend it was good while it lasted .... 
Beautiful , Bodacious , Bright , Bashful , Brilliant ... just trying to figure out which \B Word\ " I'm gonna be today ! " 
feels the need for some inspiration and motivation cause I really feel like procrastinating ... 
Extra long work day today . My get up and go has definately got up went .... Night all 
You are unique , and if that is not fulfilled then something has been lost . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , dancer , choreographer 
I have a friend who is job searching . I have worked with her and she has an excellent work ethic and would be an asset to any company . If anyone has any job leads in the Arlington Fort Worth area for Administrative Assistant , Collections , Cold-calling , Accounts Receivables please send to my Email . - Thanks 
has had a week of way too many work hours and is now going to bed for some mad , passionate sleep ! I finally have a day off tomorrow . 
Finally got the motivation to do something . Nothing like wanting something to eat and having no groceries to get you out the house . I have a taste for duck so trying a new recipe Five spice Duck with Butternut Squash and Broccoli Rabe . Wonder if my friendly neighborhood Kroger will have what I need . If not , then Chinese take-out it is :) 
is thinking it is what it is but at least it's Friday . TGIF 
If men can run the world , why can't they stop wearing neckties ? How intelligent is it to start the day by tying a little noose around your neck ? ~ Linda Ellerbee 
deserves to be treated like a < PROPFEMALE > , cause my Father is the < PROPMALE > !! Love you Dad - and Happy Belated Birthday !!! 
tried really hard to be nice to people today but don't think it worked out very well . Me thinks I might've needed a slight attitude adjustment before going to work today . Maybe I'll do better tomorrow -maybe ??? 
is doing what she does when she doesn't know what she's doing 
wants to be on a boat in the warm sun wearing my flippy flops . 
Have you ever had the feeling that something just ain't right ? You can't quite put your finger on it but just the same , something just ain't right . I hate when I start getting those feelings . 
Happy Friday !!!! Now that this week is almost over we can all start thinking about when will next week finally be over . 
wonders why people buy stuff they don't want , with money they don't have , to impress people they don't like 
is singing and dancing round the house . I have the day off !!!! 
Thinks it is really remarkable that she didn't throw the alarm clock across the room this morning when it kept going off .... and off ... and off ... 
Is wondering what my day will be like today . 
The sun is actually shining . It's gonna be a beautiful day today . So why did I wake up feeling so down ? 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland this evening . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is such a genius . < PROPFIRST > Depp , good as always . He did use some of the mannerisms from < PROPFIRST > Scissorhands - fit the character though . The special effects were excellent . Two thumbs up . 
Today was for sure an \owie\ " day . So glads it's over - and it's only Monday ???? MOmma said there would be days like this :) Miss my mon . " 
Do I really have the weekend off when there is so much I have to do ???? All I wanna do is just relax and spend time with friends and family . It's really not much fun being grown-up . Sigh .... 
Must be the weekend cause it's raining outside . 
Off to dreamland where soft waves , white sand and romantic sunsets await me ! nite all ! 
For Dinner I made a Steamed Artichoke with a shrimp and scallop sauce on rice vermecelli . It was pretty good . 
It's that time of year again in Texas . I dread it . I can handle blizzards , drug dealers on the corner , taking the subway to work , but can't handle the thunderstorms , lightning , tornado sirens . It just scares me . Guess I'm just a wimp . 
has had a very looooooong week . Hope the weekend lasts as long . TGIF 
wishing i had more strength then i do ... sometimes I get tired of doing everything myself .. but i have to be strong for my kids- even though they are adults , they are my world .. 
unfortunately did not become a millionaire over the weekend ... and thus has decided to return to work on this beautiful Monday morning 
Just saw Clash of the Titans 3D I give it 2 thumbs up 
It is easy to see God's presence in our world at this time of the year ... For renewal of life , For birds that sing , Thanks for Easter and Spring ! 
Enjoying a lazy Sunday watching old movies on TCM .... too bad no < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > movies playing . Everyone have a Happy Easter 
Took a lonnng nap today so will never get to sleep tonight .. Got lots of energy though so will try a new workout plan sent by FB friend . Looks like a good one so I foresee soreness in the morning . No pain no gain though . 
Well its Monday again .... why does the weekend always go by so quickly ? 
I have always believed honesty is the best policy cause it is gonna come out eventually in the end ... so why bother trying to hide the truth ? 
is trying to figure out how my cats , cause I know it had to be a team effort , manage to get into my jewelry box last night- and how did I sleep through it ??? 
really needs a change . This work , home , work , home , work , home routine has really gotten old . 
When we face our fears and let ourselves know our connection to the power that is in us and beyond us , we learn courage . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Schaef 
You may be disappointed if you fail , but you are doomed if you do not try . - < PROPFEMALE > Sills 
A persons true character can not been seen from the outside only from within ; not from their words , but by their actions . 
\Prayer is less about changing the world than it is about changing ourselves . \ " < PROPFIRST > J . Wolpe . " 
is thanking the Lord for letting me wake up to see another day because not everyone is that lucky , count your blessings because you are one of the lucky ones . 
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you . So have fun and give them something to talk about 
Come on 6pm . I am getting very frustrated trying to get these < PROPFIRST > to match-been working on them all day and still .... grrrrr 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . - < PROPFIRST > Engelbreit 
I may not know what my future holds , but I do know that God holds my future ! 
I may not be where I want to be , but God has me where I have to be so I can go to where I need to be 
says don't ever regret anything ; learn from it . If you learn the lesson , it isn't a mistake 
really wishing my sons had their Dad to talk to . 
Believe that everything happens for a reason ... 
Responsible , who wants to be responsible ? whenever something bad happens , its always let's figure out who's responsible for this ... 
Four things that can never be recovered : The stone after it's thrown , the word after it's spoken , the occasion after it's missed , and the time after it's gone . - unknown 
really enjoyed my lunch today at Blackeyed Pea . Now if I could just take a nap ... 
still can't believe I have a son old enough to have a son-time flies . Seems like it was just yesterday wh en I was living in Norfolk and potty training my son . Now he has a son being potty trained . Wish my husband was here to see his Grandson . He would be so proud . 
TGIF .... this week was so long thought it would never end . 
The truth is the only thing worth having , and , in a civilized life , like ours , where so many risks are removed , facing it is almost the only courageous thing left to do . ~ E.V. < PROPMALE > 
Have you ever noticed how some people can be so smart but be so clueless ? 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > ; how you react is yours . ~ Wayne Dyer 
It always shocks me when I hear some of the things parents say to their kids . A Mom just told her son thtats why he is not in kindergarten yet because he can read he cant tie his shoes he cant do anything he is just stupid . 
says isn't it funny how the person who says \Just tell it like it is\ " often can't handle when people tell THEM the truth about what they see ! " 
for no apparent reason is in a very anti-people mood today . Where did this mood come from and why am I feeling this way ??? 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to forgive those who would do me wrong ... The courage to trust those that would not ... AND THE WISDOM TO KNOW THE DIFFERENCE ! 
If anyone has received any unusual emails from me please disregard . Someone had nothing better to do than access my account and had a good time emailing and posting . To that person glad I was able to provide you with some amusement in your sad little world . Password has been changed . 
It is turning out to be quite the interesting Day . between discovering I had a FB stalker and working with two coworkers who are not speaking to each other Must be a full < PROPFEMALE > . 
I did a very brave thing today at break . I bought myself a new swimsuit as incentive to workout .... question is will it work ??? Now all I need is a beach vacation to go with it . 
Repost : If anyone has received any unusual emails or wall posts from me please disregard . Someone had nothing better to do than access my account . I was beginning to think I may have facebooking in my sleep - lol . 
Lord , thank you for my blessings and thank you for my struggles . Blessings provide strength while my struggles keep me humble . 
So I'm moving my exercise bike in front of the TV so I can watch while riding and the floor bar falls off ... I'm wondering what the heck . Then I notice the bolts are just the right size for little toddler fingers to manipulate if not bolted tight . Hmmmm ... my Grandson does like to unscrew the knobs on the shelves in my room . Could this be some more of his handiwork ??? 
Since I have had this headache for three days now I probably should give it a name .... 
I have many regrets , and I'm sure everyone does . The stupid things you do , you regret ... if you have any sense , and if you don't regret them , maybe you're stupid . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
Life is a jest ; and all things show it . I thought so once ; but now I know it . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I value things not for how much they are worth but for how much they mean . 
You know the pollen count has got to be bad when even one of your cats is constantly sneezing . 
really wishes this headache would finally just go away . 
What you permit , you promote . -Unknown 
It is our actions , not our words , that define us . Words are spoken ideals , but the things we do reflect our true heart . - unknown What are you doing to reflect yours ? 
Sunday Is Mothers Day . Wish my Mom were still here so I could tell her Happy Mothers Day . I still miss her after all these years . 
Is Thinking .. All she Wants Is For One Guy To Prove To her They're Not All The Same 
While I was working tonight this customer who is forever trying to get my phone number comes in to purchase something . I remind him tomorrows Mother's Day don't forget . He says Oh , I already got my wife taken care of this is for my Mom . I'm thinking Alrighty then so why you want my number - men . 
Am I crazy or what - cooking a duck at 11:50 pm cause I don't want it to go bad and be a waste of money . 
Happy Mothers Day 
It is Mothers Day and I am at work as usual . Happy Mothers Day to everyone . 
Picked up some fried rice on way home from work tonite to go with the duck I cooked last night at midnight , which came out really good considering I was half asleep . The Fortune Cookie that came with rice said \A thrilling time is in your immediate future . \ " Sounds like a interesting week ahead - can hardly wait but can I handle it ? " 
\Of all the feats of skill 
Is worried .... and just needs to know how this week will end 
Clang cClang Clang went the flag pole outside my office window all day from the wind . Glad the day is over . Got some good news today even though I already suspected . I will be getting Grandbaby number two in 5 months .!!! 
Only one hour to go . Looking forward to relaxing in front of tv tonight . 
Just finished watching La Vie en < PROPFEMALE > , an excellent foreign film about french singer < PROPFEMALE > Piaf . Now off to bed I go . 
Living with integrity means : Not settling for less than what you deserve . Speaking the truth , even though it might create conflict or tension . -unknown 
is feeling real anxious .... 
is feeling stressed , I could really use a good massage . To the people I work with no smart comments please :) 
With the assistamce of a GPS we made it . I must get one . 
I am in the waiting room at the VA hospital . What should I read to pass the time hmmm there is a book of Practical Taxidermy , National Geographic from 1968 , and various Road and Truck issues Decisions Decisions 
Next to physical survival the greatest need of a human being is psychological survival ; the need to be understood , to be affirmed , to be validated & appreciated -unknown 
Knowledge Comes From Experience . Information is not knowledge . The only source of knowledge is experience . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
I just want to thank everyone who kept me in their thoughts and prayers this week . 
sometimes , all you wish for is someone to wish for you ... 
is wondering why even in an outlet store I manage to pick out the most expensive items in the store . 
is going to bed and hopefully will be able to work out a deal with her 2 cats for just a little more sleeping room tonight ... 
can someone please tell me why we get up and do the same thing everyday ... oh yeah that's right - money 
wishes banks gave out free samples like Sams and Krogers 
some days are better than others , hoping today is one of those days ... 
Blames any unrealistic expectations she has of men on her Dad . He is such a good man and I am so proud of him . 
Time to stop talking about it and actually do it . Weighed myself today and not happy . I must do this . 
I swear my exercise bike keeps moving closer and closer to me . Do ya think it's trying to tell me something ? What the heck guess I'll do my 20 minutes .... 
is thinking positive and it will happen , not sure what or when , but it will happen !!! 
Tell it like it is\ 
Oh yeah , just let your conscience be your guide - Heart 
TGIF I know a day early but really looking forward to the weekend . Gotta email from out the blue and really looking forward to seeing an old friend . 
is complicated , sentimental , lovable , honest , loyal , decent , generous , likable , and sleepy . Good Night Tomorrow is Friday Yeah !!!! 
is planning on having a wonderful weekend . Hope everyone has one too . 
Do not click on the posting that says this is hilarious - the one with the Womans a ** . It will then send to all of your facebook friends and claim it is from you . Must be a virus or something . 
Had a really good day today . I must get out more often . Checked my mail and my DVD is in , The Children of Huang Shi , a foreign film that looked like it might be good . If any of you love foreign flicks as much as I do will let you know if it was . 
Oh boy !!! Tomorrow ' s Monday . You know what that means - Work .... Yeah !!!! ( Can you feel the sarcasm ) 
Could someone please fast forward the week to Friday . I gotta three day weekend coming up . 
Vacation really needed . Wish I was going to see my Grandma and family in La . this weekend , it would have been fun but I gotta work this weekend ;( 
Lunch at Ojedas and I actually ordered something differant . Yep I am living life on the wild side . 
Bummer , I miss out on a Family Reunion this weekend because I have to work . Then I miss out on going to a concert Saturday night because of my work hours . Maybe I work too much ??? 
My feet are literally on fire from my 9 hr . work shift tonight . I just finished my microwaved buffalo wings and on my way to to bed . Gotta repeat this tomorrow - but I do have Monday off from both jobs . What to do what to do ??? I know groceries and laundry . Maybe I will splurge and get a pedicure - it is sandal season . Yes I am living the glamorous life of single woman :) 
Living with integrity means : Not settling for less than what you deserve . Speaking the truth , even though it might create conflict or tension . -unknown 
Gonna be a longggg day at work today the air conditioning is out . Wonderful :( 
Why is it some of the smartest people can be so clueless ??? 
So glad I have Monday off this week . I definately will need it to regroup . 
Finally got myself re-centered and out of the funk I was in . It's gonna be ok - Life goes on ... Que sera sera whatever will be will be Lesson learned and all that jazz :) 
I am awake and that is all anyone should expect from me today ... 
I just saw something that was so funny ... OMG I know some of you saw it too . Too funny . Think that made my day , maybe my year . 
Wish I would stop having the same crazy dream almost every night for about the last 2 weeks . I keep dreaming bout an airplane crashing and sinking in some bay . I saw it so I am able to show where it is but the water is too deep for them to recover plane . Crazy dream .... and I always wake up at this time . 
What a longggg day . I worked my full time and my par t-t ime job today . I am such a glutton for punishment . Full-time job was busy an par t-t ime job was hot , temperature wise that is . I am exhausted and getting ready to hit the sheets - hope I don't have that dream tonight ' bout the plane crash . I followed an FB friend's suggestion and drank lots of water today . Hope it works . 
“A friend is one that knows you as you are , understands where you have been , accepts what you have become , and still , gently allows you to grow . ” -Anais Nin 
is hoping the sleep < PROPFEMALE > grants her wishes tonight !! Please let the laundry be done when I wake up tomorrow and let me be 15lbs . lighter . I don't ask for much . 
People will forget what you said . People will forget what you did . But people will never forget how you made them feel . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Oh yes I am wise , But it's wisdom born of pain , Yes I've paid the price \ 
But look how much I gained , If I have to , I can do anything\ 
I am strong I am invincible I am woman - < PROPFEMALE > Reddy 
Finally , the new season of True Blood on HBO begins tonight . 
The older I get the more I learn . Being grownup is not as much fun as I thought it would be . Sometimes it would be nice to just be a kid again but knowing what I know now . Question is Would I do anything differantly ? The answer - Most likely not . 
Yes < PROPFEMALE > , there is a retail hell . I have been in it all weekend . Why do people feel the need to take things out of the box , unfold every towel , take sheets out of their package , comforters out of bags , cookware sets and dishes out of the box ..... the list goes on . Please be considerate of the retail worker we have feelings too . :) 
Happy Father's Day to the best Dad in the world , my Dad . Love you Daddy and will see you next week . 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
On July 4 , 1776 , we claimed our independence from Britain and Democracy was born . How many people do you think really know the meaning of this day ? It isn't just about firecrackers and a day off ... Happy July 4th everyone . 
has found that it's usually the ones who think they're better than you are the ones who aren't even worth your time . 
why is it now I have trouble going to sleep and have troulble waking up whereas I use to have trouble staying up after 10pm and sleeping past 6am . 
Two Banks visited the campus where I work for the students . One of the banks gives out green suckers that can be bought at the 99cent store and the other bank gives out brownies . Which bank would you go with- if you were a student and did not have a bank account ? 
It's so hot outside ... 
Went on a movie date today .... best date I have been on in a long long time . I really had a good time even though my date insisted on taking off his shoes and yelling \Woody run !!! \ " a few times - but when you are 2 yrs . old and watching Toy Story 3 it's ok . I finally have a \ " Kiddie Movie Buddy\ " again - my Grandson :) " 
had a really good day today . Tomorrow though .... housework - ugh . Sad thing is I can't blame the kids anymore for the mess anymore . Who knew one person could make so much laundry ??? 
\To succeed 
If you have a Mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! ? I miss my Mom ? put this on your status if you love your Mom 
The young person knows the rules , but the older person knows the exceptions - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Holmes 
\The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind . But the goodness of a person spreads in all directions ! \ " – < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
thinks life is not fair , especially when it involves someone who is loved so much leaving the world forever :( 
Got my Electric < PROPMALE > in the mail today . Don't think I will open it just yet - I am afraid , very afraid ... 
Thanks Everybody for my Birthday Wishes !!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > , today would have been our 29th wedding anniversary . I don't think you realized how much I loved you and I still miss you so much . You would be so proud of your sons . You have a beautiful Grandson and a now a Granddaughter on the way . Wish you were here to see them . 
I have to work tonight but there is that darn electric < PROPMALE > to pay ... darn this Texas heat . Enjoy your weekend everyone - Try and stay cool 
So far I have had a really good weekend . Hope everyone else can say the same :) 
Got home from work yesterday and the air conditioner had broke down during the day . My poor cats the apt . was so hot . It only got to 107 here yesterday . Thank you apartment maintenance for coming to my rescue so quickly . As he left he did the sign of the cross while he instructed me to turn the unit back on in two hours then pray . It was a long 2 hrs . as I wondered will it or won't it turn back on - but it did . 
Happy Wednesday The week is almost over 
TGIF ! - too bad the weekend goes by to quickly . Tt will be Monday before we know it :( Have a Good Weekend Everyone . 
If your Happy and you know it clap your hands clap clap ..... have a good weekend everyone :) 
At hospital waiting for < PROPFIRST > to be born . < PROPFIRST > is at 5cm now . Little < PROPFIRST > is a bundle of energy . Should be about 2 to 3 hrs now . 
One stubborn baby but finally she will be here soon .... going to wake up the Doctor now 
Little Aubree finally decided to make an appearance at 2:53 am . She put up quite a fight being born . Mom is exhausted and hungry . 
Feeling sorry for yourself , and your present condition , is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have . - < PROPFIRST > Carnegie 
Well I am officially looking for a new job . If anyone knows of anything please let me know . 
MY PREVIOUS EMPLOYER and co-workers : You were there in some important milestones of my life- Thank you . You helped me when I relocated from NY you helped me when my husband passed away . I will never forget you . God puts certain people in you life for a reason and causes certain things to happen . God Bless You 
Tears .... it's regroup day . I am being such a big baby today . Can't help but feel betrayed 10 years .... Have gone over and over in my mind things I could have done - should have done , but the outcome would be the same regardless . Things happen for a reason but I wasn't prepared for this . 10 years ... 
God works in amazing ways .... I have co-workers from my Par t-t ime retail job calling me to ask me if I can work their shift , because they are not able to for whatever reason . They have no idea what I am going through . All I can say is Thank you God you are looking out for me .... Smile :) 
Just opened an email from a Job Search online . They sent me a match they thought I would be perfect for Job Opportunities Bilingual Executive Assistant * Japanese * New ! \ 
Staffmark - < PROPMALE > , TX \ 
( Few applicants ) ( Excellent Match ) \ 
Posted : 11/29/2010 - Really ..... LOL 
Just created a profile on Linkedin . If anyone has any suggestions on any Online sites I should join , please let me know . 
Just posted my resume on Twitter . It is also available for viewing on my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . I would appreciate any suggestions on how to improve it . 
I got 2 responses on the resume I posted Friday on Craigslist . I sure hope they are legitimate . I am getting \cabin fever\ " already . " 
Our worst prayers may really be our best . God seems to speak to us most intimately when he catches us off guard -CSLewis 
Why is it that when you try to do the right thing there is always someone who assumes there is a motive behind it ? Human nature , the older I get the less I understand ... 
Think I will go to the library today and check out some books on Quickbooks , Excel , Powerpoint , and Peachtree . 
Life has many twists and turns and sometimes what looks like a very bad day can just be clearing the way for good things to come . - J < PROPFIRST > Wright 
I got my first request for an interview today . - It's temp but it's temp to hire and right here in < PROPMALE > . Even if I don't get the job it is experience in an interview - have had only one of those . Even more importantly Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on the anytime now birth of Maddox . Is the world truly ready for a mini < PROPMALE > ? < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > I know you will be wonderful parents . Maddox is very lucky :) 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on the birth of a healthy 10pd 21 inches long baby boy ! 
Regardless of whatever my circumstance I have alway believed in truth , justice , the American way - blah blah blah but maybe I shouldn't ???? My beliefs are being so challenged right now :( Please pray for me because I am starting to feel certain ways and I know it is not the right way to feel . 
I am thinking < PROPMALE > career change maybe Bedford Police Officer , no have to be at least 21 . Oh here's one On Call Pooper Scooper , hmmm good pay but I can barely handle changing my cats ' litterbox , so thats out . Crime scene cleanup , but they would have to hire someone to cleanup after me . so ..... 
Will be working 40+ hrs this week in retail holiday hell while looking for a job . I didnt realize this job search thing was so hard . That'll teach me to try and do the right thing anymore . Nah , who am I kidding , I wouldnt be able to sleep at night if I hadnt . Darn this conscience of mine :) Have a good week everyone and remember be kind to your sales clerk this week . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! You'll always be Grandma's Baby no matter how old you are :) 
Happy Birthday to my youngest son < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Finally got a job , It is Temp but I am doing my best to make myself indispensable . I really like it and I am learning new things - totally different type business , logistics . Never again will I complain about having to get up and go to work . I am praying so hard that they keep me - not because I need a job but because I see myself there . 
