\we try to avoid toast \"" 

is mindless 
pew pew pachoo . time to paint some pants . 
is copper , flannel , and four leagues away 
knows everything 
is employed ! 
is gonna take you down to hannah-town 
Agerup's dead ? awww , i liked him . and he played some pretty decent music . 
is gonna kill you and all your pigs and chickens 
sneezes are so much more satisfying when you try to get them everywhere ... 
my windows can tell the temperature 
anyone else going to motor tonight ? 
so many happy birthdays :D THANKS YOU GUYS ! I'm still wearing the same clothes from two days ago .. 
i'm in a conundrum and i need to look to facebook comment posts for advice . should i spend like two thousand dollars on a dream bed that will take up my entire bedroom ? if you've ever been in my room . i'm so tired of this twin sized rickety piece of shit that people can't fit on . but the bed would take up my WHOLE room ughhh 
feeling moved and touched and enlightened by all these televised church sermons 
Whenever I'm reading a textbook and I have to sneeze I try to sneeze all over the textbook . It's not that I have an extreme hatred towards my textbooks , I just like to be able to sneeze all over something . 
my computer is real sad . 
dirty jobs needs to go to third world countries . < PROPFIRST > rowe fishing does not impress me . 
some < PROPFEMALE > mustard pretzels are better than other < PROPFEMALE > mustard pretzels . in my experience . 
why does nobody ever want to stay up this late . hmph . 
wants to know what soaked through my jelly belly box so i can eat them . though i forgot to click share for awhile because i was eating them . 
disagrees with time . 
I also have the attention span of a kid with ADD . 
\I don't want to wake up and see you all crispy critters in the morning . \ " tee < PROPFEMALE > " 
demi = a bummer on society because she doesn't want to come with us next weekend 
who's < PROPFIRST > bieber ? 
I wish < PROPMALE > Hill was real ... and < PROPFIRST > . 
misses summer and the woods and the water . get here faster ! 
nietzsche = peachy 
can't find my voice 
wackety-wigg 
gets to go learn with the AZN's next year at uw . i'll finally get to fill up my bubble tea stamp card !! 
I miss being bored . all this homework is making my butt hurt . 
vicodin won't even make my cough go away ! eeeeargghhhhhhhhhh my lungs are gonna sploooode 
okay now it's gone :) 
don't you hate it when the kleenex gets a hole mid-blow ? i shorrrre do . 
ohmigawd running rainbow lizard . planet earth has captivated me . 
presenting my senior project tomorrow ... guess i should finally start working on it . bleh 
puffs ! 
only four puffs with lotion left ... CRISIS 
CARCARCARCARCARCARRRRRRRR ! 
I like comparing myself to your guys ' big five personality thing . eeeeenteresting . 
I'm having high hopes for this dreaded paper ... turns out it's on a subject I happen to be passionate about . woop ! 
holy fuck . paper out of the way . now i've got final , project , essay , quiz , final , quiz , final . among the regular weekly homework , of course . 
I can't make good sandwiches because I don't really like sandwiches . How am I ever going to keep a man ? 
black mamba is a nice substitution when you need a job . 
as of 3:35 am i think i am finally done with the quarter .... god , finally . 
who wants to sell me a ttttttvvvvvvvvvvvv 
okay still need a tv cause this one suuuckkkssssssssss 
Icelandic Phallological Museum ... why just penises ? 
i want pants 
totally just made an account on highdeas . :) 
paintin ' some shoooooesisisisis 
fuck you , fanpage spamming bullshit . blarrr you're tricky . 
she nuh ball fi nah dapper , she nuh cry fi nuh doop 
why does everyone like the < PROPMALE > horror picture show so much ? 
we are bear's 27 millionth cousin , 21 million times removed . 
ahhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmm teeeveee ! 
HAPPY HOLIDAYS ! 
\good nights must always end in good baths \"" 
guhbye phone 
GIMMAY ALL YO NUMBAHZZZ new phone . actually old phone . 
can't get ready for bed because my dad is taking up the bathroom with his daily hour-long shit . kill time waste time blah blah blah bored . 
goodbye gulf coast :( 
fuckfuckfackfackfuck . it is so difficult to do homework right now . 
we harm our bodies with chemicals , so we use more chemicals to mask the harm and harm ourselves more . bummer , that convenience kills us . 
sometimes I like to put my mind on my bedside table . 
I may not be mexican , but it's cinco de mayo and I feel like I should be doing a little more than homework and laundry today ... you know I like celebrating things that don't pertain to me . it's what I do every holiday ! 
fee fi fo fum 
that was an amazing bowl of cheerios 
pockets = pant baskets 
everyone has work or school tomorrow ... who would like to enjoy the sun with me ? 
GOODBYE WHISKERFRIENDS 
job !!! 
there's a lump of hungover < PROPFEMALE > at the foot of my bed . 
she's not hungover anymore but she's still at the foot of my bed . hehehe 
my mom tells me there's a bear around 
chilled with < PROPFEMALE>'s nigga today . hahaha she gets too paranoid .. 
i feel like hallucinating 
i want to spray paint a big blank wall . or a car . mmmph 
who is < PROPMALE > blankenship ? he likes the \ 
x-files , heavy metal , and almost everything . 
< PROPFEMALE > , i'm pretty sure i like my job . :D and folklife is getting effing expensive . 
it's nice to hermit sometimes 
dear smokers of any substance : make your lungs better(and brain ? ) ! hahaha\ 
Inhale through your nose for four seconds \ 
Hold your breath for seven seconds \ 
Exhale through tightly pursed lips , creating \back pressure 
apparently all of you guys have thought your mom was hot , and even felt competitive with your dad . 
< PROPMALE > has twice the national rape rate , but i still <3 u 
fuck waking up in 5 hours and taking the school bus . i'm gonna be soooo tired ... 
i really wanted to say What's on your mind ? because i didn't have anything to say but facebook won't let me do that . i guess now i have something to say . 
take me to your grad party ... or normal party that i can use to celebrate my grad-ness 
I need to nap . 
i like feet . i like to lick them . are your feet in need of a good licking ? cause i can do that 
my neighbor was out taking topless pictures in front of the mailbox . i wonder why . 
there's a aaa battery in the bottom of my toilet . there used to be a button in the bottom of my toilet , it was there for about a month and lasted through a lot of flushes . it also went away for a week and came back . but anyway , i'm not fishing out that battery . 
mmm , i want to take a train to seattle . it's so cheap ! 
posing in pictures sideways with your hand on your hip is definitely a kamiak girls ' thing . i just had to notice . 
so much free-ness this week . let's < PROPFEMALE > out . 
worka worka work . who wants me tonight after work ?! 
would you like a macaroon ? i've got entrance wound-sized and exit wound-sized . 
<3 JU$S ME NN MY B @Bii BOii < PROPMALE > TONiiGHT <3 
\Substances harvested from cannabis plants could soon outshine \ 
i love hearing the catdog song over and over and over and over , don't you just love marathons ? 
there's too much twilight going on in the world , i didn't know i could come to hate the word saga so much . 
who needs soap when you've got baking soda ? seriously , i don't think i'll go back to shampoo and conditioner ever again . i've yet to see the effects of using it as a facewash , and i'm not sure about toothpaste .. maybe if i throw in some lemon juice to whiten ? 
oh oompa loompas 
goodfire tonight ! 
i wanna go yurtin ' 
what sounds like fun right now ? 
what a GREAT day yesterday . exactly what i was hoping for but better than i was expecting .. 
what's a really amazing movie ? i need to watch one right now . 
will you please crack the lower right side of my back ? i'm too lazy to google how to do it myself . 
i have 137 shirts -21 now 
going to sleep a little better tonight knowing that a naughty picture of < PROPFEMALE > will be watching over me all night from the ceiling above ;) 
i'm excited to camp out in the boonies with the bears and the mexicans 
i like playing wheelbarrow with my dog . heheheeee 
I would go gay for Nahee Kwak 
Nahee Kwak is misleading . she would go straight for me . 
my dad won't stop taking a shit i need to get ready ! use your own bathroom for that . 
everything the pastor on 700 club said sounded strangely sexual . tattoo lighters suck . 
infomercials sneak up on you when no one's looking . then you end up watching them for a couple hours because at first you don't notice and then you get into them . maybe i shouldn't be using second-person for this .. 
this infomercial is terrible it's tal < PROPMALE > about medication and ta < PROPMALE > control of your life and feeling better about yourself it's not even advertising anything . where's the remote i just grabbed < PROPFEMALE>'s head not the remote . yessssss < PROPMALE > of the hill . 
i'm tempted to see either neon indian , tech n9ne , or rusko at the showbox . hmmmMMMmMmmM 
there's food stuck under my comma ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
aww working during hempfest this year . :( 
i guess i'll have my own , lonely , not in a park , by myself , but there's free food and no juggalos , hempfest . 
ROADTRIP ! back on the 28th , if you happen to care . 
i NEEEEED to go to portland soon ! 
ups men are always bald 
so much wu-tang . my ipod's almost full nooooo ! 
awesome party ! good tunes , good brew , good buddies . i feel great man . i feel great !! i dunno man , i hate my father , i hate my life , but i'm great man . you guys are great ! i'm gonna go pick a fight . 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > , my room is now furnished with a really nice pretty new hookahhhh !! 
oo wee . shoodlywoddlydiddlywiddlydiddly woooah-oah-oah . SWING ! 
fuck school , i'm so overwhelmed and it's only been three days . i think for the next ten weeks all i'll get to do is work and school and a little bit of sleep fuckfuckfackkfiacfuckdjafuuckckkd i think i'm gonna drown my sorrows in pot now 
i like mexican drug dealers 
oreos are the only thing that actually taste better when they're stale 
i'm not a believer of fortune cookies , especially when you get them from places that don't sell real chinese food , but sometimes you get that one special one ... haha 
i switch up my writing utensils to add excitement to my life 
i haven't needed sleep this bad since sliced bread 
i need a glow stick party to go to . i wanna get messy . 
guess it's bellingham tonight ? 
there are so many asians in the library !!! there are so many asians everywhere 
my eyes are bleeding 5-hour energies and coffee and fast food 20 hour days suck ass i feel better when i complain about it ! gawd and it's only monday . weak ! 
i better be hungover tomorrow !!! 
maybe i'll just stay in tonight . do some baking . ;) 
i miss all my friends !!! urrghhhh 
there's just something so nice about anonymity 
applesauce head 
chem 142 is a brain-rotting disease 
my bed finally broke but i'm too lazy to take the frame out . i hope it doesn't collapse on me tonight inclined sleeping is awkward . ughh now i won't have a bed anymore but hey i just found a nug on my floor ! 
every time i click something i have to hold my internet cable in everything issss brokennnnnn ! 
I love Rashelle < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i've got one sexy bank statement , getting paid to go to school FUCK YEAH so tempted to blow it on pointless things ... 
super glue and safety pins and duct tape 
hahaha ... someone wrote me a haiku . \ 
\you like to smell things ? \ 
Now that I have a fancy phone Facebook is going to suck me deeper into its black abyss . But hey ill actually text people back now ..! 
now how am i gonna kill 2 hours in seattle tomorrow before the bus comes ... anyones else in the same boat ? please ? 
Is a screaming elk ringtone worth $2.99 ? I'm thinking it is .. 
I don't have to do shit today and its GREAT 
my dad got me a radar detector :) 
i've got a craving for philosophy and sex and not giving any more shits . not to say i gave too many shits before . something needs to be different . 
apparently one in eighteen people have a third nipple . that's about 14 of my facebook friends ! 
You guys will never know because my phone corrects my typos 
YAAAY < PROPFEMALE > WON TICKETS free tickets to victory friday bassnectar at the paramount saturday hotel room with friends after big weekend ahhh i'm gonna be worn out 
GAWD < PROPFEMALE > YA LOOK LIKE A DAMN PIN CUSHION !! 
Nahee's in my mouth and several other holes 
the more you get to know the more you know you don't know . textbooks blow my mind sometimes , gahd i'm such a freakin ' nerd . 
some of you guys really need to stop making your display picture a close-up of you kissing your boy/girlfriend .. the internet doesn't care about looking at that kind of thing . 
do you think i'm a hipster ? hehehehe 
HUMMUS ON THE GO !!! 
ughh .. so what's a good brand of laptop to buy that can take a beating ? 
second time in a row my computer's fucked up my grade on a weekly exam . I think it's time . 
