Thank you , everyone , for sending warmth and kind words . I wish the same for you all . :) BTW , I did have a pretty good birthday this year . YAY ! I'm 22 ! 

I saw something today that broke my heart . 
I applied for school yesterday :) 
man , i'm addicted to this game 
I found my cellphone charger !!!! finally !!!!! woohoo ! 
just moved back in with my parents .......... again ... 
Does anyone know of a program like mediamonkey for use with ipod nano ( and windows 7 ) but one that works for video ? I got a movie file to play on my ipod but it was just the sound and for some reason it's listed as a song instead of video . God , i hate Apple ! 
hangin around the house ... 
hmmm , what's on my mind ? hair on my head .... food on the way ..... then off to retrieve what was lost . 
looking to expand my music library . \ 
I always enjoy suggestions of things to check out .... 
I refuse to be \Procrati-Santa\ " this year . I have officially finished my shopping ..... now just to wrap it all . " 
stayed up all night chatting with an old friend :) me is very happy 
Also , I am hunting for a cheap travel package that doesn't cost an arm and a leg . you know , flight+hotel+car . I honestly think i've destroyed my brain trying to compare like 14 different booking sites . i've tried expedia , travelocity , orbitz , hotels.com, tripadvisor , kayak , hotwire , cheapOair and more i just dont remember right now . any tips would be awesome . At least i'm planning like a month in advance , yay go me ! 
I had a lot of fun out dancing last night ! 
can you believe that rihannas sm video is banned in 11 countries ? 
found a site called shuttercal and it's a 365 photo-a-day journal thing and the best part is if you miss a day you can go back and add one in later 
getting ready for Katsu-con ! soon to be pictures abound ! yay !! 
stupid webcam stopped working .... green screen o ' doom ! 
* sings * It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! 
.... hair is 90-95% blue .... roots are still stubbornly red 
the updates are as follows : I now have blue hair ... 
My 23rd b-day is tomorrow WooHoo ! 
\POKE YOUR GRANDMA ! \"" 
ever stop sometimes and wonder what happened to the people you've left behind in life ? 
foot still hurts ... getting sick too . 
finally home relaxing- foot mostly better and still fighting sniffles but the nose thing might be allergies being spring and all .... 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Karuna-Vetter for sending me Europa Seahorse . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/jbnDmZ 
did everyone just forget about all that 2012 stuff ? 
