Friends of mine , they said they were friends of mine , said they were passing time , more like a waste of time :P 

Whatcha doin friends of mine ? Holding back now friends of mine ? I've always heard you calling :P 
I've noticed that when people text me , I text right back , but then , sometimes they take forever . Haha it annoys me I dunno why but it does 
heh heh heh ^-^ my profile views is up to 2012 >:D 
I think 14 comments is the most comments ive ever got on one picture :P 
This is gonna bug me all day :/ 
How did i become so obnoxious ? What is it with you that makes me act like this ? I've never been this nasty ... Can't you tell that this is all just a contest ? The one that wins is the one who hits the hardest .. But baby I dont mean it , I mean it , I promise . 
gets to go into town .. haha i gotta go to kents :P i think thats where were going .. haha 
I reeeaaalllyyy want that bc13 shirt . haha i needa go to ogden . :P 
so earlier i was beating up these zombies right ? well it was pretty funny and next time i do it , i think ima make a video of me doing it coz its just ... awesome :D 
is gonna be heading to ogden soon . I'm gonna be getting myy shirt :D 
Todays date is the same forwards &&& backwards : 01/02/2010 
i need new music ; does anyone have any suggestions ? uhm uhm comment me with something you think id like , that i havent already listened to haha 
I guess we can blame it on the rain . 
I'm not excited to go back to school tomorrow :/ 
finally decided to get on this . 
is interested in men . lolxD 
added some pictures but not nearly as many as i have on myspace . :P 
is on myspace . lol 
is listening to nickasaur ! =D ? < PROPFEMALE > so fly no lie & you know this ; ballin xD 
is gonna go to bed ; nighty night (: ? 
is home finally :D had to retake my geometry test , lets hope i did good (: ? 
ich bin nicht ich wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein ?? 
is much more popular on myspace n_n ? 
is listening to nickasaur ! n_n yerr < PROPFEMALE > fly , no lie ; & you know this ; ballin ? 
id like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly ; 
i guess ill never know ; why sparrows love the snow ? 
is really hungry . its not even funny . at . all so dont laugh i know you are , and ill ill well i dont know what ill do yet :S make sense ? ? 
is listening to nickasaur ! n_n yurr < PROPFEMALE > fly , no lie , & you know this ; ballin ? 
yes ; i really change this status thing this much on myspace too . 
loves it when famous people comment on my myspace pictures (: <3 
so automatisch (: ? 
Knives and Pens by Black Veil Brides . <<--- good song (: 
is gonna go to bed . night everyone ? 
is home (: 
has a new picture up (: 
the silence isnt so bad , til i look at my hands and feel sad ; ? 
is still on myspace 
had a nice little nap (: lol 
thinks that my friends on myspace should add me on this too n_n ? 
is watching so you think you can dance :D 
is really kinda bored :O 
ate tooo much :S 
has aloottt more pictures on myspace . lol 224 to be exactxD 
got 100% on my < PROPMALE > test (: 
:'( 
< PROPFEMALE > , my house almost could of burned down last night ; tis why i dint go to school ; lol only my yard burned though :S 
is gonna go make some cookies in a few minutes :P 
is happy my house didnt burn down last night (: oh yeh .. thats kinda why i wasnt at school today .. :S 
made cookies (: 
well now ;; ? 
keeps falling asleep ; haha 
well now ; (: ? 
well , ? 
:D i have quizzer on myspace too (: ? 
is trying to get alot more friends on here as well as myspace (: ? 
twinkle twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is back from walmart (: 
wants to talk to someone new (: ? 
doesnt like geometry :/ 
is getting myspace famous :D 
You should add [ Me ] on myspace ? 
just finished my homework (: for once ! i never do it haha 
muahaha 300 (: < PROPMALE > make it more now ! :D 
(: ilyy 
wants < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > lk to somebodaaayyyy :D so < PROPFEMALE > lk to me (: 
is listening to nickasaur ! your so fly , no lie ; & you know this ; ballin ? 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to ask about that hair place ;; coz i really needa get mine redidid :P 
has 360 friends on myspace . and working on getting more :P 
needs to redo my hairrr ... annie ? lol get that inffo ferrr me yet ? :D 
needs 4 friends to hit 400 (: ? on myspace of course :D 
has exactly 400 friends now (: < PROPMALE > get more :D alrightt so add me on myspace , leave me stuff on here to come back to , whatever :) 
well ; my shoulder hurts super bad :/ 
added a newww picture of me (: just took it too ! :D take a lookee ? 
added another picture ; im really bored so im takin some :P 
bahaha ; they have better flair on myspace .? 
automatisch .? 
Oh darling i wish you were here ; ? 
my arm hurts :/ 
is talking to himmmm ??? [ilyhun ](: 
is listening to push play :P this is a good song take a listen .... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKxr3YEa8WQ 
i'd like to make myself believe that the earth turns slowly ... 
the futures just begun on the dark side of the sun :D 
is automatisch (: ? 
25 . thats all i need . im gonna make it :P 
is getting bored on here haha 
to 10,000,000 fireflies ; im weird coz i hate goodbyes ; i got < PROPFEMALE > eyes as they said farewell 
darling ; what is going on ? honestly , that never happened . 
has a bunch of testsD : 
the futures just begun , on the dark side of the sun ; 
(: 
lololol pc4pc on myspace ! ( : 
is wearing pink hello < PROPFEMALE > sunglasses (: ? 
can do marvelous things with glitter . 
maybe im the runner up ; but the 1st one to lose the race . almost only really counts in horeshoes and handgrenades :] 
is putting new pictures up :P 
600 :] 
is talking to people :] 
is eating ramen noodles :] 
[ rawrr . ] ? 
octocat . bahaha 
2 words : sticky eyeballs . 2 more words : blue jeep :] 
i feel horrible :/ 
so some jerk[thats the nicest word i can say trust me i can say worse ] decided to block and remove me from myspace . and i have no idea why coz they dont even know me or talked to me so whatever . 
so far away , i wish you were here , 
pffftt .. the nerve of Some people lol . oh well :] i still like myspace 
is getting off here . if i have you on myspace or even if you can do it on this , pc4pc on my default , il lreply tomorrow :] 
just ate ramen noodles . lol 
added new pictures :] one is edited and i like it :D 
doesnt really like facebook . just being honest . hahaa 
ill find repose in new ways , though i havent slept in 2 days coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone ; ... 
everybody , put up your hands say i dont wanna be in love i dont wanna be in love 
haha yeah ; 
just about 3 hours til oct . 14 ? 
has hair dye . oh the wonderful times ill have :] 
the pink hair dye is stupid and it wont work :/ looks like ill have to get it professionally done again :P 
:) today is special .? very very special indeed :] 
today is special ? ooohilyhun :] 
is home noww :] 
my war paint is sharpie ink :D 
:] ich bin nicht ich , wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein 
is on myspace ! :D 
hahah , well now ... 
so .. im kinda thinking that someone should talk to me . whether its here or myspace or even some other thing haha Ooooor text me ! 
where the wild things are ? 
is it just me , or is there really not much to do on here ? 
my ear hurts :S 
\\m/ >.< \\m/ rock on :] 
thinks that people with a myspace should add meee [: www.myspace.com/emokatz990 
:/ alright then . 
textt me . make me smile . 
ill watch the night turn light blue but its not the same without you , coz it takes 2 to whisper quietly 
does not like it when people only comment you to say ---> w4w ? 
Darlingg , what is going on ? Honestly , that never happened . :] 
:/ i need 1 more person :P 
yayy :] 900 . 
Go look at my myspace < PROPFEMALE > and click the link to zombie adds :] i could use the points :D 
has a horrible headache haha 
apparently i cant add myself on myspace . darn i thought i could :] 
is in the best mood right now its AMAZING ! this girl taught me how to w4w so now i wont be so frustrated :] 
Hhah did a rainbow monkey give you a purple cupcake ?? I didnt think so .. 
is listening to brokencyde now . lol . 
is really kinda bored :S 
is finally here for a bit :P 
myspace is being stupid . i have to go do something with friend subscriptions and such . ugh lol 
YES ! i got it fixed :) 
this computer reacts weird to facebook . but myspace is just finee 
has to go to school . ugh i hate it there . lol . 
rain rain rain . coldnessss 
Real eyes realize real lies . :] 
hatteeessss school . its just not even funny lol . 
is realllyy hungry . lol 
Your so fly , no lie , & you knoww this ; ballin ? 
just woke up from a nap lol 
is in kind of a bad mood .. lol cheer me up 
has to draw up a poster for my school :P 
has to draw up a poster for advisory and i have no idea what to do with it , i need ideas :/ 
Owl City ? 
haha :] i hate people :) well some people at least 
they said all teenagers scare the livin shit outta me , they could care less as long as someone will bleed so darken your clothes or strike a violent pose maybe theyll leave you alone but not me :P 
people who dont use grammar right bug meD : < 
.......... 
is at homee :] 
Oh darling i wish you were here 
:/ 
praise < PROPFEMALE > the freedom to obey its a song that strangles me , well dont cross the line :] 
does not feel like putting up with stupid people today :S 
is talking to a friend in australia :] 
wants to see where the wild things are :] thats what me an my friend are talking about :P 
swimming in miami ? 
ill find repose in new ways , though i havent slept in 2 days coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone . but drenched in vanilla twilight ill sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought becoz when i think of you i dont feel so alone ? 
tomorrow is pajama day at school right ? 
oh darling i wish you were here ? 
is it bad of me to say i Really hate some people ? 
You know i'd walk a thousand < PROPMALE > , if i could just see you , tonight .? 
whats tomorrow ? isnt it the pajama thinger ? :P 
we are the class of the class of 13 ! 
is redoing my penguin flopsy's room :] on myspace though , since i have like 12,000 + money on there :P 
has decided i dont like facebook . 
has bright florescent neon glow sticks :] its amazing ! 
guys !! take my quiz x.x its awesome ! 
take my quiz while im at teh party guysss itll make me happy :] 
take my quiz ive got nothing else to do but see how well people think they know me haha i think ill make another longer one though :] 
i'll find repose in new ways , though i havent slept in 2 days , coz cold nostalgia chills me to the bone . but drenched in vanilla twilight ill sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought becoz when i think of you , i dont feel so alone ... ? 
hmmm . the school says that ive missed 35 days . you can ask ANYONE and know ive been there for almost everyday . except 5 days 
is back home . im not in the best mood so cheer me up . lol 
ich bin nicht ich wenn du nicht bei mir bist bin ich allein ? 
is texting like 4 or 5 people haha 
has a headache :/ 
vvv clicky clicky 
haha have you ever seen my belt how i wear it weird sometimes ? i got it from < PROPMALE > in this video :] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbxkW6xsLuo 
anybody got a yahoo or live messenger ? :] 
Et il m'aime encore , et moi je t'aime < PROPFEMALE > peu plus fort Mais il m'aime encore , et moi je t'aime < PROPFEMALE > peu plus fort 
add my live messenger , tokioromance@live.com :] and dreampinkk@yahoo.com for yahoo messenger ? 
has another headache . hmmm 
hahah my arm is tingling 
is eating ice cream ! :D 
has a headache , probably from smelling the vanilla scent stuff i have . I made vanilla smelling hand sanitizer though ! 
i think something is wrong with me today :/ 
cannot understand how anyone in their right mind could call me gorgeous 
still can't understand why people would want to call me gorgeous :S 
this makes me laugh everytime --> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mAEtjXeAf4 
Hold your head high gorgeous , there are people who would kill to see you fall 
Hold your head high gorgeous , there are people who would kill to see you fall .? 
cant see bulletins on myspace anymore D: 
when you see my face hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell :] 
hmmm :/ 
is trying to catch my facebook up to my myspace --> friend wise . :P 
might go to ogden today :] 
is going to be .... for halloween ! take a guess :] its gonna be amazing ! 
got my miss wonderland outfit . it looks amazing i love it :] 
today has been a horrible day for me , 
wants a new camera , so i can practice my photography ! i do pretty good now , but my phone has horrible picture quality . thats why my pics on here are so badd 
is thinking about wearing my big blue bow tomorrow to school :] 
is veryyy hungry . and i have a picture of me in my costume up :D 
Darling , what is going on ? Honestly that never happened .? 
is gonna go to a halloween party tonight yay :] 
had a wonderful time last night :] i loved the caroling :P 
I hate the ones who love to hate because they're just like me :P 
only a day late --> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpvdAJYvofI 
if god is a dj , life is a dance floor , love is the rhythm , you are the music :] 
è_é why dont ya say so why dont ya say so ? i think im caught in between :P 
wanna know something ? 
im not gonna lie my night just got ruined 
is gonna make some random photo album of TOTALLY random pictures ive found all over :P itll cheer me up a bit 
the question asked in order to save her life or take it . the answer no to avoid death the answer yes would make it . do you believe in god ? written on the bullet . say yes to pull the trigger .... sad song ! 
just saw the saddest picture ever . it made me cry . :( if you want i can put it up :/ 
just put the saddest thing up . its so sad i cant believe someone would do that . 
is doing homework . and im still way behind in mrs. summers class . :/ 
has a geometry test friday . i hope i can pass it . :] 
awww :( sundai got booted off antm ! she was my favorite :/ 
wanna know something i think is sad that happens to me alot ? 
just out of pure boredness since im not going to town for about 45 minutes , im going to make a tagging album . just for the fun of it i guess 
so ... go tag yourselves in my new album , make me smile im so bored :/ 
if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , please post a comment of the first or favorite memory you have of us that pops into your head . When you are finished post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you 
:/ i feel horrible . 
has some tagging pictures up :P go tag yourselves :P 
i dont wanna fall to pieces , i just wanna sit and stare at you . i dont wanna talk about it and i dont wanna conversation , i just wanna cry in front of you . i dont wanna talk about it , cause im in love with you .? 
:] 
guys , go tag yourselves in my tag album thingerr . im bored ha so yeah do itt :] 
Darling , what is going on ? Honestly that never happened . 
real eyes realize real lies . 
i love colouring . lol . 
so i feel absolutely horrible . 
is thinking about doing online classes :P 
i still feel so horrible . :/ i dunno what to do 
does anybody like the old cartoon network shows instead of these new ones ? i know i liked the old ones better :] 
my throat hurts :( 
i finally added the pictures i took like a week or so ago of me in my costume . lol 
well i can talk better than i could this morning 
ewww theres a diet where they put a tapeworm into yerr tummy and it eats the extra fat away . how gross is that ?! 
hmmm still havent quite figured it out yet ha 
i really wnat some macaroni and cheese . but not the normal kind ! the kind thats shaped like spongebob or something . 
so im Really bored since im just sitting on here .. :P 
is awfully lonerly tonight :S 
listening to owl city cheers me up :] and not the song fireflies , i mean i like it , but its played way too much on teh radio ha and i like other songs better 
i love the song The Saltwater Room . does anyone else ? 
:/ i want a hug . lol 
well im outta school til friday due to my illness plus im outta pe for the next 2 weeks which is pretty much the rest of the tri :/ 
i hate being sick . but at least i get outta school for 2 days and pe for 2 weeks which im not such a fan of but yeah anyways .. ha 
is eating spongebob macaroni and cheese ? 
mlia :] best . site . everr . ? 
WHAT AM I 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Beautiful . 24 : Adorable . 25 : Rude . 
J'veux ton amour Et je veux ton revenge J'veux ton amour :O ? 
is bored ish :/ 
i like being sick , but then i dont . i can miss school and all , but then i get behind ha 
i wish i could have a dragon for a best friend 
wont be back to school til friday ha 
has a ton of homework . would someone like to help me ? :/ 
is taking a break 
thanks to lady gaga im always going to remember which way is vertical . 
i really want the sims 3 :/ 
it sounds like i probably wont go to school tomorrow either , but my mom is gonna call to see if i can go in long enough to get my baby 
just woke up from a 45 minute nap . haha 
so now i get to go pick up my baby . lol 
haha this baby is annoying me . 
i think i twisted my foot weird haha 
this baby is annoying ha 
is gettin kinda worried .. 
omg :D im talking to my best friend from 5th grade who moved ! i havent talked to her in years ha this is awesome :] 
you and me could write a bad romance ? <- good song :] 
is working on homework . there may be a < PROPMALE > i wont go to school tomorrow coz my fever wont go away 
ich bin so alleine 
i found out last night that my teacher may have accidently set my baby to turn off last night instead of tonight haha 
has a ton of homework to do :/ i might not even go to school tomorrow .. which will put me more behind :S fmll . :( 
Hallo kleiner Android Ich bin so alleine Mein Herz ist ein Vakuum Schwer wie tausend Steine Ich will was riskieren Hab nichts zu verlieren Komm start die Maschinen Lass uns zusammen ne Runde fliegen 
my head hurts .. so bad .. somebody at least try to cheer me up while i attempt to finish my work :/ 
some people make me mad sometimes . ha 
im gonna be super bored tonight , besides working on homework i have nothing to do , and im almost done with it surprisingly 
once again , some people make me mad , im getting off here for awhile ... :S 
has nothing better to do atm , since mom is leaving in a few minutes .. 
so automatisch ? 
can hopefully go back to school tomorrow :P 
ive noticed that some of the < PROPMALE > songs i listen to tend to have darker lyrics compared to the english songs ... 
and we go on and we go on and on and on and on ... we dont belong we dont belong belong to anyone ... the pain of love will last forever , promise me promise me , we'll celebrate the pain together , the pain of love love love :P 
it really doesnt feel like ive missed 5 days of school ... until i look at all my homework ... thats due by this friday :S somebody help me ... please ... 
hmmm ... dont add my other account on here :P its my backup typa thing .. not that i need it but yeah ! :P 
has some homework but i would like some help .. :P 
why do some people never give you the < PROPMALE > to answer before they leave ? :S 
...... 
is gonna be bored unless someone answers me ... 
realllyyy needs help on my homework ... either that or someone talk to me .. im lonely-ish .. :/ 
well ive successfully finished work from one of my classes 
today is the last day i miss of school iiii promisee 
got bit by a spider on my back :( it hurts so much 
<('.'<) hug :] 
is probably gonna go to school tomorrow , its been a goodish break but im really behind and probably failing ! :/ 
ahhhh :P 
Ich schrei in die nacht für dich , lass mich nicht im stich spring nicht :P 
is doing tons of homework . 
i wish i could be a model :/ but i doubt im pretty enough or something .. :S 
has a horrible headache from thinking too much haha 
loves mlia . it just makes my life that much better :P 
i cant wait til next tri i got all the good classes , like i got choir next tri :D and ima be a office < PROPFEMALE > im excited haha 
hahaha has anyone else besides me stuck a safety pin through their ear or lip or leg or somewhere ? lol 
i dunno about anyone else , but sometimes i really wish that i could have a really awesome accent :P 
watch our words spread hope like fire , secret crowds rise up and gather , hear your voices sing back louder :P 
:] Et il m'aime encore , et moi je t'aime < PROPFEMALE > peu plus fort Mais il m'aime encore , et moi je t'aime < PROPFEMALE > peu plus fort surprised i still know how to spell alot of that :P 
did kbuzz today :D it was fun :P 
alright not to be mean or anything but im only gonna say this once ... lol if anyone says anything about new < PROPFEMALE > i cant gaurantee i wont hit you or something , people talking about it so much ruined it for me . haha 
so ive been thinking about redying my hair since i havent dyed it for awhileD : but i was thinking blue on the bottom or something .. then getting it cut so i could tease it like i used to be able to :P 
You see , this world has lots to offer but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is , I'm sure we will go far :P love that song 
Je veux ton amour Et je veux < PROPFEMALE > revanche Je veux ton amour 
has decided to give up on this to kill a mockingbird packet thing . im just gonna work on my book reports :P 
has anyone read the book ' salem's lot ? :D 
:/ i would like to text somebody new :D anyone wanna talk ? 
just woke up from a napish typa thing ha now i get to be bored most of the night i bet 
........ 
\this member is already one of your friends\ " i hate that haha " 
i wish i could draw , or paint , or even scribble right haha i love drawing :] < PROPMALE > is amazing and all i can really do is ceramics ... i love it though :D and im apparently an < PROPMALE > ist in the game of life :P 
watch our words spread hope like fire secret crowds rise up and gather , hear your voices sing back louder ! 
so yesterday i was kinda going to give this cookie to this kid ... but i kinda didnt coz i kinda got nervous ... lol 
so my question for all of you , what lunch do you all have this next tri ? 
i just cut my hair ... i did it myself i think it looks pretty good :D i only did my bangs and around there but still .. 
im gonna miss this tri .. especially my PE class .. i have my reasons ... :P 
just got back from signing papers for my new car :D i technically have 2 cars now ! :O 
hahaha ive got about 5 different forwards in the past 10 minutes :P all from different people tooO : 
that was easily one of the scariest things thats happened to me ... :S 
hahaha i love mystery google . 
hehe i have a mission to go buy hot chocolate with someone i like :O 
is prolly gonna watch movies again maybe 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody :] im gonna be in a good mood All day and Nobody can do anything to make me mad :D 
apparently < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are coming over after they got to church :P 
no oh oh i dont really wanna leave you behind but apparently you cant stay all mine so ill try to let you go ;P 
so i had this amazing dream last night .. i wish it would really happen .. ill explain it to anyone who asks i guess :P 
you see this world has lots to offer but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is im sure we will go far 
i like when people want to be my friend :] it makes me feel like they want to get to know me :] and for those who know me , im sorry for being so rude if i have been . im sorry . 
If you ever get mauled by bears , I hope they stay away from your face because i think you're cute 
so i was doing okay for awhile i guess .. til i got to the movies .. then i nearly broke down at every sadish part of the movie :/ 
has never been this upset .. my best friend .. gone .. 
the inside of my mouth hurts from biting my cheek so much last night . 
we are the class of the class of 13 ! :] 
its automatic systematic so traumatic ! :D 
i do not want to be afraid 
I may seem crazy Or painfully shy And these scars wouldn't be so hidden If you would just look me in the eye I feel alone here and cold here 
Sometimes I want to have a near death experience Or end up in hospital Just to see who cares enough to visit Ditto ? <-- i agree with that girl haha 
la la la lalalalala 
yesterday my cousin heard me sing ha she told me that if i tried to really get my voice out there i could be a great singer .. but ireally doubt that coz my voice sucks haha 
i feel really kinda sick today :S 
so i think i did something to my nose .. i dont know what but it really hurts right nowD : 
< :::: | ==O hehehe my sword :D 
:P envy on the coast :D 
is gonna watch a movie i think 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > trek :P 
haha i fell asleep for a little bit in the middle of the < PROPFEMALE > trek movie haha 
You see , this world has lots to offer , but in time it will go dark and if this love is what we say it is , I'm sure we will go far ? i love that song it makes me happy :D 
has this weird kinda chest pain ish thing going on right now haha so yeah 
is feeling a bit better i suppose 
is back haha i guess were gonna watch another movie 
so im kinda excited for the new tri :P i getta be a office aide :D 
so im debating on whether i like my new classes or not . for the most part i do but 6th hour is realllyyy boring 
well im really bored and have nothing to do on here , or on myspace and im not really talking to anyone right now soo .. yeah .. :/ 
well .. i was feeling better but .. not anymore :/ 
so i remade my other myspace account since i couldnt remember the pass and all to the other , but this one is strictly people i really know haha 
hahaha figures .. theres only one person i get on all those typa things and its always first pick too 
when the sun shines , we'll shine together , told you ill be here forever , said ill always be your friend , 
sorry , but thats just weird . 
so ... i really wanna talk haha im kinda hyperish and and yeah ow i just hit my elbow ... :S 
eww . just . ewww 
so im having an issue :S my right side is really hurting , and its kinda hard to breathe and i dont know whats wrong 
im feeling better finally haha 
together we'll dance in the dark ? 
oooh i love how people will get mad at you for not texting them when they text you , or you dont text them at all , and when you do they wont answer :/ 
so .. sometimes i like it when random people talk to me , like this kid on myspace . ha he told me im really pretty .. sometimes that feels good coming from a person you dont know very well 
here ? Well you are the one the one that lies close to me Whisper's hello I miss you quite terribly I fell in love , in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms 
lovely .? 
haha i love being a office aide :] 
I like , where we are . When we drive , in your car . I like , where we are . Here ? 
i dont like getting so many Freakin app notifications . it annoys me haha 
hahaha i have a new best friend :D that makes 3 
truth box ! thats the cause of all my freakin app notificationsD : 
i think i ate too much :S 
ha ha he he ha ha oh :P 
love me , hate me , but cant you see what i see ? all of the boys and all of the girls are beggin to if u seek < PROPFEMALE > , 
Well you are the one the one that lies close to me Whisper's hello I miss you quite terribly I fell in love , in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms 
so .. i had a ton of < PROPFEMALE > burst < PROPFEMALE > today .. it was happy :) 
really wants to draw something ! give me ideas guys :] 
hooray for awkward 21 questions questions :P 
a psychologist is a person who helps people with their problems right ? 
hahaha so what is everyone up to tonight ? anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out :) ? 
You amaze me .? 
just decided to make spongebob macaroni and cheese :) 
is really in the mood to make new friends . lets talk :] 
is really kind of bored :P talk to < PROPFEMALE > x ] 
I'm your biggest fan , I'll follow you until you love me , papa paparazzi baby theres no other superstar you know that ill be your papa paparazzi ;D i wont stop until that boy is mine :P 
x ] haha im listening to a song called dental care :P by owl city of course . its happy :] 
is only gonna be on here for a couple minutes 
some people just dont get it do they ? 
i want to move , there are just Some people that i need to get away from for awhile 
the song umbrella beach has music that sounds kind of like the sims music at one point :] i love it 
you know , i really hate it when someone says to you pc4pc so you do it , and they never do it back . lol it pisses me off 
i hate when someone i dont like hits on me . lol 
is watching the proposal :D 
okay . so im looking to make some new friends :D so talk people :) 
new friend requests make me happy .? 
is eating popcorn . for no real reason i can think of besides i wanted to haha 
find your freedom in the music find your jesus find your cupid you will never fall apart < PROPFEMALE > your still in our hearts , never let you fall apart together we'll dance in the dark ? 
so what does everyone think of the picture i put up earlier ? keep or delete ? ha 
OOoh yeah , i found my bright pink skinnies today . Just thought i'd let you know . n_n 
is anybody else freezing ? i know i am haha 
does anyone else feel really light headed ? :S 
hahaha i have 666 comments on my myspace profile . 
runnin through the monsoon beyond the world to the end of time , where the rain wont hurt fightint the storm into the blue , and when i lose myself i think of you , together we'll be runnin somewhere new , through the monsoon , just me and youu ? 
bahaha i love listening to songs that are chipmunked . it just makes me laugh . alot . like im listening to everywhere i go by hollywood undead- its one of my favorite songs but still .. haha 
i wanna change my hairr . but i need money first haha oh yehh what do you think of my new picture ? im not sure i like it or not 
with friends like these , who needs enemies :) ? 
you can hear the waves , in underwater caves , as if you were actually were inside a saltwater room ;; 
oooooops ! i just noticed ive been clicking the opposite answer that i meant on the friend quiz thing ! to anyone of you that i might of said something mean i didnt mean it i swear 
theres only 2 people i really want to talk too . the first one .. well i think hes mad at me , the 2nd well ive never talked to him .. 
hahaha . i have 2012 friends . 
myspace is being weird for me right now haha 
[ i miss you quite terribly ] theres no place i could be but here in your arms 
so .. i dont know . i need to talk to someone . in particular ha 
i dont expect you to talk , then again i never should , i miss how we used to be .. 
so today was alright . lunch is my favorite part of the day though :] but not coz its a break just .. coz .. :] 
hmm . i dont mind it when people gauge their ears , but when they gauge their nose or lip or tongue or whatever it is , thats just too much haha 
hello seattle ? 
Okay . ive decided , tomorrow , either in person or on here or whatever ima talk to that boyy :] maybe . haha 
wants to talk to someone :/ anyonee :/ text me :S 
you know im a wreck and you know i cant breathe ; :/ 
finally ! i get to use the computer . so whats everyone up to ? 
hahaha i love the song everywhere i go by hollywood undead . its just awesome haha 
gone for 2 minutes and on myspace i have : new messages , new friends , new friend request , and app notifications . haha 
ugh haha im trying to set up facebook for my phonee , but it wont workD : i sent the stupid text twice and it wont send it to me 
whoa . it got dark fast haha 
Dont stop make it pop dj blow my speakers up tonight ; ? 
you build me up , you break me down , my heart it pounds yeah you got me ; ? 
yeah .... no . just no . never ever ever EVER say that to me again . lol this is the WEIRDEST converstation ive ever had . ever . lol 
hello everybody . lets talkkk ? 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with my best friends again . :/ 
i need to talk to somebody . 
the reason .. that i like having so many friends on myspace is because i dont like knowing what people i really know are doing . 
you spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round ;D 
You spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round :] 
how do you like my new pictures :) ? in the one i was staring at the sun .. and i got kinda bored in one of my classes and < PROPFIRST > on my fingers . i think it looks cool haha 
just read the funniest thing haha 
you know , i hate it when i text someone and all they say is Hi instead of Hey becoz when they say Hi i feel like they dont wanna talk to me or theyre mad .. coz thats how i use hi sometimes hahah i hate it when they do that 
earlier , at lunch i had a horrible accident haha all my friends did was sit there and laugh haha i started choking on super minty gum and yeah .. just .. i dunno haha 
im wearing tjs dog tags today haha the 09 ones :] pretty nifty haha 
ive noticed lately that its kind of easy to lie to people .. lol . 
found something depressing out today :/ 
so i < PROPFIRST > a pretty sweet volcano in geometry today . i got bored after the test so yeah .. ill put a pic of it up haha 
hmm . okay then 
so tonight has been kind of a hard night 
so i dont know if ive ever cried so badly , or if ive ever had that much mascara run down my face ha 
alright i give uppp haha 
uh oh ! D : one of my headphones are dead :/ i only get music out of my left ear phone now :/ 
and there goes my other headphone :/ good thing were going to walmart later haha 
hello everybody :] what's up ? 
yay ! new headphones :D theyre bright orange :] 
so whats up everybody ? lets talk :] 
i just ate a frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwich . haha (: 
fer shuree :D hmm so whats everyone up to ? haha 
i just noticed . on facebook i have 105 flair credits . on myspace i have 10 . haha 
Guns dont kill people , people with mustaches do . 
fer sure maybe fer sure not fer sure eh fer sure bomb . 
so i think i really injured myself last night , i hurt my neck , my leg , and i hit my head , im surprised with as hard as i hit it , that i didnt get a concussion ha 
It's so hard to be a < PROPFEMALE > in a rhinestone world .? 
i still dont wanna know .. 
i hate hypocrites . 
well i feel pretty retarded right now ... 
do -{--< ] : <--- Kid on skateboard 
is listening to blood on the dance floor . thats a good bandd .. just thought youd like to know :P 
so .. my question .. whose going to the 9th grade choir concert ? :] its After the 8th grade one 
It's so hard to be a < PROPFEMALE > in a rhinestone world ; 
Has anyone else noticed that people say that hate is a strong word ... yet people throw around the word love all the time ? 
haah so i messed up and left my account all logged in while i was at my concert and im sure there were people trying to talk to me but okay haha 
its official ! wednesday morning im dying my hair again :]] 
i really have nothing to do today . 
so im pretty excited for tomorrow getting my hair dyed at 6:30 then going to ogden a little later then going to a movieee later after thatt :D 
Let me be the first to wish you the worst , coz i think you deserve each other , let me be the curse that creeps under your skin until your heart caves in :) 
& hes gonna get high high high when hes low low low :P 
baby loves to dance in the dark , coz when hes looking she falls apart ; 
so you guys like my new hair ? ( : 
i dont know if i like the close up picture haha 
dont be mad coz my hair is so rad , life is good up in my hood :D teehee 
so ill be leaving for my movie in a few minutes (: 
is back from the movie 
n_n i just took some pictures and my hair looks purple . its pretty amazing :) 
hmm about a week ago , i had 2100 friends on myspace , since then 11 people have deleted me hahaha 
so i found out last night , if i take pictures in a certain light my hair looks purple . i thought it was pretty nifty haha 
oh yes my hair does look purple in certain light its pretty nifty i shall take pictures like that again tonight (: i have one picture up where it looks puple though 
et il m'aime encore , et moi je t'aime < PROPFEMALE > peu plus fort (: 
Don't be mad coz my hair is so rad , life is good up in my hood (: 
Why yes , yes i am trying to be a rainbow today . 
Omg i just found the coolest version of jingle bells ever 
is watching march of the wooden soldiers .. i think thats what its called :P 
what does everyone think of my hair ? im just wondering , coz i loveee it (: ? 
JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE BELLS JINGLE ALL THE WAY CHRISTMAS IN AUSTRALIA ON A SCORCHING SUMMER'S DAY JINGLE BELLS , JINGLE BELLS CHRISTMAS TIME IS BEAUT OH WHAT FUN IT IS TO RIDE IN A < PROPMALE > HOLDEN < PROPFEMALE > :D haha sorry for caps , i copied it (: 
dangit >.< i hate it when people cant/wont spell right . it drives me insane 
132 days . tomorrow it will be 133 (: 
so .. i just listened to blood on the dance floors's new song .. that they releashed about 15 minutes ago .. its pretty amazing (: 
we got a wii and a ton of games .. but i really just wanted a camera :/ haha 
i got everything i wanted (: 
Well if you wanted honesty thats all you had to say 
:DD i really .. love ... this song ... its .. not even funnyyy ... ( : it came out like a dayy ago (: its amazing . haha 
okay . im prolly about to offend people . lol but i decided to see what this < PROPFIRST > bieber guy sounds like .. i couldnt make it through a video .. like .. he sounds like a little kid honestly haha 
See see see ! i like those people who ask me to pc4pc and they actually keep their end up (: nice nice people they are 
i . really . love ?. this . song . 
okay . my cousin spent her own money to get me skullcandy earphones for christmas they were about 30 dollars and she spent about half of her money on just those (: thats so sweet 
ahhh my computer is being weird :( i cant do anything with my pictures without it saying there was a connection error :( ill have to try in a bit 
Apparently I've been added to the train . ( : 
I just found a screamo version of the song This is halloween from Nightmare before Christmas . I feel pretty acomplished haha 
my warpaint is sharpie ink (: 
wow . i post a TON of links haha 
H H H Hush you color my eyes red your loves not live its dead this letters written itself inside out again when rivers turn to roads and lovers become trends H H H Hush this is where it ends 
i know i know i know thats theres a place for me somewhere , out there ; 
i wont lie , im in pain right now , like , you dont even know . 
im pretty excited i got $50 last night (: and it happens we had to go to ogden this morning so were going to the mall while were there (: 
just got home from the mall (: 
new photo comments ? 
remember that i lovee you (: 
I love the song The quiet things that no one ever knows by Brand New (: its sad , but i love it 
You're so fly , no lie & you know this ; ballin , one of a kind , top of the line drop dead gorgeous (: 
Alright , people post some messed up stuff on truthbox && it always freezes on the worst thing possible when my mom or someone walks in .. haha 
hmmm . ive noticed when i find something on truthbox that i have an opinion about , i dont post it on there . instead i come and rant on here -_- 
Hush this is where it ends , color my eyes red , your loves not live its dead this letters written itself inside out again , when rivers turn to roads , and lovers become trends h h hush this is where it ends , this is where it ends . (: sad song but i love it 
alright , just out of curiosity , how many people on here have a myspace too ? 
Alright ! After this year , I firmly believe that famous people die in 3s . OKay i bet one more will die before 2009 is over . lol i dont mean to sound horrible .. but think about it .. haha oh yeah .. RIP the rev .. sad :/ 
I really need to make a new album of pictures on myspace . lol 
Sooo ima make a youtube account . lol . 
i just noticed a minute ago that they changed when you put up a new status of comment one of whatever instead of saying 2 seconds ago it says a few seconds ago 
Hmm im thinking about uploading these videos that are on my phone that me and my cousin did over the summer when i had to babysit her 
ive decided ... that ... i want to move to florida . for numerous reasons (: 
Ahhhh ! omg my ear is bleeding i took it outta my ear and now its bleeding blahh haha 
you hit me once i hit you back you gave a kick i gave a slap you smashed a plate over my head then i set fire to our bed :P haha 
my mom just told me its pretty amazing when you start world war 3 -_- 
okay so sometimes , when it says im online and you message me or something .. this has happened quite a few times .. haha ... anyways im prolly not at the computer so sorry if you like im me or something and i dont answer thats prolly why .. 
Say it once say it twice take < PROPMALE > and roll the dice ride with the < PROPFEMALE > in the dead of night :P ha i love this song . i found a screamo version of it too , i mentioned that the other night .. 
Ihatewhenpeoplerandomlystoptextingyou . 
I haven't showered since last year . 
Maybe i'm alone in this but i find peace in solitude ; 
yummy .? 
play it loud , play it loud , raise your voice , shout it out , play it loud :P 
Da na na na the re re fle fle fle flexx :D 
Da nanana the fle fle fle flexx ? 
Tell me does she look at you the way i do ? Try to understand the words you say and the way you move . Does she get the same big rush when you go in for a hug and your cheeks brush ? Tell me , am I crazy ? Or is this more than a crush ? 
wow people have been putting alot of stuff on my < PROPFEMALE > lately haha :P 
ive finally decided to start using my twitter .. the one ive had for .. a very long time haha i forgot the username and everything but i recovered it (: 
joy , im going to the grocery store . haha 
um yeah . im back hahah and still kinda pissed off . 
i officially Really want to go to England . 
wow twitter on my phone is ton faster then facebook -_- sometimes facebook is like a day or 2 late but this is like 2 seconds after i send it :P 
Lol i found this guy on youtube , and i went to his myspace and hes a good singer too , and he does like covers/parodies of songs and im listening to his version of fireflies and its pretty good :P 
you would not believe your eyes , if 10 million home supplies appeared and taught me how to live ;) 
i do agree with the girl on truthbox ; i hate going places with people prettier than e coz the guys always talk to them not that i care much anyways but still ! 
i have a really bad headacheish typa thing haha 
i dont really feel like being on the computer . text me if you want , i cant gaurantee ill answer though . 
i only watch american idol to watch the auditions . after those are over , i stop watching it , i dunno i think its stupid . haha 
hopefully when i take my earrings out later they wont bleed near as bad as they did last night 
The only thing that sucks about having alot of friends is when you notice the number of friends go down .. youll never know who removed you haha 
do you like my new pictures ? i dunno if i ould keep them or not . 
gahhh ; im so sleepy :/ 
Follow me on twitter guys (: ill love you forever if you do . I promise :D www.twitter.com/emokatz990 
is watching south parkxD dont forget to follow me on twitter ! www.twitter.com/emokatz990 
4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , earth below us , drifting , falling , floating weightless , calling calling , home ; 
Happy birthday mommy :3 
i got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > for a bit today :P it was pretty fun actually 
4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , earth below us , drifting , falling , floating weightless , calling calling home ; 
New photo comments :D 
So the game Dead Space . It's actually pretty fun (: and i kick butt at it :D 
Chop , chop , chop you up ! Ima monster ! Hahaha ! Eat you like a cannibal , spit you out like an animal ! x2 Slice , slice , slice you up . Ima monster ! Hahaha ! Cut you up I'll slice and dice . Serve you up as cold as ice . x2 xD 
follow me follow me follow me follow me pleeeassseeeD : www.twitter.com/emokatz990 
i have the worst headache ever . 
I'm doing random myspace surveys that i'll have up on my personal account later :P not the one with over 2400 people .. 
i just found nail polish that smells like spray paint . 
Guys i have a question . What is the most unique thing about me ? 
Gahhh im tired of stupid app notifications on myspaceD : i guess thats what happens when you have truthbox and 2500 friends . 
a couple surveys up on my personal myspace account :3 well if you wanna get to know me i guess go read em :D 
got out of school early todayxD the power went out :P 
Gahhhh what'd ya think about the power outage this morning ? xD 
my headache still hasnt gone away away awayy oh wayyy oohhhhhhhD : hahaha okay . 
Whitnee you are my wonderwall . 
Atychiphobia <-- I think i have it . 
This is taking forever . D : 
I spend endless hours working on < PROPMALE > work that isnt even for school , but yet i never do my homework . Hmm . 
I'm going to re-write all my about me's . 
I re-wrote everything :P 
Did you guys read my new about me ? Do you like it ? I put everything very bluntly , and there are some random things about me in there too . 
Okay , so all i want for my birthday is money . Thats all i wantttt . I have a special reason too , that Ima save my money up for 
This song makes me dance . 
dahvie said hi to meee :D ahhh im so excitedd haha 
Jet black , < PROPFEMALE > hair , people stare , i don't care , wanna taste ? sure i'll share . gotta be big i'll take you there . glammed up and fabulous looking hot , dangerous :D 
Saveee < PROPFEMALE > .? 
? ? ? 
Iswearthaticangoonforeveragain , pleaseletmeknowthatmyonebaddaywillend . 
D: It scares me when people say : \We need to talk . \ " \ " I have to tell you something . \ " I have a question . \ " Gahh it makes my heart pound . " 
If God made it rain intelligence , you'd have your umbrella up . 
I know this pretty rave girl , always think about her , when she says hi to me , butterflies go right through me , and when i see her dancing , wanna take a < PROPMALE > and getting a little closer and maybe get to know her . 
Orange isn't a natural skin color . 
Pedestrians is another word for speedbump . 
Hello fascination . 
-_- i really wanna watch < PROPMALE > and joon . or is it june ? i dunno i just saw someone who spelled it joon . hmm . whatever . i still really wanna watch it . 
Random acts of kindess really do make impacts :P 
Watching for the tsunami to hit hawaii . 
Lol I'm scared of putting my pictures up anywhere coz i'm afraid people will steal them and pretend to be me . haha or just save them .. creepers . 
I found , myself , in wonderland ; 
Today I feel like being nice to people :S That's kind of different .. I mean like giving people compliments and all that . 
I can't wait til summer . Not this summer . Next summer . 
I wonder if you can delete myyearbook accounts ... there's too many creepers on there . 
Oh thank goodness i swear i was about to kill people ._. 
yay for people , i feel loved . 
Shhhh . It's a secret . >.> <.< >.> 
People who chew their gum like retarded cows make me wanna hurt people . 
Jet black < PROPFEMALE > hair , people stare , I don't care , Wanna taste ? Sure I'll share . Gotta be big , I'll take you there . 
facebook . is pissing me off . 
Baby , I love you , I never wanna let you go 
Some people .. just REALLY piss me the hell off . 
Mmm about to leave to go the school .. :P 
This morning , I woke up really late , missed the bus , we found out the one car tire was flat , so my mom said I could just stay home . That's the real reason I stayed . :P 
ohh jeez . its so easy to amuse me when im tired . i laugh at everything . 
On the brightside , I just found my driver's handbook . Guess I'll study . 
Gahhh ahaha I feel a bit better now . I can't wait for something now n.n 
I'm going to Ogden tomorrow , to see < PROPFEMALE > in 3d . :P 
Ladies don't start fights , but they can finish them . v.v 
I love people who post sarcastic comments on my posts . ( : God you/those people are annoying . 
I'm such a failure at life right now . Ahaha . 
I just realized you can put your anniversary date on your profileO : Omg . That's nifty . 
Yay , I don't feel like such a failure anymore ; all the posts i've done on truthbox , i've got over 200 emps , plus one is on the front of the last few hours most popular , and the second post is on the second page . :DD 
Hmmm ... I don't really like 2nd lunch , anymore . I did last year , but not now >.> 
I can finally see , that you're right there beside me . I am not my own . For I have been made new . Please don't let me go . I desperatly need you . 
Pisces downfall is their sensitivity and their inability to reject another person . <--- This . This is the one thing i have a problem with . I'm too nice . Ohh yeah , my birthday is in : 5 days . 
Oh darlin ' I know what you're goin ' through . 
I will not allow him to buy me expensive things . 
I'm going through and deleteing pictures on myspace . Something ive needed to do for a long time . 
I decided to go through pictures today , and in all the pictures that i took with someone , i tagged them in it . Im also deleting pictures too . 
Hah hah hah . < PROPMALE > needs to reply to < PROPFIRST > , my twitter's bein spammed ahah 
my throat is even worse todayD : 
Yayy my friend quit doing drugs ^_^ 
I'm getting the sims 3 today i think .. i hate being sick though . I doubt ill be able to go to school for a couple days :/ i cant stand laying in bed all day , i finally decided to get up and actually do something even though im really weak .. 
I'm out of school for the rest of the week . v.v 
Darling , what is going on ? Honestly , that never happened . 
What makes me sad is a couple of my \best friends\ " didn't even take the time to tell me happy birthday . " 
On your knees , pretty please . 
kids who've been going out for like a week make me laugh when they say they \love\ " each other . psh yeah right . haha " 
Cover me in blush , Im a sugar rush , so sinful with my stare , like a millionare . 
why do people use random pictures of other people , or of anime people or cars or whatever , instead of using an actual picture of them ? it bugs me , aha . 
Bitches get stitches they end up in ditches so get the riches xp 
Only my mama would let me blast blood on the dance floor in the car . 
I can be so mean when I want to be . I am capable of really anything . I can cut you into pieces . 
Guns don't kill people , people with mustaches do . 
He ate my heart and then he ate my brain 
Your imagination could be the death of you ;P 
What is it about me that bores people ? People always seem to get bored of me after a few days or so . 
i miss my pokemon posterr . 
THAT is what forgivness sounds like . Screaming and then silence . 
We all know the saying . Guns don't kill people , people with mustaches do . 
Angels and airwaves <3 
I got the bang bang if ya know what i mean , it goes bang a bang a bang a bang :D 
Together we'll dance in the dark 
I'm gonna stick a pitchfork , RIGHT . IN . YOUR . EYE . 
Found something to do tonight xp 
So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ? 
bing- because its not google . 
my face burnnnsss . thats what i get for washing my face , when i have a bad sunburn on it . 
I'm ready to turn off my notifications for when people poke me on my phone ;_; < PROPFIRST > its your fault for making me turn it on!:') 
Komm und hilf mir fliegen , Leih mir deine Flügel , Ich tausch sie gegen die Welt , gegen alles was mich hält , Ich tausch Sie heute nacht 
Küss mich jetzt , im Gegenlicht wie'n Geisterfahrer such ich dich . Die Nacht ist kalt , ich fahr allein , wie'n Geisterfahrer um endlich bei dir zu sein 
Für einen Tag , Für eine Nacht , Für einen Moment , In dem du lachst , Wir durchbrechen die Zeit , Gegen jedes Gesetz , für immmer jetzt , Für immer du und Ich , Für immer jetzt 
Wir bleiben immer , schreiben uns in die Ewigkeit , Ich weiss das immer , irgendwo was bleibt , Wir fühlen , wir sind fürs Ende nicht bereit , Wir sterben niemals aus , Ihr tragt uns bis in alle Zeit 
I am not afraid to keep on livin . I am not afraid to walk this world alone . < PROPFEMALE > if you stay i'll be forgiven . Nothing you can say can stop me going home . 
just got back from the pool .. that was interesting .. 
today ive just been sleepy Dx i slept for like 5 hours after class and then i just woke up again 15 minutes ago :') lazy day ! 
Country music is not something i'd be proud to drive around with it cranked up way up high .. 
Today was fun . :) 
Ich kann ehrlich sagen , daß ich nicht kümmern , was Menschen sagen hier , weil sie alle nur reden über jede kleine Sache werden sie tun , und ich ehrlich gesagt nicht Pflege , und nicht wanna hören . ; - ; ugh . 
I see my drivers < PROPMALE > teacher is out and about driving with kids this morning 
Why in the world would people come here just to scoop up dirt from where the < PROPFEMALE > is going ? Why would someone go jar it up ? Lol . Jeez . 
< PROPMALE > is really middle-class , uptight , and boring , a zero . 
It's not what you said , it's the way you say it . It's not what you did , it's the way you do it . Sick and tired of needing your affection , I chose to be lonely , than live without your attention . 
it's crazy how i can just tell 317 random people everything ive been holding in . maybe its because they dont really know me and wont really judge me . 
techno music is nice . 
Well , I guess i'm gonna go drive . I'm getting pretty good <3 
i should have a phone tomorrow because my uncle is absolutely awesome . 
i laugh too long at stupid stuff when im tired 
Now i'm here , no more fears . Angel don't you cry , I'll meet you on the other side . 
really . shes gonna be on oprah because of our ' cyber bullying ' im sorry but that is not bullying ok . she threatened everybody first and we had to tell her to knock it off so she runs to her daddy and now theyre gonna be on oprah . grrreeeaat . haha 
lol i told my 11 year old cousin that if she ever acts like that girl , ill beat her lool . 
except for this guy . i like this guy . well just kidding i like everybody . just not animal abusers . or child abusers .. or any abusers .. o.o 
Nothihg pedo-ish about a 26year old arabic man being in a little video chat with 3 fifteen year old girls ~ 
That's gonna be my next hair color ~ 
i would love to get into hip hop dancing 
VF intro threads . Weeeeeee 
this is why i like asian people . 
this video is absolutely fabulous 
There's a place downtown , where the freaks all come around :p 
This is magical . I need glitter . Now . 
Every . Single . Time . 
OMG it's 3 pm and i woke up just like 15 minutes ago .. 
omg my mind is blown 
I havent had my hair curled for years ! So tonight I decided to experiment with it . 
Some people are absolutely ridiculous 
i have the hiccups :( And i ache from yesterday :| 
i have the hiccups for the second time today . 
Nobody likes you . Everyone left you . They're all out without you . Havin fun . Everyone left you . Nobody likes you . :D 
this is my jam . omg . 
My friends list is definately getting cleaned out tonight . 
Blahh today Ifeel horrible :| And it didn't make me feel better when I went and got my schedule . I don't wanna go to school . 
wow that's something i didnt need to know ; 
;~; hmm . 
The song that plays on my blog just makes me insanely happy whenever I hear it . Idgaf if it's instrumental . 
I have no way of getting to ogden today . :| 
ohmygod are you kidding me . 
I dont think anyone understands my love for this game . 
I'm not very excited about school . I have the people I want to see , and then I have the rest of the people ;~; 
i finished my game . I need a new one :| I spent 39 hours something on it , now i have nothing to do . 
I've lost all faith I had in you . Everytime we are going to do something , something always happens . I'm done . 
Sometimes , I wonder why I have a facebook , because 98% of the time , I do not care what you are doing , where you are going , and why you're so mad at so and so . 
Your knife , my back . My gun , your head . 
omg I actually left my facebook and everything else left logged in for 5 hours and I wasnt even home .. crap .. 
Demyx demyx demyx demyx <3 
Cross my heart , I hope you die . Left by the roadside , < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch , right ? 
That anonymous person made my day . And I don't even know who it wasD ; 
I really dont want to start school again , i mean i dont start til next monday , but im freaking out that im gonna get lost . the school is huge and i didnt take time to look around it . Im so nervous about next week :| 
I've decided i no longer need to see you . Outta my life now =D 
Oh yeah , i'm also dying my hair soon . Itll be bright . And im gonna like it . 
Haha I love asian people . 
Tonight was an experience and a half .. 
haha . msi is great . 
I've driven about probably 18 hours , and 16 1/2 are at night . Woo . 
I'm in one of the best moods right now :33 
I just found some pictures that I had a conversation with someone whose facebook got deleted so it looks like I was talking to myself . Well then . 
All i feel is strange , strange in your perfect world 
I just realized that half the time , I ignore friend invites on youtube on accident . I feel so bad right now 
i swear im the only one who does not care at all about degrassi . 
Until you grow up , stay away from me . 
Last night was amazing . :))) 
My aunt is absolutely ridiculous . 
So ... I just woke up . And I'm still tired , hmm . Shower or go back to bed .. that is the question .. 
how do people manage to mix up bored , and board ? this makes me like lose faith in my generation . :\\ 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > kaulitz =D 
Tonight I have realized quite a few things . I need to change . 
I really like school . I have some cute people in some of my classes . :) 
I know something you will never know . 
Ich bin hier . Hinter dir . Geisterfahrer , ich komm mit . Auf deinem letzten Stück . 
Hello there . The angel from my nightmare . The shadow in the background of the morgue . The unsuspecting victim , of darkness in the valley , we can live like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > if we want . Where you can always find me . And we'll have Halloween on Christmas , and in the night we'll wish this never ends . 
I want to move to japan . right now . 
Some people should just not be allowed to be near a computer . Oh jeez . 
If you really knew me , you'd probably regret wanting to . 
Wow . My mood went from like . :| To :3333 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are gonna be comin out to watch a movie soon . :) 
Well this whole thing was easier to deal with than expected :D 
Ich bin hier . Hinter dir . Geisterfahrer , ich komm mit . Auf deinem letzten Stück . Küss mich jetzt , im gegenlicht . Wie'n geisterfahrer , such ich dich . Die nacht is kalt , ich fahr allein . Wie'n geisterfahrer . Um endlich bei dir zu sein . 
Tonight was alright . Until I saw a couple people I didn't want to see :/ 
corvettes :DD 
epic light up sword fights ftw :D 
It's our problem free , philosophy . Hakuna Matata what a wonderful phrase :D 
Two can keep a secret , if one of us is dead . 
Well I can run just as fast as I can to the middle of nowhere , to the middle of my frustrated fears , and I swear , you're just like a pill . Instead of making me better , you keep making me ill . 
I hate finding random scratches on my body that don't hurt until after I notice it ;~; 
hahaha , can i just punch you in the elbow ? 
I just want this one thing . Just this once . Please :/ 
I'm pretty sure < PROPFEMALE > is one of the best people I've ever met over the internet . She really knows how to give advice , and boost someone's confidence that's for sure ? 
You know , I'm gonna be shunned from my family pretty soon ;P 
Hum . I've been listening that song for awhile . There's a few people I wish i could send it to .. 
I finally finished whitnee's picture . She better love me because it took probably and hour and a half , maybe two hours to draw .. 
Ahhh i'm so happy :3 
Ahh i got 98 out of 100 on my math test :33 
Ich bin hier . Hinter dir . Geisterfahrer , ich komm mit . Auf deinem letzten Stück . Küss mich jetzt , im gegenlicht , wie'n geisterfahrer such ich dich . Die Nacht ist kalt , ich fahr allein , wie'n Geisterfahrer , um endlich bei dir zu sein 
Omg there is grass in my nose . Oh well . Tonight was fantastic :3 
I'm going to say this once . I would appreciate it if people wouldn't offer to go ask someone something , or tell them something that I don't want them to know yet . It's my business , and I don't need people messing around in it . 
goodnight everybody . it's been a very long day ;~; 
Oh , I really like mcr's new stuff :3 
November 22 . ? 
I actually look forward to Mondays . I'm not gonna lie . 
Bah , I am freezing :| 
I love My Chemical Romance's new songs . Just sayin ' 
For my security , \ 
to every enemy . \ 
Were on your property , \ 
standing in a V-formation . \ 
Tough like a bullet shell ; \ 
just like a sleeper cell . \ 
Id rather go to hell than be in purgatory . \ 
Cut my hair , \ 
gag and bore me . \ 
Pull this pin , \ 
let this world explode . 
This is so cool . It sounds like I'm getting a penpal =D 
Never your heart shall I break . 
Look alive , sunshine . 
She's just a little girl , she knows nothing of this little game we like to play . 
I need .. to get to the bottom of WHY YOU ARE DOING THAT . 
My voice is gonna be gone tomorrow 
If I am able to move at all tomorrow , it will be a miracle . Plus I am pissed , because < PROPFIRST > simmons looked at me and threw a guiter pick at me , but some ass in front of me leaned out and grabbed it :( 
Well . it was surprisingly easier to move today than expected 
So this person , sent me this anonymous message to me , and I swear to god it was the sweetest thing someone has EVER said to me . Ever . I wish I knew who it was . 
Going to watch a movie ? then bed . I don't know how I haven't just dropped dead yet , i'm so exhausted :/ Plus I want to know what I got on the math test we took today . Eek ;~; 
He said , son when you grow up , would you be the saviour of the broken , the beaten , and the damned ? 
im having problems lately . i cannot hold anything steady and im really dizzy . \ 
humpf stupid stuff for making me tired . ._. 
I throw my homework in the air sometimes saying AYYOOO I'll take a ZERROOO 
i have a serious question . if a straightedge person was diagnosed with cancer and they had like shitty symptoms and they were able to smoke medicinal marijuana and it would make them feel so much better , would they do it ? 
I'm so excited , omg . I got 100% on my math test , which is literally a first in my life . \ 
Oh jeez . (: 
I can't ever say the right things . 
If the bombs go off , the sun will still be shining . 
I'm not here for your entertainment . 
Guess what I'm doing tomorrow\ 
\ 
Waking up when September ends <3 
Noo .. No no no no nNOOOOOOOO \ 
I should have deleted that before I went to the movie . SHHiiiittttD : 
I think I might go crash . And .. it's been a long ... eventful day . Uhm so , feel free to text me someone . Please ? :| 
Smile , happy looks good on you . 
Everybody wants to change the world , but no one , no one wants to die . 
just jamming out to love gun ok . 
I wish I could pull of blonde . 
Urgh according to that chart thing , i'm kinda underweight-ish . Oh . ohkay . 
I need to stop debating with myself all the time .. 
I'm pretty sure I should pack my shit up and move to New Zealand 
I am no angel . 
We all < PROPFEMALE > these things inside that no one else can see . They hold us down like anchors , they drown us out at sea . 
say goodbye to the hearts you break and all the cyanide you drank . 
I'm not what you want me to be . Sorry . 
Der Himmel , zieht sich zu . \ 
Ihr letzter Traum , bleibt ungeträumt . ? 
Ugh who eats ramen noodles for breakfast ? \ 
This girl right here . Yup . 
Young and in love , heart attacks waiting to happen . So come a little closer , tell me those three little words . 
I give up . 
Do people really feel the need to interfere with things ? :/ 
If I let you in , you'd just want out . \ 
If I tell you the truth , you'd vie for a lie . \ 
If I spilt my guts , it would make a mess we can't clean up . \ 
If you follow me , you will only get lost . \ 
If you try to get closer , we'll only lose touch . \ 
Yes you already know too much , and you're not going anywhere . 
Ha well driving through that storm was .. scary . 
I really ... want my red hair back . 
So I guess what I'm feeling is like a beautiful sadness . 
No more attempting to be something that everyone else wants . Either like me for how I am , or leave . It's your choice . 
I'm still actually quite pissed about what happened at lunch . 
Poor , poor Mr. Pushover . Never had a doubt , now you're going crazy . 
Pretty sure I just found the best lady gaga cover ever . 
You\ 
and I wake up in jail together , ONLY using four words what would you \ 
say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment you must play along , copy and paste \ 
this to your status . ) 
I should have taken the < PROPMALE > when I had it . Because now I regret not taking it . 
Oh hey , I don't feel like seeing your face on my newsfeed . 
How do you say goodbye , when you've hardly said hello ? 
I'm probably one of the most blunt , shor t-t empered people I know 
I really , really want to dye my hair friday :3 
Finished cupcakes today . Lucky this year some girl didn't steal mine because this time I only had two and decided to give one of them to someone <3 
Read between the lines , what's fucked up and everything's alright . Check my vital signs to know I'm still alive and I walk alone . 
< PROPMALE > Way's bright red hair ? omg 
Oh . 
There is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a < PROPMALE > when you really don't . 
I still laugh about that girl who called me a poser for liking MCR every now and then . People who are the real posers entertain me . 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE & EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . ... Will ... you ........ make it your status for at least one hour ?......? Promote LOVE & Acceptance , not hate . 
The lovers are loving , but the lovers , they hate me too . 
Besides , people should judge more on a person's personality than how they look , or what they do . Pesonality is the most important thing . At least to me . 
Oh my god . What the hell is that 
Being sick sucks . 
Ha so , if you see me tomorrow morning , but not at like lunch or after , I'm probably dead from being sick and going to dance 1st hour . Ohkay . 
I can be sweet , just like reeses , I can be cruel , shred you to pieces . I can be your savior , undertaker , I can be the love of your life , or your heartbreaker . 
The dance floor is my stage . 
I am so retarded , why do I do the things that I do ? 
Nobody gets how much I actually try .. It doesn't work so well , that I know of anyway . \ 
So i'm stopping . \ 
Starting tomorrow . 
I am not doing very good this morning . :/ 
I hate it when I buy a bag of air and there's chips in it . 
This song for some reason makes me look forward to winter . 
Ugh my math test sucked .. but I'm still holding my 4.0 :] I'm pretty proud of myself . 
Post this as your status and see what people say about you . \I love your _________ . \"" 
I love Whitnee's face and the essay she wrote . 
i hate the fact that everytime someone Im's me on facebook it freezes me computer for about 5 minutes . 
Who wore purple today ? \ 
And who else is gonna wear pink on the 27th ? n_n 
I like ... your face . 
Leih mir deine Flügel . 
Love , give me love , give me love , I don't need it , but I'll take what I want from your heart , and I'll keep it in a bag , in a box , put an X on the floor , give me more , give me more , give me more . 
I never went to the choir concert . I wanted to .. but didn't . But oh well . I'm going to watch How to train your dragon now . 
I just slept for 14 hours . Oh . 
I don't think anyone knows how much I'd use a ' nobody cares ' button on here . \ 
I'm so mean , omg . 
I really dislike rain . :| 
You are so amazing . 
I WILL WIN THIS WAR >:D 
No , no no no no . This is not fair . Ohmygod I can't cough and hiccup at the same time . I'm going to explode , omg >.< 
So let me say , that I love you . You're all i've ever wanted , all i ever dreamed of to come . And yes you did come . <3 
You spin me right round baby , right round , like a record baby , right round , round round . 
< PROPMALE > , don't even start it ~ 
On the phone with pretty much the most amazing person . Ever . 
LOL I love fakes . I love people who think that the people faking someone is that actual person even more . 
poor taco time :/ 
I'm not what you want me to be , sorry . 
Like this status , and I promise you ... absolutely nothing with happen . 
Pretty sure I'm screwed in my digital media class : x 
I'm rather nervous to go back to school tomorrow .. 
I'm definitely not like anyone else .. 
Omg I just woke up from a like 2 hour nap and I still can barely keep my eyes open . Eugh . 
When you see my face , hope it gives you hell . 
So who remembers the halloween where we wore christmas hats instead of costumes ? :] 
I don't think i'm anyone's dream girl . 
I'm pretty sure that right there made my life . 
Noomi Rapace is my new favorite actress . 
Could somebody please explain to me why people get so worried about me being mad at them . It's like it eats away at them or something . Most of the time it has nothing to do with you and i'm in a pissy mood so don't even freaking ask what you did , or why I'm pissy . None of your business anyway . Ugh . If you can't tell , i'm in one of those moods now , ugh . 
Okay , it's nice you're happy about lil < PROPMALE > getting out of jail . But holy shit I'm tired of seeing it everywhere I freakin look . I don't care . At all . He obviously deserved to go because he broke the law . Just because he is famous doesn't make him any more special than anyone else who has broken the law . 
Going to the play tonight . :) 
< PROPMALE > Way is attractive . No matter what hair color he is sporting . 
L-O-L at the vicious mood I'm in . 
How is it that it's 4:30 pm , and I just barely woke up ? 
I'm too nice for my own good . I wish I could be meaner to the people that deserve it . 
I'm not here for your entertainment , you don't really want to mess with me tonight . Just stop and take a second , I was fine before you walked into my life . 
What you doing friends of mine ? Holding back , friends of mine ? I've always heard you calling . 
i have such a headache today :/ 
I feel like I just annoy people when I talk to them 
Just got home . Ugh the most fun I've had for a long time . :) 
So this weekend has been pretty awesome , if I do say so myself . 
I still have a ton of writing all over my hands 
When the sun drips down bedding heavy behind , the front of your dress all shadowy lined , and the droning engine throbs in time with your beating heart . 
Ugh it was so cold tonight 
Oh and that damn fish that jumped up and scared the shit out of me . Yeah that was fun . :D 
I'm so cold . I'm so cold . I'm so cold . I'm so cold . I'm so cold . Omg < PROPFIRST > I am blaming you for this c : 
Would someone please explain , the reason for this strange behavior ? 
Only 4 more days . <3 
Im the kinda human wreakage that you love 
Sing it for the boys , sing it for the girls , everytime that you lose it , sing it for the world , sing it from the heart , sing it til you're nuts , sing it out for the ones that'll hate your guts , sing it for the deaf , sing it for the blind , sing about everyone that you left behind . Sing itfor the world . 
Grace < PROPFEMALE > is so adorable . Though I thought she was a boy at first .. 
If I worked on homework , and missing work as much as I work on personal < PROPMALE > projects , I'd still have my 4.0 . 
Curling my hair . Not something i normally do but i am now for kicks 
Listen up , the future is bulletproof , the aftermath is secondary , it's time to do it now and do it loud , killjoys , make some noise . 
Grace < PROPFEMALE > is so adorable . 
Ugh this is going to be the longest half hour of my life 
They said All teenagers scare the livin shit outta me , they could care less , as long as someone will bleed , so darken your clothes or strike a violent pose , they may leave you alone but not me . 
I got my copy of Danger Days , therefore I am one happy camper 
if my velocity starts to make you sweat then just don't let go\ 
and if their heaven ain't got a vacancy\ 
then we just , then we just , then we just , then we just\ 
get up and go 
Can I be the only hope for you ? Because you're the only hope for me . 
You don't believe in god , I don't believe in luck , they don't believe in us , but I believe in the enemy 
Easy peasy pumpkin peezy pumpkin pie motherfucker ! 
I still remember when a girl called me a poser for liking mcr (; That day was probably the best laugh of my life 
It seems that I have run out of things to say to you . 
< PROPMALE > , you are NOT getting me anything for Christmas . 
< PROPFEMALE > loves the beat and the lust it commands , drop the dagger and lather the blood on your hands < PROPMALE > 
Only been two days since I started Aerobics , and it's already kicking my ass 
I hate the fact that whenever someone IM's me on here , it completely freezes my computer up for at least 5 minutes 
I feel like such a creeper sometimes omg 
Just got off the phone with someone amazing . 
just going to watch Life on the murder scene to pass time :D 
Easy peazy pumpkin peezy pumpkin pie mother fucker 
I am in one of the worst moods right now , oh god this can't be a good thing . 
That game was the most ridiculous thing I think I've ever played . 
We can leave this world , \ 
Leave it all behind , \ 
We can steal this car if your folks don't mind , \ 
We can live forever if you've got the time . 
I think this is the first year in like 4 years that I haven't taken choir . I really kinda miss it . :| 
I didn't go to the concert tonight , sadly . 
Guys , I need to admit something . I am a total dumb shit because I accidently mistaked a car for another car . Omg guys I am such a fucking failure to humanity D: 
Everybody wants to change the world , but nobody , nobody wants to die . 
Ugh omg why does everybody hate me now 
I wish I could have lived in the 1950's . 
It's a sad day when people care more about the fact that paramore broke up , than the fact that DADT was repealed . 
Just about to make some Christmas cards , I might as well . Anybody else want one ? 
< PROPMALE > stop it no you dont 
Don't mind while I delete the majority of my pictures/albums 
I love , love , love it when people accuse me of having bad english , when they themselves cannot spell , nor distinguish differences between words like ' your , and ' you're ' , and so on . It's great 
A < PROPFEMALE > bullet and a gun made of gold , she was covered in blood last seen in San < PROPFIRST > 
I've had quite the weirdest obsession lately . 
I really want some pizza 
How do you say goodbye when you've hardly said hello ? 
I'm your biggest fan . 
We raise our glass , now heres to you : F-u-c-k Y-o-u . 
Not gonna lie , I dislike more people than I like . 
Together we'll dance in the dark . 
I was pretty sure I was going to die after school today . 
Be careful what you wish for , cause you just might get it :] 
Attempting to finish my personality mask for psychology .. Really dunno what to put on it , hah . 
And I promised myself that I'd do anything , anything at all for them to notice me . 
I'm in one of those stupid fucking moods where you could say something , anything , and I could probably find a fight in it , and probably rip your fragile mental health to bits . 
That settles it . Never will I ever go into a New York City subway . 
Stupid presentations for classes >.< It's not fair , I get so shaky D: 
When I grow up , I wanna be famous , I wanna be a < PROPFEMALE > , I wanna be in movies . 
I'm having mixed feelings between nervous and excited for tomorrow :| 
Sometimes you gotta act like you don't care . 
There is this girl , she is asian but she is < PROPFEMALE > too . So she knows chinese and all that but she has this < PROPFEMALE > accent and she lives in Ireland and she is sooo adorable . 
I don't want to let you go , but my hand hurts to hold the rope . 
< PROPFIRST > I am excited about this ! We need to make it happen . :) 
This is getting to be harder than I expected . I am totally out of ideas now . Hmmph . 
Ugh still attempting at designing that . It needs to be something that works for both and I can't figure anything yet . Hmmph . 
Today was great . I met so many new and beautiful people <3 
I love the fact they played < PROPFEMALE > Minaj at challenge day today too 
I cannot wait for my 18th birthday . 
I get attached so easy , but I can forget just as quick . 
Facebook is so boring today . What is this ? 
A < PROPFEMALE > bullet , and a gun made of gold , she was covered in blood last seen in San < PROPFIRST > . 
I told myself , i'm tired of holding up your backup plans . 
Jordaannn < PROPFIRST > :3 HEY 
Over-thinking ruins you . Ruins the situation , ruins the moment , twists things around , makes you worry , and generally just makes everything much worse than it actually is . 
Well this just sucks . :/ 
Living here is so frustrating . 
What's so good about picking up the pieces ? .. what if I don't even want to ? 
The kids don't care if you're alright hunny , pills don't help but it sure is funny . 
This is getting to be extremely ridiculous . 
I better be able to go on the 4th dammit . :] 
What a thing to get back on to . 
Amor vincit omnia . 
Anyone want to be kind enough to go get me some arby's curly fries ? Haha . 
Well , what a day . 
Someday I'll drive , close both my eyes . \ 
We swim in circles in the blue lights . \ 
And I just want to fade away into the sky under the sea . \ 
A million kisses underwater as we walk into the ocean . 
Ladies and gentlemen , I introduce the selfish machine . 
I had a mini revolution today . 
The best of us can find happiness in misery . 
If we didn't have stupid thoughts , we'd have no interesting thoughts at all . 
I keep telling myself , you know this is the last time . But it just keeps happening . 
The nice weather is gone :/ 
Only a month ; ? 
Inspiration for my tattoo ? \ 
I found some . 
The haters are hating , the haters they hate me . The lovers are loving , but the lovers , they hate me too . 
Tell me something sweet to get me by . 
All my life , I've been good , and now Ohhh I'm thinkin what the hell ? 
passed my test ;3 
i luv my friends :) 
It's so hard to be a < PROPFEMALE > in a rhinestone world . 
One week from today c : 
Don't be a drag , just be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hate math . And when I say hate , I mean I really , REALLY loathe it . 
For some people is it like tomorrow to them already ? Cause my birthday is tomorrow , not today :p But thanks to everyone who has posted so far <3 
got my license :) 
If anyone wants tickets to lady gaga tomorrow , we have 8 extra tickets for $75 dollars each . 
Regarding those tickets , if anyone is interested , theyre $75 a ticket , section 138 , row 18 , seats 1-8 . 
I've never been so true , but if my heart was still beating , it would be for you . 
Its nice being right up next to the stage . :) 
So I took a couple videos last night , and after the show I went to watch them and all you can hear is static . -__- It was so loud my phone didn't pick up the sound that well . I'll post pictures later though . 
It's great being sick . Just .. great . 
I'll tell you all how the story ends , \ 
Well , the good guys die and the bad guys win . Who cares ? 
A fire burns today , of blasphemy and genocide . The sirens of decay will infiltrate the faith fanatics . 
Today has been the worst day I've had in a long time . 
Today , I felt really short . Probably because I wasn't wearing shoes , which give me like an inch to my height , haha . 
today is so dumb and weird . i dunno why i even came . 
Hold my heart , it's beating for you anyway . 
It's okay , i like the taste of shaving cream . 
New shoes ? 
All your quirks and all your problems , even your depressions and your failures , that's what makes you , you . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Way . 
I guess you could say I have a knack for messing good things up with important people . 
My new shoes got here today . :3 
I am so sore from today . But it was awesome and amazing . 
The kids don't care if you're alright hunny , pills don't help , but it sure is funny . 
