is ready for it to be Thursday ! 

is going to < PROPMALE > on Tuesday and looking forward to a weekend in Fort Worth in less than two weeks ! 
is going to < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out on < PROPMALE>'s tour bus ! Pictures coming soon ... 
will be in Fort Worth again in 3 days ! 
will be in the lone < PROPFEMALE > state tomorrow , but not a lone man ! 
is engaged ! 
thanks everyone for their congratulations on his engagement 
is saying goodbye to a long summer of separation from his fiancee today ! 
YES ! GO COUGARS !! 
considers it a blessing from heaven that he does not have a multivariable calculus assignment due on monday 
is taking engagement photos tonight , and turning 23 tomorrow ! 
is grateful for all of your birthday wishes 
Just got the latest < PROPMALE > album and is enjoying it so far ! 
Has the best co-workers in the world !!!!!! 
Go Frogs ! 
has now experienced rushing the field . Go Cougars !!!! 26-23 
Go Cougars !!!! 26-23 ! 
wishes he were cooler . 
Hates how being sick makes 8 hours of sleep feel like 2 . PS - The Cougars are tearing down the spectrum TONIGHT ! 
is looking to help his fiancee sell her apartment contract for winter semester . It's close to BYU but also available to UVU students . It has a flat screen HDTV , granite countertops , W/D , dishwasher , A/C , and a private room . Please contact me if you or someone you know might be interested . The contract is transferable for men as well ! 
Thinks it's interesting how facebook shows you how some people change , and others stay the same 
Has been vaccinated . What now swine flu ? 
Wants your opinion . Would you rather listen to Hip-Hop , or The Beach Boys ? 
Is still trying to help his fiancee sell her housing contract . If you are a girl , or know a girl who might be interested , please contact me ! 
Who could ask for a better break ? BYU blasts OSU in the Las Vegas Bowl , good times with old friends , Christmas with my family , and I'm getting married to a beautiful girl in less than a week ! 
is getting married tomorrow , then off to San < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Heading back to the homeland in a few hours ! 
thinks his wife is pretty much the most amazing person in the entire world , and he wants go home right now and spend time with her , because she is tired of being at home by herself . hahahaha 
has a wife who always knows how to crack him up ;) 
is selling his 2001 Black Toyota Corolla S . If you are interested , send me a message . 
< PROPMALE > is coming to Salt Lake on March 30th . Everyone get tickets and let's go ! 
< PROPMALE > has changed venues and is now coming to PROVO on March 30th ! Tickets are $10 at 24tix.com 
< PROPMALE > in 4 days ! 
is going camping in Moab in two weeks ! 
Can't wait to spend time with his wife in Moab after finals ! 
Is secretly laughing inside while his wife dances in the kitchen completely closed off from the world by her music :) 
is enjoying the momentary down time between spring and summer terms . Four restful days , then a heavy dose of Chem 105 everyday until August ! It'll be worth it , right ? 
has been married to his best friend for 6 months ! I hope they're all as fun as these . 
Is looking forward to seeing < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > today and leaving for California tomorrow ! 
had a great time at the softball game tonight . Good win team ! 
is rockin ' a brand new mountain bike ! Now it's time to get greener and stay healthier 
only a few more weeks until cooler temps , college football , and basically the best season of the year 
Oh Cougars , you just love to keep us guessing . First , you pick off a solid team led by an NFL draft bound Heisman candidate , then you get your minds blown by a little speed and the triple option . What next ? Hopefully a pleasant surprise in Tallahassee ? 
Just remembered that he can do a standing jump the length of a polar bear . Video proof coming soon . 
is counting it as a good thing that he has too many birthday wishes to comment on each individually . Thank you very much to everyone . 
Well done yesterday Cougars , well done 
is so crazy about his wife he can hardly stand it !!!! ( hahahahahahaha :) ) 
That's right , I was sorted into Gryffindor . < PROPMALE > and I are two peas in a pod . 
Time to excercise after stuffing my face all weekend in Fort Worth . Great weekend with < PROPFEMALE>'s family though , and a great weekend in MWC football ! 
3 trips to the testing center in 3 days . Yeah , I love college 
is looking forward to watching Jimmer and crew shut down the Aggies in the Marriott Center tonight . It's going to be a long , quiet bus ride back to < PROPFIRST > . 
Go Cougs ! Way to send those Aggies and their stupid chanting ( I mean literally chanting the word ' stupid ' over and over ) back to < PROPFIRST > with a LOSS ! 
Isn't it funny that when openly religious people manifest imperfections it's called hypocrisy , but when non-religious people manifest imperfections it's called being human ? 
Rivalry Week ! Post your favorite BYU vs Utah picture and support your team . Go Cougars ! 
is grateful for a patient wife who has nothing but love and understanding for him despite all of his shortcomings 
GO COUGARS ! BEAT THE UTES ! 
There's no such thing as \X-mas . \ " The Christmas holiday comes with plenty of fun non-religious traditions but the reason for the season has always been our Savior " 
Just donated blood . Filled the little bag in 5 minutes , oh yeah ! 
there are few things that are more insulting to my integrity than automatic toilet paper dispensers . Who's really going to go into the stall and just start rolling it out for fun ? 
t'was foretold ! 
happy 1st anniversary to my wife < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you even more than I did last year 
Jimmer does it again 
You know it's been way too cold outside when you walk out in 30 degree weather and think \this kinda feels nice \"" 
Just when you think your life isn't convenient enough , you buy yourself a wireless printer to avoid the tremendous task of connecting your computer with a cable to print . That being said , I love it . 
5 1/2 hours until SDSU falls in the Marriott Center 
We're having a baby girl in July ! 
