has just installed the ' My Kids ' application 

My comment to my friend who originally posted \perfection . \ " I'm bawling right now as I write this .... so many of those statements are me . The way I feel every day . It's sad but true . Please let others know you are not perfect . We need to end this epidemic . " 
This myPersonality test is very accurate . It said my top three college majors should be 1 . music edu , 2 . interior design , 3 . psychology . I have my bachelors in music edu , and I have debated getting my doctorate in psychology . The only problem with getting the doctorate is the time issue . Being a single mother , I'm not sure I'd want my daughter in daycare as long as she'd need to be for me to complete my doctorate . 
I've carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I \ 
have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked on , peed on , woke \ 
up in the middle of the night to a feverish child and more . My body \ 
isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a Mom , and \ 
... there is no greater honor or blessing . Make th ... is your status if you are proud be a MOM ?? 
Murphy's law applies to every household . As soon as you vacuum , something gets spilled on the carpet . As soon as you clean the cat litter , the cat uses it . As soon as you wipe the counters , something makes it messy . The list can go on infinitely . 
Loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . Loved you the minute you were born . \ 
Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute\ 
old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . \ 
When you choose to have children you make a conscious decision to allow\ 
your heart to walk around outside your body . Put ... ...... this on your status , if you have children you love more than life 
Today brings back memories for me . It is warm and really wind . It reminds me of the years I lived in California . The winds feel like the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Winds . All we are missing is sunshine , and we could really use that . 
What's on your mind ? Be grateful ; Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer , please post this on your wall ? 
Part 1 : When life throws lemons at you make lemonade , or throw the lemons back . Avalon and I were going to go as < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > of Hearts for Halloween , but I recently had surgery on my hand and I won't be able to finish my < PROPFEMALE > costume in time for trick-or-treat . So , now my plan is that I too will go as a < PROPFEMALE > . I have a dress I made when I was in college and it will work just fine for Halloween . 
Part 2 : It is more fitting as the red < PROPFEMALE > , not as much as the < PROPFEMALE > of hearts . There is a difference between the two < PROPFEMALE > s . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s film combined both < PROPFEMALE > s into one . Many people don't realize or probably care that they are not the same person . I hope everyone has fun doing what ever you do for Halloween . By the way , my post was too long so I divided it . 
Avalon had so much fun trick-or treating for the first time . She was only afraid at the first two houses . After that she lead the way . She was even saying trick-or-treat to other children passing by us . She was so cute , she was saying trick-or-treat , opening her bag , and then telling people thank you . 
Happy Halloween and Blessed Samhain !!!! 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERY ONES WALL " 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . Raise the Awareness ! 
My body says it needs sleep . Yet , there is a little voice whispering to ignore sleep and enjoy the peace and quiet of the sleeping two year old . 
My last thought for tonight is : what the heck is punxsutawney < PROPMALE > going to think tomorrow when he gets pulled from his hole to determine when spring will be here ? If punxsutawney < PROPMALE > could talk what do you think he'd say ? 
Today is so dreary . I keep looking at the clock thinking it is getting late . Sunless days really throw off the ability to have an idea of what time it is without looking at a clock . It really makes the day drag out . Forget about rain dances , does anyone know a sun dance ? 
I saw on the news that the courts have decided to allow the protests at military funerals to continue . The fact that this is happening at funerals of men and women who put there lives on the line for our freedom disgusts me . I am a strong believer in freedom of speech , but interfering with other peoples rights or pushing your beliefs on others is completely disrespectful . 
There are other ways to express your opinions without infringing on other peoples lives . What has happened to humanity ? If things don't turn around , we as humans are going to destroy ourselves and the world around us . I fear for our future generations . Those of us who are tolerant and open-minded need to speak up and try to change this terrible fate in which we are headed . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had or has cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends .? 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
Prayer chain needed ... Prayers need to go out for a FB friend Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows her ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl .. The power of prayer 
I just managed to put a corset with back eyelet hooks on by myself . What can I say , I am just awesome like that :) 
Belly dancing has got to be one of the sexist and most enjoyable exercises . It really brings out your inner Goddess . 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs The One you just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU'RE AGAINST BULLYING 
Sexual tip of the day : You can be < PROPMALE > like a horse , but still only trot like a pony . 
