homework homework homework . 

Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your status , so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting ( and maybe scary ! ) keep it up ! And have some fun . 
mud run tonight . =] 
class is going good . finished my paper . :) 
take you for a ride on my big green tractor 
forgiveness ... such a simple word but its so hard to do when you've been hurt . 
Like strawberry wine and seventeen . The hot july < PROPFEMALE > saw everything . My first taste of love oh bittersweet . Green on the vine . Like strawberry wine . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > at the drive-in movie . Parked in the very last row . They're too busy holding on to one another , to even care about the show . But later on outside the Tastee Freeze , < PROPFIRST > slips something on her hand . He says , \my high school ring will have to do Till I can buy a wedding band \"." 
And we danced . Out there on that empty hardwood floor . The chairs up and the lights turned way down low . The music played , we held each other close . And we danced . 
Cowgirls don't cry . Ride , baby , ride . Lessons of life are going to show you in time , soon enough your gonna know why . It's gonna hurt every now and then , if you fall get back on again . Cowgirls don't cry . 
I want a man that stands beside me . Not in front of or behind me . Give me two arms that want to hold me , not own me . And I'll give all the love in my heart . Stand beside me . Be true , don't tell lies to me . I'm not lookin ' for a fantasy . I want a man that who stands beside me . 
Well we got a hundred gallons of sweet red wine . Made from the biggest watermelons on the vine . Help yourself to some but obey the law . If you drink don't drive do the watermelon crawl . 
i have a date tonight !! :) called homework . lol . 
Since the day they got married . He'd been praying for a little baby boy . But when the nurse came in with a little pink blanket . All those big dreams changed . And now , he's wrapped around her finger . She's the center of his whole world . And his heart belongs to that sweet , little , beautiful , wonderful , perfect . All-American girl . 
had a psychology test this morning . it went okay . now i would be working on a tribute speech for public speaking . so boring .. :( 
The smile on your face lets me know that you need me . Theres a truth in your eyes sayin you'll never leave me . The touch of your hand says you'll catch me if ever I fall . You say it best when you say nothing at all . <3 
sittin here eatin cookie dough with mommy .. i'm all packed for my trip this weekend . :) 
colorado here i come ! :) 
back home from colorado . had a blast ! it was so beautiful there . i'm ready to go back . 
<3 <3 <3 
hi , my name is murphy ... 
cranky cranky cranky . get to school and my first three classes are cancelled .. so stuck here until history starts at 12 . when i could be at home doing laundry .. FML !!! 
currently eating butterscotch pudding . :) <3 <3 <3 
one persuasive english paper done . :) a history paper and public speaking speech left to write . :( 
trying to figure things out . . . . 
it's gonna be a long week .. 
why do people say things that they dont mean .... isnt it easier just to tell the truth instead of lying .... 
You keep telling me , baby there will come a time . When you will leave her arms and forever be in mine . But I don't think that's the truth . And I don't like being used and I'm tired of waiting . It's too much pain to have to bear to love a man you have to share .. </3 
baby i’ve got plans tonight you don’t know nothin’ about . i’ve been sitting around way too long trying to figure you out but you say that you’ll call and you don’t and i’m spinning my wheels . so i’m going out tonight . in my red high heels . 
happy thanksgiving ! :) 
dont know what to think about that boy . . . . 
good night . 
i'm not upset that you lied to me , i'm upset that from now on i cant trust you . 
i'm gonna pack my bags , and never look back . run a parallel line with the railroad tracks , and make my get away . . . 
Climb up in my lap and drive if you want to girl you know you got me to hold on to we can go to town but baby if youd rather i'll take you for a ride on my big green tractor said we can fire it up and i can show you around sit up on the hill and watch the sun go down when the fireflies are dancing and the < PROPFEMALE > comes out we can turn on the lights and head back to the house --- it use to be like this . 
i wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with my snickerdoodle cookie . ;-) 
fml . why does he do this to me . does he not realize he's breaking my heart . after everything we have been through and then his happens .. we take two steps forward to take three steps backwards . is it even worth working out ... or should i just say good bye and walk away ... </3 
when one restless summer we found love growing wild on the banks of the river on a well beaten path funny how those memories they last like strawberry wine and seventeen the hot july < PROPFEMALE > saw everything my first taste of love oh bittersweet green on the vine like strawberry wine ... 
are you talking smack on my blueberry ?! 
.. hot pink .. :) 
spent three hours working on homework ... i work a double tomorrow and saturday .. and now i have a date with my pillow . goodnight everyone . :) 
? in memeory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met or held in our arms . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby , brake the silence ! ? in memory of all angel babies gone 2 soon but never forgotten ? 
my fine is $515 . :) 
i still remember that moment i looked in your eyes for the last time and that one little memory still has the right amount of love to make me cry ... 
a soldiers prayer .. & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
i've learned to take chances , alot of them . because honestly no matter where you end up or who you end up with , it always ends up just the way it should be . my mistakes have made me who i am today . and i still learn and grow with each choice i make . ? 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
this needs to be said today ... a veteran is someone who , at one point in his life , wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE>' for an amount of ' up to and including my life . ' that is honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer understand it . 
its not up to me anymore . if you want me in your life , you will find a way to put me there . 
had a great time bowling tonight . :) 
after four years i finally found out who sent me that < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
it's probably the wrong time to tell you . but maybe it's the perfect time . i realize how confusing things are between us right now . i can't even begin to explain our relationship . you probably can't either . but i just want you to know that if you ever need me , i'll always be here for you all you have to do is ask . ? 
let go of the things that can no longer be fixed . if you force to try to put them back , things will only get worse . holding on is being brave , but sometimes moving on makes you even tougher .. & hearts ; 
there's always a little truth behind just kidding . a little knowledge behind i don't know . a little emotion behind every i don't care . and a little pain behind every it's okay . ??? 
making blueberry muffins with my babe . :) 
makeup and pretty smiles . they cover up so much these days .. 
as I lay here crying all I can do is pray that God can take away all the pain , hurt , and betrayal . 
My babe cooked dinner then we made chocolate chip cookies . Yummy . :) 
bww with my < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I just wanted to say thank you for coming into my life . No one comes into your life by accident , there is a reason for everything that happens . You might not realize it at the time , but looking back at the past you'll find out you couldn't have made it to where you are at now without them . ( I really want to extend this to e.d.s ) 
<3 faith . hope . love . <3 
loves pineapple orange juice . :) 
I put your picture away . Sat down and cried today ... 
is thankful . :) 
painting . :) 
wants to go throw golf balls at random people and shout four . :) 
Ima pack my bag and never look back . Run a parallel line with the railroad tracks and make my getaway . At the break of day I'll be a runaway . 
Chipotle with momma . :) 
wants to go for a drive and get everything off my mind .. 
Please don't make me smile . I just wanna be mad for awhile . 
vanilla dr pepper . :) 
i am still searching ... 
if you love someone , give them the option to leave , but never give them a reason to .. 
thinks she has found the most amazing fish in the sea . :) 
wishes my mind had a delete button .. 
only when you look back at your past will you realize how far you've come . 
love me when I least deserve it ... because that's when I need it the most . <3 
don't ask questions you don't want to know the answers to .. 
love isn't about finding a perfect person ... its seeing an imperfect person perfectly .. 
aww my babe washed my car for me . :) 
he had me from hello . <3 
dinner and movies with my boo . <3 
happy mothers day ! i love you mommy ! :) 
I love how I can be a total dork around you and yet you still make me feel absolutely amazing .. 
getting my wisdom teeth cut out in two and a half hours . :( 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing to speak softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE & INSULT her , there's a man who wants to tell her how wonderful she is . While you HIT her , there's a man wishing to make love to her . While you bring her to TEARS , there's a man who wants to make her smile . Stop the violence : Post this on your wall for one day if you're against DOMESTIC VIOLENCE 
54th Street with my babe . :) 
Lets flip a coin ... heads we're together forever ... tails we flip again . :) 
hates having hiccups . 
When everything seems to be going your way , something always happens and it's back to square one . 
sometimes you'll never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory .. 
today he told her that he loved her put a ring around her finger and promised her forever together . 
advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't .. 
off to Idaho with my babe . :) 
create your story , by choosing the ones that are worth it and the ones who are not . loving the ones who help you . and then fall in love . only then will your life be complete . <3 
someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it didn't work out with anyone else .. i'm glad i met that someone . :) 
love the person who saw you when you were invisible . 
is in a box . :) 
stressed . :( 
between laughing for no reason , stupid arguments , long talks , and making fun of each other . . . i fell in love with you . :) 
one week . :) 
sometimes smiling is easier than explaining why your sad .. 
not all scars show , not all wounds heal ... sometimes you cant see the pain someone feels . 
this is just a dream .. 
anyone wanna come over and make me pancakes ? 
guess what < PROPFEMALE > . . . i just realized something . . . we are going to colorado A-L-O-N-E . 
went to the top of pikes peak today with an elevation of 14,110 ft . it was absolutely beautiful but a little chilly . 
i miss my < PROPFEMALE > boo . 
has had a pretty amazing day so far . breakfast in bed , swimming , went to garden of the gods , shopping at manitou springs , now time to swim again . :) 
last night in colorado . had a wonderful week . don't wanna leave here but i am ready to be back home . 
apparently i have a valve stem . 
girls that cant live without a man and girls that go back to a guy who hits them are pathetic or just plain stupid . grow the fuck up and get some self respect . 
sick of trying .. tired of crying .. i know im smiling but inside im dying . 
had a wonderful night . <3 
wants to feel better . :( 
bike night . :) 
wants things to be alright . 
silence is a girls loudest cry . 
wants all the tears to go away . 
we may fuss and we may fight but if we believe we will be alright . times may be hard and days may seem long but believe we will make it we just gotta be strong . 
its not a good day . :( 
making chocolate chip cookies . :) 
another night of crying herself to sleep . 
sometimes its not what you say that hurts the most , its what you don't say . 
not sure what to think about all this . :( 
lunch with an old friend . 
? If you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status ....? 
wants a kitten . 
is NEVER painting again . 
its getting so hard to pretend like everything is okay , but how do you act like everythings fine when really nothings right and everythings wrong .. 
hates going to bed mad . 
wants to do something fun tonight .. 
i have a stalker . 
things have to change .. 
had fun at < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s with my babe , < PROPMALE > and taleah . :) 
faith makes life possible ... hope makes life workable ... love makes life beautiful . 
good morning fb . :) 
you know your awake to early when < PROPFIRST > dare isn't even on yet .. 
got the job ! :) 
walk by faith <3 
is lucky to have someone who loves her ' just the way she is ' :) 
i hate feeling this way ... i hate feeling annoyed at everyone for no reason ... please just let it stop . 
4 Chiefs v Packers tickets w/ parking pass club level 40 yd line $625 
misses him .. 
what attracts a man physically , isn't what draws him emotionally . 
believes that faith is exactly what it takes to get through uncertainty . 
ready for september seventh .. 
wants to go on a road trip .. 
a house is built with boards and beams ... a home is built with love and dreams .. <3 
inhale ... exhale ... repeat . 
something isn't right .... 
still keeps hoping that someday things will change .. 
the fake smile is in place . the tears are well hidden . my voice reveals nothing . but my eyes give everything away .. 
going home where i feel like i belong . 
dear guy in the jeep , i would love to drag you outta your cherokee , rip off your arms and beat you with them . love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates 435 traffic . 
my weekend starts now . :) 
till the day my life is through this I promise you ? 
faith is the substance of all things hoped for ... never lose faith and you never lose hope . 
murphys law :( 
hello weekend . :) 
don't flatter yourself ... you're easy and he's desperate .. 
i need someone to stay by me when times get rough .. to hold me and kiss me when ive had enough .. 
she's in love with the boy .. what's meant to be will always find a way .. she's gonna marry that boy someday . 
good morning facebook . 
sleep deprived . :( 
WANTED : high paying job involving little or no effort . any prospective employer should approach me after lunchtime and before happy hour . 
when I'm at work , every patient makes me smile ... some when they walk in , and some when they leave :) 
wishes she felt better . :( 
today i let go of the struggle and allow the healing process of change to begin .. 
don't know where this story is going , time to start a new chapter . thank you friends for the supportive characters , and villains , you served your purpose . 
loves my flowers . they are so pretty . thanks baby . :) 
enjoyed my day off . and got a lot accomplished . 
you know you work in the medical field when you wash your hands first before going to the bathroom . 
is drained ! i wonder if i eat duracell batteries will i keep going and going like that crazy little pink rabbit ... 
just went the wrong way in a one way . eeek ! 
congrats < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on baby < PROPMALE > !! :) 
spending the day with him . <3 
carving pumpkins with my man . :) 
in this economy you have to love that you have a job rather than love your job ... 
applebees with my three favorite people . :) 
why am I still here ? damn < PROPFEMALE > slippers must be broken again ! 
laughter is not the best medicine , there are three ... morphine , ativan and haldol . 
when you're to old to trick or treat it's time to have kids :) 
i am so tired emotionally physically mentally and spiritually i'm tired of trying to be strong when all I want to do is cry 
thinks that the only reason everyone holds onto memories so tight is because memories are the only thing that doesn't change when everything else does 
just took my final . now waiting for my grade . ah . stressful . keeping my fingers crossed . 
i passed !! :) 
tired is an understatement ... half dead is a better way of putting it . 
3 Years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 25 years old : Mom , you were right . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me . Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom . <3 
stupid mcdonalds . pretty sure i ordered dr pepper ... not coke . 
having a place to go is home .. having someone to love is family .. and having both is a blessing . 
out to lunch with < PROPFIRST > and there is clowns and a midget at applebees . pretty sure im never coming here again . lol . 
so after helping < PROPFIRST > process some of that deer i have officially decided im never going to become a meat processer/packager person . lol . 
mornings like this is when i miss my remote start . 
a glass of wine and a good book . :) 
happy thanksgiving ! 
so much to think about .. 
five flannel shirts four big mud tires three shotgun shells two hunting dogs ... and some parts to a mustang gt . :) 
my knight in shining armor wears camouflage and carries a shotgun . :) 
is cold and doesn't feel good .. :( 
pain is inevitable . 
finished my christmas shopping . :) 
has the best boyfriend in the whole wide world . <3 
if having what you want involves taking it away from someone else is it worth the hurt you will bring to the person it belongs to ? don't be that selfish ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
:( 
bad dreams . :( 
just because it's not what you were expecting , doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for .. 
Put this dog on\ 
. //* * \\\\ your profile\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ that you are\ 
(/_) ^ (_\\) against animal cruelty . 
177 <3 
wants fried pickles . 
fuck winter ! 
Woke up late today and I still feel the sting of the pain\ 
But I brushed my teeth anyway\ 
I got dressed through the mess and put a smile on my face\ 
I got a little bit stronger\ 
I know my heart will never be the same\ 
But I'm telling myself I'll be okay\ 
Even on my weakest days\ 
I get a little bit stronger . 
Dear Sleep , \ 
You stood me up last night . \ 
What did I ever do to you ? \ 
Please make it to our date tonight . \ 
I would love to get to know you better . \ 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > . 
pizza lunchable . yum . 
Does anyone remember where we had project grad at ? 
damn ! freaking sexy dodge . gotta love them diesel's . :) 
I rather be lucky than good any day . 
hiding under my rock . 
-- flowers and breakfast in bed . amazing way to start my saturday ! :) 
-- is thankful that there are nice guys around who will stop and help when your having car problems . 
-- would lose my head if it weren't attatched . 
frozen . 
crab legs . <3 
To celebrate valentines day post a picture of you and your significant other as your profile pic . Repost and tell how long you've been together . 2.28.2010 <3 
154 <3 
don't you hate it when you're texting and laying on your back and your phone decides to be a ninja , slips through your fingers and attacks your face ! 
my cheerful disposition is brought to you today by a strong cup of coffee :) 
-- a little bit of faith goes a long way ! best revenge is living better than anyone ever expected & LOVING IT while they sit and wonder how you made it all possible ! 
-- have you ever had one of those moments where you just wanted to tell something so bad , but couldn't ? i am having that moment right now ! 
-- the nights where you sit there with the one who means the world to you for hours on end , those are the nights that you would never forget and never change . <3 
-- my fuse is short today , so if you decide to light it , you better run like hell . 
-- the world doesn't revolve around you ! so pull your head out of your butt and take a look at the real world . things don't just get handed to you ! get over it !! 
-- If the American Flag offends you , I'll be happy to help you pack ! 
-- At what point do people grow up , stop whining and realize they are capable of doing things without always having someone hold their hand ? 
-- If I could turn back time , I would travel back to when we first met because that was the moment that my life changed and I fell in love along the way . <3 
-- If he deleted you and didn't accept you before , what makes you think he is going to accept your crazy ass this time ?? Jealousy is a horrible illness , get well soon bitch !! :) 
-- doesn't feel good . :( 
-- It cracks me up when people think the world is so unfair and cruel , when they are only dealing with the consequences of THEIR actions . 
-- Thinks jealousy is the result of ones lack of self-confidence , self-worth , and self-acceptance . If you can't accept yourself , then certainly no one else will . 
Some people are so full of shit , I can't help but laugh at them :) haha how sad . 
I am seriously about to pull out my hair ............ strand , by strand !!! I just wish this day was OVER ! 
-- honestly couldn't be happier ! :) 
-- the sun is shinning and looking to be a beautiful day ! :) 
-- is hoping for the best , trying not to think about the worst . :/ 
-- is craving a huge hamburger ! 
-- a grape fit . 
-- is in need of a little change ... about to make it happen . 
-- it is such a beautiful day , and a very productive one at that . :)) 
-- Thinks that women who go after men that are already taken are either PATHETIC with no self-esteem or just plain UGLY ! 
-- R . I . P belly ring .. 
Hey ladies ! I am hosting a Pure Romance party Saturday , March 26th at 6pm . If you are interested in coming call/text me or inbox me and I'll give you details !! :) 
I went to my very first Pure Romance party last night and it was amazing ! Our consultant was fantastic and had almost everything on hand , so we didn't have to wait for anything to ship ! \ 
Pure Romance carries a sophisticated line of educational books , sensual lotions and massage products , games to increase communication , exciting bedroom accessories , and much more ! 
-- I am in a great mood today :) for no particular reason .. it's been a while . 
-- I can learn to exept things that I cannot change , but I refuse to exept the things that I can . ? 
-- You must be smoking LARGE amounts of crack to think I would except your friend request . Lol . What a silly girl . 
-- My opinions may have changed , but not the fact that I'm right . 
-- Lately I speak my mind . Deal with it . I do not always say what you want to hear . Get over it . I am brutally honest . If you cant handle it , suck it up cupcake . 
-- Finds it depressing when your favorite pair of jeans are no longer wearable . :( 
143 <3 
I'm so glad I don't have a relationship full of drama :) But I must say reading everyone else’s is very entertaining ... kinda embarrassing , but still entertaining . :) 
-- amazing !! <3 <3 
-- You know what sounds good right now ? A brownie . And a cupcake . Maybe some cookies too .. 
-- is pregnant !!! :) 
-- awwh my baby girl is just a little kickin machine today ! :) ??? 
-- I am officially at the half way point through my pregnancy ! What an amazing feeling ! Every day from now on is one step closer to welcoming our sweet < PROPFEMALE > into the world . 
-- totally needs a vacation from everything . 
-- apparently not all pregnant women get the second trimester burst of energy . 
