FINALS WEEK !... then .... SUMMER BREAK !!!!! 

doesn't want to write his speech . 
has his hands in many sinister soups ! 
is almost done writing his speech . 
will DEVOUR YOU ! 
hates finals week . 
is totally getting a 4.0 . 
got 99% on his math final . 
aboogaboo . 
principia discordia . 
KRAUTROCK 
is coming full circle . 
no more tests , please !?! 
is loving spring . 
is going to go photosythesize . 
finally done with the 12 < PROPFEMALE > lab report . whew . 
will pay you to do his homework . 
hates tests . pass the booze . 
beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer . 
needs to find a new living situation . bah ! 
is diggin the spring weather !! 
... none of them knew they were ROBOTS ! >:-O 
hates history .... only 2 hours left . 
Trig Test 1 - 97.5% wooooooh !! 
nothing better than analytic trigonometric functions at 6 am !!!! 
raise a paw ! 
Amazingness is Lagunitas Undercover Investigation Shut-Down Ale - 9.9% ALC . 
HATES sum and difference formulas . 
tan(a+b) =[( sin a/cos a)+(sin b/cos b)]/[1-(sin a/cos a)*(sin b/cos b )] . got it ? 
tome las cervezas !!!! 
test day ! 
bah ! 
finally ! some time to kick back , relax , throw back a few beers , and be an aimless vigalante on my new GTA game . 
is sick . meh . 
may be moving soon . FINALLY !!! 
just took the dogs out to the river . it's so hard to want to do anything school related when it is this nice out . 
finally !!! the test is over . 
is goin to the brewfest tonight . 
tried about 20 different beers at Sasquatch !! Don't remember which one I liked the best ... 
needs to get his head back in the game . 
can't wait for this term to be over . 
is bored with triangles . 
is jealous of everyone getting out of school before him . DAMN YOU CALIFORNIA ! 
can't wait for brewfest and the rest of his anniversary weekend . 
Brewfest night 1 was awesome , can't wait for night 2 ! Got a honeymoon yurt for free for two nights , kickin it on the beach hippie style ! 
had an awesome time yurting in Newport . Went to the Oregon Coast Aquarium and 2 nights of dog/brew fest . 
See my lonely life unfold , \ 
I see it every day . \ 
See my only mind explode , when I've gone INSANE ! bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! aaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! 
Can you hear the war cry ? \ 
It's time to enlist . \ 
The people they speak as one \ 
- the cattle , the crowd . \ 
Those too afraid to live\ 
depend on the sacrifice of your life . 
BAH ! 
hates facebook for distorting his photos . It's 2010 , shouldn't they be up to date with 12 MP cameras ? 
Preregistered for summer AND fall term . Taking < PROPMALE > Ecology with 3 field trips , History of Rock , and Chemistry III for summer and Engineering , Calculus , and Physics in the fall . Can't wait . 
got a job . Finnnaaaallllllyyy ! 
One more week till VACATION ! So cal , here I come . But in the meantime , studystudystudystudystudystudy . 
got to see the duplex this morning . Tis AMAZAZING , moving in on Monday . :D NO MORE ROOMMATES ! 
the next few days are going to be brutal . Moving , finals , and work-monday & tuesday , 13 hour road trip wednesday . But it will be worth it when I'm maxin and relaxin in the warm California sun ! 
got into chem 3 finally . Now to just take the chem 2 final ( just need a B- to get an A in the class ) and get as many boxes possible over to the new place before work @ 4pm . GOOD TIMES ! 
digs the new house . Finally got a peaceful nights sleep . Two finals down one to go , then off to Cali !!!! 
trig sucks . Taking the final today just need a 75% to keep my grade . Then ........ 13 hour drive !!!!!!!! yaaaaaa !!! 
EXCELSIOR ! 
is finally home . 16 hours is way too long to spend in a car . Now to bring all of our furniture in from the garage ... 
got a fire roarin , drinkin some java , listenin to some good music , and gettin ready to do some more unpacking until work at 4 . Wooh ! 
is working 11 days straight . :( 
starts summer term today . I couldn't be more ambivalent . 
History of rock music seems pretty interesting . No reading , just listening ... I can't believe I'm getting credits for this . Taking it in the band practice room makes me wanna play sax again . 
the 11 day reign of terror has finally come to an end ! 
supposed to get up to 97 degrees today ... daaaannngg . 
hates how it takes the school half a century to do anything . 
Link Wray : I love you . 
just mowed the lawn and can't stop sweating . I would kill for some AC right about now . Maybe I'll just go sit in my car and use the AC in there ... 
nothin like an ice cold IPA on a hot summer day . 
my weekend is over ... back to work . 
starts < PROPMALE > ecology today . The 6 pm to 9 pm hours suck but we take our first field trip to local old growths this weekend . 
can't sleep . 
hates closed minded people . Welcome to the 21st century you hermits ! 
Ecology field trip #1 : Low Elevation Old Growth Forests - Fall Creek , OR 
can't wait for my camping trip down in the redwoods . 
had an amazing weekend at Crater Lake . 
can't wait for this week to be over . 
can't wait to be a lab rat . 
had an awesome time camping in the Cascades . Got to bathe in the hot springs and stand under three waterfalls . 
rainy day . 
is bored . 
Wwaaaaahh ? Another oil rig explosion in the gulf , are you kidding me ? 
Machete was probably the best movie I've seen all year . 
has the weirdest sleeping patterns lately . 2 hours one night , 10 the next , 2 the next , 10 the next , and here I am not tired at all at 1 AM ... 
WITH TEETH ! 
has an insatiable appetite FOR BLOOD ! 
has the worst insomnia . Even taking a sleeping pill didn't help . :/ 
off to Humboldt for the next couple weeks for a funeral & to make some $$$ . RIP Auntie < PROPFEMALE > , your cheerful spirit will be missed . 
FINALLY some good news . Got a 3.8 GPA for Summer term . Would've been a 4.0 if it weren't for that stupid PE class . Oh well , peace out girl scouts . 
dramarama . 
dramarama da lama glama . 
JUST HAD TO SPEND $570 ON BOOKS FOR FALL TERM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Physics w/ Calculus , Calculus , and Engineering ( w/ calculus ) is going to kick my ass this term . 
Logarithms , why do you always come back to haunt me ???? WWWWHHHHYYYY ????? 
HOMEWORK DAY ! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY ! :D .... not . 
Oregon better win against < PROPMALE > tonight . This town doesn't need any more excuses for a riot . 
my head hurts . 
got an A+ on the Engineering presentation I started last night and finished this morning . Damn I'm awesome . 
Awesome , my schedule for next term will be identical to this term's , except I get an extra hour of sleep Tuesday/Thursday . It's nice being done with my GEs . 
daaaaaaaang . fresh toasted pumpkin seeds are amazing . 
listenin to some < PROPMALE > T & the MGs , bustin out some physics , and drinking coffee like it's water . Must be HOMEWORK DAY ! 
algebraically find the derivative of the function g(z) = z^2 + z at z = -1 . lim h --> 0 ( g(a+h)-g(a))/h . Draw the tangent line , g'(-1 ) . 
has no < PROPFEMALE > to do physics homework . :-/ 
I'm doing so much math that it haunts me in my dreams . > : -0 
wants a day without homework . 
Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 
FINALLY finished the Physics problem I started this morning and haven't stopped thinking about since . Good thing the due date got extended . 
calculus midterm was cake . It's the physics midterm on monday I've gotta worry about ... 
brown shugga ' , how come you taste so good ? 
My plan for the weekend :\ 
coffee study study study study eat study study study study eat study study beer beer beer beer sleep coffee eat study study study study eat study study study study eat study study beer beer beer beer sleep . Then test first thing Monday morning . 
Happy Halloween . Too bad I've got work to do all day . What kind of cruel professor gives a midterm the day after Halloween ? Oh yeah , my physics professor . D-:< 
had nightmares about today's physics midterm . 
??? 
-?_?- 
??? \ 
_ 
packabowl . 
wackamole . 
guacamole . 
finally finished with the 6 < PROPFEMALE > research paper . Now to drive to school like a madman . 
Done with calculus homework , no more homework due for the next two weeks !!! Then Thanksgiving break !!!!! Then finals !!!! Then Christmas break !!!! Yeeeee . 
it WAS < PROPFEMALE > when I woke up . wha happen ? 
brrrrr it's 40 degrees 
Schweeet . Got 99% on my calculus test . 
The snow's getting closer . Down to 1200 ft . Time to go boarding , just have 4 more days till Bachelor opens ! 
bored . so bored . 
Bowling's always fun . 
SNOW DAY !!! If the schools closed , my midterm gets pushed back !! wooh ! 
SSSSNNNNOOOOOWWWW DDDDDAAAAAAYYYYYYY !!!!! NO SCHOOL !!! WHICH MEANS NO EXAM !! 
Well no shave november has come to an end . I've become too attached to the beard , gonna keep it going for a don't shave december . It's nice having a face warmer in the cold weather . It's also nice not having to pull out my ID every time I buy beer ... 
I'm pissed ! Because of a $5 balance , all of my classes for next term got dropped . I have to wait another year to be able to take my engineering class . GRRRR ! 
It's really funny watching dogs sleep . You can tell they're dreaming about frolicking around chasing squirrels when their feet start twitching and they bark with their mouth's closed . 
Calculus final today . Just need 80% to keep my A in the class . 
finals are done , winter break is upon us !!!! 
Holy crap it's nice to have my computer back . 
