Happy new year out the old in with the new !!!! 

Team < PROPFEMALE > ROCKS !!! 
such a cold < PROPFEMALE > snowy day ... home from work making some meat balls adnd ravolis ... yum 
what a long weekend .... christian crusade ... harvest 2009 at jones beach was a good time ! Sneaker cake is done ! check it out ! 
my one day off .... too much to do and don't want to do any of it 
is home ..... still have to fold laundry . at least the car is done .... aside from needing adjustments 
so i didn't go to bed till 1130 ... thanks to a certain someone .... you know who you are , but at least laundry is folded . 
is home ... the car saga is over ..... thank god ... now have to wash dishes . 
yea the dishes are done .... I really must try to get to bed . 
more rain ... what the hell ? i'm so tired of rain ! 
is wondering what the loud bang was outside her door 
thank god the weekend is over .... happy fathers day to all the dads ! 
needs rest .... must have rest ! 
home sweet home ... never enough time in a day .... and heading into a busy busy weekend !!! Look for pictures of the tombstone cake and Flag made up of cupcakes 
home yet again .... the orders at work keep coming in .... i hope these storms stop so I can sleep ! 
OFF TO BAKE PATRIOTIC DESSERTS ! 
wow it's been days since i've been on ... hello facebook . 
is so gosh darn aggravated !!!!!! can't wait till this weekend .... Hello < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
is packing !! 
is home ..... a couple of days now still need to unpack . good bye maryland ... glad to be home ny ! 
it's so damn hot 
thank god for the a/c ... I'm so happy 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
so .... being caught between family and love is a horrible place to be . 
so so sore after almost dying at splish splash ... my poor head 
life sucks .... simple 
going into the weekend ... more work 
off to < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE>'s funeral ... :( 
tomorrow day 6 of the 12 days working straight .... bingo tomorrow at the library ! 
home .... never made it to bingo ... but did make it to aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s and thats much more important . tomorrow is day 7 ... 277 of the 600 wedding favor cookies scooped ! 
how is it that its 12:43 am ? b/c i just got back from nj with mother with her brand new car .... going into day 8 ... 592 cookies scooped now to just bake , fill , bag , seal , ribbon and sticker ..... do i feel a cold coming on ? 
pure exhaustion ... 532 of 592 cookies baked .... tomorrow is day 9 ... cold please bother me another day . 
all cookies are done !!!!!! Bagged with twisties and ribbons . Thank God ... now to beat this cold 
feels like crap and then some ! 
please tell me does anyone have the right to say if someone else has the right to date another person ? 
so so tired . 
i truly don't understand people ... or the world 
just looked in my fridge .... empty :( I'm hungry 
well it's mutually official we're on a break .... 
is so confused and disheartened ... where is life's instuction booklet ? 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
When do you stop becoming the child and is equal as a human being ? 
I'm excited .... tomorrow is burn the floor ion broadway !!!!!!! 
BURN THE FLOOR !!!!!!!!! Hello < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > is Hot !!!! 
i just don't know anymore .... 
tug of war is the name of the game ... which side will win ? I'm just the rope .... 
spent how many days on the boat .... well worth the rush ! 
off to court and then work ... wish me luck ! 
is home very very sun kissed 
who's want to work ? not I !!! 
u know what people really piss me off ! 
is up with only a couple hours of sleep after trying to party like a rock < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If you only knew the rock < PROPFEMALE > and how she doesn't party . 
is such a sap ! 
hmmmm didn't think it was such a crime to want to be in her own apt ... 
work yet again ? when is there a day off ? 
where to start ? so much to do .... 
at < PROPFIRST>'s apt ... awaiting drinks .... 
do I have to answer to people b/c of my facebook status ? 
another day .... 
is running so so late ..... Ahhhh 
is so tired of people 
so late already ... always so much to do ... where to start ? message me anyone ... LOL 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . Congress should overhaul the US health care system . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
cleaning ... 
is excited and overwhelmed with getting the tattoo/coffee house account .... Go me 
has a gray hair ... :( not even thirty yet . damn Life ! 
wheres the goose ... I've got to be feeling loose .... maybe I should ask upstairs ... 
where is the pot of gold ... it would come in handy about now .... 
is packing .... 
is so tired ... must finish packing ..... 
really should go watch what happened with kanye and talor ... thank god for dvr 
is up ... thankgod I leave tomorrow ! 
Read this so thought I should let you know : The FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Co ... py and paste this as your status so word gets ... around quickly ... 
< PROPFIRST > swayze died ????... :( 
kanye how could u be so heartless ? 
Tuesday I leave for Florida till next week .... I'll talk to ya when I get back ! 
is back from florida .... trying to get back on track .... but am a little derailed ... haha 
really need to go to bed .... work tomorrow ... then < PROPFEMALE>'s bachlorette party yay ! ... then straight to work ... ugh can i make it ? 
getting ready for the party ! 
getting ready for the BIG E ... off to massachusetts 
back from the big E ... so so full ... LOL 
just doesn't know anything anymore 
just want to cry and cry .... PMS or LIFE ? 
i's raining ... i'm tired ... not a combo to want to go to work 
work ... dad's birthday .. nothing too great 
ahhh work so early .... so tired 
absolutley loves GLEE !!!!!! 
just can't get thru to people 
so much to do ... where to start ? 
well i got alot accomplished but just not enough .... the bed is still covered with clothes 
off to bed ... how pathetic .... work at 5 ... anyone have a job for me ? I need a new one 
Way to early in the morning ... at least tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! 
Who's excited for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ? ... I am ... first work ... where I ge tthe joy of recreating someone's top tier of their wedding cake for the 1st Anniversary !!! 
Finally off .... 
loves playing monopoly at McD's ... 
you need a check up from the neck up ... LOL ..... I love DWTS 
so tired of being tired .... 
entering McD's monopoly codes online .... DORK 
3 more days till Vegas !!!!!!! 
is having a nervous breakdown .... 
how many people are going to post about the yankees ? who the hell cares ? I dont ... but thats just me .... 
Hip Hooray Tomorrow is the day I leave for vegas !!! Talk to you when I get back ! Next tuesday . 
Back from Vegas ... Helloo everyone ! 
Now theres a glee soundtrack ... YES 
damn world series ... no Glee tonight ! I hate sports !!! 
yea yea congrats yankees ... now lets get on with the day 
loves loves ugly betty ... but she made me late for work 
is home and very emotional .... doesnt anyone else wish we were born without a heart ? 
I am thankful for some great people in my life ... especially one who think I'm great ! 
today I am thankful for .... having the money to purchase < PROPFEMALE>'s cupcakes n such , realize how much they suck and how good I am !!!! 
today I am thankful for all the men and woman who served our country ... especailly < PROPFEMALE > ! 
today I am thankful for my car that gets me to and from work and friends work .. to see them and bring dinner to .... 
after seeing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \This is It\ " I am thankful for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the music he created ..... " 
had a day from HELL ..... so today I thankful that I'm home and for ABSOLUTE !!! 
today I am thankful for .... freedom of speech .... enough said 
today I am thankful for t . v .... I LOVE dancing with the STARS !!! 
wants to go see < PROPFIRST > Bon Jovi 
well this is my last day off till after thanksgiving ... so today I am thankful for days off ! 
since I just recieved an order for a 2 tier 1st birthday cake ... today I'm thankful for my talent !!! 
Let's see how many people on FB aren't ashamed to show their love for GOD and admit that JESUS is their SAVIOR ! We need to get GOD back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy & past this in your status . 
another day from HELL ... hence a new bottle of ABSOLUTE .... therefore thankful for cranberry and vodka ! 
what a shitty week , ending with what became a crappy friday ... when will it ever end ? My stress level is thru the roof !!!! 
is so pissed her dvr stopped recording the music awards and lost 20 mins of it ... 
dear facebook friends .... i will be working the next 2 and 1/2 days straight .... so I wont be around ..... Happy Early Thanksgiving ... hope everyone has a blessed day ! 
so ... happy thanksgiving ... there is so much to be thankful for ... so much we take for granted ... we should be thankful everyday .... 
Black friday is ridiculous .... nothing is worth it 
so is it bad on my day off that i don't want to do anything that i need to do ? 
is trying to plan her 30th birthday ... a possible save the date of Feb 13th , 2010 
has a massive headache ... plus does anyone have anything to lower stress levels ? 
running late yest again ...... 
doesn't feel well ... mentally and physically 
contemplating life .... 
does anyone know of an inexpensive place to have my 30th bday ? all I want is drinks dancing and apps ... 
dear < PROPFEMALE > all I want for christmas to stop being so sick .... thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
boy when irony knocks ... it knocks hard ... 
trying to do closet clean out ... threw out one shirt already go me ! 
is heart broken ... where to go to find faith in people again ? 
yes ! thank you mother nature for a much needed day off !!!!!!!!! 
wish i had a snow day tomorrow ... can i be a teacher for a day ? 
state of emergency on sunrise ?!... well at least it delays me to work a bit ! 
finally home .... need to pack b/c i will be staying in by my job .... so < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and pray that I get all my orders filled !!!! 
has a toothache :( 
so tired .... running so late ... 
I don't think I'm in new york anymore the hell with kanas 
can't believe tomorrow is nye .... a year a CHANGE is ahead !!! 
I'm looking for a job off the books ... if anyone knows of anything please let me know ... 
37 days till I'm thirty ... Ahhhhhhhh 
once again so so late .... 
just doesn't understand anything ... 
hates sports ... knows nothing about them and is ok with that 
don't say you're going to call back in two mins if you're not ! 
how about \I'm tired of loving you\ " .... who says that ? " 
feels bad for the people in Haiti .... lets say a prayer . 
too much to do .... too little time and too little energy 
why do people turn things around on you ? 
love hurts so bad .... 
i totally agree !!! Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree 
needs to be inspired for life 
actually shut her phone off for over 2 hours ... WOW 
? I Love my mom !? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate . So make sure you appreciate them while they are still here ... 
where are your friends when u need them ? 
has anyone been to the 80s prom at Webster Hall ? 
dropped my phone in water ... won't work :( 
feels like crap in more ways then one .... 
feels so so alone and heart broken 
not only am I heart broken and feel alone but now KNOW I am alone ... THANK YOU for making it clear 
hopes today will be a better day ... 
uld you believe a Knights of < PROPMALE > wants $520 to rent a hall ? thats CRAZY ! 
hasn't been around ... but here I am ... 
I didn't watch the Grammys yet ... but even though I like < PROPFIRST > Swift I dont understand why she wins every award .... 
wishes I had followed all seasons of LOST ... I do truly love the show ... but would be lost if I watched it now :( 
ugh the big 30 in nine days .... God help me 
wishes it was a blizzard ... 
less then a week to the BIG 30 
let it snow let it snow let it snow 
anyone want to see NKOTB with me ? 
well it's count down to the Big 30 ... work mon then off to the city for a couple of days to celebrate my bday NYC style ! 
thanks to the blizzard birthday plans were cancelled .. damn mother nature 
Thank you so much for all the bday wishes ! 
so no < PROPFIRST > .... 
this constant stomache of over 3 days needs to end ! 
misses him so much ... 
so sick with noone to take care of me .... :( 
off to work .... 
work ... then upstate for moms lymes disease doctor 
needs to get her act together 
contemplating life ... 
is off to the soup kitchen 
wishes all this rain was snow 
snow day for me ... whaahoooo 
really doesn't feel like going to work ... and def not this early 
is beside herself ... 
tonight cranberry & vodka is my best friend , my lover and my SOUL SISTER ! 
looking forward to spending the day with my favorite girl and my want to be niece ! 
soup kitchen today .... and errands ... no motivation for anything 
Auntie Em Uncle < PROPFIRST > I don't think we're in NY any more !!! 
so I migh have been getting blown away but my mom is getting flooded ... heading over there to calm the hysteria .... 
drama ... 
so needs to pack .... trying but not getting very far ... what to wear to Atlantic City ? 
off to atlantic city .... Carrie Underwood and baking expo ... hopefully a good weekend ! 
i'm baaackkkkk 
hello facebook ... long time no talk ... 
I just don't understand ... how is it complaining when it's a matter just showing concern ? 
ticket for trespassing does it equal jail ? 
does how you handle your parents define you as a woman ? 
the emotional roller coaster is on a high .... 
just can't sleep .... how is that at 400 am ? Where is the off switch to my brain ? 
balancing the the check book .... filing bills .... waiting for a phone call ... :( 
tired of being on the side line 
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
is so pissed off ..... recorded glee ... first a different show played then finally got to watch glee for 10 mins then it's gone ... erased ...... Where is my GLEE ?!!! 
is going to be on Dr. Oz ... will be playing a game .... I'll keep you posted on the airing date 
is going to be on the Dr. Oz show tomorrow ... WHAT TO WEAR ?! 
Well another step closer to the dream .... the business name is filed .... < PROPFEMALE > Mandala dba as DELICIOUS DELIGHTS !!!! 
? Love is worth it all ? 
American Idol was just wrong tonight !!!! 
when I say call me back .... I want to talk to you about something ... that doesn't mean take hours 
Ahhhhhhhh 
is it worth it any more ? 
going to Cape May for Mothers Day ... $400 for the hotel and yet feel it's not appreciated 
oh what to say ... so many things so little time ... 
Heading into a busy busy weekend .... 
so many obligations ... yet I'm only one person . 
can never make anyone happy ... maybe its time to try and make myself happy 
tonight I am spanish .... yo comi carne y frijoles y pusas !!!!! 
Too much to do .... Too tired and don't feel like doing any of it ... 
All I can say is House season finale ..... WOW !!! Can't wait for the new season . 
Does anyone know a good and reasonable website designer ? 
just when i swear u can't hurt me .... u still do over and over again ... tired of having my heart broken 
is completely shattered 
is picking up the pieces and trying to piece them back together 
is really going to miss Simon ... I ? him ! 
so < PROPFIRST > won ..... what a strange show .... wierd moments ... highs and lows ..... sorry to see < PROPMALE > go 
I am as strong as my weakest link ... the key is to recongize my weakest link and re enforce it 
I give you money when you're in need ... now please give it back to me ! 
needs to stop and think and regroup 
\find a person who loves you for exactly what you are . Good mood 
I have recieved a word of Knowledge here on Facebook ... \ 
\ 
You want to control so everything happens in just the way you want it . But at the end of the day , we control nothing , - it's all in God's hands , - has always been , and will always be . So , do what you can , and then let go , and let God handle the rest . \ 
Amen !!!... Thanks < PROPMALE > So true 
Be yourself-but be your best self . Dare to be different and don't be afraid to follow your own < PROPFEMALE > ..... Thanks Michelle ... I love it ! 
absolutly LOVES GLEE ... Kick Ass season finale !!! 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? i can really use a wish right now ! 
as per a friend ... very true ! So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the ... institution ... of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . ? 
I'm a BIG girl now !!!! Revelation ! 
just watched 27 dresses .... bittersweet .... one day my < PROPMALE > will come . 
taken from a friend ... knows that God has a plan for me , and even though His plan rarely matches up with my plan , I know His plan is still the best for me .... but once , maybe now , it would be great if God's plan and my plan were the same ... 
I'm a good a thing that happens to bad people ... or to any people for that matter 
Cranberry and Vodka !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOST COUNT ! 
wow never thought CT could be so peaceful ..... found my new hide away 
P . H . A . T = Pretty Hot And Tempting !!! 30 years old and you have nice titties ... Thanks Man at the bar !!! 
I miss my being at my hideaway and hanging with my temporary roomie terribly ... :( 
so disheartening to give all of yourself- heart and soul to people only to find out you travel thru life alone 
taken from a friend ... So So TRUE !!! \Nothing in this world worth having comes easy . No great love ever came without struggle . \"" 
Who almost gets arrested for being in the beach parking lot after hours ? I do with my girl ... LOL !!! According to the cops we got off so easy with a ticket ... we were just picking up my car ... FOR REAL ! 
If airplanes in the night sky were shooting stars ... I could realyy use a wish right now ! 
Do u feel bettter if you get things off your chest ? If things change ..... 
Out for a few cocktails ! 
ONE shot TWO shot THREE shot more !!! and More we had ... Damn redheaded sluts ! 
doesn't feel so hot ... I could really use some love about now 
cold cold go away don't come back another day 
is running away ... far far away . 
is so happy for my best friend ... I'm glad that you found a great love ! 
love Toyota Concert Series .... nothing like waking up to < PROPFEMALE > Underwood ! 
OH MY GOD !!!! I did it !!!! This is Monumental !!!!!!!!! 
\banging baker\ " ... LOL thanks " 
ooohhh the family drama .... someone help ! 
needs a private hideaway !!! 
work week is just starting ... ughhh and boy am I dragging 
What the world needs now is LOVE SWEET LOVE !!! 
rather all I need is LOVE SWEET LOVE !!! 
I put myself out there constantly .... I should really learn to stop .. no one appreciates it 
Happy 57th Birthday Mom ... I hope we have a decent day ... and not world war 3 . 
Oh decisions in life ... why can't we have life planners like there are events/wedding planners ? 
so it's confirmed .... they're trying to make me quit ! 
I don't mean to say you're crazy ... sometimes maybe for loving me . 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > ? 
as per the weather channel ... 120 shelters are open in suffolk county ??? For real ? 
good people .... good drinks ... good conversation .... good times ! 
can't stop the tears from falling 
researching texas .... 
need a ride to and from the airport .... 
off to texas I go .... Much needed mental break ! 
will never survive the south !!! 
NY bound in a couple of hours ... it will be good to be back on the NY < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
AHHHH New York and all it's Drama .... 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH why can everyone be on the same < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
As per a friend .. I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I do not pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me ... as I am ....... or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being you . 
If you have had any of my baked goods .... please check out my wall and comment on a post from an inquiring customer . 
Contemplating who I am ... not so easy to change some aspects of myself .... Do I really want to ? Yet sometimes being who I am , the kind of person I am brings pain . 
The straw finally broke the camels back .... 
the sole owner of Delicious Delights 
was busy baking today .. the first of hopefully many orders was filled by Delicious Delights ... Yay ! On my way !!!! 
Hello fb via text . . . . Lol 
Packing for the the BIG E !!! 
Off to Massachusets I go ... Helllooo Big E !!! 
At the hotel . . . Rain rain go away . . . Need clear weather for the fair tomorrow ! 
So far so good ... the rain is holding out !!! Keep your fingers cossed !!! 
Still at the Big E shopping and eating the day away . . . . 
Missed the 300 ferry now have to wait till 500 . . . Detoured to Mystic Ct . . . 
back in NY ... and here's the rain ! 
why am I in such a slump today ? 
started my day off by getting electrocuted some how some way .... not a good feeling 
could care less about football ... the bad thing about the fall . 
thinks CSI Miami kicked ass !!! But is so dissapointed that the HOT cop was killed off . 
Help spread the word of Delicious Delights 
trying to move on ... but the heart is not cooperating 
WOW .... GLEE was so emotionally powerful ... It really hit home and made me bring out the tissues .... It really makes you think ... What do you believe ? 
is hopefully on the road to success !!! 
can someone please explain the whole \i like it .... \ " status's ? " 
how do I keep getting caught up in internet scams ?... someone's stupid 
have to move on ... one foot in front of the other ... I can do it .. can't I ? 
another day spent putting my mom's house back together ... Mayflowers Movers and < PROPFEMALE > Maids have nothing on me ! 
10/10/10 ... hmmm maybe I should play the Lotto ... LOL 
can someone tell me how < PROPFIRST > Bieber can sing about finding somebody to love ? He's a kid ... doesn't even know what love is 
Did anyone ever realize that where you go to post your status the shadow description box says ... \what's on you mind ? \ " ... LOL ... but yet there is a < PROPMALE > I can write .... I must have too much on my mind ! " 
I think I would have rather been born without a heart ... then there would be less pain . 
Thank God that Situation is Off ! 
yay !..... signing up for the gym ... me and my girl < PROPFEMALE > Richards are going to do our thing ! 
had a good first time work out at the gym ... 
And I just can't keep living this way\ 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons\ 
I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground\ 
I've had enough , now I'm so fed up\ 
Time to put my life back together right now 
No FOX ... means no House :( ... I must get motivated 
wants to see house from this week . ... :( damn negoations 
Has court today dor such a stupis ticket .... only me 
Bakind ... baking ... baking .... 
nothing like a good drink to wind down ... 
needs a new FB pic .... 
UnderCover Boss is Amazing ... it really warms my heart ... 
taken from a friend ... Life Is Too Short , Break The Rules , Forgive Quickly , Kiss Slowly , Love Truly , Laugh Uncontrollably , And Never Regret Anything That Made You Smile . Life May Not Be The Party We Hoped For , But While We're Here , We Should Dance ... 
can't watch glee ... still trying to catch House from last week .... :( 
oh what a day .... late dec 1963 ... what a very special time for me ... 
off to the gym .... 
it is pouring out ... keeping me awake 
thinks I need a persoanl assistant 
is going to the printer today to order my business logo labels ! Hopefully I get them in time for the 1st craft fair ! 
is trying to make a brochure for the business ... how do I put all of what I do on 2 little pages ... AHHHHHHHHH 
needs more then one personal assistant ! 
calm before the storm ... ( if u want to call it calm ) 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the strength to be content where I am , the < PROPFEMALE > to wait on Your timing , & the faith to remember that You have Your hand always on my heart .... so so true right now !!! 
May he < PROPMALE > your heart's desires and make all your plans succeed . 
1st Craft fair ... Wish me LUCK !!! 
1st craft fair was a success !!!! 
taking a break from a baking today ... headed upstate 
how can I be so tired ? 
I have a silly question ... when u post and mention other people on fb , how do u get it that their name is highlighted and can click on their link ?... LOL ... fb illiterate 
back to baking ... 
Glee kicked ass this week !!!!! 
come on down to The Weight Room Plus < PROPFEMALE>'s Workout for some Delicious Delights ! 
wishes she had the support from some of her friends ... 
has a headache .... what to do for dinner ? 
If you can dream it , you can do it . - Walt Disney 
ain't no sunshine when she's gone .... 
off to see Dr. Oz today ... maybe I'll get spotted by a producer ... LOL 
Trying to get caught up on things . . . 
Heavenly Father , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord , u know I am not perfect and fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . I may have more bills than money , but thank you for my family , friends , and a roof ... over my boys head , and food on my table , and everything I do have . Repost if GOD has blessed you 
when is enough ... enough ? enough of the empty promises , enough of the hurt , enough of the pain , I have to get up , stand up and be strong ... 
off to bake ! 
some day my < PROPMALE > will come ....???? 
Don't dare to be different , dare to be yourself . I don't shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > s or try to be unique from every other girl ... I create my OWN < PROPFEMALE > and I AM unique from every other girl . I stand out because I'm my own person in every situation and people notice . 
American music awards . . . . Yes . . Love it 
realized that she really did make one of the biggest mistakes of her life ... and for that she is so sorry 
loves GOOGLE's home < PROPFEMALE > .... for all us bakers !!! 
going for a drink with < PROPFEMALE > Hansen ... it's been way too long .... 
life is a series of ups and downs but as least we have life ... I am thankful to have the strength for the trials and the heart to celebrate the joys ... and the family and friends who support along the way !!! 
off to Massachusets .... Hell NO black Friday shopping for me .... so looking forward to my weekend getaway 
calm before the storm 
trying to figure out what phone to get 
yes new phone ... yet there is already problems with it .... go figure 
An earthquake on long island ? Holy crap ! \\n < PROPFEMALE > 
I still can't believe there was an earthquake on long island .... what is going on lately ? 
Getting ready for the craft fair sat .... this saturday @ CW POST Brookville 10-5\ 
Come down and visit ! 
Did you think I was a PEZ dispenser ?.... LOL ... still laughing my ass off !!!! I love you < PROPFIRST > D'Alessandro!!! 
Ready for the craft fair tomorrow . . . Come down and visit . . . Cw post 10 to 5\\n < PROPFEMALE > 
selling cupcakes @ CW Post in Brookville 10-5 ... come on down and say hello ! 
for those who know ... 7:00 ... just for hot apple cider ! 
hopefully will see many people that I miss and care about ... 
Had an amazing time visiting with < PROPFEMALE > Crusius Villalta and family ... I love you guys ! 
I love being at my BFF house ... I love you < PROPFIRST > Pellicano 
from astoria to cape may ... I got it made ... LOL 
really needs to pack ... but first I need to get home .... 
Trying to pack ... hate packing !.. Love going away ! 
wants a family in more ways then one ... 
can some one tell how < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > picked her 10 fascinating people ? < PROPFIRST > Bieber ? Jersey Shore ? I mean Come On really ? 
Had a great time yesterday with a special lady and an adorable little guy ! 
Tis the reason to be shopping . On line at kohls waiting on line thats wrapped around the store . Fun\\n 
craft fair today 10-5 Newfield Hs in Selden 
On to day 2 of the craft fair ... it's Huge ! Newfield HS 145 < PROPFIRST > DR 10-5 ... come buy some cupcakes ! 
really needs to get going ... so so much to do .. Tis the Season 
I hope the new year brings new things . 
Greatest man in History , Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master , had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher , had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer , had no army , yet kings feared Him , won no military battles , yet He conquered the world , committed no crime , yet they crucified Him ... He was buried in a tomb , yet ... He lives today . Repost if you believe in your heart HE is the REASON for the SEASON 
so many orders to fill so little time .. plus wrapping still to be done 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and christmas day .. Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone hasd a blessed holiday 
Santa .. there is one more thing I would really like for christmas ... maybe during the year 
Hello blizzard ... Hell Yea ! 
finally home after being snowed in at moms ... 
off to the Milleridge Inn for lunch today ... looking forward to it ! 
can someone please explain why I torture myself ? 
is so done with people 
GIVES UP !!!! Hope you all hear me 
GIVES UP !!!! Hope you all hear me ! The ball is in your court ! 
round one of Jello Shots made .. think I\ll be making more in the morning " 
it feels like just yesterday that we rang in 2010 ... jello shots are all made and the night is planned . but on a serious note I'm spending the night with people who are dear to me , it's been a crazy emotional year ... I am making changes for 2011 ... focusing on myself , my business , being postive and staying true . Hopefully close relationships will become stronger and negative ones will fade away . Happy New everyone !!! 
so so excited to be seeing < PROPFEMALE > E Sheehan after way too long ... watch out Applebees , Here we come ! 
What a great night ! Nothing like good friends and good times ! 
How Very True- A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , being a pain , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . 
so glad to be taking the time to catch up with friends ..... off to Miss < PROPFEMALE > Placide house today 
more snow for tuesday 
whats to be said when you are called a pretentious and judgemental witch ... You give so much to someone to be told you are a horrible person . 
at my pizza making class ..... Yummy ! 
snow again starting tomorrow ... I'm hearing 12 inches plus here on the island . 
1/11/11 ... should we play the lotto ? 
really feels like making meat balls .... 
I know the new zodiac signs are the talk of the town .... they are saying it's only affects people born after 2009 ... 
was on the productive train .. but I thik it got derailed 
so excited to finally be hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > after too many years ... then meeting up with my fav boys < PROPFIRST > Pellicano and < PROPFIRST > DiBenedetto afterwards for some cocktails ! 
at my favorite boys house ... hanging with < PROPFIRST > Pellicano and < PROPFIRST > DiBenedetto 
is throwing in the towel 
can I just say that I think the Dad from the show from My wife and kids is funny as hell !!! 
off to little Liam Dodge's birthday party ! 
wow just about everyone's post comments on foot ball ... YUCK ... am I the only one who doesn't care ?! 
So So True ~ I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! ~ 
Yesterday I made potato gnocchi from scratch with sauteed broccoli , proscitto with lemon/olive oil sauce ... wish I had some leftovers ... 
Food Handlers class today 5 hours straight ... Ugh 
dressd ready to go to the gym but keep procrastinating .... 
trying to get tax info ready 
power of prayer ... a spark of hope ... my faith is renewed 
LOVE IT ~ With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think , Good Grief look how smart I am , I must be a genius !! ~ 
Shining < PROPFEMALE > bakery in Moriches - closed , Peconic Baking Comp in Riverhead - closed , Delicious Delights open and serving all you pastry needs 
by this day next week I'll be 31 ... ugh is there a way to stop time ? 
had a great night with my favorite people < PROPFIRST > Pellicano , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Capone , < PROPFIRST > Petrone and had the pleasure of meeting < PROPFIRST > Beneventi .. now if only I wasn't on 2 hours of sleep ... 
Even though I don't care about football doesn't mean I can't enjoy the party ... had a good time at < PROPFEMALE > Palmarozzo Patanjo\s House and was beyond excited to catch up with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Lisciandri ..... Rockin and Rollin and What Not !!! " 
Packing up CT ... picnics and home cooked meals rock ! 
2 days till the big 3-1 .... where does time go ? 
4 hours and 5 mins till the official B-day time .. Hello 31 
31 is not starting off so bad ... thank you all so far for all my birthday wishes ! 
Thank You everyone for helping 31 go off with a bang ! All the wishes was much appreciated ! 
off to Safié Salon & Day Spa for the Sybe'l Makeup Launch Party ! then to the Teapot for an afternoon tea ... the birthday celebration continues ! 
Casting calls for Top Chef Dessert ..... Hmmmmm ???? 
2006 Hyundai Elantra for Sale $ 5,200 runs and looks great ... 100,000 < PROPMALE > all highway ... remote start ... tinted windows and rain guards ... if interested message me 
Watching Top Chef Desserts . . . Can I do it ? \\n 
I just wanted to say that since I've expressed the possibility of attending the casting call for Top Chef Desserts ... I've been amazed at the faith people have in me and the support they have shown ... It's nice to have others believe in you . I truly aappreciate it . 
Had a blast last night with < PROPFIRST > D'Alessandro and < PROPMALE > McCormack ... much needed laughs and pizza ..... Cheese ? 
Just watched He's Just Not That In To You ... crying my eyes out ... 
the hotel is booked for sunday night ... tried to print out the application ... no luck yet ... 24 pages ... preparing for Top Chef Dessert casting call 
Oh My God - applications are being accepted for season 2 of Cake Boss's Next Great Baker ... I'm on a roll people !!! 
so the hotel is booked for sunday and monday night , the application is filled out and the chefs coat is ironed ... I'm as ready as i'm going to be ... Top Chef Desserts here I come !!! Come on personality don't fail me now ! Wish me luck !!! 
I truly want to Thank everyone for all the support and faith ... I am officially in the casting process and am not allowed to to post from this point on . Thank You again .... your support and encouragement means so much ! 
A bit dissapointed in Idols top 13 
\So the world can bask in your amaziness ... \ " ___ WOW is all I can say " 
trying to sort thru the matters of the heart 
is going to a flask and tranqs today ! 
Vanilla ice is on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . . . He's making a come back ? 
much to catch up on after a long busy week and a busier one on the way .. 8 days till VEGAS !!! 
This day next week I leave for VEGAS !!! 
Way too early for BS ! 
Dogsitting one of my favorite doggies at my favorite boys house 
Traffic sucks . . . . God bless the people that drive from queens to long island every day 
I really need two of me till about tues ... any volunteers ? 
cranberry and vodka and the < PROPFEMALE > girls nice way to end a long day 
off to pack ... count down to vegas ! 
life can be really annoying at times 
Vegas Bound !!! 
Sitting on the plane . . . . Already 40 mins delayed . . . FML 
Pool yesterday . . . CSI exhibit last night . . . Whats next ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
Spending the night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) :) :) 
Time to play the Price is Right ! Wish me luck ! 
Getting sun burned by the pool . . . Good yet bad . . . Lol 
Just watched a wedding ceremony in front of Bellagio's fountains . . . . realized I made mistakes . . . Missing you terribly 
