Bored out of my mind !!!!!!!!!!!! 

New Photos added =) 
another day another dollar wish i could find another that would mistake me for an other so i could live like the mother in a place like no other 
Only 1100 days left !!!!! 
I've got a drinking problem man ......... one mouth and 2 hands , and an empty can 
\He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire . \ " < PROPMALE > Churchill ..... i can think of several people when i read that quote " 
\My wife has a slight impediment in her speech . Every now and then she stops to breathe . \ " < PROPFIRST > Durante ........ ahahahahahahahhahahah " 
If anyone is crazy enough to want to kill a president of the United States , he can do it . All he must be prepared to do is give his life for the president's . < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy 
There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable . There is another theory which states that this has already happened . 
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity . But not in that order . < PROPFIRST > Pickrell There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe , and it has a longer shelf life . < PROPFIRST > Zappa 
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood , isn't it ? 
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you . < PROPFIRST > Gustav < PROPFEMALE > 
Isn't it strange ? The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously . 
When a man steals your wife , there is no better revenge than to let him keep her . < PROPFEMALE > Guitry 
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . < PROPMALE > Churchill 
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us . < PROPMALE > Watterson 
Don't be irreplaceable . If you can't be replaced , you can't be promoted . 
Let him that would move the world first move himself . Socrates 
All things appear and disappear because of the concurrence of causes and conditions . Nothing ever exists entirely alone ; everything is in relation to everything else . Buddha 
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can ? Sun Tzu 
Cocaine is gods way of telling you that you make too much money . 
blah blah blah ...... 
Clocks slay time ... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels ; only when the clock stops does time come to life . < PROPFIRST > Faulkner 
For in reason , all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery . < PROPMALE > Swift 
When I read about the evils of drinking , I gave up reading . 
lalalalalalala ........ Yay the last time i have to wake up early for the rest of the year YAY i can't wait 10yrs til my kids graduate and i can kick em out 
Don't do drugs because if you do drugs you'll go to prison , and drugs are really expensive in prison . ~ John Hardwick 
“Time and space are modes by which we think and not conditions in which we live” .... Albert Einstein 
... if one sets aside for a moment the rotation of the earth and its orbit round the sun , one could say that the earth was at rest and that a train on it was travelling north at ninety < PROPMALE > per hour or that the train was at rest and the earth was moving south at ninety < PROPMALE > per hour ...... Stephen W . Hawking 
The idea that space and time may form a closed surface without boundary also has profound implications for the role of God in the affairs of the universe . With the success of scientific theories in describing events , most people have come to believe that God allows the universe to evolve according to a set of laws and does not intervene in the universe to break these laws . 
if i created a virtual world that followed certain laws that i created and i allowed those virtual beings to create other beings with their own laws as long as they followed the laws i wrote in their code would i be a god of a god ?....... who is god ?.. are we just a creation of a creation ? i wonder how someone as human as i can say they KNOW what is we could just be pixels in some other things computer game 
blah blah blah ..................................... 
Cold weather sucks !!!!! 
well off i go another night at work . 
lalalalalalalala 
wel time for work again ............. i need to win the lottery 
I tried sniffing Coke once , but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose . ROFLMAO 
Did you know < PROPFEMALE > ranks the lowest in education but the highest in drug use ? It's nice to be number one , but we can fix that . All we need to do is start the war on education . If it's anywhere near as successful as our war on drugs , in no time we'll all be hooked on phonics . ~ Leighann Lord 
Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . ~ Andre Gide 
GOOOOO SAINTS ............ 
I think Favre is done !!!!!! 
the pro bowl before the super bowl has to be the dumbest idea in football history 
FUCKING YEA !!!!!! SAINTS TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!! 
COLTS GOING DOWN !!!!!!!!!! 
We sofa < PROPMALE > , We tall did !!!!! 
I hate being sick and to top it off my damn hip is hurting again at least the doc gave me some Vicodin ES for the pain and a Z pack for the crappyness in my chest and a few days off work , hope my damn hip replacement hasn't shifted at all cause that would SUCK !!! 
well here we go again 
Why is there never anything to do at 4am ? the country is chock full of people who work nights and when its their day off there should be stuff for them to do when they are awake at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
\A nation which does not remember what it was yesterday does not know where it is today . \ " ... Robert E . < PROPFIRST > " 
Character is what you are ; reputation is what you try to make people think you are . 
Malazan Book of The Fallen is the best Fantasy Series ever written ............. i have read 9 books by < PROPFIRST > erikson and 2 by < PROPMALE > C . Esslemont and am about to fucking burn every other book in my house cause nothing is as good . there is 1 more book in Erikson's 10 book main series and it doesn't come out til the end of the year and i have to order it from overseas because US publishers suck .......................... 
one question i have had for a while regarding alien life is why do our scientests always look for earthlike planets hoping to find life ? Why is it not possible for another planet totally different from ours to contain life just because WE need oxygen to breathe why does an alien life ? just because we are mostly water why does an alien have to be dependent on water 
lalalalalalladeeelalalaldeeladeee 
its not a beer belly .. its a liquid grain storage facility 
The trouble with jogging is that , by the time you realize you're not in shape for it , it's too far to walk back . < PROPMALE > P . Jones 
i swear to drunk officer I'm not god ... no there's no blood in my alcohol\ 
system ... no I'm not driven officer my friend has my car and my keys are parked 
\thepenisinmymouth\ " .. Did you read the pen is in my mouth ?.. like f*ck you did ;) " 
RATS RATS RATS RATS 
\Don't blame others for your failure to be fully accountable for your own life . If others are to blame then you have given them control . \ " \ 
I REALLY DON\T LIKE BEING AN ASSHOLE .......... but since I'm good at it guess I'll get to it then ............................... " 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala 
Why am i awake at 5am and on facebook i hate facebook 
GODDAMN FUCKING CRAP HIP SURGERY WAS GOOD FOR 6 WEEEKS NOW CAN\T STAND UP AGAIN FUCK !!!!!!!! " 
YAY got some more painkillers hip still hurts but now i don't care as much . looking like the surgery may have not worked like it was supposed to so will be planning another hip replacement eventually hopefully i can wait a few months at least and not have 2 titanium hips by 31yrs old 
