Ok , these quizzes are fun , everyone who knows me will agree with the 16 and the Asian ! Something to get my mind off being sick ! 

Back to work tomorrow after 2 weeks of glorious time off ... traveled New England .. such beautiful country we have ! 
Hi everyone ! Sorry it has been so long ... very busy living out summer ! Traveled through New England and saw some of our beautiful country ... wow ! Hope all is well with everyone , enjoy what good weather we do get ... take care and I hope to keep in touch more often . 
My day off is coming to a close ... oh well , caught up on stuff 
Hi all ... good to see the new people on ... Lisa and Donna ... long time no talk/see !!!! Going to babysit ... and then watch my Big Brother after dark recordings .. everyone have a great weekend ! 
Ok , going to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s soon , signing off ! 
I'm making stew in the crockpot tomorrow for the cold weather ! 
Putting together that stew now ... 
Ok , not to toot my own horn , but the stew was delicious ... and WARM , it is so freaking cold ! 
FINALLY feeling better ... back out shopping !!! In the real world ... it sure felt good to spend money .... but now .... and < PROPMALE > loved his Spa day and shopping too ! 
Ok , maybe a DD for < PROPFIRST > , so watching the week's recordings , gotta love DVR ! 
Looking forward to the weekend , have Monday off too ... going to see my nephew this weekend for his early 10th birthday ... I sure do miss him ! 
Staying in tonite and relaxing with my puppy and staying warm ! 
The girls are eating soup , hope all stays down ... then some jello ... got to start them on soft runny stuff ... love sick kids ! 
Gonna get a Pumpkin ... and some gourds ! 
Home on a day off and it is pouring outside ! Yucky day ... wanted to spend some time with my horse today . 
Thankyou all for all the Birthday wishes ... I did have a great Birthday with all my family ... different times , but I guess I can say I had a Birthday week ! < PROPFIRST > is taking me out to dinner tonite ... Applebees or Quaker Steak & Lube ... 
Everyone has to try the Pomegranate < PROPFEMALE > @ Applebees ... very good ! 
Just got back from running about in the rain .... nice to be home ... now I am on a week VACATION ... but doing a lot of stuff around the house ! 
Chilly but nice ... off to the Farmer's market for some apples and squash ! 
Spent good part of the afternoon fixing fence after the deer ran through it ! Cooollld ! But < PROPFEMALE > and I had fun . 
Gonna go to bed and try to warm up ! 
Taking a break from packing up unused clothes to take to the church ! whew ... 
Just had some good friends over for dinner , sons too ... and < PROPMALE > had some friends over ... Turkey dinner , some of the trimmings , not all .... delicious ... now for some Bejeweled ! 
OMG ... it is freaking cold out there .... hating winter already !!! 
Got a bushel of apples , made apple french toast .. Tony loved ... then made apple crisp ... yummy ... rest for the rest of the day and then an Avon order to put in ... enjoy your Sunday all ! 
Avon order is in ... time to nestle in for going back to work tomorrow ... yay ... 
Off to shop and then dinner with a good friend , maybe a little Bejeweled first though .... at least it isn't raining here like they said it was going to ! 
Go Bills ! 
Bills not doing so good .... again ... we need to get rid of Jaron , he is out of fresh ideas ... that is obvious ! 
Not a good day , or a good week .... hopefully the weekend weather brightens up the outlook ! 
Making a life changing and VERY hard decision today and tonight ... say some prayers for me !! It will all work out ! 
Thanks all ... made my decision , hard but for the best ... everything is a little better because the sun is out ... I guess ! 
Babysitting ... kids in bed ... time for some updates ! 
What a beautiful Fall day ! Everyone enjoy ! 
Well , we are off to another week of fun and enjoyment at all our jobs ... everyone enjoy ! For those who have Wednesday off , be sure to remember why we have that day off and thank a soldier for their service to our country and for our freedom ! God Bless you all ! Good night 
What a beautiful day . To all of you Veterans and current Military friends .... THANKYOU for your sacrifices and service , without you , there would be NO < PROPFEMALE > ! God Bless and keep you . Everyone else , PLEASE thank your Military friends and family today and everday ! 
Good nite ... work tomorrow ... probably overtime ... yay 
Home after finishing Thanksgiving dinner shopping and relaxing .... me and my puppy ! 
Ok ... Horse tucked in , puppy tucked in ... off to tuck myself in ! Nite all ! 
Haven't been on in a while ... been reading the Twilight books , on the 3rd , Eclipse ... and very busy at work and for the Holday ! Good nite all ! 
Been very busy at work and stuff .... been off the computer for a while , hope all of you are good .... enjoy the Holday season .... I Love Christmas !!!! 
Home reading Breaking Dawn ... cannot put it DOWN !!! Trying to stay warm , I hate winter !!! 
I love my < PROPMALE > puppy ! 
Everyone be careful out there ! 
My knee is finally getting better ... could barely walk yesterday and today .... too much dancing Friday ... Sarah !!! 
Finally received the rest of the Avon order .... was getting worried ! putting together boss Chirstmas gift for tomorrow ... laundry ... my , I life such an exciting life Ha ha !!! 
Home today to bake and shop and wrap .... I love Christmas ! 
Then ... party tonight with my boys and party tomorrow with my family ... whew ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , and Blessed wishes for the New Year ! 
Just back from Tully's dinner ... my Favorite tenders ! AND ... New Moon ... again ! Gotta love the vampires and werewolves ! 
Happy New Year to everyone , be safe , happy and have fun ! 
Happy New Year to all ... hope this decade is the best yet for < PROPFEMALE > ryone ... had a GREAT New years < PROPFEMALE > with some best friends and same of New years day ! 
I HATE WINTER ...!! I am sick of it already ... cold is not good on \old\ " bones ! " 
Gray 
Avatar was a great movie .... you definitely should see it in 3D though ... great message too ! 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to fight and conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who had or does have cancer . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen ! ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
Just hangin out with my sister today for a girls day ! 
Better weather .... anything warmer is good .... off to a jewelry party today and then babysitting some munchkins ! 
I am happy today because I started Atkins and had a great day ! and also found out the date of release for the DVD of New < PROPFEMALE > is March 20th ! 
Well , I had my successful first week of Induction on the Atkins Plan ... doing very well and feel great ... here's to the new healthier , skinny , sexy me ! 
Off to bed ... rest up for Disney on Ice tomorrow night with the girls ! Good nigh and God bless all . 
Ever wonder why people even bother get jealous instead of looking at their own reality ... 
Babysitting the girls then off for some Disney on Ice ! I am so excited ... have been for weeks ! 
Disney on Ice Princesses was so much fun .... 3rd row to boot ! we could almost touch them ... it was amazing ... gotta love Disney ! 
Hate Mondays ... here we go again . 
Well my friends , I lost 10 lbs . my first week on Atkins plan ... and I am lovin ' it ! Can't wait till next Monday .... I can't believe I just said that , but I am really happy ! 
good night all ... happy Tuesday ! 
Well , here comes the deep freeze again ... I wish I really could freeze my ass off ... but that doesn't work so what is winter good for again ? Doing great with my new plan and have a new outlook on life for once ... I so cannot wait for Spring and Summer ! 
If you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without my sister ? ? ? 
Ok ... I hate winter ! I am Freezing !!! someone send the SUN and HEAT ! Everything else is great .... getting healthier by the day ! Everyone be careful driving out there ! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? sons ? in the ? world ? I love my Sons ... although they are out ... 22 and I still worry all night about my babies ! They would kill me if they knew I called them that here ... made it through a Horseclub meeting without cheating on my eating plan too ... 3 more days for my next update ! But if I freeze my butt off first , I will lose so much more ... 
got some cleaning in today ... got my kitchen back from the depths of dishes of my boys ... they have some cleaning to do of their own !!! now my friend < PROPFEMALE > will be visiting for a girl's night . 
Why did God have to give us winter ... couldn't he have skipped this area ? Oh well ... hopefully the warmth comes back soon ... off to have dinner later with my friends , I am bringing the roast ! 
My Uncle < PROPMALE > has passed away today , I am very sad right now ... we were pretty close and I will miss him dearly . 
Having a day with the girls of babysitting ... then tomorrow with the family , I agree with you Kath , I sure do wish it was under better circumstances . Very sad . 
Having a REALLY hard day trying not to emotionally eat something sweet .... I HAVE to keep fighting this and get through ... I have come so close a few times .... but so far so good ... Monday I want a good number instead of the 1 I had last Monday . HELP ! 
Thanking everyone for your condolences ... helps me get through . Stay warm everyone ! 
OK ... so I have lost another 2 pounds last week ... going for a double of that of 4 ! 
Not much going on ... gonna go feed the horses and get back in to warm up ! Need to get some sugar free hot chocolate ! 
Everyone say a prayer for my little nephew < PROPMALE > , he is really sick and I want him to avoid a hospital stay ... so send some up to the ONE ... thanks ! 
Well ... Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day to me ! I lost another 6 pounds this week ! Better than I expected ! 
Great day off .. got a lot accomplished ! Back to work , it is already Tuesday ... yay ! Everyone have a great night 
Spending the day with the girls ... then out with the big girls tonite ! Wish I could have a wine ... too much sugar ! Oh well ... worth it in the end ! 
\A food that demands to be eaten daily is often a key to a disordered metabolism . It can run your life as well as ruin it . \ " -- Dr Atkins .... This is my inspirational for today .... how true it is ! " 
Avon order goes in tonight ! Lots of goodies on sale ... new makeup here I come !!!! 
Well it is Monday again ... and another 2 pounds gone ! Yay ! Very happy ... next week will be more ! 
Wow what a week ! Now that I have more energy , I have overdone it ! Need SLLEEPP !!! Thank God for weekends ... 
Babysitting < PROPFEMALE > and Hunter ....... they are now off sleeping ! Time for some FB ! 
signing off , I am FREEZING !! Night all 
Congratulations on the Silver Medal to the USA Hockey team ... they fought hard ! On a personal note ... another 5 pounds gone .... 26 and counting !! Now off to get ready for Monday ... oh boy ! 
Done with the laundry ... off to watch some TV and bed ! Night all ! 
Can't wait for tonight ... getting out with some friends and some Great entertainment ! 
Went last night to see < PROPFEMALE > in the play Godspell .... you were GREAT < PROPFEMALE > ... I can't wait until next year .... tell < PROPMALE > , loved his voice ! He did good too ! Great time after ! 
Only 1 pound this week ... let's chalk it up to stress ... but it is still a loss ! Got the new Atkins book so I will be able to re-energize the diet ! 
Avon order is in , time for dreams of Monday ... NOT ! Everyone have a Great and Blessed week ! 
Off to enjoy this warm and < PROPFEMALE > weather .... Enjoy you day everyone ! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
Well ... another week and another 3 pounds ... finally hit the 30 < PROPFIRST > ! Cruising right along I am .... will be ready for Summer before I know it !!! Can't wait ! 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass .... It's about learning to dance in the rain . Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s FB family ! 
Smile ... Happy Spring !!! Enjoy this wonderful new weather !!! The mud will disappear soon ! 
Girls off to bed ... time for some fun and games on FB ! Good night everyone ! Happy Spring ! 
New hair for spring ! Yeah , my sister is a Magician when it comes to hair ! She is the best ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Avon order in ... off to bed ... good nigh all ! Weigh in tomorrow !!! I think I did good this week ! 
Last week , lost another 3 pounds ! I am so excited ... up to 33 off ! 
Come on people ... get out there and get some of this sunshine !!! Get some fresh air , some exercise ... I am getting of this computer now too ! 
Well Hello FB Family ! been off for the weekend ... nice to get outside more ! And ... I have 3 more pounds off ! Woo Hoo ... up to 36 ... let's hope I keep this going ! 
Been off for a while ... have hit the dreaded plateau ! I am stuck @ 36 pounds for the week .... not weighing in until next week as I am allowing myself enough carbs on Easter to maintain but not lose .... so we shall see ! Everyone have a Happy and Blessed Easter ! 
Everyone enjoy their Easter ! 
Well ... babysitting the sleeping beauties ... we watched UP , if you have not seen it ... you should ... took a few tissues ... very touching and entertaining ! 
Weighed in this morning a little early , the plateau is gone ... another 3 pounds ... that must be my magic number ! 1 shy of 40 pounds off ... Sunday is the real weigh in day , so maybe I can make an even 40 or surpass ! 
Well ... made it to my 40 pounds ! Off this week to catch some more ! Had a great dinner with my boys and < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and the kids ! Have a great week ! I hate Mondays ... 
Oh yeah ... now I have to figure out how to ride the bus to work ... brakes are stuck ! Fun wow .... this country girl is scared of the city trips ! 
A soldier is someone , who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . THANK A SOLDIER TODAY ? -- Thank you ! 
Ok ... so plateauing this week again ... did more walking this week , boy do I feel it ... but still @ 40 pounds .... so maybe next week we can get the < PROPFIRST > to budge ! 
Everyone stay warm this weekend ... the nice weather will be back soon ! 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Sunday everyone ! Go out and take a walk in the fresh air , breathe in your freedom and thank a soldier for it ! Today is a gift ... that is why we call it a present ! 
Avon order is in ... the coming week will be warm and < PROPFEMALE > weather ... time to kick it into high gear ! Goodnight FB family ! 
Hello everyone ... hope you had a nice day ! 
Hello everyone ... TGIF !!! Gonna by a couch this weekend , cannot wait to sleep in ! Everyone have a great day tomorrow and sweet dreams tonight ! 
So we have been blessed with some nice weather ... today being yucky , I am off to visit my Aunt Margaret ... yay ! Then to watch Avatar and have dinner with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and all our kids ! Family day today . 
On a GREAT note ... I have broken through the plateau .... 5 more pounds gone forever !!! Makes for some sunshine on this rainy day ! 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... It's about learning to dance in the rain . 
Well .. I weighed in 1 day early ... and I had a great week again ! 4 more pounds gone forever ... I am so happy !!! Sorry < PROPFIRST > , I like this picture better !!! LOL 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s dance recital last nite ... they did really good ... very cute ... I can't wait for tonite , Jelia and < PROPFEMALE>'s is tonight , very excited ! 
The recital was Awesome !!! < PROPFEMALE > and Jelia did amazing ... can't wait to see the Birthday boy < PROPMALE > today ... 3 years old ... I can't believe it ! Hope the rain holds off ! 
I hope everyone had a great weekend and enjoyed the summer weather ! It was very busy and went fast , but it was a LOT of fun ! Not looking forward to Monday again , but hey , at least after work , I can relax for the first time since last Monday ! Ha Ha ! Have a GREAT and BLESSED week FB Family ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of you beautiful women chosen to care for and love beautiful children ... you are special , and don't you forget it ! 
Hello everyone ... been off and doing a lot of stuff ... very busy ... my babies are moving out together and I am sad about that , but happy too ! new furniture comes next week and then next month I will be painting ... lots of stuff going on ... and the updated weight is 50 pounds exactly off ... so next week , let's pray for a big number !!! Enjoy your weekend everone ! 
Well , it has been a long day ... the girls are in bed ... nothing on TV ... don't want to play any games ... not ready to sleep ... I want to do something ... oh well , tomorrow is another day ... good night all ! 
Good morning everyone ! The SUN is finally here ! maybe we will get some actual warmth with it ! Skipping the weigh in this week , have had a very rough week as far as that goes ... but next week will for sure be phenominal ! 
Hello all ... I have been off FB for a while ... doing lots of new exciting things getting my house all \refreshed\ " really like having new energy to do all this stuff too ! And an update on the newest weight loss is I am @ 56 pounds lost . Everyone have a safe and FUN weekend ... and Please remember ... God Bless < PROPFEMALE > - Land of the Free because of the Brave ! " 
Had a beautiful day Sunday with the family at my house ... we are so lucky to be free because of those who sacrifice so much ! Please pray for all those who cannot be with their families on this Holiday weekend , and what they gave up . 
Weight Loss update ... 2 more pounds ... 58 total ! I am gonna ' keep on truckin'! 
I am Happy now ..... I just purchased pre-sale tickets for Twilight Eclipse !!! YAY ! 
What a crappy cold and rainy day ... yesterday was SO nice ! at least we got 1 good day for the weekend ! 
Weight loss update .... I lost 2 more ... I am up to 60 pounds OFF !!! Yay .... and a funny quick story , I got a 50 pound bag of grain for my horse and when I took it out of the Jeep , I had such a struggle carrying it to the barn ... OH my ... how did I have that on me ?! 
Everyone enjoy the sun that is trying to come out ! off to my neice < PROPFIRST>'s 8th birthday this afternoon ... good to see < PROPFIRST > and family ! Miss the kids ! 
What a great family and friend weekend ! very busy and had some relaxing time and a great mini field trip with < PROPFEMALE > ! Also ... lost another 2 pounds , bringing the total to 62 ! 
Whoa ... where has the time gone ? So busy nowadays .... run run run ... this new found energy tires me out sometimes ! Have not been on FB in a week or more ... hope all is well with everyone ... Lost another 2 pounds last week ... up to 64 ! 
WoW what a week ! Getting so many errands done now so the next 2 weeks I can vacation and relax ... at home and in < PROPFIRST > for a few days ... cannot wait to be OFF from work ! So ready .... 
I am on VACATION !!!! WOO HOO 2 weeks ! Relaxing right now ... finishing the Avon order up today and then some reading ... MAYBE I will finally put together my arbor too ! 
Ok ... seriously .... Eclipse was SO DAMN GOOD !!! I can't wait to see it again with the girls ! 
Feeling energized and loving this weather ! I will be off to get my new coffee table that FINALLY came in ... then tomorrow off to Brett\s for a 2 day excursion ... me and < PROPMALE > are getting away ! " 
Had a great time @ < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s and the boys we had fun .... got pictures of the puppy boy < PROPMALE > loved being a fashion model ! 
Off to the boys house for a cookout ... hotter than hell out there ! 
Just ordered some Shiratake Miracle noodles ... cannot wait to get these ... No calories and No carbs ! I hope they aren't too bad ... I have heard they are good , and they were on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > too ... 
Oh yes , the update is I am still at the same amount , no loss last week ... but I am sure I will have a good number this weekend ! 
Well , I am officially done with my 2 week vaca ! SAD ... but true . 2 parties this weekend and then back to the grind ... I hope I recognize the place when I get back ! And the new weigh in total is 4 pounds this past week , ( I think I sweat most of it LOL) ! The new total is 70 pounds .... cruising right along to a new me ! 
If you're talking behind my back , you're in a good position to kiss my ass !!! 
Night all ... off to bed for babysitting in the morning ! 
First Avon order ... then off to bed for back to work tomorrow ... YUCK !!!! 
Whew ... what a week ! Lots of changes .... and big ones for me ... stressed a bit last week , so I did not lose a thing ! Let's hope this week goes a little more smoothly ! 
Friday .... LONG week ! I am hoping for a good number tomorrow morning ... I don't know in this heat ! but I can literally say I am sweating my ASS off ! LOL ! 
well ... 2 weeks , only 2 pounds ... yes , I know ... I have been told that is good ... the total is now 72 , but I think it is time to step it up and actually go to the Gym ! < PROPFIRST > will help me ... then we'll see big results ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for this country recently . Repost if you support the Military 
Hump day tomorrow ... have fun ! 
So , I have been off for a while ... really really busy ! OMG , I am so tired ! can never find time to get on , but tonight have some time ! Had friends and family over Wednesday night and again on Saturday ... then Sunday Family Reunion @ Genesee County park ! Such fun we all had Every Day ! I hope we get a big response to our coming Class Reunion ... I CANNOT believe it has been 25 years ! We are all so young and all .... 
Oh yes , and last week , I did not lose anything , stayed the same ... I am going to take < PROPFEMALE>'s advice and get my hiney in the Gym ! 
So this week was good ... made another milestone ... 75 pounds ! I am EXCITED to say the least ... then took on babysitting ALL weekend , but have had fun and now I am pooped out ! Got to spend some time with my horse and the rest of her barn mates ... the kids love it ! 
Finally Friday ! I thought it would never come and end this stupid week ! Looking forward to going the Erie County fair on Sunday with my Mom , friends and some family ... not cheating ! and then Monday off ! 
Had a very busy weekend ... did the Erie County fair on Sunday ... had fun .... it was ssssooooo HUMID ! But , I did cheat ... and I weighed in before I left , I am up to 79 pounds lost !!! Could not want to eat anything bad after that ! 
Oh and looking forward to going to my cousin Krysty's wedding Saturday ... wearing a dress ... can you believe it !?... and DD for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , probably < PROPFIRST > too ... such partyers I raised ! 
Thank God it is Friday tomorrow ... just has been a very busy week , but better than last week , that is for sure ! Hope all of you have a great weekend ... looks like the weather is going to hold out until at least mid Sunday ... cannot wait for Saturday for Krysty's wedding ! A night out ! 
I have carried a child within my body ..... I have comforted a baby upon my chest ..... My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror , I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mother . 
Well ... that was an interesting evening I had at the wedding ... but managed to all have fun with the \banished ones\ " and unfortunately get sick-at the wedding-by some carbs I should not have had ! but bounced back and had some good ole ' meat and came back around ... hope everyone is feeling better .... Tony ?! " 
Ok , let's just call it 80 pounds and be done with last week ! 
What Goddess Energy Are You ? -- My Result : Lakshmi . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/335365/referrals/status?aid=1186816748 
Saw the Expendables last night with < PROPMALE > & Rae ... it started out slow , but it picked up and ended with a \bang\ " but I gotta say .... the old roster of aging action stars ... OMG ... muscles can make your skin sag too ! Poor < PROPMALE > ! LOL but < PROPFIRST > Statham on the other hand .... Oh man ! Jet < PROPFEMALE > is still awesome of COURSE ! " 
Big Brother Live DOUBLE eviction ! Woo hoo ! bye bye Matty .... so long < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Got a new pair of pet clippers and gave < PROPMALE > a haircut ... not tooooo bad , but he is still the cutest puppy in the world ! 
Yum ... making Zulash ... Goulash with Zucchini instead of pasta ! Very good ! My brother invented it , and luckily renamed it , it used to be called Glop ! LOL ! Boy this weather is beautiful ... hot but still nice ! I wish it would stay until next spring ! 
Got a new computer , the boys are coming to set it up and have dinner ... cannot wait to see my babies ... 23 on the 9th ... I cannot believe it ! 
Good night all ! 
so I get my netflix DVD and I am all excited to Watch Wolverine ... the stupid thing won't play ... I hate that ! 
Ok ... off to watch Big brother from yesterday and today ... thank God for DVR's! 
Off to Utica for my youngest niece < PROPFEMALE>'s first birthday party ... seems like she was born a few months ago ... the girls and I and Mom all in one car ! Waaaahoooo ! 
Good time at the birthday party for Caitlyn .... long drive ! chillin today ... bored ! 
And STUCK on the weight loss ... week 2 of a standstill ... next week the new gym opens in Attica , gonna kill it ! 
Loving the new computer ... checking out all the fun stuff and it is soooo fast ! 
Good nite all ... long day tomorrow ! 
So tomorrow is my twin sons 23rd birthday ... I ask what kind of cake they would like ... Josh wants Chocolate , chocolate frosting and chocolate ice cream ... my true son ! < PROPFIRST > wants Marble or white with vanilla frosting and < PROPFIRST > filling ! For identical twins , they couldn't be more opposite !!! 
So I have baked both cakes , filing the chocolate with Fudge pudding and the white with triple < PROPFIRST > filling that I am making ... good thing sugar smells so sickening to me now , or there would be cheating on my food plan ... but not a < PROPMALE > ! I hope they like them ! 
Off to watch Big Brother ! Getting sick of Lane ... he doesn't need the money either ! 
Woohoo ... home early ... then off Friday and Monday ... need some time to veg ! Cannot wait for the Reunion tomorrow , and of course the twins birthday tonight ! Have a great night FB Family ! 
OMG ... I just got an update from my Twilight page ... they are Re-releasing Eclipse tonight through the 16th in honor of < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ... all you Twilight fans ... get your tickets ... I ordered online , I guess they are going FAST .... I got mine ... WOOHOO !!!! 
Well ... the reunion was fun ! I wish more were able to make it ... funny how FB brings us all together too ! 
Off to mow lawn , vacuum and give the dog a bath ! maybe a nap after ??!! 
I am still trying to catch up on my sleep from last nite ... got home 1:15 ... some of us were still going , but I tuckered out ! 
Happy Sunday everyone ... enjoy your day ! 
Taking the boys either to Shogun restaurant or Fugi Grill 
Back from the Fuji Grill 2 ... VERY Good ! we had so much fun ... Sake is pretty good ! did not have a lot ... driving ... but < PROPFIRST > is a Sake Master ! How proud .... Food is great , entertainment even better ! We sat with another family , had 7 year old Identical twins ! 
Off again today ... and up freakin ' early ! Gonna start on the spare room organization I guess ! 
Well ... Mission accomplished ! I got the spare bedroom cleaned out , the bed moved over , bedding washed and bed made , curtains < PROPMALE > in both my office and spare room , vacuuming done , rest of what the boys left washed and folded ... whew ... I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow ... NOT ! 
And yes ... it is another week stuck @ 81 pounds lost ... at least I am not gaining ! 
To my FB Twilight friends .... the Eclipse DVD will be released 12/4/10 .... YAY !!!!!! 
First day back from long weekend ... Ugghhh ! Oh well , tomorrow is already Wednesday ... Eclipse day for me and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
After the day I had today ... I am so glad it is OVER ! Oh boy , I got beat up by the Accounting \gods\ " today ! Babysitting and relaxing is it for me this weekend ! Pissed about being stuck for ANOTHER week at the same 81 pounds ! " 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and DROVE ME CRAZY at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether ... she's ... ... here with you , or in Heaven . \I love my mom very much ... \"" 
Well ... nice weekend already over ... :( Back for another Monday ... yuck ! But anything will be better than last Friday ! Have a great week all ! Stay safe and God Bless ! 
Night FB Fam ! 
Busy with Avon stuff today .... love it though ... who knew beauty can be so tiring ! Us Girls do that's who ! 
Well ... I have a sugar free Pumpkin Cheesecake in the oven , finally found a recipe that I could modify ... never knew how much fiber is in pumpkin ! I can eat that ! Thanksgiving is saved ... LOL ! Hope it comes out with good flavor ... will update tomorrow night ! 
Well , the verdict on the Sugar Free Pumpkin cheesecake is .... AWESOME ! next time I will put more cinnamon in it ... a personal preference ... my friends and kids loved it too ! and saving the best for last .... FINALLY after 1 month of plateau ... I have lost another 3 pounds this week .... 84 total ... Excited ! I was getting a little discouraged for a while there ! 
REading that Breaking < PROPFEMALE > has cast Renesmee role ... cannot wait for this movie ...!!! 
Off to take care of the horses ! 
Well , when I lifted the grain on Saturday , must have pulled something , I was sore Sunday , and ok yesterday , but last night hurt .. now I could barely move tonight ... thank God my < PROPFIRST > helped me , I could barely drive ! Gonna ice up , medicine up and relax ! 
Just got back from doing chores ... the horses are making their winter hair coats ... I dread the cold ! YUCK ! 
Did someone forget to tell me Winter came before Fall ? It is freeeezzzziiinngggg out there ! 
Wow ... awesome day with Kylee ... she is 3 going on 35 , the little Diva she is ... had fun with < PROPFEMALE > @ my birthday dinner ! YUMMY ! Had a parmesan cheese chip I am going to have to figure out how to make ! 
Off to visit some friends , then off to have some dinner with some more family ... life can really be simple and enjoyed ... trust God and the rest will happen ! Happy Sunday FB family 
GO BILLS ! 
Avon order is in ... Horses tucked in ... time to bundle in a blankie with the cutest puppy in the world ! 
Nasty weather outside , under the weather all day inside ... hoping to feel better tomorrow ... I want my Mommy ! 
Thank you SO MUCH to everyone for the Birthday wishes ... I had a great day ... working LOL ! and went to dinner with < PROPMALE > and Rae ... Tony and I are getting together this weekend ... I appreciate all of you and my thanks again ! You made my day ! 
Off today to the craft show in Letchworth Park ... it is going to be a beautiful but chilly day , so pictures will be pretty ! 
Oh , and my week of vacation officially has STARTED !!! Woo hoo ! 
Look Marty ... smiling ! 
Had a GREAT day at the Letchworth Craft show yesterday , bought some neat stuff , and < PROPMALE > is so happy he got to go too ! The weather was beautiful and got some great shots at some of the lookouts ... will post them soon ! 
Waiting for the cable guy ! It is pretty chilly out today ... looks like the whole week is going to be yucky ! 
Dr appt today and off to go through some of my Dad's stuff ... not looking forward to that ... forget the mascara today ! Wow is it ever cold out ! I am SO not ready for winter ! 
Days end ... got through Dad's stuff , all this accumulation for what ? Makes you wonder what it is all for ... then you look at your children and family and realize it is for them ... the sacrifices , hard work and time spent ... legacy ... 
What a cold gloomy day ... watched movies today ! 
WOW ... what a weekend to end my vacation ! Friday night with some of the school gang to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > @ Bohns and Johnny's ... great to see everyone ! Babysitting Saturday and watching Cheerleading , then out with friends and my sons on Sat night , lots of festivities there at the Pizza Pantry ... then Brown's < PROPFIRST > Patch Sunday with < PROPFEMALE > for her birthday ! Lots of fun ! and walking ... LOL 
1 more pound this week ... total 85 ... getting there but feels like walking through tar ! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , post this ! 
It's Mommy Week ! Repost this with the date and time you first became a mommy ! September 9th 1987 1:11 AM and again at 1:13 AM ! I'm so proud to be a mommy to the best boys ! 
I thought I was done with mowing the lawn for the year , but I just HAD to mow it 1 more time .... now it can frost ! NO SNOW though !!! Saw first sign of geese flying south too ... they are late this year 
I'M A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this .. I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my WORST then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my BEST . . 
Yesterday I paid off my furniture .. IT IS MINE ! 
Making chili today , the boys are coming over to watch the game and then a movie and < PROPFEMALE > out .... I think < PROPFEMALE > is coming too before she has to work .... going to be a fun day .. hoping < PROPFEMALE > comes too ! 
New pictures .... still @ 85 , but not giving in ... it will start coming off soon ! 
Off to Tully's then to see \Due Date\ " with Deb .... can't wait ! " 
Off to visit with my GREAT friend one of the BEST in the world , < PROPFEMALE > , to catch up on all the girl stuff ! 
To all the Veterans out there ... GOD BLESS YOU ALL , and THANK YOU for your bravery , devotion and service to this country ! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you know a Veteran , love a Veteran , or support the troops . Honoring All Who Served 
So here it is , November 13th and 1 of the local radio stations is ALREADY sprinkling Christmas music throughout the day ! What the heck ? I LOVE Christmas , but there is plenty of time for it AFTER Thanksgiving ! 
Ok ... 86 pounds ... 1 at a TIME !!!! UGGH ! LOL ... 
Ok ... took 4 children and a dog for a walk after dinner ... dark out but still somewhat warm ... I can't believe how nice it is for the middle of November ... and 10 months ago I would have NEVER even thought of taking a walk at all !!! 
It freaking figures ! The Bills win and we didn't get to see it !!!! MAD ! 
Off to prepare for the dreaded Monday ! yuck ! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for .... fear ..... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! ... Let's see how many ... < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
Off to take care of horses , then come back to pack up Avon goodies ... My shoulder is killing me , don't know what I did ... but 800 MG of Ibuprofen helps ! 
Whew ... massive Thanksgiving dinner shopping , and a little mixed in Christmas shopping too ! Unload , now off to dinner and movie with < PROPFEMALE > ! Taking a load off ! 
If you like Action/Comedy movies ... you MUST see RED ! Of course < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a plus .. but what an awesome and entertaining movie ... LOVED it ! 
Still trying to get rested up from cooking for Thanksgiving ... now need to focus on SHOPPING ! 
Mondays seem to be the fastest coming days of the week .... yuck ! 
Well , I don't have a vehicle , while driving down the Kensington last night coming home from work , apparently , the rear end decided to give way and now it will cost me over $500 to fix ... just before Christmas ! I'll be riding the bus for a while ! Yippee ... :( 
Well , decorating the house for Christmas put me in a little better mood , mind off the Jeep for a while ! I'm all done ! 
Well ... sometime between last Friday after Thanksgiving and staying the same , and this morning ... I lost 8 more pounds .... totaling 94 ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ! Could have been walking all over hell's half creation in the back of Buffalo in the cold after the bus left me in the middle of no where ... and being scared ! 
27 hours until Twilight \Eclipse\ " is released !!! Yahoooo ! " 
DID I MENTION I HATE WINTER !!!!!!!! 
Headed out shopping ... food & Christmas .... hoping to get together with < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Well , forecast for more snow ... but today is the girls birthday party in Medina ... so North should be good ... bowling here we come ! 
Freezing , off to bundle up in blankets ... furnace is @ 68 but feels colder ! Horses tucked in , kids all birthday presented out ... busy day ! Good night all ! 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas Tree ... I already have one in Heaven looking down on me ..... put this for your status .... if you have someone in Heaven you wish could be with you this Christmas !! 
WOOHOO ! Christmas shopping here we come ! 
Well ... have I mentioned .. I HATE winter ! come on 80 degrees ! The most I want to see of white on Christmas is a short morning frost ! Shopping to do ! Night FB family 
I wish all of you a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and blessings to all of you and your families ! 
Well .... Christmas shopping is DONE !!! and over half wrapped ! Yeah ... I hate wrapping ! 
Low Carb Shortbread Cookes - approx 2 carbs per cookie/20 per batch\ 
Preheat oven 300 deg\ 
1 cup soft butter , 1/2 cup Splenda , 1 tsp vanilla , 1 cup soy flour , 1 cup almond flour\ 
mix together , drop 20 balls on parchment paper , carefully flatten . Bake 25-30 < PROPFEMALE > , let cool . Also , for another 2 carbs per cookie , warm some Polaner sugar free w/fiber jam , any flavor and dollop on cookie for l/c version of jam thumbprints ! 
So many things to be thankful for this year .... next year promises to be even better ! Here comes the rest of my weight loss and a new me ! 
Ok , coming clean ... I cheated for the last 4 days , I cannot wait to eat healthy again ! And ... I found out Carbs make me grumpy !!!! 
Got new tires on the Jeep today .... OMG ... what a difference ! Now I won't slide out into Broadway just trying to roll to a stop ! Didn't want to spend the $550 , but it was sOOO worth it ! 
Well ... back on track ... new hair color ( tinsel gone) ! LOL ! And trying to get to that goal for the new year ! Hope everyone has a great week ! 
Thankful that we have a 3 day weekend coming up ! Woo Hoo ! Enjoy the night all and stay warm ... I hate winter !!!!! 
Whoa ... glad to be back down in a lot smaller sizes ... went shopping for the first time for clothes and boy , it actually felt good , and I left the store feeling happy instead of upset ! 
Day at the Easter Hills mall ... a new sweater , experienced < PROPMALE > and Busters ... Fun ! and good food , hit the sugar free < PROPFEMALE > store ... yummy sugar free frozen yogurt and fun with Jill ... priceless ! Exhausted ! 
I must say ... for a rotten winter weekend , I enjoyed myself ! Shopped Friday night and Saturday ... put all the Christmas stuff away like I had planned on Sunday and snuck in a nap too ! Today , movies with my boys and < PROPFEMALE > , Dilemma ... funny !! then Low carb lunch @ < PROPFEMALE > Garden .. great ... now I don't want to go back to work , but at least we don't have a \work\ " Monday ! " 
Off to go out into the cold ! Yuck ... but have to tuck in the horses ! Good night FB ! 
Can it get any freakin ' colder out .... oh wait ! Yes tomorrow it will be ! I HATE winter !! 
Thankyou girls for coming to the Tastefully Simple party .... had fun with the fam and friends .... even as cold as it is ! YUUUMMMY ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Off to put the Avon order in .... night FB Fam ! 
What a heck of a day ! Whoooo ! So glad it is Friday and sleep in tomorrow will be SOOOO Welcome ! Off to Moe's Southwest Grill with some friends ... arguing with myself about getting a < PROPFEMALE > or not ! Not carb friendly , but emotionally friendly ! 
Excited ... off to Disney on Ice tonight with the girls ! Fun !!!!! 
Wow it's really cold again !!!! off to the movies with my boys and < PROPFEMALE > today ... then to < PROPFEMALE>'s for dinner ! Not much better than friends and family ! 
May not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be someone's first choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past ... but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am ... or watch me as I walk away . Post this if you're proud of being you !! 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died & his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke & some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old .. most are gelded . FREE & papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . Please copy & paste this on your statu 
couldn't sleep ... so here I am ! 
It's nieces ' week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces or great nieces that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
Horses tucked in , Avon order done ... off to watch what is left of the Super bowl commercials ! Yuck , Monday again !!! 
Wow ... is winter EVER going to be over !!!! -15 with the wind chill ? Really ? 
Oooohhh my new every 2 is up with Verizon ... thinking about getting the Iphone 4 ... any advice from anyone ? 
