needs to learn how to go to bed earlier . 

I really don't like doing Japanese homework ... and I have a terrible headache . ;-; 
is so glad to have internet access in her home again . 
why am I so tired and have so much homework to finish ? 
It's official . Today has been the worst day of my life . 
I love how I got to school RIGHT when the busses left . 
can't believe my last first marching band competition is over with . 
Last Tuesday band practice . EVER . ;-; 
is staying home sick and has to miss AP English and Latin club :( 
good luck to everyone performing in the Christmas Chapel 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
loves poetry Fridays . 
finally bought my skis ! I'm so excited for Tahoe . :D 
The Oscars were amazing . 
I HATE being sick !! 
Hakone gardens wa totemo utsukushii desune ! ???????????????????? 
should learn to stop procrastinating and DO HER WORK !! 
I officially love the book < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blarg . I think my brain has been devoured by germ bugs . Gosh , i hate being sick . 
Finished < PROPFEMALE > . Good day . :) 
Senior recital tonight . I'm so nervous ! 
can't wait for band BBQ . 
Congratulations to all the graduated seniors . I love you all so much ! 
my face hurts from smiling so much all day . :D 
is leaving for Hawaii today ! :) 
just watched Toy Story for the first time in 6 years . Best Pixar film EVER ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
It feels great to be home . 
TOY STORY 3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh gosh , I think I'm in love . 
ice cream + a swollen face = good combination 
Hooray , I have to take MORE antibiotics . 
I can finally walk around my house without limping , but I still can't move 4 of my toes . 
I forgot how my I adore Disney's Beauty and the Beast . 
Inception is now my favorite movie of all time . 
SJS orientation today . 
After over a year of waiting I finally have my iPhone ! 
is suffering from marching band withdrawal . 
had an amazing day at < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World is awesome ! 
Moving in to my dorm room tomorrow . I'm really nervous . 
SJS marching band doesn't march flute . What is this madness ? 
I've gone to Fallen London ! http://www.fallenlondon.com 
In the street , you pass a tall , cheerful man with a brisk manner , a stovepipe hat and a row of br ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/269507 
I think I'm the only person peculiar enough to go giddy over the realization that I'm finally making some friends in college . 
I love listening to the drum line practice from my dorm room . :) 
3 hours and 1,000 words to write ... oh dear . 
Band people make me so hyper . :D 
Leaving for Disneyland tomorrow !! 
Good luck at your first competition Valley Christian Marching Band & Color Guard !! 
Going to Independence tonight to watch the band . :) 
listening to A Very Potter Musical soundtrack while reading The Half Blood < PROPMALE > ... I really need to stop enjoying myself and get work done . 
finished reading The Deathly Hallows , already a day well spent . 
I wish my A Very Potter Musical soundtrack would download faster . 3 hours , really ? 
Preview of Championships and HP : The Deathly Hallows Part 1 tonight !! So excited ! 
The VCHS Marching Band & Color Guard won 2nd place with a score of 87.30 , best general effect , and best visual effect at championships . Congratulations everyone !! 
I have discovered the most amazing show on Boomerang . It's called The Centurions , a late 80's American sci-fi cartoon animated in Japan . It's a bizarre mix of comic superheros , < PROPFEMALE > Trek , and Japanese mecha . \ 
\ 
Oh , and did I mention there's a cybernetic T-Rex ? All your attempts to dispute are futile . 
Officially done with finals . That means I can read the Lord of the Rings trilogy , play video games , watch Dr. Who , and do what ever the heck I want for an entire month !! 
Off to Tahoe and I'm super hyper and I had a marching band dream last night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone ! 
Utena marathon and sleep over with < PROPFEMALE > = 24 hours well spent 
After three months of waiting , I finally have my Tangled < PROPMALE > book !! It's 158pgs of beauty . 
The amazing moment when you are in the dinning hall , hear the Torchwood opening , think you're loosing your mind , then hear Captain < PROPFIRST>'s voice and realize one of the TVs is stationed on BBC < PROPFEMALE > . 
Heading to Tahoe with my dad and < PROPFEMALE > . So excited ! 
