Apparently i don't write very many happy words in my fb statuses . So ... smiles , sunshine , babies , puppies , rainbows , Jesus , peace , joy , friends , family , laughter , and happiness . I can't think of any more off of the top of my head . 

I'm definitely not ready to leave the country on Friday . 
I'm sorry for falling off the face of the earth . Hopefully , i will resurface soon , but probably not this week . 
is excited to sleep in her own bed again . 
I hate house cleaning !!!! 
slllllleeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppyyyyyy , but some how , facebook won't let me go to bed . 
I have way too much stuff that I don't even like , and now I am drowning in it trying to decide what to take to college . I't gross . 
It's depressing that I skipped GO to clean and write thank you notes . I don't want to do it anymore . 
I don't want to start school on my birthday again . And I thought college would be different than high school . 
what was I thinking ? it is really never a good idea to try and ride 24 < PROPMALE > on a bike in one day . 
officially moved in to Case . I can now actually call myself a college student , but I think I will miss home a bunch . 
hey thanks everyone for the Birthday messages . :) i was surprised by how many i got . 
need a new profile picture , but I don't have any more pictures of me that i like . 
i'm bored so my plan is to amuse myself with many pointless facebook quizzes that really tell me nothing about my life . 
I get to go home !!! enough said . 
rain rain , go away . come again some other day . :( 
I don't want to grow up . I'm a toys-r-us kid . 
sigh , I don't like < PROPMALE > homework . 
is going to start using the word Fortnight . 
yay for teacher's car troubles , because they get me out of class today . 
Procrastinating is bad , yet I can't stop doing it . 
I wish I had brought my rain boots and a rain coat to college . 
it's amazing to me that I can't find any pictures of myself that i like . 
farm work + Pie making = one tired < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPMALE > Tests = das ist nicht gut . 
Does anyone have < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Chen's phone number ? I left my coat at their house and would like to get it back . 
I'm fed and happy . It's one of the best feelings in the world . 
sleepy , sleepy , sleepy . Always sleepy . 
Gone to Fayetteville , be back Monday . 
Contacts annoy me . It's even more annoying that I can't see without them . 
No me gusta alemán . < PROPFEMALE > muy dificil . 
fire #3 . some boy is going is going to die ... because I am outside in the cold . It's only a microwave . It's not that difficult to work . 
Bored at work ... so i'm on facebook ? that's wierd . 
my facebook is acting screwy . 
I really don't have time for Facebook right now . Someone take it away from me . 
Bored and facebook quizzing , maybe I should do some homework . 
I really just need to sleep , but I have no time for it . 
I can't believe I missed the barn dance this year !!!! It's really really upsetting to me . 
In my life , when it rains , it pours . And right now seems to be monsoon season . 
I'm thinking a nap would be a good idea right now . 
Today , I feel loved . 
So much to do , and yet so little motivation . 
I am concocting a plan , and it involves a car and California . Neither of which do I have access to . hmm ... 
In case any one is bored and in < PROPMALE > on Saturday night , I have a choir concert at 7:30 at Harkness Chapel . It's on Bellflower on Case Campus , and its free . So come visit me . 
Words , why do you always let me down when I need you ? 
really , really , really doesn't want to do all of the work she has to do . 
I love the girls on my floor :) 
Why is it so cold ? 
I'm giving up facebook ! i will not go back on until next monday . 2 reasons ... 1 . I don't think it is good that I am so attached to it . 2 . I don't have time to do anything extra until after I am done with my schoolwork this week . see you again a week , facebook . 
enough is enough . Go do you work !!! 
I think fb is taking my soul and I need to quit this business . 
I need to stop thinking . My mind is just getting in the way . 
so I'm back at school now . :/ 
So today I had an adventure ... 
Note to self : barefoot frisbee with boys in cleats is a bad idea . 
I wish for sunshine . I think that would make everything that much better . 
Ouch 
Why can't I be 2 places at once ? It would make everything so much easier . 
And now on to math homework . boo . 
I need motivation .................................................!? 
facebook .... the bane of my existence . 
I'm really happy right now . :) 
Resents being the panda who sits in the corner and waits her turn . 
\urrr and grrrr\ " : a quote from my mother . " 
< PROPMALE > , why do you have so many verbs ? 
Sunshine , you make me happy , but why are you only outside when I am stuck in . 
\Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition ! \"" 
I don't have time for these shenanigans . 
I don't want to write 2 papers in 2 days . :( 
Disney songs = the best therapy in the world , and so much cheaper than real therapy . 
I might break down and drink coffee . Where have my morals gone ? 
Which is more important ? productivity or happiness ? 
so , I'm home for 5 days , if anyone from Amherst area wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me , lemme know . :) 
You are going the wrong way , and I don't know how to tell you . I don't know how to save you from the pain that will come later . 
I'm confused . 
Today + sunshine + < PROPFEMALE > w = happiness :) 
I got to paint yesterday , and now my fingers are all funny colored ! :) Yay for arts and crafts ! 
sorry guys but i'm going underground for the next 2 weeks until everything I have to do gets accomplished . No more fb for me until April 17th . If you need me call or text . 
I failed . 
i need a rest . Hurry up , summer break , why are you 3 whole weeks away ? 
Disney taught me that a dream is a wish your heart makes when you are fast asleep . If that's true , then I wish for an orange corvette and a sketchy donut warehouse . My mind is a mess . 
is sorry she had to stifle the urge to just run outside and dance in the rain . Now she missed a really cool rainstorm . 
can't think of anything to say that isn't whiny about school . 
So many pictures !!!! 
loves swing sets so much !!! 
My brain hurts just thinking of all the studying that needs to be done in the next 2 days . 
blech ... done . 
has been exposed to robot unicorn attack and is laughing at all the < PROPMALE > boys for playing it so much . 
is officially an aunt as of 3:43 this morning !!!! :) 
just wiped out in a giant mud puddle . I can't decide if it was more fun to play in than it was annoying to be covered in mud afterward . :) 
is that better ? 
believes fresh homemade strawberry shortcake can solve all of your problems , even if it is a pain to make . 
starts a job tomorrow . I'm glad to have something to do . 
is not sure what to do with this information . 
lives in a house filled with pie . She's one happy camper . :) 
is going on a tour of the browns stadium tomorrow . Is that fun ? 
may have bruised her tailbone . Yay for roller blading : my new favorite way to hurt myself ! 
thinks it is all GROSSSSS !! 
How do I write 93 birthday thank yous ? I feel really repetitive . But thank you all the same . It was sweet to be thought of by so many people in one day . 
has officially been disillusioned from her dreams of having a beauty and the beast library . Unless it comes with enchanted servants to clean it of course . 
I should just go to sleep rather than take pointless quizzes . 
hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > and i like to read ! 
i also like to < PROPFEMALE > out with cool people .. aka < PROPFIRST > poland and < PROPMALE > miller ! 
smells like Tolstoy after he stayed up all night writing ' < PROPFEMALE > Karenina ' 
Dear Case Western , If you have to send an email to all of your students to inform them that they do in fact have classes today , then in reality we probably shouldn't be having class today . Apparently common sense is not something taught at your college . \ 
love , < PROPFEMALE > 
