“I didn’t give you the gift of life , But in my heart I know . The love I feel is deep and real , As if it had been so . For us to have each other Is like a dream come true . No , I didn’t give you The gift of life , Life gave me the gift of you . ” – Unknown 

is EXCITED for his annual Easter Egg Hunt tommorrow ! He just finished stuffing 250 plastic eggs with money and < PROPFEMALE > , plus has 17 chocolate bunnies to hide ! WOOT WOOT ! 
knows God is a mighty God ! He is praying for God to touch the hearts of all his parents . There is hope for attachment issues , but they will have to be STRONG and WILLING even when it goes against their original parenting belief system ! 
gets to pick up his honors stole for his first college graduation tomorrow morning ! Now , just a few more years left for his Masters . sigh 
had a great time with 4 boys at the CIRCUS , even if he is down 200.00 ! Who knew !? 
wishes heaven accpeted phone calls . Happy Mother's Day to a woman who NEVER gave up on her adopted son despite the hidden battles . If she only knew the man he is today ! 
wants you to know : A CHILD WILL NOT ATTACH TO AN ANGRY CARE-GIVER ! 
wants you to know punishment means : Me getting back at you for the way you made me feel ! 
is excited ! < PROPFIRST > has been selected to participate in the School Talent Show next week . I am over-joyed to see him wanting to be a participant in a school activity . 
was told fat people can't run . So , he ran the Des Moines Half Marathon at 309 lbs . to prove them wrong ! 
is doing the HAPPY DANCE ! He just got off the phone with The University of Iowa , and he is part of the 50% who gets accepted into the School of Social Work ! Masters here I come ! 
was able to enjoy Smokey Robinson tonight thanks to Dr. < PROPFIRST > with Iowa State University ! Now , off to bed for an early meeting in the morning . 
wonders why college is so EXPENSIVE ! He has to take a summer class that is 1024.00 ! Seriously , for just one class ? MAN ! 
is EXCITED to see one of his FAVORITE co-workers twice this week ! I get to see her in Des Moines on Thursday and Cedar Rapids on Friday ! 
got to have lunch with a therapist & speaker known around the world for her work on attachment ! It was so nice to be in her training and then get her one-on-one attention during lunch ! Go < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gulden ! 
believes there is nothing like a little cup of ambition ! In one week he has completed half his summer course work for his class ! Hey ! He is on a deadline folks ! 
was informed by his son , < PROPMALE > that God was his REAL father ! That is music to his ears ! 
didn't make Father of the Year after forgeting sunscreen ! We are all in PAIN ! Would you like a < PROPFIRST > of butter with your lobster ? 
just had an interesting Father's Day visit ! His oldest son , now 21 stopped by to tell him he wasn't such a bad dad after all ! < PROPMALE > had/has SEVERE Attachment challenges/deficits . < PROPFIRST > was able to make peace with him , and tell him , had he known the things he knows now , parenting would have been A LOT different ! 
could really benefit from learning the word NO ! Nonetheless , it looks like this arrangement will be ALL summer long ! Oh , happy days ! 
discovered the benefit to locking himself in his room this week ! He has now completed ALL assignments for his college class ! Just gotta take the tests ! Woot , Woot ! 
is spending the weekend doing respite for a child from Russia with lots of attachment challenges/deficits ! I LOVE a good challenge ! 
officially has a TEENAGER ! Happy 13th birthday < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
does NOT recommed taking a child with attachment challenges/deficts to Toy Story 3 ! I was adopted and at 35 years old I left that movie feeling a sense of abandonment ! I had one nail bitter the whole time . UGH ! 
has a house full of 5 boys , three of them teenages , and he still believes there is NOTHING greater to experience than being a DAD ! 
was excited to get this note from his UI professor : You ended up with a 95 percent A for the class . Considering how quickly you flew through it that is very good . Best wishes with the BSW program ! 
is taking a leap of faith ! The boys are so much healthier these days , so they are taking their first ever bike trip down the street with a friend to get snow cones . My heart is racing ! 
Often times children with attachment have All or nothing thinking and believe themselves to be ALL bad ! Thus , using parts language helps them to realize there are MANY parts to them ! I am helping my families make parts picture frames with many different parts of the child ! 
doesn't think the boys better ask for any more back-to-school clothes ! We shopped again today ! They now have 15 outfits each , 3 pairs of shoes each , and 1 pair of flip-flops each ! Dad got 3 Hawkeye T's and the 914.00 < PROPMALE > !! 
is still exhausted ... 6 garbage bags full of clothes & shoes , and 200 hangers later the boys have organized closets and dressers ! I knew they had a lot of clothes , just didn't realize they each had well over 100 shirts alone ! 
and boys went shopping for school supplies for < PROPMALE > & Adoptive children who were in need . They had a great time as a family helping other families ! 
It's official the boys are getting a trip to London , England and Europe for Christmas to be used during Spring Break ! Woo Hoo ! 
It has been a GREAT Christmas spending it with friends , and two MOST amazing gifts from God ! Love my boys ! 
Your words , your wisdom still lead change in our Nation ! Hate cannot drive out hate , only love can do that ! Thank you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! The Lord shows us mercy , yet we don't offer it to one another . Why ? 
Everybody wants happiness , and nobody wants pain . However , you cannot have a rainbow without a little rain ! 
