Only 3hrs and 15min to go !! go 2010 !! 

having a lazy day ! haha i needed this ! ( a vacation from my vacation ) 
< PROPFEMALE > bored !!!! i really should think of better things to put here ... haha 
going to bonfire today !! so psyched ! =] ( yes i just said \psyched \")" 
bonfire was awesome !!! still tired ... haha 
... hmmm .... ok i give up ... XD but i will find something to put here later !!! 
spent all day in Boston , now going to go see fireworks !!! yay ! explosions !! 
HAPPY 233rd BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
... < PROPFEMALE > days win ... haha its official 
this status is deffinitely not about the weather .... 
decided being exhausted from actual physical work beats being tired for no reason at all XD 
going to Berkshires sunday-wednesday ! haha middle of nowhere here i come ! ( i know u missed me ) 
ok nevermind ignore my last status XD ... < PROPFIRST>'s coming wed-sun and then i go there next sun to wed . and fair thursday !!! yay !! 
Fair yesterday was awesome !!! today going to the beach ! 
going to the Berkshires tommorow ! 
IN THE BERKSHIRES ! ( i added caps to make it more exciting ) 
is HOME ! finally XD 
Went to the beach ! luckily didnt get burnt this time ! haha 
todays menu : nothing with a side of nothing and wonderfull nothing sauce of boredom ... haha 
Shadows help us realize that for every light there is a darkness . 
\I guess one man's trash is the next man's treasure . One man's pain is the next man's pleasure . \"" 
... going to start my summer reading ... thats right \START\ " XD haha " 
already almost done with Feed ! it's actually not as bad as i thought itd be XD 
finished Feed !! 1 down 1 to go ! 
Just noticed that todays my half birthday !!! 
Bout half way done with the namesake !! Which is actually not as bad as i thought it would be ... 
SCHOOL STARTS IN A WEEK ! and yes i kinda just relaized this not too long ago XD 
Going to soccer practice , wish me luck !! 
finally doing my spanish summer reading haha ... 
SCHOOL TOMMOROW ! ( for those of you who haven't yet noticed ) 
First day was fun !! Back to procrastinating homework again !! 
Soccer was exhausting !! Being tackled by fat kids isnt exactly what i was hoping for in our first scrimage XD 
Game in Nantucket tommorow !! Wish me luck ! 
game was slaughter at Nanutcket yesterday ... 
THUNDER STORM !! 
just got back from soccer ... thts right JUST . stupid sagamore bridge repairs ! >=[ 
1-1 Sturgis JV vs . Falmouth Academy !! AMAZING game !!! 
Procrastination ... it finally caught up with me XD haha 
don't know exactly which team we're playing XD ... but THEYRE GOING DOWN ! 
lost 4-2 but they had 20yr olds < PROPFEMALE > yeah i think that was pretty good XD 
heavy rain = awesome 
i found an agenda in my backpack ... umm theres no name in it haha . if your missing yours and you take geometry , chemistry , theater , and i think latin 3 then let me know ... and yes i checked XD 
JV ties 2-2 !!! < PROPMALE > scored a goal !! and i lost my voice from singing songs on the way back ... 
Sturgis lights game tommorow !! Then < PROPMALE>'s afterwards ! JV at 5:30 Varisty at 7 , come support us ! 
going to krystals party ! =] 
PSAT's and playing Nantucket tommorow ... oh it's going to be fun day ... 
I now officially declare tommorow will be the best day ever ... so it better be ! 
< PROPMALE > is here !!! yay 
Basically no homework !!! Finally i can get some sleep !! Game tommorow at Weymouth , getting pumped already >=] 
HALF DAY TOMORROW !! = no homework and no soccer practice tommorow either !! finally i can relax XD 
Can't wait for spirit week !! Pj's here i come >=] 
Not feeling too well =/ and not sure what to be tommorow ... well see how this turns out 
BRRRAAAIIINNSSSS !!! ( zombie twin day tommorow ) 
HALLOWEEN !!! >=] MWUHAHAHAHA 
had way too much < PROPFEMALE > ... can't stop eating it !!! i think i'm addicted 
My brother's shadowing tommorow !! ( his name is < PROPFIRST > ... this way you all can pretend to know who he is XD ) 
Playing an old Pokemon game I just found .. im that cool XD 
Connor + Will + my house + me = BADONKADONK 
as we speak I am in BestBuy , saw The Box and still confused ... 
Can't believe how fast i actually finished my hw when i put the phone away XD 
Might go see 2012 soon !! Homework ... yet to be determined 
Vacation = A necessary break from the torture that is called school . 
Happy Thanksgiving !! Watching the parade on tv XD 
Just finished eating . Stuffed .. but still room for desert .. ALWAYS room for desert >=] 
... homework we meet again .... 
< PROPMALE > KEEFE IS OVER !!! 
Just got back from the mall . Dance tommorow should be fun !! 
Looking up how to tie a tie ... XD semi later ! 
Liked the Semi !! but didnt like the music choice much ... and sorta diappointed . thisll just make the next one even better !! 
SNOW !!! finally ! hope it lasts =) 
SNOW DAY !! another excuse to procrastinate ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody !! ( even if i dont celebrate XD ) 
aww the snows melting ... 
Just saw Avatar ... what an awesome movie !! 
Hey there 2011 nice to meet you , please dont suck . Thanks . 
oh homework how i missed you ... 
R.I.P. Skipper =( ( btw thats my parakeet if you dont know XD ) 
midterms ... joy .. oh so much joy 
MIDTERMS ARE OVER !!!! BADONKADONK WITH Connor Read 
I'M ON A BOAT WAS NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY !!! MY LIFE IS MADE XD 
No School Tommorow !! =) 
only ONE more day till vacation !! 
Watching the OLYMPICS !!! 
THREE DAYS CONCERT LATER !!! 
... sooo tired from the concert 
can't believe only 3 more days till vacations over !! NOOOOOO !!! 
Last day of vacation ... and last day of being 15 !! 
YES !! 16 now ! always thought itd be so far away XD haha 
feeling a bit better .. probably going to school tommorrow XD now that my homework from yesterday is finally done 
Had lots of fun at < PROPFIRST>'s party !! exhausted now though .. i didn't know I could be this sore .. curse you KE$HA and Lady GaGa .. 
Was in school almost 12hrs today haha .. 
Just got back from D.I. regional championships !! WE WON !!! now to prepare for states ... fun .. 
I actually woke up this morning feeling like P . Diddy ... 
... WHY AM I STILL OBSESSED WITH RISE AGAINST ?! 
refereeing classes ALL day ... sooo exciting 
got my refereeing badge !! 
... just figured out i really like raggaeton .. I guess my latino blood JUST kicked in XD 
3RD PLACE AT D.I. STATE CHAMPIONSHIP !! 
sometimes i wish i could just flip a coin to make a decision .. haha 
ahhh ! so close to April Break ... but yet so far ... 
sometimes I wish I was Ash Ketchum ... but anyways .. PARTY LATER !! :D 
really fun weekend !!! and now homework .. the ultimate killjoy 
VACATION !!!! 
I think 6 free ice cream cones for the day should do it ... 
After 3 months I can once again download music !!!! Here goes to a long night ... 
Need to find someone who can take of my dog ( WATSON ) between July 19 and August 3 while my family is in Morocco . Anyone interested ? XD 
Good job at Fools everyone !! It was AWESOME !! 
Reffing ... then carwash ... then < PROPFEMALE>'s . sounds like a good day :) 
it feels like summer !!! ... but I still have hw D: 
So , God made < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > was walking around one day and realized that he was lonely , so he asked God for a companion . God said , \I can make a woman for you . She will cook and clean and do everything you ask her to . She will wait on you hand and foot . She will be so beautiful that you won't be able to take your eyes off of her . It's gonna cost you an arm and a leg 
Gotta find a home for Watson for July 19 - August 5 ... willing to pay $100 if anyone's interested ? 
I NOW DECLARE IT SUMMER !! ( even if it sorta isnt yet ... ) 
Summer needs to come now ... 
I think Canada is trying to smoke us all out of < PROPFEMALE > .. first step to taking over the world 
if you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge . 
ahh ok 2 down ... 5 more to go .. then SUMMER !!! I can do this ... 
Math English and Theatre to go .. time to study .. hahahaha who am i kidding 
is now officially a < PROPMALE > !! 
Portugal wins against North Korea 7-0 !! poor fake North Korean fans ... 
Watching Chile about to kick Brazil's ass 
ignore my last status ... i forgot you cant be optimistic when playing Brazil ... 
Exactly two weeks till Morocco !! 
Finally got my permit ! barely .. but still got it ! 
Well Gyan finally screwed up .. so dissapointed in Ghana . my african pride is killing me haha 
beach was fun ... morocco in 10 days !! 
ESPANA VA A GANAR LA COPA MUNDIAL !! 
SPAIN WINS !!! SPAIN WINS !!! ESPANA !!!! :D 
Going to Rome tommorow ! Then Morocco !! 
flight delayed till 9:45 ... wont get to rome till noon there . 8 hour flight .. thats right im time travelling ! 
In Morocco finally ... after a long .. long trip 
haha Moroccan chicks keep checking me out XD and im actually one of the whitest people here haha 
soooo many knockoffs at the market here XD .. today i dined on snails and water from a goatskin . everyone should be jealous :P 
food poisoning is soooo pleasant .. especially when its 100 degrees ... 
Now in Marrakech , suprised i even have connection here ... saying it is hot here would be a huge understatement .. 
Bought a knife sword thing at the market !! 
correction to last status .. what i bought is in fact a dagger .. im not sure security will like that 
Leaving for airport tonight , getting home 1pm .. finally get to RELAX 
just got back from Morocco only to get a ride from the airport by an Algerian in 90 degree weather .. not exactly as much as a < PROPFIRST > as i was hoping 
jet lag sucks ... its lke midnight in my head right now 
Great day today :) .. but mini golf is not really my thing .. 
found a fanpage called \OMAR IS THE BEST PERSON TO PLAY HIDE AND SEEK WITH IN THE DARK BECUASE HE BLENDS/CAMOFLAGES INTO THE DARKNESS\ " finally someone understands me .. " 
Enjoying my last day of food and water till September 10th .. happy ramadan everyone ... 
hungry already .. 
... im in a tent 
finally starting summer reading 
Just finished A Long Way Gone .. Kite Runner to go .. 
hanging out with some loser by the name of < PROPFEMALE > Kreitzer today .. 
just woke up .. im so gunna miss summer 
Just noticed todays my half bday !! :D unimportant .. but exciting 
Well i finally finished my August 1st spanish post .. now to read kite runner in a week .. isn't procrastination GREAT ?? 
Soccer + Ramadan = A great way to lose 5lbs in 4hrs .. 
just found out im part native american .. thanks google 
... oh look at that school today .. yay ... 
first day of school over with .. how long till next vacation ?? 
THANK GOD FOR < PROPMALE > .. two days of school was already too much 
i think ill try this year .. starting right after i get off facebook .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Kreitzer said her brother smells \yummy\ " .. idk how exactly that makes me feel .. " 
Halo Reach .. enough said 
going to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s fair with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! and oh yeah < PROPFEMALE > Ohm , < PROPFEMALE > Ohm ad he bf .. hahahaha .. and oh yeah some chick called < PROPFEMALE > Kreitzer ? we're THAT cool .. 
i got a goal !! yeah no big deal or anything .. i mean it happens ALL the time . 
sick ... 
truth is ..? idk i may regret this 
Guys vote for me for < PROPMALE > Rep !! 
Just got my ass kicked by my girlfriend at halo ..... 
anyone willing to sell a TI-84 ? 
me + voleyball scrimmage + body paint = GREAT IDEA 
SCORED A GOAL !! :D 
WEAR GREEN TOMORROW JUNIORS !!! OR ILL KILL A BABY .. ok not really but wear green anyways .. 
i am a ships and sailors MASTER 
my tok essay is by far the worst thing i've ever written .. 
i am a full 69 inches tall :) 
still tired from that party ... 
had a weekend to do it .. english essay here i come ... 
left my math binder at school when I have a test first period tommorow .. along with all the homework collected .. which is in the binder . oh did I mention that I barely know the chapter and haven't done the hw ? I can smell the fail already ... 
if there was a word stronger than pissed id be using it in this .. 
FOOOOOODDDDD !!!! :D I love thanksgiving 
Suprisingly listening to Kid Cudi sing about weed helps me do my homework ... 
Cool my internets dead ... 
HAPPY POKEMON PICTURE MONTH !! ( yes this means set youre pic as a pokemon ... NOW ) 
i have figured out a solution to my pokemon/cartoon character dilemma ... i will now switch between arcanine and aladdin every day . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse and copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
i just howled at a coyote outside .. and it howled back .. yeah im that cool 
2 essays to do ... there better not be school tommorow 
so apparently now I like soukous music cause we talked about it in English class once ... only at Sturgis would this happen 
Turned in my essay at exactly 5:00 pm , which was the deadline ... talk about procrastinating 
not that i celebrate Christmas .. but have a < PROPFEMALE > one ? is that how it goes ? 
8 hours , 29 minutes , 40 seconds till 2011 !! :D 
p&b buses aren't running tommorow ! do i take them ? no . but still not going to school now . 
awww shucks , guess i cant do my spanish oral today :/ 
Youd think it wouldnt be that hard to find your calculator when it is ENTIRELY covered with your name on it ... plus I can't think of any other Omars .. so if anyones seen it please lemme know . 
English midterm tomorrow and ive only read half the slave girl ..... 
Dear whoever has my calculator , \ 
I don't know if you've noticed , but you're name is not < PROPMALE > ... and you're calculator is covered with that name . So please return it ... \ 
Thanks , \ 
The ONLY < PROPMALE > in the school 
TOK questions done ... history essay , lab , and oral to start ... words cannot express how happy i am 
silly Mubarak ... stepping down means you're not supposed to be president anymore 
Congrats Egypt on your successful peaceful protest for democracy ! History has been made !!! :) 
So I don't have to respond to anymore birthday wishes I'll just say it here .. THANK YOU !! 
girlfriend disapproves of the goatee :( 
so i did history homework ... i think thats enough for the night 
.... what day is it tomorrow ? 
after 4 hours of staring at my screen i think its time to start this essay .... 
history homework ...? nah i dont think so , nice try mr barrasso 
Looking up some dodgeball techniques ... yeah im that cool 
Friday , Friday , Gotta Get down on Friday ... 
sooo im kind of a dogeball master ... nbd 
:( 
its never a good sign when i wake up at 6 on a sunday :/ 
:/ 
looking up people i knew from florida in 2nd grade ... creepy ? i think so 
Like this and I'll tell you\ 
1 . How we met :\ 
2 . My nickname for you :\ 
3 . Feelings toward you/ about you :\ 
4 . Who are you to me :\ 
... 5 . Have we ever gone out :\ 
6 . What I like best about you :\ 
7 . What I dislike about you :\ 
8 . Favorite memory of us :\ 
9 . My first impression of you :\ 
10 . How close we are :\ 
11 . I challenge you to put it as your status ! 
i honestly do not know why im in hl math .. 
just survived the rapture ... nbd 
so i have 6 labs to do .... 
phones broken .. i can read messages but not text back it sucks :/ 
I . NEED . A . JOB . 
Just beat my record at questions right while watching Jeopardy .. yeah I am THAT cool 
Japan's goalie must have been a ninja 
Great day at the fair with < PROPFEMALE > :) .. I am by far the best squirt gun shooter this side of the Mississippi 
extended essay here I come ... ehh maybe later 
so after a 30 minute argument ..... I guess monopoly is probably not a good idea with my family 
honestly will talk to anyone right now ... 
hjgffhjknjbfjhcg 
time to do this history essay .. oh wait i think i'll sleep instead 
Had a fun night with my boys < PROPMALE > Keefe < PROPMALE > Rowell and < PROPMALE > DixonDixoff last night ! 
you know being sick and miserable with a math ia due tomorrow isnt as fun as I thought it would be .... 
So I post a 3 paragraph post after weeks of not going on managebac and it gets deleted . Just remembered why I dont go on managebac . 
