They can shoot me to death but at least I have the moral high ground . - Dr. Who 

Don't rock the jukebox . I want to hear < PROPFIRST > Jones . My heart ain't ready for the Rolling Stones . I don't feel like rockin ' since my baby's gone , so don't rock the jukebox play me a country song . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Cause I have wandered through this world and as each moment has unfurled . I've been waiting to awaken from this dream . People go just where they will I never noticed them untill I got this feeling that it's later than it seems . Doctor , my eyes , and tell me what you see . I hear thier cries , just say if it's too late for me . - < PROPMALE > Browne 
Is it bad if half my head is numb and the other half is in agony ? Whered I put my shades ?.... ugh . 
Keep having this dream about my old man Im 10 years old , and hes holding my hand Were talkin on the front porch watchin the sun go down But it was just a dream he was a slave to his job and he couldnt be around So many things I wanna say to him But I jus 
I lost all the contact info in my phone so if you get a < PROPMALE > call me so I can put you back in my phone . 
Wheres that picket fence love ? and where's that shiney car ? and did it ever get you far ? 
Divorce is final today . 
Just got home . I should go to bed but i also wanna stay up .... sigh .... 
Phone is fixed and now I have an important call to make ... sheesh the pressure . 
Gonna take a freight train down at the station . Lord I don't care where it goes . Gonna climb a mountain , the highest mountain , jump off . Nobodys gonna know . Can't you see , can't you see , What that woman does to me ? 
I need you so bad , Magic Woman I can't leave you alone . ~ Santana 
Here I am again in this mean ole town and youre so far away from me . So far away from me . So far I just cant see . 
Pub Crawl is over , my head hurts , and I cant remember where I left my pants .... sigh ... 
But here you are with your faith And your < PROPFIRST > Pan advice You have no scars on your face And you cannot handle pressure 
Its been an amazing day . I wish tonight didnt have to end . But I have a feeling I will like tomorrow too . =) 
Thank you everyone for wishing me happy birthday ! I am fortunate to have so many good friends and a family who loves me even when I'm me . As dear old Bilbo Baggins said , \I don't see half of you half as much as I would like and I like less then half of you half as well as you deserve . \ " =) Thanks for making me smile on my birthday ! " 
I've seen so many things I ain't never seen before . Don't know what it is but I don't want to see no more . 
Today has been one of THOSE days and its only 4 o'clock . Sheesh . On the good side ONLY 16 more days till my trip to England and I am sooo excited about that . 
9 Days and counting ! I can't wait !! I should start getting ready but I deffinitely can't wait ! =) 
Im leavin in 4 days ! Anyone wanna catch a few drinks before I leave ? =) 
Sheesh I am getting so excited that my trip is coming up I can't sleep . I am looking forward to the football game tomorrow . Itll only be freezing so Im sure there will be a huge turn out ! HA ! 
OK So I have like 3 more errands and Im ready to go . Tomorrow I should be able to just relax and enjoy myself . Woot ! 
Ok Scratch the 3 things list , After doing 4 things I have 2 more to do TOMORROW . Cripes . Planning and execution ... not my strong point today . 2 days till I go ! WOOT ! 
One Day to go ! Im almost ready even !! WoooHooo !!! England here I come ! 
I miss my family and my friends . Im glad to be able to experience a new and interesting place but i think there is no place like home . 
Well Im home . Sigh . Hello again . 
Yesterday , and days before , Sun is cold and rain is hard , I know , Been that way for all my time . Til forever , on it goes Through the circle , fast and slow , I know , It can't stop , I wonder . I want to know , Have you ever seen the rain ? I want to know , Have you ever seen the rain Coming down on a < PROPFEMALE > day ? 
Happy New Years Folks Hopefully Ill see some of you tonight . 
Oi ! More housework today . At least it is starting to look good now that I have the dining room set up , the front room done and washed the carpets . Now to get motivated enough to do the kitchen ... * grumble * Anyone have a flame-thrower I can borrow to melt the snow ? 
Sigh . I can't Sleep . My internal clock is still messed up . At least there is a zombie movie on . 
I just wanted you to know Sometimes driving home at night I let your memory take control And you're sitting by my side I turn up the radio And cruise down old route 59 And girl it's solid gold , well , I'll let you go I just wanted you to know 
Be still when you have nothing to say ; when genuine passion moves you , say what you've got to say , and say it hot . - D.H. < PROPFIRST > 
Look like nothing's gonna change Everything still remains the same I can't do what ten people tell me to do So I guess I'll remain the same , yes . Sittin ' here resting my bones and this loneliness won't leave me alone . It's two thousand < PROPMALE > I roamed . Just to make this dock my home Now , I'm just gonna sit at the dock of the bay Watching the tide roll away . Oooo-wee , sittin ' on the dock of the bay Wastin ' time . 
I think ill go shovel snow and try not to die from exposure . Im still waiting on that flame-thrower people ! 
AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! SO COLD ! 
I want to forget how conviction fits , but can I get out from under it ? Can I gut it out of me ? It can’t all be wedding cake . It can’t all be boiled awayI Try but I can’t let go of it . Can’t let go of it , 
OMG So Bored . Nothing is interesting me . Sigh . I guess I could find some dead animal to poke with a stick . 
STOP LOOKING AT ME ! 
I'm reaching out for something , Touching nothing's all I ever do . Oh , I softly call you over , When you appear there's nothing left of you , aha . Now the man in the back is ready to crack as he raises his hands to the sky and the girl in the corner is everyone's mourner . She could kill you with a wink of her eye ! 
I'm so hot for her , I'm so hot for her I'm so hot for her and she's so cold . I'm so hot for her , I'm on fire for her I'm so hot for her and she's so cold . I'm the burning bush , I'm the burning fire , I'm the bleeding volcano . I'm so hot for her , I'm so hot for her I'm so hot for her and she's so cold ! 
We gotta get out of this place . If it's the last thing we ever do . We gotta get out of this place . Girl , there's a better life for me and you . Somewhere baby , somehow I know it . -The Animals . 
Poke ! =) 
Being without you has turned out to be so inconvenient . And wishing I was with you just seems to use up all my time . You been gone so long that it's hard to recall just how the dream went . And all but this broken heart in me I guess is doing ' fine . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Car is fixed !!! Now for step 2 of the secret plan . ooh did I say that out loud ?? Crap ! 
I wanna ask you - Do you ever sit and wonder , It's so strange That we could be together for So long , and never know , never care What goes on in the other one's head ? Things I've felt but I've never said You said things that I never said So I'll say something that I should have said long ago : You don't know me You don't know me at all You don't know me You don't know me at all at all 
Do not go gentle into that good night , Old age should burn and rave at close of day ; Rage , rage against the dying of the light . Though wise men at their end know dark is right , Because their words had forked no lightning they Do not go gentle into that good night . 
Well I just woke up from the strangest dream I've had in some time . I went out to a bar with my dad . We had a great time drinking and talking and then went back to find the car cuz in my dream apparently alcohol doesnt make you drunk just happy . On the way back to the car we started singing a song . In my dream I didnt remember all the words but he helped me to remember by singing them . 
My sexy little dirt road sport is now called Mrs. DavenportMy pretty little black-eyed Susie’s now Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Der HoosieRosie who could blow my mind is sister < PROPFEMALE > on channel nineThe wildest lover of my life is now a federal judges wifeThey don’t want to recognize this old familiar faceI’m just a bad reminder of their wild and woolly days All my old flames have new names . 
Just got done watching Startrek and I have never both enjoyed and hated a movie at the same time . The special effects were amazing and the acting and character development were incredible . But J.J. If i see you on the street i will kick u in your change the history of all startrek and invalidate the fundamental history i enjoyed as a kid JUNK . be warned . 
When everything feels all over . When everybody seems unkind . I'll give you a four-leaf clover . Take all the worry out of your mind . Let my love open the door . Let my love open the door . Let my love open the door to your heart . I have the only key to your heart . I can stop you falling apart . Try today , you'll find this way . Come on and give me a < PROPMALE > to say Let my love open the door-Pete Townsend 
If God had wanted me otherwise , He would have created me otherwise . ~ Johann < PROPMALE > Goethe 
Oo my little pretty one , pretty one . When you gonna give me some time , Sharona ? Oo you make my motor run , my motor run . Gun it coming off of the line , Sharona . Never gonna stop , give it up , such a dirty mind . 
In the middle of the night . I go walking in my sleep . Through the valley of fear . To a river so deep . I've been searching for something . Taken out of my soul . Something I'd never lose . Something somebody stole . I don't know why I go walking at night . But now I'm tired and I don't want to walk anymore . I hope it doesn't take the rest of my life . Until I find what it is I've been looking for . 
You just slip out the back , < PROPFIRST > . Make a new plan , < PROPMALE > . You don't need to be < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . Just get yourself free . Hop on the bus , < PROPMALE > . You don't need to discuss much . Just drop off the key , < PROPFIRST > , And get yourself free . 
This killin time is killin me . Drinking myself blind thinkin I wont see . That if I cross that line and they bury me . I just might find Ill be killin time for eternity . 
I'm sure you'll have some cosmic rationale . But here you are with your faith and your < PROPFIRST > Pan advice . You have no scars on your face and you cannot handle pressure . 
And she'll promise you more than the Garden of < PROPFEMALE > . Then she'll carelessly cut you and laugh while you're bleedin . But she'll bring out the best and the worst you can be . Blame it all on yourself cause she's always a woman to me . 
I do not regret the things I've done but those I did not do . 
And all the roads we have to walk are winding . And all the lights that lead us there are blinding . There are many things that I would like to say to you , but I don't know how 
I'm Not Surprised . Not Everything Lasts . Have Broken My Heart So Many Times , I Stopped Keepin Track . Talk Myself In . I Talk Myself Out . I Get All Worked Up . Then I Let Myself Down . ~ Michael Buble , Haven't Met You Yet 
Ugh So close to having the Exercise/ Retro Gaming room in the basement set up . Now if only I had friends who like to play Atari and Nintendo or a work out < PROPMALE > . =} Anyone out there got a bright orange shag carpet for the floor ? 
I don't know how to get her off my mind but give me time , and I'll think of something . I can't say today that I'm alright but by tonight , I'll think of something . I'll find so many things to do that I won't have the time to think of her and then if she's still on my mind I'll try to drink enough to drown the hurt and if that dont work , I'll think of something . ~ Mark Chestnutt 
makin spaghetti . Anyone hungry ? 
Well I went down to the Grundy County Auction . Where I saw something I just had to have . My mind told me I should proceed with caution . But my heart said , \Go ahead an ' make a bid on that ! \"" 
Looking back at those years it seemed they had passed as days . The joys and the tragedies had yet to shape my mind to view life as I do now . Today they seem blurred , So many days having run together to make the individual details of any particular day too difficult to differentiate from another . I remember some specific experiences but can not tell when they happened or whether they occurred on a Monday or Tuesday . 
Filled out another dozen plus applications . I really hate job hunting . I can't seem to find anyone hiring for Dictator for Life .... sigh .... 
\My fear is unbound and limitless but so is my curiousity and < PROPFEMALE > to explore . \"" 
And now I'm glad I didn't know . The way it all would end the way it all would go . Our lives are better left to < PROPMALE > . I could have missed the pain . But I'd have had to miss the dance . ~ Garth < PROPMALE > 
I don't want to fake it . I just want to make it . The ornaments look pretty , But they're pulling down the branches of the Tree . ~ Cake 
Cuz it's a bittersweet symphony this life . Try to make ends meet , youre a slave to the money then you die ..... No change I can change I can change ..... 
You got me begging you for mercy . Why won't you release me . You got me begging you for mercy . Why won't you release me . I said release me . 
When I was younger , so much younger than today , I never needed anybody's help in anyway . But now these days are gone , I'm not so self assured . Now I find I've changed my mind , I've opened up the doors . 
Life is very short and theres no time for fussing and fighting my friend . I have always thought that it is a crime so I will ask you once again . Try to see it my way . Only time will tell if I'm right or wrong . 
Well , I keep on thinkin ' ' bout you , Sister < PROPFEMALE > Hair surprise . And I just can't live without you ; can't you see it in my eyes ? I've been one poor correspondent , and I've been too , too hard to find , But it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind . 
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you , Tomorrow I'll miss you ; Remember I'll always be true . And then while I'm away , I'll write home ev'ry day , And I'll send all my loving to you . ~ The Beatles 
Sigh . Look < PROPFEMALE > more snow . Im still waiting for that flame-thrower !!! 
Going to Michigan tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Setting up my first salt-water aquarium . I hope it works ! lol . 
Cause there's a monster living under my bed . Whispering in my ear . There's an angel , with a hand on my head . She say I've got nothing to fear . There's a darkness living deep in my soul . I still got a purpose to serve . So let your light shine , deep into my home . God , don't let me lose my nerve . Lose my nerve . 
Well if I was in your position . Id put down all my ammunition . I'd wondered why'd it taken me so long . But Lord knows that I'm not you . And If I was I wouldn't be so cruel . Cause waiting on love ain't so easy to do . Must I always be waiting waiting on you ? Must I always be playing playing your fool ? No I cant always be waiting waiting on you . I cant always be playing playing your fool . ~ Jack < PROPMALE > 
I been the right place but it must have been the wrong time . My head was in a bad place but I'm having such a good time . I been running trying to get < PROPMALE > up in my mind , Got to give myself a little talking to this time . ~ Dr. < PROPFIRST > 
Oh , don't you worry , you'll find yourself . Follow your heart and nothing else . And you can do this , oh baby if you try . All that I want from you my son is to be satisfied . 
Come Monday , it'll be all right . Come Monday , I'll be holdin ' you tight . I spent four lonely days in a brown L . A . haze and I just want you back by my side . 
Well , sometimes I go out by myself and I look across the water . And I think of all the things , what you're doing and in my head I paint a picture . 
She's got wonderful eyes and a risque mouth . And when I ask her before , she said she's holding out . She's a frozen fire . She's my one < PROPFEMALE > . 
My hands are sweaty and my knees are weak . I can't eat and I can't sleep . It's turning me every way but loose ... 
Are you alone ? Can you talk to an old friend ? Right or wrong I had to hear your voice again . 
New job starts tonight ! I dunno about this 3rd shift thing . Sigh . Yay . Sigh . 
Well , I've been given a job a trained monkey with security clearance could do . Oh ! Also I am expected not to offend anyone with the things I say or the shirts I wear . I hope I last more than a week . 
Oi ! Stoopid truck just got here and the < PROPMALE > of me getting out on time just dropped by 157% sigh ! I miss my bed . * grumble * 
You know you make me wanna ( Shout ! ) Kick my heels up and ( Shout ! ) Throw my hands up and ( Shout ! ) Throw my head back and ( Shout ! ) Come on now Don't forget to say you will Don't forget to say Yeah , yeah , yeah 
I had the craziest dream . I was with a group in front of a camera and we were getting our picture taken . Everyone was just sitting there and I started singing the \Henry the 8th\ " song and by the time I got to the second verse is same as the first everyone joined in . I don't know who you are dream choir but you sing real good . ;) This sleeping during the day has the strangest side effects . " 
The new kid , he’s got money . The money I deserve . He’s got the goods but he’s not good for his word . I should be rolling in it . I've been a working stiff . As for the justice no one knows where it went . I’m gonna toil away . Until my judgment day . I will be rewarded for the good things I did . ~ Old97s 
Yay . I start my new job in the morning . No more 3rd shift and double the pay . Woot ! 
Tomorrow Im headed to Warsaw .... some of the best countryside in Mo I think . 
So tired after working all day but I get home and my lady makes me dinner . This is the best ! 
Finally done with my work week . One day off then back at it ... sheesh .... I wouldnt mind a night out !! 
On a hot summer night . He wrote < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > . In letters 3 foot high . And the whole town said that the fool should have used red . But it looked good to < PROPFEMALE > . In < PROPFIRST > Deere green . 
I hear the voices in my head . I swear to god it sounds like they're snoring ..... 
Does anyone out there remember Reading Rainbow ? 
Bend over let me see ya shake your tailfeather ! Bend over let me see ya shake your tailfeather ! Come on let me see ya shake your tailfeather ! Come on let me see ya shake your tailfeather ! Aaaaaaaaaaah . Come on , come on baby ... 
And he said , Let me tell you a secret , about a fathers love . A secret that my daddy said was just between us . He said daddies dont just love their children every now and then . It's a love without end , amen , its a love without end , amen . 
Oi ! It's my day off and I've been doing housework all day ... sheesh ! At least all the clothes are clean and my bedroom looks great . Now to relax or find some trouble to get into ! >=) 
Ugh !! Stoopid truck broke down in < PROPFEMALE > . Ack ! * thud * waiting for the wrecker . 
I can see the river crossing my path now and all I can do is sit here and laugh now . Don't it make you wonder at the world . 
You can't control an independent heart . Can't tear the one you love apart . Forever conditioned to believe that we can't live . We can't live here and be happy with less . So many riches , so many souls . Everything we see we want to possess . 
I think I wanna move to Saipan . Hrmmm ... 
DAY OFF !!!!! Woot ! Now to formulate secret evil plans ! 
I didn't do it ! Nobody saw me do it ! You can't prove anything ! >=) 
Happy mothers day ! 
The storm is here and me without my pants . Sheesh . 
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain . Too much love drives a man insane . You broke my will , oh what a thrill . Goodness gracious great balls of fire ! 
I remember long ago . When the sun was shining . And all the stars were bright all through the night . In the wake of this madness , as I held you tight . So long ago . 
I'm standing in your line . I do hope you have the time . I do pick a number too . I do keep a date with you . 
Gonna Eat then fix the Firebird ! Woot ! =) 
Accelerator Cable is in !! Charging the battery now =) 
AARRGGHH Battery won't charge .. took it to Autozone and they will attempt to fix it ... Grrrrr ! 
It's Alive !!! Woot ! 
Ugh Today SUCKED ! My stoopid Debit Card wouldnt work and I almost ran out of gas and then 10 seconds after my low fuel light came on , one of my rear tires exploded !!!!! At least now Im home ! 
Grrr ! satans cell phone strikes again !!! Chances are if I had your number before I don't now ! If you get a < PROPMALE > text me so I can put you back in ! ACK ! * Thud * 
GRRRR !!!!! HULK SMASH !!!!!! 
I can't always be waiting , waiting on you . I can't always be playing , playing the fool ... 
I think she's pretty . I think she's smart . I like her nerve and I love her heart ... 
It looks like you've seen one up close . 
Where they wear their clothes too tight and their hair is dyed . Too much lipstick , Too much rouge , Gets me excited ! Leaves me feelin ' confused ! 
Now you know . Yeah you got my back against the wall . Oh god ! I ain't got no other place to hide . Chained down . Like a sittin’ duck just waitin’ for the fall . You know , Yeah you got my back against the wall . 
There are stars in the southern sky and if ever you decide you should go . There is a taste of time sweeter then < PROPFEMALE > down the seven bridges road . 
So she fills up her sails with my wasted breath . And each one's more wasted than the other you can bet . On < PROPFEMALE > Road . 
Looking forward to grilling out and drinking . 
Today is THAT day ! Sigh . 
Can I get another Amen ? There's a flag wrapped around a score of men . A gag , a plastic bag on a monument . 
Hot day is good for cold sushi and iced tea . =) 
I know where Im goin ' Dontchoo wanna come too ? I got my reservation and I got one for you . I know why Im singin ' Dontchoo wanna sing too ? 
Sigh .... Busy day of yard work ... Mowed lawn , trimmed trees , < PROPMALE > flower boxes on the rail , and did some housework ! Ack ! * Thud * Check please ! 
Its the weekend FINALLY ! I worked all week and now I wanna PLAY !! Who's with me ?!!!! =) 
Got a truck today ... Just have to get it all legal now !! yay !! 
Sigh 
\I was walking with the ghost . Out of my mind . \"" 
And now my life has changed in Oh so many ways . My Independence seems to vanish in the haze . But every now and then I feel so insecure . I know that I just need you like I never did before . ~ The Beatles Happy Fathers Day Dad ! I miss you ! 
Went to the cemetery today . The caretaker is gonna think i'm nuts . I left a coke and a nutty bar on Dad's headstone ... I really am so thankful that when I miss him I can put on one of his CD's and hear his voice . 
Sigh . Spending the day alone . At least I get to have sushi for lunch . Yay ! 
Got a puppy today ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > and she is the cutest Schnoodle ever ! She and < PROPFEMALE > are becoming fast friends . =) 
I see with green eyes . I hear whats not said . I wish I could stop believing in red . 
I'm stuck at work and I wanna be home playing with the doggies . Sigh . Ps . Wemen r evil . Sigh . 
It's been 2 years now . It's hard to believe really , somedays it seems like yesterday and others a lifetime ago . I miss you Dad and I always will . I spent a lot of time today lost in thought about growing up and listening to one of Dad's CD's . And for dinner had brats but no Milwaukee's Best . ;) 
Rain let up long enough for us to let loose with fireworks . The neighbors even watched it was kinda cool . 
\Was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort of sun-god robes on a pyramid with a thousand naked women screaming and throwing little pickles at you ? \"" 
Can't wait for this weekend !! Having my very own Bing Crosby movie marathon . Don't fret if you don't know who he is kids . ;) 
Just got my book I've been waiting for !! Just Call Me Lucky . Signed by Bing himself !! Woot ! 
At the zoo with my baby !!!! Woot ! 
Ugh . Stoopid truck isn't working and now I'm sitting at the service shop when I should be working . Sigh . 
SIGH ! 
But it was not your fault but mine . And it was your heart on the line . I really f#@%d it up this time . Didn't I my dear ? Didn't I my dear ? ~ Mumford and Sons 
Waiting to see what she looks like and I bet she'll look beautiful !! 
Baby , ( you can leave your hat on ) You can leave your hat on . 
The answer is : shoot everybody and smoke some cigarettes . 
So my Grandma , who was untill she said this the most conservative Woman I ever met , Said to me in front of my gf ... It doesnt matter if I have kids before I get married . Apparently its a family tradition or something ... sheesh ... 
Would you go with me if we were lost in fields of clover ? Would we walk even closer until the trip was over ? And would it be okay if I didn't know the way ? 
Having one of those days where Im just angry at the world ... sigh ... 
Woof ! 
It's not easy being green , spending life the color of the leaves . 
need food ... sigh ... stupid food 
I can see the river crossing my path now . All I can do is sit here and laugh now . Don't it make you wonder at the world , what its coming to . You know I sit and wonder at the world and then I dream of you . ~ Richard < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I fell into a burning ring of fire . I went down , down , down , and the flames lept higher and it burns , burns , burns , the ring of fire ... 
Smooth like peanut butter , like chunky peanut butter ... sigh . 
And now my life has changed in oh so many ways , My independence seems to vanish in the haze . But every now and then I feel so insecure , I know that I just need you like , I've never done before . 
Grrrrrrrr ! I hate waiting ! 
Roomie has his own place now . It was fun having him here but it is really nice to have my own space . Turned the second bedroom into an office and I love it ! 
You take the thousand on the right and I'll take the thousand on the left ! ~ < PROPMALE > Quartermain 
When the beating of your heart echos the beating of the drum ... 
Learn from your mother or else spend your days biting your own neck . ~ Little Lion Man 
3 Days till GF's Birthday and I havent got her a present yet !!! OMG Im going to bad bf hell ... sigh .... 
Tomorrow is D-Day ! Sigh .. D is for Dentist .... Can't wait to eat all my food thru a straw ... * Grumble * Ack ! * Thud * 
33 in 3 days . I don't feel like I've been around that long but here I am . Well back to work I guess . 
Thank You everyone for the birthday wishes ! =) 
Shut up ! Hush your mouth . Can't you hear you talk too loud ! No I can't hear nuthin cuz I got my head up in the clouds ! 
In these bodies we will live , In these bodies we will die . Where you invest your love you invest your life . 
So today was one of the worst in a long time . Took the firebird to work and it broke down ... tierod or some such ... then towed back to the house and took the truck after calling work to tell them id be late . truck broke down and then had to get towed to shop .. shop called truck is done for D.E.D. Dead ... Sigh ... frack .... sigh . Somebody up there is really pissed at me . 
Going up to see my Grandparents , Aunt , and Great Uncle with < PROPFIRST > . Its going to be a good day . ;) 
Put up Christmas Tree with < PROPFIRST > ! Now to relax for the evening ! =) 
I need a minion ! Now accepting applications . 
There will come a time , you will see . When love will not break your heart and dismiss your fears . Get over your hill and see what you find there . With grace in your hand and flowers in your hair . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you in facebook friend land ! 
First night in a long time spending alone ... sigh ... I miss my Kris .. sigh =( 
Home ! Let me go home ! Home is whenever I'm with you . Home ! Let me come home . Home is wherever I'm alone with you . ~ Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros 
4 days down , just one to go . Its going to be a long night . sigh ! 
Well today was not my best day ever . My work truck caught on fire while I was driving it and i had to watch the fire dept . put the fire out because 3 fire extinguisers wernt enough . Then I got to wait for almost 4 hours for a tow truck and a rental truck so I could finish my day . I should have called in sick . Sigh . 
It took me 4 hours and 15 minutes to get home from work today . This city needs to get its shit together with how to handle a snow storm . The ONLY road that had been plowed on my way home was Wornall rd and only from 85th st south ... Freekin Hell . 
Home from work today due to an accident at work yesterday . I slipped and fell on the ice ... sigh . Hurt my back . This sucks ! 
Had a tooth pulled today . Yikes I forgot how much it hurts . Thankfully I have a very understanding GF who understands the healing power of chinese food/ hot and sour soup ! 
There is constant construction noise now coming from down the street . It's supposed to last till Winter . Freakin hell itll be peaceful around here ! Sigh . 
If you ain't got problems I feel for bad for you son . I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one . 99 problems but a bitch ain't one . 
Sick for days , So many ways\ 
I'm achin ' now , Achin ' now\ 
It's times like these I need relief\ 
Please show me how , Oh show me how\ 
To get right , Yeah it's outta sight . ~ The Black Keys 
It's difficult for me to share real feelings on this faceless facebook . It's easier when theres something I'm angry about or annoyed but today I'm truely sad . I got home from work to find that < PROPMALE > , the Rott I inherited from my dad and one of my best friends for the last 2 years and 9 months couldn't even walk by himself . 
