Ok Sacramento beach isn't bad < PROPFIRST > Busey looks old . Big bear lake and campping is cool tho . Good weekish out and about . 

Baby Zombies are the worst kind , not because you feel bad about killing them but because they are harder to hit . 
Hopefully getting out of the Army soon lulz 
Herm well another few days of work and then 4 days off but I'm sure the Army will figure out a way to keep my busy the entire time lulz 
FUCK MY LIFE : It is in the upper 30's low 40's and we are wearing shorts and a T shirt at 6am WTF is wrong with common sence , at least my prison sentence will be over soon . 
So new info might be about 180 days till I'm out at the < PROPMALE > , just as long as they don't lose my god damn paperwork again . 
So I'm out \roll playing\ " as an insurgent and I get detained for being a guy on the most wanted list and stuff ... All I can say is playing with the people that interrogate you is SOOO much fun I want to do it again . " 
WOOT perma detaind is PIMP I'm not doing Sheite 
1st 1st and a 2nd maybe I should think about really playing poker 
I quit smoking today and Feel Great ! Thank god for mood altering drugs and btw I'm not using any stop smoking aids . 
So New < PROPFEMALE > was ok but could have been a little longer so it didn't have to end so suddenly 
Sleep till 9am and thats cool but I'm pritty sure I'm sick this morning .... Not Cool 
Did anyone check out the pics I posted of us going up Mt . Blackie ? 
Well I know it isn't y2k but if the world did end today I guess it was a fun run . 
According to G4 , the TV show ; < PROPFEMALE > Gray puts the VD in valentines Day .... I wonder how many times they will air that before they realize what they said . 
Just got to vegas and checked in , the party hasent even started and we got vip upgraded already lol 
sorry guys that are about to not be my friend on here . i just cant make myself care about what your doing lol 
so the smoked ribs came out great , glad it did hadnt ever smoked anything before . 
Out in the feild . Notice this isn't a mobile update , running the internet on my laptop off my cellphone . LOL 
Send your tastebuds on this journey . < PROPFEMALE > mixed with brown surgar and thinley sliced mcintosh apples with pre cooked bacon simmering in an aluninum foil tray . This and the rack of ribs on the grill smoking with hickory wood . 
So it came to my attention today I forgot to update , I'm being medically retired from the army and right now am 50% disabled . Home sweet home here we come . 
Wow been so busy having fun I forgot to mention how fun it is out of the army 
It is possible to eat 1 tablespoon of ground cinimon cuz I just did it without coughing or gagging and with no drink . 
Oh my god oh my god oh my god ...... I'm bored . 
I love my new Bear Strike compound bow so far deadly @ 40-50 yards but I need a bigger back yard now ..... 
Being awake at 630 am is dumb 
Temporary phone number 260 273 8745 
Holy fucking shit , thats all I have to say ..... 
So I don't know if I want to drive three hours to go home today or drive one hour to a museum or just go float with just < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and myself . 
Ok the museum is ruled out . Hmmm .. 
Well after a long day < PROPFEMALE > and I made a cool topper for the Jeep and I have come to the realization that I hate this state ..... I think I'll give it a year . 
Day 1 not smoking anymore , btw I don't drink anymore either . So if I am a shit load more of an asshole than I normally am I'll apologize in advance for that right now . 
Ok , most of the way done with Day 2 of no smoking . Huge fight I caused . I really really wanted a smoke . Still tho we are not smoking . Not giving up . 
Well sadly we failed at quitting smoking , @ least when I go to the Dr. from the VA I can get the stuff to quit for free . Next time I'll be better prepared . 
LOL @ Retarded People . < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
well we have our own place and its not bad at all . 
Hey internet is back up .... Say a prayer for my Uncle he was recently in a car accident . Say a prayer for my Aunt she is in heven with God now . 
Wish heaven had a camera , so I could see your face again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake .... from which I'll never part ... God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Repost if you love someone in heaven . 
Well I uploaded 55 Photos I have taken in a few countries and of some stuff . \ 
Its in the Stuff album and I was wondering what people thought of them , I am goign to be going to college this spring and will be taking a lot of Graphic designe classes and multimedia classes . Any comments are welcome . Thanks . 
Fixxed the pix r there now sry lol 
Bored 
Hey I made something for a < PROPMALE > of mine its a GIF file that will play . Just click on it if its not playing it will take you to my photobucket account :D 
I'm tired of the BS , I wish it wasn't like it is . 
The reason stressed people are stressed in the first place is beacuse they are so focused onwhat they deem is all important in their mind they can no longer enjoy simple things likehow sweet things taste how good things smell . \ 
People that enjoy every thing they have wether it be a lot or little have a more meaningfuland fullfilling life . \ 
\ 
I came to this conclusion eating ice cream .... is that bad ? 
Anyone getting married real soon ? I need to shoot a wedding for my portfolio and I'll provide prints at cost to whomever allows me to come to the wedding and take some pictures . The cost would only be what it costs me to develop the ones the happy couple want no other costs at all . Please be around Lafayette or no more than 3hr drive . 
Never know when something new will inspire you ~ myself . 
Shooting a live show tonight , photos to follow in no greater than 2 days . The show includes Afro Man . 
Well I start school on October 4th for my Bachelors of Science in Photography , yeay ! 
Well the show last night was cool and I met afro man , check out the new photo in my stuff album . 
Got my trial business cards printed today , going to have to order better ones tho ... 
Oh oh oh oh guess what its just another day ...... lol Headed to some parks and maybe down town for some pics . 
What is the world coming to ? I have an add up of < PROPMALE>'s list to shoot a wedding for free , and the couple would only have to pay for prints and their album if they even want one , if they didn't want anything they can just get them digitally from me for nothing .... Does that sound like a scam or something ? Know anyone around Lafayette Indiana that would be interested ? 
Bluffton IN Street Fair wasn't bad . 
Night F Book , early morning fishing trip then its back to Lafayette in the afternoon . 
Well back in Lafayette . 
Added a few decent pics from today , more to follow but these were fun ones . 
Couldn't stop thinking about my own death last night , weird . Here's some new pics up today tho . 
Well the 30\X40\ " Poster I made came in today .... its a lot bigger than I thought it would be . " 
Real Life is full of difficult decisions and so much stuff to fix I don't understand how anyone can not stay busy all the time . 
Well I get out of the house and the State today , just a trip to IL for a Dr. Visit . 
Run a few tests answer a few questions , get your eyes dilated and a long drive home . I'm tired :D but it was fun to get out of the house for a lil bit . 
Took a lot of pictures today had a lot of fun , and I have a photo shoot this evening , but I am excited to take more pictures . 
Morning friends on F Book , sleepy day here I guess . Rain in the Lafayette IN area . BOOOOOOOO 
Add the 28 Million to your profile to help fight Cancer , we all know someone that is affected by Cancer , Please Help ! 
Photoshoot and editing done , 267 pics ended up with 40 ish I wanted to keep , oh well they are a good 40 ish . 
Goodish but long day , relaxey time for me . 
Don't you hate it when you have a great idea but actually bringing it to fruition could take a LOT of work . 
OHHHH BOY I am working on a project . :D This will be better than anything I have ever made yet I think . 
Well now that I am done with everything I wanted to do I find myself bored . 
So I was in bed all day , sick . Everything wrong seemed to line up with Lactose Intolerance and I have never had issues with that before and I love milk/cheese products ..... 
Well said whatever to daily stuff and went fishing for the afternoon/early night . Combined we caught six catfish , can't wait till my Bro-in-Law cooks them up . 
Can't wait till the show tonight , its going to be awesome . 
I have to do some traveling today but the pictures from the show last night will be up by this evening . 
Working on last nights show photos @ home in Bluffton , TIRED . 
Long day done , can't wait for tomorrow . I will be posting a new picture if everything works out well shooting tomorrow . 
Morning everyone . Hope you can relax today cuz I will be . 
Took a nap and now < PROPFEMALE > and I are going out to play . 
Weekends go by so fast , headed back to Lafayette today . 
Back in Lafayette just hanging out . 
2 more hours ... 
Yeay new dish washer . 
I sold a picture/poster creation for one hundred dollars today , I'm happy . :D 
I really have no idea whats going on . 
Would it be terrible to go camping for like a year all over < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Even tho today is Tuesday a naturally boring day , its raining like a champ . Maybe I should go check out the local indoor put put golf place or something . 
U'm wow I'm tired . Finishing up a cool project at my Dad and Mom's house , learning about footers and making sure we pour a square foundation for the new car port , math is bad btw . 
Long good day , G'night . 
Headed back to Lafayette today . Nice week @ my parents place . :D 
\On a foundation of incredible mutual hatred you can do anything . \ " ~ From a dood in a video game I play . " 
Australia would be fun to go to this winter . F being cold . 
OMG OMG OMG wtf ?.......... 
Got the first 2011 @ the dealer , Hyundai Elantra LTD is nice but the 40MPG is even better :D Yeay new car . 
Back home holy god a week is a long time . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this 
Why am I tired ? Boooooo !!! 
12+ Hrs of sleep last night . LOL 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one ; to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this as your status 
Chocolate chip pancakes ..... idk how I feel about it yet . 
Murdock Hill no big deal , now its later here I come Slater . 
Slater was fast and fun and I can't wait to go back 
Can't wait to go snow boarding this weekend . 
Its boring and I want to get out so me and the kid are walking to get some lunch and then going to go play some coin op games . 
Thank you everyone for all the B Day wishes Had a great birthday this year . Thanks again . 
So I'm working on this beater truck I bought and I bumped into the exposed wires on the door panel , the radio comes on key isn't in the ignition ..... Anyone have any idea as to why ? I think its haunted . 
Bored , headed to Bluffton today to see the parents and my lil bro whom I haven't seen in years . 
Well going to a job interview today . I'll get it . 
OMFG ok the job interview went well ....... I might get the job well at least I think I have good chances . My truck got towed YEAY thank god for good people a friend of a friend helped me out and gave me a ride home . BTW I managed to spill red fruit punch on my tailored silk shirt I wore to the interview . ITS ONLY JUST NOON !!! 
all I have to say is \fuck insomnia\ " the end ... " 
OMG I'm a fucking lightweight . Drinking bad , Coffee good . 
