can't wait for my birthday . the past year has been one of the toughest ever ! Can't wait for a new chapter to begin ! 

hates facebook . loves cookin ' for the gaybors . that's about it 
i'm freakin ' exhausted . 
it is exactly one week until my birthday 
is rolling with the punches . 
is spending her last day of being 31 hungover and shopping . i'm pretty sure that's how i spent my first day of being 31 too .... 
wants to scream . 
will be cutting off her hair on thursday . take that , hair ! 
it's squeak's birthday ! and I'm chopping off all my hair tomorrow .... 
i love my new hair ... i guess i should take a picture of it ... 
Is tired of struggling . When are the good times coming back ? sigh . 
remembers when she loved the weekend . sigh . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Birthday party Tuesday Aug 4th at Trophy's 11pm 
is feeling lazy 
is like whoa 
is about to start reading Confederacy of Dunces .... 
tickets , money , passports , darling ..... 
finally slept . now what ? 
It's a beautiful day ! Can't wait to see everyone later !!! :-) 
had such a great night and wishes she could see everyone more often ! 
Rage Ranger Thursday night at Elysium ... its been a long time ... come check it out ! :-) Rage Ranger 
is anyone doing anything fun for halloween ? and by fun , i mean free ? ;-) 
Drank too much < PROPFIRST>'s blood and has a headache ... 
Fabulous 
as usual i have no idea what I'm doing . But I'm pretty sure I'm about to eff it all up 
is going to go supress her anger and disappointment with fried ravioli . that's healthy , right ? 
is stuck at work . :( 
I'm sick . and i hate it . :( 
not sick , but i have lost my voice ? good thing i never need to talk on the phone at work .. oh .. wait ... 
back from El Paso . Don't worry everyone , it smells exactly the same as you remember ;-) . but at least the Enchiladas are AWESOME !!! 
I'm making green chile < PROPMALE > & cheese ... the question is .. will i be strong enough to share it with others ??? 
Note to self : quit forgetting that people suck . not you guys ... but you know ... the rest of the planet ;-) 
Soup Party ! my house tonight ! Come and get it ! :-) 
has a soup hangover !!! 
Friends in < PROPFIRST > ! Please tell something fun is going on this weekend . I'm off Friday through Monday and the plans i had were cancelled :( what's everyone up to ???? 
Wants to thank all of her friends for helping her out this weekend ! Good News : Insurance will cover the repairs to my car !! Bad News : i'm driving a rental clown car and keep hitting my head on the ceiling :-) 
Staying positive and taking care of one thing at a time .. for instance ... now I'm taking care of a large glass of wine :-) 
biting my nails ... waiting to hear from insurance about my car ... but Also get to go see my friend < PROPFIRST > for lunch ! Can't wait ! :-) 
well , no word on the fate of my car , but I did get rid of the clown car ( it was a Hyundai abuela or something ) and traded it for a black Mazda atari game of some sort ... AND more importantly had a delicious lunch at Sazon with < PROPFIRST > ! 
I just bought a BRAND NEW CAR ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me !!! Thanks to everyone who gave me advice and moral support ... especially < PROPMALE > who sat in the dealership with me for 3 hours ! 
Christmas is done ! What's everyone doing for New Year's ??? 
has such a headache ... too much holiday cheer ... 
I'm so ready for a new year ! bring it already ! yeesh . 
Happy New Year Everybody ! Have a Safe and Happy night ! :-) 
can't believe its back to work as usual ... i was just getting used to a life of leisure ! 
is having a fantastic day ! and can't wait to go let < PROPFEMALE > play with her hair !! :-) 
taking sister to the Highball for happy hour ! Come out !!!! 
getting ready for another fun filled adventure ... 
hasn't smoked in 16 days and is suddenly having a really bad \I wish I had a smoke\ " fit ! good thing i'm safe at home ... i'm not gonna do it ... " 
19 days ! no smoking !!! thanks for all the support !! :-) 
is going to start collecting vintage bowling ball music box decanter bars 
thinks < PROPMALE > slipped something in her drink last night ..... 
just did her taxes ! :-) 
I need a new book to read ! suggestions ? FYI : i don't read anything you can buy at the grocery store , or that < PROPMALE > Hanks stars in the movie version of ... anything else is cool ! :-) 
I've done laundry , dishes , trash duty , worked out .... I believe i deserve a beer ! :-) 
Is officially an < PROPFIRST > weirdo ... went home sick with the start of a cold and stopped at the store for herbal expectorant , zinc riccolas , odwalla wellness juice blend , and some local < PROPFEMALE > in case its just allergies . 
is at home sick .. wondering what time mail gets delivered to her apartment ... there's netflix in that mail ... and there is NOTHING on tv ! 
please stop me ! I am going on an itunes shopping binge .... 
bought tickets to see The Flaming Lips ! to hell with February , No one likes you anyway !! Lets get to March already !!! 
I am stepping away from the computer ... I will get things done today ... out in the world ... 
just had the most delicious pita sandwiches EVER .... 
no one has ever told me i look like someone famous ... so quit asking for my doppelganger ... 
Urban Dictionary defines < PROPFEMALE > as 1)slang term for a highly attractive and sexually intriguing individual . 2 ) The mos beautiful person in the world . Often referred to as a Goddess . Has eyes that one can easily get lost in . A great friend that cares about people and makes the world a better place . Easy to love too 3 ) The hottest girl alive . usually gives people boners and she is a nice and loyal friend . 
this sunshine really makes me wish it was warm enough to go swimming !!! oh the swimming pool and a cold beer on a Saturday .... 
coffee and trashy television ! I love you Saturday !!! :-) 
is feeling inspired . I'm preparing to go shopping to redecorate my bedroom . :-) 
I apologize for being in seclusion everyone ! I am busy creating my lair ... 
Beautiful curtains ... new bedding ... almost there .. back to shopping .. An evil lair wasn't built in a day , ya know . 
< PROPFIRST > Peeps ! Anyone need a dresser- 4 drawer , super solid , well built . Needs to be sanded and painted ... and < PROPFEMALE > don't do that ... It will be going to goodwill by thursday if no one wants it ... 
Here i am again . exhausted and crying about Celebrity Rehab ... Damn you Dr. < PROPFIRST > ! Your skillfully produced montages along with your sincere facial expressions get me every time ... 
I will get something done today .... but first .... coffee :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > just blew my mind . 
Just ate the most delicious dinner with Risi ! Yay wifey night ! :-) 
ugh ! i'm sick ! again ! i think quitting smoking has ruined my health !!! 
In an effort to be more positive ... I am going to post something I'm grateful for every day . Today I'm grateful for my screaming upstairs neighbors for reminding me that being single is NOT actually the most depressing thing in the world . Thanks , my Ragin ' Cajun neighbors ! I will enjoy my peaceful single evening with a renewed sense of gratitude :-) 
ummm .. ok ... today ... I'm grateful for ... friends who buy me beer after a long day at work :-) 
today i'm grateful for my BFF !!! Happy Bday < PROPMALE > ! I love you ! Also , i'm grateful for 1 fried snickers and 5 spoons , please ;-) 
was getting bored of the Oscars and was excited to find a < PROPMALE > Cohen Live recording from London on KLRU ! Nice ... :-) 
sxsw is off to a good start ... saw The People vs < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .. danced with storm troopers , got a free light sabre ... and broke < PROPMALE > all in one night ! Its going to be a great week !! 
is gonna try to get in to see the world premier of MacGruber tonight w/ < PROPMALE > .. should I be excited or ashamed ? 
I'm exactly where I want to be ... doing exactly what I want to do- Its amazing how relaxing that can be ! 
can't wait to get out in this gorgeous weather and see some amazing live music ! 
CAN'T WAIT to see what tonight brings !!! I LOVE SXSW !!!! Bring it on ! 
SXSW is over ... and as usually i feel like I was hit by a truck ! I'm spending today trying to recover from a really bad case of celebrity exhaustion 
I'm sick :( 
is now digesting food normally again ! Yay ! 
feels like she went on a mini vacation ! Most relaxing weekend ever ! :-) 
brought my computer back from the BSOD . Take that , windows malfunction .... i know a thing or two ... 
I want to go to Lollapalooza . Please ? Someone take me to Lollapalooza ... come on .. it'll be super fun ! 
Its too early in the day to be this exhausted 
nothing starts a monday out better than being told you look tired and your hair is doing something weird . so much for starting out the week on a good note ... 
i give up on this week . good day to you . 
hates working on sundays . oh wait . and every other day . i guess its not so different after all 
I just watched last night's SNL ... I am now officially terrified of Ke$ha .. or glow in the dark paint ... i don't know which , but I was terrified ... and it wasn't just the singing like when i hear her on the radio ! 
Dear Days of Our Lives , Please , please , Oh Dear Lord , Puhleez , stop making every single actor wear blue eyeliner on their bottom lash-line . Please . It's not funny anymore . I don't know what you think that does , but put down your 1987 September issue of Cosmo article about looking younger . It's tacky . and it's super tacky on the boys . It does not \pop\ " . Cut it out . " 
Had so much fun last night .... but I'm draggin today ... 
has to go get her oil changed . sounds fun , huh ? don't be jealous . then i also get to go to the bank and to the grocery store . watch out , party people .. another wild and crazy weekend for < PROPFEMALE > ... sigh 
LOVE LOVE LOVED the show last night ! So much fun ! I want to do nothing but watch The Dead Weather play over and over and over and over ..... :-) 
is suffering from post-awesome-concert disorder . I need something new to look forward to ... 
needs a vacation . and someone to go on vacation with :( 
i need to change everything about my current life . Where to start ? 
will be at work until around 5 pm tomorrow . thanks . 
come on five o'clock ... i'm so freakin ' ready ! 
well .. thanks for nothing five o'clock . you sucked as hard as all the rest of the hours in the day .... grrr .. this is the worst week ever . :( 
I am refusing to think about work , jury duty , life , etc until tomorrow ! I can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > White on SNL tonight ! I'm on the hunt for my best < PROPFEMALE > Zbornack outfit :-) 
well . time to head to the courthouse for Jury Duty .... 
back to work :( 
waiting for dad to get into town .... my apartment has never been cleaner :-) 
I had so much fun last night ! :-) 
Thank you soooo much for finally getting here , Friday ... i've been waiting ! 
time for a long relaxing bath .... luxury now .... camping tomorrow . That's what i said ... camping .... 
now it seems to be really < PROPFEMALE > .... maybe i'm scared to go camping after all 
has anyone else ever noticed how great i am at making dinner ? 
yeesh . my own best friend or my own worst enemy ... I'm my only frenemy ? 
what ever happened to people going to happy hour ? you all suck :( 
Come on 5 o clock ! A long weekend awaits ! :-) 
Beautiful Day ... Headed out to the lake ! :-) 
Hey- look outside ! Another Beautiful day .... guess i am headed out to the lake again ! :-) 
i miss the lake . Nobody yells at me there :( 
for a short week ... it feels pretty long 
Getting ready to see < PROPFEMALE > Wars In Concert . I hope < PROPMALE > doesn't cry all the way through it ! :-) 
has a serious case of the Monday through Fridays 
Guess who just got 3 months of HBO for free just in time for the new season of True Blood ? That's right ... I'm a nerd , I don't care who knows it ! 
can someone please explain to me why motorcycles are soooo loud ? they are awesome to look at , they are fun to ride .. why why why do they have to be so stupid loud ??? get me out of downtown , please ! 
Loves Saturday :-) 
super fucking bummed that i didn't have money to buy pixies tickets yesterday :( 
You crazy kids and your Passion Pit ... I think I'll head out to see Concrete Blonde with < PROPFIRST > instead ... it will NEVER stop being the 90's for us ;-) 
Had such a great time at Concrete Blonde last night ! < PROPFEMALE > Napolitano knocked my socks off ! Her voice was amazing , and she looked great despite the 3,000 degree heat ... 
headed to the lake ! 
to wrap up Retro month .. I will be seeing the Psychedelic Furs tonight ! ( Thanks to my early birthday present from < PROPFIRST >!) . 
is ready for it to be FRIDAY already ! I'm ready to start having birthday drinks and be off work for 3 days ... and rain , rain goooo AWAY 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! Off to keep celebrating ! :-) 
I am desperately trying to keep up with an ever changing reality .... 
My dreams are making my real life seem < PROPFEMALE > much better ... so thanks , nightmares for making me glad to be awake ! 
wishes she could take a vacation ! I am in serious need of a trip out of town ! sigh .. 
Finally got some good news for once ! Looks like a happy friday after all ! :-) 
finally leaving work .. what do you think the chances are my cats have learned to cook dinner ? sigh .. some days it really sucks to live alone 
Just had the most amazing food at < PROPFEMALE > Bistro .... crispy fried artichoke hearts with parmesan crusted lemon wheels and garlic aioli to start .... handmade mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad , then truffled orzo < PROPMALE > and cheese ..... and then .... the best freakin creme brulee i've ever tasted .. all while sipping deliciously crisp < PROPMALE > martini .... i'm going to go into a food coma now ... have a good night everyone ! 
I want a brand new kitten ! and some pizza ! I don't know which is the worse idea ... i've been at work waaaayyy too long I think ... 
Stuck at work on a Sunday ... 
Is happy to report I am NOT working on a Sunday ! :-) 
Why doesn't facebook have some sort of little black broken heart status for people like me to put up ??? Facebook- you are prejudiced against the single and bitter people of the world . Harumph . Good day to you . 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
is feeling really down today . I really want to pull up my bootstraps and think positive and all that sh ** ... but I can't seem to do it today . :( 
I don't want to go home to my empty apartment :( anything going on out in the great big boring world of Wednesday ? 
I feel like there is some bad Ju Ju on it or something ... at least I'm not alone in my misery ... but I'm feelin ' bad for all the hard times hitting people I love . Everyone let's try to < PROPFEMALE > in there ? :( 
Headed out to the lake ! I LOVE three day weekends ! :-) 
ok rain ... here's the deal ... you have to stop before rush hour tomorrow morning ... you have all night to show us what you got ... deal ? :-) 
i just found out that my cat Boti weighs 23 pounds . That's impressive ! :-) 
For the record , My other little < PROPFEMALE > of a cat , < PROPFIRST > , weighs a dainty 8.5 lbs ... so I guess I know who's cleaning their food bowl every day ;-) 
Gearing up for a BUSY week , a SUPER FUN WEEKEND , and then 3 days off just for kicks ... Dear World , Please let Monday thru Friday fly by so I can get to the fun part ! 
The only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by Infinity is to contemplate the extent of human stupidity- Voltaire 
Is soooo excited about Saturday ! :-) 
no day off goes unpunished . I dont know why I even try to enjoy myself .. it always means getting shit for it later . fine , world .. i'll be miserable every day .. you win ... 
I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > for dinner tonight .. fancy schmancy ... they have tabasco ice cream which makes me curious , but I don't know if I'm ready for something like that ... 
Going to see Pavement tonight , and I'm so excited it won't be 100 degrees outside !!! :-) 
I demand that this day stop being crappy immediately !!! I have planned to have fun today for a few days now and disaster is creeping behind every stupid corner ... I'll be amazed if I make it to the show tonight ... 
I HAD SO MUCH FUN LAST NIGHT !!! :-D Now to pay the price .... working on four hours of sleep ... 
Just picked up her VIP wristbands for ACL :-) WOO HOO ! 
Its a beautiful Saturday for cat-sitting . 
Likes it on the dining room table 
ACL !!!! I'll be in the VIP grove . Later , haters ! ;-) 
ACL was great ! But this morning my car won't start :( boo ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Roadside assistance ! They were at my place in less than 20 minutes and I was on my way to work ! They didn't even laugh at me for leaving my inside light on since Friday ;-) 
Forgot my cell phone today ... so if you need me gmail or facebook me :-) 
ok . i have to buy a dress . which means I probably also have to buy shoes .. I hate dresses , and I hate shopping ... any ideas on how to make this less painful ?? I'm going to a daytime wedding ... have no idea what anyone wears to that ... Attention my Fashionistas ! I need a clue .. please help ! 
Wednesday is kicking my ass ... what is it with you , Humpday ??? 
my throat hurts .. this better be allergies ... 
Dear Friday , Thank you for being a friend ... :-) 
Well ... I've officially given up on wearing a dress ... it wasn't meant to be ... I tried .. I tried really really really hard . I tried on like 30 dresses ... they all make me look terrible or awkward or 85 years old- on the upside , I think I found an ok pants outfit .. just need some badass shoes and it will work out fine .. 
This week is really wearing me down . I need a pep talk . And two clones to get everything done . 
Outfit dilemma solved . < PROPMALE > FINALLY got gay with me and helped me get it together . Yay ! Tomorrow I get to be < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse for a work event ... and then Saturday I feel like there is somewhere I'm supposed to be ... what was it again ? ;-) 
Friday Friday Friday Friday :-) and then tomorrow ... 
Happy Halloween Everybody ! 
I think I might die of exhaustion . This weekend just wore me out . I hope I'm not getting sick ! ugh ! 
I will be leaving work early to drink at the Highball . Later , haters ... ;-) 
I've lost my voice . Feel like hell . Need Hot Tea and a Nurse , immediately ! :P 
Going home sick ... blerg 
People seldom do what they believe in . They do what is convenient and then repent . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes - < PROPFIRST > Hardy 
Its only November 9th and the thought of the holidays approaching already has me spinning into an inconsolable depression . Can we please fast forward to January ?? Please ?? :( 
I'm struggling to stay positive this week . This time of year is always hard for me , but I know I'm lucky in so many ways , I just need to < PROPFEMALE > in there ... 
Dear 5:00 .. get a move on already !!!! I need wine in my glass and looking forward to making a badass batch of enchiladas for dinner !!! 
It isn't enough for your heart to break because everybody's heart is broken now - < PROPFIRST > Ginsberg 
I am being so productive doing my chores ! Soon I'll have a clean house and I can go to Risi's and have some relaxing wine time ! 
the green chile < PROPMALE > and cheese is cooking as we speak ... next the green bean casserole ... yum yum :-) Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Celebrity Rehab starts tonight ! Woo hoo ! I love Dr. < PROPFIRST > and I don't care who knows !!! :-) 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . ( FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD VIOLENCE ! ) 
Watching 4 episodes of the Walking Dead last night was not the cure for insomnia I had hoped it would be ... 
If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time , then I'm neurotic as hell . I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days . - < PROPFEMALE > Plath 
ugh . everyone in my office thinks its cold outside , so they are baking me alive with the heater set to 80 degrees . WTF ?? 
I'm dog-sitting this weekend ... how long does it take to train a dog to make a decent martini ? Also , how long does it take to train them to use the litter box ? 
After spending a whole weekend taking care of a puppy ... I know for sure I am 100% a cat person . I'm exhausted and don't want to play tug of war with another dog for a long long time ... 
My cat < PROPFIRST > got out last night and I haven't found her . My heart is breaking right now ... everyone use your psychic < PROPFEMALE > powers and tell her to come home please :( 
Than you everyone for using your psychic < PROPFEMALE > powers . My neighbor found < PROPFIRST > , and was brave enough to pick her up and bring her back home ! As you might have guessed , they lured her out of hiding with cheese ! Its a Christmas miracle !! :-D 
Just served my green chile < PROPMALE > & cheese to the office ... needless to say I am now adored by all ! :-) 
and Vacation starts in 3 ... 2 .... 
Sister got me a kindle for Christmas ! Woooohoo ! 
I cooked and ate an actual dinner on my actual dining table with actual friends last night ! Soooo much fun ! :-) 
You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him , and there's nothing you can do about it , so let's have a drink - < PROPFIRST > Pratchett 
Today's goal : remain calm in the face of bureaucracy , be patient when people ask me to more than humanly possible , and hopefully find something fun to do this evening to take my mind off work ... anyone have something fun going on ? 
I'm at work . I should be in bed on this rainy Sunday . sigh .. 
I am feeling beyond stressed out today . I need to take a 20 minute scream break . It is so frustrating to not have anyone to talk to or anything to do with all these frustrated feelings ... so I guess that's why I just write it here and hope I feel better ? 
Going to Bender- k . bye . 
Just had a delicious lunch with < PROPMALE > ... now its off to help Mrs. < PROPMALE > with some painting ... wish me luck ! ;-) 
Sunday evening ... all the chores are done , nothing left to do but catch up on my soaps and download some new books on my kindle . At last we have reached a state of relaxation :-) 
Dear Monday , one day I'll find you and destroy you . 
um .. everything sucks and I hate it . I can't take it . 
this week is dumb ! Its too cold , now there's rolling blackouts that caused me to be 30 minutes late to work .. and a meeting I've been killing myself to get ready for is cancelled because the people can't get here by plane ... can we just call this week a failure and go straight to Friday ??? 
really wishes it was ok to go run errands in my pajamas today ... just one little ol ' day in my pajamas would be great ! Alas ... no rest for the wicked ! 
I'm having an identity crisis today . Doing research into food , diet , nutrition , agriculture , and the truth behind everything ... leads to nothing but trouble ! Knowledge might be power .. but sometimes i'ts extremely overwhelming . 
ugh . blah . and whatever . Yesterday , today and tomorrow all suck ass . Thursday .. I'll give you a pass since its < PROPMALE>'s bday ;-) 
Did I say today was bad ?? I was wrong .. today is Awesome .. just got my SXSW ( ahem ) Platinum registration in my inbox ! Time to get ready to party ! :-D 
I have strep throat and it ouches a lot :( 
ugh . I was feeling better .. then work started kicking my ass .. now I'm exhausted and only halfway there ... it is sooooo unfair for illness to strike when I literally am not allowed to be sick . :( also ... however ... being quarantined from fellow coworkers is nice .... 
I am really paying for my SXSW badges this year .. sick as a dog and working 12 hour days non-stop :( If I survive , I sure hope its worth it ! :P 
My strength is coming back ... watch out SXSW .... 
It's the small details of life that overwhelm me . What I need is an administrative assistant . :( 
Ugh . Getting sick again ! And stuck at work .. again ! < PROPFEMALE > needs some rest and relaxation :( 
is it possible to cough yourself to death ? Because I'm pretty sure that's what's happening to me right now ..... 
Going to the doctor ... and write this down on your calendar .. I've called in sick to work ! Spent the whole night coughing , can't wait for some meds !!!! 
