sick of financial aid forms , sick of getting blood drawn , just want to park my butt on the beach , well I guess I will have to study some too ...... 

classes over , no more O Chem EVER !!! 
no netflix online movies overseas , sigh time to cancel .... 
588 days and counting ( give or take a day ) 
585 and a butt ( partial ) days till graduation ( at least I hope so ) 
just call me Dr. Feelgood 
577 days and counting 
would love to tell the world how many days till graduation but cant fit that piece of information into a brain stacked with insertions , beta folds , and pictures on granulocytes 
just another beautiful day on the island so why have I been at my desk for the last 9 hrs ??? 
new mnemonics and yes I am bored at this point < PROPFEMALE > Meth is stinky shit = cysteine and methionine have sulfur in them H AR LY is positive = Histidine Arginine and Lysine are positively charged ( gotta give a sad shout out to < PROPMALE > - nice season , cant win with that offense .... ) 
WTB a photo upload app that wont blow my machine up and actually works ( or just get FB some new app programmers to replace the POS ones they have now as I think my 3 yr old would be better , he can count you know .... ) 
Just throwing stuff up for a certain someone who agreed to be my friend again after 13 years :) 
Still wishing that FB could hire someone with a brain to debug their stupid photo app . Sick of excuses ( a hint- jpg is a standard photo format using standardized data compression methods that are older than some of their programmers , ie it shouldnt be hard ) but hey what do expect from a site that spends more time trying to sell your info than actually improving itself . Time for FB 2.0 ( I mean Myspace 3.0 ) ... 
You know you are too old when your sister has completed her first year of undergrad . Of course you held your then 10 month old sister at your college graduation ( a moment that will live in infamy as several of us can remember ) . 
Sending my prayers out to < PROPFEMALE > Hobson and her daughter < PROPFEMALE > on this Memorial Day . SSG Hobson was a soldier of mine killed almost 12 years ago in the embassy bombing in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Almost 4 years since MAJ Guy Barattieri was killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq . A better person and classmate you will never find . \ 
\ 
\And when our work is done 
Gotta love generic emails that cost you $ 12,000 . Thanks alot AUC . Now you basically cost what a US school does when you factor in lower cost of living in most US locations . And you wonder why there are stories of $ 500,000 debt loads when you wont pay much on it for 7 years at the earliest . Obamacare is gonna sap pay scales eventually so lets see an accompanying burden-sharing of cost ala the UK . 
Thanks everyone . 24 today very exciting , dont worry you guys will learn to delude yourself too :) 
Here's hoping this one is more memorable ( if only for doing well on the tests they are giving me as gifts ) than my 18th . \ 
I was in Army basic training in the field in White Sands New Mexico ( 40 degrees at night , 115 during the day ) . I am under the stars cleaning my M16 when I look at my watch and see its 1230 realizing that yesterday had been my 18th birthday ! 
I love when people spout their views on Facebook and then when you challenge their views they call you all sorts of names and then defriend you . Can anyone hold a civil conversation about substantive issues without being insecure about their own views ?? You wonder why the US is in such trouble from both sides of the isle while the rest of us in the middle just suffer through their follies . 
I think I am going to fly my youngest in to take my finals . \ 
He is 3 . He turns on the computer , brings up Firefox , brings up Netflix , types Tho ( to get < PROPFIRST > the Tank Engine ) and searches through them till he finds what he wants . Not really surprising as he could run a DVD player from scratch by the time he turned 2 . Way smarter than Dad ! \ 
Bet he knows the markers associated with all these damn immuno thingamajigees 
You know blocks are here when the internet goes out ( power next ?? ) and the landlord chooses this weekend to do < PROPMALE > construction in the unit below you . 
To all those people who started with us who will not be coming back ( for whatever reasons ) I wish you the best of luck . We will miss you guys . 
Cant wait to be stranded in Miami on Monday ...... 
Ahh a cheap hotel near the Miami airport , not how I expected to be spending today and tomorrow .... 
Can I score a recording of classes for tom/Wed from someone ?? 
Apartment ok , car in perfect shape ( the fallen lamps off the lightpost missed by less than a foot ) but no power :( 
For those who care : GEBE website saying NLT < PROPMALE > afternoon assuming < PROPFEMALE > doesnt screw it up 
Ok GEBE I dont need you to shut off the power to study . I can do blocks ( Sat/Sun ) , ICM ( 10 mins before class ) , Med Micro Tutoring ( yesterday ) , and Physio 2 test review ( 10 mins before today ) ALL BY MYSELF ! 
If you ever doubt how important a QB is then look at UofM and Texas 2009 vs 2010 ... 
ok the rain can stop now , sick of listening to the damn storm shutters slam shut for the last 5 days 
Note to the people of Dutch St < PROPFIRST > , dont EVER go truly independent , if you cant run a damn power plant ( hell even the French can ! ) you sure as hell cant run a country 
OK GEBE you dont need to shut my power off to kill my study breaks . I promise to study !! 
I want more tests with an 87 average ! 
Yeah beat em - an upperclassman flashback 
Here's hoping the cushion and the curve in Med Micro are enough .... 
That must have been one HELL of a Med Micro curve 
Props to the NCAA for allowing us to watch the games streaming live from overseas , I dont even mind the commercials ... 
