I am excited for tonight ... Happy New Year Everyone !!! 

Happy New Year Everyone !!!! 
to everyone out there , i don't use facebook . If you have a myspace add me on there . myspace.com/dee_dee_marie 
I have a loooong shift tonight at work and I just really don't wanna be here today . It's just one of those days . 
Got my hair done today , it's super red and it's a little shorter . 
It is gonna be a looooooong week ! 
today makes 9 months that my love < PROPFIRST > and I have been together . I love you baby !!! 
Enjoying my day off with my love ..... I couldn't be happier . I have a job to support myself , a man that loves me for me and a great mother . 
Faaaack it's hot ! 91 degrees and it's only gonna get worse . But I had a blast at Johns Incredible Pizza in Fresno with my love and the bestie . 
Playing L4D2 with my love and enjoying my day off . I am so happy for my mom ! I can not wait , best news in a long time ! 
work was rough last night . When a certain manager is there , it seems like I can't do anything right . But I'm only human and I do the best I can . 
3:30 in the morning and I can't sleep ..... Thank God I'm off today ! I'm hoping things get better . My < PROPFEMALE > is really stressed out about his job and I'm stressed about my job . Working in retail SUCKS !!!!! 
Had a lazy Sunday with my love . Laid in bed , played video games and watched < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland . I am really not looking forword to getting up at 5am for work tomorrow . I hate it , but I have to do it . 
At Gams with my love , the bestie and her family having a BBQ . Huge steaks , corn on the cob and shish kabobs . Yum yum ! 
My loves grandpa passed away a little bit ago . I hate to see him crying , it hurts my heart =[ 
At work early again . My < PROPFEMALE > didn't sleep much last night , he was really close to his grandpa and his death has been really hard on the whole family . =[ 
Today makes 10 months that my love < PROPFIRST > and I have been together . It's kinda like wow , 10 months already ?? But it feels like we have known each other forever . I love you so much !!!!! He makes me so happy ! 
I'm about ready to go off . The customers today are being such assholes . I do NOT get paid enought for this . Welcome to Lowes .... 
Holy sheeeet ! I just did the 4.0 update for my iPhone 3GS and I can do a lot more now ! I even have zoom on my camera now ... Yaaay !!! 
Went swimming at Michelles most of the day . I had so much fun . I'm gonna do it again tomorrow too . It's nice to actually relax on my days off ! 
It is currently 106 here in Tulare , Ca . Went swimming at Michelles again , it was < PROPFEMALE > nice ! 
Just sitting here thinking ... I still can not believe that in a little over a month < PROPFIRST > and I will have beeen together for a year . It went by so fast ! It's so weird , it feels like we have known each other forever but yet it's still new . I love him with all my heart and soul and I can not wait to call him my husband ! We have a lot to work on because no one is perfect and we are young but I know we will make it . :] 
I sooooo need to get out of retail ! I've been in retail since I was 17 ( 4 years ) and I feel so old . It's hard work and very stressful with low pay . I guess I need to go back to school . 
Having a BBQ in Porterville with my love , his mom and her boyfriend . We are gonna have tons of veggies , corn on the cob , broccoli , baked potatoes , chicken , steaks , watermelon and homemade strawberry ice cream ! Yummy , yum yum !!! Then it will be time for fireworks after we eat . =D I am so blessed to have these people in my life ! 
What should I get my love for his birthday ? It's coming up , the 1st of next month . Anyone have an suggestions ??? Guys are hard to shop for lol 
I am super sad about today . My < PROPFEMALE > works from 10 to 2 and I work from 2 to 11 . So we won't see each other untill I get off work tonight . It sucks ! 
I love it when guy customers make me pick up the heavy stuff to scan and not even help me out at all . They just stare at me when I am struggling to pick up their stuff . What ever happened to being a gentlemen ???? 
So I have come to the conclusion that I am the best fiancé a man could ever have . ( well , also the guy at game stop said so and he also said that his girlfriend needs to meet me lol ) I bought < PROPFIRST > SO many amazing things for his birthday !!! I am so excited and I know he is going to freak , especially for one specific present . HOW EXCITING !! 
So tomorrow will make 11 months that < PROPFIRST > and I have been together . I gotta work 6am to 2pm and he works 4pm to 12am . So if anything we will see each other for an hour or two . Damn , life sucks sometimes lol All well , I love him with all my heart and I can NOT wait for the 31st to get here . We will be at Morro Bay for 3 days for his birthday on the 1st . I just have to be patient ' till then . 
Dear early morning shifts , \ 
\ 
I hate you !!! \ 
That is all . 
Today makes 11 months that < PROPFIRST > and I have been together . I still can't believe that a month from today it will be a year ! I love him so much and I can't imagine my life without him . I just feel so lonely right now , I'm at home and he's at work and won't be off untill midnight . I worked during the day and he's working the night . It sucks but it's life . I love you soooo much < PROPFIRST > !! 
It's great to see my parents get along and talk but it kinda hurts . Sometimes I miss the way things used to be . I think everyone with divorced parents misses being a family sometimes . But it makes me happy that they are getting along . 
Today has been pretty random so far . My dad came over out of the blue and took me to < PROPFIRST>'s for breakfast/lunch . Then we went to Lowe's ( of course I have to go on my day off right ? ) and he did some shopping . Pretty interesting lol but it's nice to spend time with him and see my parents get along . 
Onde estão minhas calças ? \ 
If you can read that , then you can read Portuguese . 
Had fun at the besties BBQ . Had steaks , Linguiça , pasta salad , corn and potatoes . It was sooo good ! Now it's time for bed , gotta get up at 5am for work tomorrow . 
At work early again . But after work , I have a busy day ahead of me . We are getting all ready for the coast trip , lots to do ! And then my spoiled fiancé gets to open his presents today instead of waiting for his actual birthday on the 1st lol all well , I am excited to see his reaction . 
OMG finally ! We are leaving to the coast tomorrow morning and I can't wait !!! 
Up bright and early at 5am but this time I'm getting ready for the coast , not work lol I am really excited that it's finally here ! 
Finally made it to Morro Bay . It's cold and overcast and I love it =D 
Today is the love of my life's 25th birthday ! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > , I love you so much !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I had such a great time at the coast . But now it's back to reality . Our faces are so sunburnt , it hurts ! Lol 
Oh lovely ..... now it seems that something is wrong with the transmission in my car . Just the word transmission costs money . If it's not one thing , it's another !!! =[ 
How amazing !!! Prop 8 was overturned !! What a great day ! No one should be able to tell anyone how and who to love ! Equality for all ! 
So to fix my transmission will be about 400-450 to repair . Can't I ever catch a break ??? 
Forgiveness is really the key to healing when you have been hurt . It's not for the person who wronged you , but for your own emotional health . I wish I could take my own advice sometimes . I just take life one day at a time . Forgiving is hard but I have to do it . 
I hate my car right now ! Seems like everything is happening at the same time . Now the batterie is acting up and my car is still leaking transmission fluid . I'm like scared to drive it now , this sucks ! I hope things get better soon ... I feel like I'm getting depressed again . 
A real man calls you beautiful instead of hot or sexy . Calls you back when you < PROPFEMALE > up on him . Stays awake just to watch you sleep . Kisses your forehead . Shows you off to the world . Holds your hand in front of his friends . Is constantly reminding you of how much he loves you and how lucky he is to have you . \ 
=] My love does all of this but he especially does the last one all the time . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
I would have jury duty on our one year anniversary ! That really sucks . I was planning a really nice day together . All well , that's life , gotta make the best of it . 
I HATE MY JOB ! Well I guess I should say I hate a certain manager at my job . I try so hard to please everyone but I'm not going to do it anymore . I am tired of being taken for granted ! I had a really rough last hour at work and I have reached my breaking point . I am no longer going to go above and beyond for my job anymore . Why should I ? I'm not appreciated . 
Apparently in life there are no breaks . Even on my day off I can't even relax ! I wish we had enough money to move in to our own place . We need our own space and privacy . But we will be stuck here for a long while sadly . 
Supposed to be at work but I'm at the emergency room with my love < PROPFIRST > . Poor guy hurt himself bad at work . He'll be ok but he's in a lot of pain . 
I have no idea how I got so lucky .... Today makes a year that < PROPFIRST > and I have been together . I can not believe that it's been a whole year already ! Feels like just yesterday that we met and feel in love . I love him so much and I can't imagine my life without him . \ 
I love you < PROPFIRST > !!! Thank you for such an amazing time in my life and I can not wait to celebrate our anniversary 50 years from now ! 
Seems like I can't catch a break . If I'm not being stressed out and treated like crap at work , I'm being treated like a child and being yelled at at home . My only break is < PROPFIRST > . It would be so wonderful if we could afford to get our own place !!! 
WOW , I can NOT believe that I have been lied to this whole year . I feel like I don't even know him anymore ! A lot of things came out today that he's been hiding from me and I can't believe it . I'm sure there is more that I don't know . My gut feeling was right the whole time .... it's sad , I feel like I don't even know the man I love !!! 
Tonight has been sooooo shitty !!! I just want it all to be over so that I don't have to deal with it anymore ! I can't get over the hurt and now my car is acting up AGAIN ! I just want to crawl in a hole and be left alone . I am so depressed ! 
Last night was HELL . More things came out that was being hidden from me , more lies that I didn't know about . I really thought we had a great relationship but little did I know ! I just wish it was all a dream , all not true ! Or maybe someone can rip my heart out to stop all the hurting !! This is a whole new person I have to get to know now . I seriously do not know him anymore . Everything I knew was not real . 
I wish I could stay home today . I am so depressed , I don't want to do anything . I just want to sleep and lay in bed and do nothing . I feel like I can't make it any longer but I know it's the depression . 
Today has been a struggle for me . The depression is really kicking in lately . I don't feel like doing anything , I just feel like I want to be left alone . Addiction , no matter to what , is such a horrible thing . I just wish that this was all a dream and that things were perfect like I thought they were . But this is real and we are taking it one day at a time . With God , anything can be done . 
Dear depression , please go away . I have had enough and I don't know how much more I can handle . I feel like I can not function right now . My brain feels like a million things are going through it and it won't stop . Please , can this all just stop now ???? I just want to be happy and have a normal life . 
So just found out that my mom has to go to Los < PROPFEMALE > to have surgery . I am super upset because it is a very risky surgery but she has to have it . I don't want to lose her , I love her so much . Please Lord , watch over her and make everything ok ! 
the weather is really , really amazing today ! It feels like coast weather . It would be nice if the weather was like this more often ! I can not wait for winter to be here already !! 
My babe and I are BBQing . We have tri-tip , bbq chicken , corn on the cob , potatoes and sweet rolls . Yummy yum !!! 
So my < PROPFEMALE > and I are at GameStop for the midnight release of Halo Reach and I have never seen so many guys in one place before . You'd think they were giving out free sex lol there is literally like 100 dudes waiting outside . DAMN ! 
Going to therapy is really opening my eyes and it's really helping me work on myself and how to deal with people and everything . Glad I actually went and still continue going . Most people would be embarrassed , but I am proud that I am getting the help I need . 
So Jeremys car got broken into . They took a paper from my work , a game cube that we were gonna sell and a bible . Who steals a bible ??!! People have no shame anymore . I mean come on ... a bible ??? What's the world coming to ? 
Going to the fair with my love !! Pretty excited , I hope we have fun ! 
We had a blast at the fair ! My < PROPFEMALE > made me conquer my fear going on a few rides that I was scared of and saw some old friends that I hadn't seen in a while . Over all great time ! 
There is almost nothing more disgusting than going to the store and seeing tons of people with carts FULL of food and they are buying it with food stamps !! People who actually work HARD for their money can't even afford to eat but yet these people just sit at home and get free food . < PROPFEMALE > is so twisted and it's not fair !! 
I really love Bible study and learning about the Lord ! Everything you do in life effects everyone around you . Thank you Lord for another beautiful day and for always being there for me and everyone else ! 
My mom is making me super nervous , talking about the surgery she has to have . She keeps telling me \if I die ...... \ " which is making me sad . Or she'll say \ " if I become a vegetable\ " . I don't like this conversation . " 
I am so excited !! I can not believe my < PROPFEMALE > and I have our own apartment !! I am nervous about it but excited at the same time . It's officially time to grow up !! 
I am getting super nervous about moving into my own place with my < PROPFEMALE > . There are so many things we have to buy ! I guess it's scary to move out on your own and I'm gonna miss living with my mom , she's been crying lol But this was going to happen one day . We all have to grow up some time ..... and it's really scary ! 
So the apartment is officially ours ! We payed and signed the papers today and we get the keys on the 6th after we get back from my birthday trip to Monterey . Then the moving begins !!! I am so exicted and nervous at the same time . 
Why must there always be drama in my family ? My dad isn't happy with the apartment I'm getting but to be honest , it's really no ones business but < PROPFIRST>'s and myself . We are the ones that are gonna be paying the rent and we are going to live there . Sorry it's not super fancy and big , but at least it's ours !!! 
I can't believe that I am going to be 21 tomorrow ! I have a big week ahead of me . Birthday breakfast tomorrow with family and friends and then < PROPFIRST > and I are going to Monterey for a few days . Then when we get back , it's time to move into the apartment ! Crazy ... but I am so excited !!! 
Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday !!! I had a great day ! Tomorrow we are going to the Monterey Bay aquarium . 
On our way home from Monterey . I really don't want to leave but it's time to get back to reality . I had a blast with my baby !! But now it's time to get things ready and move into the apartment the next few days . 
Kinda irritated that we didn't get the apartment keys tonight like we were promised . Now I have to wait until tomorrow night to get the keys which puts all the moving off for the weekend . All well , I guess it gives us time to shop for everything that we need . God has a plan and everything happens when it's supposed to . 
So we FINALLY got the keys for the apartment ! Now it's time to move everything in ! We pretty much only have tomorrow and Saturday to move everything in . I'm excited , to finally have our own place will be sooo nice ! 
It's been a crazy day of buying stuff and moving . Saturday is really going to be the hard day , that's when we are going to have everything moved in and hopefully done . We got a new puppy today too , his name is < PROPMALE > and he is a dachshund mix . I'll have pics up soon . 
So we spend our first night in our apartment ( damn it's good to say our ) and it wasn't bad . But then again we were beyond exhausted so we knocked out quick ! But it's great to have your own privacy and do what we want . Still got a few last minute stuff to move in but besides that we are done . 
We are getting Cable and Internet on Thursday and I can't wait ! I miss watching my favorite shows and I miss playing xbox live ! 
Why is it STILL this hot in almost the middle of October ??? Tomorrow and Thursday is supposed to be around 92 and that is ridiculous ! I can not wait for winter to get here . This apartment only has a swamp cooler so my room and bathroom are unbearably hot ! I can't take the heat anymore , winter hurry please ! 
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day today ! Sucks that I have to spend the whole day at work from 1:30 to 10 . All well , can't wait to get today over with because tomorrow my love and I are off together and we can finally spend a whole day together ! Thank you Lord God for everything ! Without God , we are nothing ! <3 
The niners won !!!! 
What is up with all the sex on tv ??? I feel so sorry for kids these days and what they are learning ! My < PROPFEMALE > and I were watching MTV and they started talking about fantasies and ordering porn ... WTF ???? Like does sex have to be in EVERYTHING ?? It's really sad that our world is the way it is . It makes me so damn angry !!! 
Today makes a year and two months that my love and I have been together . It's probably not usual to count months after a year but all well , it makes me happy . I love him so much ...... I love you < PROPFIRST > !! Thank you God for bringing us together ! <3 
Dear depression , please go away and just leave me alone already . You are ruining my life and making me feel like I can't deal with life anymore . I feel so helpless and I feel like giving up . I just want to feel better , I want to feel normal . So please depression , go away ! 
So I finally got my car fixed and it turns out it was just the battery terminals and the cables that needed to be replaced . It was only 60 bucks ! Thank you Lord because I thought it was my starter . Now we don't have to share a car anymore ! Yay ! 
So my < PROPFEMALE > and I went to the salvation army store in Visalia and we got a bookcase , nightstand and a lamp for less than 40 bucks ! They have really nice things there for really cheap . 
So much for my damn car !!! My mechanic says it's the battery but he must be trippin because it's my fucking starter ! Tried to start my car to go home and what do you know , it won't start ! Here we go again , sharing one car when we work opposite schedules !!! 
I don't know what we'd do without my mom ! She let's us do laundry at her house for free and she helped us out today with buying groceries . Thank you mom ! I couldn't ask for anyone better !!! 
This Oprah show is breaking my heart . She has < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and 200 men who were molested on her show . It's so amazing that they all were brave enough to come out and tell their stories . Too many people keep it to themselves . I know lots of people who were molested and I just wish people would talk about it more . It is nothing to be ashamed of ! 
Got my car fixed again today . The mechanic says it's not the starter , it was the car alarm wires messing with the starter so it was only 30 bucks this time . I am hoping that was it and my car will keep working from now on but I guess we'll see . 
Making dinner tonight when my love comes home from work . Baked chicken , corn on the cob , stuffing and cranberry sauce . Yummy !!! 
To all my Facebook friends who pray .. \ 
Can you all PLEASE pray for < PROPFIRST > and I ? We really need all the prayers we can get right now . Thank you . 
Can't sleep much , too stressed out and worried . I hate not knowing what the future holds . I know it's up to God and I can trust him but I am still really scared . I guess we'll find out what the future holds tomorrow . Until then < PROPFIRST > and I are nervous wrecks ! 
Well ain't life shitty !!!!! 
:( 
My love and I are making dinner together . We are having baked chicken , mashed potatoes , corn , stuffing , cranberry sauce and rolls for dinner . Yummy !!! \ 
Oh and it's our 1 year and 3 month anniversary . :) 
I'm excited this Thanksgiving ! We are having Thanksgiving lunch today with my mom and then tomorrow we are going to Porterville to spend Thanksgiving with < PROPFIRST>'s family . Haven't spent too much time with his family ( besides immediate ) so I'm excited ! The food is a plus ! Lol \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
< PROPFIRST > might not be excited about it but I am .... our snail had over 50 little babies ! ( well we lost count at 50 ) they are so cute and little . I have no idea what we are going to do with them all but I'll just enjoy them now while they are still < PROPFEMALE > . 
Can't believe that a month from today will be a whole new year ! This year went by so fast , how crazy ! The years really do fly by before you know it . 
I can't even express how much I hate the holidays ! Maybe it's because I work in retail and I have to deal with the public but I just can't stand how people are . Instead of being cheerful and nice , people are rude and act like assholes . I can't wait for the holidays to be over !!! 
Cutest conversation ever ! \ 
Jeremy : I wish < PROPFEMALE > was real . \ 
Me : why ? \ 
Jeremy : free presents nigga ! \ 
LOL I thought that was SO cute ! 
Today makes a year that < PROPFIRST > and I have been engaged ! A year went by so fast !! I love you < PROPFIRST > and I can't wait to call you my husband ! 
It's just great to get bad news ! \ 
When will things get any better ??? < PROPFIRST > and I are good people and we don't deserve this shit ! < PROPFEMALE > fucking Christmas !!! 
I feel really , really sad and guilty that < PROPFIRST > and I can't buy anyone Christmas gifts this year . I hope next year we are in a better situation and we can afford to get everyone gifts because the people we have in our lives are amazing ! 
So I'm kinda sad that the momma snail died . We have over 100 plus baby snails in the tank and we are gonna have to find a place for them soon because they are getting big . At least we won't have any more baby snails after this . Anyone have a fish tank and interested in a snail or two let me know . 
Damn you Toy Story 3 for making me cry ! It was such a good movie !!! 
Today is just one of those days . Life sucks and I am trying to stay strong but I don't know how much more I can handle . You know it's bad when a coworker tells you that you have sadness in your eyes :( \ 
I try to stay happy and hopefully but when you keep getting knocked down by life , it's hard . 
So today < PROPFIRST > and I have been together a year and 4 months . I was at work all day long so we haven't spent much time together but I'll be going home < PROPFEMALE > n . I love you < PROPFEMALE > much < PROPFIRST > !!! I love being with you every day and going through life with you . I couldn't ask for a better fiancé !! <3 \ 
@ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! To all my family and friends , I hope everyone has a wonderful day ! 
I don't know how people shop at Target . Everything is really , really over priced and people say Walmart is bad but it's the same at Target . There were long lines and screaming babies . So it's exactly like Walmart except everything is twice as expensive ! 
People have such nerve . Jeremys car got broken into AGAIN and this time they stole the faceplate off of his stereo . Like how dumb are people these days ??? You can't have anything nice anymore . It's really frustrating and makes me so mad . 
Não importa quanto eu tente , vou ser sempre o inimigo . Estou cansado de tentar e as pessoas podem acreditar no que quiser . Qual é o ponto de qualquer maneira ?? 
Little dude got neutered today . He's actually doing really well like nothing happened . It cost 70 bucks which is a lot more than I thought but it had to be done . 
I feel so emotionally beat down after yesterday and today . I am so tired of the drama and the fighting . I feel so hurt and just sad about the whole situation . When will things get any better for < PROPFIRST > and I ??? I can't handle much more of what we are going through . 
Damn you Disney Pixar for making me cry !!! My love and I are watching UP and the beginning made me cry so hard . This is the third Disney movie that has made me cry lol 
I don't know what else to do . I try to be a good person , I am always there for everyone , I pray and I keep hoping things will get better but it's just getting worse ! I am getting hardly any hours at work which means I am bringing home < PROPFEMALE > checks and bills are due . < PROPFIRST > still can't find a job , Lord knows he's trying so hard though . I feel lost and I am giving up hope . I don't know what to do ! 
So we finally got a little break , a little sun shine during this hard time . Thank you so much God for everything you have done . Although this is something small , it still helps us soooooo much !!! 
2011 has been really , really bad so far . Now I see why people give up on God and lose hope . It just keeps getting worse and worse ... 
What's the point in having a dad when he could care less about me ?? People say I'm lucky to have a father in my life but really , I'm not . It's more of a heart break than anything . 
My < PROPFEMALE > and I made shepard's pie for dinner . I love having a man that loves cooking and helps around the house ... couldn't ask for anyone better ! <3 
I LOVE how people judge so harshly when we drive around in Jeremys car . The reason why it's so damn loud is because his catalytic converter got stolen and we don't have the shit load of money it costs to replace it right now . As soon as we explain what happened , everyone is so understanding lol 
My mom is the best ! She invited < PROPFIRST > and I over for dinner and she made BBQ chicken , potatoes , corn , stuffing and cranberry sauce . It was SO good ! Now it's rice crispy time :) 
Just gotta get through work today and then I'll be off for 3 days ! Thank the Lord !! 
I feel so bad for the people in Egypt . Their country has officially turned off the Internet for them just because of some fighting going on . Sad that people have to pay for others actions . 
February is an exciting month ! Valentines day is coming up ( but knowing my luck I'm sure I'll be working that day ) and then on the 19th will make a year and a half that < PROPFIRST > and I have been together <3 
