is just a tiddily bit hungry hmmm .... what to eat .... 

feels even worse and HATES being sick ... 
has a wonderful sinus infection ! It feels like my cheekbones are rotting off ... 
is still feeling crappy ... I better feel better by the 4th gosh dernit !!!! 
Just cant believe it ... 
just dyed my hair \chocolate cherry\ " which is supposed to be red and it turned out dark brown almost black .... what the eff !!!!!!!! " 
was checking her facebook stuff not paying attention when right in front of her was a knife blade up and somehow sliced her finger and didnt notice until she started typing .... that mother stings like a beeeotch and its deep !!!!!! 
is confused , upset , shocked , disturbed , worried , stressed and doesnt even know with all the feelings of cleaning somebody's elses blood up from them being horribly treated and having to work bright and early the next day .... god give me strength , < PROPFEMALE > , 
had an awesome rockin time at the Journey concert !!! 
is happy my dad gets to come home today ! 
is looking into getting an apartment by herself again ! In council .... who woulda thought ? Hope it works out !!!!! Oh and also had another job interview today wooo Job numba 4 here I come !! lol 
is walking in the rain to go train at Ronnies and is then closing the night away working at Seven Devils ! 
is sleepy and has extreme bruises on her knees especially on her left one ... 
is working day number 6 thank god I got tomorrow off !!! 
just played beer pong for the 2nd time ever and sucked and is now super drunk .... at 3:30 pm .... wow lame 
had an interesting day yesterday but all is good now ! Its my friday wooo ! 
says its my birthday this FRIDAY ! SOOOOO GET UR SELVES OVER TO COUNCIL AND PARTY IT UP WITH ME !!! 
had a TON of fun last night ! Thank you to everybody who showed up and Rocked my Night Away !! Oh and also for the Birthday wishes ! :) 
phone is still shut off :( just waiting for some money to fall out of the sky is all .... 
got a kiss from her guy in his Army Uniform then cleaned her apartment and is now going to go snuggle on the couch watching movies with her guy ! What a day ! 
had to eat TWO Turkey Dinners wow I'm stuffed .... 
is having a few drinks with the family and a couple friends 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas too all ! Dont you all get too drunk now ! -- Well I know I am ... 
went to the bank , went to the store , walked to parents house , drove to pharmacy , went home and is gonna clean and later cook a Meatloaf with mashed tators and gravy with a side of veggies ! 
is adventuring the different realms in a spinning and swirling machine ! Aka doing laundry ... 
is filling out her unemployement wooo and is waiting on the Coop please hurry !! 
is gonna go play some beer pong tonite at Wilsons so you all better be there its gonna be fun ! 
is finally checking her stuff and visiting with her mom 
is hungryyyyyyyyy and going to hopefully watch Boondock Saints 2 tonite !!! 
is wondering about a BIG question .... 
is looking up wedding stuff holy crow ! Its in 3 months ! 
tried on wedding dresses today and is now gonna celebrate cinco de mayo with the parents !!! 
went to the Nickelback concert last night and had a BLAST ! And today found my wedding dress its perfect !!!! Thanks mom and dad ! 
Has officially changed her wedding date it is for surely september 4th at 7:00 ! I'll get invitations out soon !! 
is doing laundry at the parents and enjoying their lovely AC and waiting for < PROPMALE > to come home finally ! 
Just finally got a cell phone again yay ! 
I am spending time with < PROPMALE > before he leaves tomorrow :( doing laundry at the laundry mat and sweating my arse off ! 
is doing more invitations .... god I'm bored and miss < PROPMALE > 
is going to my Bachelorette Party ! New Meadows here I come ! 
is getting married today ! Tomorrow I'll officially be Mrs. Landweer ! 
managed to borrow the internet and is spending time with her husband before he leaves to Wisconsin and possibly for a whole year ... please sign those papers army peoples so he can come home for christmas !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > much snow it looks like a Winter wonderland sprinkled with powder sugar yum ! 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB ' til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
is excited to see < PROPFIRST > for christmas !!! 
Oh you know ..... 
I finally have internet yaaaaaaaaay ! 
Is listening to Pandora goshy I love music ! 
Had fun last night with the girlies ! Nothing like drinking , laughing , dancing and spilling your drinks ! lol 
Grrrr Rawr ! No Crotch Kickin Today ! I hope anyway ... guys beware ! lol 
is playing the Ace team which consists of my dad , TJ , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > so all BEWARE I'm gonna do awesome ! Especially you dad .... 
Its decided ! I'm having an affair with Darrins New Roomate !!!!! I Just cant help it tho hes sooo darn cute !! 
Today I checked the mail and got a package from my husband ! Inside was a real comfy black hoodie with his Unit Logo on the back ! And he got my Fable 3 ! My husband yet so far away still does not ever stop surprising and loving me ! I love you ! Hunny ! 
is going to eat some yummy greasy food , go to the post office , talk to < PROPMALE > about getting a puppy , and turn in my application ! Whew .... 
wishes my books could have come in the mail today because I really do fancy a comfy < PROPFEMALE > wearing coffee drinking lounging on my bed reading day ! 
is leveling her Slayer/Attack on Rune Scape ! And listening to Pandora ... yes I know I'm a huge nerd ! ;p 
is cleaning house so its ready for the puppy !! 
anything awesome going on tonight ? 
< PROPMALE > is officially in Iraq ! But is doing good and says they have awesome food and he shares a room with a great guy ! At least he has internet and can call me occasionally ! I miss you Hunny !!!! 
is going to babysit Gannicus today and also go to her grandparents house and have Sopopilla's with green chili , potatoes , and beans ! ITS < PROPFEMALE > GOOOD ! 
just hanging out with Gannicus and drinking coffee ... yay ! 
just watched the original Karate Kid ! Gotta love the 80s ! 
is sorta bored ... ne thing going on tonite ? 
gonna go visit with < PROPFEMALE > who's bartending at Wilsons so come join if ya want ! We girlies sure r fun ! 
Good Morning Day !! Can I borrow some of your sunshine ?! 
likes reading , drinking coffee and fishing on Runescape ! :D 
doesnt know what the plan is tonight but hopefully it will be fun .... anybody know of anything ?! 
is all done being gussied up listening to 80s and is now gonna go play some pool and play with my girlies and guys ! Anybody wanna join ? Im at Wilsons ! 
is going clothes shopping with the Chandlers today ! Yay I needed clothes like nobody's business we are gonna have fun !! 
just got back from shopping ! Picked out some cute clothes and pants yay !! They were well needed .... :D 
putting on my new clothes [ check ] , getting ready [ check ] , driving to New Meadows to pick up my sister [ check ] , watching the Super Bowl [ check ] , seeing my friends and families smiling faces .... priceless !!!!! I love good times ! 
watching True Blood , drinking yummy coffee and getting ready to play some pool for pool night tonight !!!!!! Weeeee 
joined the gym and is now going to do some workin out ! Wooo !!! :D 
wow just had a good workout with < PROPFEMALE > and is now eating half a banana some carrots and some 120 calorie soup ! yum !!!! 
Message to me : Wakey wakey Eggs N Bakie !!! 
Jammin out to 80s and getting to Rock out with the girls and kick One Eyed Jacks butts for Pool Night ! Yeah Baby !! 
Had a great time tonight with the girls and the guys and is now eating my veggies and drinking me some water !!!! Woooo Hooo !!!! 
just had a good workout and is now defrosting a steak ... lol yes a steak but eating a tasty banana !!! mmmmmmmm 
gonna go work out again ! Sure hope its fun !! 
In honor of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , make your profile picture of you and your love and tell how long you've been with them !! \ 
\ 
Together for 1 1/2 years Married for 5 months ! :D Love you < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! 
I do love me my music ! 
Happy Valentines Day everybody ! But most of all to My < PROPMALE > ! 
just had a really good workout ! And girls dont sweat ... they glisten ! 
Omg am I sore today ! I kept telling myself while I worked out last night to \feel the burn\ " well I'll tell you what ! I\ " m definetely feeling it today ! lol " 
All ready for another Pool Night ! Its gonna be another fun girls night ! :D 
Is totally ready for a visit to Moscow ! 
is going to have some FUN tonite hanging with my friend < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had a great time last night with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! We sure did need a girls night and it was worth it ! :D 
is going to doggie sit Gannicus again ! That silly little puffy furrball ! :D 
Getting ready for pool night who knows whats gonna happen ... but I hope it'll be good ! 
Gonna go play some pool tonight at The Ace Saloon so wish me some luck ! 
is feeling blah < PROPFIRST > dah reading my book and glad that my husband called ! But am also laughing cuz he's getting \unwanted\ " attention on facebook ... muwwwahahaa lol actually it is kinda sad/funny/mean .. but he knows I love him and its totally not my fault ! " 
somehow I hurt my back .. yeah its hurts like a mother effer ! Probly slept wrong ... yay for my day so far ! BUT I do get to talk to my hubby soon he will cheer me up ! :D 
Gonna party it up Mardi Gras style with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! So get ready Council cuz here we come !!!! 
Me thinking I no be lazy tonight ( completely anyway ) and is gonna go do some workin out ! 
Hmm got my hair trimmed yay and made a yummy sandwich now time for some Charmed ! 
Mmmmm coffee coffee coffee .... java java java ... la la la la laaaaa laaaaa lol I might be hyper ... sorry 
I am all ramped up and ready for tonight ! Our last \All Nighters\ " Pool game of the year ! So here goes and get ready cuz here we come ! :D " 
had an effing BLAST tonight ! It was sooo much fun hanging out with my girlies even tho I lost all my games :( but still for the last night of pool night it was totally kick ass ! 
I think I made somebody feel betters today which is something I always strive for and feel very happy about ! I'm glad ! 
is going out for a night out on the town ! Come join ! You know where I'll be ; ) 
Just talked to the husband we had quite a good chat ! Lol sometimes we get to mumbling about random stuff like , him wanting boys and if we do to nickname him \Dozer\ " for my dad ... lol wow dont know about that ! And for that to happen I'm supposed to put a styrofoam cup on my bellie smack it 3 times then hula hoop for 20 < PROPFEMALE > ! Yeah right < PROPMALE > ! lol Love you tho ! You make me smile :D " 
I looooove a rainy day ! :D lol Well sorta I wanted to go for a walk and maybe I still will ... or I'll clean hmmmmm decisions decisions .... 
Mmmm had me some cabbage and corned beef hells yeah ! 
Liiike totally awesome duuuudddde ! Gonna go get the 80s glam/rock on with my buddies so get ready Saturday cuz My Tainted Love needs some \untaintedness\ " !!!! " 
I had sooo much fun last night ! The 80s party was totally rockin and later at the bar beer pong was sweet especially since me and < PROPFEMALE > got 3rd woot ! Cheers to an AWESOME NIGHT ! 
is watching Charmed and drinking coffee .... 
Anybody doing anything fun tonight ? Ladies Night at Wilsons ? 
I got whipped at Wilsons during Ladies Night and loved it ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > you know I liked it ! ;) 
Love loves LOVES her husband and everything he does ! :D 
Just had a GREAT time with my friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! So totally awesome ! I dont know why but I giggled alot tonight and had a blast ! Thanks you guys ! It was awesome ! 
Gah my wrist still hurts ! And I have no idea what I did ... just hope it feels better ! :D 
is going to bed so she can wake up in less then 6 hours and go to Montana to visit my besties for a week ! Yay ! So glad to be getting outta Council its gonna be fun ! :D 
I'm off to Montana bye all I'll be back in a week ! :D 
JUST got Home !!! Yay I love it sooo tired but had lots of fun in Montana ! Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for picking me up I soooo appreciate it ! Plus the < PROPFEMALE > Garden was tasty dontcha say ? 
Yay ! The sun is out and its a bright sun shiny day ! 
Oh man I think I'm getting sick ugh ... I have a bad sore throat and I keep having a runny nose and sneezes ! Noooooooooooo Go away ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard & would do anything for you , who makes you laugh & drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you are thankful for everyday , & who you could not live without ... then brag on him a little & re-post this as your status ? He is all that and more ... :D ? 
is drugging herself up today in hopes that the ickiness will fade ... and seriously wishes she could go outside and enjoy the sunshine ! :S 
Still sick .... but hoping I'll be ship shape by the Saturday wow I < PROPFEMALE > hope so ! 
My mom has made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong ... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times .. But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !... Put this as your status if you had or have a wonderful mom ! ? 
Husband and Wife Week - If your spouse is your best friend , works hard for you , has been with you through thick and thin , loves you when you're at you worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the year you were married ... September 4 , 2010 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Baby Shower is at 1:00 pm its gonna be fun and sooo cute ! :D 
is Shouting out to Carolina .... HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLIE ! We are going to have a good dinner :D 
