Just out running around to places with my dad . We have to get stuff done 

Chillin like a villan 
Watchin tv . Bored as hell 
7 oclock is operation repo on tru tv funny show cant wait . 
Im in bed chillin like a villan 
skipped school \ 
and seriously bored will go tomarrow though 
Watching tv . XD 
Up at the bus stop cold . Waiting for a friend . 
Playing fish tycoon . 
my computer restarted out of nowhere !!!!!!!!!!! 
Just took my dogs for a walk and im hella tired . 
im tired . Cant wait till tommarow im gonna have a big ass yard sale . 
Yard sale time . Cant wait to get rid of this stuff 
Geting my senior pics taken today with a fall leaves background 
My frend canceled our plans last minute without telling me my day f ***** sucks . No one to < PROPFEMALE > with . So depressed . 
does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ?????????????????????? 
4Punched a locker today harder that before . My hand herts like hell . Like really bad . And i was pissed as hell before it happened . tommarrow it will be b 
4lack and blue . Literally . 
Havin fun on the field trip . Hyper as hell . 
AThis day is crazy as hell . All cuz my brother gave us a restraning order . And its based on ALL lies . Wtf the court date is my mom's birthday which is nex 
At week . 
my boy friend 
I just got dance dance revolution last nite the game is ssoo kool 
I am really good at it 
Listening to my music now taking a break from ddr just mite go get GUSS'S pretzals 
I just got aNETBOOK !!! 
on my mothertruckin netbook \ 
hell yeah !!!!!!! 
im getting a car for graduation and already have it picked out too !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > text me at 6365759672 i just got your friend request 
Got my brother back the bitch he was with is sycodic and threated his life 
I just dont get all this the bitch just needs to shut the fuck up and give my brother the rest of his stuff back 
We want it over and she wants to drag it out . Wtf her whole family is fucked up she hacked stevens facebook too 
At the orthodontist . Had fun at skol today . Love my boy friend . @ > -- 
i smell bacon there must b a cop nearby . Lmfao . 
funny day , i just cant wait !!!! <3<3<3 
i love him < PROPFEMALE > much !!!!! <3<3<3 his ex's just dont know what there missing 
im loving life . cant wait to move in with him then school drama will be over class of 2011 . loving that part :P ha ha ha 
did you burp ? you did say excuse me . lmfao 
no response ? 
keep your friends close and keep the insane people \personal\ " off my freinds list " 
fuckin bored as hell . Just sittin here listening to my music . Miss him hellas . 
my brother needs to go somewhere he used up ALL the cell fone minutes for this months AGAIN and i cant use my fone untill the 7th of this month wtf 
Bored as hell waiting for him to call me . Love him soooo much . 
i am single he was\ 
a worthless prick who didnt give a fuck about my feelings . he was allowing his friends to send me messages i didnt appriecete and then went i got upset he didnt want to hear it . THAT IS NOT A REAL GUY THAT IS A FUCKING PERSON WITH A MENTAL PROBLEM . 
I AM SINGLE AND LOVING IT HE WAS A PRICK FOR NOT CARING AND FOR HAVING HIS FRIENDS LEAVE ME MESSAGES I DIDNT APPEARCEATE AND ID GET UPSET AND HE DIDNT WANT TO HEAR IT . HE TOTALLY HAS MENTAL ISSUES DUH . 
bored as hell no one is answering my txts 
single and loving every minute 
i got kfc to eat for lunch 
looking for a boyfriend 
looking for a boyfriend anyone interested ? just send me a message . 
im bored wish i had a boyfriend 
im bored just bored wanting to talk to someone anyone 
Prank this number . 6364014137 
prank this number 6364014137\ 
let me know if you do . 
depressed 
very depressed 
wish i had someone who loved me basically a boyfriend 
Very d-pressed . Wtf 
heaven's doggy door 
heaven's doggy door is always open just like my heart was to you < PROPMALE > and to all my others up there may you all rest in peace 
talkin to my man rite now . love him sooo much 
i love him for real for ever 
but whys the rum gone ..... o wait i drank it thats why 
taken 
get to < PROPFEMALE > wit my boy 2nite 
im talkin to my man 
just found my first place to live with my boyfriend after i graduate in may 
i love my boyfreind 
lovin my boyfriend !! 
my boyfriend and i have been going out for a hell of a long time now 
u dont know wat ur missin , i aint missin shit wit my guy 
this here is a part of a song i wrote i think for when you lose a love youve had your whole life \since your gone there's nothing left for me here\ 
other songs i wrote are : \my one and only \"-- \ " take the time \"-- \ " mistake number 1\ " \ 
it's so amazing i think how i can turn different thoughts into one idea and one great song . MUSIC 4 LIFE !!! ROCK ON MOTHERFUCKERS 
I JUT FINNISHED MY SONG \ANYWHERE BUT HOME\ " \ 
cant wait till i graduate 
got to go to skol tomarrow hope its a better day 
skol was fun\ 
lmfao 
i love my boyfriend ssssssoooooooooo much @ > -- 
im talking to my boyfriend rite now 
bored as hell . my plans got cancelled cause of the snow . 
waiting for my boyfriend to call me back . \ 
he is so fuckin kool . 
idk somethings i just really dont know 
wtf why ??!!!!!!?????!!!!!!????!!!! 
i dont care anymore\ 
why should i 
been bored as hell 
nothing to do no one to talk to either 
bored as hell ... waiting for him to call 
Im going to bed its been a long ass day and im very tired 
lovin my boyfriend so much \ 
waiting for him to call 
life is great rite now 
Bored as hell wondering if he will call 
cant wait till tomarrow . shit is going to hit the fan !!!!!!!! ha ha ha 
420 sucks ass 
Im bored as hell rite now 
