looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow 

Time to go home , looking forward to going to dinner with my girlfriends !! 
Enjoying a day off and some quiet time while the kids are swimming at Mission Pool . 
Realized this morning that my daughter is visiting her dad , so I have to clean the bathroom . Bummer !! 
Taking < PROPMALE > to get a root canal , poor little guy . Please keep him in your prayers . They are putting him under for the procedure . 
We had my older three kids ' birthday party today . We planned a nice day at the park with an optional swimming session at the pool . Figures it would be 68 and rainy . Silly kids went swimming anyway , I sure hope they don't get sick . 
Thank you to my two fabulous sisters , I had an AWESOME time at dinner tonight !! 
black 
Give it to me straight 
I yelled at a ninja on your car because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
< PROPFIRST > 
Family Fun night tonight !! Shaggy Dog is the movie . I hope the fact that I am seeing this movie as an adult doesn't ruin my childhood memories . 
A little irritated 
Girls night out tonight , woo hoo !! It has been a long week !! 
Heading to the Rock and Worship Roadshow tonight , should be a lot of fun !! 
Happ Administrative Professionals Day !! Lunch out with the girls and the boss , tough life , I know !! 
April is cancer awareness month . In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer 
Getting ready to go to doggie court , is it weird that I am nervous ?? 
Taking my girl out to lunch for her birthday and realizing how old I feel to have a daughter that is 17 !! 
When you focus on the storm fear will overtake you , but when you focus on Jesus faith will see you through 
Playing softball with the youth group kids and then a lake day . Hope the weather holds out !! 
It's the most wonderful time of the year !!! 
I LOVE MY SISTERS ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this ... Sisters are a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you have sisters that are as amazing as < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > brought us coffee when they came back from lunch !! Thanks guys , you're awesome !! 
I am sad for my daughters ( and my ) friends tonight . They are going through a very rough time . Please pray God's will for thier family . 
The Boyscouts are coming in today and < PROPMALE > is going to teach them how to use fire extinguishers . He wouldn't let < PROPFEMALE > and I light him on fire so he could teach them stop , drop and roll .... Bummer 
This is so sad : Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is no known cure and sympathy does not help . But we ...... can raise awareness , 93% won't post because they don't know how to copy and paste . So sad !! 
< PROPFIRST > wouldn't get out of the car this morning . She gave me every excuse in the book as to why she couldn't go to school . She even offered to come to work with me and do my filing . She got a little more motivated when I got out of the car and threatened to go get a custodian to < PROPFEMALE > her in kicking and screaming . LOL 
I have no fear of drowning , it's the breathing that's taking all this work 
Had a great day . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > went to first service so they could decorate the house while I was at second service . They are so Awesome !! I am blessed to have them . Love you guys 
National weather service issued a Blizzard watch for Spokane from 7pm-10am tomorrow . That should be fun :-( Be careful everyone 
\God Rest Ye < PROPFEMALE > Gentlemen let nothing you dismay . Remember Christ our Savior was born on Christmas Day . To save us all from Satan's power when we had gone astray . Oh tidings of comfort and joy !! \"" 
I have no friends !! 
I am extremely excited for Winter Camp today !! 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
< PROPMALE > has strep throat , poor guy . Thank goodness I had the sense to take him to the Dr yesterday so he only had to suffer for one day and he will no longer be contagious at 4:30 . Now I'm hoping the rest of us don't get it !! 
Now < PROPFIRST > has bronchitis and a possible ear/sinus infection . My kids are getting slammed . Poor little guys !! :( * 
is SUPER EXCITED to meet my nephew .... c'mon July !!! 
If only you could see me yesterday \ 
Who I used to be before the change \ 
You’d see a broken heart \ 
You’d see the battle scars \ 
It’s funny how words can’t explain \ 
How good it feels to finally break the chains \ 
I’m not what I have done \ 
I’m what I’ve overcome 
