I LOVE HIM MORE !!!!!!!!!! 

LOL < PROPMALE > I LOVE YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > your alright too LOL jk 
Had a really long week . Working long long days so I am ready to just kick back and relax . We will see how far a get with that , concidering a lot of things piled up that I have to do that I did not get a < PROPMALE > to during the week . anyways I can try . 
Hey to you all , I have not got the < PROPMALE > to really set anything up on facebook untill recently . It is awsome that I know that so many my fellow alumni are still around and kickin it . peace 
in < PROPFEMALE > i meant . 
It is gonna be around 70 degres in < PROPFEMALE > so I am out and enjoying it . Hope everyone has a great day peace out 
GO PATS !!!!!!!! 
SNOW DAY !!!!!! I am so not going into work today . I have deffinatly earned a day off . The kids are not in school , why should I have to go right ?. Working mad hours has got me so dicombobulated . K , I am off to go sleep in . Hope eveyone has a great day . Peace out 
Slept in and spending time at home helping the rents . I am going to do some cleaning around the house , help cook some delicious Greek cuisine , decorate the tree and put candles in the windows ( our house looks beautiful every year ) , all while doing laundry . sounds like a busy day . better get to it later 
Oh yeah , I FINALLY get to meet my niece a week from today . She was born July 3 . I NEED TO HOLD HER . I wish they would all come up for Christmas but well , there are the inlaws too . We are gonna have a big feast next sunday . We need to make up for Thanksgiving which we deffinatly are going to do . I mean i had shrimp for Thanksgiving lol . Time to carve the turkey for real . ttyl 
Well I got most things done that were on my agenda today . Not everything but I give myselfe an A for effort . We ended up getting like maybe a half inch of snow here in western < PROPFEMALE > and we were prodicted a foot at one point . what a flop of a storm . They say it was too cold to even snow here . Nah 7 degrees is nice and tostie lol . 
Happy Holidays everyone . Best of wishes to all of you . 
MY NIECE IS GONNA BE HERE IN A FEW HOURS !!!!! I finally get to meet her . She was born July 3rd !!! the time is due for me to hold her . 
My Neice Is SOOOOOOO Beautiful !!!!! 
Men are like ... Snowstorms . You never know when he's coming , how many inches you'll get , or how long he will last . 
Back to work but only for 3 days . I can do this , I can do this . 
Do not mistake my kindness for my weakness . I like this saying . It says it all . I mean I would do anything for my people but damn . If you want to kick it wit me , lets kick it , but this other b s has to stop . I am a generous person but if you abuse it , i will drop u , like a used dirty nasty old tissue . Ya feel me . 
Still awake for some reason . Wached my clocks spring foward . Too exciting to contain myself lol jk . Wish I had someone here to keep me company . It sux being lonely . Maybe someday I will have someone to keep me company during my sleepless nights . Someone that will hold me and tell me everything will be alright . Giving me curage for things that I fight . Making the wrongs in my life seem right . 
-I am one of those girls who got your back , when somone needs a wack because they be talking s < PROPMALE > k . Or maybe it's just for a ride for a late night snack . Can I get a big < PROPMALE > ?, triple or duble stacked . Ha ha . These are things that these other girls lack . They be too busy flaunting thier rack . 
Im not one of those girls , those girls who do thier twirls with those fake ass pearls on the dancefloor as at whirls . Drinking that juice that makes them hurls , in the toilet as is swirls . That shyt makes me curls . 
Things are looking better for me . Spent most of yesterday working stuff out that needed to be worked out . Going to get shyt done this week that needs to be done . 
Misunderstood , confused , frustrated , anxious , exausted , mad . Time to change all this . Time to focus on my needs , not eveyone elces . If i lose people cuz of this , ill find out what they're really in it for . Thought i might have found someone special but .... got my hopes up again . Just a tool , why do i let this happen .? I know , cuz i just want to feel like i mean something to someone . Thats messed up . Or is it ? 
I understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
Y do I fall in love with ass wholes . I want a man who wants me for me . Not just cuz it looks good . 
Some guys can not handle an atractive woman . They just give them a lable and never a < PROPMALE > . Yes I am an atractive woman . But I can hold my own . Best believe that . I am not just some peice of meat out on a sampler table for everyone to get a tast of . 
Do whatever you have to do to keep the good things in your life good . - K . Hadley 
Someone get me an eraser cuz there’s a lot of sketches out there . - K . Hadley 
Feeling damn lonely , wish someone was there to hold me , make it feel right so I can sleep at night . - K Hadley 
Thank you everyone who posted !! For real , it made my day . For all those who didnt , U got 9 minuts or u suck ! lol jk I luv u all !!! 
lonely , everyone ditched on me , they all just want to bitch at me , cuz i want a certain G . even tho he gone now , ran me over like a plow , i still want him Right f'n Now !!!!! 
Missin a man I love so much . \ 
never knew what it was like to have such a crush . wantin his special touch , always makin me blush , givin me a rush , kinda like a clutch . like < PROPMALE > Chapelle in Half Baked , hes the dutch . Like Popeye needin some strength , hes my can of spin'ach . 
Snow Day !!! Playin in it and makin that OT and vaca time . :D 
