isn't moving very fast today but atleast the yard looks good ;) 

has become quite the gardner ;) 
is having another miserable day at the office ... wishing for more vaca time . 
couldn't be happier it is Friday and now only 4 more hours of this depressing office .... someone entertain me . 
is officially going to KOL !!! WHOOO 
had one hell of a weekend ! 
needs to get serious about some much need life improvements/upgrades ... pronto . 
is sunburned , sportin a black trunk and off to the Dugout ! YAY . 
needs a fast forward button today . 
still needs a fast forward button .... to happy hour ! 
is so over this work week already . 
could make running in the morning a daily thing ... feel SO much better !! WHOOO 
“Some people think that it’s holding on that makes one strong ; sometimes it’s letting go . ” 
has no appetite :( “Some people think that it’s holding on that makes one strong ; sometimes it’s letting go . ” 
is feeling better ... \Some people think that it’s holding on that makes one strong ; sometimes it’s letting go . ” " 
needs this work week to be over - Texoma this weekend ! Woot ! 
wants ... no NEEDS Friday to come asap ... Texoma here I come !! WHOOO !!! 
is seriously considering going back to school - Paralegal Studies !! 
is super stoked about Texoma this weekend !!! 
is \boo-ing\ " this work week already ... " 
can't decide what to go back to school for !!! 4 months or so to choose ... 
is listening to the new Modest Mouse songs ... love em !!! 
is thinking about getting a Medical Assistant certificate ... could be good ... pushing papers while wearing scrubs everyday ... sounds like my kinda career !! :) 
has had an outrageously crazy day already ... and it's only 2:15 !! 
is not looking forward to going home and mowing ... at least I have beer in the fridge . 
can't wait to meet my cousin's baby boy !! 
has officially decided - 100% going back to school for a Medical Assistant certificate !! :) 
is ready to kick ass in pool league tonight ... or attempt to ... haven't played all week . 
is still moving along , living and learning ... slowly though it seems . 
\Fear melts when you take action towards a goal you really want . \"" 
\Don't compromise yourself . You are all you've got . \ " — < PROPFEMALE > Joplin " 
is baffled at the stupidity and selfishness of some people ... it's so sad to the point of being just flat out pathetic . 
is learning to accept the disappointment , the regret , the pain and the consequences of caring for someone who didn't deserve it ... 
started the weekend hungover already ... good job < PROPFIRST > 
I'm selling a kid's bed set & dresser , flat screen tv stand and a kegerator !! C'MON - BUY MY STUFF !! 
is finally climbing out of this massive hole ... yay . 
has to stay focused on working with the < PROPMALE > changes that are unfolding . 
Thursday night pool league = < PROPFEMALE > over Friday ... every single week dammit . 
* sigh * Friday yet ? 
sat in on my first surgery Friday ... loved it !!... but now time to decide what I want to go to school for ... health care something or other ! 
had the ultimate weekend in AR - razorback tailgate/game , duck poppers , 6pt pbr , lake , 4 wheeler ... such a blast !! 
radiology ... surgery .... surgery .... radiology ...?? This is the question to my life right now . 
I could fall asleep standing up right now . 
had a very fun weekend but upset about losing my ipod . * Inglorious Bastards Tonight * whoo hooo 
is excited for family coming in town this weekend !!! woot whooo 
is ready for this work day to be over , pool league tonight then closer to the weekend with the fam . 
kicked ass in pool league last night then alcohol kicked my ass ... again . Ready for family stuff then < PROPFIRST > time tonight ... oh , and I heart Pinback . G'day . 
had a blast this weekend ... had < PROPFIRST > time , got a massage , watched my brother in law place 6th in the Redman triathlon , saw old friends , went to the fair and played some pool ... can't get much better than that !!! 6 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 10:34:56 7 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 10:47:11 
my liver is angry and my eyes keep trying to shut ... don't think I'm gonna make it today ... 0 bosses = 1/2 day vaca 
thinks this is going to be a dreadful day ... sad face . 
is leaning quite far towards Radiology Technology ... OSU-OKC here I come . 
will be getting the new palm pre in the mail soon and a new number then going to shadow a radiology tech next week ! Things are finally coming together for my \fresh start\ " ... about damn time ... only a few more things left to handle ! " 
wants to know who is going to KOL this Saturday !!!... 
whooo new phone !!!... new number soon ! 
can't wait to leave ... pool league tonight !! whoop whoop ! 
is pretty stoked to go bowling tonight then KOL tomorrow night !! WHOO HOO !! 
had too much fun this weekend ... now onto another week at work ... makes me want to go back to school more and more everyday . 
has to go running tonight ( Race for the Cure on Saturday ) then setting up the new desk !! YAY ! First ... get thru work . 
is just a little sore from last night's run but love it ... doing it again tonight then some mom time ! :) 
is not in the mood for this today ... where is the sun dammit ?? 
is going back to the hospital today to check out Ultrasound Tech then time to make a decision theeeen time to tell the boss ! 
likes general Radiology over just Ultrasound ... soooo Radiology Technology it is ! whoop ! 
“No one saves us but ourselves . No one can and no one may . We ourselves must walk the path . ” 
just enrolled in the prerequisites for the Radiology Technology Program !!! Finally feels official ... now to tell the boss ... whenever he finally gets back from his vaca . 
has told the boss about going back to school ... not the way I planned but that was his fault ... he of course , \doesn't want me to go\ " . Good possibility I'll be selling the bedset today ... finally !!... then dinner at SG and finish the bday picture project with mom ! :) " 
is ready for much needed family time ALL weekend !!! Can't wait to see everyone ... miss you E !!! xoxo 
finally sold the bedroom set !! Pool league tonight then family time ALL weekend !! YAY ! :) 
can't wait to see the FAMILY ! :) miss you E !! xo Now , 8 hours of \work\ " ... yay ... " 
can't wait to see the FAMILY ! :) miss you E !! xo 
had a great weekend with the fam and topped it off with a pretty quiet Sunday night ... feeling good today , time to create some work for 8 hours !! 
not sure how to explain herself today . 
is going running tonight ... for sure !!! Then finally watch Transformers 2 bc apparently I'm the last person on earth that hasn't seen it ... 
had a great run last night , now 8 hours of work then pool league tonight !! YAY ! :) Also ... I love deer sausage !!! 
is so tired of being bored at work ... 8 hours feels like 15 ... so ready to go back to school !!!! 
has one more hour of \work\ " then on to POOL LEAGUE !! Whooo !!! ;) " 
has a long day ahead ... I'm already bored at 9am . awesome . 
isn't quite sure about today ... wish I had a time traveling machine ... 
is IN LOVE !!!... with my new bed ;) 
\Thoughts become words . Words become actions . Actions become habits . Habits become character . And character becomes your destiny . \"" 
tick tock , 5 o'clock ? 
is going running then BATTLE OF THE BANDS @ BORA BORA !! WHOO 
needs to learn that drinking so much .... ESPECIALLY during the week is NOT a good idea ... but had a blast last night anyway , cOnspiracy of Angels KILLED IT !!! 
is over this day . 
shot a 25 last night !! A fucking 25 . If you know what that means , you're laughing , if you don't ... 25 = BAD . 
wishes getting better/more sleep was possible last night , I'm beyond exhausted ... need to go run but will probably blow it off ... probably . 
“We cannot become what we need to be , remaining what we are . ” 
is itching for a run but excited for the Thunder game tonight with the fam and bestie instead ! 
is ready for Cheever's lunch today and Turkey Trot Thursday !! Excited for bedlam but I have NO IDEA who to side with ... I'm a Sooner Cowboy ... I can't decide !!! ;) 
gets off work at noon tomorrow and should be pretty good weather so I'm thinking dog park .... anyone want to join me ???... my boxer needs atleast 300 , maybe 400 laps to get rid of all her damn energy . :) 
is getting CLOSER !!! WHOOO HOOOO !!! 
has a song stuck in my head everyday I wake up , today is Lasso by Phoenix - \Forever is a long long time When you lost your way Trying to follow your ideals But your so-called life It is such a waste When you realize No you don’t realize What you say yes to \"" 
had an intense night at pool league but we pulled it off ... pink team was victorious !!! WOOT ! Also , kinda bummed that tonight's previously scheduled event was cancelled but happy I'm now able to go to the gym ... I want to run for like an hour .... seriously . 
has officially begun 1/2 marathon training ! 
is ready to go back to school !... 34 days and counting !! 
can't get enough of this quote : “We cannot become what we need to be , remaining what we are . ” ... story of my life . 
got a new windshield for Christmas .... and couldn't be happier ! 
is counting down the hours of this miserable work day ... ready to go for a run then see the fam !!! :) aaaaaand Avatar is pretty badass , btw . 
is kinda regretting the snow shovel workout yesterday , back is screaming in agony !... 6 more hours of \working\ " ... yay . " 
loooooves loves loves crossing things off my list ... only about 142 more things to go ! :) 
is moving a little slow today ( P90X is kicking my ass but I love it ! ) ... and have too many things to do to be sitting here at work \working\ " ... bulllllllllshiiiiiiiit . " 
is out this bitch ... gettin out tonight ... feelin good , feelin great ! woot whoo ! 
In the new year , I will live one day at a time , I will not dwell on the past or future and I will continue to move forward in my new life . 
can't wait to start school !!!... 16 more days !... also can't wait to get off work ... 5 more hours !! ( thats for you Mr. Brown ) ;) 
is getting slammed with work today ... karma for slacking off during the Holidays ... and forgetting to type 2010 instead of 2009 is driving me bat shit c.r.a.z.y. 
is proud to admit/accept responsibility for myself , I will no longer run back to the one thing causing the problems in the first place and I'll be healthier and happier because of that * smile and g'day * 
wants this day to go by FAST ... ready for the gym !!... then not sure now ... Roxy stood me up for some guy named < PROPMALE > Paisley ...? ;) 
is amazed by all my various transformations over the years ... but the latest is the greatest ;) 
wants it to be Spring !!!... 5 < PROPMALE > on a treadmill gets BORING !... think I'll do kickboxing today , let out some frustration with air punches :) then dinner and a movie with a very lucky boy ! lol jk G'day! 
dun da dun dun ... boot camp today !! 
is pretty sore from boot camp last night but love it still .... totally ready for pool tonight , I've been missing all my league buddies :) 
just made the executive decision NOT to play pool league this session ... bummed but school is priority ( dammit ) 
is 1 month alcohol/drug free today !!!!! ( Trust me , I'm having trouble believing it myself !! ) 2 months nicotine free ... that was the easier of the two ( and so VERY rewarding ! ) I think I'll go for a 1 hour run today to celebrate ... get it , 1 month sober = 1 hour run ! ha . * SMILE * 
is wondering why this Monday has decided to be so evil and go by at half speed .. and boot camp after this miserable day is going to be rough but had to fit it in sometime this week !... excited to try out my new running shoes !! yay ! 
oh spark spark spark , what would I do without you ! 
is proud of the person I have become . My past is my past and it has made me who I am today but I cannot dwell on the mistakes I've made or the people that were a part of it , I have much to look forward to , and couldn't be happier or more excited to see it , with a new clear and more positive attitude . 
has no phone ... beyond annoyed ... visit to Sprint first thing in the a . m ... awesome . 
YAY ! phone is back ... it was just taking a little break ;) 
is feeling a lil bitchy today ... and have a loooong day ahead of me . 
8 hours of work , done . Now 2 1/2 hours of a&p ... think big picture ... worth it in the long run ... only 2 years ... worth it in the long run ... only 2 years . :) 
has to think big picture ... worth it in the long run ... only 2 years ... worth it in the long run ... only 2 years . :) 
is ready for the 12+ hour day of school/work/school/study tomorrow . ( I'm serious ... bring it the f on ! ) 
isn't feelin like studying much today ... maybe some couch time with milk and thin mints will help . :) 
is at home today ( again ) ... studying , p90x and dvr it is . cabin fever will be setting in soooooon bc I got up in time for work and can't go back to sleep . lame . 
NEEDS to get OUT tonight ... or something ... I'm going bat shit craaaazy . 
is about to get out of this house !!! YAAAAY !... I'm more excited than a kid on Christmas morning ... seriously ... 2 1/2 days of doing nothing but studying and p90x is driving me crazy ... er ! ;) 
is almost done getting notes etc prepared to really start studying for my first a&p test !!... so overwhelming but I LOVE IT !! aaaand FINALLY about to go for a run !!! yay , a much needed break from p90 !!!!!! :) 
will be happy when this dreadful day is over ... 
did rather well on the first a&p test ... good start to the semester ... now to celebrate with more studying ! ha . 
urbandictionary.com-A girl who is very funny , caring , extremely intelligent , talented , & not to mention absolutely beautiful . In short , just perfect . A < PROPFEMALE > will get along with nearly anyone & always knows what to say to cheer you up . She's a great friend & would never betray you , would care for you no matter what . A < PROPFEMALE > is the kind of girl who once you meet her she'll always be in your heart . 
is going to take a night off from school tonight .... treat myself and go to pool league ... I think I deserve it . 
has a bunch of new music to check out today !!... music makes me happy , working then studying later doesn't . 
is ready for the gym then A&P tonight ... thinking about hitting up boot camp in the a . m ... 9 is rather early for a hardcore workout on a Saturday though ...... eh , it's worth it ! :) 
had an awesome boot camp this morning !!!.. time for lunch then study ! Yay for weekends .. 
is exhausted today ... hope school gets cancelled ... or something ... want to go run ... missing my bed ... don't want to work ...... this day looks like hell . 
is delighted with how life is going right now ... I can honestly say that I am much happier and excited for the future because the best has yet to come !!!.. 
is going to treat my car to some much needed maintenance tmrw with my tax refund ... she deserves it more than me ... poor thing . 
will hopefully get to boot camp tonight ... then home to learn roughly 250 flashcards and 4 chapters of outlines for terminology ... damn A&P has been ruling my life and haven't even glanced at MT .... I have a week , it's cool . 
is ready to go do some thangs .... be productive and such ... 
is studying then going for a run ... just like any other Sunday ! :) 
loooooves plyo in the morning !... \get your mind right people\ " ... makes for a good Monday ! " 
has enjoyed driving the mom's denali the last couple days ... but so ready to get my car back ... one color ! :) aaaaaaand SO ready for boot camp tonight as well !! MT test tmrw a . m ..... 11 out of 250 f-cards till I feel 100% !!... not too shabby . and , G'DAY!!!! 
just aced the terminology test this morning ... great start to the day !!!... now work , school then packing !!!!! whoop ! 
is shutting down ... not good . 
feels a little better today , woke up and did kickboxing ... would be much more fun with a punching bag though ... ( bday idea !! lol ) ... now to \work\ " then off to FLORIDA !!!!! Ready to see the pops and some awesome weather !!.. and actually ready for the 3 1/2 flight ... prime study time !!! :) " 
is studying at the moment .... in Florida , with awesome weather ... damn A&P ... I hate you . 
went to Jazzercise with the Dad's gf this morning ... quite interesting , I must say !... dinner and shooting pool with the pops tonight ... pretty jazzed ! hahaha I'm clever . :) 
is Oklahoma bound . 
is so over studying for this A&P test . Can it be Monday at 6pm already ... please . 
is going to try and have a happy work day !!!... then bootcamp and studying later !!... pretty exciting right ?... yup . 
needs to get more than just 5 hours of sleep !!!... maybe Sunday ?... excited to see all my \pool boys\ " tonight !!!... let's get this day goin !!! :) " 
had bubble gum ice cream from baskin robbins today ... still love it :) 
has seen enough . 
woke up with a killer headache this morning after only 5 hours of sleep .... so , no workout + Monday morning = Cranky < PROPFIRST > . 
placed 2nd in my age group ( 25-29) !... 23rd female overall ( out of 113) !... not too shabby ... just a 5K but still , that's fun !!... I'm pumped for the 8K in two weeks !! :) 
is ready to p90x it then stuuuuuudy !... gah , don't be so jealous ;) 
almost didn't come back to work ... seriously , took such a long lunch they probably didn't think I was coming back ... shouldn't of came back . Dang . 
is in crunch mode . Lots to do before the next test ... and going out of town before it ... again ... really need to start planning trips better * shrug * 
is over this day . Ready for a run after work , study , pack then smooooooothies ! :) 
has been quite productive today . CardioX & Ab Ripper this a.m. , worked , shopped ( Old Navy is awesome ) , ran 3.5 ish < PROPMALE > , packed , made dinner and studied ... I think I deserve my smoothie now . G'night . 
is ready to get on the road with the sista , seeing the AR fam this weekend and studying on the side ! Have a great weekend !!! * SMILE * 
is home after 5 hours of driving solo ... and a speeding ticket ... now to STUDY !... no more trips for me till after May 12th ( maybe ) . 
is working while studying !... just hope I can guess on tests as well as I procrastinate studying for them . 
is a little surprised ... thought I did \ok\ " on my A&P test ... turns out I did GREAT ! haha ... YES ... continuously inclining grades are much better than the alternative !... so stoked right now ... and to celebrate ... more studying !!!! :) " 
is in a fabulous mood this morning !!!... hope it stays all day !!... going to see wonderland tonight , pretty excited !!! 
is over this week . Ready for the busy weekend !!!!... see E&R , St. Paddy's race , < PROPFEMALE > O's bridal shower , Dickensheet wedding , family brunch , THUNDER GAME and maybe fit in some pool time !!... But now , to get through the next two work days ...... drag . 
just got suckered into playing league tonight ... being an alternate has it's advantages ... and disadvantages ... the one night I could go and didn't want to , I have to . Whatever , pool makes me happy anyway . 
hasn't exercised in the last two days and not sure I'll get to it today either ... feel like a big blob of grossness ... St. Paddy's race tmrw tho ... then busy busy . 
really likes \Carolyn 2.0 \ " :) " 
is treating herself to a new pool cue today .. can't decide though .. this may take all day .. 
took a half day off work this morning , slept in then went for a run ... that's about as \Spring Break\ " as I'll get I'm afraid .. " 
had a pretty sketchy guy at the gas station tell me he just ran out of gas and asked if I could help him out , after I politely said no , he got in his car and drove off . LOL Gotta love my neighborhood . 
didn't get up early enough to run before work this morning ( again ) ... have to fit one in before pool league tonight .... and really hope my new cue gets here today !!!! 
has a feeling this is going to be a LOOOOOONG Friday . :( Bad weather this weekend = prime study time !... maybe even catch up on shows and watch a movie ... or two . 
wonders if I could just replace my tibia and fibula with steel rods ... all I want to do is RUN !!!!! * very sad face * 
probably shouldn't of put off studying so much last week ... now I'm sitting at work freaking out about how much I really need to be studying ... ugh ... another half day maybe ..? 
wants a cup of cran-apple juice and a pack of gushers . 
put off applying for the radiologic technology programs way too long , didn't realized the deadlines were so close ... time to snap into gear !!!!... want to apply to all 3 just in case !!... oh stress , awesome . 
only has one shot to get into the Radiology program for Fall 2010 ... fingers crossed !!! 
doesn't want to be at work all day !!!.. don't think I will either ... leave early , get some school stuff in order , take Izz for a walk then on to the Thunder game !!!.. ha , sounds like a plan . :) 
had a great night with the Mom !!!... Thunder SMASHED the Lakers WOOT WHOO !!... awesome game ! :) Time to snooze ... hella busy tmrw !! 
has a busy busy day ahead !!.. finished the brutally < PROPFEMALE > & hilly < PROPMALE > 5K in 27 and some change ... awesome start to the day !!!.. now , moving on .. :) 
is sleeping on the old bed because the new bed is too soft ... I feel like Goldilocks !!! 
probably should of looked at this MT test review sooner but it's cool .. apparently I've become quite the guesser ... I got this . 
has 2 Thunder tickets up for grabs for tonight's game .. starts at 6 , playing the Timberwolves .. damn good seats . First person to call me gets em .. 
has officially declared her newest project .. the backyard . It has so much potential , hopefully I can make it happen .. maybe even a veggie spot .. yup , I'm all over it . 
is lacking motivation for school , bad .. next 6 weeks need to go by real quick . 
just had a wonderful lil treat after bootcamp .. frozen bananas and strawberries ( cup or so of each ) , cup of soy milk ( light ) , throw in some protein powder and it's heaven in a cup .. try it :) 
just bombed an algebra placement test ... lol It's been YEARS since I've had to use that junk ... may need to brush up on it a bit before taking it again ... maybe . 
has AC in the Altima again !! WOOT ... it's not going to be a miserable summer !! :) 
is drained . Ready for league .. it makes me happy . 
is going running after work today !!.. first time in a week or so ... let's hope these Mizuno's help my splints .. if not .. on to the foot doc !.. getting tired of this .. I just want to run , pain-free . 
got a ton done this weekend . Couple runs , yard work , dog to the park , got a sponsor , took care of my yogurt and sweet potato fry fixes , got sunburned aaaand studied a bit .. more to do today too , life is good :) 
has begun the bday week celebration .. kicking it off with a family shrimp boil at the rents !!.. missing my sistas and broinlaws . 
should probably be more concerned with my lack of preparation for my A&P test tonight ... but I'm not ... 
is super duper excited for the Melting Pot with the rents tonight !!... and to go run ! :) 
wants to thank everyone for all the birthday wishes and sweet comments .. they made my day ( seriously ) .. I'm truly blessed to have such amazing family and friends , thank you ! 
had a fun night last night ( Shot a 47 !!.. best yet ) Finally getting a new mattress today so I can go back to sleeping in MY bedroom like a normal person ! YAY ! :) 
probably isn't getting the new mattress today , thanks rain , and have to take my run to the treadmill , thanks again rain ... you suck . 
is Running for Water tomorrow morning .. and thinks you should to ! ;) 
is going running for water ... in water ! Ha .. awesome . 
is 4 months sober today !!.. that's crazy ( in a good way ) :) 
can't believe it's been FIFTEEN years since the Memorial Bombing .. if you can , participate in the run/walk events this weekend to honor those lost and affected by the tragedy ... I sure am ! 
needs a wireless space heater to take with me to A&P ... so miserable . 
didn't realize it's the anniversary of the Columbine today .. such a sad and disturbing day 11 years ago . 
had a bug commit suicide in my eye while running tonight , not cool bug , not cool at all .. that shit hurt . 
loves Heritage Hills . Seriously .. cutest neighborhood , ever . I want to live there .. again . 
has two more tests then FINALS !!.. bring . it . on . Application is finally going in the mail today .. fingers are officially crossed and nail biting has begun . 
has seen more spine in jellyfish . Ha . 
is ready to leave this here dungeon , get a run in then pick up the sista from the airport !!! Busy busy weekend ahead ... super stoked :) 
is running the last leg of a relay for the Memorial Marathon tmrw a . m .. everyone should come out and support the runners , the energy at this event is AMAZING and I'm pumped just to be apart of it ... and good luck to my sister < PROPFEMALE > running the full !! Love ya . 
loves Durant's lil shoulder shake during his free throws , too funny . 
ran the 10k leg in 58ish .. slower than I wanted but totally satisfied none the less . Now onto NMF !!!.. family dinner then maybe shoot some pool ??.. I really , really need to . 
had an awesome weekend with the fam and a great run yesterday .. now ready to get this A&P test over with ... and ready for league on Thursday .. missed my pool night last week . 
didn't even make it passed half time last night , apparently we lost which isn't surprising , they weren't making shit . Now , class , work , class then league .. yeah , it's gonna be a long day . 
would really appreciate it if this headache would subside .. that way I won't be a complete bitch the rest of the day and night .. well , maybe . 
is in a much better mood today . Good night last night , excited to run tables at league again tonight ! ;) .. pool is my release , I love it . 
didn't shoot very well last night , over it . Ready to get my hairs cut then fit in a run before the Thunder game !! WOOT WHOO !!.. think I may try Papa Murphy's as well , heard it's fabulous pizza !! :) 
is sick to my stomach . I really wish there was a way to erase people from your past .. I do but I don't . I am who I am today bc of it but it just sickens me to see who they have become today . It makes me happy that I finally snapped to my senses but just wish I would of been smarter in the beginning . ugh .. venting on fb , so lame but I can't get ahold of my mom LOL GO THUNDER !!! :) 
finished the < PROPMALE > Thorpe 5k in 26:45 .. best time yet , 2nd in my age group again .. good start to a new day :) 
thinks an early morning P90X is necessary after this food filled day ... ew ... bad < PROPFIRST > . 
feels awesome . So refreshing to pour your heart and soul onto paper .. not caring who reads it .. just put it out there , accept the past .. and yourself . 
just found my beta fish laying next to his bowl ... wtf ... was that a suicide attempt ?.. little shit must of just jumped right out .. no idea how long he was there but he's still kickin it .. so far . Real weird . 
wants another chocolate peppermint < PROPFEMALE > bar .. those things are tasty !.. and I don't feel guilty :) 
stayed up WAY passed her bedtime last night .. totally worth it tho .. and was SO close to shooting my first 50 last night .. but apparently I'm < PROPFEMALE > of the scratch shot .. insert cuss word of your choice :)) 
is such a sucker for frozen yogurt and sprinkles .. it's so plain but I looooove it ! :) 
forgot how awesome P90X is !!.. it's been awhile .. was being quite the slacker lately . Now for the dog park with my favorite bitch . Ha . 
Happy Mother's Day to all my beautiful Mom friends and family !!!.. hope you all have a fabulous day today !! :) 
can't do this everyday anymore .. desperately need something new to start .. hoping and praying that it's school bc I can't handle this mundane work life for another year . 
is ready for kickboxing !!!!.. it's been a rough day . 
loves that when tornado sirens are going off in Oklahoma people are still shopping and going about their business as usual .. too funny . 
needs someone to mow her lawn .. seriously .. any takers ?.. name a price ... a reasonable one ! 
has been doing really well not wearing flip flops and shins are much better .. feels great to be able to run without that pain .. so , so great . :) 
wants waffles . 
is off to Chicago !!.. much needed vaca and break from okcity . :) 
had a fabulous weekend in Chicago !.. now heading back to okc . Bitter sweet . 
is jazzed about leaving work early today !!!.. can finally be productive before 5pm !!! :) 
is trying to be patient while waiting to hear about school . But seriously .. 2-3 more weeks ?... I thought torture was illegal . 
is just making it through yet another boring/miserable day at the office . I need some SPARK ! :) 
started her Monday morning at work with a phone call from a cranky redneck ... oh the < PROPFEMALE > of oil and gas . 
made it to work on time today ! * < PROPFIRST > on back * ;) 
got summoned for jury duty , yet again .. time to type another \request for temporary excusal\ " .. benefits of being a student . :) " 
wants to punch someone in the face today .. preferably the ladies across the hall . Kickboxing day ?.. I think so .. 
is off to battle the I-40 traffic with the Z !.. woooooot ! :) 
is enjoying some of the best people watching ... ever . 
has the top down and the music way up !.. best way to road trip it on such a perfect day !! 
could get used to driving this Z everyday ... seriously . 
is having trouble getting motivated to work today ( unusual , I know ) ... 4.5 day weekend was what I needed before starting summer school next week .. whata drag . 
is about to f'n lose it !!!.. like bat shit crazy style . 
is sooooo ready for kickboxing in the morning ! :) 
should take Friday afternoons off work more often :) 
was runnin tables tonight , hustla style .. just sayin ;) 
has no motivation today .. like zero . 
needs to get in a healthier routine ... asap . mentally and physically . 
isn't usually this happy to hear when someone goes to jail . :) 
feels SO MUCH BETTER !!.. found out I was accepted to the Rad Tech program .. my packet was lost in the mail .. been SO anxious/nervous the last few days , it was torture . :))))) 
is pretty stoked to be running again .. with Izzie even , she's quite the trooper now .. however , not a fan of her drooling all over me and the car afterwards .. 
doesn't mind this 8am Govt class ... teacher is pretty funny/entertaining .. not bad to look at either 
just got hit with a ton of bricks ... finally !!! 
needs extra spark today !!.. so tired . Ready for plyo and to be poolside with my govt book .. c'mon workday , fastforward .. 
is annoyed with this weather !.. finally have a pool on hand , I just want to bake next to it .. hard to do with so many damn clouds blocking the sun !!!.. run and dog park it is then . 
is going to get phone number 3 tmrw .. need to be nicer to my stuff 
really hopes this next set of storms goes quickly so I can leave this dungeon at a decent time !!!!!.. still trying to figure out why I bothered coming in at all . 
Well .... Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > aaaand < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Reese !! Hope you all have an awesome day . Sorry , too lazy to go to each of your pages :) 
needs to figure out this work situation .. if only my boss would cut the bullshit and realize/accept I'm FINALLY LEAVING EAGLE :) haha .. it feels so awesome . 
kinda wishes I had workers at MY house to start banging around at 7:30 am ... would get to work on time more often :) 
has a fresh new phone and the altima back ... next .. mow , laundry and pack ! 
is going to miss Thursday nights with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Denton < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Hilbers and < PROPFIRST > Caldwell !!!... see y'all when we collect that 2nd place $$$ :) 
is I-40 westbound with espresso in hand !!.. just hope the next 8 hours go fast !!! :) 
just abused espresso ... I mean , really ?.. that was a trip . Oh but WHOO LAKERS !!! :) 
finally made it .. 7 1/2 hours and 560 < PROPMALE > later .. totally worth it . 
heard news today I'm still having trouble wrapping my head around . RIP dear . * If you don't know , don't ask please . * 
is okcity bound .. not looking forward to going back to humidity . Very bitter sweet . 
can't concentrate today . Things will get better .. and slowly but surley .. accept that my friend is gone .. which makes me appreciate my sobriety so much more bc he was such a big influence on me in the beginning * RIP darkling * 
needs to get some serious motivation going ... kenpo , mow , dog park .. the hardest part is getting there but I always , always , always feel better afterwards . :) 
is thankful for the people that have been in my life , at one time or another , everyone has somehow affected me , positively and/or negatively , which has shaped the person that I am today .. and for that , I am eternally grateful . 
is SO excited !!!.. can't wait to meet the newest McLean addition , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > McLean and < PROPFEMALE > McLean on their healthy baby boy !!!! :) 
is worn out = good Saturday ! :) 
was quite productive this morning but my motivation level has somehow diminished to nothing . 
doesn't have a problem with the Gay Pride parade ... but I do have a problem with my neighborhood becoming a trash filled parking lot . 
feels like a crazy person today . 
doesn't give herself enough credit . 
is so OVER her co-workers . If you're gonna use the rest of my spicy mustard then at least leave it out so I know the container is empty . I mean REALLY ? So rude . 
finally found ( and purchased ) some kick ass shoes I've been wanting !!.. in my size !.. and I know Yann < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Winters are going to be super pumped for me !! HA . :) 
isn't going to make it through the day at this rate !!!... how is it only 1pm ?!?! * sad face * 
has 6 weeks ( 47days ) till Rad Tech school starts ... sooooo ready . It will be such a nice change .. no more 8 hour days in the dungeon ! woot woot !! 
* Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > * Love and miss you bunches , darlin <3 
Ha . Horoscope today : \You must break the habit of feeling as if you must live your life the way you always have . \"" 
is especially bored today ( shocking ! ) .. and they expect me to stay till 3 ?... psh , sorry but no thanks . 
is super excited ... with a hint of butterflies . I like it . :) 
could've been a little more productive today but .. the couch is the devil . 
found a huge drawer full of old CDs .. it's been pretty entertaining .. to say the least . 
has had a ridiculous amount of coffee already this morning !.. just a little wired .. could be a good thing .. or bad . 
loves Starbucks ( too much ) .. ready to get PAID tonight .. and see my boys ! :) 
forgets where she needs to be at times . Glad that kick in the ass happened tonight .. just a friendly reminder to get back on track . 
has to get back on a running schedule .. starting tmrw !!.. I feel squishy and gross . Ugh .. not ok . 
is glad that funk is over !!.. forget how much I LOVE RUNNING ! Now pool time with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and her kiddos .. today = fabulousness . 
is getting so tired of having a new problem with the Altima every other week .. poor girl is falling apart ! 
wasn't feelin class this morning .. came to work earlier than expected .. something must be exceptionally wrong with me today .. 
is quite happy with life at the moment ... can't complain , for once ! :) 
isn't surprised the computer is being an asshole the last night I have to turn in a paper .. damn procrastination . 
is excited for dinner tonight with three of my favorite people ; < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison , < PROPFIRST > Green and < PROPFIRST > Hyde !!!.. oh and < PROPFIRST > Hutchison !!.. I guess ! ha . jk jk :) 
is experiencing that \longest day ever\ " feeling .. more than usual today . ugh . " 
is ready for her day ( after work ) to begin !.. run with Izzie , lunch with B and poolside with J Green then dinner and a movie tonight with a favorite !.. perfect Friday .. just sayin :) 
is happier now that I had a < PROPMALE > to say bye to my friend .. officially .. with other people who also loved him dearly , he'll always have a special place in our hearts . He was such a beautiful person and I feel privileged that he was a part of life . RIP < PROPFIRST > Christian . 
got summoned for jury duty ... again ! Can't get out of this one though , falls right between my break of summer school ending and rad tech school starting . They finally got me , dammit . 
is COMPLICATED .. by golly , I have a hard time figuring myself out .. feel sorry for other people who try ! Ha . ;) 
finally had \the talk\ " with the bosses today about being par t-t ime for awhile then eventually leaving ELM .. it's nice to be on the same < PROPFEMALE > with them for once .. bitter sweet as well . " 
can't figure out why this lil ninja on my < PROPFEMALE > won't play music like he's supposed to ... and he's too darn cute to delete . 
is ready for CRAB LEGS with the parents tonight !! WOOT WHOO !!... c'mon 5 o'clock! :) 
has been really spacey today ... not paying attention to things I'm doing .. then wondering if I even did them or can't remember what I wrote/typed . I mean , really ? psh . 
was successful today with \becoming\ " a morning person .. to be continued .. on Monday . " 
has been eating more food than is humanly necessary lately .. 
is being a hermit today . 
really doesn't feel like running right now .. but .. haven't missed a day of the training plan yet ..... so today isn't going to be the first !.. dammit . 
should probably quit procrastinating and study for the final I have tmrw a . m ... just maybe . 
finally got the gym membership set up .. was getting tired of running in this heat .. as much as I hate treadmills , will love them for 60min runs on 95+ degree days .. can't argue with free either . Also , done with summer school .. today is a good day !!! 
wouldn't even recognize herself from a year ago .. it's fascinating how things work out sometimes . 
needs to be banned from all self-serve frozen yogurt places !.. it's silly , I know . 
is having hummus and pita chips for bfast .. it's delish .. just sayin ;) 
is over this work week !!.. want it to be noon tmrw , ready to get on the road and see the fam !.. really need a weekend out of town right now . 
is finally EAST BOUND !!!!.. soooo excited to meet lil baby Jacob ... and to eat the best duck poppers in the WORLD !!.. but first , STARBUCKS ! :) 
came across way too many stubborn drivers coming back to okcitay today .. seriously , if you make ppl pass you in the slow < PROPFIRST > , you're an asshole . Just saying . 
isn't excited about this day .. at all . 
has a F'N cricket in her office !!!... you've got to be KIDDING !.. 2 more weeks , 2 more weeks , 2 more weeks .. lord , HURRY UP !.. please . 
loves having waffles for dinner . :) 
has officially started the whole ' gym before work/school ' routine . Not bad . Ready for two years of it ?.. not sure .. but it'll have to work . 
needs to learn that I can't be angry with people for being who they are and doing what they do .. it's MY values/expectations/desires that have changed .. not theirs . 
had planned on working only 6 hours today ... that turned into 9 ... not so awesome . 
is prety happy today is Friday .. this week has been quite annoying . One more week then school starts !!.. sooo stoked . Ha , honestly never thought I'd be this excited to go back to school !.. but things have certainly changed in my world . :) 
has the Altima in the shop , again .. alternator was literally burning up .. wasn't a pleasant smell !!!.. not even irritated by it either , today is still a good day . :) 
really enjoys what her life is like now .. and the people who have chosen to be a part of it . 
just remembered Jury Duty starts tmrw .. kinda bummed now , not exactly looking forward to it .. but , such is life . 
is hitting the gym before 6am !.. I amaze myself sometimes . Ha . Seriously . 
needs to chill out and just RELAX tonight ! * sigh * .. after plyo . 
gym , jury duty , work , jury duty , work ... not such a glorious day today . 
I started this Friday off with a nice , short run with my favorite four legged friend .. but could've done without the part when she , literally , took my legs out from under me trying to get away from a vicious alley cat ( she was scared for her life , I'm sure of it ) .. well , at least some people started their day off with a good laugh then . 
Last full-time day at Eagle Land ..... DONE !!!!!!!! :) 
I never go to < PROPMALE > anymore ... I've now been 3 times in the last 18 hours . PSH !! 
did 5 < PROPMALE > this morning .. and now to relax before the Midnight Streak 5k tonight !!! Pretty excited .. it's gonna be a fun one ! :) 
Pssssssssssssssh ... bring it ON , Monday !! So ready for this week .. seriously . :) 
Most . Boring . Day . Ever . 
UGH !!!!!! I officially REGRET being a registered voter . Jury selection AGAIN tmrw .. damn you federal .. seriously , this is such bullshit . 
Wow ! 8 months ago , today , I made a decision . I can honestly say , without a doubt , it is the best thing I've ever done for myself . Words can't express how grateful I am for the strength I found in myself but also the people who've stood by my side . I'm especially thankful for the family I'm honored to be a part of .. they're my rock and I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for them ! ? 
shoulda coulda woulda , sucka . 
I can't believe I'm about to go for a run , I'm exhausted ... I'm really beginning to question my sanity . 
After tonight's 5k .. I'm done doing races in the evenings . I'm becoming a morning only runner ... period . 
Thank you , < PROPMALE > Park , for reminding me how much I dislike hills ... that just sealed the deal on not running anymore evening 5k's . Moving on , I want to shoot pool .. end of story . 
Motivation Level today = 0 .. maybe even -1 . 
So .. I think it would be pretty cool of my subconscious to stop creating dreams about my ex murdering me . Apparently I don't have as good of ninja skills in dreams as I do in real life , it's not fair :) 
Fartlicks . Ha . 
I think calf cramps are one of the most painful things I've ever experienced . 
I need to find my \happy place\ " before I start snapping people's heads off . Ha . Rough week . :) " 
FINALLY !! A good start to the day ! :) 
70min run today ?... bring it . 
I'm pumped to see my sister ( < PROPFEMALE > McLean Magann ) tmrw !!.. feels likes I haven't seen her in AGES !!.. and it'll be nice to have at least one sister in the same state for awhile ! :) 
Hm .. hello , Paycheck .. you're rather small . Wonder if my boss will agree to a sympathy raise .. Ha . 
Everyone wants to bitch and moan about Mondays , SO I'll be the first to say YAY MONDAY !!!!!.. no class = work all day = dollars on my paycheck .. haters . :) 
I'm on a huge Shiny Toy Guns kick .. great while doing school stuff .. in my opinion , of course . 
Melatonin is my new BFF .. ready to knock out the 3 tests I have tmrw .. yes , seriously , 3 .. they're not messin around . 
6am-6pm gym/school/work ... exhausting yet rewarding :) 
A headache develops almost instantly when I get to work now .. every . single . day . 
So , I had a guy at school tell me today that he thinks I've GAINED weight since last semester !.. he's only been in the states for a few years but apparently he hasn't gotten the \memo\ " of what not to say to women lol I appreciate the honesty ...? I guess . Ha . " 
Cali for the weekend !!!... deuces , Okcitay ! 
Well , went on an hour run with my insanely fit sis and broinlaw , first half of which was nothing but up hill ! Ha . It was rough but I did my best and ultimately , it motivated me to continue improving . 
Damn you , Target . 
I want dynamite shrimp from PF Changs .. like , nowish . 
PB&J with apple juice .. I feel 10yrs old again right now ... aaand , it's awesome . 
I'm DONE feeling sorry for people !.. everyone has a CHOICE .. and if you happen to make the WRONG ONES .. then deal with it by DOING something about it . * ok , vent sesh over , thanks * :) 
Ugh . I started my Monday being tortured at the dentist .. I can't feel my FACE ! 
My \curious cat\ " needs to be destroyed . " 
\Drugs are bad ... mkay ? \"" 
Ok , dang . I'm over today .. fast forward , please . 
What's on MY mind ?... corndogs . 
I need a monkey . One capable of various house chores like laundry , dishes and mowing .. while I study . That would be great , thanks . 
So . I got XXS-petite size scrub pants for clincals and they're still just a wee bit too long !.. lol seriously , that's kind of annoying . 
I want to work at the Wonder bread factory .. just for the smell . 
Starting my day with deadmau5 = fabulous Friday :)) 
Ready to cheer on the seester , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , at the Redman Triathlon tmrw !! Woooohoooo !!! GO Team < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Um , my weekend was close to perfect .. could've done without losing a tooth and having no AC .. BUT can't always be flawless , I guess .. Ha ! 
Study Break 1 : Eat dinner , Study Break 2 : Clean bathroom , Study Break 3 : Fold laundry ... try not to be jealous ( it's unhealthy ) :) 
Today , I'm throwing a temper tantrum ( on the inside ) .. not looking forward to a 4.5 hour CPR class after work tonight .. not . one . bit . 
I love how I decided ( in my sleep ) that I didn't want to run hill intervals this morning , but instead of snooze , apparently I just completely reset my alarms . Ha . After work it is then . 
Top 3 bad habits I need to quit ASAP : biting my nails , cussing ( so much ) and popping my knuckles . Ha .. * sigh * I'm a dreamer .. but it's a start . 
I just went to check out the Radiology Dept at Baptist ( I start clinicals tmrw ) .. it helped calm my butterflies seeing the place , still pretty nervous but I'm really , really excited . :)) 
OK , if there is ONE thing everyone needs to know about me .. it is to never ever ever EVER show up at my house unannounced . I might just punch you in the face . K ? G'night . 
WOW .. got the ER on my first day of clinicals .. non-stop for 8 hours , it was INSANE but loved it nonetheless .. I'm totally exhausted but now at ELM working then home to study . I didn't get where I am today slackin off :) 
Honestly .. am I the only one that thinks this handbag/purse \game\ " is RETARDED ?.. how the F does that relate to or even benefit Breast Cancer Awareness .. just sayin . " 
Legs/lower this morning , now 8 hours of trauma day in the ER ( yikes ! ) then work at ELM then study .. just sounds exhausting .. but I'm way too excited to care ! G'day! :) 
WOW . I just attempted to watch a full episode of ' Teen Mom ' .. couldn't do it , way too disgusting .. those poor kids . 
This morning , I saw a man dump his FULL car ashtray into the street . Apparently he misunderstood the purpose of ashtrays . asshole . 
Ugh .. going to the gym with a whiny , child-like voice saying \I don't wanna\ " in my head . These type of days are the worst . " 
It's official .. I'm going to love working in the ER :) 
Ok , I absolutely love running into situations these days that remind me how thankful I am that I stopped drinking .. just to be honest . :) 
Hi , paycheck !!! * sigh * Bye , paycheck . :( 
blah blah BLAH .. tired of bullshit . 
I remember the days when running 1.5 miles was difficult for me .. I'm now able to run 1.5 hours , no problem . It's an amazing feeling to be doing something I never really thought I would be or even possible , for that matter . I love it . ( and partial credit to my sisters , broinlaws and mom .. they're my motivation and support team ) :)) 
I have mixed feelings when I realize someone has deleted me as their precious fb friend .. first I'm a little offended bc honestly , who would want to delete sweet lil Carol ??.. but then I find out why and I get to laugh hysterically ... some ppl's lack of maturity really amuses me . 
' Cranky < PROPFIRST>' is stopping by .. hope it's a quick visit . 
Fall Break = Work All Day ($$$) = Happy < PROPFIRST > :)) 
I cannot stand when ppl say the phrase \OMG\ " instead of \ " Oh My God\ " .. it kinda makes me want to say \ " LOL\ " instead of actually laughing when they say something funny . " 
I really need to go for a run to clear my head right now ... not a good day today . 
Dang . I ended my day at clinicals watching a barium enema ( google it lol ) then ended my day at work notarizing 30 documents . I have such an exciting life ... ha . 
I FINALLY upgraded to the HTC EVO !!!.. I barely know how to work it but I'm in love already . YAY ! :) 
I bet if I actually drove the speed limit , I wouldn't be so dang early everywhere I go .. just maybe . 
I have 2 open ( aka FREE ) entries for a 5k at OCU tmrw , 8am . Please let me know ASAP if you're interested !!! 
My \awesome\ " new phone FREAKED out on my tonight . So annoyed . " 
Had lunch at Gaberino's today !.. excellent new Italian restaurant in < PROPFIRST > !!! Worth checking out , for sure . 
Free coffee bar AND Chick-fil-A ?!.. Rad tech week at Baptist is pretty awesome . :) 
I really need someone to move in with me ( or not ) and pay all my bills .. that way I can just go to school/clinicals and not work bc I'm seriously over it . K , thanks . 
My life is rather simple , yet , I find ways to complicate it , as if I don't function properly otherwise . It's becoming exhausting .. and rather irritating , to say the least . 
Oh , long run Sundays .. I hate you , sometimes . 
Well nevermind , my run was pretty awesome .. I love this weather . 
I honestly have THE WORST memory .. it amazes me . 
Ugh , really ? After I FINALLY convince myself to go to the gym this evening .. I get there , get changed just to discover I forgot to pack my shoes this morning . FML . 
\Coffee .. this doesn't make me have to text apologize 13 people the next morning . \ " Ha .. true story . " 
My current life predicament ( in order to remain relatively sane ): Get a roommate OR move in with my parents ... both options make me cringe . 
Wow .. SO glad that run is over . As if running for 2 hours with already sore legs isn't difficult enough , throw some Oklahoma wind to the mix .. just for fun . I'm not going to be able to walk tmrw . Ha . 
Had a patient rap Ice Cube's \Today was a good day\ " to me . Definitely made my day considering I've had nothing but grumpy old men patients so far . " 
I want a giant cupcake . 
Headed to Stillwater .. BOOMER SOONER !!!!! 
Ugh . Picture Archiving and Communication Systems . No wonder I've been putting off writing this paper . Tminus 2 days ... when I had like 2 months . Great . 
Hm .. should probably go for a run and finish my paper after work tonight instead of going to the Thunder game .. but , oh well .. there is always tmrw . :) 
Ready . BOOMER SOONER !! 
I've changed , you haven't ... end of story . G'day . 
HA ! I just remembered my dream from last night . I was dating < PROPFIRST > Durant !! Can you imagine , his arms alone are the length of my entire body . Bahaha 
I <3 the 90s station on XM radio .. it kept me quite entertained on my 5 hour road trip by myself ... but , I want to go rollerblading in loud , obnoxious clothing with my discman now . Weird . 
Hm , the new profile format is even more creeper friendly .. I'm not a fan . 
I lack sympathy for idiots .. sorry . 
Tmrw will be my 365th day of being alcohol , drug and tobacco free !!.. and I'll be spending it in the car with my parents and two dogs for 10 hours . Ha , YES !! :) 
Usually when a girl stops responding , the guy stops texting !!.. usually . geez . 
Being at the office 8-5 the past two days makes me really happy/excited to be switching careers soon .. I'm so over office life . 
5am and headed to the airport ... Disneyworld weekend !!! Oh .. and 1/2 marathon . :)) 
Well , 2:13 isn't bad for my first 1/2 marathon .. ready for more Disneyworld festivities and some FOOD !! :)) 
I'm so ready to be home and back to my regular routine .. big time . 
Ha , wow .. I really do try to ignore when people misuse your/you're , to/too and their/they're .. but I just can't , it's too dang annoying . 
Ugh , decisions !!!... I should just close my eyes , point and buy . Ha . 
I swear , I have the weirdest dreams sometimes ... and I really wish I could record them to watch later . 
Ok , I need two people to run 5K legs for the Memorial Marathon Relay , May 1st . It's $250/team , so $50/person , please let me know ASAP\ 
( Ladies , < PROPFEMALE > Jobe , < PROPFEMALE > Evans Hennigan , Greer Sullivan , Tab Stout , are any of you still interested ? ) 
Um , I should be allowed to slap pregnant women who are smoking .. just saying . 
My Monday is already starting off rough .. 10 1/2 more hours till I see my couch again . 
I have a dark past .. but that hasn't kept me from having a bright future . :)) 
I'm blaming my dream last night for my grumpy ass mood today .. and that I got stuck in a foot of slush leaving my neighborhood .. and that I drove to my gym just to find out it's the only one in OKC that isn't open .... BUT , the dream started it . 
YAY , my gym is open !!.. finally going for a RUN . Even though I hate dreadmills , someone is going to have to drag me off that sucker today . 
Old house + forgetful tenant = frozen pipes . Not fun . 
Ha . I made it through 6 hours at the office today .. ( yea , that's a big deal ) 
\Take chances . Don't regret . Tell the truth . Say no . Fall in love . Get to know someone random . Be random . Say I love you . Sing out loud . Laugh . Cry . Get revenge . Apologize . Tell someone how much they mean to you . LIVE LIFE . \"" 
Having < PROPFIRST>'s Day dinner with my Mom tonight since her hubby is in the Amazon this week BUT , I couldn't ask for a better < PROPFIRST > !! <3 
Last clinical day at the VA .. kinda makes me sad . Next , evening shift at Baptist . 
Leaving work early .. electricity went out in btown . 
UGH , evening shift of clinicals is already making me mad and I haven't even started yet !!.. making me miss the Thunder/Clippers game next week , REALLY ? I'm mad . 
I <3 Cold War Kids :) 
My school is LAME ... so glad I come here for 6hrs just to do 30mins of actual work . 
Hmmm .. start my Sunday with a 5miler in 20mph wind and wetness ..? Brilliant idea ! 
The next month of my life is going to be rather draining . But , I needed a break from my social life anyway .... yep , totally . 
It's official : I'm a Spark junkie . 
I strongly dislike the lack of battery life of my cellular telephone .. It's absolutely ridiculous . I . HATE . IT . 
.... AND I'M REGISTERED for The Dirty 30 Race !!!! This is going to be FUN !! No idea how you train for one of these but I have till July 30th to figure it out !!! :)) 
I <3 being sober . Best . Decision . Ever . :)) 
BEST FEELING EVER : someone tells you that you inspire them . It's awesome . :)) 
Just PR'ed at the Creek Classic 10K in bitter cold and 20mph wind . I'll take it . 
I'm EXHAUSTED ... but I honestly LOVE what I do , and this demanding , draining , terrible , miserable schedule now is totally worth it in order to do something I actually ENJOY in the near future . Ok , so yea .. G'NIGHT! :)) 
YAY !! Finally got the last tax form I needed ... gimme that mun-mun-muny !!! :) 
Right now , cough drops = candy .. 5k in the a.m. with a sore throat = no fun . 
PR'ed again .. 5k this time . Starting this race season off right .. I love it . :) 
Free pool tonight ?!? Don't mind if I do ... I like free stuff . :) 
Some people on here make me want to VOMIT . I need to do a friend sweep .. OR stop holding my tongue then they'll do the work and delete ME ! Ha .. brilliant . :) 
Ok , someone needs to invent something that will slap me in the face for every bite I take AFTER I'm already ridiculously full ... damn you , potluck 
Gah , Oklahoma wind really makes me want to move ... among other things but , right now it's the wind . OR I want a gym within a bubble . 
I FINALLY have Words With Friends !!! lil_carol .. find me if you wanna get BEAT ! Ha . :) 
I've been having THE WEIRDEST dreams lately . Something isn't right . 
Well , got killed by < PROPMALE > Jones and < PROPMALE > Briley at the St. < PROPFEMALE>'s 8k this a . m .. BUT , I still PR'ed! .. Ha , I've set the bar for myself pretty high this year . 
Not exactly excited about clinicals this evening .. I'm stugglin today , big time . But , if you happen to injure/break something tonight , come see me .. I'll radiate you . :) 
UGH , my Words with Friends isn't working !!!.. I'm angry . 
So much JUNK in my house !!.. no more grocery shopping when I'm hungry !! Jeez . 
I went from negative to positive .. and it's all good . :) 
All I want today is to go for a GOOD run . That is all . 
I shall be celebrating my day of birth for the 27th year in a row in a few weeks ( along with < PROPMALE > Winters ) Obviously , I dont drink but would still like to hit up a fun place with pool tables in honor of two energetic/adventurous/dynamic people being born .. ideas appreciated .. I'm leaning towards Fox or Baker :) 
RUNNERS : I need a relay replacement for a 5k leg in the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon !! Entry is $50 , PLEASE let me know if you're interestest ASAP . Thanks . 
Ugh , this weather is affecting my motivation level . 
Well , looks like I'm getting a roommate ... everyone pray for him . ;) 
Who's in for free pool tonight ?!? 
Dammit , just measured myself .. 59.5 \ ( but I'll continue to round up to 5 ' ) Ha . :) " 
Stupid April Fool's Day , my least favorite day of the year .. and I have to admit , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > got me pretty damn good . Jerk . 
