So tired today . To bed after 2:00 , and up to go to mass this morning by 8:00 . 

Trying to motivate myself to do the dishes . It's not working so far . 
Going to wear shorts ; going to spend all day in the sun ; and going to Sheboygan to see in-laws ! 
Trying to listen to uplifting music . 
Get off the computer , April ! You can do it ! 
is looking forward to camping in Michigan this weekend and then flying to Wyoming afterwards ! 
Both babies asleep . Time to meditate . 
Wish I could find my thermometer , my phone , and my cat :( 
Well , I found the two more important things of the three that were lost . I found my phone and my cat ! 
Hand cramp ! Just finished writing out < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party invites . 
Okay , that test was very hard if you speak English as a second language , but otherwise it was easy . 
Guess it's time to cut up veggies for the vegetable stir-fry for supper . 
I think I'm coming down with a cold :( Hopefully the nap and Emergen-C will stave it off . 
had fun yesterday making stick puppets with < PROPFEMALE > . Today ... to make her bracelet like she wanted . 
Chillin out at home taking Echinacea to prevent the advancement of my cold . 
Can't sleep . 
I love it when I can begin the day with meditation . 
Guess it's about time to get everyone ready for bed . I shall cry myself to sleep tonight since I didn't get to watch Dr. Who . * sniffle * 
Glad hubby is home . Except now the weekend is over so he'll go to work tomorrow and I'll be by myself for another week . 
Think I'm gonna feed my newest addiction for a few minutes : Word Challenge . 
I officially like being in a city that's bigger than Manitowoc . 
I realy hate that my phone frequently turns off by itself . Now I can't find it . 
Trying to get some of this chaos that is my apartment in order . 
I love Sundays . Enjoyed going to Hazelwood museum . 
is making a collage . 
Both girls asleep at the same time . A rare treat . 
I like who I am ! 
Conversation at lunch : Feli : Bug rhymes with rug ! Eva : ( shakes head no ) Feli : Yeah ! Bug rhymes rug ! Eva : ( shakes head no ) Feli : Yes ! Bug rhymes rug ! etc ... 
Having fun making apple juice ! 
Probably going to watch and label home videos all day . 
Today's lunch conversation . Feli : I'm eating soup . Eva : * shakes head no * Feli : Yes ! I'm eating soup ! Eva : * shakes head no * Feli : Yes ! I'm eating soup ! Eva : * shakes head no * and so on . 
made peanut butter , apple , chocolate chip cookies . Don't think I'll make them again . If it weren't for the choc chips they'd be pretty tasteless . 
Had fun teaching religious < PROPMALE > tonight . Of course I ALWAYS have fun . The teens on the other hand .... just kidding . I have a great group . 
Gotta get everyone put together for the day(including myself ) and then off to play group . 
Chris : You are so picky ! Feli : No I'm not ! Chris : Yes you are . Feli : NO ! I DID NOT PICK MY NOSE ! 
I'm looking forward to Thanksgiving with family ! 
Enjoyed time with family and friends ! Now to watch some Ice Age on Fox ! 
is doing dishes . Blech ! 
Considered moving to the downstairs apt , but decided to stay right where we are . 
is making supper . Chickpea curry . Yum ! 
Sigh . Suppose I should tackle all those dishes in the sink . 
is sure glad to not have to go anywhere today ... especially since the Govenor declared a state of emergency on account of all the snow . 
What to play today ... 
Going to Manty this afternoon . 
Enjoyed putting up my Christmas decorations yesterday . 
< PROPFEMALE > doesn't feel well and has a fever . Thus she has decided that unless she is nursing , she is going to scream at the top of her lungs all day . 
Guess I'm going to watch the Packers beat the Steelers today . 
The top 2/3 of my Christmas tree : perfection . The bottom 1/3 ... well ... no comment . 
Had fun this Christmas with family -- especially at < PROPFIRST>'s party . So much fun . 
would appreciate it if next time she goes to communion , < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't scream at the top of her lungs . 
Coffee with a friend bright and early this morning : perfect way to start the New Year in my book . 
is watching Doctor Who ! 
Sigh . Never did get the Christmas letters written and now the season is over . Better late than never ??? 
Had totally crazy dreams last night . But I slept well ! 
Time to do some relaxing . 
Going to the pro-life mass tonight in GB . 
Not sure if I'm ready for another week to start . 
Enjoyed some embroidering while the girls took a nap at the same time . 
Loved going to Avatar on my date with < PROPFIRST > last night . 
< PROPFIRST > and I made the decision . We are going to homeschool . 
Anyone know of a good homeschooling magazine to subscribe to ? Checked a couple out from the library . So far , NOT impressed . 
New vlog post . Why I Love NFP : Part 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koCWNxgToqc 
Guess I better make supper . Broccoli and cauliflower pie . Maybe a baked potato too ... and fruit . 
Time for a walk to the park to tromp around in the snow . 
Had fun playing the wii with the in-laws today . < PROPFEMALE > beat her grandma at swordfighting . 
Found some groups on meetup.com Social calendar is filling up . 
Best quote I've heard in a long time : Whatever you give a woman , she's going to multiply . If you give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . If you give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . If you give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what is given to her . So - if you give her any crap , you will receive a ton of shit . 
I've decided that I do not appreciate the fashion industry telling me what I should like . So I want to start making my own clothes . 
Babies are asleep . Guess it's time to pray . 
Ahh , so much inspiration , so little time in a day . 
Think I want to do some sewing tonight . 
Looking for an AFFORDABLE gymnastics class for < PROPFEMALE > . She really enjoyed our free trial class today at the Little Gym . 
Heading to Manty for the afternoon . 
Looking forward to meeting a homeschool family at the park this morning . Kiddies can play together , and mom's can < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Gonna try to get the house ready for weekend company while I look forward to hangin ' with family ! 
Had orientation today for Literacy Green Bay . I'm going to be volunteering to help adults learn to read and write English . 
I can't believe that I had to shovel today ! But it is definatly easier to deal with knowing that it will all be gone in a couple of days and that it is likely the last storm of the season . 
In the face of injustice , which is worse ? To stand by and do nothing , or to try to do something about the injustice -- even if your efforts fail ? 
Thank you everyone for the well wishes ! 
is PREGNANT !!! 
is doing dishes . 
Uh-uh no they didn't! 
Had a good time at the Botanical Gardens today . 
Is getting pregnancy ads on her facebook now . BTW , what's a breastfeeding < PROPFEMALE > ? Thought I already possessed everything I needed in my shirt . 
Is thinking this time around , I want a . 
Havn't been feeling well . Don't think we'll be heading to Manitowoc this weekend . 
Grandparents picked up Feli yesterday and she'll be with them until Saturday . Never been gone that long before . She will probably be just fine--she's so independent . I , on the other hand ... might not be so fine . Last night I woke up at 4:00 because I heard Feli calling for me . Must've been dreaming . 
Feli actually misses me for once ! So she's coming back today . 
Excited . Went to a La Leche meeting and found a doula , and a chiropractor . Also found out that St < PROPFIRST>'s does indeed have a birthing pool , or they will shortly . Oh , also got a site for cheap but good cloth diapers . 
How could there not be a Dunkin Donuts in Green Bay ?! 
Feeling sad today . 
Thank you everyone for your support and prayers ! 
Going to the alternative energy air in < PROPFIRST>'s Point for the weekend . 
I sometimes find myself changing my parenting style in public , knowing that the rest of the world is not into radical unschooling . But glad that today I stuck to my beliefs and let my kids play in the rain , despite the looks of others . 
Just can't be useful today . Sleep deprived . 
Very proud of the bread that I made today with @ < PROPFEMALE > Schoepp ! 
To the homeschooling peeps , do you send your kids to religious < PROPMALE > ? 
New blog post : A Look At Sex Positive . Http :/ / www.myfemininemind.blogspot.com 
Both girls asleep . That means it's time for me to pray . 
PHONE\ 
# IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Go to the top right of your screen , click Account\ 
then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . \ 
Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please repost tolet \ 
your friends know this is happening so they can remove their phone ... #'s\ 
... by changing their privacy settings . ( Privacy ... \ 
Settings - Phone- Customize - Only Me)Your address is post 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . ... Break ... the silence . In Memory of all Angel Babies , gone too soon , but never forgotten ? 
Hubby launched new website . Be one of the first to see it . Are you a student ? Join ! Http :/ / bartlebyproject.com 
Feeling so down lately . 
< PROPFEMALE > threw up several times last night and once this morning . She's not even keeping down my breast milk . :( 
Feeling highly sensitive today . 
* TMI Warning * Think I have what < PROPFEMALE > had yesterday . Feel like I'm gonna puke . 
Everyone in my household has thrown up today except hubby . We'll see how everyone feels tomorrow . Might have to cancel Feli's party . Will keep people posted . 
Okay . Looks like a 24-hour bug . Feeling better today . We can spend the day recuperating and should be as good as gold by tomorrow afternoon , for < PROPFEMALE>'s party . 
Update : we are afraid that we might still be contagious tomorrow and we wouldn't want ppl to get sick so we've decided to cancel . :( 
I have a love-hate relationship ... with my apartment . 
Spent a great weekend in Michigan at Lake < PROPFIRST > Resort . 
Looking forward to Sputnik fest tomorrow . Anyone else going ? 
My four-year-old praying : thank you that I'm alive and mama , dada , and < PROPFEMALE > are alive , and the cat too , you know . And thank you that lots of cats are alive . 
I just love this video so much . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql-N3F1FhW4&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Looking forward to watching Dr Who . I die inside a little , each Saturday it's not on . 
Had a great date with hubby tonight . 
Enjoying my morning coffee . 
Trying to cut < PROPFEMALE>'s hair . She sat still while I cut the front , but then lost < PROPFEMALE > and is now running around . She presently has a mullet . 
I wanted to continue trick-or-treating but < PROPFEMALE > ( 4 ) insisted that we had enough < PROPFEMALE > and that it was time to go home . 
Somebody come over to my house and make me stop eating < PROPFEMALE > . 
Takin ' care of business : paying bills , going to bank , grocery shopping . 
Missing my hubby . 
Had fun shopping with MIL and hubby today , while FIL babysat the girls . 
Want to bake banana bread today and maybe do some Thanksgiving crafts with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm getting my eyebrows threaded for $5 , normally about $11 . I'll share the link for those interested . For peeps in Green Bay or Appleton only . \ 
\ 
https://livingsocial.com/deals/17360?ref=personalized-link-box-2583914&rpi=2583914 
Anyone have a pediatric dentist in Green Bay area that they would recommend ? 
I think my new year's resolution should be to check in the Facebook once a day . Otherwise I feel out of touch with all you wonderful people ! 
I think I need a \visit-Manitowoc-friends\ " day soon . " 
In other news .... I'm pregnant ! Estimated Due Date : Sept 12 
DD4 was saying , \I'm sooo happy ! We have another baby ! \ " but later she was insisting she only wants a girl . She doesn't want it if it's a boy . " 
Guess I better get making supper . 
So glad that there is one local person that < PROPFEMALE > likes and will not scream at the top of her lungs if I leave her with him . 
Enjoying the Packer game so far . 
Bad news : I miscarried again . :'( Good news : I have an appointment on Friday with a doctor who uses NaPro technology and can look at my NFP charts to figure out why and prevent another one . http://www.fertilitycare.org/ 
I need to learn the Creigton model of NFP . Anyone know of any teachers in the Green Bay area ? 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > write a letter to the Wiggles asking them to put their movies back on Netflix streaming . She even < PROPFIRST > a frowny face so \they can see how sad I am . \"" 
I think at least 50% of the people that I pass on the street are wearing Packers clothes . I heard if the Packers win tomorrow , Green Bay schools are closed Mon and Tues . Hubby will get to come in two hours late on Mon too . 
Loving the Feminine Genius conferencenI am at this weekend ! 
Felicia(4 yo ): We have angry birds . Lab Tech : oh no ! What color are they ? Felicia : red and yellow . The pigs stole their eggs . Lab Tech : * very puzzled look * 
Thinking about Lenten plans . 
I caved . I joined Foursquare . 
Was looking forward to going out for pancakes tonight , but then < PROPFEMALE > got a fever . Pancakes will have to wait until Sunday . 
Looking forward to lunch at IHOP ! 
I have a feeling today is going to be unproductive . 
I'm excited ! I'm the new Coordinator of Healthy Living for < PROPFEMALE > Ministry ! I'll be building up the NFP component for EM . Spreadin ' the NFP word , baby ! 
Having fun making tortillas with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Didn't like The Duchess . Well done , but too depressing . 
Can't wait til Spring . 
