My legs huurrrrrt ! Damn those lunges straight to hell . 

What's on my mind ? A very large , very cold beer . 
Is very excited to watch all you runners tomorrow ! 
Better get to the gym while I am still motivated . It fades so fast ... 
Is just completely out of sorts . 
is a special kind of crazy today . 
Is going to see < PROPMALE > tonight ... 
20 days to vacation ... 9 whole days ! 
I think things are looking up . 
Had waaaaaaaaay too much fun last night , and oh , it hurts . 
11 days to go then I am out of this town for a week ! 
It's Friday , it's payday , and it's < PROPFEMALE > . I am a happy girl . 
I am dragging my newly-motivated ass to the gym . 
4 hours until vacation !!!! 9 beautiful days off .... ahhhhh . 
I'm baaaaaack ! 
Has so much fun at the Dragon Boat festival ! Almost tipped over just once ... 
I need a new profile picture , but am too lazy to transfer my pics from my camera to my computer . So I guess I will just whine about it . 
Project Runway tonight !!!! 
Got some pre-birthday celebrating to do ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes !!! 
Financing approved ! Time to car-shop !!! 
Picking up my new car on Wednesday ! 
Love , love love my new ride ! 
Going to Ikea tomorrow !! 
Monday . Sigh . 
I have got to keep the work-out motivation going . Any ideas or suggestions ? I am open to almost anything . 
15 minutes to go at work and I am going to start enjoying my weekend !! 
It's Friday , right ? 
Hurt my back ! It's all down hill after 30 . 
My back feels better . I guess it was nothing a cocktail of muscle relaxers , advil , miller lite and benadryl couldn't fix . 
I don't care at all that it is cold and rainy . It's still payday-Friday ! 
Oh , I am in pain today ! Partly my own fault , partly not . 
I love weather like this on workdays ! 
I am learning to knit and I ' casted on ' last night ! So excited to be a little old lady ! 
Looking forward to a weekend of doing as little as possible . 
I wonder how many hours of my life I have spent making copies . 
This day has been a blur . 
Wednesday already ?! I love when the week moves fast ! 
Worked out first thing this morning before I could talk myself out of it ! 
Wow , glad that's over . 
I love Sunday evenings . 
Woke up in that mood where nothing is really wrong but everything feels wrong . Hate that . 
Snow today ? I guess I will have to put away my high heeled shoes and take out my high heeled boots ! 
Ohhh , red wine is so mean to my poor head in the morning ... 
I am determined to have a healthy week . 3-4 workouts , no going out to eat . Now who wants to hold me accountable ? :) 
I am looking forward to a quick happy hour after work , a good dinner then Project Runway ! 
Trying to figure out what to do for Halloween tomorrow .... the most sacred of all holidays . 
So my normal pirate costume has become a slutty pirate costume courtesy of my roomies ! I better hide the scissors ... 
Fun weekend ! Now let's have a good , productive week . 
Just not a happy girl today . Can't pinpoint why , either . 
Who says I can't ? 
Is feeling pent-up . 
Is looking forward to a haircut , a quiet dinner and an early bedtime . 
My lips are peeling off ! Wonder if my chapstick is toxic ... 
Dinner with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
Thank you , Veterans ! 
has a challenge on my hands today . Am I ready ? Think so . 
is hoping that purse is still there .... why didn't I buy it two weeks ago ??? Idiot ! 
Going to the gym ... hope motivation finds me there ! 
I am finally knitting ! Clumsily , slowly , but knitting ! 
I love a few things more than a 3 day work week . For example , a two-day work week , a one-day work week .... 
Today is my Thursday ! And you know how I love my Thursdays ! 
Vodka and I have officially broken up . Goodbye , Citron . You were very mean to me today . 
I love Christmas decorating ! Anyone want me to come do their house ? :) 
I am buried in work ! Maybe staying off of Facebook would help . 
What the heck ? My work piles DIDN'T shrink on their own last night ? What's that about ? 
I can't believe it's Thursday already ! Yahoo ! 
I sure didn't want to , but I worked out and had a good weigh-in ! 
My office is freeeeezing ! 
I rode the bull . Despite my sore unmentionables , I am officially considering myself a cowgirl . 
Flu shot day has arrived ! 
Citron , it's back on . 
I HATE uploading photos !!! But I like tagging them ... 
I need a good workout tonight to feel like I am back on top of things ! 
New Year's < PROPFEMALE > plans are coming together ! I need a dress ! 
Work , library , tanning , gym , and now a beer at Aces - what a full and lovely day ! 
We shopped our flippin ' faces off , and somehow , we are still smiling ! 
Plans are set , gifts are wrapped , tree is decorated . Bring on the Christmas ! 
Oh , boy .... 
I got my head straightened out this morning and I feel a little lighter ! 
is grateful for a certain little elf out there doing a bunch of shopping and errands while I have to work .... thank you !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! Heading to party #5 and I hope that everyone is having a safe and happy holiday ! 
I am in search of silver heels for New Years ... any suggestions ? 
Nice freakin ' side streets , Superior ! Can't tell you how much I love those ice ruts ! 
Heading to Minneapolis !!! 
Best New Year's I can remember ! Great dinner , wine , champagne , and my favorite person ! I very much like 2011 . 
Love my new craptop , < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks again ! 
Oh my God , I am buried at work today ! That's what I get for taking vacation . 
Super excited to try yoga today ! 
According to my horoscope , my ' inner child ' is throwing a temper tantrum . Look out . 
Heading to the Y to take the ' Drums Alive ' class ... hope it's fun ! 
If I survive this crazy work day , I get to try Zumba tonight ! 
Boring ol ' beige . 
Ok , so Zumba is really fun , and it really HURTS !!! ( Good pain ) 
Loving this lazy Sunday ! 
What a non-stop day . Desperately needing some down time ! 
Looking forward to yoga today . 
I loved the step class at the Y tonight ! I also love just sitting on my ass right now ! 
Today is my Friday . Good for me . 
Is dragging a bit today . In all manners of speaking . 
I was up too late last night ! Bad girl ! 
If you get a notification that says I commented on a photo of you and it takes you to some crazy thing .... I DIDN'T! 
Can't wait to kick back with some Project Runway tonight ! 
Trying my best not to be pouty . At least it's Friday ... 
Gearing up for ' Bums and Tums ' at the Y tonight . After this weekend , I need it . 
Heading to the eye doctor . Going to get some new smart-girl glasses that I will spend hundreds of dollars on and then never wear . 
Flannel sheets are my new favorite thing ! Except getting out of bed was even harder than usual . 
Doppelganger week on facebook , huh ? Well , I guess if you had been told you look < PROPFIRST > Lohan , you probably wouldn't be posting a pic either , now would you ? 
So here we are again , Monday . What do you have in store for me ? 
Ok , time to get very serious about exercise and eating right . 
My stress level has just gone through the roof . 
I am fully prepared to make today a better day than yesterday . And if all else fails , < PROPMALE > Gunn and a bottle of Zin will be there to console me tonight . 
Looking forward to a weekend of no big plans . 
AAAAGH !!!! Why is facebook different again ??? I don't want to see the stupid news feed ! 
I am so frustrated !!! 
I skipped yoga to go to Guads . There . I confessed . 
Ohhh nooo , I feel a cold coming on ... 
I am so ready for a lovely weekend ! 
I wish I had a trip to look forward to . This time of the year is so long ... 
I am dreading checking the bank account right now , but gotta do it .... deep breath , fingers crossed ... 
I know I say this every Thursday , but I can't wait for Project Runway ! 
I didn't work out today , but I did resist Burger < PROPMALE > for lunch . I consider that a success . 
Looking forward to ' Bums and Tums ' tonight ! 
Exhausted . 
Well , things are really starting to turn around . Knocking on wood as I say this . 
It's Monday , but at least I have new shoes ! 
My stomach seems to be a bottomless pit today . I've been hungry every 15 minutes or so right after eating ! 
Hmm , should I go to the Drums Alive class or take a walk ? 
I love Sundays with no obligations ! 
I simply couldn't have more work to do , yet here I am wasting time ! 
Getting ready for ' Core and More ' tonight - I hear it's a tough workout ! 
Looking forward to making lasagna , opening some wine , and watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model !!! 
Come on 4:30 .... come on ... 
Getting ready for a Band of Brothers marathan ... guess who's pick ? :) 
I only have to work 3 days this week !!! I love knowing that Monday is already my Wednesday ! 
Bums and Tums at the Y tonight followed by Texas Roadhouse for dinner . It's all about balance ... 
Only have to work until noon , then starting my mini-vacation !!!! 
Back to work tomorrow . Guess I'm ready . 
I need some fun dinner ideas . Cooking , not going out . 
As long as it's Saturday , I don't mind housework ! 
Looking forward to ribs in the crock pot tonight ! 
The ribs turned out great , going to try my hand at creole shrimp tonight . 
Please , please someone motivate me to go to my fitness class tonight ! 
After work : nice little walk , beef enchilidas , wine and ANTM !!! 
Ooohh , toothache !! Better not last all weekend . 
Lethargy ! 
Let's be more productive today , Katey . 
Doing my taxes tonight ... this is going to be bad :( 
Something about an eye brow wax changes my life perspective . Until they grow back , of course . 
Grrr . Either getting sick or allergy season has set in . Not a fan , either way ! 
Just sent my first payment off to the IRS . I have to admit , it was a little painful . 
Friday ! You're here ! 
At work and buried alive . 
My work piles did not do themselves last night ? What is up with THAT ?! 
Is it better that it's Friday , or payday ? 
Just discovered Pandora .... wow . What took me so long ? 
I didn't mean to send anyone a ' BFF Gift ' ( fb application ) so if you received one from me , I'm sorry ! 
Slept terribly , quite crabby . 
What a difference a good night of sleep can make ! 
I wish I could play outside before it rains . 
Oh , I want a quiet evening tonight . 
I am far , far too busy for a Friday . I just want to curl up with books and movies and wine . Is that so much to ask ? 
Going to the gym , visiting with Grandma , then going to a jazz concert at Greysolon that I won tickets for ! Fun day ! 
Is super excited for someone today .... :) 
I am sore from my neck down . I can feel you , muscles ... now let's see you ! 
Time for a party ! 
Lots of parties and fun and cream cheese-based goodies this weekend ! Now , back to watching the calories . 
I'm glad I'm sore from classes last night . I needed the punishment ! 
I don't want to be inside working on my computer . I want to be outside working on my tan ! 
I need one more day to recover from the weekend ... I am not a spring chicken anymore ! 
4-day work week ! 
It's a gorgeous day and I have the next 4 days off !!!! 
Dropped my boy off at the airport :( 
Another short work week to look forward to ! 
I forgot how much I love my Sex and the City dvds . Ironing clothes last night was fairly painless with the ' girls ' in the background ! 
Bringing some clothes and shoes to a consignment store today . Has anyone else done this ? I don't know what to expect . 
Back to work tomorrow .... boo ! 
I should never take time off of work . All I can say is ... oh my god . 
Looking for a part time job . Anybody know of anything or have any good ideas ? 
I want to do absolutely nothing tonight . Except some wine and TV . 
Top Chef starts tonight !!!! 
ohhh , got to get up so early to get a good spot at the marathon tomorrow ! 
Getting my hair cut later .... trying to decide what to do with it ! 
I don't know how to work my bangs . 
I have been entirely too productive today . I definitely deserve an evening of kicking back with Top Chef . 
Heading to the Cities tomorrow ! It will be very nice to get out of cloudy/rainy Superior . Even if it's raining there . 
Had a great weekend of overindulging in the cities ! 
Why does the IRS make it so difficult to give them money ? Don't they WANT it ? 
Just call me Lobster Girl . 
Strawberry vodka ? Yes . 
Dish Network is getting installed today . Can't wait to catch up on True Blood !!!!!! 
Who stole all my energy ? So tired . 
Looking forward to my Pier 1 shopping spree this weekend . 
Does anyone want to put on a blond wig and sit at my desk for the afternoon ? 
My Pier 1 shopping spree left something to be desired . Fortunately , TJ Maxx paid off . 
Not off to a great start , but hoping things turn around today . 
If I don't make it to the gym today , someone has to cut off my food supply . 
3 hours until the weekend ! Lots of fun stuff planned . 
Let's see if this can be the first weekend of my life where I stay on track with calories . 
After one week of diligent calorie counting , I lost a pound ! Let's keep this momentum going . 
Bad sleep = bad mood . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > nights ! 
On deck for this week : a trip to Rice Lake ( for work ) , sweltering heat , 4 workouts , and a productive , positive attitude . 
Down two pounds ! This is a big deal for me because I've been stuck for months ! 
Another pound gone ! It is so gratifying when your hard work pays off ! 
I'm outta here ! 
One long week , then 2 short weeks back to back ! 
Super excited for a certain person who had a great interview today ! 
That's it ! I am going on a spending diet . I am 32 and have a good job - I should not be broke all the time ! 
These allergies are killing me ! If I sneeze one more time .... 
Wow , I am feeling loved ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes , guys !!! 
4 day weekend coming up ! Going fishing with dad , seeing some friends , and lots of sleeping late ! 
2 more days until I go back to work . That's beautiful thing . 
Yay ! Fitness classes at the Y start today ! 
Hmmm , there are worse things than having a cute guy cook you dinner at 10:30 pm ... :) 
Wow , I've acquired two new jobs in one week . I might actually be buying Christmas presents ! 
Tired , tired girl today . 
Feeling so much better today . Nothing like an early bed time to make you feel normal again ! 
Pumpkin cheesecake concrete mixers from culvers were put on this earth to make me fat . And happy . But definitely fat . But extremely happy . 
Feeling quite hateful today . 
Come on 4:30 ! Hurry up ! 
What is the purpose of patchouli , and why must it linger on everything forever ? 
Ok , can't turn my head to either side or up . This is going to be a long , long day . 
Aside from the occasional fb check , this weather makes me very productive . 
I am very , very reluctantly dragging myself to my fitness class . 
Ready for me again , Halloween ? I'm coming for you !! 
I'll be in Ashland all day tomorrow for work , then Friday off ! Can't wait for a long , lovely weekend . 
Is it bad that I have Christmas shopping fever already ? 
Need some inexpensive date ideas .... 
Presentation in an hour . A little bit nervous . 
I'm loving being home today ! 
Does anyone else stop listening when someone you are having a conversation with uses the phrase , \I'm the kind of person that \"...." 
Get to have dinner with good friends tonight - can't wait ! 
Flannel sheets time again ... yay !! 
Hmmm , Outback tonight ? I think yes . 
And the tree is up ! 
It's my Thursday !!! Yay ! 
Glad I live so close to work . Those roads were kinda nasty this morning . 
Stomach flu : 1 , Katey 0 . Hope you never come visit me again , jerk . 
So I didn't realize we were closed on Thursday as well as Friday until today !! What a blond . 
I need to do a cleanse following this past week's sugar-butter-wine-cream cheese binge . 
So after 2 years of not being sick , I get the stomach flu and some nasty chest cold within 10 days of eachother . 
It's definitely going to be another early night for this lady . It's only 2 pm and I am wishing for my pj's and a book . 
Away with you , Christmas tree . 
And the weekend is here . 
I'm in a burger and a beer kind of mood . 
Feeling pretty lucky right now . I love the weekends , but when Monday comes around , I like my job , too . :) 
Craving Chinese food ! 
Come on Katey , go to the gym . 
Since discovering the joy of Nutella , I've also discovered 5 lbs . 
Saw Black Swan today . All i can say is WOW .... 
Terrible sleep and too much to think about = a terrible mood . 
My phone of 3 years took it's last breath this morning . RIP , Sony Ericsson . Hope to have a new one tonight ... 
Had a lovely < PROPFIRST>'s date with my guy last night , then got to < PROPFEMALE > out with the family today . Very nice weekend . 
I always want sugar between 3 and 4 pm . Bring me treats , pleeease ?! 
I got to see so many of my favorite people this weekend ! 
Yesterday while pealing potatoes , I also peeled my knuckle . Painful and disgusting . 
I have terrible spring fever and I want a vacation . 
I've probably seen Steel Magnolias 545 times since 1989 , and it still makes me cry ! 
After a great date night , I am feeling all happy and reconnected . Quality time is so important ! 
Why wouldn't it snow the day after I take the fleece liner out of my Columbia ? 
