whats happenin tonight ? 

excited my brother is home for the summer 
is riding the great galactic worm 
has two days off 
anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > later hit me up 586 222 8609 
is feeling better that i have in awhile 
gotta get up and go to the gym in 4 hrs but facebook is addicting lol 
Just got into a fight with my dad And so begins possibly the worst day of my life 
is oh so bored anybody whos got ideas ? 
Who Loves Orange Soda ? 
playing the game of drink tonight ... any challengers 
whoooo !!! fifth of jameson = big headache 
tomorrow off disc golf anyone ? 
Dont think im gonna make it to disc golf today :) on the other hand florida vacation coming up 
Always forgive your enemies ; nothing annoys them so much . 
why am i so emotionaly excitable around my friends kinda sucks when one of em's in a bad mood 
who wants to < PROPFEMALE > today hit the cell 5864436130 
so bored i need to broaden my social horizons and make some new friends or reconnect with the old 
believes that excellence is a habit not a condition and must be practiced everyday 
when ur on the way out do u want to be surrounded by people u were a burden to or people whos lives were better for having known u make ur choice 
yo 
hey everyone awesome 4th of july party goin on hit me up 586 443 6130 
whoo who wants to d golf on saturday morning 
3 weeks till < PROPMALE > cant wait 
Awesomely aware of azure arcs all around 
got tomorrow off first day off in a week who wants to do something 
Finally got the ticket to < PROPMALE > its fina lized so excited we got a hot tub in the room ! 
Guess what ? I win 
if u dont know what u want how can you know who u are 
wants you to take 5 minutes a day to reflect on how you could be a better person tomorrow than you were today 
awesome im goin to iron maiden/dreamtheater show yet another great thing to do . This is easily the best summer ive ever experienced 
Iron maiden was awesome in the best of ways 
11 more days till < PROPMALE > 
Do you think about the past . Do you worry about the future . Or do u deny both and simply enjoy the present for it is the only time that counts 
goin for milkshakes havent been to dairy < PROPFEMALE > in like 3 years 
booyakasha ? 
if people could see what others are like on the inside what would you look like ? 
The boredom is excuciating 
Are you funky enough to be a globetrotter 
wants you to be a straight G 
gettin paid then its off to gross point to stain a playset 
i get to go to work and actually make less money than i could otherwise and get it later how quaint 
7 hours me kiel and < PROPFEMALE > will be getting off the plane in < PROPMALE > 
bout to head to the airport every second is agony 
this resort is incredible i am going to enjoi this so thouroghly its incredible 
Hot as shit here 
Tommorrow is the end im starting to miss some ppl are u one of them ? 
me kiel ans < PROPFIRST > are gonna be home at 11 who wants to buy us a few beers and party :) 3 
Just made it on the ground ive only been on a plane once and i hate it so much but its good to be home 
fall needs to hurry the fuck up 
who wants to watch the meteor shower tonight 
threw up at the company picnic drinkin everyday for a month is catching up with me time for a break for sure 
Sunday off anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? 
phones back on hit me up with kewl shit to do 
Where the party at tonight 
Is tired of people tellimg him to be an asshole to get with a girl 
why do i gotta be mr pink ? 
first day off in a week tomorrow hit me up 
Is on the edge of conscienceness 
MATHAMATICAL !!! 
the only people u should get even with are those that have helped you 
where the party at ? 
im a streetwalkin cheetah with a heart full of napalm 
All good thing come to those who wait ... Okay what if im in a hurry ? 
got two tickets to the tigers game on tuesday who wants to go 
Heading to pick up < PROPFIRST > then tigers game later gunna be a good day 
so me < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > got kicked out of the tigers game at the top of the ninth due due a general raucusness and alleged vulgarity awesome :) 
here's hoping for a lil good luck . I could really use something to pick me up outta this funk ive been in 
I should lock u away where u cant kill or maim us but this is LA and you're < PROPMALE > and faaaammoouuss 
big ups for 12 hour day at work if ur boss calls u at 9 in the morning DO NOT ANSWER !! 
great friday i have top shelf friends who deliver top shelf times also commitment to bettering my life to much fucking around lately time to focus :) 3 
day off tomorrow anyone wanna go play disc golf 
Had to visit my dad at the hospital . today he collapsed on the job luckily . he was working on beamont in < PROPFIRST > and he wasent on the roof . yet hope the doctors know whats wrong soon . Btw i hate hopitals alot 
clean , clean , Cleeaann !!!!! 
Music my kids will never listen too ... < PROPFIRST > sinatra . Twisted sister . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Keep it going ! 
whoo withers and katatonia whos goin 
strikeout :( 
you are a bad artists malformed view of the human condition 
go withers great fuckin show katatonia was ok too i guess :) 
being a wino tonight cliche powers activate 
Ageless , remorseless , without pity or conscience 
Why can't people just be kewl with each other common decency is supposed to be common not rare right ? 
Phones back on woot !! 
Watching saucer full of secrets on dvd bitchin :) 3 
waking up at 9 plus laundrymat equals i I HATE EVERYTHING !!! 
i most assuredly have friends to make diddy ashamed of his entourage 
fucking loves < PROPFEMALE > 
hey everyone whats on you're mind 
real drunk but still fuck the blackhawks !! 
Work till 8 then doin something . Who has something to do ? 
as the plow breaks the earth shall he break the lives of men and all that is shall be consumed in the fire of his eyes 
Awesome party last night thanks < PROPFEMALE > cook 
phones back on hit it up 
and the < PROPFEMALE > never flitting still is sitting . Still is sitting on the pallid bust of pallas just above my chamber door , and his eyes have all the seeming of a demons that is dreaming and the lamplight ought him streaming throws his shadow on the floor and my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor shall be lifted ... Nevermore 
torn ligament in my knee plus breakin in new boots plus closing at work ... Ouch 
pink < PROPMALE > invented techno 
oh stern korean man walking around the laundymat why do u glare so ? 
Mug night at dooleys any takers 
Dust is the physical representation of the passage of time ! 
anyone wanna grab a beer 
straight pubbin it 
dude im wearing a snuggie their is no concept of time . As quoted from kiel chambers 
trying to get a party together who wants to come ? 586 443 6130 
I am in no fit state to do anything ... Why am i making plans ? 
just got in a car accident whoo :( 
seems like everytime something good is about to happen shit fucks up leave me be universe 
hey if it moves you can bet on it . What about the detroit lions ? Hey lay off detroit dem people is livin in mad < PROPMALE > times . Moe Syzlack 
well on my way to the center of the universe 
I think im going to start wearing a suit all the time . 
calling all ramsgate crew like this if u were part of it !! 
I think im jumping on this < PROPFIRST > thing . bring it 
30 . Dude my earliest memories involve you . We have been friends for 20 years and counting and cliches aside ur my brother from another mother and i hope years from now we can barbeque and bullshit while our children play love ya bro :) 
hey my friend is looking for a dog anyone got puppies 
As of late i have had a raw disgust with ppl i dont like and an overwhelming surge of love for those i do 
cant trust anybody ! 
BE NICE TO PEOPLE !!! ITS CHRISTMAS !!! 
To all of you who bring joy into my life < PROPFEMALE > CHristmas ! And to all of you who dont < PROPFEMALE > CHristmas to you too :) 
Death is both delicious and fashinable 
Gotta make a break from someone in my life . Clean break or phase them out slowly ? 
Ow ow ow ow 
anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tonight ? 
so my chiropractor just told me he couldent help me cuz my back is to locked up for him to do anything :( 
SUIT UP !!! 
Anyone need a roommate ? 
got talked into trying to drop into a bowl yesterday and now i feel like i just had my ass beat 
time to be responsible :( 
Back straight , < PROPFEMALE > up , eyes forward . Now . March through life with pride GO !!! 
Been kinda down as of late :( 
kinda feel awesome today :) 
sooo sick someone bring me some nyquil ans soup 
hey everybody come watch me freeze my ass of on sunday in new baltimore ill be jumping into a lake for the lions club :) 
Is going to die of boredom if some excitment desent come around soon 
Did the polar plunge today cold has a new definition :) awesom tho 
time exists so everything doesent happen at once 
wants to go ... 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
lets see what the center of the universe looks like 
We as humans are : habitual , violent , passionate , erudite , compassionate , brave , greedy . resilient . scared , independent , sympathetic . But we are more than a sum of our parts . Above all we are ... INCREDIBLE 
btw im awesome and i feel incredible 
anything goin down tonight ? 
anyone wanna go to the bar and play some pool 
needs some excitement 
My perception of myself as a rational person is being washed away and i dont like whats underneath it feels weak :( 
Borrrreed !!! Someone come play with me 
Real men hide their feelings . Why ? BECAUSE ITS NONE OF YOUR FUCKING BUISINESS !!! 
So lets raise our glass , to better days ! Forget the past . And our wicked ways . Lets sing together . This song . Lets make this feeling last all night long . \unknown < PROPFEMALE > punk band \"" 
some awesome ppl should come have a beer with me when i get out of work at ten o clock 
I wake up to the sound of music . Mother < PROPFIRST > comes to me speaking word of wisdom ... Let it be 
busy night at work almost time for beer :) 
drunk !! 
Now im scared if i stop talling ill die that what jesus told me hes over their in the corner 
i got a deal for ya everyone be nicer to each other so i dont always have to be the nice guy cmon 
I think me knee just popped back into place !! :) 
hey my family is moving and were leaving a bunch of stuff if anyone needs furniture let me know 
yo whats shakin tonight ? 
To many things goin on today so busy no time for fun :( 
\You're fellowship is one of pain and if that pain were collective rather than merely reiderative the sheer weight of it it would drag the world from the walls of the universe and send it crashing and burning through whatever night in might be capable of engendering till it was not even ash ! \ " white as played by tomy < PROPFIRST > jones " 
Lets face it . the < PROPFEMALE > are awesome ! 
someone wanna grab a drink ? 
so tired to much moving :( 
Allright , here is my news reverend . I long for the darkness i pray for death , REAL death and if i thought that in death i would meet the people i knew when i was alive that would be it the final horror the final nightmare . if i thought i was gonna see my mother again and have to start all that over again without the prospect of death at the end that would the u the ultimate horror ! Kafka on wheels . 
Im so very bored and i dont work till five ughh 
who wants to do something on friday ? 
4_12 shift on st pattys lets add that to thanksgiving and halloween i guess only cool people dont have to work on holidays fml 
We built our getaway in a tree we found we were so far away but we were still in town . Now i remember watching that old tree burn down i took a picture that i dont like to looke at 
I dont know what im looking for i just know i wanna look some more . And i wont be satisfied till theirs nuthing left that i havent tried . For some people its an easy choice but for me theres a devil with an angels voice 
I visit hell on a daily basis and i see the sadness in all your faces .. I dont know what i am livin for i know that i just wanna live some more 
Well it finally happend i realize tonight i am no longer as nice as i want to be but with this comes the realization that i dont care :) 
Let me see what spring is like on a jupiter and mars ... In other words 
So i was at pipers alley and a group of drunk people started singing little did they know me and kiel chambers were there long story short ... We won 
My little brother is a fucking imbecile breakin shit just because and when i ask him why i get a grunt as an answer 
Thats why darling its incredible that someone so unforgettable thinks that i am unforgettable too 
HAHAHAHA AWESOME ST PATRICKS DAY ! 
Phones back on ! Hit it up :) 
Whts everyone up to today ? 
super cool :( 
Pink < PROPMALE > :) 
name something u think your children will have a worse childhood for the lack of it : < PROPFIRST > sagan 
kicking around on a piece of ground in ur hometown waiting for someone or something to show u the way 
ow i need a back massage 
