Happy New Year ! 

Louisville is going to hand Kentucky its first losing game of the year . Maybe then all the arrogant Kentucky fans will shut up . 
Went ice skating at the sports plex tonight . I forgot how much fun and how hard it was . I had a flood of memories from my childhood to come back . 
I have never been in a position in which I get to choose which people I want to work with me and help create my own team ... I am so confused !!! But at least I finally get a say in who my co-workers might be . 
I HATE BEING SICK !!! 
I am so tired of being sick !!! 
Feeling better , coughing less , can breath out of both sides of my nose !!! Yeah !!! The little things in life we take for granted . 
Okay , I think I need to join a FarmTown Anonymous Group . LOL ! I realize I may have a problem bc my husband is complaining about how long I have been on here playing . 
Headed out for a day of fun at Nashville Shores . And then a wonderful evening with my mother to see Wicked at TPAC ! I am so excited ... 
Happy , Happy Friday ! ( I am doing the Happy Friday dance in my chair , in my cubicle . ) 
Going Halloween camping this weekend . I need for the rain and cold to stay away ! 
Happy Halloween ! Have fun and be safe . I will be spending the night and frollicking in the woods with all of the ghosts , ghouls , and goblins . Please pray that I stay warm and dry . 
My halloween plans are ruined b/c of the rain the past few days . This is very irritating ! But at least now my husband will get to go if it is able to be rescheduled to next weekend . 
Does anyone know how to make the day fast forward ? 
The work week is almost over ! Weekend , hurry up and get here !!!!!!! 
Hi weekend ! I am ready to greet you with open arms . You are so close , I can almost see you . 
I am so happy that I got to spend the evening with my cousins , aunt , friends , and mother . I look forward to having Christmas . I miss the holidays when we were kids and seeing everyone . 
I cannot wait til Christmas . I am so excited and do not even know why yet . 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
Another beautiful saturday ! 
I love to be surrounded by my friends and family . I am truly honored to have all of them , no matter how crazy we all are . 
Tired , need to go to bed . But I am fighting it for some strange reason . 
I kept on hearing about New < PROPFEMALE > in ' x ' days . I thought people were actually getting excited about the New < PROPFEMALE > that happens once a month . I did not know they are talking about a movie . I am getting old !!! 
Good morning ! My neighbors felt the need to wake me up early this morning by banging and hammering before the sun came up . 
Must give the dog a bath . I promised it will get done . UGHHHHH !!!!!!! 
I hate cramming 5 days of life into 3 days of life . 
one more day and then off for four !!! 
YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If you have anything on layaway at Kmart , get it out today . If anything you get out is on sale today , they are giving you the discounted price . 
I have had a wonderful few days off . I have spent just about every moment with family or friends . I even snuck in some time for myself . I have plenty of leftovers thanks to my mom and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is official , University of Louisville fired their football coach ! Maybe next season we will win a few games . 
I am tired ... that is about all I got to say . 
Four years ago today , we got married . We have defeated the odds so far . I have an awesome husband who always keeps me on my toes . 
Mondays after a holiday weekend are the worst ! 
I have a wonderful husband . He got me flowers and I got a new stand mixer with all the attachments needed to make my cakes . I cannot wait to make a cake ! 
Today is my Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My doctor said I have put on weight b/c of stress and quitting smoking . This sucks , I cannot eliminate the stress b/c everything I do involves stress . I quit smoking to get healthier . Something is wrong with this picture . 
I am done being a Poutty P*$$^ Face . I have gotten over the whole school thing and not being to get everything accomplished today that I had set out to do . I am slowly getting back at peace . 
The power of a nap cannot be measured . Why did we fight taking a nap as children ? 
Stayed in tonight , it has been a good day . Nevaeh and I made Christmas cookies . 
Been out with my dad all day , had a wonderful time . It is amazing how much cooler your parents and their friends get as you get older . 
I am grateful to have a job , but I do not like mondays . 
When can I start working for myself full time ? Is there any way I can make this happen a little bit faster ? 
Life is interesting ... 
I am supposed to start eating healthier , I am on day 2 . I have had a headache all day . I finally ate something with that is not on my diet , my headache went away almost instantly . I thought eating better is supposed to make you feel better . I am so confused . 
I cannot believe this , I am sitting here on the couch and keep hearing the strangest noise . I finally figured out , it is my turtle sticking his head above the water for air and he is snoring ! 
Yeah , the weekend is almost here . Nevaeh and I have a full day planned on Saturday . I cannot wait . 
Has anyone been to the < PROPFIRST > Brown ICE ! exhibit at Opryland ? Is it worth it ? 
Confused , so confused ... Seems to be a constant state of mind . 
has had a great day . 
Nevaeh spent the nite with me . We saw the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog movie . We wrapped her Christmas presents for her parents . Little girl cannot keep a secret . It has been a good weekend . 
I can understand being upset with Tiger Woods and I can agree that as of right now he may not be the person that he has portrayed himself to be . But we should be just as hard on our politicians , senators , and other public figures when they do the same things he has done . 
needs to be in bed . 
Yeah !!! It is only a week and one day til Christmas !!! 
I am so excited . I wish the weekend would hurry up and get here . I have one of my oldest and bestest friends coming in town , I get to have Christmas with my cousins , aunts , and uncles , and I get to see my bonus son on Sunday and it is his birthday . And Sunday nite , we get to go to Zanie's Comedy Club . 
I need today to fast forward to about 8 pm . Then slow down until 9 am . Then fast forward to 5:30 pm , so I can start my weekend . 
Had a great time at the family Christmas party . I love being around my cousins , aunts , and uncles . When we were children , I always looked forward to it because my best friends would always be there to play with . 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... ~~~~ Copy and paste ~~~ keep the wave going ! 
http://autos.aol.com/article/musical-cars 
It is almost Christmas !!! 
My favorite holiday memory : I have three : 1 . Waking up with my neice on Christmas morning . It made me cry with tears of happiness . 2 . Always going to Grandmama's house , there are so many memories there . 3 . My last Christmas with my Pawpaw , he told stories from his childhood . That is when I realized how blessed I was , by learning about his Christmas's as a child . 
I have had a wonderful Christmas . I could not have asked for a better day . Thank you to my family , I am gratefull to have all of you . 
I made the key lime icing , now it is time for bed . I will be baking and decorating all day tomorrow . 
It is Tuesday and the week is half over ! 
Happy New Year to everyone ! Please make sure to call a sober ride at 862-RIDE or call United Cab @ 228-6969 . 
I have noticed that my apartments are already advertising our apartment for rent . I am laughing so hard at the price they are trying to ask for it . Base price is $150 more than what we are paying . That does not include their water or trash . I am going to feel so sorry for whoever moves in next , if the mgmt does not get the trashy & obnoxious neighbors out first , for having to pay that price . 
I made a good New Years dinner : meatloaf , mashed potatoes , and black eye peas . YUMMY ! 
I never thought I would say this , but I am ready for school to start back now . I think I am ready . 
Ice skating last nite and a 3 mile hike today , I think I am ready to go back to work tomorrow so I can get some rest . LOL ! 
UGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just b/c you can do something , does not always mean you should . Sometimes things just have to correct themselves . 
I cannot believe that schools are already closed ! There is not even snow on the ground or air yet . I went to school with snow on the ground , it was even up to my knees and hips at some points . 
I do not want to get up and have to start doing my errands for the day . I want to sit on my couch and do nothing . Why can't I have a person to do all the work I do not want to do ? 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS or INFERTILITY . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike most diseases , baby loss/infertility is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten , and the babies who were not possible but ... are so loved . 
1 step forward , 2 steps back ... seems to be the story of my life . 
Finally , I got an approval letter from the student < PROPFEMALE > people . Now , the battle of class registration . Hmmm , I wonder how big of a headache that will be . lol 
I am registered for classes , woohoo ! Now , what is my next step ? 
Count begins , school starts on Saturday , move in 48 days , go to Bahamas in 87 days ... I am so excited to get all of this started . 
I licked my brother in line at the bank because my family thinks I'm stupid anyway . 
Have to start working on my first online class and packing up a few boxes . I can see trip to the goodwill store or a local drop off place in todays agenda . 
New quote , I just like it and seems a little fitting for some of my New Years resolutions , ' Through the destruction of the old came the creation of the new . ' 
Rainy day , I guess I will shampoo the carpet , pack a few more boxes , and study some more . Fun stuff ... 
Well , either I am a complete over-achiever , a ditz , or just clueless . I went to school today for my first class . Only to find out the doors were locked and I was the only one there , b/c it is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day . I even knew it was a holiday , but b/c I had to work it never hit me that all schools were closed . Just have to laugh at myself at this point . :-P 
Even though I could not go to school today , I just managed to finish my first real online homework assignment . Yeah ! 
Todays game .... MIDDLE NAMES ONLY .... Everyone play this game . You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle name is , Copy and paste this to your profile . Before you tell me your middle name ... my middle name is .... Asketa . 
Good evening ! 
I will be cruisin ' in 82 days , I am so excited ! 
is feeling extremely irritated tonite . 
Green apple Jolly Ranchers and bibles remind me of my grandmothers . 
found a new cake supply store and is super excited ! 
is tired of the stupidity . It is time for some changes . 
Good nite , I am one tired little girl . 
Finally , enough snow to get excited about . 
Hates when children make you feel old . Children in my complex were scraping snow off the cars with ice scrapers . I would not care if they were scraping the windows , but they were scraping the paint . I asked 3 times for them to stop . Then they asked if they could kick the ice off of the cars ! Finally , I got their parents phone number , and called their mom . 
Snowy day , seems like a good day to knock out some homework . I may even manage to pack up a few boxes this afternoon . 
One < PROPMALE > homework assignment down . Only one more big one and just some reading to catch up on . 
Had a fight with a hill and a sled . The hill got the best of me . But I took out the sled in one try . But I ruined everyone else's fun in the process . 
My Sharona by The Knack was the 1# song on the Billboard List in the year I was born . Followed by Bad Girls by < PROPFEMALE > Summers and Do Ya Think I'm Sexy by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
I love PINK . She is awesome . 
< PROPMALE > Matthews in one hour !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
They are playing my favorite song from the Big Whiskey album ! 
I am taking on the task of making my largest cake ever . Hmmm , this is going to be interesting . I am excited and know I can do it , but very nervous . 
At 6 am my alarm clock went off , I jumped up and started getting ready for work . After I am halfway awake , I realize it is Saturday morning and I do not have to be anywhere . Now , I am wide awake . This stinks ! 
If only I had kept all of my Strawberry Shortcake toys from when I was a kid , I would have alot more money in my pocket right now . 
It has taken me 3-4 hours to pack my kitchen . And that is not including the food . Why is it that the smallest room in the apartment is taking the longest ? And where did all of this useful stuff come from ? 
It is funny that I almost have the whole house in boxes in the spare room . And it is even more hilarious that it is starting to drive < PROPMALE > nuts . We are down to eating off of paper plates and bowls , plastic forks and spoons , foam cups , getting sugar out of ziploc baggies , and my clothes are scaled down to just what I need for the next 3 weeks . He is so lucky that I have not tackled his clothes . 
I have done homework for the past 7 hours . I am exhausted . I guess that is what happens when you do not set time aside and do little by little . 
Cannot sleep , this stinks ! 
in 60 days , I will be on a ship sailing to a place that my phone does not even reach ! I am so excited . 
Thank goodness it is Friday !!!!!!!!!! 
Yeah , one quiz down . And I made a good score on it . It is amazing how much you can retain , when you are reading about something you are interested in . 
I have a wonderful husband . He knows that on the days when I plan on studying all day to bring me two sausage burritos from McDonalds . That keeps me from having to go anywhere or do anything other than focus on my studying . 
So , far I have an A- in one of my classes . Yeah me !!! 
Hopefully , class does not get cancelled tonite . 
The only words I know to describe today is hurry up and wait . 
No staff meeting in the morning ! I get to sleep a little late . 
I really want to just sit in my house and enjoy the last Saturday morning in it before I move . But I cannot , I must get up , put on my big girl pants , stop whining , and start my day and take care of errands . I hate constantly working & being responsible , but love the benefits from them . 
I am at mom's baking my little heart away . I am so tired . But it will be worth it in the end . 
My favorite movie quote is from Steel Magnolias . It sounds like something I would have done not that many years ago . lol Annelle : We are in the house of the Lord ! Clairee Belcher : Oh like she cares . Ousier's never done a religious thing in her life . Ouiser Boudreaux : Now that is not true . When I was in school , a bunch of my friends and I would dress up as nuns and go bar-hoppin ' . 
Finally , I am home and able to relax ! 
I have to work in one of the best departments in Vanderbilt . Not only do I get to help patients during one of the most momentous times in their lives , my clinic also knows how to throw a party to show their appreciation for their employees . Only if every day could be like today . 
There is a cake competition in Nashville the week I will be on vacation ! I am so upset that I will miss it . :-( At least I will be where it is warm that week . Maybe next year I will participate . 
I will be moving tomorrow . If anyone wants some free exercise , feel free to come over in the morning , lol . I love the new place . It is fully upgraded and is so awesome compared to my old place . 
I want something to snack on , but everything is packed up in boxes ! I guess I do not need it anyway . 
I must return back to the reality tomorrow and go back to work . I am not looking forward to it . I really need a dislike button to follow this post . But on the brightside , in 38 days , I will be headed for the Bahamas . 
is asking for everyone to be quiet , my imaginary friend has a headache . 
So far , I have a 94.6 in my online class ! That is an A !!!!!!! Yeah !!!!!!!! 
Willing to trade one perfectly good Monday that has never been used ( still in package ) for a weekend in any condition ( new or used ) . Call me to negotiate terms . 
I hope Alabama beats the cat poo out of those Wildcats ! 
wonders ... does the grapes in wine count as one of your 5-a-day ? 
Had a great afternoon baking cakes and with Su and < PROPMALE > . I cannot get over how much he has grown . 
is just wondering how some people manage to irritate me without even trying . Do they even know they are doing it or are they just like that naturally ? How you say something and the words you choose can make a huge difference . 
I am such a dork . I have a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper due next Sunday . But I am enjoying writing it so much , that I am almost done . I love working on a project that I have a personal interest in . 
My < PROPFEMALE > bought me the Perfect Brownie Pan ! I am so excited and cannot wait to use it this weekend . Who knew that giving me something so simple would make my day ! 
In 25 more days , we will sailing to the Bahamas ! 25 days cannot pass fast enough . I am so excited ! 
I do not really collect anything . I think I am going to start collecting retro/vintage cooking aprons . I have always wanted one and I love the old school aprons . But they must be cute ones , not the ugly ones . Only the ones that make you look hot while wearing them , lol . 
Happy Friday ! 
has a wonderful and strong family tree ! Our branches grow in different directions , but our roots remain as one . I spent the day with different branches of my family today , and it was a wonderful day . I am glad I got to see all of you . I love you ! 
Why is Monday so far away from Friday , but Friday is so darn close to Monday ! 
My hubby brought me a flower and put it on my nite stand before I woke up . I have been telling everyone that he can be sweet when no one is looking . 
Kentucky lost ! The best news I have heard all day ! 
It is the most imortant job in the world , you should need a license to do it , most of us would not even pass the written exam ... being a parent . Even though some of us may not have actually given birth , does not mean they are not a parent to someone . 
Things are to be used and people are to be loved . The problem in today's world is that people are used while things are loved . 
I need two lids in Cafe World . Please send to me . Thank you ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , now I only need one more lid ! 
Off to hunt Easter Eggs ! 
It was beautiful outside , spent it with my neice and sister . Went to an Easter Egg hunt , ate hot dogs and stuff . Pretty close to perfect . 
Every time I get to a point in my life where I am ok with living a childless life , a holiday creeps up to remind me that I really am not . 
Vacation brain is setting in , I am having a hard time getting motivated to go to work today . 
I got a 140/150 on my feasibility paper ! I am so happy !!! 
Its amazing what above freezing temps and a little sun will do for your mood ! 
hopes her abundance of happiness on facebook , irritates some of you , lol . 
Life is wonderful , beautiful , and whatever adjective can be used to finish this sentence ! I do not have a theasaurus handy , lol . 
We are finally back home ! But I now have land sickness , instead of sea sickness . I must keep moving or rocking myself in order to keep from getting nauseated . 
I am finally , getting better . My head is still swimming a little bit . But at least I am not having to constantly rock myself to keep from throwing up . The cruise is over , why am I feeling sick now ? I thought sea sickness stopped when I got off the ship ? Oh well , I had the time of my life . I will gladly trade a few days of land sickness , for the past week . It was worth it . 
Back to reality tomorrow ! Today is the last of my vacation . :-( 
For the first time in my life , I know what a real vacation is . Thank you to everyone that helped in making sure we got to enjoy it . 
Why does a school decide to do maintenance on its website the last weekend before the end of the semester ? Really , can't they wait one more week ? 
I still cannot sign in to do my homework ! UGHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
Dear 30 , You were alot of fun and the best year of my life . But I regret to inform you that 31 has pushed its way in and has forced me to claim it . So , with that being said , thank you 30 for all that you have done and for giving me the best year of my life . Oh , and tell 20-29 , they stink compared to you , lol . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! I know I am loved . 
I am done with school til August ! I guess I will have to just take cake classes til then to fill my free time . There should be a lot of cake scraps in my house between now and then . lol ! 
A certain little sister of mine , needs to replace my croc dress shoes that she borrowed a year or more ago . Maybe that is what she will get me for my birthday ? lmao 
I need to be in bed right now . 
This is crazy ! I have not seen rain like this before . I knew I should have bought a lifejacket when they were on sale this winter . 
I am so grateful that I live on top of a hill . 
Putting the cell phone on the charger . I do not think my electricity will be going out , but stranger things have happened this weekend . 
Going to bed , it is going to be an interesting swim into work . Considering ducks and I do not get along , I hope they do not give me too much grief . 
On top of everything else , there is possibly going to be a gas shortage starting tomorrow . Do not know if it is true or just a story trying to scare people . 
Fa-la-la-la , life is wonderful ! -Jason Mraz 
I get to go in late this morning , at 10 . I am beginning to think I need to go ahead and leave due to the traffic . 
I made a B+ in my Entrepreneur class ! Yeah me !!! 
Friday nite boredom has set in ! 
If you have a roof over your head , clothes on your back , and feel like you do not have anything , go out and do some volunteer work in Nashville or any of the surrounding areas . It will help remind you how much you really do have . 
TROJAN LABOR NOW HIRING 300+ RESTORATION WORKERS . APPLY IN PERSON TODAY AT 271 HERMITAGE AVE , NASHVILLE , TN 37210 
HOLY COW !!! I have a 4.0 GPA for the end of the semester !!! I did not expect that ... I thought I had a 3.0 . 
My husband cracks me up , he thinks that he runs this home . LMAO ! 
Bongo Java Coffee can now be ordered and shipped ! That is fabulous , if you do not live close by . It is just lazy if you do live close and still order it , lol . 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet girls , they're from Alabama . But Tennessee girls , we have fire and icein our blood . We can ride four-wheelers , be a debutante , throw left hooks , and hunt with the boys , all the while making sweet tea , Darlin ' . And if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . I love being aTennessee Girl !!!! ( Repost if you're a True Tennessee Girl ) 
Hate traffic ! I have gotten nowhere fast . 
I will be in Louisville next weekend ! If anyone wants to make plans to see me , let me know . Love you guys ! 
Need to go to bed ! There is much to be done tomorrow . 
Okay , Okay , Okay ! I am getting up and trying to get motivated to go do volunteer work . I know that other people need my hard work more than I need my laziness today . I hate it when my little angel on my shoulder tells me to do the right thing and wins . 
It is so funny to see someone run from the police on foot . Don't they know they will get caught ? 
Had a wonderful dinner with a great friend tonite . Thank you ! 
Rain , rain , go away ! Nashville does not need anymore today ! 
Irritable , very irritable , very , very irritable . 
The cake color tonite is black . So , that means my hands will be black and purple for the next few days . 
I just watched the first 10 minutes of Grey's Anatomy , and I cannot wait to see the rest . 
This is the most intense episode of Grey's Anatomy ever . 
Okay , it is over ! I can breath now . 
Cannot wait to get off work tomorrow and hit the road to Louisville ! 
Very productive day-picked up transcripts from Louisville ( b/c for some reason they cannot seem to mail them ) , drove to Nashville , delivered them to NSCC , got all holds lifted for registration , completed application for student loans for the fall , and registered for fall classes . I am pooped to say the least . 
The car is my own personal space/road ship . I have a TomTom to yell at me when I make a wrong turn in the upper corner , the rearview & sideview mirror to view & let me know what is coming up on me , the radio is my world wide info delivery service & entertainment , the cell phone is my personal communication radio , & all sorts of bells and lights to let me know when the space/road ship has a mechanical problem . 
Sometimes as an adult , we forget that stepchildren need love too . It is hard to include them at certain times with split families and arguing over silly stuff , but they need to be loved and accepted as well . It is not always easy , but it is something that should be done . Besides it is not their fault that they were brought into our life . But it is our fault , if we choose not to love them and leave them out . 
Pool opens on Friday !!! 
wishes I was camping at LSP this weekend ... 
I have had a busy and big day with Nevaeh and friends . Came home and baked til we both are about to pass out . Actually , she just beat me to it , lol . She has been a real trooper today . 
The last time i got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > or a wasp for about 18 years ago . Yesterday , I got stung by a wasp , I had forgotten how bad that sucker can hurt . It was unlike any other pain I can remember feeling . I did not cry , but I stood in one place begging for tobacco and ice and shaking for about 5 minutes . Whoo ! I am glad the pain did not linger into today . 
I really wanted to fresh artichokes , but my grocery store does not < PROPFEMALE > them . I guess I will just have to make some artichoke dip , made from frozen artichokes . 
What character in a book do I remind you of ? 
... friendship is like a puzzle , if it comes apart ... you just put it back together piece by piece . I have been doing this for various and unknown reasons lately . Maybe it is because we are all growing up and in a different place in life than when we left off . I love you all . 
After looking at Sullivan University's baking and pastry website in Louisville , I am even more irritated that Nashville does not have a better culinary school . :-( 
Bored !!! Wishing I was taking summer classes . 
Heading to bed early , gotta be up at 6am in the morning to go kayaking with dad and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I had a great day with dad and < PROPFEMALE > . I kayaked about 10-12 < PROPMALE > in a leaking kayak , so it felt like I kayaked more . I wrote it off as extra exercise , lol . 
I just saw a sign for plate lunches and short order strippers . Does anyone know what a short order stripper is ? 
About to head out for a fun day of kayaking on the lake with dad . Finally , I have found a form of exercise that I like doing and able to stay cool while doing it . 
I am sunburned and tired . Had a great day with my dad , he treated me like a student and not his daughter in his kayaking class . It was funny . 
Should have just stayed at work another 30 minutes , instead of fighting the traffic . 
730 meetings ~ stink ! 
Whoever keeps irritating my office mate , please quit . ;-) 
It has been a good day . But I am exhausted and yet have so much to do still . 
I hate being lost ! 
Very , very exhausted . Had a wonderful day on the river kayaking with my dad . Got to have dinner with him and my little brother . Thank you to my dad and LT . I appreciate all that you do for my family and me . 
It is useless to fight a battle with ignorant people . Do not waste your energy when you can win without saying a word . 
I love chic flicks , but I always cry . 
Camping on an island in the rain is awesome ! 
I am so tired . I camped on an island with dad and Nevaeh . We kayaked back this morning to the shore . She did so good in the kayak and on the island . She thought there were monsters on the island . So , to < PROPMALE > off the monsters I put monster lotion ( sunscreen ) on her and her scary pirate shirt . She bought it ! I need a nap ! But I do not see one in my immediate future . I will sleep like a baby later though . 
Has this urge to throw a certain individual down a flight of stairs , just for the amusement of watching them bounce . 
Ignorance is bliss ... 
I have a very smart husband . The dealership has been given us problems about our car and saying nothing was wrong b/c it would quit acting up when we got there . This morning when it acted up , he videotaped the problems on his cell phone and showed it to them . Now , they are able to fix it . Yeah !!! 
Wishes this day was over !!! 
Welcome 3 day weekend !!! 
Thank you neighbor below for waking me up at 1am , for the 5th time in 5 months . I am sure you enjoyed your visit from Mr. Police Officer . Do not worry , I plan on telling the apt manager again . Hopefully , they will give you a wake up call of another type . 
I can remember having watermelon pies every year at Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s house on the 4th of July . I am not exactly sure who always made them . But anyways I decided to make my own . 
Happy 4th of July ! Be safe and designate a driver , preferrably a sober one . 
I think I like this 3 day weekend . Can we do this every week ? 
For the first time in several years , I have a few teeny < PROPFEMALE > sunblisters . 
It is amazing how a certain song can take you back to a specific moment in your life . I always think of the summer of 93 when I hear Crying by Aerosmith . I can almost tell you scene for scene of the video . 
I really wished I had a < PROPMALE > Seger or a < PROPFIRST > Cocker cd today . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APwfZYO1di4&feature=player_embedded 
Today's fun forecast includes < PROPMALE > jumping and hiking through waterfalls . 
I walked through 16 waterfalls ( big and little ) , went swimming and did some inner-tubing . Had a wonderful day ! And now I am exhausted . Rock Island is very cool place . I am amazed at how beautiful it is . 
< PROPMALE > Presley's home , Graceland , is located in Memphis , Tennessee , and is the most visited house in the US that does not contain the word \pancakes \"." 
Spent the day with mom making hibiscus flowers for cupcakes . I really enjoy being in the kitchen with her . Then I headed to the park and picked blackberries with dad . It has been a great day , I got to spend it with both of my parents . I am very lucky to have them . 
The road to happiness lies in two simple principles : find what it is that interests you and that you can do well , and when you find it , put your whole soul into it-every bit of energy and ambition and natural ability you have . - < PROPFIRST > D . Rockefeller III 
Ace of Cakes is on . Gotta go ! 
I know it is a few years away , but I cannot wait for my dad to retire just so I can make a fire truck cake . 
Another morning of hit the ground running ... 
I am looking at the quality of the < PROPMALE > work some of the bakeries here in Nashville , so far I am not impressed with the quality of work they are selling . But I am very surprised at how much they are charging and people are actually paying for it . Hmmm ... something to think about . 
I am bored . Anyone got any cake flavors that they have not had , but would like to try ? Give me some ideas . 
Had a great nite watching the Nashville Sounds play and being around great company . 
The next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em .. do it and say , \Mosquito\ " and quickly walk away ;D " 
Semi ~ homemade chicken pot pie in the oven . Yummy ! 
Chocolate cupcakes with Peanut Butter icing ... yummy ! 
I am thinking of making a cake an entering it into the Tennessee State Fair , just for fun . Any ideas ? They can be humorous , I even saw one from a few years back with a redneck in a bath tub . I think it actually won something . 
Anyone who thinks that sunshine is pure happiness , has never danced in the rain . 
Zip lining with dad tonight ! Then road tripping with the little sister to Louisville to see baby Cartney ! Boy , is it going to be a long nite . 
Cannot sleep ! I should be passing out . 
Broken/damaged plans must be the way God tests me . 
People really do not know how ignorant they appear when throwing a fit . But thanks for the entertainment , I needed the laugh . LOL ! 
I guess I need to glue on my halo on ... stupid horns keep knocking it off ! 
“Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured . ” ~ < PROPFIRST > Twain 
life isn't a written book u can pick up and read ... It is a journal waiting for u to fill it's pages .. :) 
Last nite Nevaeh and Rain came into the living room and started playing < PROPFIRST > Mouse club . They made us yell \O'toodles!\ " about 5 times . Little ones and their imagination are amazing . I love those little girls so much . I will take that memory with me forever . " 
Omg ! My husband is such a child when he wants something big and cannot wait to get it . 
Monday is only a few hours away . Please secure your seat belt , keep your arms and legs in at all times , and enjoy the ride . 
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Brilliant 
Have I shared my hatred of the mess that comes with decorating with buttercream icing ? In case I have not , I really hate it ! 
I am now convinced that < PROPFIRST > Angel is the devil's son . 
After a long day of work , I am so glad I have my kitchen to go and hide , relax , and bake away my frustrations . Now , if only I could get the same satisfaction from cleaning after I am done making my mess . 
The two biggest sellers in any bookstore are the cookbooks and the diet books . The cookbooks tell you how to prepare the food , and the diet books tell you how not to eat any of it . -- < PROPMALE > Rooney 
\Living is easy with eyes closed \"" 
School books for me are not as cheap as they were last semester . I hate when I cannot rent them . 
I am watching one of the grossest movies I have seen in a long time . But I cannot turn it off b/c my curiousity has me trapped . 
I need a few more hours added to my weekend . An extra day would be even better . ;-) 
Only one hour into my day , and I must buy new shoes . My feet are killing me ! Thank God for TJ Maxx ! 
It is raining ! At least I was smart enough to leave an umbrella in the office for days like this . 
Had a good evening with my mom . I love spending time with her . 
Just dyed my hair . It has that cheap , trashy , < PROPFEMALE > Parton color to it . Oops ! At least I like < PROPFEMALE > . 
I know I am electronically challenged . I just want to watch a movie . I put the dvd in the xbox , it starts playing , but I cannot hear it . I turned the volume up , but nothing happens . 
I have lost my phone , someone call me please , lol . 
Not too shabby for a monday . 
For the first time since 1998 , I fried spam for dinner . The bad part is that I actually wanted it . But now my gut is paying for it . 
An eye for an eye , just leaves the whole world blind-Ghandi 
Healthy discontent is the prelude to progress-Ghandi 
Finally , my friday can start ! 
I love and hate watching Whale Wars . The good guys force me to cheer for the bad guys , bc they irritate me so much . 
I have gotten a phone call from my mom that has taken me back to my teenage years , lmao ! 
Had a great night camping with Dad & Nevaeh . We did get rained on but we just played in the tent until it stopped . This morning while paddling back , Nevaeh wanted to paddle to each buoy and touch it . Thank goodness we got to the car before the heat started . 
\In my world 
I came home and had quality time with my kitchen . We have spent about 2 hours together tonite . :-) 
I am kind of irritated , my text books for this semester are going to cost me approxiamately $425 for only three classes . And the worst part is that they cannot be sold back at the end of the semester . No wonder college students are so freaking broke . 
School has started , let the studying begin ! 
I have accomplished quiet a bit today . Wish I could have knocked out all of my studying today , but the rest is not completely my fault . Either the teacher has not released the quizzes yet or I just cannot figure it out . Hopefully , she will respond to my email soon . 
I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , And that enables you to laugh at life's realities . -\ 
Dr. Seuss 
I have managed to make a total of 70 cupcakes , in a combination of 3 different flavors , plus the icing , and kept the kitchen clean . Yeah !!! 
You would think a college professor would be happy if a student is ahead of the game . I guess not based on the message I got from her . I will just have to hold on to my assignments til the last minute and turn them in to make her happy . Damned if you do and damned if you don't . UGH !!! 
Is anyone doing the Demolition Derby in Springfield this weekend ? 
You know you are from Louisville when people ask what school you went to , they don't mean Vanderbilt , Yale or Harvard ;\ 
they mean Ballard , Male , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > or St. X . 
Headed to bed just watch my eyelids for a few hours . good nite 
A few more hours and then we are off for a few days ! 
I love my mom . She is the best ever . I would not be able to do half of what I attempt without her . 
It is 1:30 in the morning , I am still doing homework on a Saturday night . What's wrong with this picture ? ( I should have done it 13 years ago . ) :-) 
Sesame seed has been said to have magical powers . That is where we get the phrase , \Open Sesame ! \"." 
I am reading my Health and Sanitation book . By the time I am done with this chapter , I may never eat again . I am so grossed out right now . 
Okay , okay , I am going to start moving around ! I really just want to sit and be lazy all day . 
Everytime I close my eyes , I see my name in shining lights ! ( One day ) 
They were threatened by my intelligence & to stupid to know that's why they hated me . -Sheldon Cooper , from The Big Bang Theory 
Life is not defined by how many mistakes you make , but by how many of them you correct . ( I think I have a little bit of experience in this area , lol . ) 
Has anyone ever had to do an online group project ? I am having trouble getting a grasp of this . 
For a short work week , it sure has been a long and stressful week . 
I hate doing projects that I do not completely understand . I may be overanalyzing and making it harder than what it is supposed to be , it seems that is what I do best . 
I am going to spend the day with my < PROPFEMALE > . Normally this is fun , but today we are going to a family reunion . But the most important part of the whole day is that I will be with my < PROPFEMALE > , even if the rest of it all stinks . That alone will make it worth it . 
As I sit back and listen to all of these people , I realize how much knowledge they have . It may not be computer saavy knowledge , but they know more than I ever could . 
I love watching the MTV VMA's! It always makes me feel like a teenager . 
I hate it when things are not done in the timeframe I would like for it to be done . I am a very impatient person when it comes to certain things , most things . Maybe that is where my Taurus the Bull comes in . 
The smelly girl has set next to me in class . If I make through the next 3 hours without barfing , I deserve some air freshener . 
has never gone through life the easy way from point A straight to point B ... I have always taken the winding road . I prefer the scenic route !! 
I am reaching my breaking point ! 
It is S.H.I.T day-Sure Happy It's Thursday ! 
I got my flu shot today . I started feeling yucky about 2 hours ago . I hope it passes quickly . 
I thought the flu shot was supposed to keep you from getting sick ? 
I am watching the movie Where the Wild Things Are . I used to love this book as a kid . 
I have the sweetest husband , he stopped by Cracker Barrel on his way home to get me breakfast b/c I was feeling icky . 
Spent the day with mom and < PROPFEMALE > . I enjoyed seeing her . She has grown up and turned into such a beautiful young lady inside and out . Not that she has not always been beautiful . keep up the good work girl ! 
says friendship is like a garden ... You need to plant seeds of kindness , water often with conversation , and never forget to weed out misunderstandings . 
Heading to L-ville for the day , will be back later tonite . 
Mondays are Sunday's poop . 
Got a whole lot of reading . Good thing there is nothing on the tv to distract me tonite . 
Please do not let today repeat itself . It has been crazy . 
Counting down the minutes til this Friday is over ! And let the weekend begin ! 
It is amazing how much more aware you are about certain things when you are taking a class on it . I always knew that this stuff existed , but now I am constantly reminded and it is like it is being thrown in my face . 
I am working in the Children's Hospital today . Every child that has come in has fever , coughing , sore throat , and vomitting . I hope this is not a forward look of what my next week will hold . 
Finally heading on the road to go camping . We might even get the tent up before dark . But that is a big fat maybe . 
Got the tent up before dark , thanks to my hubby and friends ! 
Huge field , glowing moonlight , bonfires , open bar , & with my hubby = priceless . 
Back from camping , but about to head out to play a few rounds of softball . Hopefully , I do not pass out on the field from the side effects of last nite . 
Got a 92 , A- on my sociology paper ! I am happy with that . I was expecting a lower grade , but even happier that I got that . I guess a little hard work does pay off . 
I am sorry if I make people feel they aren't a priority in my life . I am working , going to school , & baking at nite . I'm focusing on me & my future , so that I can have the career I want & be able to enjoy life . I'm not ignoring anyone , I just have a few commitments to myself for a little while & I am making myself a priority for the first time . Any free time I have is being spent doing things that make me relax . 
My mom has more friends on facebook than I do . 
Today is my friday ! Woo Hoo !!! 
I want to ride the mechanical bull ! 
I made it up to level 5 on the bull ! I am going back for more tomorrow . 
Heading to Arkansas State for an afternoon of tailgating and football ! And I am still up $20 from the roulette table . 
Yeah Rebels ! Beat those little Wildcats ! 
Cards won ! Great game , there is no match for seeing it in person and sitting in the stands . 
Finally home ! UofL won , tailgating , lots of fun , and time with my in-laws , means a great weekend . I only lost $40 at the casino , so I am not coming home crying . 
Bowl of chili and a hot dog for lunch , it hit the spot . Yummy ! 
I pray my cake works out as planned . It is most definitely going to be a challenge to finish tomorrow nite . 
Cake is finished ! But the kitchen is a mess :-( 
Had a nice quiet nite at home . Tomorrow is going to be filled with house cleaning and homework . Oh yeah :-( 
The cleaning fairies from my Cafe World , need to come to life and get busy on my real house . 
Yeah Cards ! Cards 56 , Memphis 0 ! 
I have been playing on Ancestry.com all day . It is very interesting . 
NY Governor candidate , Paladino , is an idiot ! He has no room to discuss marriage when he cannot even figure out how to keep from cheating . 
I have misplaced my wallet ! But no one has used my cards . So , hopefully it will magicly appear before I start replacing everything . 
Once I get all of my stuff replaced , I am going put it on a chain around my neck . This has been a nightmare to try to get it all replaced . 
Chicken and dumplin's with a glass of red wine for dinner . May not be everybody's idea of a great dinner , but it works for me . 
Quiet nite at home , just the dog and me . This week has been a hectic and sad one . Hopefully , Saturday and Sunday will make it all worth it . RIP < PROPFEMALE > , you were loved by more people than you will ever know . 
Some people are like Slinky's , pretty much useless but make you smile when you push them down the stairs . 
I love rock ballads from the 80's and early 90's . 
If anyone would like to go ziplining , a group of us are going on October 30 . Let me know and I will tell you where to sign up . 
At home for the day , a big chunk of my back is now missing . I really appreciate how far medicine has come , but when are we going to get to the < PROPFEMALE > Trek < PROPFEMALE > when all I have to do is let the doctor simply scan me to see if I have an illness ? 
I did not realize it was time to start thinking about which classes I want to take next semester . I am so excited ! I love school , why couldn't I have felt this way earlier ? I guess I had to figure out what I wanted to be when I grow up . 
Everything I touch today breaks ! 
Hell's Kitchen is not coming on tonite ! Now what am I going to watch ? 
I am so sleepy and fading fast . 
98 more days til we get to go on vacation ! It seems like it is so far away , but really time will fly due to the holidays . 
I cleaned my stitches to the best of my ability tonite all by myself . When I first looked at it , I about grossed myself out . Thanks to my friend < PROPFEMALE > and my husband < PROPMALE > for cleaning it for me this week , when I could not . 
It is so sweet to see my husband with my niece . That big mean persona he puts off , melts away when she ask him to do something or to watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars cartoons with him . 
My 3 year old niece has gotten bored . So I gave her a baby wipe and she is having a blast cleaning , lol . 
I am parked in a neighborhood by the Titans stadium , waiting to pick up my mom . All of the people are sitting on their porch and looking at me like I have a third eye or like I smell like a skunk . 
So the missing wallet has been found ! My teacher had it . I appreciate him returning it , but it would have been nice to have gotten an email to let me know before I replaced and cancelled it all . 
Sissy ! 
One cake baked , now 2 dozen cupcakes to go , at least that is it for tonite . Unless I decide to get really ambitious ! 
Cakes are done , house is clean , homework is caught up , one more day of work , then I get to enjoy my fun-filled weekend . I am so excited ! 
Had a nice dinner with my sister-in-law . Tomorrow we get to go zip-lining !!! 
I had a wonderful day with my family . I wish my little brother could have been there . 
People are actually getting mad at me on the FB UNO game , lol . 
I have been pulling my hair through a cap for 2 hours ! And I still have the sides to do . The things I do to dye my hair . 
I am so glad the election is over ! Maybe now I will quit getting pre-recorded phone calls asking for my vote . 
It is amazing what you can find out and who you can find on Facebook without actually trying hard at all . And the funniest thing is that they do not even know , lol . 
I just got done watching Toy Story , and now I am thinking about all of my old toys . :-( I wonder whatever happened to my favorite doll , < PROPFEMALE > ( my first Cabbage Patch Kid ) . I still have some of my Cabbage Patch Kids at my < PROPFEMALE>'s . But what about < PROPFEMALE > ? I hope she ended up with another kid that loved her like I did . 
I have a full day ahead of me . Working in Children's Hospital til 12:30 , then off to Cool Springs Mall for a few hours to work at the Health Fair ( that will be interesting ) . Then I get to start my weekend and have some fun and relax . 
Trying to do get my pre-Christmas shopping done online . Hopefully , I can get it planned out and done . It should not be too difficult . 
Normally , we make sure to get presents for all of our close friends and family . This year things are different due in part to the terrible economic year & that I don't like Ya'll ( just kidding , no i'm not , really its not you its me ) . We will limit our purchases to a select few people who have won a < PROPMALE > to get a gift from us . The raffle tickets cost $15.00 and go on sale 11-8-10 . Good luck and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I got an extra hour of sleep , thanks to the time change . I feel so much better . 
Took Rain and Nevaeh to pick an Angel from the Angel Tree today . We got her some nice stuff . Hopefully , this is the beginning of teaching them that Christmas is not just about receiving , but it is really about giving . They did a great job and I think they actually understood what we were doing , at least for a few minutes . 
I have drank about 64 ounces of water today . I will probably spend most of my time in the bathroom instead of the classroom . 
I am sorry that someone in front of me had an accident , but I have been sitting in one spot for 30 plus minutes . It is really screwing my morning up . 
' Ugghhh ' is the word of the day ..! 
Thanks to all of our veterans . 
This has been a really rough week , I will be so glad to sleep in on Saturday ! 
At the end of every storm is a rainbow . Sometimes it takes a little bit longer for the storm to pass , but it is always worth the rainbow in the end . 
The joys of apartment living ! 
Like ripples on the water , the things you do that seem small , can have a big impact on other people . 
Homework , homework , homework ! What a waste of a beautiful day . I guess this is my punishment for not staying ahead of the game on the ugly days . 
I love when Neeko ( dog ) is dreaming , she starts making noises and shuffling her feet . Then she wakes up irritated bc I woke her up from my laughter . 
I know that people are able to say whatever they want on here . Sometimes when we do that , it opens the door to show the world your lack of intelligence and maturity . And not every thought should be displayed for everyone to see . My opinions of this person has been changed and I am not sure it can ever be changed back . It is really sad , b/c I did like that person . 
I'm not talking to myself , only crazy people do that ! I was simply answering the voices in my head ... they had a question . 
I have worked non-stop for several hours now . It is time to rest and do it all over again for one more day . 
I think < PROPFEMALE > is Kat < PROPMALE > D's illegitimate mother . They look alot alike . Either way , < PROPFEMALE > is hot for a 64 year old woman . Just do not look at her face . 
It was good seeing my family . I enjoyed spending the afternoon with a few of my aunts and cousins . Thanks Aunt < PROPFEMALE > for the lesson and letting me shop on your pantry . I love you all ! 
Great Monday is peaking around the corner , where did I put my stress ball and coffee cup ? 
Someone did not cancel events on the Opry Mills website , lol . According to the events posted there will be a Jewelry Sale and 50% everything in a store . This is surely going to confuse some people that do not know it is closed . I guess they will think it is a secret sale and that is why they are the only one's there on Black Friday . 
Odd thing started happening this weekend , my hair has always been straight as an arrow , all of a sudden it is holding a little bit of natural wave in it . I am not complaining , it is just odd . 
I love watching Top Gun . It reminds me of being a kid and watching it with my brother . Good times ! 
I am so grateful that I will be able to spend time with my family tomorrow , last year was rough being split up . I hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Do not forget to wear your spandex . 
Good day with the family . Shopping plans ruined by wet and cold weather . Oh , well ... I guess I will just have to sleep instead . 
Nevermind , shopping is back on ! Lol ! 
Anyone else out shopping ? 
There is about to be some beatdowns in Walmart , lol . I am just going to sit back and laugh . This is hilarious . 
I have slept all day ! Now I am going to start cleaning the carpets . Woo hoo ! Lots of fun happening here on a friday nite . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has been arrested again for weed . Remind me to never get in his car or tour bus , lol . 
You know your Walmart stinks when you have to drive to the next county to go shopping . 
Today I spent $30 at Walgreens and got $30 worth of stuff for free , all thanks to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > who taught me to shop using Walgreens Rapid/Jingle Rewards . 
This weeks chapter is on Pest Control . I am already squimish and I have not even started . I am going to have to put a piece of paper of the pictures of bugs in order to get through it . 
I do not know if I can do the research on this project . It is making me sick ! 
Thank God my neices cannot read yet . I had to write on their presents what was inside so I can keep track of it all . 
OMG ! Monday morning crisis ! The coffee maker has decided to quit making coffee ! 
My husband and I have celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary ! He got me a great , big Kitchenaid mixer . Some women would not like kitchen appliances as a gift , but I love it ! 
I have a new mixer and a wonderful husband who got it for me , lol . I am so happy that we got married , regardless of how crazy it seemed at the moment . And most importantly , I am even happier that we have beat the odds . ( Sorry , I am having a girl moment , lol . ) 
I am back at home today , my head is pounding . I do not know if it is stress , change of medication , or both . But either way , I am getting off here to rest and sleep . 
Please take a minute to change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec . 6th , there should be no human faces on facebook ... just childhood memories . This is part of the Campaign for Children's rights : Stop Violence Against Children . 
I love that my mother and my grandmothers taught me the true meaning of Christmas . It is not all about seeing who can get the biggest and best gifts . The best gift is to always give to others . My Gran used to make sure that each and every one of us grandchildren had a gift under the tree ( there is a whole bunch of us , more than I can count on my toes and fingers ) , even if it was very small . I miss her so much . 
Who opened the flood gates in the pediatric clinic ? 
Almost time to get off work ! And start my weekend . 
The end of the semester is getting close . I have all of my assignments turned in but one , and it is half way done . I still have some anxiety about my grade in one of my classes . But for now , I am going to just sit back and relax . I am not sure how to do that anymore , lol . 
Time for me to put on my < PROPFEMALE>'s helper costume and go pick up some stuff . 
Schools are really closing ? Maybe it is worse in the outer areas , but still it does not seem bad at all outside . 
First it was the countdown for the beginning of the semester . Then it was Halloween . Then it was Thanksgiving . Now , I am waiting on Christmas ! And we have 51 more days til we go on vacation !!! 
My belly is full ! < PROPMALE > made some great teriyaki meatballs and rice . Now it is time to start baking , with my new best friend , Maxie-my new mixer , lol . 
In the process of making a tye-dyed cake . It looks so cool . Tomorrow I get to decorate it , that is going to be even more fun . 
I am ready for bed , I am so exhausted . 
At work again , it seems that I should be paying Vanderbilt to allow me to come here and stay , instead of them paying me to come here . 
I had a wonderful time with my family tonite . I really love getting as many of us as possible in one room . Even when we all use our inside voices it is so loud , lol . Alot has changed , and alot is still the same . Thank you Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > for allowing us to do it at your house . It made me feel like Christmas is here . I cannot wait to see all of the pictures . 
I love seeing all the pictures from our family Christmas . 
I went to the grocery with all of my coupons in hand , my < PROPMALE > came to $225 . After my coupons and Kroger Plus card , my total was ( drumroll please ! ) $100.60 ! Granted I do have 10 boxes of cereal , but I am sure we can find a way to keep it from going bad . 
I think if schools get cancelled we should be allowed to stay home too . But I am sure Vanderbilt will send out a bus or something to round us up to go to work . 
Thanks to DJ , I am eating an awesome Crabby < PROPFEMALE > Melt ! 
Finals are done , semester is over ! Now , I just have to wait for the grades . 
It is in the 50's this morning ! Time to break out the shorts , lol . 
OMG ! I passed my Sociology class ! It may not be an A , but at this point I am willing to take whatever is passing . I am so happy and this just made my day so much better . 
I am having a problem relaxing , I have forgotten how to . I do not have anymore assignments to work on or cakes . I do not know how to just sit still and not try to plan every minute of my life . This is really hard . 
I am so sick of loud neighbors ! I have banged on the floor twice , and now they are arguing again . Do they not know , if you turn down the music you do not have to yell at each other . It is going to be a long night . 
Hopefully , I will have some peace and quiet for the night . 
I wish the semester grades were posted . It has me on pins and needles . 
I am at mom's with 3 little girls , < PROPFEMALE > , Nevaeh , and Rain . We are making birthday cakes for Jesus and cookies for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Great weekend ! Who knew that three and five year old's could be so much fun ? 
Alrighty guys ! A four day work week ahead for most of us . Lets get our game faces on and get it over with . ( And for the rest of you , I am sorry . ) 
I am making cake cookies for tomorrow . 
Yeah , Cards !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , you break into people's houses and eat their cookies ; don't judge me . 
The greatest gift you can give for Christmas is ... \ 
a kiss , a hug , forgiveness , a second < PROPMALE > , an apology , friendship , love\ 
... or all the above !! 
Today has taught me more in the last 6 hours , than I learned in the last 31 years . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I have had the most amazing Christmas . I will go to bed tonite full of warm and fuzzy happiness . It is not about all of the physical things I got today . My day is full of happiness because of all the memories , family , and friends that I have . 
It is 12:15 am . Once again , I am up because my neighbors want to act ignorant while I am trying to sleep . This is going to make for a great day to return to work ! I am so over apartment living . 
Maybe the neighbors will be quiet and allow me to sleep tonight . 
My day may be getting better . 
In 30 days , we will be on vacation !!! Cannot wait to be in the warm sun ! 
For a day off , I have < PROPFEMALE > n a busy little < PROPFEMALE > . But it still fells that I have not accomplished much at all . 
I have finally found a few houses that look like something we can afford and would be proud to call our home . Now , just getting the time to go and look at them . 
Despite all the rumors and stories , I have a wonderful husband . :-D I am so glad I tricked him into marrying me . 
It looks like once again Nashville and surrounding areas will be shut down due to snow tomorrow . Everyone go get your groceries and be prepared for the children to stay home . 
The commercials for the ASPCA are meant for people like me . Everytime I see them , I want to jump through the tv and hug the poor little puppies . 
Okay Nashvillians , this is your last < PROPMALE > to go out to pick up bread , milk , & eggs before the snow hits . 
If we all turn up our thermostats and open our doors and windows , will spring come early ? 
I am most definitely a person that grew up in the 80's . I love all of the movie remakes of the cartoons and tv shows I watched as a kid . We just finished watching the A-Team , and I loved it . 
The snow was fun and exciting , but now that is over . I am about to take my hairdryer and start melting this crap foot by foot . 
The first eleven days of the new year has been wonderful . I hope that God continues to send those blessings our direction , and everyone else's as well . 
It is time I start being selfish for a little while . 
Can the person that stole my < PROPFEMALE > godmother return her NOW ! I need her magic wand . Not for magic though , but to poke someone in the eye with it to make me feel better . 
If your child is sick , please do not bring them up to the check in desk to show me . Trust me , I believe you when you say they are sick , you do not have to prove it to me by getting me sick . They can sit in the comfortable chairs , at a safe distance from me , while I get their info from you . UGH !!! 
I have had a wonderful and relaxing afternoon shopping by myself and getting my hair done . Sometimes that is just what the doctor ordered . 
According to the new astrology signs , I am supposed to be an Aries . That is a load of crap , I am a Taurus all the way ! 
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge , aggression and retaliation . The foundation of such a method is love . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
Is having a party ! You are all invited ! We're going to do the laundry shuffle , dishwasher dash , the change the sheets relay , vacuum waltz & the mop meringue ! 
Doping up on Airborne and Zicam , to try to prevent any illnesses heading my way . Sickies be gone , I have plans and you are not part of them !!! 
I wish that people would sound out my last name , rather than constantly asking how to spell it without even thinking . It is not that hard . I am going to change it to < PROPMALE > when I am talking to dumb people , that will cure the problem . 
Hi ho , hi ho , off to school I go ... 
Dear Mother nature ... Get back on your meds , pop open a bottle of wine , and start thinking warm , happy thoughts ! 
It has taken 20 minutes to go a half mile ! 
The children are going to be in school all summer at this rate . 
Finding a place to live that I would be proud to call home in a descent price range , has been one of the more aggravating problems I have had in a long time . Everyone wants to charge an outrageous amount for rent , but does not want to provide what should come with that outrageous amount for rent . 
Finally , I have found some really good options for a new home . I feel like I am on an episode of For Rent on HGTV , minus a realtor and camera crews to guide and walk beside me . One more place to look at , then it is decision making time . 
Finally we have found a place that we like , would be proud to call home , and is cost effective . Cannot wait to move and get away from all of these neighbors that are above , beside , and below us ! 
Beer 
I will be damned ! I did the wrong homework . The right chapter , but the wrong sections of us . 
This has most definitely been full of new experiences already . 
Watching the sunrise over Miami . I really do not want to leave this warm and < PROPFEMALE > weather . I wish I could bottle it up and bring it home . 
OMG ! It is freezing ! 
Yep , the coffee here taste like crap , just like I thought . I want an endless supply of Blue Mountain coffee . But I will have to move to Jamaica to get that . 
Back to reality , I must do something constructive now . I have slacked off enough this week . But I did do some homework while on vacation , doesn't that count for something ? 
I am getting sick ! I managed to avoid getting sick for 3 weeks now , and it finally got me . Hack hack , sniffle sniffle , sneeze sneeze , repeat . 
Box of Puff with lotion-check , Dayquil-check , menthol nose spray-check , orange juice-check , cough drops-check-Now the question is ' If I drink a shot of Capt < PROPFIRST > with it , will it make all of this work better and faster ? ' 
Fergie just ruined ' Sweet Child o ' Mine ' Thanks ! 
Okay , I am not feeling too hot again , Dayquil has worn off . I am getting off here and taking Nyquil . 
I love the Volkswagen Beetle commercial . 
I hope I am finally over this crap today . I can finally hold up my head and not feel like I will pass out . I may not get sick very often , but when I do it is really bad . 
The silver lining in my cloud of sickness is that I lost 10 lbs . I will take the weight loss anyway I can get it . 
Enjoying watching the poor idiot in front of me . At least I am entertained while sitting in traffic . 
Just heard that you can go to White Castle and get married on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Oh how romantic ! 
Earlier I saw a car intentionally zig zagging on the ice , like it was running from a snow gator . 
I hate when I am stereotyped , but love when I can prove them wrong ! 
Angel Leatherhorn 
Algebra homework done !!! Whoever was the person that thought it was a good idea to put letters in math should be taken out back and beaten , stoned , < PROPMALE > on a pole by a very painful body part , and left for the vulchers to eat in the hot and steamy desert . And then taken down to do it all over again the next day . 
Not happy with all of the Grammy winners . Some of them just stunk , especially album of the year . 
Facebook should be on a date with MySpace , making little Twitter babies . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Above all else , don't forget to smile . It either warms there hearts or pisses them off . You win either way . 
When you set your mind to do something , it is amazing how all the pieces can fall into place when backed by your efforts . 
Oh yes , I am becoming more like my mother everyday , lol . 
In the process of moving . This is my last nite in my old apt , and they cut the cable off before I get to bed . 
Officially in our new house ! 
For the first time in a long time , I slept like a baby . I even overslept , lol . Thank God for our new mattress and quiet home . 
Yep , I still do not like Algebra . 
New nickname for my husband , Crabby McRumplestein . 
Your past is a part of who you are , but it does not define who you will be . Take your experiences , learn from your mistakes , and seize your life to be great . 
I have the best husband , he drove me to work so that I would not have to walk in the rain . 
Thank you little brother and sister , you 2 have taught me how to debate my point with the best of them . And for that , my paper was raised 5 points ! 
Does not feel like doing anymore work today . 
Okay , I am trying to expand my horizons in all areas . I am writing my comparison and contrast paper on the Light Side vs The Dark Side of the Force . God help me , I am going to need it . And thank you for a website called Wookiepedia.com 
F . A . M . I . L . Y > ( F)orgive you . ( A)ccept you . ( M)ake you crazy because they can . ( I)nspire you . ( L)ove you unconditionally . ( Y)ell at you because they care . \ 
Repost if you agree .!!!!! 
Paper is almost done thanks to DJ , < PROPFIRST > , my dad , and my husband ! Just need a paragraph to tie it all together . I think I am going to have to do some math and come back to that one . And yes , I have learned quiet a bit . 
I just finished the movie Paranormal Activity 2 . I have just about crapped my pants and now I am overanalyzing every sound I hear . I may not get much sleep tonite thanks to my overactive imagination . I guess that is a sign of a good movie . 
Most people work a J.O.B ( Just Over Broke ) , All of them want an M.B.A. ( Massive Bank Account ) They are clueless on how to create wealth and be R.I.C.H ( Residual Income Creates Happiness ) Continuously surrounding themselves with H.A.T.E.R.S ( Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success ) and then wonder why they are P.O.O.R ( Passing Over Opportunities Repeatedly ) ... saw this & had to repost ! :) 
Wizard of Oz : You , my friend , are a victim of disorganized thinking . You are under the unfortunate impression that just because you run away you have no courage ; you're confusing courage with wisdom . 
Wizard of Oz : Why , anybody can have a brain . That's a very mediocre commodity . Every pusillanimous creature that crawls on the Earth , slinks through slimy seas has a brain . Back where I come from , we have universities , seats of great learning , where men go to become great thinkers , & when they come out , they think deep thoughts & with no more brains than you have . But they have one thing you haven't got : a diploma 
I just saw a commercial and it is offering $2 bills for $10 , bc they have to pay shipping & handling . Isn't it wrong to have to pay that , when a 2 stamps cost less than a dollar ? 
Guess what ! Guess what ! Only 17 more days til spring ! 
My evil plan to take over the world is working , lol . I just have to work out a few kinks . 
I am ready to go back to the house and do nothing for a few hours . At least that is the plan . 
Has so much to say ! But if I did it could stir up so much controversy and I would be in the right but on the loosing team . So , I am not going to battle the idiots . Life will catch up with them soon enough . Unfortunately , it will not be soon enough for my liking . 
My dad is starting to look like < PROPMALE > Rogers since he retired . 
SIBLING WAR ! Post this is as your status if you're the best and the smartest of your siblings . If it stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting , it's true !!! 
If I make it 89 yrs old , I hope I am as happy and healthy as < PROPFEMALE > White . 
Jackass 3 is hilarious . I would almost pay them to let me work at the Dickhouse Production office . 
I did not know that pigeon racing is real . I cannot believe what I am seeing . It seems really ridiculous . 
I love sitting at the auction watching these people get into bidding wars . 
It is amazing how God can give you the answers you are seeking , especially when you do not even know that you are seeking them . 
What did I learn today in school ? I learned about the embalming process in my English class . If I did not already want to be cremated before , I most certainly do now . 
Is as worn out as a mood ring on someone with bipolar disorder . 
I have been verbally assaulted by my co-worker ! I cannot take this abuse anymore . LMAO ! 
Happy Wednesday ! 
The difference between school and life : In school you're taught a lesson then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . 
Thinking I may plan a trip to go to Thunder over Louisville this year !?! I am still contemplating it . 
I love the weekend mornings . Especially when my husband brings me oatmeal from McDonalds . 
I guess I will not be going to Thunder over Louisville , something about responsibilities and having to work . :-( 
I need some ideas thrown at me . I have to write an argumentative paper and it has to be controversial . So , throw some ideas my way , please . 
:-P 
