I think I'm done with my photo fiesta . 

Woke up late again ... second week in a row . I need a new alarm clock . 
I've never needed to breathe so badly and it's never been quite this hard . 
I'm thinking loss of appetite does something to your brain and makes you lose even more appetite repeating the cycle ... 
just spent the past three hours detailing her car , to include waxing the entire thing . 
tap jam tomorrow ! 
had a close call with a spider last night . 
So this is where it ends up ? Thanks for the time I was given , even though it was cut short . 
You cried wolf , the tears they soaked your fur , the blood dripped from your fangs , you said what have I done ? 
to sleep . 
This could be good . 
just won the longest monopoly game ever . 
hating being ignored right now . i guess it's just time to give up . 
mmm ... < PROPMALE > gray : ) 
going to college and giving away my pet snakes . who wants one ? 
Just got home from seeing < PROPMALE > Potter ! Too many dirty jokes ... But overall it was good . : ) 
My life is more serious than any seventeen year old's life should ever be . I just want to have fun . : ) 
If < PROPMALE > gray were a drug , I would have overdosed five cups ago . 
I suck at life ... or at least at playing piano . 
Is it sad that I am still awake ? 
\Babe I know it's your soul but could you bottle it up ? \"" 
\Make music with the chatter in here and whisper all the notes in my ear . \"" 
\I know what you're thinking but darling you're not thinking straight . \"" 
just learned how to play \minuet\ " on the keyboard that used to sit under my bed gathering dust . " 
lost eight pounds in two weeks . That's an amazing feat , considering I wasn't trying . 
grrr ... NMT changed the time of my physics class , and now I have to rework my entire schedule . As if my schedule wasn't stressful enough . 
went shopping today :) got rid of all of my old clothes and bought some new amazing ones . 
replaced the screw in her tap shoe . :) hopefully it doesn't come off again . 
Too many options . I think I'll just take the easy route and stay single forever . :) 
\I'd probably still adore you with your hands around my neck ... or I did last time I checked . \"" 
\Have you been drinking son ? You don't look old enough ... to me . \"" 
Does anyone have a cardboard box I can borrow ? Mine seems to have broken and now I have nowhere left to stuff my emotions away . 
Had THE most amazing day . Church , Hiking , Dions , Bubble Bath , Tea , and a book . :) 
another superb day :) went to the zoo with < PROPFIRST > and then ate at sweet tomatoes ... 
messed up . 
\Sometimes what you're after's not your fault . Cuz happy ever after's what you're taught . \"" 
Ugh ... family drama . Can this just be over now ? Please ? 
Just finished watching THE most beautiful meteor shower . :) When I look at the stars I can almost feel the earth moving . 
\And did you see the way she appeared ? She's the type that knows everyone here . \"" 
Why am I awake ? ugh ... SLEEP . 
... moving on in life . good plan . 
amazing memorial tonight . he would have loved it . <3 < PROPMALE > . forever remembered . 
Come see The Picture of < PROPFIRST > Gray this weekend . message me if you're interested . It's an amazing show I promise . :) 
Guess who's legal ? :] just kidding . 
Off to NMT ! :) 
Swimming in fountains . :] It's wonderful really . 
is doing a great job of not putting things off till the last second . I am very proud of myself for this one . It almost never happens . 
Done with classes for the day and super excited for the black light party tonight :) 
Yay for amazing college weekends . : ] 
\When you sing the stars fill up my eyes . Galaxies pour down my cheeks . \"" 
Oh the joy of not doing homework all weekend and then being forced to take it all on today . :) wonderful . 
The snack that smiles back :) 
expirement time ! pepto bismol ice cream ? 
Weekend Time ! All finished with classes for the week . :) 
I am 999% British and 1% Pocahontas ! 
\It is utterly beyond our power to measure things in time . \"" 
\You just suddenly created an emergency ! \"" 
sleepig in a < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) and a giant room all to myself ! 
midnight run time . 
near 2 < PROPMALE > later ... that felt amazing . :) 
Oh my ... calc II test tomorrow morning . 
feeling super productive . I just finished half a weekend's worth of homework in two ad a half hours . Now for the second half . 
so ready for snowboarding . can it snow now ? 
Out of quarentine ! And back in a room with internet . 
I've never been so happy to see the sun . 
Ah ... procrastination ... we meet again . 
TEN :) 
loves punching jerks in the face . I hope he wakes up this morning and thinks of me when he sees that bruise . 
\luck loves me not tonight \"" 
I love the depressing wind-blown sort . Continue . 
is it daylight savings ? 
yuck ... physics lab in thirty minutes . 
\I open bloodshot eyes into flourescent whites \"" 
\The moisture in the air is begging for release and the memory of your stare is raining down on me . \"" 
:] 
Oh facebook ... why do you distract me so ? 
\I watched my neighbor's son play with his shotgun in the street ... think I'll blaze all day and < PROPFEMALE > at the mass of food I eat . \"" 
\And all the stars were crashing round as I laid eyes on what I'd found . \"" 
clearly I'm feeling particularly musical . 
\If I'm the sum of all my friends then all my friends are some of me ; and if you're someway just like them then I am you to some degree . \"" 
finding company with a black widow spider . 
Oh no ... physics ... and I thought I aced it ... :( 
drinking milk from the carton :) 
\The streets are dark -- my pulse is flat-lined as I'm running to you \"" 
\no ... I'll watch it with you tomorrow . shark week is all week long ! \"" 
I really need to think about getting dressed for the day ... slept until three thirty , took my first shower in two days , and wasted time on facebook ... this is so lazy ... 
\The paper said a bullet got in your way . \"" 
\When it comes to acting up babe I'm sure I could write the book . \"" 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! ~ this is actually pretty cool . 
hmmmm 
\Does it give you strength or lead you to your grave through your own hands ? \ " I'm thinking strength ... :] " 
:] \Just hold me close dear . \"" 
mmmm ... california pizza kitchen , I've missed you so . 
\Que je n'trouve plus de sens a ce jeu excitant \"" 
\I'm happy just because . I found out I am really no one . \"" 
board time ? I see snow ... 
elegance . my new favorite word . add it to the list of monopolize , copius , and skewed . 
\Not even hell could be hotter than you right now . \"" 
Tattoo today :) 
mmmmm pumpkin pie :] 
My tattoo is peeling . yucky . 
< PROPFIRST > ... I miss your background music when < PROPMALE > and I are together . I'll give you a nickle :) 
Fantasy #1 : to become a stunt driver for a television series 
Fantasy #2 : Getting a B- in my physics class ... it's looking more like a C :( 
Fantasy #3 : Being lipophobic 
Fantasy #4 : next fall ... Tech will say \screw you\ " to winter break so I won't have to come home ... I can just stay there and stay busy forever . :) " 
Fantasy #5 : Dying a lemon-y death . Too much citrus does kill you know ... 
Fantasy #6 : Catch'em all on Pokemon Yellow . 
Fantasy #7 : Marry a rockstar ... specifically < PROPFIRST > Lazzara :) 
\Hold me close and hold me fast\ " :] " 
:) Guess who passed every class her first semester of college ? Oh yes ... 2.99 ... I suppose it could have been better , but given the circumstances . :))) 
The sky is a wonderful shade of dark gray ... I'm calling snow . :] 
grrrr ... I want to be back at school . WHY am I stuck here ? 
barf 
\Yes it's true . I romanticize every single thing I do ... especially when it comes to you . \"" 
\Nursed the shoreline like a wound \"" 
\Hanging by a moment here with you . \ " ... or at least your picture . " 
making iced tea ... or trying to . I don't have the means so I'm inventing new ones . :) 
\This is our decision to live fast and die young \"" 
\Content like a panda bear still breathing the fresh mountain air \"" 
Caitlin ~ A girl often so amazing that no boy will ever deserve her . She is often red-headed and dancing in the halls , in addition to being beautiful inside and out ... I like the red-head dancing part . :) 
< PROPMALE > has mono and I don't ... : ( I miss me kentas . 
gah ... schoolwork ! 
mono is kicking my butt . and I'm currently eating cereal with a fork because I am too lazy to wash all the dirty spoons I have lying around . 
“If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist , it's another nonconformist who doesn't conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity . ” 
Yay for short chemistry labs . I only spent an hour in lab this morning ... FANTASTICO !!! 
Lately I've been doing this thing where I procrastinate certain homework assignments by doing other homework assignments . It's a very good method of procrastination except that now all my physics homework is done so I have to do chemistry ... YUCK . 
sooooooo tired . long weekend . climbing in the cold , < PROPFEMALE > , snowy mountains , physics homework that basically killed my brain , and climbing once more but this time in the super hot , annoying sun . 
is running for a senator position in The Student Association . Come vote for me on April 22 . :) 
Dear High School Friends , Sorry I've let this new and better college life distract me from texting you back . I guess I just like the people here more . 
as of yesterday I am all done with finals . :) and I'm really wishing my chem grade would be posted already . 
fin ! now what to do with my lonely summer ... no < PROPMALE > ... no work ... entirely too much thinking time ... 
thinks it's time to unpack ... tomorrow . 
is trying to decide if watching a few friends walk across a stage is worth the visit to white trash central . 
it's nice being happy :) 
I guess my desicion has been made ... I'm going to graduation tomorrow . 
spa tomorrow :) 
sunburnt . 
seven down , thirteen to go . :) 
I've watched the entire office series twice since summer started . I REALLY need to find something better to do with my time . 
Realization : I'm not very pretty , skinny , or intelligent ... but I'm still better than the vast majority of the population . People are extremely intolerable and I'm not in a tolerating mood today . 
two weeks :) 
is listening to the \Where the Wild Thigs Are\ " soundtrack . Awful movie but great music . it makes me want to dance . I <3 < PROPFEMALE > O . " 
\You the fuel and me to fool for not noticing . \"" 
Story Time : Once upoin a time , I was at the airport and the guy next to me in line at Starbucks wanted to pay for my coffee . I said \no thanks\ " and he said \ " I insist\ " so I said \ " ummm no\ " and he gave the cashier money . The End . " 
My mom is all done with the marathon . It took her about five hours and fourty five minutes . :) 
\So tell me when you hear my heart stop . You're the only one that knows . \"" 
mmmmm ... california rolls and the office 
cleaning my room . who knew I left behind so much useless stuff when I went to college . 
\That's the funniest thing you've said in two weeks ! \"" 
\Crushed and filled with all I found \"" 
is realizing how difficult it can be to find the lyrics to songs by obscure artists . Maybe I should go more mainstream ... I can < PROPFEMALE > out with my five best friends while we decorate each other's poker face and in the morning I'l brush my teeth with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > ... no . nevermind . 
I'm getting rid of near everything I own . I have so many useless material items ... does anybody want an original xbox or acoustic guitar ? I guess I'm thinking my stuff should be easily transportable . I hate dragging things to and from college . 
yay . shopping ... and make up ... AND iced soy < PROPFEMALE > macciato . yummy life this one ... :) 
just saw a childrens book selling for $ 1,200 . Who would ever spend that much on something that is just going to be chewed on by a child ?!? 
What a surreal day it was . I'm off to take the sleeping pills . 
I watched a documentary on stupidity last night . It successfully made me feel even more superior than the general population . 
And I successfully booked a job . Guess who is gonna be $200 richer next week ? < PROPMALE > Trench .. here I come . 
has to wake up at 3:00 am to be fifteen minutes early to a 5:00 am call time in Rio Rancho . :) Oh ... and I'm going with the geek look . 
just got home from work . I made $112 and spent the majority of the day three feet from sexy Russian < PROPFEMALE > Trek boy and McLovin . Oh , and LUCKY me , I made it into the classroom scene and am in the center of the front row , directly in front of sexy Russian < PROPFEMALE > Trek boy . :) 
Exhausted !!! Today was so tiring . Not as long as yesterday but way more camera time and work . The classroom scene is now finished :) AND I saw < PROPMALE > Farrell randomly on set today . Random because he doesn't appear in any scenes at the high school . 
Finished ! I just got home from set . Hot day and we spent ALL of it filming outside , but it was definitely worth it . I made $300 this week . :) 
Booked again . I'm rollin in the big bucks . :) 
Being confident feels great ... If anyone didn't already know that . :) 
getting the side of my tattoo recolored today :) 
$700+ week :) rolling , background , action ! 
has extremely useless stumps of feet . Thanks you wardrobe for giving me thin soled flats to jump around in all day . Thanks for the \clothes\ " too ... I really enjoyed flashing everyone :) " 
spent all day yesterday moshing to < PROPFEMALE > music in front of a camera . Now its time to walk around like an extremely nerdy high school student ... in the sun . :) 
7:00 am call time ? and I am like the only person I know :( ... BUT maybe its a classroom scene . 
\You're my teacup passing by Dr Dead \"" 
is so excited to pack for school tomorrow . :) 
is STILL exhausted from this past week of work . Forcing myself to pack for school today because I have a busy busy Monday and Tuesday coming up . 
WORD ! 
waking up at 3:30 tomorrow morning . :) 
AWAKE ! 
Finally home . 
Bored on set . And later I have to drive home in the rain . Lame . 
is awake early and ready for classes to start :) 
is already dealing with homework . One Calculus assignment , one ODEs assignment , one chapter summary to write for Physics and a lab tonight . 
cant even write a coin toss program and is sooooo going to fail Computational Mechanics . 
Block party tonight :) 
Classes from ten till four tomorrow . Straight . Should be fun ... right ? 
Ridiculous amount of schoolwork going down today . I have Calc III homework to finish , I have to write a chapter summary for Physics , figure out this MATLAB thing via useful tutorials , use that information to finish my Computational Mechanics homework , and hopefully start on my ODEs homework . On top of that , I'm driving to Albuquerque for a doctors appt and there is a SA meeting tonight . FUN ! 
has been going all day . From six to ten and is now ready for bed . 
is done with the week !!!! 
waiting for my clothes to be unlocked from the broken washer :( 
Quiz tomorrow in ODEs ... time to study ! 
Yikes ! I think this semester might kill me . 
chose a bad day to wear a white shirt . 
choreographed my Bordello solo :) 
HYPERACTIVE . I seriously need something to do that doesn't involve < PROPFIRST > . 
I fell off my bike today and took a chunk out of my foot :( 
The gorilla nest has officially broken . 
I got my Ordinary Differentials test back today ... I passed :/ 
I despise this class . Someone kill me please . 
bleh ... The day is finally over . 
is feeling super productive today and might even get a decent start on her research paper . Thats right folks , an entire month before it is actually due . 
Two flappers on one hand in one day ? That is WAY too much for me . 
Yay . I got a bright blue rock . Thank you miss < PROPFEMALE > Carreon ! 
just ' cleaned ' her facebook friends . I went from 206 to 118 :) 
49ers week ! 
Yay ... All my midterm grades are acceptable . 
is absolutely terrible at motivating herself to study . I'm gonna have an early night tonight so I can wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > and study tomorrow . :) 
Gah ... I think I may have just gotten a D on my ODEs test . :( 
really doesn't want to write her research paper . 
may or may not have just taken the series solutions of ODEs quiz of death . She'll let you know when she gets the grade back . 
hopeless 
my professor didn't show up to class ! yay for free time . 
This week went by so fast . 
Something was wrong with my partial fractions . It was possible to solve , but not in fifteen minutes ... 
Toga Party tomorrow night . I better see all you Kappa Sigmas and < PROPFEMALE > Sigma Kappas there ! 
So much for plans . 
got back two absolutely horrible tests today . They were both curved but unfortunately it didn't help much . Isn't it so disappointing when you study super hard and then fail miserably ? 
I just dropped my ice cream cone in the dirt , but I think I'm still going to eat it . 
I was writing my research paper and I needed information on < PROPFIRST > Sandage . When I looked him up , I found out he died last night . Freaky coincidence ! 
I just wasted valuable homework time taking pictures of myself with my webcam and now I'm going to put them online for all of you to enjoy . 
My research paper is finally DONE !!! 9.5 pages of pure genius . 
My ODEs professor just taught us sec 7.1 through sec 7.6 ... in one class . WTF ?!? 
Hello dead week . Nice to meet you . 
magically got a 93% on her Calc III test . 
is thinking it's an all-night-physics-fun-fest tonight . 
I definitely just aced my physics final . 
had the worst day today . ( see below ) 
Time flies when you're playing an RPG ...? I don't know what happened to the last six hours . 
Got a 3.30 GPA this semester . :) 
is too excited for the future to sit around waiting now . 
Too many chocolate chip pancakes :( 
might kill herself next semester . < PROPFIRST>'s Class ( Part dos ) , matching lab and recitation , Vibrations and Waves , matching lab , Formal Logic and Discrete Math , Vector Analysis , Intro to Applied Linear Algebra , and the matching lab . Opinions ? 
Chocolate chip pancake time ! It's probably the only thing I truly enjoy about being home . 
It's snowing :| . . . Now I'm going to be stuck in this boring house for the next two days . 
To me , cereal is just crunchy milk . 
can't sleep . 
I think that drinking too much Perrier makes my uvula swell . I'm getting a sore throat again . 
There is a surprisingly small amount of lead underwear for sale . Looks like I'm not going through an airport anytime soon . 
is eating a pickle and cheese sandwich for dinner . 
I almost forgot to put on real shoes before going to work . I got in the car and closed the door before realizing that I was wearing slippers . 
300 business cards = 450 mL --> 1 business card = 1.5 mL --> 2525.25 mL box full of business cards = 1684 business cards --> putting all the information on every single one into microsoft outlook = my job for the past three and a half weeks 
Job interview tomorrow ! Wish me luck , world . 
As I was wasting time , scrolling through my professors ' pages for next semester , I found out that I have an assignment due on the first day of class . Imagine that . I guess I'll be one of three people turning it in . 
got the job :) 
is done with classes for the day :) 
I had a fun conversation with < PROPMALE > yesterday . It went like this . \ 
Me : He said I handle the \big picture\ " things . \ 
Why in the world does my textbook denote kinetic energy as T , potential energy as V , and displacement as ' psi' ? Something isn't right here and it's making vibrations an even more foreign subject to me . 
I think I may have a serious drinking problem ... too much caffeine is never good for anyone . 
Busy , busy day today . And I still have a lab tonight plus homework :) It's wonderful . 
My break from working on vector analysis homework is working on vibrations and waves homework . Its a little sad . 
I'm starting to get back all of my first week's homework and everything has been an A thus far . I'm thinking this is a good sign for the semester . Also , Come to ASK Movie Night at the Pool ( now till 10 ) . 
last minute lab report time . 
This is the worst . I actually have things to do ! Why is everything closing down ? Stupid snow . 
Third day in a row ? This is the worst ever ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day Dance in the SAC , right now . It goes till 12 so please stop by !!! 
Well that was a little sad . I'm glad we didn't spend much money on it . 
I just found out Hanson is going to be at the NACA convention next week . :) I think I'm in love . 
is kickin ' it in St. < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
is having an amazing time in St < PROPFIRST > . I saw BJ Novac , < PROPMALE > Cannon , < PROPMALE > Pigg , and < PROPMALE > Matthews . All in one night !!! Amazing . 
Had a fun night out on the town yesterday . I met Ralphie May and Ant . On top of that , Hanson in performing tonight and it is going to be amazing ( for me anyways ) . 
I just personally thanked < PROPFIRST > Tworkowski , founder of TWLOHA , for the inspiration that his website struck in my heart . This is the best week ever . 
Crash Boom Bang and < PROPFIRST > Ahdoot are booked ! 
eek ! I saw Hanson today . I was going to marry all them as a child . I had no idea polygamy was illegal . :) 
Barely Blind is booked , and later today we are going to finish booking < PROPFEMALE > Colonna . I'm having fun playing Hollywood professional on this trip . :) 
Yay ! We have sooooo many amazing deals coming for you Techies . Be prepared for two semesters of AWESOME ! 
met the cast of \The Buried Life\ " today . P.S. One of them has bright pink hair so get ready for that episode ! " 
I just opened up my luggage to unpack . TSA ripped my bag apart and totally screwed up my folded clothes . GRRRRRRRR . 
really doesn't want to write this Waves and Vibes lab report . 
is spending some $$ . It isn't mine though so no worries . :) 
I would just like to say , as cocky as it sounds , I am an amazing person . Given all that I have survived through and given what I am doing with my life today , I am such a strong woman . I'm incredibly intelligent , beautiful , and kind . I am not fake , I am me . I am so happy that I have reached a point in my life where I can recognize this and finally have some self esteem . That is all . 
just saw a WHOLE bunch of duck face photos on one of her friends profiles . LMAO :) 
is getting ready to head to the Hard Rock Casino for the Rock the Ink Tattoo Convention 
just got another tattoo . Pictures will be coming soon . 
I just spilled water on my desk . It hit EVERYTHING ! My labtop , my cell phone , my gameboy , my computer speakers ... everything . Then , when I was blowdrying the inside of my labtop to make sure it didn't die , the water dripped off my desk and onto my surge protector . Good thing I have a spare , because that thing is wrecked . So far my computer is working . I hope it stays that way . 
Who have I not asked for sponsorship during Spring Fling ? Ideas ? 
STILL no hot water . Come on Tech . Pull your head out of your ass cuz I need a shower . 
STILL ? REALLY ? This is insane . I NEED running water . 
Think Geek is going to sponsor Spring Fling . They are sending a ton of merchandise for us to give away . 
Okay ... I just took the coldest shower of my LIFE . And the water on campus smells like Chamomile . I think something is very wrong . 
The whole drive home , I thought about my new life goals . Here they are . 1 ) Get my doctorate in Astrophysics . 2 ) Be the first woman on Mars . 3 ) Become a stunt car driver . 4 ) Die in < PROPFIRST > . 
My alarm clock was set , but it didn't go off . I just woke up . :( 
Metal Fest today , right now until 8pm . Its free for students and we have tons of free Mountain Dew for everyone . Bring your friends ! 
This paper on Feynman is kicking my butt . I think it's mostly because I have a 3DS sitting next to me on my desk though . 
Who wants to teach me the past two chapters of vibrations and waves before my test next week ? < PROPFIRST > Peterson and < PROPMALE > Quintana , I'm talking to you two . 
Hello everyone . The movie night has been moved to Workman 101 due to weather . We are still showing Tron : Legacy and we have free popcorn and drinks . We're also raffling off the movie and some other goodies so I hope you all come . 
The Cap was awesome tonight ( last night ? ) . To all of you that didn't go ... SUCKERS ! :) Also ... Please go to comedy night tomorrow ( tonight ? ) . I'm giving away tons of free stuff ! 
Woah ! Jello Wrestling was AMAZING . The most successful event I've ever seen at this school . 
I think I may be suffering from PTSD . That cockroach really did a number on me . 
