Haha ... i'm too impatient for facebook . i don't like waiting for pictures to upload :P 

making my elbow swell up , getting mat burn on my butt , ripping skin off my hands ... that's what I call a fun night ! 
thinks that people who steal money from other peoples bank account via theft of a debit card number suck and should go die in a hole 
making a poster . cleaning . getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > to come from < PROPFEMALE > . getting ready for the concert tomorrow . uploading pictures . then other random stuff 
It is quite sad when you leave a < PROPMALE > Brothers concert singing another band's songs . :P 
Life lesson : bus stops in downtown Minneapolis are scary , especially at night 
\Where are you now ? ' Cause I'm thinking of you . You showed me how to live like I do . If it wasn't for you I'd never be who I am . \"" 
just saw hangover . super funny movie ! 
\Where would we be if we couldn't dream ? \"" 
got an env touch earlier today !! text :) 
is going to valleyfair with < PROPFEMALE > and cate plus the frenchies ! :) 
its just one of those days where everything goes wrong . 
can't wait until I'm 17 ... 
demi lovato was amazing !! 
finally bought a macbook pro :) 
There is nothing better than waking up in the morning , looking outside and discovering that you have been TP'd . Thanks to whoever decided to make my day :) 
is now happyyyyy !!!! 
is in a super fantastic mood thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
you'd never guess who I talked to on the phone yesterday :) 
ughh ... homework 
finally the weekend . then its monday ... 
crossing my fingers ! 
made nhs ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Grove Gymnastics Team is awesome !! Everyone outscored 4 of the 5 Roseville girls on floor !!!! 
so my 80 year old great grandma has a facebook ? 
so saadddd ..... can't go to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > concert . :((( park center meet tonight . 
“Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it . ” 
spark notes !! 
I absolutely hate doctorss .. 
going to state with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :)) 
Chicagooo for the weekend ! 
not the best way to end season ... but i guess i gave it my all and what happened happened . :/ 
“Pain is temporary . It may last a minute , or an hour , or a day , or a year , but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place . If I quit , however , it lasts forever . ” 
so while I was working , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > from the Timberwolves was there watching Brooklyn's Finest . don't worry , I'm not a creeper ... 
life with a broken back = glorious !! 
hates doctors and thinks they need to go away !! no more gymnastics for me for a minimum of six weeks :(( AND i still have to wear that stupid back brace . not cool 
Dear AP Psych Test and AP English Test , \ 
Be prepared to be BSed ... 
How many HP chem students does it take to screw in a lightbulb ?? 
farewell back brace :) 
oops ! it looks like my confirmation dress is slightly indecent ... 
the diagnosis : arthritis in my lower back . \ 
the prognosis : not good . :( definitely no college gymnastics and maybe no gymnastics this year :(( 
finally sporting a tan ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > + ferris wheel = nervous breakdown ! 
completely sick and tired of school and lab reports ! maybe once i graduate i'll go to vegas and be a showgirl , so i don't have to put up with homework anymore ... 
procrastination .......................... is screwing me over . 
oh , the joys of arthritis ... 
so fireman come to the school to put out a fire and end up making it worse ...? 
i love homework ! 
physics and calculus and government , oh my ! 
i <3 gymnastics pain ... 
group projects mean that we work together as a GROUP ... not slacking off and causing your group members to have unnecessary stress about their grades ! gahhh ! 
crotched the beam for the first time in like three years ... sweet . haha 
broken ankles suck way more than broken arms ! ughh 
I went to lifetime for a much needed workout . Then , I came home and ate a cookie . Life is good :) 
I'm ready to give up and just become a hobo ... 
first meet competing all-around since breaking my ankle :) let's go mggt !! <3 
school dances are overrated . 
officially enrolled at Gustavus :) although , I'm not looking forward to its smell of cows . 
eeep ! Sections tomorrow ... good luck MGgt !! <3 
accepted to UW < PROPFEMALE > :) 
ehhh ... nervous for state already :/ 
you know you have enough hairspray when you take your ponytail out ... and your hair does not move . haha 
goodbye AMC ! :) 
i'm pretty sure it should be considered a snow day when it takes me half an hour to get out of the school parking lot ... 
normally , I'd be going thorough a midlife crisis today being that it is my half birthday and I'm getting really old , but gymnastics starts tonight so I'm happy :) 
