A&P = Satan . yup its true . 

Ich shlaft . Bis gleich . 
du bist was du isst und ihr wisst was es ist . 
ist krank . :( 
ran 2 , yes 2 < PROPMALE > today . incredible yes i know . 
10 mile bike ride + p90x = ouchers . 
I is the cableman . or satellite tv man . whatever . I fixed the stinking tv ! Now someone better give me a cookie ! 
is ready for school , late night cookouts , and way too much halo . 
just say NO to Class . 
has 37 zombie survival plans . 36 involve using you as bait , and the 37th i deliberately infect myself and eat your tasty brains !!! 
learned how to field strip an M9 , M16 , and a SAW today . suck it byaah ! 
is exploring the possibilites of christian metalcore . 
is rockin out to KSE 
should be studying . 
writing papers gives me a headache . 
I <3 Pandora 
jumped out of a moving vehicle . 
is setting an ambush for < PROPFEMALE > claus ! 
is COLD !!! 
is totally stressing right now . So much for my mental health day ... 
has anyone noticed the latest KSE album has Christian overtones ... just listen to \A Light in a Darkened World \"" 
is befuzzled and bebothered . I'm not sure if those are actual words ... but whatever . 
needs a job . 
doesn't believe in < PROPFEMALE > tales . 
had a great day at the range . grilled some yummy steaks . and now its time for the A-Team ! :) 
I just thought of something funny .... your mother . -Cheech < PROPFEMALE > 
has decided that i'm getting a motorcycle after i graduate . 
ran 5K today . yes be amazed . i know i was . 
yesterday i ate an octopus , and visited a hindu < PROPFEMALE > . what can i do today ..... 
today I learned Arabesque by Burgmueller , and attempted to play the REAL version of Fur < PROPFEMALE > ( not the little ringtone everyone has that little children play after < PROPFIRST > had a little lamb ) . Then being the nerd , I sat down and listened to Beethoven's Symphonies Number 5 & 7 . If you haven't heard them , shame . If you don't know who Beethoven is , hand in your man card . 
Sah ein Mädchen ein Röslein stehen Blühte dort in lichten Höhen Sprach sie ihren Liebsten anob er es ihr steigen kann\ 
Sie will es und so ist es feinSo war es und so wird es immer sein Sie will es und so ist es Brauch Was sie will bekommt sie auch 
great pan is dead . 
rediscovered tomb raider . :) 
du hast mich . 
got a new epic phone today ! 
Ohne dich kann ich nicht sein . Mit dir bin auch allein . 
had a great road trip today with < PROPFEMALE > Smith ! Fun stuff . :D 
et ecce equus pallidus et qui sedebat desuper nomen illi Mors et inferus sequebatur eum revelations 6:8 
just got raped by a bunch of newborn babies . 
played the guitar till it caught on fire . 
is the banana < PROPMALE > ! 
was super excited to play bass for the band A Beautiful Betrayal this weekend . Everyone should come see our Oct . 30 show !!!! 
so it must be official because its on facebook , i'm the new bass player for A Beautiful Betrayal ! yeeey ! neways , new HOUSE episodes = also yeeeey ! :D 
so umm .... yeah . insert random status update . 
is having < PROPMALE > band withdrawals ! I need more metal !!! :( 
meh . 
Concert is tomorrow ! I'm excited and more than a little scared ! :D 
superman has kryptonite , but i have chocolate chip cookies .... 
we had a good show tonight ! take it graffitis ! :) 
