I accomplished my goal for July now its time to double my production for August . 

Excited about life and thankful for my blessings 
Packing for palms springs , I don't know what to bring !!! 
How Ironic that my < PROPMALE > would be Aladdin , LMAO 
I love how great things always happen to me . God always makes a way out of what seems to be no way . 
So excited about life . It's the biggest adrenaline rush with it's ups and downs ; you can't appreciate happiness without sorrow and often the biggest success is disguised as failure . 
A glorious day in which the lord has made . Great things always happen to me ! 
Lifes a game but its not fair I break the rules so I dont care So I keep doing my own thing Walking tall against the rain Victorys within the mile Almost there , dont give up now Only thing thats on my mind Is who's gonna run this town tonight 
GODs DELAYS ARE NOT GODS DENIALS HE KNOWS WHAT HE'S DOING STOP FIGHTING . I hope I have given somebody some hope . Faith gives .... Doubt takes away . 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > for being hard working winners ! To the top we go ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for doing tons and tons of personal premium .... Lets go freedom writers .... And lots of love to < PROPFEMALE > Garza and < PROPMALE > for being ever so inspiring . 
1877-855-8111 They beat anyones Auto and Home owners insurance . The promo code is NTMR3 and if asked my last name is < PROPFIRST > . Try it out I did and was shocked as hickory dickory dock . 
I am learning that when your a big circle you can't fit yourself into a little square , or vice versa ... so if it dont fit don't force it . Do what works for you , god made you perfect as you are anyway so just ask god to revamp you as needed and put your faith in him that HE will do it NOT SOME OTHER PERSON WHO IS NOT PERFECT OR IS NOT WHO YOU WANT TO BECOME . 
The key to winning is to be confident about yourself and faith in god . So simple yet it requires practice . I had a dream last night that me and my family , including my dog lol climbed the highest mountain with ease , and all that I heard was \the fastest way to the top straight up\ " . I am so appreciative of my circumstances . " 
Did you know that when your a JERK people don't like you , when you hurt people they don't trust you When people don't trust you they won't follow you . Trust is where you want to be with people and a kind heart is how you get there . 
I am so thankful for the people god has brought into my life . I hope you all know who you are and understand that I am ever so grateful to be able to share a part of my life with you . For all the quality , guidance , and fellowship you have brought into my life . May god bless you all 
Lack is not of god , insufficiency is not of god ... Therefore I declare these things improper and unlawful in my life ! God gave us the keys to the kingdom of heaven and I am going to use ummm . \Creflo Dollar\ " Amen !!!! " 
What you recieve in life today is a product of the seeds you planted yesterday ago . So if you want a good harvest you must plant the \good harvest\ " seeds today . Like the saying goes there is no time like the present . " 
Sometimes something sounds so good you have to say it twice lol .... Lack is not of god , insufficiency is not of god ... Therefore I declare these things improper and unlawful in my life ! God gave us the keys to the kingdom of heaven and I am going to use ummm . \Creflo Dollar\ " Amen !!!! " 
Action is a < PROPFEMALE > of your thought , so what do you think about ? =) Smile its contagious 
I think I would look good in a Magenta Lambo or a Magenta Range Rover or a < PROPFEMALE > paint Escalade or a white Lexus or a Silver < PROPFEMALE > . LMAO . Sounds like a christmas list ! 
I was called superficial one day when I was talking about the kind of things I wanted ( cars , homes , vacations ) I was sooo flattered cuz I was indirectly told I have lots of goals and dreams . * Let haters do their job dammit , in 2days economy it might b the only work they get * =) Smile its contagious 
* Let haters do their job dammit , in 2days economy it might b the only work they get * =) Smile its contagious 
WHAT EVER YOU THINK YOU ARE .... YOU ARE .... WHAT EVER YOU THINK WILL HAPPEN ... WILL HAPPEN ... WHO YOU THINK YOU WILL BECOME ... YOU WILL BECOME ... YOUR LIFE IS THE FRUIT OF YOUR THOUGHTS AND DESIRES . True fact : 90% of people make LESS than 30,000 a year ! Looks like not too many people think more of themselves . 
The bum on the street is not unfortunate , the man in jail is not a victim of his environment , and the middle class are not middle class because their boss wont give them a raise . You are where you are because of what is inside of your own damn cranium 
In July of 2008 I got unplugged from the Matrix and since then it has been hard to not think people are blind lost uneducated souls . I see why people who are broke and struggling stay that way and why the < PROPMALE > get < PROPMALE > er . The < PROPMALE > aren't sneaky or crooked they are actually just smarter and strive to become more educated . 
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make em drink . 
I am embracing my present today as I know it will soon be my past . I am grateful for absolutely everything that I have gone through in life , all the reasons and the seasons because it is what has built me . Thank you GOD for giving me the biggest gifts of all LIFE , LOVE , FREEDOM ! XOXO to all of you out there . 
I gotta pocket full of dreams baby I am from New York !!! 
Had an awesome amazing exhilirating open house and I am so glad to be in business with such an awesome group of individuals . Kudos to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Im saying a prayer for you guys , let's dominate ! 
Sometimes u dont win cuz ur good u just win cuz u dont give up ! 
Sometimes I feel like the little red hen .... Guess that's fine considering at the end of the story she didn't share her bread with any of the bastards who didn't help her ! To all you non supporters just want to say I love you anyway , you keep me going and for the supporters believe god is going to bless me so that you too can be blessed , I love you and your ufcking awesome . 
27 yrs old today and I will forever live my life like a *** Rockstar *** Thank you everyone for the B-day wishes . I pray that all of you recieve something you have wanted or needed for some time now and let 2010 be your year . OWN IT !!! 
With love to all my family and friends < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! & and even HAPPIER NEW YEAR . 
I am involved in a business where only 20% of the people don't give up . Everytime I see someone quit I get more stregnth and realize how special I am . TO THE QUITTERS ! Your weak ! and I am strong .... Go eat your damn wheaties . If your a cornball you just got mad at me , if you realized you are actually strong and quitting wasn't an option ... You just got back in the game . NOW GO SIZE YOURSELF UP 
HAPPY NEW YEAR N.Y.C ! MISS U LUV U 
HAPPY MOTHA FUCKEN NEW YEAR ( DON'T JUDGE ME I'M HUMAN ) 
Uuugh chicken ... say it wit ya chest ... banana creme pie !... crispity crunchety crackely koon ... poor lil tank tank ... mom ! Your the problem ... your fucken dead ... evry day I'm hustling ... lmaoing lol 
Lmao I just realized that a couple certain somebodies deleted me as friends after I got my promotion to Regional Vice-President . Haters r a sorry breed but they r my latest collectors item ;) got 3 fa sho YES ! ( As I pump fist ) looking 2 rackum up in the ohleven . Scoping for 2 faces and stomach virus faces ... Let the race begin . For my supporters I love u , am thankful 4 u , and I gotchyo back aaahhhoooo 
I am so over joyed , excited , overwhelmed , and elated . 2maro is going to be the shit ! I have no doubt that 2maro will be life changing for so many people I am so glad to be a part of it . I am so excited I kinda feel teary eyed behind it . Thank you lord for everything you have done for me . 
Never let life's hardships disturb you ... no one can avoid problems , not even saints or sages . Nichiren Daishonen 
A police officer was at my moms house last night cuz she has a restraining order on a neighbor who is schitzophrenic ( poor lady ) anyway I started recording his convo to late to get it on wax BUTthis dude made two comments that blew me away . He said that he had tried to antagonize loonies so that they would assault him so he could woop their asses cuz they deserved a beat down 
AND he also made a comment about someone specific ( don't know who ) who he is suprised is still alive because usually a person like him/her would have been shot dead by now by an officer and he said the person would of deserved it . I started taping after he said that but was only able to get the same version very watered down . 
Protect my @#% and serve some death . I was thinking doesn't he know he's in black folks home . 
REGIONAL VICE PRESIDENT HERE WE COME ! VROOOOOOOOOOOM ... BEEP BEEP MOVE OUT THE WAY LOL 
Someone please help me find a new home for my dog before I get evicted !!!! My apartments wont let me keep him and theyve caught 3 time lying about getting rid of him and that was the last straw . HELP !!!!! 
Primerica just went public today !!!! I am so excited . We are listed on the NYSE under PRI if you ever wanted to invest in a company I am telling you this is def one you want to invest in . RVP here we come ... move out the way or get pushed out the way . Say what you want I'll show you better than I can tell you . 
I pray for those who oppose me . Karmas a bitch =) People only hate on you when they envy something about you . Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
The first generation of wealth in a family is the hardest to attain Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!!! in Edmonton , ME - A little girl , 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car , license was plated Quebec 728 381 . Copy and paste this to your status . It could save that little girl . This kidnapping is recent ! So do it , 3 seconds won't kill you . Spread the word !!!!! I hope everyone on my friends ... list does this !!!! What if it where one of your own !!!! Please do this !!! 
Cali bound !!! How bad I need this you don't even know . Thank God for God cuz without him I can't even imagine where I would be mentally . Footprints poem is my inspiration and I keep it in my wallet at all times . 
God is good ... ALL THE TIME & ALL THE TIME ... God is good Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
Thanks to all the people who have had my back , helped me , believed in me through good AND BAD . If you were only down for me in the good you weren't really down for me . GOD , MOM , DAD , < PROPMALE > , KIDS , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , NYAH , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , TONE , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , FADEL , KISHIA , < PROPFEMALE > AND MORE . 
Im going going back back 2 cali cali . Dang being a women is some hard work . Hair check , nails check , clothes check , shoes check , some mo stuff check LOL . 
On the way 2 the airport and if we make it there without the taxi driver wrecking lmao Im satisfied . feel like Im in Rush Hr 4 ! 
Having 2 much WHOLESOME fun in cali =) wow I love my life 
Wow I cant believe im up this early to get ready . Im nausiated just cuz of the time Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
\When you know nothing about nothing you know nothing\ " =) smile its so freaken contagious " 
LMFAO OMG CANT UFCKEN STOP LAUGHING WHIT & I JUST DOUSED THESE NUCCAS IN WATER AND BEATUM WIT PILLOWS AS THEY FELL ASLEEP . NOW WE GOTTA SLEEP WITH 1 EYE OPEN ! 
Hey to all the men out there ! Jus cuz a lady gives u a friendly smile it doesnt mean she wants u , so when she blocks ur shot dont be mad . Im not saying dont try 
It must not occur to people that if 80% of the population is becoming a medical assistant then at some point there r gonna be more people than positions 
Life is like a box of chocolates ... THANK GOD I LOOOOVE CHOCOLATE 
Wow Ive got a triple A rated husband . Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is all I will say Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
Oh wait ! < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Fieldstad too Smile it's so freaken contagious =) 
I am in a business where you have to be mentally tough and Ive always known that I was pretty damned tough but this business actually points people out who I am more resiliant than . If you quit IM TOUGHER THAN YOU dont get all butt hurt about it just man the fuck up and get back in the game if you THINK you can stand the heat otherwise tuck your tail and keep on down that yellow brick road ... 
What do you do when your fed up with someone ? 
I like it on the kitchen counter 
The love scenes in movies and music videos always look so tantilizing ... it's too bad men never try and recreate that for their ladies , they be to busy trying to create that bang bang crap in pornos ... tsk tsk fellas 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!! and Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there especially the one in my life . Luv u babycakes 
Success and failure begins with self . Shit or get off the pot . 
Proud of team mates DaVonya & < PROPFIRST > they know how to work hard then play hard . Itll pay off we are glad we met you guys . 
< PROPMALE > GOD , FAMILY , AND GOOD FRIENDS . I love yall and yall know who yall are . If you doubt that Im talking about you then I probably NOT talking about you . 
Some of you guys air out too much dirty laundry and vent on here like thats going to fix the issue . We arent in high school you guys . Be a little more classy or at least pretend to be cuz some of yall just make yourselves seem really STUPID . 
Thank you to my creator , husband , kids , parents , siblings , RVP'S , family and in laws . Iam so blessed and refuse to be ungreatful ! \ 
\ 
=) Smile it's contagious ! 
Whit closed 1500 !!!! jea jea 
Its really sad when your job tells you when you can go to the bathroom , eat , come in , go home , spend time with your family , how much your gonna get paid , what you can and cannot wear , what kind of car you can drive , house/apt you will live in and EVEN MORE SAD IS YOU BEND OVER 5-7 DAYS A WEEK AND TAKE IT FOR A MEASLY $26.00 AN HOUR . :( BETTER GET LOTS OF A&D FOR YOUR LONG AS HAUL IN LIFE TILL RETIREMENT 
YOU SEE A STATUS APPEAR ON YOUR WALL ABOUT A STORY OF A GIRL WHO KILLED\ 
HERSELF BECAUSE OF SOMETHING HER FATHER WROTE ON HER FACEBOOK WALL !!! \ 
DO NOT OPEN IT !!!! IT IS A VIRUS AND WILL RELEASE A TROJAN VIRUS IN TO\ 
YOUR COMPUTER . PLEASE CUT AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL !!!! 
HELP !!! I need a pet sitter for 5 days . Would anyone out there be willing to take care of them for a fee ? I have a Teacup Yorkie ( 4lbs wet ) and a shitzu pekinese mix ( 9lbs dry lol ) I leave thurs morning ... text me if you can 206-235-4595 
I am so pumped !!! Spending time with my 3 kids , neice , Sista n law , and hubby in Palm Springs . I love my life and all that is to come . whoooooo hooooooo lol 
Touched Down in cali going to roscos . But I party fouled and left \ 
My phone on the plane !!! If ur trying to reach me it's not happening , gonna have to call or text < PROPMALE > 2062354533 
got a phone now but I dont have all my < PROPFIRST > . Text me your name so I can store your number please 
I have a renewed spirit 
The sun is going to be out 2maro . What a blessing 
Some people need to renew their minds . Stop making mountains out of mole hills . You aint in a 3rd world country , u aint starving , u not living on the street . Get over ur little bitty pile of shit ... someone[s ] has it worse than u 
I stand behind my goals ! but even more powerful is God stands behind them and so they are already accomplished just waiting for your eyes to focus properly to recognize it .... you can hold your breath on that . =) 
I am planting seeds to grow a money tree . I hated when parents ( not just mine ) said money didn't grow on trees so Im gonna prove them wrong and never ever tell my kids that bullshit lie . I know as a kid you thought \isn't money paper \"?" 
If your looking for a career change , or just some p/t money because christmas is just around the corner ... again =) please contact me , I am currently looking for a few good people . I am also expanding and need 3-4 people who are particularly interested in business ownership to partner with me and my husband . If you know people who fit the criteria have them call me too . 206-235-4595 . 
If your looking for a career change , or just some p/t money because christmas is just around the corner ... again =) please contact me , I am currently looking for a few good people . I am also expanding and need 3-4 people who are particularly interested in business ownership to partner with me and my husband . If you know people who fit the criteria have them call me too . 206-235-4595 
Open question , I have had some interesting experiences with working for bad managers/boss's whatever . Share with me your most outrageous experience with a boss of yours at some point of your working life . Mine is posted below 
Great opp night , the whole team did a good job . Congrats to < PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE > they got 2 new directs and their direct got 2 new directs ... Wow !!! 
If your looking for a career change , or just some p/t money because christmas is just around the corner ... again =) please contact me , I am currently looking for a few good people . I am also expanding and need 3-4 people who are particularly interested in business ownership to partner with me and my husband . If you know ... people who fit the criteria have them call me too . 
97% need proof ... 3% offer that proof ... 3% recieve 97% of the profit . Do you want to be the 3% or 97% ? 
If your looking for a career change , or just some p/t money because christmas is just around the corner ... again =) please contact me , I am currently looking for a few good people . I am also expanding and need 3-4 people who are particularly interested in business ownership to partner with me and my husband . If you know ...... people who fit the criteria have them call me too . 
You've got to have FAITH in possibilities before you can ever enjoy the luxury of having options . God bless all you out there today . MAKE it a great day and don't forget to kill the screw face and =) SMILE cuz it's contagious 
I know I shouldn't cus but I fucking pumped =) 
Family is a trip , thank God for relatives 
It begins ! I am on a mission to be 130lbs to 140lbs by the end of the year . I am currently at 195lbs . That's over 50lbs in 3 months . I join you to watch my progress on youtube and via my photo album . Cheer me on cuz I need it !!!! 
ANALYTICAL Derived from medieval Latin analyticus , from Greek analutikos , from analein , meaning to resolve ; see analysis . DEFINITION : Expert in or using analysis , especially in thinking . RELATED WODS : Logic , Logical , Deductive ... Sounds like another way to so say SMARTER THAN THE AVERAGE BEAR ! I RECIEVE , I RECIEVE , I RECIEVE 
5lbs lost in 2days should be 15 lighter by the end of the week . Damn I am pumped ! Jea Jea Jea lol 
I am so like in wow ( in mwgv ) I lost 3 pounds my 1st day , 2 pounds less as of this morning and I checked again for shits and giggles and I lost another 2 pounds WTH yippy yippy lol . Total of 7 pounds in 2 days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh and I lost 3 inches off my waiste line ! Oh and I am not exercising !!!! Oh and < PROPMALE > lost 10lbs in those same two days !!! I think I over excited at this point 
another 2 pounds down this morning ... From Monday to today I have lost 9lbs .. wooooo hooooo 
Have you ever felt so thankful , happy , excited , moved , inspired , loved , loving , elated to the point of tears & and laughter . THANK YOU KISHIA AND THANK YOU GOD FOR MAKING HER COME BACK FOR ME & MY FAMILY ! 
I'm 190lbs this morning . Monday I was 201lbs . That's 11lbs in one week . I freaken love it ! I'm not hungry and I don't HAVE to exercise . This diet is a freaken miracle ! 
188lbs now was 201 pounds 7 days ago !!! I lost 13lbs in 7 days but my husband freaken lost 22lbs !!!! 
My base shop and my team are in the quiet before the storm phase .... ooooh weee theres bouts to be an explosion !!! Jea Jea Jea . Love yall !!!! 
Diet update for the ladies ... If your on the same diet as I am DO NOT CHEAT and be VERY CAREFUL not to cheat accidently . It will set u back 7-10 days it will only set a guy back 3 days . From 10/10 to now Ive only lost 6 pounds when it should of been more like 10-12 . BUT IM NOT UNGRATEFUL 
A TRUE leader does more than follow . EAGLES fly alone , chickens flock 2gather . If you won't do something to change your own life why would anybody believe you can help them 
ACN just got brought up on pyramid charges in Montana . $ 240,000 plus was made through signing people up and Montana particpants paid out $ 62,000 to be a part of the \program\ " \ " ALL BUT 2 PEOPLE\ " lost money . The 2 who made out like fat rats made about $775 each . They give reputable companies a bad rap . SHAME " 
10/01 to 10/29 21lbs lost 35-40 more to go !!! how about yall ? 
Im going to be dressed as a SNSD for halloween lol how boutchu 
I'm feeling enlightened and I want to share what was put on my heart . I'm talking to someone , not sure who . The secret to accomplishment is FIRST START ( set out on your adventure ) with the END RESULT in mind ( picture how its suppose to turn out ) the whole universe will then begin to conspire ( clear a path ) to help you reach your destination . 
When you have a lot going for yourself the best thing you can do is stay away from people who have nothing going for themselves cuz if you don't they might take hold of your leg as they fall down that dark hole and take you with them . Tread carefully in the mine field of life . 
Sometimes I think Iam nutz . Life is so exciting to me , I even find the not so great parts exhilirating it gives me an adrenaline rush . Lifes like a roller coaster the ride ends when you die . I rather ride than die . I'm a rider LOL That gives a whole new meaning to \Im gonna ride on you \"" 
SAD many people will grow old & have nothing else to look back on but someone elses great achievements . Denzel won an < PROPFIRST > in 2001 for his role in training day , < PROPMALE > Bush won the Heizman trophy in 2005 , Babe < PROPFEMALE > is in the Hall of fame for the most homeruns , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > invented the light bulb in 1802 . What are you doing other than watching them achieve greatness cable television has become a curse lol 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for coming over and praying over me and for me , your a special friend and thanks to everyone else on the team also for encouraging me and holding it down in October . U all mean alot 2 me ! 
To make big money you just need to create a big distraction if you don't believe me who makes money from commercials , reality shows , football games , singers . The source ( actors , singers ) gets a small cut in relation to the creators ( Directors , Franchise owners ) and the consumers pay for ALL OF IT . 
Someone do the math ! WHAT DOES X EQUAL ? \ 
( 20,000 x . 95 x . 7 ) + ( 20,000 x . 30 ) = X \ 
IF YOUR ON MY TEAM OR WE ARE ON THE < PROPFIRST > TEAM YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT THE HELL X EAQUALS FOR REALLL . I am salivating LMAO 
The weather just helped me pick my next vehicle . I don't like snow in Seattle ! grrrrr ugh plzzzz stop 
Thank u God for the inspiration to get a 4-wheel drive Escalade all Red . Cuz my lil mama and her rear wheel drive let me and the homie allll the way down 
\Trying is WANTING APPROVAL for something YOU have NO INTENTION of DOING . \ " ~ Brandon Neil ~ " 
It's official ! RVP Bitches ! ... Im Riach Biach ! [ in my ashy < PROPFIRST > voice ] ... Singing ... moven on up to the east side .... hmmm hmmm sumten sumten sumten about piiiieee ... yummm ... oops that my diet acten up LMFATFO .... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > D . Kornegay is a \G\ " !!! LMAO I love it ... =) " 
She's probably going to see this and if so that's fine ... My < PROPFEMALE > met the fam yest & fit right in ! She starts with us in a couple wks , but she texts me 2day about a good sale on designer purses and offered to take pics and send them to me ... LOL Wow how do u find people like that ? She ufcking ROCKS ! 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
Why is anyones grandma doing pizza delivery ! If your granny is doing pizza delivery and ur over the age of 18 and ur granny isn't doing it for fun , you ain't about doo doo 
Don't ask for help and then don't take it when it's offered , that's blatantly wasting someones time , why do u think ur time is any more important than the next person 
6pm 800 sw 34th st suite D , Renton Wa . Purse Part . GUCCI , COACH , JUICY , < PROPFIRST > V , < PROPMALE > HARDY ETC ... AUTHENTIC W/SERIAL #'S ... Ur welcome 2 stop by and check what she's got and link up with her to get u something u want or make a pay plan . $40-$80 is what I think they r going 4 
Purses r $ 60 
< PROPMALE > Hardy galore .. Jeans , shirts , hats ... omg ! 
Thank you everyone 4 the bday wishes life is busy and you didn't have to take a < PROPFEMALE > . from ur day to wish me a good day and for that I'm grateful and wish u 10 fold great blessings now and into ur New Year 
I have an urge that I'm not sure can be satisfied =( ... I really want to ride in a power wheel ! ugh ! Neeeeeeeeuuuuuuurrrrrrrr scuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrr meeep meeep 
My goal was to become a Millionaire but inflation screwed that up so my revised plan is to become a Billionaire ... Jea Jea Jea < PROPMALE > go ! 
The individual who has knowledge but doesn't use it is much dumber than the person who doesn't have the knowledge to use . ~ Food 4 thought ~ 
My every business/money move on twitter Boss_Lady_Coach ... follow 
Who else notices how quite folks get on FB when u say something that pisses people off but everybody jumps @ the < PROPMALE > to respond to bullshit or negativity . LMAO 
More money more problems is what they say but less money and more problems don't make no sense . Problems only go away when you die so ur 2 choices ... Die ! Or man the fuck up ! SPARTANS ! What is your occupations ? AAAWHOOO AAAWHOOO AAAWHOOO 
