Formerly < PROPFEMALE > Kaufman 

Y'all have to bear with me , I am learning how this whole facebook thing works .... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZRbko3UsnQ 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! May it be happy and prosperous to you all . 
Impromptu Poll for my friends , this is kinda research for one of my classes . If you don't want to post publicly then send me a message , but I need responses please . The Questions are : How do you feel about law enforcement and why ? Do you think profiling is a legitimate law enforcement technique ? Thank you in advance for your input . 
I hate technology !!! When it fails I am lost . My computer literally farted black smoke and died . So , I made myself feel better by throwing it across the room and making sure it was totally dead . No frustration or anger issues here , uh-uh . 
I am feeling refreshed , re-energized and happy all the way to my soul . < PROPMALE > and I spent a very short , impromptu , hour at the beach . Next time I will plan ahead and take the camera and his ball . 
A fun one !! -- It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ... 
You want pissed off ? I'll show you PISSED OFF ! 
I swear technology is out to get me . My computer dies , I lose all my work in progress and all previously submitted materials . because of a glitch on the other end , one of my essay tests doesn't submit ; I have to recreate it , on top of the 3 other papers I was writing that all got lost . All due this week . So , I am madly working on 1 , and the power hicups and I lost all recent revisions . 
< PROPMALE > just said , \The last minute of the day is the longest . I swear they postpone the minute . \ " LOL " 
How many of you really know * all * of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know them ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me . You know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be . ? 
Anyone know who < PROPFIRST > Smestad is ? He is requesting my friendship and I don't have a clue who he is . 
I think a tree must have fallen near my house about 2:00 am . Wild weather , huge crash , the loudest rain I have ever heard and no power for 2 hours . I slept through the no power and I will go investigate the tree theory when the sun wakes up . 
Mother Nature has a sick sense of humor . The only snow we get all year long in on April 2nd . WTF is up with that ? 
Happy Easter everybody !! 
WooHOO !!!! Another semester finished , now I am on summer vacation !!! Oh , and I just smoked my last cigarette . I QUIT !!! No , really , I mean it . I really do this time . I have will power , I swear I do !!. 
You knkow , this quitting smoking thing is a helluva lot easier than I thought it would be , but it's still damn hard . I am sleeping way too much and my back is killing me because of it . I have heartburn from all the water I'm drinking . So , breakfast at 5am ( WTF am I doing up at 5am ?!?! ) is going to be advil and Tums . Gee I sure can't wait to get even older . 
So , I fell off the non-smoker wagon . It was all Deano's fault ( That's my story and I'm sticking to it . ) Yesterday I left my house with the intention of driving the 1/2 mile to the little store out here to buy a pack of smokes and ended up at Walmart 35 < PROPMALE > away buying nicorette gum instead and a huge bag of dum dums . I am proud of me , I really am going to put some effort into this . 
Coffee without cigarettes tastes soooo much better , but damn it's hard to drink . 
ROAD TRIP !! We are off to ( hopefully ) < PROPFEMALE > Southern California for < PROPMALE>'s graduation and a day at Disneyland . I haven't been to Disneyland since 1974 ... think it's changed much ? 
The boys and I went and saw The Last Airbender tonight . Was pretty good , but I love the story , I love the cartoons , still watch them all the time . I don't recommend the 3D version , not impressive enough to justify the extra $$ . See it in 2D , enjoy the special effects , save the extra money and go out to dinner too . 
making potato salad , gonna go BBQ ribs at < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight after a day filled with lounging by the river and drinking beer . Summer has officially graced Western WA with her presence . < PROPFEMALE > HAW !! 
Writing a paper on whether minimum wage increases help or hurt the working poor . Any thoughts ? 
Oh the weather outside is frightful , but the fire is so delightful . And since I've no place to go . LET IT SNOW ! LET IT SNOW ! LET IT SNOW ! 
So , it snowed yesterday morning , cleared up in the late afternoon , got REALLY cold and froze it all up good . Now it's snowing again . Yipee !! Brings to mind the song , \Slip sliding away . \"" 
Happy Thanksgiving wishes to all my friends and family on FB . May you all travel safely , laugh heartily and remember not to drink beer with the deviled eggs . 
I'm a bitch ... unfortunately most women won't re-post this ! I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is ! I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best !! If you're a bitch , repost ! I dare you !! ... I'll be looking for the gals who are brave enough 
Sob . I got the 4am phone call from < PROPMALE > . I can't talk to him again for 4 months because the USMC owns him now . Unless they screw up again . 
Please copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then please , still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh , and the hearts ... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! 
Should a person be required to assume the risk that the garbage collectors for whom he or she leaves garbage-for the purpose of delivering it to a dump-will take the exceptional action of routing the garbage to a police officer instead of to a landfill ? 
I am all aquiver ( this is not spelled wrong FB , consult with Word as I do ) with excitement this morning . I have training all this week . It will be the first time I have had an excuse to leave the house more than 2 days in a row in years . Yay me !! 
OMG !! I need a good laugh , someone post something funny !! 
Woke up this morning to 4\ of perfect crunchy snow . Who wants to have a snowball fight ??? " 
By annihilating desires you annihilate the mind . Every man without passions has within him no principle of action , nor motive to act . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Helvetius , 1715-1771 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using Exactly 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well ... be a good sport and play along ... 
Just got through watching \Waiting for Superman . \ " Amazing movie . A must see for all parents of school age children . " 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
