why do people do dumb shit ? can somebody answer that for me 

what a real man is .... a man is not measured by what he has , but by what he do with what he has . if its just the cloths on his back or the BMW in his driveway . a real man will take on the responsibility of another man if that man aint man enough to step to the plate . a real man will admit when he fucked up . a real man will bare witness to what he created and raise that creation with no reservations . I AM A REAL MAN !!!! 
lil < PROPMALE > looks like an alien with a bold head !!!!! lls 
My favorite quote > If u give a man a fish u feed him for a day , teach him to fish and u feed him for a lifetime > end quote .... see , people always expect other people to do things for them but if u only can see the potential in urself u can achieve anything u put your mind to . Nothing is wrong with getting tought things but u suppose to move on and use what u learn and try to teach other people . 
When u ask for thing that u dont really need sometimes u really get shit u dont really need . So the next time u ask for something make u really need it . people tend to watch other people and see what they got but appreciate what u have , meaning anything that makes u happy and i promise u , u will not really need nothing >> knowlage from Dutch #2 
Never really knew how it was for women nor the precious beings that they are until i had my lil girl . So a word of advice to all woman out here , respect ur body and mind bcuz its alot out here that can harm not only u but ur integrity . i look at my lil girl and hope i can in-still in her concientous and anylitical qualities that she can utilize in her everyday life bcuz its a fucked up world >> knowlage from Dutch #3 
Birthday tomorrow ! got to work but its cool tho , guess ill party early ...... 26 seems so old once u get here .... i know i feel old 
What came first , the chicken or the egg ????? 
Never really seen tha < PROPFEMALE > out in the daytime ... a thing of beauty !!! 
Forreal ... I'm tired of these lil niggas in these tight ass jeans .... nut huggers ..... lol 
Two girls walking on a bridge ... one girl had a skirt on and sat on the rail and then said to the other girl .... look at that big ass canoe ... the girl said that's not a canoe , that's your reflection .. lls 
For ppl that don't say fuck or shit I say to u ...... if u don't shit , fuuuuck , >> & if u don't fuck shiiiiiiit ..... lls 
On tha way to captain < PROPFIRST>'s by tha chesapeake bay bridge , best seafood ever !!! 
Bout to b a looooooong day !!!!!!!!!! Shit !!! 
$$$ Mayweather !!!! It's not a game !!!! 
Y you screemin ? I ain't even cut < PROPFEMALE > yet ... in my < PROPMALE > voice ... nightmare on elm street 
At work bord as fuck , feel like 7:15 am is running away from me . 
Happy mothers day to all mom dukes !!!! 
Two men on a bridge pissin ... on said the water is cold & the other one said yea u right , it's deep too ... lls 
Wow !!!!!!! Been in traffic for like 2 hrs now ... don't go on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > bridge today , u will b blown 
This was not my day ... just want it to b over over over , but it's far from overrrrrr ... ( in my drake voice ) 
I am a spiritual person & believe in a higher power , u might call that God , but as far as religion goes , that is some man made bs , all religions are created to use that higher power to control the masses . 
Can't wait to get home to watch the finale of the best tv show ever made ' 24 ' ... after 8 seasons tha show came to an end last night , I couldn't catch it tho cuz I had to work but that's what u got Internet & tevo for right ... james bond ain't got shit on < PROPFIRST > Bauer !!!!!! 
It's been a long time comin , but I kno a change gone come- R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Cook 
I do not like dat nigga Kobe but gotta respect his game ... l guess it's Lackers vs . Celtics 
Lls ... this facebook book shit is full of alot of illiterate , nonintellectual , horny(males mostly ) , don't never got anything to say , NIGGAS , This pose to b a social outlet for ppl to voice thier opinions bout shit that matters , but u got chicks on here that would say sum like I'm bout to go to bed & within a minute 100 niggas comment & say the same shit like can i get in the bed with u baby ... lls lame 
R . I . P ... Gary < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Harper , and dat nigga from tha five heartbeats , sorry , forgot ur name dogg !!!! Ppl always die in 3's 
Didn't know it was dis hard planning your own wedding/reception ..... took a break , guess I'll get back to now , to all those we invited , please b pacient just filling in the cracks aight !!! 
The notebook is the best love movie ever !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is the best movie ever made .... brad Pitt as Achilles was priceless 
Human beings r a changing species , we grow everyday , cut our hair , get mad , sad , happy , make mistakes&learn from them , u change ur mind daily .. etc , u are u bcuz of these things , u won't b u without them , so just think of heaven & what it's all about , it's no change in heaven , the change that makes you , you , so who would u b if u wasn't you , just think , aren't you proud to b YOU ?!!! 
Lil < PROPFIRST > . vs . < PROPFEMALE > minaj ... who u going with ? imma rockin with < PROPFIRST > , but nik nice as shit tho , lil < PROPFIRST > just profected what < PROPFEMALE > nice at !!!! 
Ppl stink like shit on this train son !!!!! 
Having a great night tonite , wrestling with the girls & cooking steak and potatoes .... dem girls gonna b < PROPMALE > boys fuckin round with me . Still gotta get up early tho , but it feels great spending time wit tha fam !!!! 
These niggas at this reeve center is off tha chain , one nigga in here talkin bout security is in his blood ... his father was a security guard , his grandfather was one and now he one ... lol , damn I guess it is in his blood ... lol , I just b in here bord as shit , listening to all these ppl conversations , tha shit ppl talk about ..... 
To the one I hurt today , I'm sorry & wish I can make the pain go away , lifes trials & tribulations can take u down dangerous terrain , if we can weather the storm the hills & mountains would even out into a lovley plain , some doubt , some hate , that's what keep our love so great , I know ur mad , but I am what I am , tha good & tha bad , all tha way thru , plz forgive me love , I know not what I do , To the one I hurt today ! Love You 
Happy Birthday to the G . O . A . T ... Tupac Shakur , you are truly missed , God bless your soul & rest in peace ... you would have been 39 today !!!! 
Fuck tha lakers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My life is brilliant-My love pure-I saw an angel-of that I'm sure-she smiled at me on subway-she was with another man-but I won't loose no sleep on that cuz iv got a plan >>>> Your beautiful , Your beautiful , it's tru , there must b an angel with a smile on her face , when she thought up that I should b with u , but it's time to face tha truth , that I will never b with you !!! 
At my fathers day cookout & this fire won't stay lit for shit , that's what we get for buying cheap ass lighter fluid ... smh lls 
I keep seeing ppl say ' happy fathers day to all the good fathers out here ... lol , not to sound like I condone being a bad no good ass trifling father , but they r still fathers , and it's hope for everybody , just sayin it's fathers day , not ' good fathers day ' ..!!!!!! 
Name the three NBA teams in witch their name does ' not ' end with S ....??? 
My list of Top 5 rappers dead or alive\ 
1.2 pac-philosopher , lyrical , & versatile , legend \ 
2 . Eminem-lyrical genius , unpredictable \ 
3 . Lil Wayne-lyrical mataphores , intelligent , the \ 
The future\ 
4 . Jay-z-lyrical matermind , mature , business \ 
man \ 
5 . Biggie-lyrical , hustler , legend 
It's official .. verizon is some shady , con artist , stealing your money , preying on black folks muthafuckas , been waiting a whole week for them to refund me my $100 , it shouldn't take a fuckin week to fix yo ' fuck up ... see I was nice all week bout now in my lil < PROPMALE > ( voice ) IM GION IN !!!!!!! Lls 
Misunderstood don't need to be explained ..... 
Can someone answer me one question ???? Y is it that black girls are all of a sudden getting fake asses when y'all are naturally built to have a phat ass , give or take few lol ... but really tho some just take the fake ass too far when it look like u a stick that swollowed a beach ball !!! 
Ok , I'm gettin married in the morning & I got a stuffy nose . Hope my nose isn't running at the alter ... lol , if anybody got any home remidees on gettin rid of a stuffy nose feel free to comment !!!! 
Finally a married man so ladies please BACK THE FUCK UP !!!!!!! But nawww its females out there that thier soul reason for living is to fuck up a happy home , and im letting them know this the brickhouse that the bigg badd wolf aint blow down nor will blow down !!!!! 
Is lovin life , love my wife , love my kids and appreciate all that god have set before me . 
I love the shit out of my wife .... hahahahah !!!!!! Fuck tha haters ...!!!!!!!!! 
Sick as a dirty dogg again ..... huhhhh .... duaghter gave everybody her cold ....!!!!! 
Misunderstood don't have to b explained !!!! Remember that one facebook !!! 
I got great news today ... Alls I have to say is God is good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This dude I use to know couldn't read , and I don't mean the can't read where you stumble over your words but when u litterally can't read the word ' THE ' , but dis nigga had a newspaper in his hand , up to his face every morning , I be like ok what was that ...., I think that's < PROPFEMALE > funny !!!! 
You ever looked at a squirrel & a rat , they r the same thing ..., a squirrel is just a rat with a furry tail ..., I think that's < PROPFEMALE > funny !!! 
Word of wisdom , don't let anyone make you think you cant do something , including urself , in my(young jeezy voice)you can do anything you put ur mind to , put your grind to , forgetful ass nigga , shell I remind you !!!! But just remember that got does work his magic in mysterious ways , he not there when you call but always on time , even when you least expect it . 
QUESTION FACEBOOK , who is the ultimate decider whaen it come to having sex ??? The male or the female ??? Does the male ' want ' to have sex with the female and it's up to her to do it or not , or is it vice versa , the other way around , or is it an even 50/50 division between both ??????? 
in this vast universe someone is going thru something a bit more traumatic then you so if you can think about that person , and pray for thier well-being , and it might not change your situation , but mybe you changed that person's sitsuation with just a prayer and thier situation is better then yours now . They might b able to lend a prayer or can physically help you out of ur traumatic state . God moves in mystirous ways !!! 
On the way to Hagerstown to visit my lil brother , he got family day today & we got 4 hours to chill with him , I'm so proud of my lil homie cuz he been caged up since he was 15 , he 22 now & he comin home in 04 ' , that would b ten years and he accomplished so much , love my lil nigga !!!!! 
Just wanted to give a shout out to my wife for being tha strongest woman I know , she holds down the house , does the damn thing with the kids , go to school , and puts up with yours truly , lol , everyday is mothers day in my eyes , even if she doesn't know it , but forreal , she does work miracles , don't know how she do it with our crazy schedule , Love you babes !!!! 
Me & wifey out at the national harbor , & we chillin , good to get out once in a while wit my baby !!!! 
Me & wifey just gettin back in and bout to get it in .... hahaha !!!! Hope u got urs cuz I deff got mine ... good luck single ppl ... lol 
On my way to work , training is officially over , first real day I'm on my own .... wish a nigga luck !!!!! 
Had a smooth day at my new position , but don't let me speak to early , it's always a tomorrow ... being a supervisor has it's ups and downs , GN Facebook !!! Time for wife & kids !!!! 
@ Wifey , hate to see u go , but l love to watch u leave !!!!!! ; 0 ) 
I am not a human being * Weezy * 
When it rains , it pours , so nigga stay dry !!!!!! 
As the heat of the summer sun die out-we all must look back on 2010 & b blassed to have made it this far on a good route-as I look at my life- my kids-and also my wife- I see the American dream-idle minds can't touch what I have- but they continuously want to walk in my path- haters r like buses-they come & go , so please stop clockin everything that I bestow !!! 
Always makin moves , cuz imma hustla hommie !!!! Bread right b4 midnight !!! Can't fuck with me . Oh yea hi hataz !!! 
Weezy out now , so y'all can < PROPFEMALE > that gucci , soilja boy , & < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > shit , nigga gonna come out blazin !!!!! 
Work was unbelievable yeasterday , unreal , just glad that everybody was safe & unharmed , thank god for everyday u have on this earth , live everyday like it's ur last 
Call of Duty is the best game series ever , BLACK OPS !!!!!! That bitch is intence ! 
Tha only time I will depend is when I'm 70yrs 0ld- that's when I can't hold my shit within- so I shit on myself- cuz I'm so sick & tired of shitti'n on everybody else !!!!! - Lil < PROPMALE > killed that shit !!! 
N . O on my fitted- I'm comitted to my city- anything I will commit it- just to show that I'm committed- committed & get aquitted- gizzle let me get em- gizzle let me get em- eat em up and shit em'------Lil < PROPMALE > killed dat shit !! 
Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > descovered how to seperate the plasma in blood for blood transfusions . He was in a car accident , he was rushed to the hospital for lose of blood but wasn't allowed in because the hospital was for whites only .... We as black ppl came a long way . That man discovered that proceedure & it couldn't get done on him cuz of the color of his skin 
Happy new year to all friends & fam !!! Yea I know I'm late , but unlike some ppl , I don't live on facebook , I got a ummm what u call that lil thing , oh yea ( life ) lls 
Just wanted to tell my wife that I love her to the end of the line , and I guess that's 4ever cuz out love is endless . Also I loved our mini vacation getaway to the Pocono Mt . Paradise stream resort . So to friends & family , thanks for being there & to our haters , love u too , couldn't do it without < PROPFEMALE > , hate on hater , oh yea u can eat a d*ck ... lls :-) 
Got my heart broken by this woman named < PROPFEMALE > , but ho's gonna be ho's so I can't blame < PROPFEMALE >----> lil Wayne ..... so niggas , forgive all those women who did u dirty cuz ho's are gonna b ho's , u can't blame them !! 
U can stand under me if u can't understand me ----> Lil < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > 4 comin ) 
Woman always want the last word til the next argument , & the next thing that man say starts the next argument ... Smh 
Thank you everybody for the birthday shout outs , I had a blast , thank god for letting me see 27 , hope I'm blessed to see 28 , live everyday like it's ur last . Everybody dies but not everybody live !!! 
Congratulations to the love of my live for getting accepted to the national honors society for psychology .... proud of u & keep up the great work !!!! U work vary hard everyday with school & holding down the most hardest job in the world by being a true mother to our angels .... Congrats to u < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
FB ... Are you afraid to die ??? \ 
Why should I fear death ?.... If I am , then death is not !.... If Death is , I am not ! \ 
Why should I fear something that cannot exist when I do ??? \ 
Think about that ... Ur not here when ur death is here , and death is not here when u are .. so why fear it ... 
Religion is regarded by the common people as true , by the wise as false , and by the rulers as useful !!! \ 
Rulers , kings , emperors , Pharos , Presidents , and also the Pope would put the wise man to death , while controling the common ppl with religion .... the funny thing is God has nothing to do with that ... God is spiritual not religious , as am I . 
You miss tha little things about a person when they r not with u .... just thinking bout my lil brother , I remember when we were young and he always copied off me and I hated that lol . But I would give anything to get those time back ... my lil man will be home soon tho and we gonna live it up , < PROPFEMALE > what u got now .. Free Elmo >>> 2014 Mob Ish Ent all day !!! 
Happy Birthday to my daughter Duchess ... Daddy loves you . :-) 
Ohhh ..... Cadillac escalade where r u , I need u in my life ...... soon soon I hope !!!! 
Somebody told me they would duck their head down in the car if they was riding with me & I'm bumping 2pac music ..... sigh !!!! WTF , you sound like I said kool mo de , NWA , or mc hammer or something 2pac , biggie is exempt from that embarrassing old school shit in my eyes , my man PAC music is timeless , I'm sorry 
Hangover 2 !!!! Can't wait !!! 
Give a man a fish , u feed him for a day .... teach him to fish , u feed him for a lifetime .... ( food for thought) !! 
