Grrr ... I hate new things . No < PROPFEMALE > 

I cant stand little dogs that bark for no reason . Seriously annoying . 
Wondering im awake this early w/ nothing to do . lol 
grrr ... I feel like an 70 year old when I wake up . Zumba time 2day ! 
lol . Watch \bass made my eye popped out\ " Fn hilarious ... and unsanitary . lol " 
In my mind , I dont think the way you think . Everyday Im in danger of go n over the brink . Catch me if U can . 
Damn , I just made the best chicken-mandarin salad ever ! 
I miss summer .... giong to parks with the kids , taking them swimming , drinking beer on the porch @ 2 am . lol . BBQs ... ahhh ... heaven 
Man I wanna be my brother right now . He'll be in < PROPFEMALE > 2day .... Grrrr ... lol . Hope he has some fun and doesnt work to much 
I hate dating it sucks . The Websites suck .. putting yourself out their sucks . Im just going to lock myself in the house forever with my kids . lol 
My babies are running around the house in their bathing suits , lol ... excited about NC much ? 
Can you look into my soul and tell me what you see ? Because most of the time these days , I just dont feel like me 
My internet is pissin me off . Keeps messin up 
Who r my children so bloody violent ? lol 
Why are my children so violent towards each other ? Man ... I hope they grow out of this phase . lol 
In the light of the < PROPFEMALE > , I feel the Goddesses ' arms around me . And yet when my head hits the pillow at night , I feel so alone 
Tryin 2 find all my cousins on here .... lol ... Im get n a little confused .. which isnt anything new . ; ) 
Theres no better place in the world then being smashed between the prettiest little gurlz in the world . lol . Rnt we all vain about our children though ? 
I cant find my Zumba DVDs !! I want P90X . 
Does anyone know if you can get P90X from the store ? 
Found em ! Yea ! lol 
Soon , I shall have a new car !! I cant wait ! Been stuck in this house for 3 weeks ... 3 WEEKS !!! Feel like im hibernating , thank the Goddess im not a bear . ; ) > 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj \ Still I Rise . \ " Happy Valentines Day everyone ! My 2 favorite Valentines never fail or dissapoint-Kailani and Makiya . Mommy loves you babies ! " 
grrr ... my belly hurts 
I hate new medication . I have medicine stomach now . : ( 
Grrr ..... I cant find my phone ! I swear I lose @ least 5 4 things a day ... lol ... and thats an understatement . ; ) 
I do NOT feel like cleaning this house ! ~ Anyone wanna come help me ? ; ) 
Laying in the field , looking up @ the sky , I watch as the world slowly passes me by . All the clouds , so peaceful and white , the birds playfully flying up high . \ 
If I could grab hold , Id let it take me away , \ 
And watch the pain n the world , so Id appreciate what I was gave . 
WOW ... looks like it snowed n my living room . My baby decided to pour baby powder ALL over the carpet ... said she was try n 2 make it smell pretty . lol ... 
Theres a Dinosaur exhibit with 60 real life Dinosaurs , Dino-Digs , Finding Gold and the big blow up kid toys @ the Fair Grounds . its only Friday , Saturday and Sunday . Im not sure how much it is , but Im sure kidz of any age would love it and its super nice out . GET THE KIDZ OUT OF THE HOUSE !! ; ) > 
Celery + Peanut Butter = YUM !! ; ) 
Man its beautiful outside . Perfect park weather . Getting over the winter depression crap . ; ) > Time 2 get beach ready !! 
Im having a very good day y'all!!! And Im so blessed to have 2 intellegent , funny , beautiful little gurlz ! 
Hot cocoa is the shit . If your lactose intolerant use Silk Original Soymilk ; it taste just like milk . ; ) 
I cant wait till Sunday . ; ) Starting 2 feel trapped by wood and plaster , Banging my hands against locks that are free ..... Can anyone save ME ?! 
Where is all this love that everyone says exists ? All I see is tear streaked faces and brows creasing in remembrance . 
I holt to jump to hope to sudden , letting it catch me in its whirlpool , dragging me 2 an undetermined fate with a smile on my face . If I start to once again dream of a < PROPFEMALE > tale .. Will I once again end up the lonely hermit beneath the bridge ? 
Im stunned right now .. I just talked to you and now your gone .... the world is missing a wonderful man and father . RIP < PROPMALE > Tom ... your going to be missed very much . 
Strawberry 
Not wanting tonight to come .. so hard to say goodbye when i cant talk to you . So many things I would like to say and ask , but you cant anwser me . It makes so sense for you to be taken so early , I guess some things offer o explanation . Ill see you on the other side slick ... Until then , you vacate a space in my heart . BB 
Raspberry and Strawberry . 
Raspberry . Strawberry 
Good-Bye < PROPMALE > Tom .... Today you were laid to rest and now I hope you can finally be @ peace . RIP love . Blessed Be 
Been think n about you all , all day .... Ironic how time goes by without you thinking of someone ... and once they are gone , you can not get them out of your head . I miss you Papaw , Grandma Grace , Uncle < PROPMALE > , Uncle Burnard and < PROPMALE > Tom ..... you are all missed so much . I can wait to leave the ones here that I love , but I can not wait to hold you all close again . Watch over us .... 
9 Deadly Words Used By Women 10K\ 
Share 
I was fine until I stopped by your < PROPFEMALE > , I was fine until I thought of the smile all over your face . 
Everytime I take a step forward , I get knocked back down . But , ill keep my head high and smile bright and scoot my big ass off the ground . ; ) 
In a < PROPMALE > Marley Mood ... 
LMAO My Personality App results ... crazy how much of it is on point . lol 
Got Mr. < PROPMALE > Marley play N ... and the smoke is blur N my vision ... waiting , waiting , waiting for that life altering collision . Run N2 Please .... Knock me off my feet . One Love 
Got Mr. < PROPMALE > Marley play N ... and the smoke is blur N my vision ... waiting , waiting , waiting 4 that life altering collision . Run N2 Me please .. Knock me off my feet . Lets fly 2 the < PROPFEMALE > and touch the stars ... Baby , help me free myself from these bars 
My Kitten ... Isis .. wont stay off my keyboard ! Grrr .... ; ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Day 6\ 
Without doubt , an auspicious day . It is good for intellectual activities , study , spiritual pursuits and also for searching for lost people , animals and things . It favours recovery and the restoration of health . The Vedic tradition especially recommends this day for building and anything connected with property . 
lol ... Jerry Springer is Hilarious ! 
Im so going to the gym in the morning ! 
Last time I checked , I didnt have these kids alone ..... 
Whys it have to snow ? My hairs all puffy now ! Hello Fro ! 
Kikis walk N around , with a bottle of Cheez-Whiz halfway in her mouth ..... Classic . Hah ! This chick really wont share-and I bought it ! Selfish , selfish , no respect for her elder .... smh 
Theres so many brick walls , everywhere I look .... and my soul aching for my innocence that was took . But Ill still grab onto the rope that hangs from the top , and even if I fall ... you'll never see me stop . 
Proud 2b Me !! 
I think I want to write for The National Geographic ..... 
In a complete dork mood today ... my brain is soaking up info like a sponge ... need to write ... need to write ... the pen is the needle , the words the drugs and the paper the high .. ahhh ... the wonder of writing .... more enjoyable and intoxicating then any drug u can throw at me ... Ill take my words over your poison anyday 
The website also has a pride page ... tons of pride T-shirts , license plates , mugs , etc . Go check it out 
How is that I get out of the car with 2 kidz ... and walk n2 the house with 5 ? Damn baybay kidz . lol 
..... my mind is exhausted from the storm of unanwsered questions , taunting me with untapped knowledge . Dare I think to hope that my dreams will lead me towards the path of my < PROPFEMALE > ....? 
Bout 2 watch \Twelve \"." 
Tears ... tears .. tears ... they never seem 2 stop . Why wont these demons from the past let me be ? Why dont I have a friend 2 hold MY hand ?... Why does the world feel so empty and lonely ? Tears ... tears ... tears ... torture me some more 
As you slide down the banister of life , may the splinters never point the wrong way . - An < PROPFEMALE > Toast 
Its crazy how on point my horoscopes have been .... scary . ; ) 
The One u just called fat ? She has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs . The One u just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Cant wait until this weekend ... Miss my couz and need a mini-vaca from < PROPMALE > . ; ) ..... and some mommy time . 
Running an hour behind ... forgot about Daylight saving time ... like only I could ... smh ... 
Mmmm .... steamed chicken with squash , zucchini , strings of peas , carrots , broccolli and peppercorn .... only 0.5 grams of fat ! So FN Good ! ; ) 
Feenin for a Tattoo right now ! Only a window before summer ... you have 2 have new Ink 2 bring N the summer dude ! 
Meant : Only a small window of opportunity before summer to get one , ; ) 
Was @ Greenlawn Cemetary visiting < PROPMALE > Toms grave and we drove all the way to the back to look at the Mausaliums ... theres whole familys back there from 1818 and tombs with the Freemason symbol on them . How neat is it to think of the people that came b4 us ? 
Watch N Maury ... to all the \ Men\ " out there who hit women and kids ... your a fn PUSSY ! " 
Anyone wanna come work out with me ?! I need to get my ass to the gym 
\When the last tree is cut 
How is it , that the 2 high school seniors I told about the freemasons , had no idea who they were ?! lol .... Did anyone watch the news this morning ? Our schools are now number 35 ... right above Croatia ( Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! ) 
HAPPY ST . PATTYS DAY EVRYONE !!! The best day of the damn year ! Just remember ; If you start talking and joking with yourself ... you've had to much . If you see more then one of your friend .. you've had to much . If you fall on your ass and dont feel it ... you've had to much . ; ) DRINK RESPONSIBILY and do NOT Drink and Drive people ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > are known for Fighting and Drinking ... Is it weird that Im Proud to count them in my Heritage ? lol . 
\ I didnt make any mistakes 
Something needs to change ... before the remaining edges of my soul become crazed . Theres a virus in my head and its taking whatever it chooses , but that smirk wont be on its face when it ultimately looses . How do I win again ....? 
In a tattoo mindset ... ganna go visit Greenlawn cemetary .... stuck in my head ... stuck in my thoughts . 
Wanting to get something together ... a group of people against drugs ... either a foundraser or recovering addicts going to schools and talking . We need to make a change people , drugs are ruining our generation , dont let them ruin the next 
Live Simply , So That Others May Simply Live . 
Grrr ... shpuld of took advantage of that Beautiful full < PROPFEMALE > over the weekend ... 26 more days ... Im prepared now ! ; ) 
Horrible memory ... theres like 2-3 peeps on my friend list that makes cakes ... if you do , can you leave me your number ? My moms looking for a cake for my sisters party . Thank you ! 
Someting has happened\ 
To my understanding of existence\ 
That now makes my heart always full of wonder\ 
And Kindness . \ 
~ HAFIZ The Gift 
My mind has stretched open a little wider everyday , closing the covers of my stories that keep me hidden . Slowly I ease my hand off the railing and dare to step forward . There is another me inside and shes begging to be set free , to have th < PROPMALE > to show what she can do . 
Working out with my baby , Kiki .... her new weird laugh is driving me crazy though ... sounds like pee-wee < PROPMALE > . Poor Kid 
Man ... Fitness Magazines Ab Clinch-It Secret Workout is the shit . You can seriously feel and SEE your ab muscles ... all of them ... working . Watch out y'all ... Im ganna have Abs of steel this summer ! Y'all know Supermans my brother right ? lol ... <3 U < PROPFIRST > ! 
HOT FLASHES !!! Damn Hysterectomy .. I feel like an old lady right now . smh .... \ 
On a good note ... kinda ... my Abs are Super sore ! Which means my hard work is paying off right ? No pain , No Gain Baby ! lol . 
Ganna chill @ home with my babies and watch mpvies ... puurrfect Friday night 
Anyone wanna borrow 2 sweet , beautiful , funny , innocent little gurlz ... lol ... maybe not innocent ... maybe not sweet ... damn it ! Who wants to come get these Monsters off my hands ?! lol 
They have the actual cars from Disneys Cars 2 @ Easton today from 12-3 ... take your kids if they dont hve school ! 
blah blah blah ... to cold to visit Greenlawn ... to cold to walk around the park .... Grrr .... sick of bn stuck inside . Sun , please come out and play !! 
I love getting amusment out of watching < PROPFIRST > Springer ... these people are Hilarous ! Seriously ... where did Americas common sense go ? 
Super nice out today .... anyone wanna join me and my gurlz for park time ? ; ) Cant wait for Easter ... Kentucky here we come ... damn I miss your beautiful green hills , clean air and your ability to make me feel renewed and young again . 
Going to Blessed Be with my mom and gurlz ... then take N my gurlz to the park . Yea ! Love this freak N weather ! 
Your missed everyday ... but today we will celebrate the time we were blessed to be with you and have you in our lifes . Toast to you < PROPMALE > Tom .. miss you homie 
Had so much fun @ Gantz Park w/ the kids , Cam , Miracle and Connor . \ 
Still pray N they find the ass that broke n2 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s moms house .... who does that seriouzly ?!!! 
IDK what you vbeen told , it aint the butterfly , its the tootsie roll .. ; ) > 
When your hroscope tells you something bads go N to happen ... well , you should probably listen . lol . 
Cant wait for this weekend ... get to < PROPFEMALE > out w/ Miracle w/out kidz ... WOW ! Didnt think that was ganna happen ever ! lol 
Had so much fun in KY yesterday ... hate when we have to leave there . My mother bought an awesome house on land she inherited ... its beautiful ! * Im pray N for you Bright Eyez-Keep your head up * 
