* starts to change clothes , and looks in the mirror * \I just took ADVANTAGE of myself ! \ " * Slaps myself * \ " Who do I think I am ?! \"" 

Having a stage name is like having a split personality .... I wonder ... If I married me , would I live happily ever after ? :P 
Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes . There's too much fraternizing with the enemy . 
I dropped a tear in the ocean . The day you find it is the day I will stop missing you . 
Haha , you know you are in love when his cheesy comments like \I would fight < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for you ! \ " still makes you go \ " awww ! \ " :P " 
I just gave a soda to a homeless vetran . Wish I coulda done more :/ 
When you feel alone , just look at the spaces between your fingers , remember that in those spaces you can see my fingers locked with yours forever . ( You know that warm breeze you just felt ? Its the kiss I blew to you .... ) But if you think missing me is hard , you should try missing you . 
I wish you were here but you're there ... And there doesn't know how lucky it is ... 
The sky has lost it's color , the sun has turned to grey , at least that's how it feels to me , whenever you're away . If a tear fell each time I thought of you , I would have a puddle of fallen wishes . Wishes that will one day be fact , consumed by hugs and kisses ... 
I don't want diamonds or the world ... all I want is for you to hold me and call me your girl ! Just when I think that it is impossible to love you any more , you prove me wrong and shake me to the core . If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you .... 
If YOU & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy & paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say ... 
is SO sick of the drama . She wishes that people would just grow up and quit being so dramatic , maybe then they could see the sky is NOT falling ! Sometimes I wish I could make the sky fall so that they would see how good they have it . 
Now MY sky is falling , I dont know what to do . MY world revolved around you , and now its split in two . :( 
She's in the top 12% of her state , and the top 20% of the nation ..... Guess who just got a 25 on the ACT ?!?! ( Still gonna retake it .... ) 
Why do guys find pleasure in playing with our hearts ? Then once we are addicted , they tear us apart . If only I could put him through what he did to you , he'd never have children , but I'd have done them a favor too ! 
Father time needs to hurry up , this is ridiculous ... MOVE OVER GRAMPS ! * pushes him of his Tredmill of Time , and runs like crazy ! * 
I love it when you call me your girl ... and not in the loser possesive way , but in the proud , tender whispers that send chills down my spine . :) Love you Trev <3 
I love you . I love you . I love you . Any questions ? 
NOBODY messes with my best friend . If you do , you better live near a hospital and have GREAT medical insurance . 
Lightning struck last night , about 100 ft up the hill from my house . It hit a salon and a friends apartment . It is ALL gone . All that remains are the charred bricks . Pray for < PROPFIRST > , whose apartment was above it . 
When it rains it pours .... BOY does it pour ... :( 
There are 3 facts that argue jesus was a woman . 1- He fed a crowd of hungry people when there was no food . 2 . - He was trying to get a message across to a bunch of men that just DIDN'T get it . 3 . -Even after he DIED , he had to get back up cause there was more work to be done ! AMEN ! 
If anybody needs me , send me a post card : \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Peterson \ 
InHisArms Paradise Lane\ 
CantGetEnny , BetaDenDis \ 
Zip Code : L0VN H1M ! \ 
( Hint : Sound the words out . :) ) 
I am back home from seeing him .... its official , we're engaged . I have my ring , and we are planning the wedding for the end of this year ..... SO excited !!! 
People make mistakes ; if we threw away every < PROPFEMALE > that had a thorn , our garden's would be pretty bare .... 
< PROPFEMALE > slept in my closet last night .... with the door closed . NOW I believe in monsters .... :P 
Life may not be the party you were looking for , but while we're here , why not dance ? 
You will never know how much I love you , simply because nobody has invented the words to describe it yet . Lets invent one .... I know ! I choco-love you ! Chocolate goes deeper than love .... lol ! 
just wants to close her eyes until this all \ 
blows over ... gone are the good ol ' days when all we had to worry about \ 
was which color of chalk to use on our driveway ... 
If you would not have adversity visit you twice , listen at once to what it is teaching . Remember , tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven . 
Those tears you cry when you think no one can hear ? I hear them . They may as well be broken glass , the way they tear me up inside . 
Time passes so fast when your not the one living it . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you . 
Its always darkest just before the < PROPFEMALE > .... Moral of the story ? Don't be nocturnal ... :P 
Never thought I would say this , but I can't wait until school starts . I just want to get the High School chapter of my life over with . October , please come soon ! 
Wow , its getting close to our anniversary . Has it really been that long ? Its so cliche , but it feels like just yesterday when I was just beginning to believe you weren't a dream . I love you Trev <3 
\Hey that guy is getting pulled over ! Its an old man with a beard . \ " Little Sis : \ " What did < PROPFEMALE > clause do ? \ " Other little sis : He is always stalking people and breaking into their houses .... \ " :P " 
Girl : \Mom 
Genie : * poof * I shall < PROPMALE > your hearts desire ! \ 
Man : I want a spectacular job -- a job that no man has ever succeeded at or attempted ! \ 
Genie : * POOF * .... your a housewife . 
Attention Citizens ! NOTE : Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , monday evening . He was charged with battery . 
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals ; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants . 
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain . 
\Marriage is give and take . You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway . \"" 
I have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- but I don't always agree with them . - < PROPFIRST > Bush 
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement . 
\Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . \ " \ 
Can't wait to get my last term of High School done ! My expected graduation date is Oct . 15th , 2010 . Hello , next chapter of my life ! 
Today was a big stepping stone for me . It brought closure and peace to a matter that has troubled me for years . My debt is paid . My heart is whole again . I can forget the past and look forward to my dawning future . What a beautiful horizon .... 
Finished almost an entire course online today ... by the time I graduate , I will have lightning fingers . I'm already typing 56 words a < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I got hired . WOOT !!! 
S(he ) be(lie)ve(d ) </3 
You know , when your heart falls at a million < PROPMALE > an hour , and your just wanting it to hit the ground all ready and make it stop ? Yeah , thanks to you ... 
Omg , I love the residents where I work .... never mind that one of the 82 year olds thinks she is a 23 year old cheerleader who cant find her uniform ... lol 
So tired ... just think of that first pay check < PROPFEMALE > ... lol 
Hi ho , hi ho , its off to work I go .... :P 
OMG , so I took my sisters to work today ... they entertained the residents for me AND cleaned .. HALLELUJAH 
Its my day off ... what to do , what to do .... Laundry , clean my room , and homework all need to be done . But all I wanna do is sleep ... 
Hold on to who you have now , one day you might lose them and then you'll wish you held on tighter . 
Take the third letter of your name and make a word describing me . Copy and post this to your status . You will be amazed and how many response you get ... Have fun 
I know I am late , but today is the half way < PROPFIRST > between me and my bestest friend's 18th b day's!!! Happy Late Birthday Katie-Bug , and happy EARLY b day to meeeeee ! WOOOOT ! 
I turn 18 in 3 more days . . . Fate's gift to me ? The wisdom to know when to leave , and the strength to do so . 
Your untouchable , burning brighter than the sun , and now that your so close I feel like coming undone . In the middle of the night when I'm in this dream its like a million little stars spelling out your name ... <3 
I only have 10 hours left as a 17 year old ... WOO ME ! 
Ok , I'm officially 18 now ... :D 
Waiting for my GED scores ... fingers crossed ! :) 
Cheerios . Amazing . 
Lucky Charms and Cheerios should have a baby ... It would be < PROPFEMALE > nut cheerios with marshmellows in it ... we could call it ... Marsheerios !!! :P 
Sometimes we have to cut our own path through the darkness , no matter what anybody says . I am not cutting my path for any reason other than my own . Freedom is calling my name .... 
Ok , I got my GED scores back , and I am in the Top 1% in Science , top 30% in writing , top 20% in Reading , top 12% in math , and I got an overall score of 3010 . I . Am . Amazing . 
i am in love w my phone ... god bless verizon wireless !!! 
Finding my own way ... Say what you will , it ain't gonna stop me ! :) 
March 25th ... <3 
Support me or keep your opinion to yourself . Please and Thank you . 
less than two weeks to the beginning of forever now , lovin life , my job , an my fiance . :) 
9 days to go , down to just paying for the hotel for the honeymoon , and his suit . MY dress will be here friday . :) I will take lots of pics for those who cant come ... 
ok its all coming together now . next week will be crazy busy ... :) 
Mon : Pick up marriage license . Tue : Backdrop prep . Wed : Tables and Tux pick up . Thurs : Backdrop/centerpiece set up . Fri : Wedding . Hair , flowers , make up , cake , last minute details , dress , walking down the aisle at 5:59 pm . :P I won't be able to wait until 6 ! :P 
Monday ... day one of project \Scramble . \"" 
i cant wait for friday !! tmo is my last full day as < PROPFEMALE > peterson ... :D 
Well , we signed for our mattress yesterday . This means once we finish the payments , we no longer have to sleep on a twin bed . YAY US ! :P 
Tomorrow is pay day .... Mattress payments , phone bills , apartment security deposits , car fund , and my popcorn addiction have already eaten that paycheck up . Bone-appetite ! 
Well , off to another long day at work .... hoping the little buggers actually SLEEP during nap time today .... jk , I love my kids ... :P 
