Wooooo New Years Eve ..... I'm really not that excited 

C'mon now people it's 2010 let's make it a point to not use the word swag(g ) anymore ..... You know who I'm talking to . 
Currently watchin OSU VS . Ole Miss ...... I'm going for OSU ...... Hopefully this is a better game than last night ..... 
Woooo Go Panthers ...... Matt Moore for starting QB next year 
Yea my brother just bought Modern Warfare 2 ..... its time to go in on some people 
Back from the movies .... Just saw Avatar ... It was a really good movie 
Watching Animation Domination ... Getting ready to laugh my butt off 
For all you non-knowing people the Letter of the Day is N and the Number of the Day is 0 
Someone answer me this ..... Why is Cailou's head so big ?..... it reminds me of somebody I know .... HeHe :) 
About to play Modern Warfare 2 wth my brother .... We about to go in on some bad guys and save the world 
Beat the Modern Warfare 2 campaign mode last night .... Now im about to move on to multiplayer online and beast on some people 
About to start working on a new drawing ...... 
Just got finished watching District 9 ...... it was a very interesting movie 
Just woke up and there was a mysterious christmas present on my computer stand ...... I think < PROPFEMALE > came a day early , old age must be getting to him 
You can learn alot of things from videogames ..... For instance I just learned that if someone throws a grenade at you it would be best to run away and not try to throw it back at them 
Just came back from the movies .... Saw Sherlock Holmes ... It was a great movie ..... Sherlock Holmes is a BEAST 
Tip for the night : When you don't have any bullets left in your gun use the rocket launcher , hilarious things will happen 
Woooooo GO PANTHERS !...... Wooping the Giants butts 
Back in my day if we had a problem with somebody we'd handle it on the monkey bars with our feet , nowadays people handle it in bathrooms with their fists ....... Whats up with that ? 
Tip : Killing with kindness doesn't always work , thats why you should always < PROPFEMALE > a knife 
I just had an idea , more endangered animals would be alive if they had rocket launchers to protect themselves with 
Working on my new drawing .... It's coming along nicely ... Gotta finish the designs though 
Somebody tell me why i got a paper cut on the fry carton at McDonalds , it hurt too . 
Haii ...... at least we got 7 points on the board ..... who scored ... Marcus Lattimore must have astral projected and ran for a TD 
O . h dip < PROPFIRST > Maddox just scored ..... Marcus Lattimore done possesed his body 
O . h well iton matter we still gone be SEC Champions next year ..... maybe National too 
2011 Baby ....... It's officially time to GET IT IN I repeat it is time to GET IT IN .... O.D. know wht I mean 
Man the Ravens are whooping the Patriots A-word .... Who would of thunk it 
Im Free Im Free ...... New classes next week .... Wooooooooo 
C'mon people what is up with this whole wanting to look like < PROPFEMALE > Minaj thing that's going on ....... Just stop cause you're not ever going to look like her ..... SMH 
Back from the movies ..... Book of < PROPMALE > was a great movie ..... Denzel Washington is a beast 
If you don't want your friends to help what else is there for us to do ........ Sometimes I wonder why I even try ........ then i realize I try because im a F-wording good friend . 
Just got my report card in the mail ..... Passed all my classes like I knew i would 
Woohoo I'm back in business ..... Just got a new phone ...... Unfortunately I done lost errbodys number ...... so If you got my number text me so I can get yours 
Did anybody else notice there is an owl on the one dollar bill ..... you gotta look on the shield shape surrounding the 1 on the side with < PROPFIRST > Washington on it ...... thats crazy 
Hmmm .... remember this ..... don't drop M and M's on the floor cuz you'll just end up hitting your head on the computer desk 
Since it's 2010 I'm going go bring back the word personality ........ Anybody wanna join me on my crusade ? 
GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
Yea ...... Saints Won 
Who knew it would be so easy to finish a lab report ...... I need to do this stuff earlier more often 
Wooo outta school early ..... time to do stuff 
O . h its snowing ......... im gone run outside butt-naked and make a snow angel 
O . h ish the snow starting to stick .... its a Christmas miracle 
Yea son ..... I'm bouts to have my first snowball fight .... Im bouts to be like a Snow Ninja 
Just came from outside ....... had the most EPIC snowball fight ever ....... and we built a snowman ..... Imma put up pics and a video later prolly 
Im about to go beat my brother ....... in a bowling game ....... 300 here I come 
Somebody please tell me when did it become so hard .... Why do you have to work so hard for it now ..... HUH !!! 
Man it takes alot for me to do that ... Almost died of fear just now 
You can catch in the sky flying with the lemons , you can catch me in the sea swimming with the lemons 
She said I was different as i looked into her eyes For once i felt like i didn't need a disguise As i looked into her real eyes I begin to realize That she was the truth and she would never tell me real lies 
Wooo .... I am officialy a beast in chemistry got a perfect 100 on an interim in a science class for the first time in my high school career .... c'mon people school is not that hard 
You know they say you gotta crawl before you walk and walk before you run but if your a sea creature you can swim as soon as you're born ...... Think about it 
Well I guess it's truly official now < PROPMALE > Peppers is not a Panther anymore he's now a Bear , C'mon 
somebody tell me why I wake up and there's no cereal in the cabinet .... AHHHHH .... now i gotta eat pancakes 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > just disappointed me ..... How they make mediocre food when it's nothing but mexicans in the back ... they should be able to make some extra good food ... c'mon now 
Haha hilarious ...... somebody tell me why < PROPMALE > Mysterio's son is way taller than him 
If Nice Guys Finish Last Then I'm The Leader In The Back 
Hmmmm after listening to little freak for about the twentieth time and looking at the lyrics i finally get the last line in < PROPFEMALE > Minaj's verse .... 
O . H YEA !!!!..... my brother juss came home with God of War 3 .... it's time to go in ..... like no lie 
I Can Be Your < PROPMALE > Charming ..... But You're Gonna Have To Imagine That My Bike Is A Horse 
Girl Put Your Hand In Mine And We Can Fly Into Forever .... Unless There's A Storm Then We'll Have To Stay On The Ground 
I Can Be Your Mr. Right I'm Just Waiting On You To See .... You're Looking In The Wrong Place When You Should Be Looking At Me 
Despite the fact the they are from Clemson ...... Tigeroar did a bang up job singing them songs .... Kudos to those guys .... Clemson Sucks .... That is all 
If All Guys Are The Same There Was A Glitch When They Made Me ... I'm Way Different But That's Something That You Can't See 
Blindside was a good movie ... Kinda makes me wanna go play some football now 
O . h ish did anyone else know that there is an actual real life pink dolphin .... thats so cool 
Back from the beach finally .... Next time imma drive cause asian kids like to drive fast in their Hondas 
It's hard to find the one when you ain't looking but you always find something when you ain't looking 
You know what they should make Ebonics a foreign language ...... If they did that more black people wouldn't fail their foreign language classes and then we wouldnt have to explain what \f*cked my money up\ " means to asian kids " 
Juss got back from watching Kick-Ass .... it was beast .... Hit Girl was a f*ckin beast ..... I wanna be a superhero now so from now on call me NAPTIME .... If you know me you'll get that 
About to slide off to the movies and see < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland 
Back from the movies .... ended up seeing Date Night which kinda sucked ..... O . h well it was a fun adventure anyway 
Whoo juss stopped my dog from murdering a baby possum and then i watched it not move then move for 20 minutes ... 
Damn son < PROPFEMALE > got some sexy A*s legs ... need proof ..... watch the video for her song Ride ..... all i gotta say 
Yea niggy I am now the owner of a Driver's License son ... got it with a perfect score .... Time to go nowhere because I don't have a car 
somebody tell me why dark skin girls are now startng to refer to themselves as \ brown bones\ " ...... smh c'mon son ....... iton even work like yellow bone or red bone ..... they juss wanna be included ... be original please " 
lil mama g slide 
Backf rom the movies ... ended up seeing Kick-Ass again but it was still cool 
Go Go Niggy Rangers !! 
I got way to my cars in my driveway ! I got boats ! I got planes ! N*gga I'm paid ! 
Wooooooo AP Psychology is Unofficially Officially over ....... Now im Going to go take a nap 
Back from my cousins recital and lunch at California Dreaming ... She beasted on that dance 
Dang boy you know the dipping sauce is good when it makes you steal the last chicken nugget from your kids 
Somebody tell me why the McDonalds in Wal-Mart ran out of ice .... the worst part is Wal-Mart sells ice ... smh 
Back from hanging out with the parental unit .... it was fun i think im addicted to Marble Slab ice cream now ... ion kno 
Question of the day : Can I be your Boob Zombie ? 
Hmmm Blue Raspberry Four Loko doesn't taste as good as it smells .... O . h well 
Im saying this here and now ...... I will not look three months pregnant like Gucci and Waka Flacka ..... I will lose this gut even it it kills T-nugget 
I Want A Girl That Will Lay With Me And Stare At A Lava Lamp for Hours \ 
Without Saying Anything ... 
And I Wish That This All Was A Dream , Your Crotch Looks Like A < PROPMALE > Doll In Them Jeans , And Theres No Why I Should Be Able To See The Imprint Of Your Knees , And Them Jeans Make You look Like You Got Big Feet ...... STOP IT !! 
Dang boy i either make some really good chili or i got a tape worm cuz im on my third bowl and still want some more 
If You Ask Somebody A Question Then Go to Sleep You Can Wake Up To A Yes Or You Can Wake Up To A No Either Way You Wake Up .... 
Shake Weight .... GET ONE !!! 
Back from weightlifting an hour ago ..... It was a good start off to the summer I feel like we're going to whoop ass come August ..... Niggy ! 
Do The Church Dance ...... :/ 
Yea nice to see the word promoted in big black letters on my report card ...... and I came out with straight A's 
Back from football practice ..... got the car for 3 days .... its to hot imma stay in the house ..... or am i ?...... i am its to frickin hot 
My Pockets Are A Third-World Nation I Need To Feed Them As Much As Possible ... 
Lolz ... pirate language ... is rather cool ..... they need a nigga language setting .... now that would be hilarious ... and slightly racist ..... im juss sayin 
me and my friends are labeled as being \white\ " because we : 1 . Don't sag 2 . listen to rock and country 3 . are nice 4 . use proper english .... so if we are \ " white\ " for doing that then are you saying that every white guy that : 1 . sags theirs pants 2 . listens to rap/hip-hop 3 . uses the n-word and slang is black ..... c'mon son it's 2010 ya'll need to stop with this race stuff .... smh ... seriously " 
I need you to rescue me from my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Yesh Gamecocks off to a good start ....... I feel a repeat of last night is in order 
WOOOOOOOT !!!!!! GO GAMECOCKS !!!!!!! CHAMPIONSHIP NEXT !!!!! \ 
......... why can't we do this in football ...... smh 
Hmmmm I like black-haired Eminem better than blonde-haired Eninem because black-haired Eminem is less crazy and a better rapper 
Why do I wake up and my momma knocked out on the couch with the door wide open ...... somebody coulda just walked in and robbed da known 
Just rememer kids ..... words of wisdom are lost on ignorant minds 
I juss saw that ' chocolate wasted ' clip from Grown Ups for the first time ..... i admit that sht was hilarious but i'm still not gonna say it ... #truewordformation 
Yeaaaaaa ... running round the house yelling Gamecocks for life .... nah I'm not but still I'm hella happy they won 
Yea Gamecocks .... Ion wanna game 3 so they betta get this ... 
GAMECOCKFANS * ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ LETS GO COCKS ? LETS ? GO ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤LETS GO COCKS ? LETS ? GO¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ LETS GO COCKS ? 
Yea nobody can beat the COCKS .... lolz thats funny 
Tell Me Is There Anymore Room For Me ...... In Those Boy Shorts ;) 
Yes .... those pants make you look fat\ 
No ... I'm not gonna take it back\ 
Yes .... this is a cupcake\ 
No .... you can't have it .... thats why those pants make you look fat now 
I like that closer song by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > it's pretty cool ... and that tell me you love me song by Leela James .... rap is ghey now im moving on to soul and R&B and rock 
Thought of the day : Why when females are hurt by numerous men they want to become a lesbian but when dudes are hurt by numerous females they just take a break from females ..... I mean even if you become a lesbian females cheat too so it's not gone be no different except the hardware between they legs ..... so c'mon stay straight for the rest of us non-cheating guys 
Alright I got a 4 on my AP Psychology test .... i thought i was gone do bad and I surprised myself ... haha 
just got back from the movies ... Inception was a spectacular movie ... I give it five stars ... makes me want to go to sleep 
Dang that wind outside blowing something fierce it broke the whole top off the tree outside my house and it was inches away from hitting my brothers car .... lolz that sht was heavy too 
Ugh ! my heads filled with cow meat and Ion wanna go to camp tomorrow ... you know what that means ...... MOVIE NIGHT !!!! 
Damn I guess it's off to football camp I go ..... I feel like it's gone be a pretty good week and we gone get things done .... but imma miss my phone .... O . h well 
GO GAMECOCKS !!!!..... I feel a < PROPMALE > upset coming on ....... We did it they can too 
Yea I knew It was gone happen ..... Ingram and Richardson aint got nothing on Lattimore hes a beast .... GO GAMECOCKS !!!!! 
Hmm I suppose I'm going by myself then ...... O . h well 
Ask me a question in my inbox and I'll answer it in my status 
First they in the car now they tryin to get in the house ...... Dang lizards 
watchin The Last Airbender ... this movie is horrible ... they ruined a ballin a*s show 
I never fall for the wrong type ... I just trip into the wrong girl 
Damn ..... I had so much fun tonight ... Hooters has great wings lolz 
O . h dip its snowing again in SC ....... this gone be a recurring thing I think 
Wtf .... I thought FOX was the home of the BCS National Championship ...... Wth is it not on there then ... Imma punch FOX in the face 
The real zodiac signs now that the Earth has moved :\ 
\ 
Capricorn : < PROPFIRST > . 20-Feb . 16\ 
Aquarius : Feb . 16-March 11\ 
Pisces : March 11-April 18\ 
Aries : April 18-May 13\ 
Taurus : May 13-June 21\ 
Gemini : June 21-July 20\ 
Cancer : July 20-Aug . 10\ 
Leo : Aug . 10-Sept . 16\ 
Virgo : Sept . 16-Oct . 30\ 
Libra : Oct . 30-Nov . 23 \ 
Scorpio : Nov . 23-Nov . 29 \ 
Ophiuchus : Nov . 29-Dec . 17 \ 
Sagittarius : Dec . 17- < PROPFIRST > . 20 
Why has Lafe ' Figgars never been to the circus until today .... because he always wanted to challenge the strongman to a bench press contest but he was to scared 
Everybody get ready to see what < PROPFIRST > Sixty-Six < PROPFIRST > is gonna wear all week tomorrow . Muahahahaahhahaahhahaahha 
Who am I ? 
