today is our last day of freedom !!!! Noooo !!! 

I went to DQ for the 2nd time this week !!!!!!! 
I found a $50 on the sidewalk !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just got back from my cabin ; it was sooooooooo boring , and i'd rather be at fun fest . 
I wish it would stop raining . And for the humidity to go away !!!! Forever !!!!! 
Three days until I go to Duluth !!! 
Two days until I go to Duluth !!!!!!!! 
I'm going to Duluth in 1 1/2 hours !!!!! So excited !!! 
I just got back from my cabin . I was on the North Shore for 5 days and it was < PROPFEMALE > much fun !!!! My aunt got me a new camera !! It was a great week . 
Right now I'm babysitting . There really cute , but its freezing here !!! 
I had to go to the eye doctor . I hate stupid eyedrops that dialate your eyes . I hate them so much !! 
Just got back from my cabin it was so hot there and I got 20 mosquito bites . 
Going to the fair tomorrow !!! 
The fair was really fun , even though it was rainy . The food was awesome . 
The school weeks finally over !!!!!!!! 
So sick of school . already . 
is going to the twins game tomorrow !! 
Don't you hate it when you have to do something you don't want to do ? 
i finally got my new books ! i have been waiting forever ! 
just got home . so tired and had to talk to waaay too many people today . Don't you hate it when people you don't know know you and talk to you ? 
We had a school lockdown today . It was weird , and our bus didn't come till 4 cuz the other schools were locked down too . There was a robbery at the Holiday , and they didn't get the guy . 
i'm so tired 
we lost . 1-0 . i hurt . it was fun tho , and they were all shorter than me which was awesome !!! i like feeling tall . 
My dog just got a bath and it was so funny watching her . But now shes all fluffy and wet . 
I can't wait till tomorrow so exited !!! NYC !!! 
In less than 5 hours , i will be in New York City !!!! 
New York City is so awesome !!!! Love it !!! 
Finally back in Minnesota , but New York was good . I had a cold or something but its better . I spent a ton of money on clothes and our hotel was awesome . 
Went to the doctor . I have bronchitis or pneumonia . Worst day ever . 
I love the snow !!! 
Just got back from the fundraiser/ conferences . 
I hate math homework 
< PROPMALE > potter 7 was sooo good !!!! i can't wait for part 2 to come out !!!! 
Got locked out of my house and had to walk 2 very , very cold blocks . Pure awfulness . 
we're free !!!!!!!! no school !!!!!! 
Just got back from shopping which was a LOT of fun . I saw lots of people i knew . Now I'm like broke 
Just got home , got a ton of homework and there was a gas leak at my house , I guess , so I had to go to a neighbors . 
We have a mouse in in our house !!!!!!!!!!! 
so the mouse that was in our basement got \dealt with\ " lol it died by committing suicide ; it went into my dogs water bowl and drowned . out of all the ways to die " 
i hate it when my computer crashes 
I really should be doing homework ................... but I < PROPFEMALE > don't want to . 
Going out to dinner with my family to celebrate my birthday !!!! 
Just got back from pf changs- it was fun 
just finished science fair !!!!! yay , i thought it was never gonna end 
i just got home went shopping forever 
todays already a bad day i hav strep 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!! hope everyone has a good one !!! 
I got a phone !!!!!!!! 
Hanging out with the family 
Babysitting 2 little boys so cute 
Going to the movies to see true grit 
Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone has a good new years < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Thank God science fair is over !! Forever !!! 
Shadowing at de today 
I love chocolate cake and I hate climbing ropes 
Its < PROPFEMALE > cold outside 
yay the tests are finally done !!!!! it only took 3 hours 
Whoever invented school should suffer 
Thank god its the weekend 
Yay my phone works again !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ski trip !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love < PROPFIRST > lanz\ 
-syd 
The ski trip was fun but now I'm super tired 
I hate shoveling !!! 
I love floor hockey !!! 
Freedom !!!!!! Kind of gotta work the carnival 
Eye appointment tomorrow :( I hate scary ppl coming at me with eye drops !!!! 
Shopping at rosedale !!!! 
Chillin with syd < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... movie marathon 
Bored 
The ulimate breakfast/ lunch is 2 donuts and a cupcake 
The one day we actually hav homework I hav to go to the spring concert and I can't do my 2 projects :( 
