I love my sisters ! Go Greek ! 

second day of the fourth visit to the hospital with my mom =/ 
has done absolutely nothing all weekend except read a book assigned at the beginning of the semester ... 
I hate presentations ! 
Loved the < PROPFIRST > Centennial Dinner ! Congratulations guys ! 
always waits ' til the last minute to go Christmas shopping ! 
:P I have work in an hour and a half ... fml 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
6 days til i'm 21 !!! yay ! 
I love all my AGD sisters ! Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . Probably doing something this whole weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > Fiasco and B.O.B were Amazing ! 
Oh how I regret checking my grades this morning ... 
Just got a tan ! I'm trying to get summer ready for Hawaii ! 
is on her way to Hawaii ! Finally ! 
I hate sunburns ... but I love Hawaii ! Sucks that I got one my first day on the beach . 
My bartender said he'd do < PROPMALE > if he wasn't so delicate , he said he likes to be the girl ... I love Hawaii ! 
BFF : do you like cake ? \ 
ME : I love Cake ... and brownies too !!! \ 
BFF : no fool the band ! 
girls night at lavo ! 
Here's a ten now shut the fuck up ! 
Is right with < PROPFIRST > ! 
OMG ! I was literally an inch from getting destroyed by a bitch in an SUV because she didn't look and she still tried to talk shit . Fuck ! I was scared ! 
its like I had the chippendales in my room , I knew what I wanted to do but I didn't know where to start . - < PROPFEMALE > 
Man is the only being who knows he is alone . 
needs a change ... 
Starbucks , I give up on you . damn you for running out of bagels , and then damn you for getting bagels and running out of cream cheese ! 
They should have tranquilizer guns on airplanes for children who decide they wanna cry like they got the shit beat out of them the entire flight . 
I just waited an hour to get my hair cut FIXED from thursday ... I came home and realized I don't have my house key ! fml nobody's home ! 
Don't go to < PROPMALE>'s , refuse to wear the hat , then wonder why you're getting a lap dance from a half naked overweight man named Taco . 
Why does God always take the best people in our lives ? 
Hey everybody we're probably extending the car wash until 8 or 9 pm so if you can't make it til then that's fine we'll be here . 
Thank you so much to everyone that came out and supported our cause , we really appreciated it . My family will be out there again tomorrow so come get your car washed , same place . 
Rho Gam Retreat !!! 
is having a sleepless night ... too much on my mind 
Tried sleeping with my retainer last night after after years of not wearing ... ouch :( 
Getting my hair done ... kinda impatient . 
Hard day today ... in the end the people that matter were there for me . Funny how there's some people you think will be there for you no matter what and they let you down :( 
My teacher says confusion spurs learning because we must decipher what he teaches . Well the problem is deciphering what he's trying to say through his accent not what he's trying to teach . 
Tailgate ! Whooo ! Enough said . 
Random radio listener : You burn only burn 200 calories during an hour of sex . Host : How do you know this ? Random Guy : Googled it . 
Worst line : So how old are you ?.. 21 ? Oh I'm 27 . At least I'm not old enough to be your daddy . I was only 6 when you were born . ( awkward silence ) 
Stoney's wooh !!! 
Maybe they didn't forget you . Maybe they just never cared . 
Well I guess it would be nice , if I could touch your body . I know not everybody has a body like you ... 
Finally done with day one of recruitment ! All I want to do now is sleep . 
So proud I'm an < PROPFEMALE > Gam ! 
Can't wait for the tailgate tomorrow ! 
I dig my toes into the sand . The ocean looks like a thousand diamonds , strewn across a blue blanket . I < PROPFEMALE > against the wind , pretend that I am weightless and in this moment I am happy , happy ... 
I like it on the floor of my room . 
How'd it get so cold all of a sudden ? I need to unpack my sweaters already . 
I'm on a bus !.. it's not a boat . 
Crush was pretty amazing ... like always . I love my sisters . 
Drake + Weezy ! + Bird Man + < PROPMALE > = Awesome good times last night ! 
Being alone on Christmas is gonna blow ! 
Have to leave for work in 20 minutes ! Ugh I just wanna stay home . 
AHHHH ! Finals ! I don't wanna study ... ugh ! 
Oh Mexico , I can't wait ! 
NEVER fly Continental Airlines EVER ! 
Oh < PROPMALE > , What do you have in store as you hold me here against my will ? 
