Teach me a lesson ? You're not my parents ! My parents are DEAD ! I live with Auntie Em and three creepy uncles who are pawing at me everyday and telling me how pretty I lookin in my checkered dress ! Teach me a lesson ? How dare you !!! 

Looking through friends pics from back home and realizing all the things I've missed out on ... :-( 
sitting in east point in my undies eating cheeseburger < PROPMALE > 
Love can rear an ugly head every now and again . How do I know this ? When you meet someone you genuinely have an interest for , how easy do you think it is to spot the \red flags\ " when you are wearing \ " rose-tinted glasses ? \ " Think about it . " 
Oooooh .... myyyyy ..... Gooooooooood ! I'm really frickin ' excited . I didn't know this would be happening today ! I'm exstatic . She is going to come in here ... And think no one is here ... I don't know what she's going to do when she sees the balloons ! And we're hidden ! 
My tongue hurts from talking so much . Just kidding , it was from hot soup . Just kidding , it was hot cheese . Just kidding , it was hot cheese soup and it was really expensive . Just kidding , it really wasn't that expensive and I don't really have a tongue . Just kidding ... just kidding ... just kidding ... 
I'm always on the go . Go , go , go ! Up at 4 with the baby , out the door by 6 , on the air at 9 . And the crazy part is , I'm supposed to look good doing it . That's why I use Tressant Supreme . Tressant Supreme is this fantastic deep moisturizing intensive hair color with natural highlights and just a little bit of crack cocaine ..... And I love that its all natural . Except for the crack cocaine part ... 
Don't forget to check out my poems in My Notes ... I have posted the pieces I am most proud of . Enjoy . 
If Jesus died and then was brought back to life , wouldn't that make him a zombie , by definition ? Just food for thought . And that's even funnier seeing as how zombies eat brains . 
I love that in today's world we can simply block out unwanted trash from our inboxes and walls with a click of a button . Don't you agree , < PROPFIRST > ? 
Please check out my latest Note . I mean , like , right now . Stop reading what I'm saying here and just click on My Notes . That means you . I'll wait right here for you to check it out , comment , and then come back here and tell me what you think . GO ! lol 
Please go to my notes and check the new shit out that I put on there ! 
Isn't it strange that when we R presently going thru something tragic or sad , we feel totally & utterly alone in just about everything- feelings , thoughts , instinct , actions even . But , yet , once we've made it out of the darkness , & we finally build up the courage 2 speak about those dark times 2 others , do we actually find that @ some point or another we all have a similar story- thus finding supprt & relief . 
Please everyone needs to go check out My Notes section . I would really like to hear everyone's comments . Thanks . 
You know what ?!?! I have a huge bone to pick with all of the application requests that ask me to sign my name to a petition to harness an American's right to free speech . The proverbial straw that just happened to land in between my humps ... Find out in Notes ! 
