OK , so PDG gold downloaded and installed .. and its 0346 in the morning ! Damn time zone switch ! Studying starts Monday ! Hmmm Tech ! 

Its a good thing today was not a work day for me , as there was a glitch with Iphone alarms .. Mine never went off for today . heres hoping it works tomorrow like they say it will ! :P 
loves her jj 
loves my friends 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes ! :) 
It will all work out in the end .. 
knows her future ! and its great 
ok ok , i got nothin 
How come you can have so many different emotions run through your head at one time and still feel like you know nothing ? Stupid Stupid ... 
Let me know , do i still got time to grow ? Things aint always set in stone . Let me know , let me know . 
Can you human traffic a heart ? Whats the price to get it back ?? 
So I give my son some advice today and i was like holy shit , I think i should listen to myself ! Crazy when the words of wisdom come out . 
Focus , Relax , Breathe , Faith 
Focus , Relax , Breathe , FAITH 
Off to Germany ... the next chapter begins 
Thx to my fam for sitting at the airport for 3 hours ! crazy dogs , and lots of bags . Seeing Aiden and his pop pop cry was rough ! miss you < PROPMALE > ! 
in germany ... trying to focus and breathe 
inprocessed the SQ . im officially here 
New iphone and snow in Germany . Now just need the new 3 series :D 
spent 8 bucks on a cab ride to the bx , then i find out there is a shuttle for TLF that does it for free ! oh well . Aiden got a new toy besides his DS , YAY ! 
So , need to go look at houses so I can get out of TLF right ? How do I get to them if I dont have a car and cant even drive until I get my USAEUR license , on the 17th ????? 
Really wishes she wouldve called the daycare lady yesterday . O rtalked to her when she picked up Aiden , even though the kids were sleeping . Just tried her and the permanent spot was filled yesterday !! She was nice and Aiden liked it . WTH was I thinking ?! This blows . There is no one else around Ramstein base . Have to look 15 minutes away now , and hope the CDC spot opens soon !!! 
Pretty sure I found my house in Germany . These things go like crazy over here ! 
Good day in germany , but my new town looks like the Boonies ! lol , oh well ! its cute ! 
ATROPHEX MAKES ME HAPPYYYYYYYYYYYYY ! 
SO , CDC daycare price = 368 a month , Home providers and < PROPMALE > economy = 460-580 ! CDC is full , im screwed ! 
YAY , passed the < PROPMALE > diving test , so now its time to learn how to drive my stick rental !!! :P 
OK , redo . passed the < PROPMALE > DRIVING test , now its time to learn to drive stick , thank you very much :) 
I feel like I have been running around all day , when i was only out from 10-2 . It was the damn stalling in traffic circles and red lights with 6 cars behind you ! ALL on a base where I have no idea where im driving ! Hope tomorrow is better 
OK , the search for a sitter is still on , stick wasnt too bad today and I really want to know whats up with my stomach . I cant eat or do anything without feeling nauseous ! Stupid < PROPMALE > stomach bug . 
Prolly should be driving this damn stick more huh ?! 
All finished my homework , movie and wine time before bed ! :) 
Everything is finally falling into place ... comms are open ... now just missing one thing ! ;) 
Ok , time to calm down and relax . Took the dogs out to pee , left the house key upstairs , Aiden sneaks out and follows , AND closes the door . Automatic locks ... Luckily I had my car key on me and my ID . So me , Aiden and the dogs pile into the car and drive to billeting to get a spare . AND its the wrong one ! So back we go and get another . But finally inside and hour and stress later . That is all . 
Had a good girl's night , even with my drawing on my face ! :P Who wouldve known there would be that many cool girls in one place 
Blue's monday , and a broken rental car . stupid starter , yay for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
One more day and I get my house ! Guess Im doing furniture on my own ! :P * you know who you are ! 
Happy Easter !! 
So bought the kid a portable DVD player in the < PROPMALE > economy AND forgot about DVD region codes .. Does NOT play US DVD's . Back to Saturn it goes . Thank goodness for laptops ! :) 
So bored in this house with nothing to do ! 
So my road is narrow as hell and there was a car parked on the middle of it ... so reversed into a lil spot w a ledge . Some guy outside is pointing and speaking in German .. pretty sure I just got yelled at ! :P 
So TMO movers just finished , didn't want to unpack but they did :) now I have a room full of stuff to put away ! 
Best way to start a morning heading to work ? Doing 100 on the autobahn !! 
Got the tv and ps3 hooked up to a transformer and me and the boy are watching the sandlot , sitting in one pappillion chair . Good , fun times ! :) 
Easy tear cheese pouch for kraft < PROPMALE > n cheese .. almost broke my nail and tooth 
FINALLY has internet ! just took me an hour translating < PROPMALE > line by line on my iphone to figure out what to do for registration on the telekom site ! celebration time by visiting some pages and shopping ! :D 
missing something 
VIN number for new 2011 BMW ? CHECK ! :D 
Tell me why my rental car , which is parked on my hill driveway w/ the e-break up , rolled into my neighbors car ?! No damage tho ! pheww ! 
Very fun night at the Landstuhl festival . Aiden loved it . Thanks Kat !! 
well its almost another monday . fits my mood exactly . 
sometimes you just gotta let things go , even though it hurts . heal yourself before you begin again , right ? you will only become stronger .. 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for making me dinner . 
If you dont know ME , dont pretend you can anticipate my feelings or know what im thinking . Those that do , Im glad to be able to call you my friends and I can count you on two hands . But the main spot hasnt changed and it wont . Thank you . 
If I breathe , I can make today a good day .. 
Oh my , Facebook from work ... All I can say is wow 
Yay !, feels so good to pick up weights again ! Low weight and reps but it's been since December so it's a start ! :) 
ok , so two crappy things right now . sucky slow < PROPMALE > dsl internet ( need to go see them ) and Aiden's fake ol cryin in his bed 50 minutes past bed time . Oh yea , fun times :) 
Just don't know 
Don't try to watch grey's anatomy with a 5 year old , they ask to many questions for a doctor show , and if I'm gonna get back in shape , I need to stay away from all the < PROPMALE > bread and pretzels !! :P 
Right now I'm gonna go tell the state if Ohio I'm not carrying an id anymore , because everyone should know who I am ! * for you < PROPFEMALE > ! GLEE !! :P 
Yup 
Nice day in Germany , putting together a bunk bed , but still , something is missing 
........ 
So finally finished bunk bed after me and < PROPFEMALE > had to make a couple holes of our own and got a knock on the door . Seems one of the kids let < PROPMALE > out and he was down at the soccer fields with a bunch of Germans and food ! what a Sunday ! 
Why is it my emotions are relegated to the back of the line ? Where's my concern ? Seems my Daruma is taking a break .. 
At least I can breathe 
The < PROPMALE > weather is fickle like my moods right now .... :P 
Can I sleep like Rip < PROPFIRST > Winkle until my future is decided ? Just give me the end result so I can press ... 
This silence will be deafening , heavy enough to crush . 
This time tomorrow , I will have a gorgeous Blue 2011 BMW sitting in my rainy < PROPMALE > driveway ! 
My BMW has arrived ! 
OMG , < PROPMALE > ate an effing dead baby bird that I didn't want to pick up . In two bites . I heard it , it was gross ! 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > for making master under 11 years ! Good girl , your friends and family are proud !! 
It's been a good week :) 
So made my first phone call while driving in the BMW ! Pressed the voice button , said phone book , kat , they asked call kat , I said yes and I got Kat !! :P 
On my way to < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids :) 
Home from < PROPFEMALE > ! Now to see what the dogs have done .... 
Happy 5th birthday Aiden < PROPFIRST > Olsen ! The best man in my life , I love you ! 
So stupid < PROPMALE > Internet is not working and I can't find anyone at Telekom that speaks English . :( I don't know how to fix it .. Thank god for my iPhone 
Meh 
So I miss pedicures in Korea ! So much more expensive and no frills in Germany ! I miss the hot towels and leg massage . Oh well ... 
If you work through all of your todays , the time will go by before you know it . And the future is totally worth it ! :) 
Sitting at ikea with a bunch of stuff while my friends go pick up a rental truck . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and Mash !! 
It is what it is ! 
Two things : just saw a dude in a dress suit on a moped . SUIT UP OR SHUT UP ?! And just discovered a short cut on ONE of my driving detours after two months . Now each way is four minutes instead of ten ! 
Pushing forward to the inevitable , progress is good ! 
MEH ... 
MEH .. 
ROCK BAND !.... CHYEAA ! 
Watching The < PROPMALE > Horror picture show with < PROPFEMALE > after pizza at Moni's! :) 
Off to Frankfurt for Greek and Cirq de Soleil ! 
Can I fast forward through all the crappy parts of the movie to get to the happy ending ?... 
No Words 
All the obstacles are worth the reward in the end 
Can someone please tell me the plan ? Cuz for the life of me , I cant seem to remember . 
its like those big trucks you dont see coming .. only you kinda did , just thought you could make it . 
Sooo .. Last night I was doing a homework paper on a pathophysiological system . Took me 20 minutes to even figure out what that was !... 
Off on my mommy and Aiden date to lunch and a movie ! 
Death by Spider almost happened in the car ... But I got him first . 
Its amazing Im not bald , with all the hair I find in my drain ! gross , I know ... 
Still have a battle wound from dodgeball .. Darned Disney princesses ! 
BBQ was good times ! Now off to Ikea and Commissary with the boy . 
Just let it be and let it go ..! 
Tonight seems like a good night to clean the floors in heels while listening to Beyonce ! :) 
Just got the biggest full body workout ever .. Chasing dog through 3 yards , jumping 2 fences , then carrying said 30lb dog back over fences and yard .. in sandals and I got a < PROPMALE > horse ! 
Mmmmm .. Cantina !! 
Hmmmm 
Just had a soda and it was amazing ... Dr. Pepper to be precise . 
British rappers are hilarious but I love the song be good to green ( mr. Green ft < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) . He looks like the slightly dorky boy who is a crazy drunk w tattoos ! Haha 
Hmmm 
Just had my day made by my < PROPMALE > neighbors and their friends . I let them use my extra parking for 3 days and I come to a bottle of wine , choc and a note on my door . Totally fixed my down south mood :) 
So , < PROPFEMALE > has been in Germany for a year and a half and JUST NOW got that ausfarht sounds like ass fart ... So what was the point of all those jokes about that word ?... ohhh ! 
Tattoo time 
Sooo , kinder has only been going for two weeks and I already have to go in for a parent teacher conference because he is diseuptive in class ! Find out how severe next wednesday !! 
Sitting at bakery after dropping Aiden off at school . Mani/pedi in an hour . Least it's a day off ! 
Blizzak lm25 run flat tires w/ BMW rims ordered :) 
So I remembered this morning that NOT having my reflective belt on would be a crappy thing during the inspection ... hooray shiny yellow plastic ! 
95 . WOOP WOOP . 
Got an \A\ " on my school paper that I thought I knew nothing about " 
So ... My kid decides today he wants braces ! Lol ! 
Getting ready to watch the league 
Code word : this weather sucks ! 
Half a paper done on the microbial metabolic/environmentla growth of salmonella enterica done ! Now just gotta do the same for stapylococcus aureus !! :P 
Haha so I'm reading cosmo and it turns out it's the bachelor edition .. they asked them if they manscape ! I find that hilarious and that some said no ! Ewww 
MmmMmm ! Chicken tenders , fries and .. Wine ! LOL 
Hooray !! No flu shot for Aiden . He got the mist and still asked for a sticker ! 
Too much taco , appetizer sampling and fried iced cream ! All topped off with a mango < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ok . New Kanye West and < PROPFEMALE > Minaj . Aaaaahhh ! I'm a motha f @ckin monsta ! :P 
So Aiden just says \mommy I'm going to stab my weiner w/ my gun ! \ " . I say don't do that and his response ? \ " why not ?! I'm the boss of my weiner !! \"" 
Wishes people would own their shit :) 
Oh ikea , how I love you ! You take my breath away ! :P 
Sooo I've had my beautiful 328i since May and I just now found out you can't open the gas tank when your cars locked .. N there I thought it iced over for about three minutes ! :P 
Maloneys has real toilet papepr ... The harp doesn't ... 
Another weekend down and 21 days until me and Aiden go see the fam ! Shopping , Vigilia , Christmas and food ! Swiss Colony sissy ! 
\Im on a diet but my pockets eatin chEESECAKKE !! \"" 
Well , Aiden and I put up a few meager Christmas decorations I bought today but it's a start ! This living room finally looks like a place you would want to be ! Tv , couches set up , us and the dogs ! :) 
So get to CDC to get Aiden and they call him on the walkies to sign out . Nothing . They say maybe he's outside . Tell them nope , saw him on the ramp inside when I got here . Start to get mad cuz they're taking forever and didn't call him again . As I'm asking should I just walk room to room , he comes out of the bathroom ! He was in there for the whole time , 10 minutes ! 
The only laugh from my homework on SARS and characteristics of viral infections : Viral infections may spread through air , water , food , through skin contact or through sexual contact ; such a spread is called horizontal . \ 
How bad is it that it actually amused me ?? 
Ivvhhjxjemjcmx cmzmxnf !!!! 
B_ _ _ _ _ _l 
Oh the joys of having a day off work but still getting up at 0600 so you can take your kid to school . * sigh * 
Just carried a 36\ old school tv from 2002 . From the basement out into my car . Thought I was gonna hurt my poor babies door ! I'm pooped ! Lol " 
No more lies , I can see them through your eyes , One day we will see the master plan , but right now all i know is , I CAN 
Haha ewww !! I totally threw my phone in the garbage when I was cleaning ! Just had to go outside and dig in the garbage bag ! Thank god it didn't fall down to the food nastys ! Was with a bunch of papers ! 
So , sandals I couldn't find since I pcs'd here in march .. Tht I left in tlf . Just found em in a small spot in suitcase ! Yay . Here's to waiting 5 more months to wear them ! :P 
So , landstuhl closed it's main gate and trying to get off ... pause ( happy ?! ) ... Is super hard . But I totally by passed a crap ton of cars 
Nemo's not very fond of the smoke alarm ..... 
Thanks < PROPMALE > Davidson for introducing me to FAILBOOK . COM LMAO\ 
and to Breon M < PROPFIRST > for showing me how to put people's names in my status ! hahahahaha 
Gonna make pizza for dinner with Aiden ! :) 
\You got me thinking twice to just breathe . But i got a couple a tricks up my sleeve . I know longer need your attention . At ease . \"" 
Off to the airport for a trip home to the states . Thanks for all your help < PROPFEMALE > !!! <3 
Made it to B-more about 2 hours ago . Had to get settled and access to internet ! :) 
Side swept bangs or no ?? 
Has a phenomenal < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > song in my head 
Hahhahahahahahha ! All I got ! :) 
Deserves the best ! Nuff said ! :D 
\You're my devil 
Toast for the Douchebags .. on repeat in my brain 
Last full day in the states 
Just made it back to Germany :) 
Got a new corkscrew . I can actually open wine bottles now ! It is my new best friend 
Welp ... Whatev . 
Test Date : 17Mar11 . Not too bad ! 
Aiden and Mommy's first ever trip alone in Germany ! Off to Koln on Sunday ! :D 
Back from Cologne with Aiden . We had fun and he became a photographer :P Now its time for me . for real . The season needs to change ! ;) 
So , studying PDG Gold , and was super excited to see a question about my current job as the RA ! I got it right :) 
\I THREW IT ON THE GROUND !! MY DAD IS NOT A PHONE !! DUUH ! \"" 
When did I cross the line that cleaning my car became therapeutic and relaxing ?! I love my car :) 
Someone may have went on a eating spree and consumed FOUR Berliner donuts .. I'm going to regret this in about an hour . And on Monday , it won't happen again ! 
MEH . 
Holy throwback .. Listening to the Korn self titled album and loving it 
SO ! I was super excited to find out its bulk trash pickup . When exactly ? I dont know but my neighbors have been putting stuff out all day and the next village has tons out ! So i empty my basement of all my remaining junk from HHG storage .. YAY !!... 
Phenomenal workout ! The dumpster divers came back , glass of wine and I'm happy . All and all a good day !! 
11 months in Germany and I FINALLY have AFN ! :P 
I'm more than just a number\ 
Hey , Hey , Hey\ 
I doubt you’ll find another\ 
So every single summer\ 
I be the one that you remember 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! On FB and at work ! :) 
AGAIN .. \ 
' I'm more than just a number\ 
I be the one that you remember ' 
Tickets purchased ... Off to Rome in 20 days !! 
Who gets teary eyed at the end of Nanny McPhee returns ?! This girl ! Lmao ! 
MEH 
< PROPMALE > wine and Drake 
So just made an awesome dinner . Had no idea what I was gonna do . But three together whole wheat pasta , chicken , garlic , summaries tomatoes and < PROPFEMALE > oil ! Delicious !! 
So . Aidens in the shower , listening to Drake ; miss me . All of a sudden Aiden goes < PROPFEMALE > Minaj ?!?! Is that his girlfriend ?! She sings too , ya know ! 
O . M . G ... So hyper ... Damn you atrophex and me just being awesome at my job ! It still has me pumped ! Maybe this wine will help me out . :P 
....................... 
Baby you're a firework .... 
\you so anti dont not matter .. you so you so anti .. \"!!!" 
Just realized tomorrow is Valentines Day ....... 
So it's valentines day and I'm gonna love myself and be conceited ! Yea , I'm hot , what ?! :P happy valentines day to meeee ! 
Good day :) 
Wine and study time !! 
* SIGH * Pretty car again !! :D 
Tour of the Vatican booked ! 
Meh .. Whatever 
Life goes on ... And I go to Rome 
Annd were off ! < PROPFEMALE > in two hours !! :D 
Back from an awesome trip in < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Wonderful Day !! :D 
Totally proud of my 60% on my first pdg gold review test !! 
:D \ 
Whatever whatever and that means yay !! :) 
Chyeaa !! A 91% on my second practice test !!! 
\There's a fire starting in my heart 
Wow .. Watching jersey Shore for my first time ever with Jayd Presnell-Keating ! 
The best part ? I'm not even angry :) \ 
My life has moved on and I realize it took me with it ! :) 
Stupid people make for stupid lives , and jealousy of other people makes for some very sad haters . Check ya own shit first bitches ! :P 
Tech test tomorrow at 0730 on St. Party's day !!! Hope I got my < PROPFEMALE > luck on my side !! 
Done :) \ 
With so much ! 
So here is my evening with 3 kids .. Catch < PROPFIRST > say he's making out with a girl ( and him and aiden are playing military ?!?! ) . Aiden says your making out ? In the military ??! And now < PROPFEMALE > is looking through my v . secret catalogue telling me which girls are hot ! And she's four ! Lol . She then reminds ms that < PROPFIRST > likes hot girls . 
Haha so my five year old just asked me if I knew < PROPMALE > and the Hendersons !! Haha WTF !? 
< PROPFEMALE > just had to help < PROPFEMALE > Mechler find where she parked after lunch by driving her through the parking lots . I love my best friend :) 
My house is moved !! Thank you to everyone who helped meeeee !! :) 
Sleeping in my car while I wait for FMO ... 
First time ordering Taoramino's to my new house :) 
\Welcome to the danger zone \ 
Just got my first ever spray tan with < PROPFEMALE > Churchill Mechler and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Griffin !! :) 
So , Aiden just puked in the middle of the KMCC ( bx ) in front of the < PROPMALE > restaurant !! Lmao . But there was a nice guy en route from the sand who helped out . Strangers can be awesome sometimes . And this was my first public puke !! Hahaha 
T-ball ! Pictures soon !! 
So I feel like such the soccer mom , only with t-ball .. I helped coach Aiden's first practice and I volunteered to make the snack schedule .. and actually enjoyed it .. WTF ?!?! Lol .. 
PLANT DOWN , PLANT DOWN !!! ... aww it broke ! 
Voldemort can suck it !! 
\finally 
Aaahh ... Homework ! Two classes annnnndd ..... GO ! 
I forgot how many bugs were in Germany once the warm weather starts .. 
So I just get informed by Aiden that the only reason he ever said he hated lil Gabbi Garcia is cuz < PROPFIRST > sings Aiden and Gabbi sittin in a tree every day and he doesn't like it . But he swears Gabbi hates him and wanted me to call her mom and see if it was true ! Sooooo cute !!! 
T-ball opening day begins 
First four papers for my two classes turned in . Module 1 down , 4 more to go .. 
SANDLOT !!!!!!!!!!! 
Awesome day ! Ran , tattoo idea finalized and Bombay with Barndee !! :) 
Omg . My lawn became a forest .. I need someone to mow it 
\Like a jersey 
annnd .. Friday , go ! 
So , fell asleep on the couch with Aiden and < PROPFEMALE > , watching deathly hallows . Everyone slept til this morning . Enter Chocolate croissants and movie finishing time . 
I am drawing a blank with this homework .. 
OMFG I HAVE INTERNET !!!!!!!!! i know its only temporary , this damn router and they havent set mine up yet but i can do things !.... 
I just ate a chocolate filled donut .. wtf .. I hate you Ammera El Sawi Schmidt ! :P 
It's official . Aiden inherited his momma's allergies . Icky eyes and all . He just got his first eye drops and nose spray prescription . 
