Is bored to the extreme : The internet ! =p 

has a confusingly amazing secret that no one will know until after the fast . Don't worry , it's not bad . 
is excited cuz the fast started today ! Target building here we come ! And my secret .......... 
just got back from watching kids at church(in the infants for the first time ) and now im not looking forward to a night of complete BOREDOM ! 
Is so BORED ! I want to SLEEP ! 
Just got back from church and it was AWESOME 
is FACEBOOKING ! DUH ! 
feels like shes dying ...... it HURTS ...... make it STOP !!! 
Is worn out from RUNNING AROUND WALMART trying to help < PROPFEMALE > get everything she needs ! 
is tired and thirsty . WATER ! 
just woke up and is feeling motivated . Can't wait til saturday though ! 
is going shopping !!!!!!!!...... at ....... walmart -.- 
is possibly going to a Mary-Kay party(note the possibly -.-) 
is bored 
just got back from < PROPMALE > E . Cheese . I hate that stupid rat ! He freaks me OUT !!! 
Is finally ungrounded . It's about time ! Four days of torture =p 
Bored to death . Ugh . Argument paper not fun . I will do it TOMORROW . Bleh ... 
Done with school , and did not enjoy it . Big surprise . Time for ... I don't know . I guess I'm a loner -_- 
Bored to death . Well , almost . At least I have not encountered any staircases or anvils yet =p 
just watched Cirque Du Freak and it was AWESOME . I want to read the books now ... 
Finally on , and getting off soon . Nothing to do , dinner at grandpa's , and headache . No surprises there . 
So bored . I think I might write ... need inspiration first !!! 
just got back from the board game tingy at the library . Key words ' at the library ' . I got to read =D 
Listening to music XD 
Wants a COOKIE ! Gimme !!! 
Still wants a cookie -_- 
likes to spin around in circles . 
I am NOT depressed . Go eat < PROPMALE > mints . THEN tell me I am depressed . THAT'S RIGHT ! Gosh I am bored .. 
Listening to awesome music . Switchfoot FTW 
It's late ... more people on now than 2:00 pm . Goodbye FB ! 
I am the Mad Hatter . I am green fire . I like Facebook quizzes xD 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really ... likes ... to read things about . I pay attention when I get a day off school :) 
I made an inspirational collage today . It's going on my wall . It's supposed to inspire me . I hope it works . 
Going to Famous Daves with < PROPFEMALE > today because my birthday's on Monday , so I have school , and tomorrow is Easter . Varietous weekend . 
I'm tired tired tired but not quite sleepy . 
Not the best birthday , but watching kids included playing the Wii Fit ... ah well , grandma gave me a 50$ gift card , and mom hasn't given me her present yet , so hey , there is an upside ! Plus lots of sweets and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in Literature class today xD 
Say gullible really slowly- it sounds like green beans ! 
Jeesh , haven't been on FB in forever . It's so weird now ... lol . 
Bored on a Monday . I wonder , is it only today , or is it foresight into the week ? 
-is so hyper it's scary- Finally dug into my halloween < PROPFEMALE > . o.o .... I was a cupcake ! Didn't get any pictures though . Sad . Would've made an awesome new profile picture . 
I got my school done so early today ! Now it's chores , haircut , church ... -sigh- Busy busy . 
I can't wait til we start making the pies . And til tomorrow , obviously . Woohoo . Turkey and pumpkin pie . 
Today was awesome . Cause I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my awesome < PROPFEMALE > cousins , because we got Thanksgiving left-overs that tasted that much better than they did yesterday , and because I just feel so happy with my life- but especially , ESPECIALLY , because I got a bag of mini York patties . Yum . 
is content and happy and reaaaally wishing her voice would GET BETTER ALREADY . Siblings are playing Rockband . DDDDD: 
I am seriously considering blocking Frontierville . It's about all I ever see on here . 
You know what ? I'm never EVER going to do that Status Shuffle thing ; I think I'd rather come up with awesome statuses myself . 
