Happy New Year ! 

I've got a lot of people to catch up with and a lot of things to get done first . Good to see you all ! 
I go to get the keys for my apartment tomorrow morning ; what a relief . I even have a co-worker giving me furniture . The second step of starting over is completed . 
Have a fabulous festivus and happy holidays ! 
I am not going to be celebrating with the family this holiday season ; it's better this way . 
Yet more proof that corporations use the Protocols of the Elder Zion as a handbook : http://www.rense.com/general69/gotpz.htm 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
survived my first excursion of beer pong ; 0-3 , but it was a good time . Can't wait until New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My lifestyle might be a joke compared to yours , but at least I walk with my eyes open . 
I had a great day at work-payday is tomorrow ! 
I'm feeling more hopeful every day ; now I just need to pin down what to do next . 
Happy birthday to me ! 
I've finally nailed down the plot for my book . Finally , after at least eight years of world creation and parable construction , I am finally ready to begin writing my masterpiece . 
Odi et amo ; excrucior . 
I had forgotten what it was like to talk to an intellectual equal . 
In my walk , sometimes I stop and take a rest , but I never go backward , and I never regret the path I decide . 
I see a chinese buffet in my future . ^_^ 
I just want to help < PROPMALE > get a battery and gas for his truck , something to smoke , and some damned Chinese buffet ! 
74 iPhone apps downloaded and organized , Zobomaze's Steadfast Giraffe added to the playlist : AWESOME 
106 iPhone Apps and counting ; I admit it , I am addicted-big brother sinking it's claws into me never felt so good . 
Do not believe just because you have heard it , it is spoken and rumored by many , it is found written , on other's authority , or for the sake of tradition . REASON 
141 apps and I am done-with the free ones . :P 
The foolish man built his house upon the sand ; the wise man built his house upon the rock ; < PROPMALE > laughed at them both as he floated by . 
I figured out how to delete straight off the iPod ; Paper Toss is alright , but I'd keep Beer Pong before that . Favorite games atm : Zombie Farm and Draw Slasher : Dark Ninja Pirate Monkey Zombies ?. Yes , I love zombies . I have four other games that involve zombies . 
I found an awesome site : archive.org; downloading live shows . 
A free contest to win Bonnaroo tickets ? Hells yeah ! 
to know the future is to be trapped by it , but knowing of a trap is the first step to avoiding it . 
I love my iPod Touch-absolutely loathe iTunes . I commanded it move a < PROPFEMALE > , not re-sort my fucking apps to it's whims . 
Speak out against the < PROPFEMALE>'s gun control plan : http://www.nagr.org/ < PROPFEMALE > _lp_survey2 . aspx ? pid = 1 
Speak out to keep the Internet free of corporate control : https://secure.freepress.net/site/Advocacy?cmd=display&page=UserAction&id=437 
I've decided to run for President in 2020 : I am starting my campaign now . Be on the look out for my < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am ranked 3007 out of 8.7 million Urban Rivals players ; it's only for the week , but I've only been playing for 4 days . Check it out-I play on iPod , but they have a Facebook app ! 
I have an interview Tuesday ! 
Who among you has degrees in medicine , business , or accounting ? 
Broadband companies can now block you from visiting sites , stop you from using applications like Skype , and force independent media makers to pay added tolls or risk not having their content delivered . They can thumb their noses at Obama's plan to connect Americans . This decision takes control of the Internet away from its users and hands it to companies like AT&T , Comcast and Verizon . It's that bad . 
Full Metal Alchemist : Brotherhood Episode 52-best episode from either series , hands down ; animefreak.tv 
Hoping to wake up to a call for job orientation ; Im crossing my fingers . 
Waiting for the \you have a job\ " call . " 
No job for me .... 
Slapping the word retro on a game with shitty graphics just makes me think of ET for Atari . COCOnoid-now there's a game worthy of the legacy of Pac Man and Donkey Kong . 
Nikola Tesla : someone I relate to more every day . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikola_Tesla?wasRedirected=true#section_4 
I won a $1000 online shopping spree ! 
I've decided to spend a large portion of my online shopping spree @ menswearhouse.com and i like these four suits : jones ny black , jones ny taupe tic , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > white , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > brown . Go look and comment here which one you like best 
How long must I be a sun without a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I can't help but hoot and holler when I'm watching a good anime(Gundam 00 , at the moment ); it just fills me with joy to see such complex sociological concepts in such an easily absorbable medium-it's instills me with hope for the world . 
The Book Nook threw away a LA-Z-BOY because the reclining lever broke a little ; I carried it about five blocks to my apartment , and it is awesome . I am going to collect comfy chairs : couches and loveseats take two people to move , and they are SO 20th Century ! XD 
Taking a break ; Book Nook threw a decent wicker loveseat away too , so I've lugged it to my house . Now I just have to get it upstairs to my apartment .... 
The loveseat is up , furniture rearranged-I'm going to pour myself a glass of ice water , smoke a cigarillo a lady gave me for donating my coffee pot to her(I can't start drinking it daily again-tweakin ' ) , and start watching Episiode 6 of Gundam 00 . I went back and grabbed a small dresser , too . It makes a decent nightstand . Did I mention I moved this stuff five blocks in FLIP FLOPS ? I am HARDCORE . XP 
Reassessment of what to do with the online shopping spree that I won : I need a motor vehicle , and I can get something in the 2-wheeled variety for under $1000 easily . Going window shopping : it's a pun-get it ? I am using a web browser ... all hail the < PROPMALE > of geeks . 
Up to episode 14 of Gundam 00 ; I found a sweetspot in my bedroom to pick up stable WiFi , so now I dont have to wait for vids to load . Heading to WorkOne after lunch to apply for UPS . 
I was told UPS would be hiring more people soon : I checked the listings , and it seems that it's not time yet . Oh well ; since I'm here at the library I'll muck around online . I just watched the latest FMA : Brotherhood @ animefreak.tv: totally awesome . 
Nightmare : two prison guards murder an inmate and somehow I witness this . I take them down , Batman-style , but the cops never show and they escape . Then they start taking friends of friends(Nick < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Taylor-I you guys show up , a woman in your group is kidnapped and you try to help ) . Never caught them . I need to remember to get license plates , and I need to start getting in shape again . 
Got an iPhone/iPod touch/iPad ? Join me on IMO , a free to play , Zelda-style 2D MMORPG . I just started , but this is the best mmo I have found . 
Seikon No Qwazer : so let me get this straigh t-t he hero is an incarnation of God that drinks breastmilk ( out of ... the tap ? ) to power his alchemy ? The Japanese are seriously twisted . 
It's all bullshit ; all I can do is stay positive and hope that UPS will post the job listing soon . 
I know I would make a great husband and father but I'm a terrible provider ; I might as well have AIDS and leprosy for as undesirable as I feel . 
I just about had to beat down a hoodrat ; I should have called 911- damn woman is going to have to kill someone before she stops OWI : hopefully it's not one of her kids . Cool neighbors with fucked up relatives-it's always something . 
I want Chaos Rings for my iPod touch ! 
My gay friend threw me a handful of condoms today ; I might be depressed , I might not have been with a woman in 30 months , but is casual sex the answer ? I've never been good at making that happen .... 
Wow , I am on edge ; Id sell my microwave for a pack of smokes and a dime bag . If tomorrow goes as I suspect , Im probably going to break something , and I havent lashed out like that since I destroyed a coffee table 6 years ago . 
The best thing about being a cynic : you are never disappointed , and when you are surprised it's ecstacy . 
I'm filing chapter 7 bankruptcy-YAY !..... that is , if I can find the $299 for the courts . I highly doubt anyone in my family is going to help : I'm not invited to my own brother's wedding , after all . 
Filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy(no assets ) without the help of a lawyer is going to be a bigger pain in the ass than I expected ; I can still do it , it's just going to take me a while . 
Between Guyver : The Bioboosted Armor , Gundam 00 and Kino no Tabi , anime has said most of what I want to say ; the Dune novels cover the rest . There is NOTHING new under the sun : wake up , people of Earth ! 
After watching the first episode of rahXephon , I know that either Ive lived this life before , or God talks to the Japanese . 
Having a yardsale @ 427 s washington : it is just south of Park Avenue on the west side of the street . 1:30 pm to sundown . 
Sold some bowls and my Coke glasses ; people have been interested in the electronics and my < PROPFEMALE > , but no one has any money . 
iTunes deleted a bunch of my apps and won't let me install ones I bought from a PC . I almost got hit by a car yesterday and my brother got married without me . I'm so done . 
I've been struggling to get my life on course for the past twenty years , and I am sick of fighting . No one will tell me who I am , and only God can label me . I've never regretting anything but trusting another human . I move on by giving up : fighting has gotten me nowhere , and doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result is insanity . Why should I move forward if I am where God wants me to be ? 
I am being evicted on the 20th , but I am ready ... to go camping . \You have never been in love until you've seen the stars reflect in the resivoirs . \"" 
Just got a wisdom tooth pulled . My blood pressure was 117/67 , 52 bpm . I need to get these tabs .... 
Got to see < PROPMALE > early this morning while he was working at Super Test : hadn't seen him since the fourth baby was born . 
Phish on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? Hell yeah . 
Go youtube operation trojan horse . I find #7 especially interesting 
I will forever be conflicted between my hope that something is watching over us and the fear that I have to enlighten people on how humanity should watch over itself . 
Fanaticism is always a sign of repressed doubt . - < PROPFIRST > G . < PROPFEMALE > - 
Being evicted tomorrow @ noon ; hopefully things will run smoothly so I have everything ready to bike to the resivoir tomorrow night . 
http://www.puppetgov.com/2010/05/17/now-independent-thinkers-are-considered-diseased-by-psychiatry/ 
“The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw- 
Evicted at noon . Eating dinner then heading out to the resivoir . 
It would have to rain tonight . I was told I will be harassed if I camp @ the resivoir : I would cry if it would help . 
I have a safe place to pitch my tent : Thank God . I worked out for two hours @ 24hr F.C. this morning and I feel great . I am squeezing all I can out of the 2 week free trial . 
I don't know what is more upsetting : being conned by an old lady or missing out on two days of possible work because of it . 
Got my money , but didn't get shit else done ; toke time . 
Exercised hard last night ; started out with yoga , then low weight high reps to fail : fly , wide row , dip , curl , oblique , leg curls , fly , close row , calve , 10 < PROPMALE > on the elpitical , yoga , fly , underhand row , dip , curl , lat , oblique , fly then one more mile . Running good on five hours of ground sleep . 
Finishing Full Metal Panic ? Fumoffu ( silly as shit ) , watching something else until dinner , then it's off to the gym . 
Fumoffu ? was hilarious ; now I'm watching Samurai 7 . 
Two workout cycles done ; taking an hour to rest and going @ it again . On the throne @ McDonald's-gym doesn't give out it's WiFi . 
Vu < PROPFEMALE > de . 
I have become as a desert storm : nothing can stop me , not even myself . 
Last night made it official : the tent is rainproof . 
The more I come to understand , the less < PROPMALE > I have of ever being understood . 
Suddenly , I feel worthless . Lucidity or depression ? 
Code Geass : just what I needed . 
Compassion may not be in fashion , but it's all I have to wear . 
To enjoy good health , to bring true happiness to one's family , to bring peace to all , one must first discipline and control one's own mind . If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment , and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him . -Buddah- 
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill . -- Buddah -- 
I'm never going to The Other Side again : they booed Grateful Dead , and I did a good version of Truckin ' . 
The problem with dextrals is their overconfidence ; their lack of doubt is proof of their delusion . 
I now have 15 sets from Summer Camp 2008(bootlegged ) on my iPod . 
I never wanted to be a loner , but eventually we must learn to play with the cards we are dealt . 
I've decided to become shameless ; it's not like I have anything to lose . 
I stayed 2 nights @ the KRM ; I refuse to be talked down to like I'm some uneducated drug addict-I'd rather freeze to death this winter . 
Rare Earth is playing @ < PROPMALE > Park just south of downtown Kokomo , June 25th . It's a free concert : kickoff @ 7pm . I hope to see you there ! 
When others place impossible expectations on a man , he must redefine his goals and forge his own path . That way , at least someone is satisfied . 
Being a basket case for twenty years has finally worn me down ; I don't think I'll ever pull out of this . 
Over 10% of my friends changed their profile pictures yesterday ; what a coincidence . 
The wages of sin are hemmorhoids . 
If things work out , I am going to be a carny . 
Rare Earth is headlining a free concert this Friday @ < PROPMALE > Park in Kokomo , IN : come feel the funk ! Showtime is @ 8pm . 
It's hard to keep getting back on your feet when you always stand alone . 
Most days I can stay positive : today is not one of those days . 
Rare Earth is headlining a free concert this Friday @ < PROPMALE > Park in Kokomo , IN : come feel the funk ! Showtime is from 7pm-9pm , with Rare Earth going on @ 8pm . 
I am so excited to see Rare Earth play tonight @ < PROPMALE > Park . I will be there @ 7pm-join me ! 
Rare Earth goes on stage @ 8pm : I am ready to dance ! Come to < PROPMALE > Park ! 
The Rare Earth concert was awesome ; I danced up a storm . Pity none of you were there to see it . 
I haven't slept ; lots of drama last night , and babysitting this morning . 
Had to pick up camp ; luckily I had a place to take my stuff . Crashing with a friend tonight , setting up elsewhere tomorrow . Going hallucinogen hunting this afternoon . 
What an exciting week last week was . Thank God it's over . The 4-H Fair starts next Monday ; I am going to see if they will hire me to travel with them on Sunday ; if there's someone in that area that wouldn't mind me camping on their property Saturday night , it would be appreciated . \ 
\ 
ON A SEPARATE NOTE , YOU WILL LIKE ZOBOMAZE-GO CHECK THEM OUT ! 
My tires got covered in tar yesterday while I was riding out in the country ; replaced back with a cracked spare : with my luck it will to blow on me when I ride out to Greentown Saturday . 
Tire popped ; I guess I am going to have to walk to Greentown Saturday . 
Walking to Greentown tomorrow ; wish me luck . 
Had a ride promised to me this morning , but it didn't happen : going to get up early tomorrow and walk before it gets hot . 
Hopefully luck is on my side tomorrow . 
Working the fair : not guaranteed travel(yet ) . Lots of South African coworkers : good people . 
Bracelet day was somewhat hellish , and riding home in the dark was no fun either , but the worst is over . Payday is Thursday ! ^_^ 
Got nicked by a car on the way home Thursday night ; I am okay . Probably wont be traveling with the carnival ... :( 
Working the carnival was overall a good experience . I have to call in February \ 
to set up traveling next season : they didn't have bunk space . 
I'm\ 
out on the street again Wednesday : camping in the GHETTO ! I should\ 
really go try to get my job back at McDonald's to make it to February , but I am really finding\ 
it hard to care about picking myself up ; where would I stay if I did\ 
get my job back-the Mission ? I'd rather freeze to death , SERIOUSLY . 
Sitting here @ theVault leeching WiFi listening to < PROPFIRST > Jones , a < PROPMALE > snuck up and put his hand on my shoulder : it freaked him out that I didn't jump . \Having a Chevy Impala going over 65mph < PROPMALE > me on SR 22 didn't faze me-do you really think a human is going to ? \"" 
I've been studying the concept of a golem , and I it seems that it is nothing more than a metaphor for creating a religion ; truth has become death , and the world is doomed for it . 
Attention : just because I post something on my wall about my life that you would be complaining about , it doesn't mean I am . I choose to live as I do : why should I struggle to be a slave , when all freedom costs is a little suffering ? Having a good job , car , and nice house didn't bring me love or happiness , so why bother ? 
Always your whispers say that we all dream the same in the end : when it all breaks down , carving out your name in the hardwood of your tree full of ghosts 
I rode for a half hour in the rain earlier today : soaked is not an appropriate adjective-I prefer JUICY . 
Open up the gate \ 
Let my prayer rise up \ 
And I struggle every day just to get myself up \ 
For the force of gravity that keeps sinking my ship \ 
Time again one is bound to slip \ 
We rip through these days \ 
We flip through the age \ 
Survive stay alive we won't trip in the haze \ 
Lost in the maze \ 
I know it's just a phase \ 
But I dread it dread it dread it \ 
I won't let my life go to waste \ 
I'm a struggla 
\Freedom\ 
Working as a butler until carnival season comes back around . 
Got my hair cut ; getting up early tomorrow to go job hunting . 
\I think God leaves me alone to let me find my own strength because no one\ 
In and out of focus , time turns elastic . 
I've been hit by a strong wave of melancholy ; I never felt like this when I had nothing to lose . 
If only I could ignore the truth . 
There's nothing like 16 hours of sleep to get your head right . 
I should have continued my acceptance of being alone : looking for love always ends up making me want to put a gun in my mouth-fuck dating sites . 
My Mad Hatter sweet tea/biscuit and gravy store would own \The Great Food Truck Race \"" 
The plan : save up enough money to buy a decent camera with a mic to do a vlog when I travel with the carnival next season . 
Recovery from meth is possible-recovery from anime addiction is not , and is unrelated : stop attacking me with this ad so I can watch Kurokami . 
I just got told secondhand that I am not working out : I guess it's back to camping in Kokomo . 
I don't know where the sun beams end \ 
And the starlights begin\ 
it's all a mystery\ 
And I don't know how a man decides \ 
What right for his own life \ 
it's all a mystery 
Looking to trade my iPod Touch 64GB for a digital camcorder : anyone interested ? 
Today is the twentieth anniversary of my mom's death-not really a good day for me . 
Every battle hinges on the moment you strike . When faced with a mighty opponent , a true warrior will know exactly when that moment will come . At that moment , will you see it through , to whatever end ? 
I'm downloading OS 4 for my iPod ; I've already lost half of my free apps when I transferred to this shared PC ; I expect to lose EVERYTHING when I update , which is just shitty . 
I really like the new iPod OS : totally worth the hassle . 
Thought my USB cord gave out today ; turns out it was just a piece of mechanical pencil lead in the iPod side of the plug . Whew ! 
I am having a great day ; I got a lot done . 
I am going on a favorite rampage on youtube ; my channel is \wotanubis \"" 
My sandals have seen their last sunset ; after two months , it's time to put on the new shoes . 
Some \gangsters\ " tagged the house that I am camping in last night ; I think they\ 
\I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act ; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act . \ " -Buddah- " 
Thích Qu ? ng ?? c : now there's a hardcore individual . 
I need a new profile pic : I've got quite the beard going . 
Has anybody else noticed that the Triscuit air guitar guy looks like a young < PROPMALE > Geldof(The Wall) ? 
I am going to be up way past my bedtime-oh look , a beer ! 
$20 in groceries to whomever helps me to Wal*Mart and back with mine . 
Met someone new yesterday { ^_^ } 
Ready for The Tides concert this Saturday ; that's right-a free reggae in Kokomo 
Unless I come into some cash , I am looking at starting my vlog in November . 
I figured out the phone issue ; it was asking for cc info to activate autorefill . 
You're so complicated\ 
It takes prophets , poets , sages\ 
To decipher everything you say and do 
Four words > < PROPMALE > Lincoln : Vampire < PROPMALE > 
Tell me how it feels to know the government is selling our descendants into slavery with all the debt they have accrued . 
The KHCPL is moving back to it's Union St location . No PC time for a month . Good thing I have WiFi I can access with my iPod . 
The house has power & water . This 105 year old house still needs winterized though . 
The Tides @ < PROPMALE > Park from 7 to 9 , < PROPMALE > Mast and Barrel Of Monkeys w/ Loveless Root @ < PROPMALE > Thumb , 10 to 2 . Maybe I will see you there ? 
It is amazing how happy a person can be when they accept being an outcast . 
No vlog until December . I have decided to wait on getting a camcorder until after Thanksgiving : better prices and technology is always becoming obsolete . 
iNerd alert : If you liked playing Triple Triad in FFVIII , check out Arena 9 in the app store . 
Brother Willsey is back in K-town . Good to see ya , < PROPMALE > ! 
Sitting in front of the soon to be reopened library , charging my iPod from an outdoor outlet , facebooking on my phone to kill time . 
Hell is raging outside , little hobbits . By the time it reaches your Shire it will be too late . 
I might not bathe every day , but I NEVER smell like feces . This is a food kitchen-have some respect . 
Tomorrow is International Blasphemy Day-live it up ! 
The couple I live with got drunk again last night . He was alright . She walked into my room looking for the bathroom . NAKED X ( 
I doubt I will ever find someone who loves me more than I do right now . Being alone is okay now that i have stopped trying for a person that doesnt exist . 
In life it is not so much what you know as it is what you can understand . 
Dear God : the world is blind but you let me see the truth . The world clipped my wings so I learned to walk . The world backed me into a corner so I dug a hole . If I get flushed out there is nowhere to go . Please protect me in my time of greatest need . 
The house is secure and winterized . :D 
Visiting the newly renovated library . 
I paid $30 for a new phone card , and after I get online and add it to the phone it stops working . I can seemingly recieve text messages , but I can't do anything else . ANGER . 
I cannot accept society on it's terms . I cannot accept my solitude for all the serenity it brings me , but I cannot lower my standards . Is standing up for truth a flaw ? Am I not fit to survive ? 
Went window shopping for a camcorder today ; should be able to get a great deal come Black Friday . That's right , I plan on getting up @ the crack of < PROPFEMALE > to buy one thing . 
I have a SraightTalk phone , but I run on a Verizon network ? And it isn't working ? 
Geek alert : two decent RPGs on iPod Touch are free today : Caligo Chaser and Legend of Master N 
THE WORLD IS ALWAYS TOO MUCH . I AM GOING BACK TO SLEEP UNTIL I CAN HANDLE IT AGAIN 
Breaking my spice < PROPFEMALE > , thinking about The Tabernacle . 
It's a season for trying new things . Spice : smells like feet , tastes like fishfood , good for those who like cannabis but get urinanalyzed . Salvia : tastes weird but alright , smooth smoke , but I didn't care for the \trip \"." 
Can I afford a camcorder this month , or will I have to buy a pair of boots for the winter ? Either way , I am probably going to lose my phone for a month . Stay tuned . 
In our days we will say\ 
What our ghosts will say\ 
We gave the world what it saw fit\ 
And what'd we get ? \ 
Like stubborn boys with big green eyes\ 
We'll see everything\ 
In the timid shade of the autumn leaves\ 
And the buzzard's wing 
:( 
I could really use a hug right now .... 
The past few weeks have been really hard . My roommates finally got picked up for a PI , so things should be pretty peaceful for a while . Now if I could only find somewhere to do some laundry .... 
Ex-roommates drinking buddies stopped by to steal and scrap this morning . LUCKILY I was here . Landlord is coming to fix the door now . 
Thanksgiving was nice : thanks to the Craft family for inviting me . The webshow will start in Mid-December : I am considering giving up on HD . Also , I need to think of a new name for my youtube channel : I moved out of the tent so \The Tabernacle\ " isn't appropriate anymore . This month has brought a lot of changes ; my roommates aren't around to stress me out & I've got a new best friend . ^_^ " 
Feeling really awkward : I wish the knot in my stomach would subside . 
Depression is hitting me hard : i don't really care about doing my vlog anymore . It's not like anyone really wants to hear what I have to say . EVERYTHING seems so meaningless . 
My housemates are getting out of jail and will be back Tuesday . I AM IN HELL 
The pipes froze : how wonderful . 
Roommates came home from jail Wednesday night , so I left until Saturday : I came back to grab some clothes and they blame me for things that are missing and kick me out . Yeah : forget about breaking the front door , my being gone for four days and me waking up to your drinking < PROPMALE > trying to steal the water heater the morning after I came back . 
Why is the world trying to break me ? If I could cry right now it might help . 
My life is too complicated , and I don't want to be 28 . 
my beard was gone before i ever posted my current pic-i will get a new one up after my birthday 
Oh yeah-i gave up on my webshow , but i might make one video to enter into the infowars contest . 
Not going to the carnival : i don't want to cut my hair , and i am going to try for disability . I need some stability . 
Sick as a dog , wandering the streets . I've seen three people I know on my walk . What a life . 
Housesitting in Illinois for a week or so 
