well the head gaskets went out in the mustang so now i get to rip the engine apart , replace the front suspention , and the steering box . on the plus side its a great opportunity to learn more about my car and i its not like i wont enjoy doing it . 

anyone want to buy a motorcycle or a pistol .... or mabey both ? 
ok someone needs to buy my motorcycle and/or pistol !! 
WOO HOO I MADE THE E7 LIST !!! On top of that i just got a new truck and headed out Sun to TN for some alone time with the wife ! God and life are good ! 
WOO HOOO I FINALLY GOT THE MUSTANG BACK ... AND IT RUNS LIKE A SCALDED DOG !! 
Mustang 2 , rice burners 0 .... HA ! 
im < PROPFEMALE > bored sitting here on staff duty ! 
So much for pathfinder school 
It needs to hurry up and be the weekend so I cant get to the track ! 
What Personality Trait Stands Out Most In You ? -- My Result : Adventurous . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/54984/referrals/status?aid=546753558 
Anyone seen my soul running around ? It seems to have taken off and not told me where it was going . 
Ahhh time spent making my toys clean and shiny ... very therapudic 
First wave of stellar young wariors out the door .. only 8 more hours ! 
Toasted peanut butter sandwiches and season 1 of Lost .... its a good day . 
I really want a new project to wrench on !! 
Anyone need a car painted , welded , or even body work and not mind me using your car as a learning project ? Ajay , do you see what you've done to me ! 
What has 2 thumbs and gets to go to the track tomorrow .... THIS GUY ... nice to meet ya ! 
There must have been a bunch of slow people in the intermediate class at the track because I was carving through them like a sharp knife carving up a turkey on Thanksgiving ! 
I WANNA GO FAST !!! Im craving another track day BAD ! 
I should NOT have gone to the motorcycle shop today .... new Kawi's .. mmmmmmm 
Picked up my LAST CYCLE of privates today and the light at the end up the tunnel is well and truly in sight ! 
A company full of smelly < PROPFIRST>'s , a bottle of DR Pepper , and Family Guy on the Telli , gotta love CQ .... NOT ! 
