Who wants to split a chocolate cupcake with me ? 

First you try to fuck it , then you try to eat it . If it hasn't learned your name , you better kill it before they see it . 
Hey ! Hey ! Listen ! Hey ! Sheva ! Sheva ! Sheva ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! Come on ! Come on ! This way ! BREAK DOWN ! BLAST OFF ! I need a < PROPMALE > ! Chaz it up ! I am NOT a freaky fish guy ! 
BREAK DOWN ! BLAST OFF ! SCREW THE RULES I HAVE MONEY ! PIKACHU , I CHOOSE YOU ! ZUG ZUG ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! SHEVA ! SHEVA ! COME ON ! COME ON ! CHAZ IT UP ! KEEP YOUR FEET ON THE GROUND ! WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU < PROPFIRST > , GOD DAMN IT ? ROLFMAO ! NIYEH ! NIYEH ! BROOKLYN 
is tired of complete strangers being total douchebags . Seriously you internet fucknerds , get a fucking life . Midjet Hax out . 
God damn it , I'm pissed . But you guys always rock . Thanx . /hug 
< PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! Sheva ! Out of the question ! Hey ! Hey ! Listen ! Big Brotheeer ! Shut up , Mokuba ! Charmander ! Bidoof ! Augmon , you can digivovle any time already ! roflroflrofl ! lulululul ! Use the boost to < PROPMALE > ! Zugzug ! For the Horde ! For the Alliance ! For your 
I don't feel like paying the rent anymore . So I'm not . 
\Battling evil forces with children's trading cards ... it makes one feel so alive ! \"" 
AUTISM : Because sometimes being an asshole is a disease ! 
If people are gonna send me stuff , sne dme things on Mobsters 2 and Farmville . atm they're the only things I use right now . 
likes this . 
Can't wait to work again . :D 
FOR THE HORDE ! 
I went to Arby's for a job interview expecting the manager to sit down with a list of questions for me to answer . Instead he threw a W-4 in my face . SWEET :D 
wants to get Fallout 3 and Knights of the Old Republic ... but which first ? 
is a Samurai Pizza Cat . 
Level 80 ... now what ? 
A day without WoW is a boring day indeed . 
The Grudge is one excessively fucked up movie . 
< PROPFIRST > is sick ... D ,,, : 
BLOOD AND THUNDER ! ZUG ZUG ! STFU I KEEL YOU ! BLAST OFF ! BREAK DOWN ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! SHEVA ! < PROPFIRST > ! OUT OF THE QUESTION ! LOKTAR O'GAR! YOUR MOTHER PLAYS CARD GAMES IN HELL ! LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS , TO DEFEAT THE HUN ! YOUR OVERCONFIDENCE IS YOUR WEAKNESS ! ( YOUR FAITH IN YOUR FRIENDS IS YOURS ! ) 
I think anyone who bitches about an update on Facebook should be killed . If you're too fucking stupid to figure out how THIS news feed works , or find it too emotionally straining , just gtfo instead of wasting out time making us look at your pathetic groups . Because you know what ? Facebook doesn't care what you snivelling babies want . End of story . 
OBLIVION TAKE YOU ! SHOOP DA WOOP ! WHY MUST I CRYYY ? HEY ! HEY ! LISTEN ! I SHOULD PROBABLY CUT DOWN ON THE DRUGS ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! SHEVA ! BOTHERBOTHERBOTHERBOTHER ! YOU'RE LIKE A CONSTANT DOWNER , HUH ? I LOVE LAMP ! DR . < PROPFEMALE > DOESN'T TAKE YOUR SHIT . ONE STEP OVER THAT LINE AND HE'LL ... FUCK YOU UP ! PANTALONIOUS POOPICUS ! 
Two months out of college , and I want to go back for something completely different than what I originally went for . I wanted to never go back to school , but the thought of working with only the degree I have now depresses me . Horrible situation or opportunity for something better ? I'll go for a walk and then decide . 
Misses her Laalipopper ... D: 
I like to think of Jesus as a mischievous badger . 
FOR THE HORDE ! ( Because For the Alliance takes no skill . ) 
Just for shits and giggles , ' I will be completely honest for 24 hours and you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question - no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is - and I will answer honestly . I dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get!' 
is going to rape < PROPFIRST > Loi . 
This is the first time I have gone into Alterac Valley fighting for the Alliance ... interesting . :3 
I'm here to eat food and be cute . And I can multitask . ** munchmunchmunch ** 
\Suche gut gebauten 18-30 jährigen zum Schlachten . \ " -Der Metzgermeister " 
I hope I stop feeling terrible before work on Monday . So glad for a three day weekend . 
Anyone who liked District 9 is fucking insane , I never wanna watch this movie again . 
I never thought snippin coupons could be so fun ! :D 
I'm feeling quite accomplished . :3 
Azerothian physics is very intriguing yet impossible , especially when compared to the physics of our world . For example , if I were to shoot at a guy in Azeroth and it misses , the projecticle whizzes by his head and then out of existence . If I shoot at a guy in real life , it would whizz by his head and engage the mob behind him . The moral of this story ? I hate worgen . 
I’m as eloquent as an elephant , about as headstrong as the Mighty < PROPMALE > Kong on a rampage throwing airplanes . I can’t believe you haven’t gone away , gone away ... 
Why do they call it heartburn ? Everything in my torso BUT my heart is burning from all this rogue stomach acid . I have a theory : it's cuz people are fucking stupid . 
Narwhals , narwhals , swimming in the ocean causing a commotion cuz they are so awesome :D 
I love the kind of things I see when I misread text , it makes life more fun . For example , ' how to rabbit-proof your house ' is hardly as exciting as ' how to bullet-proof your rabbit ' . 
It seems like garrus has finally pulled that stick out of his butt , but now it seems like he just wants to beat guys to death with it . 
Garrus : We're a little exposed out here , especially if someone's on that elevator . Grunt : We should hide behind ... stuff . 
I don't know much about world peace , but I can say for sure that I'm finally at peace with myself , the end of a long road out of hell . 
Harbinger : Preserve Shepard's body , if possible . Shepard : Wheee , they wanna stuff me ! 8D 
\Metapod use harden ! You're much harder than that other metapod ! \"" 
I want life to change , but I don't know if it can for a man or machine or whatever the fuck I am . 
would totally do < PROPMALE > . 
about 80 percent of our stuff is in our new apartment !! 
hates it when she makes a milkshake and all these boys show up in her yard . 
I had gone over a decade without feeling like beating someone up . That was until I met < PROPFIRST > Costic . 
made 15 dollars in pure commision tonight ! 
One time at Bible Space camp ... 
I'm taking up a collection for a good cause . Anyone who has a few bucks to spare should send them my way . 
If you play Petville , I'd love you if you sent me Social Butterfly cupcakes . <3 
is a tard and left her phone by her boyfriend sow now 
I feel bad for this Chex Mix . Because it's fuckin ' dead . 
Everybody wants to be a master , everybody \ 
wants to show their skill , everyone wants to get there faster , make \ 
their way to the top of the hill . Each time you try you're gonna get \ 
just a little bit better , each step you climb is one more step up the \ 
ladder . 
\like\ " this status and I'll post on your wall \ 
This self discovery , redemption taking over my mind , a serenade of haunting voices calling me away to feast upon the night . 
Please send yard supplies on petville ! 
\Your boyfriend's a real asshole . \"" 
I love it when work feels like a carnival . 
I want my innocence back and if you can't pacify me I will break your bones . You think I'm bluffing , just try me . 
Waiting patiently for replies and hoping she didn't forget to write one herself . 
YUMYUM DINNERRR 
well , < PROPFIRST > is off at work being a bread winner . I wonder what kind of contests they have at his job that he can win bread from .... wish I could win baked goods . I'd win cupcakes . Cupcakes are sweet and delicious and slightly better than bread . Like if you liek mudkipz . 
rawr ! 
Note to self : Do not give cat milk . Makes him vomit . 
I have a fuckinf droid x now , and it roooocks ! 
Haxed ! 
I love it when going for a walk sounds more appealin to me than ice cream . 
I easily get wrapped up in farming . I mean , all of a sudden , I've spent three hours doing it . Then I sell it all and it's like a very relieving shit , so I do it some more . \ -- me on why I farm instead of doing dailies . " 
I'm very bored and if I don't find something fun to do now , I'm going to murder someone's child . 
Please talk to me . I swear I'm going to kill something if I don't get amusement somehow . 
This .. is ... LARRY ! * punt * 
No matter how tried he could not break free , and the worms ate into his brain . 
< PROPFIRST>'s lovin ' the belly rubs . 
At a ballet shop so my friend can get her daughter fitted for new shoes and leotards . For serious , it makes me wanna grab shoes for myself and get lessons lol 
Haxed !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > ( my cat ) just got high and fucked my arm ... good times . 
Only glass seperates Heaven and Hell . What happens if I fall through ? 
My cat attacked me and then mounted me . Yeah , I'd consider it rape too . 
Thank God I'm pretty , the occasional free drink I never asked for , the occasional admission to a seedy little bar , invitation to a stranger's car--I'm blessed 
I have peach chardonay , WoW , the best cat and most adorable boyfriend in the world . What more could I ask for ? 
Pay no attention to me dancing with my girl , we have every intention to be failures in this world . 
If I'm pissed that I can't log into my company's website to work at home , does that may me a loser ? 
I was dead then alive , she was like wine turned to water then turned back to wine , you can pour us out we don't mind , a scratch around the mouth of the glass , my life is no longer mine . 
So < PROPFIRST > got me the most loveliest , wonderfulest breakfast and lunch today , and he even wrote me a note !!! I loves me a him . <3333 
I quit my new job and went back to the old one . I feel good about how today went . <3 
I'm shocked at how stupid teenagers can be . Really you guys ... do you have a fucking death wish ? 
Buying < PROPFIRST > a gaming laptop . Suggestions would be wonderful . <3 
Like this status and I'll tell you something I like and dislike about you . :3 
I like it on the floor next next to my computer . 
I love it when employers remind their employees that shit rolls downhill but are surprised that the shit starts to come out in how we work . 
Lying in wait , blind I suffer knowing I'll never reach your heaven , it's unattainable , please teach me how to dream , I long to be more than a machine . 
\Our top story tonight : NASA sends probe to Uranus ; people everywhere giggle . \"" 
General Tsao's and veggie Lo Mein for breakfast ... how DOES it get better ? 
Ha ha I forgot to log out on < PROPFIRST>'s computer ! I wonder what trouble she could get me into ;-) . Ah well , she'll be nice today and just log me out . Doh ! 
8 inches 
Herp . Derp . 
They're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you because they sleep with a gun and keep an eye on you , son , so they can watch all the things you do , because the drugs never work , they're gonna give you a smirk ' cuz they've got methods of keeping you clean , they're gonna tear off your heads-your aspirations to shreds-another cog in the murder machine . 
YOU CANNOT SEDATE ALL THE THINGS YOU HATE 
Like this status if your duel disc brings all the nerds to the yard ! 
I just found out that my cat is Deathwing . All I can say is it's a really good thing we have a full cache of weapons at our disposal for the imminent boss fight . 
MOLLUSK ! 
\You find the perfect man the way < PROPMALE > found America : on your way somewhere else and completely by accident . \"" 
My < PROPFEMALE>'s being a sweet little sweet potato right now . <3 
Dear Black Friday , \ 
What's the death toll so far ? \ 
Love , < PROPFIRST > 
The Steelers are 9-3 and about to play a team thats 2-10 ... explain to me how that's even remotely fair . 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is to get revenge and watch everyone burn ! 
.. and then I realized using my hand was way more effective , and it saved me money on toilet paper . 
Good riddance holiday diets . Hellooo rice and vegetables ! 
I already took a five hour nap and I feel like I need more sleep . >.>; 
Life is my passion , and what is life but < PROPMALE > unwrapped ? 
The hardest thing about writing fan fiction is starting it ... 
Playing Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion ! <3333 
Watching Hannibal Rising AGAIN . I LOVE this movie !!! 
six a.m. christmas morning , no shadows no reflections here , lying cheek to cheek in your cold embrace ... 
So many people online , yet I feel like there's no one to talk to . What the hell is that shit ? 
