Just looking up awsome praise songs on < PROPFEMALE>'s computer :D 

Chillin waiting for ms. Amy to get out of class 
I done for the day . THANK GOODNESS !!!!!!!!! I AM SO HAPPY :D 
Im so tired but I cant fall asleep . Dont you just hate that you know that your about ready to pass out and then your body wont let you ... 
I love Financial Aid its probably the most amazing thing about college . And Im not tired to theres another woot :D 
Is going to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > woot food i love food :D 
chopped off all my hair pretty much lol 
Is heading to work BLAH !!!!!!!!!!! ITS SATAN'S WORST INVENTION :( 
Just hanging out at the Bruners watching everyone pack for the big trip to go see < PROPMALE > :D YAY HE'S COMING HOME :D 
THE GAME !!!!!! 
Im just seriously bord out of my mind ... hmmm .... THE GAME !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
YAY LEVI'S BACK :D 
Is so tired :( and cant get to sleep Im very unhappy 
Is reading the most amazing book ever no not the bible but pretty close its called Hunger Games :D 
I wish bio would die I hate it so much ... maby God will take mercy on me and my lab will be canceled tommorow due to the lab burning down lol yeah right I wish 
Is finally finished with Hunger Games and moving on to the second book :D and guess what < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > didn't by me this one so Hahahahah :P 
Isnt it weird when you just stop and look around for a moment and notice that everything has changed and nothing looks familer at all and all you feel is lost in that one moment 
Is very disapointed in all the skippers ... I pulled myself out of bed and ran to class i tsk tsk at all of you 
Just chillin at her big bro's house lol watching peoples play Indiana Jones :D 
Is happy my dad is finally back for good and I got to see him today and everything so's i's in a good mood :D which kinda makes up for that totally freaky dream I had last night ... 
I am yet again inmobile Im hobbling around on crutches yay me ... NOT !!! You know they really shouldnt let easaly distracted people outside ... 
Is multitalking I can facebook , read manga , and write an essay all in one . IM INVINCABLE :D 
Just tripped and walked into a wall I have a feeling it's going to be one of those days 
Is all done with classes and trying to decide whether I want to go out shopping or not . 
Is just chillin tell its time to go over to Mels house and thank goodness I did really good on my lab today and think I deserve some time to zone out yay me :D 
Just got done with all her classes and is waiting to to take a long awaited nap 
Just sitting here having an Indiana Jones Marathon lol I never relized these movies were so awsome 
HATES HOMEWORK WITH A PASSION WHEN I'M DONE WITH THESE STUPID TEXT BOOKS I'M BURNING THEM FOR FUN !!!!!! MWHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Anyone want to take English for me ? Ill give you five bucks :D 
Is happy I get to go out to dinner with my dad yay :D 
Facebook is an evil evil thing . It gives < PROPFEMALE > reasons to ridicule me about boys lol :P 
Finally got to watch Secret Window and wow thats all I have to say lol 
Is very tired and dosn't want to go to work anyone want to take my place ... any takers ... going once ... going twice ... :( 
Lol fine we'll call it a draw lol :P 
Lol hmm note to self be more stubborn ... I mean ... jk :D 
* glare * yeah that better be a joke lol jk your right most girls are pretty stubborn which is why we should be running the world haha :D 
Is almost done for the day . Just have to survive survey of < PROPMALE > and Im done YAY !!!! IM'S HAPPY :D 
My Biology test is finally over ! And surprisingly I think i did pretty good :D 
Is a little scared < PROPFEMALE > has a strange new movie she wants to watch lol wish me luck 
Wow my brain hurts and I only had to go to one class today ... and yet another giant sad face I have to go to work in 2 and a half hours ... 
Found out today that it sucks to hold the pizza hut sighn . And would just like to let all of you who have ever done mean things to the sighn holders your all a load of jerks . 
I really have to get a < PROPFEMALE > memory . Left two books in my English class and now have to wait an hour until I can go get them Yay ... Not ! 
Im so tired but my body refuses to let let me sleep this is a giant sad face :( I dont care what any of you boys say this isnt fun :P 
D . N . Angel is amazing I love this series :D 
Is feeling way better woot ! Thank goodness it wasnt the flu :D 
Is really excited about the skillet concert coming to Idaho :D 
Has a giant happy face . < PROPMALE > is coming home for christmas !!!!!! :D 
Cant get to sleep ... stupid nightmares ... 
Just got off work woot !! You know I think holding the sign is alot more fun then closing no matter how many people yell or throw pop cans at me ... 
Watched way to much football today ... I think Im going to boycot pro football for the next couple of days while were all still at my grandmas 
Just kind of feels like receding in on myself . 
Became an officeal dog < PROPMALE > today . Woot !!! I feel in better shape already 
Is so ready for this week to be over ...... 
I have a new lil cousin ! And she is sooooooooo cute :D 
Hates finals !!!!! Can they just end already !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yay face my dad finally got a computer and man is it cool !!!!! 
Finally got her Labtop today it is soooooo pretty I love it !!!! 
Learned that you can actuelly meet nice people at pizza hut . Who would have thought ? 
Is really happy to have such amzing friends :D 
Is having an amzing day thanks to equally amazing people :D 
Has a massive headache and that lovley thing called pain killers decided not to work on it :( 
Is very excited for tonight I cant wait to get of work :D 
Man do I feel old lol jk jk 
Had an amazing birthday ! Thanks everyone for making it one of the best :D 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Is tired of being sick :( 
Is so ready for the weekend but its only tuesday :( 
Is so ready for this weekend Snow Fest here we come !!!!! 
So I found out why you dont wait tell the last minute to pack I cant find anything I need Gah !!! 
Im Finaly packed Woot !!! And guesse what I found everything just fine :D 
Just got back from Snow Fest Yesterday and wow was it crazy I had such a great time and learned something pretty amazing . Yeah Satan I'm awake and you better be running !!! 
Hmm its been one of those days trying really hard not to second guesse myself on everything ... 
I Hate Papers !!!! 
Feels very frustrated and annoyed 
Is very excited about this weekend Woot !!!! 
Is in Boise woot !!! Its so Pretty here 
Has managed to lose another bengal card I swear those things just run away from me 
Is very very confused .... wish I knew what to do 
Is starting to feel a lil bit better not completly but getting there 
Cant sleep .... darn insonmia if I was more desperate I would drug myself all my worrieing doesnt help much eather 
Am very worried about my baby sis after reading all her statuses . 
Is insane pain . I managed to screw up my knee agan . First it started in raquetball but I was like no I can keep going and went to swing where I got to hop around on it . When am I ever going to learn ? 
My ears I finally gaged 
Just found like my twin right across the hall lol 
Just got to see my Aunt < PROPFIRST > for like an hour and talk pretty much the best lunch Ive had all week :D 
Hmmm what to do toaday choices choeces 
Loves her room mate I download videos now :D 
Is very much enjoying the book she's reading :d 
Is going to go make cake .... this should be interesting . Shame on < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tsk tsk 
My cake didnt make anyone sick yay . But then I went to dance swing and sprained my knee right at the very end lol I had to have one of my friends piggy back me out to my car 
Doctor says that the knee just has a minor sprain yay !!!! 
For the love of < PROPMALE > no one sleeps around here lol 
I learned how to shoot a bow today :D It was so much fun I cant wait tell I get to do it again :D :D 
Feel dead tired blah lol 
Woot I had a good day yestereday :D 
Im very very sick and tired of false fire alarms in my dorm . 
Hates the fact that it only rained for like a minute and then stoped grr face 
relient k makes me sleepy and want to take a nap lol 
I have no idea why but I feel the serious need to listen to country music 
Is sooooooooooooooooo tired make it end !!!! 
Hate my car its a big grr face sigh 
I got a hat Ib gpt ba jpt hay hay hay lol :D 
So Im looing at my statis before this one and I swear I was spelling better then that lol 
Well its off to dance woot !!! I get to see my Miss < PROPFEMALE > !! Today is going marviously :D 
You know I wish Idaho would make up its mind on what type of weather it wants to have . I got all dressed for snow and now I feel like frosty the snowman in the middle of July 
Is bored out of her mind but dreading packing ... I dont even know where to start . Also just applyed for Teleperformance keep your fingers crossed for me ;D 
Just chillin at Brandons house watching a hunting movie .... hmm wow bones is way more entertaining lol 
I feel like such a horrible person I wa suppose to stay up so < PROPFIRST > could call me last night and I fell asleep .... :'( :'( I really wanted to talk to him too . Now I have to wait tell six to call him . 
Dont you hate that point in life when nothing seems to go right and its just one thing after another and you just want to break down and cry ... 
Woot all done with work for today now I just have to wate for < PROPFIRST > to get off and go get my dad his fathers day gift I think he's really going to like it :D 
< PROPFIRST > did the cutest thing the other night . We had a date and went and roasted hot dogs and then after that made smores and then we went < PROPFEMALE > gazing and took his truck up to one of the highest points around Poky so that we could see almost all of the city and then why we were sitting there he told me to close my eys and then then him thinking the funny man D 
Cont-he is told me to open my eyes and he was holding out his hands . Well he said jk and told me to close them again . When I opened them this time he was holding out a white < PROPFEMALE > and asked me to be his girlfriend : 
... Got sick at work wow what a great day ... 
Woot woot just got done playing with reesa so much fun . Also I get to go to a BBQ later with my boy and then swimming with him and my bff tommorow yay !!!!! 
So very excited for saturdy me my boy my best buddie and the newly weds are going to roast smores and wennies yay giant happy face lol 
Tired trying to get to bed but can't stop playing sims lol 
Going to go out and have lunch with my boy here in a bit yay giant happy face :D then after that going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my best buds < PROPFEMALE > and codie 
Never ever bike down a hill in flip flops horrible idea 
709 backpacks handed out today God is amazing 
Off to go hunting for the weekend :) 
My boy took me out to dinner for our anniversery :) 
Babysitting Miss Allysa she has been very good so far keep your fingers crossed that she stays this way lol 
Just got done with a 45 minute bike ride and am getting ready to go do stairs excercising us so much fun lol 
Just got done having a great lunch with < PROPFEMALE > :D it was so much fun thanks a ton < PROPFEMALE > your amazing :D 
Having one of those days where I miss old friends and look back and wish you could have thos good old times with them back ... 
Woot I voted I feel like a real citizen !!!!!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
You know it freaks me out to see so many people my age and that I grew up with get married . Every time I turn around its like there goes another on ... 
* Yawn * It tiss very early blah but I cant sleep darn books kept me up all night lol 
My legs hurt like I just got done running which I havnt so this is ridiculouse . But on the bright side my excercises are doing great things for me another 5 pounds gone :) Yay !!!!! 
Having a good week so far it would be even better if I wasnt sick anymore lol 
Dont you hate those moments when you suddenly go from being inside to being on the outside looking in .... 
Woot just had a great time chilling with < PROPFEMALE > now it tis time to go read my new favorite book :D 
IM GOING TO BE AN AUNTIE !!!!!!!!! :D 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world .. who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do anything for you .. that makes you laugh and drives you crazy .. who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for everyday , then post this as your status . 
In so much pain . What did I do to deserve this ? I wasnt even doing anything stupid this time no walls or stages just sleeping 
So bored waiting for my boy to bring over the pizza so we can have our Movie date\sight \"" 
Could everyone pray for my sister Im really worried about her ... 
Let it snow let snow let it snow :D I love the snow its so pretty lol and its so thick you can barley see the house across the street 
* sigh * why do younger siblings have to be so frustrating ? 
MY SISTER IS COMING HOME NEXT FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got to see my baby sister today all in all It was a wonderful Day :D 
haha < PROPFEMALE > i got on ur acount 
So very sick of shopping so glad Christmas is the day after tommorow . 
* doese back flip * God bless us everyone 
Slept all day feel like I have Christmas jet lag 
Woot just < PROPFIRST > the coolest pics of my baby sisters nex shat be my miss < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Getting over the flue blah 
Whar in the world is Sceintology ? 
Any man who lays his hands on a woman isnt really a true man ... 
If your Dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD !! ? I love you Dad !!! 
Isnt it just my luck I went snowbording tonight and sprained my wrist learnign how to carve 
Thanks Everyone For all the happy Birthdays they mean alot :) 
I got to see my little niece's toes and fingers and heartbeat all today I couldn't be more happy :D I cant wait tell I get to really see her in about 4 months 
Me and Dj had are first day of work today and man do my feel hurt lol 
Hehe my family rocks my socks I love them all so much <3 
That doese it no more all nighters for me I just crashed hard after work 
23 books in two weeks who thinks I can do it ? 
I LOVE YOU DEEJ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
And if they sent grownups down the mine , they'd be dead , so they use kids instead because they cost less . 
It's national book week . The rules : Grab the closest book to you , turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy the rules as part of your status . 
Ran 2.5 < PROPMALE > the other day in my workout the other day I feel very good about this :D 
If you like this status I will answer these questions you :\ 
1 . How we met :\ 
2 . Would I date you :\ 
3 . Who are you to me :\ 
4 . Have we kissed :\ 
...... 5 . What I like best about you :\ 
6 . What I dislike about you :\ 
7 . Favorite memory of us :\ 
8 . My first impression of you :\ 
9 . How close we are :\ 
10 . I challenge you to put this as your status 
look my daughter just left this up so i can put anything i want booger 
