What a gray day it is outside ... I have done nothing but stayed in my pjs cuddling ryleigh and reading breaking < PROPFEMALE > ... 

I could just kiss Ryleigh's little face all day ! 
Just posted some family holiday pics of Ryleigh's first Christmas ! 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas friends ! 
My poor baby had to get four shots in her legs today at the two month doctors appointment :( 
I am so blessed ! Ryleigh is such a talker ! I love her more and more each day ! 
All the family is here for Ryleigh's dedication this weekend .... all 13 of us sleeping under our roof ! We like to get cozy ! 
Back in the office today ... 12 weeks went by in a blur ... I am very blessed though that I can take Ryleigh in with me ... I wouldn't have been able to part with her for the day yet ! 
I think Ryleigh is most content sitting in my lap as I work at my desk . It is so funny ... like she wants to work with me :) 
Aww ! What a wonderful husband I have ! He took me out to dinner to celebrate my birthday and then when we came home 10 of our friends were in our living room to suprise me ! I love him so much !... and my friends too ! 
Aw , Ryleigh has been asleep since I got into the office . I have been doing work on my computer for a little while and Ryleigh has been so quite . I finally turned around to look at her and she was just watching me . I am not sure how long she has been awake , but how precious is that ? 
Ryleigh is three months old today ... on my b-day ! YAY ! Thanks friends for all the birthday wishes ! 
Highlight of the week ... my birthday massage from my awesome MT friend < PROPFEMALE > , while my other amazing friend , < PROPFEMALE > , watched Ryleigh . It was a much needed hour of quite relaxation ! 
Ryleigh slept in her crib in her room for the first time last night . She did great , but it felt weird to me not to be able to wake in the middle of the night and look at her sleeping right next to me . She is getting too big too fast ! 
My heart is going to explode , Ryleigh was just giggling . She has made happy sounds like laughs before , but these were full-out giggles . Oh how I love her ! 
Pretty much finished my sermon for this Sunday ... I feel so ahead of the game ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , and then copy and paste as a comment below 
Ryleigh has a cold ... our poor little snuffleupagus ! :( 
Ryleigh is so talented ... today she has mastered the < PROPMALE > of pooping in such a way that it shoots straight up her back and all over her clothes . I have changed her clothes three times today . The joys of motherhood :) 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; in all your ways acknowledge him , and he will make your paths straight . -Proverbs 3:5 -6 
Not really looking forward to today ... It is Ryleigh's 4 month doctor's appointment ... more shots ... on top of the pain of teething . Lord , give us strength ! 
Well , Ryleigh's appointment yesterday went perfect ! She wasn't fussy until around 9:30 last night .... then again I think she was upset then because < PROPMALE > picked Vienna on the Bachelor finale !!! What a loser ! :) 
So someone bought me ' comforts for baby ' brand diapers(generic kroger brand ) and Ryleigh has been wearing them the past week ... no poopy blow outs onto her clothes ... today she was back in a name brand diaper ... poopy blow out on her clothes . Just a money saving tip for you mommies out there ... try \comforts for baby ' diapers . " 
Long morning ... finally Ryleigh is taking a nap ... pray I can get everything done while she sleeps ! 
Big day for Ryleigh ... finally rolled over from tummy to back on her own for the first time and her first serving of rice cereal ! YAY RYLEIGH ! 
Well , my office is almost completely packed up and tonight is my last Wednesday night leading youth group for the AMAZING teens of Fuel Ministries ... weird 
Had some great coffee and conversation today at the coolest coffee shop , Plate 21 . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for taking me there ! Love it ! 
Think I am dehydrated from walk outside on this hot day ... it is nice to have the sun though 
Happy Easter ! Read my hubby's status . I say ditto ! :) Death has been defeated , Love wins ! 
Well , Ryleigh knocked my coffee this morning all over my legs , then puked on me twice and now got poop on my shirt .... ah , the joys of motherhood :) 
About had a heart attack ! I was sitting here in the living room on the computer and all of a sudden a man walks past the window in my back yard .... it ended up just being the gas meter reader , but with the break ins next door recently I am a little on edge . :) 
So bored . Sure wish my husband would spend quality time with his wife and daughter instead of in his studio , recording all the time . :) 
YAY ! It is the weekend ! My hubby will be home soon ! 
You know your a mom when you are excited for your husband to go out with your daughter for the evening ..... so you can clean the house and shower ! :) 
WOW ... this is my first time alone at home in almost 6 months ! 
The Creator of the Universe is passionately pursuing you ! He is crazy in love with you ! Yes , I am talking to you ! :) 
LET'S KEEP THE PRAYER CHAIN GOING FOR 2 year old AUDRI , just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer ... if you see this post ... even if you don't know Audri ... God knows ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . Everytime you see one of your friends post is this ... say another prayer ... Let's see how awesome God is !! :) 
Seriously , Ryleigh has been sitting in my lap on the couch for the past half hour ... when did she puke all over the couch without me noticing ? 
Ryleigh is half a year old today ! 
So over Siobhan ... and < PROPFIRST > , even though he is a country singer and it was shania night . Am I the only one who feels this way ? 
Be strong and courageous .... For the Lord your God is with you wherever you go ! - < PROPFIRST > 1:9 
It is a great day to be alive .. after my close encounter with death , or at least injury yesterday ! 
Why did I just get a suggestion to add Miley < PROPMALE > as a facebook friend ? That's alright ... I will pass . LOL . 
Here is a little tip for all you homemakers out there ... adding detergent to the laundry load helps :) ... 
Wonderful day ! Cookout and friends over all day ! 
Not sure what I am thinking , but the plan is to meet my friend < PROPFEMALE > at Old Navy at 7AM for $1 flip-flop day ... 
< PROPFEMALE > day full of laundry ... :/ 
Well , this is a first ... a blow out of poop all over my jeans .... \ 
Ryleigh's poop , not my own poop ( just to clarify ) 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Darling for taking such beautiful pictures of Ryleigh in our backyard yesterday ! 
Really hoping < PROPFEMALE > wins Idol because if she does I get a 30 < PROPFEMALE > massage from < PROPMALE > , if < PROPFIRST > wins , < PROPMALE > gets the massage ... but I think I could use the massage more ! :) 
I was not on Facebook yesterday , so here is a late shout out to my 7 month old baby girl ! I love you Ryleigh ! Best 7 months of my life so far ! 
RYLEIGH IS CRAWLING ! YAY , BABY GIRL ! 
Anyone else ever had kellogg's yogos bits before ? They are delicious ! I got some from Aldi . 
Well Ryleigh just ripped the shift key off the mac ... daddy will not be happy ... at least there are two shift keys . :/ 
Ryleigh had her first experience at cedar point today . The parent swap thing they offer is pretty sweet too ! 
I haven't been on yet today but better late than never ... Happy Father's Day to the best dad in the world and to the most wonderful husband and baby daddy in the world ! 
Yay ! Our new kitchen countertops are being installed tomorrow ! 
This is going to be a rough day . Ryleigh has been screaming bloody murder all morning due to teething and I need to get my message ready for Sunday . I finally just placed her in her crib to cry herself to sleep . Pray for comfort for her and focus for me to get the things done I need to while she sleeps . 
Can not believe my baby girl is 8 months today ! Time flies by twice as fast once you have a baby . We had a wonderful day though ! 
Seeing Eclipse tonight ! So pumped ! 
Well , we officially need to baby proof now ... Ryleigh is crawling all over the place and it is too hard to keep up now . 
Want a good laugh ? Try doing hip hop abs with my husband . He has got moves you have never seen before ! I am not sure if I burned more calories from the workout or from laughing so hard ! 
Yay ! Can't wait to spend the weekend with our wonderful friends Abbi and PJ !!! 
Wish I could post new pics from the past month but I can't find the stupid cord to transfer them from the camera to the computer ! :( 
Not feeling so hot . Prayers for a quick recovery are appreciate . 
I have been a facebook slacker lately ... yesterday Ryleigh turned 9 months ! She has been out of the womb longer than she was it it now ! :) She is growing up so fast ! 
Please keep my mom in your prayers . She is in the hospital and they are waiting on blood test results to figure out what is wrong with her . 
We just found out my mom has leukemia . Please pray for healing . I know God is in control and has her in His hands . 
My mom starts chemotherapy today . Please continue to pray . God will have the victory in all this ! 
Glad I got to spend the weekend with the parents . My mom has had 3 days of chemo now and has seemed to handle it well . Praise the Lord ! There is power in prayer ! Please continue to pray for healing . 
Wow ! God is so faithful to provide all we need if we simply ask . He just answered a prayer I prayed just this morning ! It gives me more assurance than ever that He delights in giving good gifts to His children ! 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Gilson ! What a wonderful wedding ! Ryleigh had fun too- clapping and dancing with mama ! 
Continue to pray for my mom . Now that the first round of chemo is done , she is feeling more of the symptoms from it . However , we are still praising God for helping her through this rather smoothly so far . 
My mom has her second bone marrow test today to see if the chemo was effective . Please pray for good results ! 
Ryleigh is so funny ... she keeps waving and saying hi ... maybe to her imaginary friends ? 
Well , unfortunately , my mom will have to go through another stronger round of chemotherapy starting tomorrow . Please continue to pray for healing and peace for my mom . 
Happy 10 months birthday , Ryleigh Joy !!! 
If anyone in the Toledo area wants a kitten , there were kittens born in the woods outside < PROPMALE>'s work . The Humane Society won't take them because they were born in the \wilderness\ " . Let me know if you are interested . " 
My mom finished up her second week of chemotherapy . She will begin a cell growth therapy tomorrow to help her toward recovery . We are optimist that the next biopsy will be cancer-cells free and she will be able to go home in the next couple weeks . Please continue to pray ! 
So I was mooned by 3 college guys passing UT on Door St tonight on my way home from small group ... YIKES ! 
Watching RV's 2010 with my hubby ... love being a young couple who act like we are in our 70's ... :) 
Well , today is day 41 in the hospital for my mom . Please pray for her spirit to be lifted as she waits to be well enough to go home . As soon as her blood counts go up again , she can leave . 
Yay ! My mom gets to go home tomorrow ! Continue to pray for her recovery and a complete curing of this cancer ! 
Ryleigh was so precious today , first she took all of her laundry out of her basket and throw it all over the living room floor , but then she helped me pick them up by handing them to me one at a time while laughing the whole ... I guess she thought it was a fun game . 
My mom has another biopsy tomorrow ... pray for a remission ! 
Happy birthday to my wonderful husband ... Chad Berlean ! Ryleigh and I love you and can't wait for you to get home !!! 
Ryleigh is so cute ... she loves to read her books to herself ... in baby language of course 
I have not be on my facebook in a couple days but I have great news ... my mom is in remission ! Thanks to all for your prayers and continue to remember my mom in your prayers ! 
I am so used to a quite home meaning Ryleigh is sleeping that I am finding myself trying to do things quite around here even though I am home alone at the moment :) 
On this day 4 years ago I married my best friend . He is the most incredible husband and father I could have ever asked for and I love him more each day . I am so thankful he chooses each day to love me back . Happy Anniversary Chaddy Poo ! 
WOW ! < PROPMALE > and I went to this nice italian restaurant downtown at the docks to celebrate our anniversary tonight . The owner of the company < PROPMALE > works for came in and saw us ... and paid our < PROPMALE > as an anniversary gift !!! 
My mom is still in remission , but relapse is likely and they will eventually be doing a bone marrow transplant ... In the meantime , she is at the hospital for the next week going through another chemotherapy treatment . She started today . Please continue lifting her in your prayers . 
Do any of my Toledo friends have a 3-tier cupcake stand I can borrow of Ryleigh's birthday party ? 
So I had a basket of laundry in the living room and , of course , Ryleigh dumped it out ... A little while later I looked over at her and she was wearing a pair of my underwear around her neck ... good thing they were clean ! 
Ryleigh took like 10 steps across the living room tonight ! Yay , big girl ! 
My baby is one today ! Happy Birthday Ryleigh !!! 
Just spent the morning having a spa day with the amazing and beautiful women of the Oaks woman's shelter . What a blessing it was ! 
Went out to dinner at 5pm with some friends who also have a one year old , left the restaurant at 6:30 , came home , now playing some more with Ryleigh before putting her to bed . We parents sure know how to party like rock stars ! 
If you don't believe there is a God , all you need is to have a baby and experience the miracle of life ... If you don't believe there are guardian angels , all you need is to have a toddler ... cats aren't the only ones with nine lives . Thank you Lord for protecting Ryleigh today ! 
Never thought the day would come that I would buy a pair of skinny jeans ... 
I love my husband ... I wouldn't sit and watch storm chasers with anyone else . 
Toledo Area Friends , come on out to Plate 21's Christmas boutique tonight from 6-8pm where I will be selling some of my < PROPMALE > and taking custom orders to be done by Christmas ! 3664 Rugby Dr , Toledo . 
I suppose now it is time to begin preparing for the message I am sharing on Sunday ... 
Going on a triple date tonight to the Zoo lights- < PROPMALE > and I with Ryleigh , her boyfriend , < PROPMALE > , and parents < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . :) 
Family fun sledding down the hill in our front yard with Ryleigh . She loved it ! 
My baby is becoming a big girl . She doesn't even need me to put her to bed anymore . < PROPMALE > has put her to bed the past two nights without me . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone- Ryleigh's biggest gift this year ... A baby brother or sister coming around July 31st ! 
So ... as we were taking the trash out tonight , I heard something rustle in the bush against our house . I looked over and saw a huge New York sized rat ! Apparently , they have been a problem in Toledo neighborhoods lately due to all the construction . I am so paranoid now that that thing is going to get in our house ! YIKES ! 
Excited to have some wonderful friends over tonight to bring in the New Year ! It isn't very often that we get to spend time with friends past 8:30 PM anymore ... hope I can stay up that late ! :) 
Please keep my mom in your prayers . She is going to the hospital tomorrow for the bone marrow transplant . First will be a week of chemo , then the transplant . There is still a long road ahead , but we have peace knowing it is all in God's hands . 
My mom had a rough day today and they will be doing the bone marrow transplant tomorrow . Please keep her in you prayers . 
Birthday date night with the hubby ! He took me to the funny bone comedy club ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . I am thankful for such wonderful friends and family ! 
So Ryleigh didn't fall asleep until after 10 last night , woke up at the usual time ... and now has been talking and jumping around in her crib the past hour instead of napping . That child better sleep all the way to < PROPMALE > tonight ... 
Well , I guess if the whole family is going to be sick , might as well be sick while your snowed in anyway ... :\\ 
I love my husband and daughter ! Of course I love the rest of my family and friends too ... But I couldn't have asked for a better husband or daughter , so this is a special shout out to them ! 
Just wanted to share one of Ryleigh's new words ... glasses , except she leaves off the g-l . LOL ! 
What would I do without my Ryleigh Joy and her silliness and curiosity ?... she keeps life interesting for sure ! 
AHHH ! < PROPFEMALE > , what are you doing ?! < PROPMALE > better still pick her ! 
Tomorrow morning is the big , long-awaited moment ... will the ultrasound reveal a boy or girl !?! Any guesses ? 
Looks like Ryleigh will will be having a little ... SISTER ! < PROPFIRST > Love ! 
It is a miracle that Ryleigh hasn't broken the crib with the way she jumps around and rattles the gate ... I guess she is awake and ready for me to come rescue her ! 
I guess dressing provocatively gets more votes on American Idol that mad vocal skills ... how could < PROPFIRST > be the bottom and < PROPFEMALE > not even be in the bottom three ... RIDICULOUS ! 
Ryleigh has these two bird stuffed animals and she was just holding them in her hands and making them tweet a little conversation with one another . Too cute ! 
I am pretty sure the creators of Yo Gabba Gabba are pretty heavy drug-users ... but Ryleigh sure loves that show ! 
< PROPMALE > and I are being adventurous and going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight for dinner ! :) 
I love to feel little < PROPFIRST > fluttering around in my belly ... my favorite part of being pregnant . 
So thankful for that beautiful weather today ... went for a walk , had Mr. Freeze with friends and I gave Ryleigh her first pedicure ! She now has her toes painted blue to match mommy's and she couldn't have been more proud showing them off in her sandals ! 
We were stopped on the turnpike for two hours due to construction , started moving for two < PROPMALE > , and now are only crawling along . Will we have to sleep in the car tonight ? How can you close the entire turnpike down at 7:30 pm ? 
So excited for all the girlfriends that < PROPFIRST > will have in Toledo that will be born within a couple weeks of her ! 
\The earth was shaking in the dark\ 
We decided to check out a Greek-Orthodox church for their Good Friday service- the sactuary was beautiful but the service pretty dry and boring . When we left I asked Ryleigh if she had fun and she shook her head and said no . :) 
Ryleigh's game for the day ... grabbing the remote and throwing it on the ground so the back pops off and the batteries fly out ... then attempting to put them back in ... it is really fun for me too ... :/ 
Finally added updated pictures of Ryleigh from the last six months . :) 
My lil baby girl is growing up . Today is her first night in her big girl bed in her new room . Let hope she actually stays asleep in there all night . 
I am so proud of Ryleigh !!! Not only did she sleep through the night in her new bed , but she slept in til after 9 ! Happy Saturday ! 
Yum ! < PROPMALE > slaw on BBQ chips . Delicious . Yes , I am pregnant ! :) 
Ryleigh was just singing along with the < PROPFEMALE > Hudson weight watchers commercial . American idol season 24 , here we come ! 
I wonder how the guy who is predicting the end of the world tomorrow is spending his final day ? :) 
What am I going to do on wednesday night after tonight ? Last lifegroup until Fall , American idol finale , and season finale of modern family . 
Saw a couple riding horses down our street today ... We live in Toledo nowhere near farm land . It was a little humorous to see . 
Ryleigh makes me laugh . Everytime she takes my glasses off of my face , she wipes the lens on her shirt before putting them on . She mimics everything I do . 
I know I was pregnant all through the summer with Ryleigh , but being at the end of a pregnancy in this heat is a whole different ball game ! 
Biggest mistake I've made recently ... Downloading toddler games on my iPhone . Ryleigh wants to be on my phone more than I am on it ! 
Holy Spirit , come ! I am giving the message for Pentecost in tomorrow's worship gathering at ERC . And after a busy , exhausting day today , I will truly need His power to speak through me ! 
In the morning we have another ultrasound of < PROPFIRST > . Maybe this time she will look more like a baby than a ghost from the Japanese horror movie , the grudge ! :) 
Ryleigh thinks she is really sneaky ! She was hiding behind the curtains and I assumed she was just looking out the window drinking from her sippy cup , because I heard slurping . Then i heard a lot of water spill on the floor and she screamed . She had stollen my water bottle and was hiding from me as she attempted to drink my water ! 
I seriously can't put into words how much I love Ryleigh ! It is hard to picture loving anyone as much as her , yet I am excited that in about 6 weeks < PROPFIRST > will arrive and my love will only grow ! By the way , I love my husband , < PROPMALE > Berlean , with all my heart too ! 
I think it is humorous that my husband always makes fun of me watching the bachelor/bachelorette and how fake it is ... And then he always watches ghost adventures . Really ?!? 
Ryleigh is such a girly girl and is obsessed with earrings . I am considering getting her ears pierced even though I always swore I would wait until she was old enough to help care for them . So I am taking a poll : To pierce or not to pierce ? 
I am already exhausted from the day ! Looking forward to a nap during Ryleigh's nap time today . 
So thankful for my amazing friends here in Toledo who gave a baby shower for < PROPFIRST > tonight . You all are such a blessing to me and my family . Love you all ! 
Please pray for my mom . She needs to have a bone marrow biopsy done tomorrow . Thanks friends . 
Update from my mom's biopsy- they did not find any more leukemia cells in my mom's bone marrow , which is a huge praise . However , she is not producing enough platelets so she may need further treatment in the next few months . Please continue to pray for God's healing . 
Just got 2 ' Heluva Good!' dips at meijer for $ . 25 a piece . That's a ' heluva good ' deal ! :) 
The nurse at my doctor's office said that < PROPFIRST > has long legs based on the last ultrasound ... Yes , I can feel them kicking my ribs quite frequently . :) 4 weeks til the due date ! 
So Ryleigh was just sitting next to me on the couch , then she lifted my shirt to start petting my belly . I asked if she was saying good morning to < PROPFIRST > and then she laid her head on my belly . So precious ! 
Aw . Poor Ry has diarrhea today and all she wants to do is snuggle . 
My husband is hot ! 
So at my doctors appointment earlier , the dr said that if I don't go into labor on my own before the 25th , she will be planning to have me induced that day . That is only 20 days from now ! Yay ! 
I can hardly wait for < PROPFIRST > to arrive ! However , I would like to catch up on ryleigh's scrapbook beforehand . I have only procrastinated on that one for about a year and a half . :) 
Getting all the baby stuff organized and ready for < PROPFIRST > has been more challenging than I anticipated . It would help if Ryleigh weren't trying to get into everything . And tonight we had to move all of the things from our attic into the nursery so we can have guys come re-insulate it tomorrow . 
The down side to having the last home improvement appointment of the day ... The stench of sweating hard- working men in my house . I feel a little nauseous . 
10 more days til < PROPFIRST > arrives ! 
On a hot date with the hubs ! Probably our last night out alone for a while . :) 
Glad I got those errands done earlier this morning when it was only 95 degrees out instead of the current 102 degrees ! And thankful for AC ! 
Congratulations to our friends , Brandyn and < PROPFEMALE > Phelps ! It was a beautiful wedding day ! Nothing like being in a wedding the day before getting induced . Now time to pack my hospital bag ! 
Starting to feel the nerves and anticipation of going into the hospital tonight and having a second baby tomorrow ! Craziness ! 
Well things are kind of boring here at the moment . Supposed to get my water broke soon so that should progress things more quickly ! 
For those of you who are not Facebook friends with < PROPMALE > as well ... < PROPFIRST > Love was born last night at 10:10 pm , 6lbs 2oz , 20in long . I will post some pics soon ! 
Anyone in Toledo know a great pediatrician ? We havent been very pleased with Ryleigh's and are looking to find a new one for her and < PROPFIRST > . 
Yay , < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks for sleeping well for mommy and daddy last night ! Let keep it up every night like that ! 
Seriously ! I do not remember Ryleigh ever pooping this much ! 
I love my life ... Baby girl sleeping on my chest right now , and big girl dancing around the living room with daddy . :) I am so blessed ! 
I can't believe what a big girl Ryleigh is becoming . She is such a good helper with < PROPFIRST > and then yesterday she screamed and scared < PROPFIRST > but when < PROPFIRST > started crying she came up to her and sweetly said , \I'm sorry < PROPFIRST >\" . Precious ! " 
So I was just watching the news and they were talking about how people can now text message 911 emergencies and were showing people text messaging while they were driving . Wouldn't that cause more accident emergencies ? 
Ryleigh just burped and said excuse me . I am glad she is learning manners . :) On another , < PROPFIRST > , it was not polite keeping mommy and daddy up all night last night . 
Lol ! The movie Nacho Libre kills me . 
So after our first week or two I thought < PROPFIRST > seemed so easy and Ryleigh would be the challenging one ... I am beginning to change my view . Enjoying breakfast and cuddle time with Ryleigh now that grouchy-butt is finally sleeping . :) 
I guess < PROPMALE > needs to call in his boys , the Ghost Adventures team , to investigate Ryleigh's room . She woke up screaming last night and was pretty much inconsolable for a half hour or so and she kept pointing at the wall above her bed like she saw something scary . This is not the first time we have gotten a weird feeling in that room . Even our cat has acted weird in there before . 
You know your are a worn out mommy when you look forward to your dentist appointment at 7pm because it means a little quite time away from the babes . 
Ok < PROPFIRST > , I can see you are heading in the right direction- sleeping for a 5 hour stretch last night ... good ! However , waking up at 3:30 am and staying awake until 5 am ... not good . 
Today is the first time in almost 5 years of marriage that < PROPMALE > hasn't asked me for direction in getting to my parents ' house . Good job , my directionally challenged hubby ! :) 
At target ... alone ! I can't even remember the last time I was about to just leisurely walk around this place . 
Today my baby < PROPFIRST > is one month old ! Last night she showed us what a big girl she is becoming by going 8 hours between feedings . Thank you , Jesus ! 
I was looking at par t-t ime jobs on craigslist today ... I am not sure I am qualified to be a burlesque dancer or < PROPFEMALE > Claus . Anyone have any other ideas of how I can make some extra money monthly while still being able to stay at home during the day with the girls so we don't have to pay for childcare ? 
Last night at my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s house her one dog started humping the other dog . Ryleigh saw them and got behind the humping dog and said , \horsey ride ! \ " LOL ! " 
I don't think I have gone to bed this early since grade school . Had a fun day with the bro and sis-in-law and the nieces but now I am totally exhausted and pizza papolis , though delicious , did not agree with the tummy . :( Good night world . 
Both girls screaming their heads off for my attention ... 
Best smell ever ... lavender nighttime lotion ... especially when it is on my clean baby snuggling against my neck . Love . 
Had a dream last night the < PROPFIRST > bromstad came to my house to do a home makeover . How I wish it were true . I love him ! 
Best night of sleep since < PROPFIRST > was born . Yay ! And I had some weird dreams ... 
Well , Ryleigh decided to give her baby doll a bath today ... I was nursing < PROPFIRST > on the couch , forgot to close the gate to the kitchen/ half-bath , so Ryleigh gave her doll a bath in the toilet then brought it back into the living room soaking wet . 
It’s true we impress people with our supposed perfections , but we connect with each other in our flaws . I’d rather be connected than perfect . 
Like father , like daughter ... < PROPMALE > and Ryleigh are watching Wipeout and cracking up and Ryleigh claps every time the contestants get hurt . :) 
Well this is a first .... I was napping on the couch with < PROPFIRST > sleeping against my belly and she had a blow out on her outfit and my shirt . Sick ! 
I am sitting here snuggling with a daughter in each arm . I looked down at < PROPFIRST > and she was just staring at me . Then I said , \hi baby ! \ " and she smiled at me ! Precious . " 
I find it ironic the the pilot episode of Up All Night is on at 10 tonight . The exact time < PROPFIRST > will most likely be at her fussiness . :) 
Ryleigh : points to my shirt and says , \shirt's pretty . \ " Me : \ " thank you ! \ " Ryleigh : \ " You're welcome ! \"" 
Happy birthday to my wonderful husband and best friend , < PROPMALE > Berlean ! ( I would tag you if I knew how but I am not cool enough ... is there a different way to tag people from the iPhone , anyone ? ) 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for helping me learn how to tag people in my status ! Love you girl ! 
Being sick with the flu and having to take care of two babies is not much fun . Please pray I have enough strength for the day and that < PROPMALE > and the girls don't get sick too . 
Fun weekend in store ! < PROPMALE>'s parents will be coming today and my family tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > is being dedicated at our church tomorrow if any of my Toledo friends want to join us at Emmaus Road Church @ 11am ! 
Uh-oh . We are in trouble ! Ryleigh just asked for a sip of my coffee . Then she said , \mmm\ " and kept asking for more . Looks like we might have a future coffee addict like mommy in the house ! " 
Ok ... So 2 year old's temper tantrums are not fun ... 
So , do any of my Toledo friends want to volunteer to watch the girls Saturday night so < PROPMALE > and I can celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary ? We really need a night out ! :) 
If there is anyone on the fence about whether or not to have kids ... Being with me at target today would have made the decision pretty easy . 
Ryleigh is one smart little cookie . She moved the rocking chair in < PROPFIRST>'s room over to the dresser so she could open the top drawer and get the lotions out .. and spread liquid baby powder all over her face . So she came downstairs with a white face . Never a dull moment around here ! :) 
Today < PROPMALE > and I celebrate 5 years of marriage ! < PROPMALE > , you are the most amazing man I have ever known , you are my best friend , a wonderful father , and I love you more and more each day . I am so blessed to be on this journey of life with you ! 
Let's try this post again , but not on a random friend's wall ! Praying for you freshman today ! I would love to hear from you ! 
Oh how I love my little OCD daughter ... just like her mamma ! 
Really my only goal for today was to get a shower ... Didn't think that was too ambitious ... yet here I am still grungy . 
It really saddens me that more and more Christians seem to not see the importance of meeting together for worship . The early church met together daily and we can't even seem to make meeting together once a week for an hour a priority anymore . 
My poor little Ryleigh is sick again today . To brighten the mood we all snuggled on the couch for her first viewing of Emperors New Groove . Makes me think of my first time watching that movie with good old friends ... 
I love it that Ryleigh likes Big Bang Theory . You can only watch so much < PROPMALE > Jr. 
I got back from grocery shopping and < PROPMALE > was in the process of folding laundry ... and Ryleigh had 3 pairs of my underwear around her waist . :) 
Woohoo ! I have lost 10 lbs in the past month ! No crazy diets or exercise , just eating in moderation and consistent exercise . Now I just have 20 lbs more to go ! :) 
Having children is always an adventure ! I was just holding < PROPFIRST > in my lap facing me and a volcano of poop erupted out the back of her pants down onto the boppy pillow , my pants and the couch ! That was almost as impressive as the time Ryleigh shot poop 4 1/2 ft onto the rug when she was around the same age ! 
Sometimes you just want to snuggle with your mommy and not share her with anyone else for the day ... Isn't that right , Ryleigh ? 
Two years ago today , we had our first precious baby girl . She brings us more and more joy each and every day she is with us ! She is becoming such a big girl . Thank you God for this perfect little gift in our lives . Happy birthday , Ryleigh ! 
