Has had his account taken over by Muffins again .... muhahahahaha 

Wondering if he is ever going to not be sick 
Thank God for little favors , like the hospital having a good internet connection .... 
Remembers why , though being in the hospital , he really does hate them . 
is happy to have pictures of < PROPFEMALE > that he can put up on facebook ! 
Just dosen't understand the way of things sometimes 
For all those keeping tabs on my condition , I took a turn for the worse Monday and now do not have an idea when I am going to get out of here . Please keep praying for better health and if you are interested in visiting , call , text or leave a message on he 
Is finally home from the hospital , still wondering if its a good thing or a bad ... 
is wondering who he calls at 4 and 5 am when there are things on his mind that need to be talked about . Who does he call after all the people who can sleep , are doing it ? 
is confused , frustrated , and saddened by life . 
doesn't understand life , and hates it . 
asks why cant the sickness just go away ? or maybe decide on one type of pain and just stick to that instead of messing me up in oh so many different ways ... 
Have you ever wanted to feel change in your life so badly , you would do anything to get it ? I have been offered an oppertunity that I dont know if Im going to take or not , but it would drasticly change my life ... probably for good . 
is away from the phone right now , leave a message after the beep . BEEEEEEEEEP 
Hi . My name is < PROPFEMALE > and i've taken over Jakes account ( with his permition of course ) . if anything weird etc happens just remember its not Jake ... its < PROPFEMALE > muhahahaha 
hahaha now muffins is taking over ... all hail MUFFINS 
has had enough of the hospital and wants to go home 
Realizing I really dont deserve the ppl who care about me . 
Now I realize that there are a lot of people in the world who used to say they cared about me and Im now starting to see them for who they really are . It wonderful to realize that ppl have lied to your face many times over ... 
Yeah best bday ever ... no money to speak of , no permanent\ 
place to live and being disowned by your family . Awesome isnt it ? 
Well ... Talked to the Doc today and there are no options left for me but surgery ... 
Well back in the hospital , hopefully not for long this time . We need to find a plan for meds while Im waiting to get the surgery so that Im not just in constant pain ... hence why I was admitted this time around . 
Well its looking like I will be going home from the hospital some time tomorrow , Tuesday since Im not quite where Im supposed to be with my progression ... Oh well ... 
Is home and not doing so hot , trying to keep the pain at bay but its not really working ... 
waiting , waiting , waiting , thats all I ever do ... waiting to get surgery , waiting to hear from the docs , waiting to get better .... wait wait wait 
back in the hospital ... good times . BUT I did get more info about surgery and the quest to get it all done will begin Sunday night at the earliest ! 
yay , home time ! and I might be getting the surgery on 10/7 , but this is still unconfirmed . Will update status as the information keeps comming in for ppl who want to come to the hospital during or after my surgery . Please keep up the curtain of prayers , I really seem to feel the comfort that they are providing ! 
Okay , surgery date is set in stone , Thursday , Oct 7th , most likely at 7 am . Please keep me in prayers , and my family in prayers as I go through this . I know its hard on my family , if not harder , than it is on me . 
IM ALIVE , in pain but ALIVE ! Surgery went very smooth . Ill just post it here so I only have to put it once . I am at the < PROPFIRST > Reagen UCLA medical hospital , room 8353 . 
Its strange when Docs dont agree when you might be going home ... One says as early as Wed , one says no earlier than Fir ... so Ill be home sometime this week . 
I might be going home today , might be going home Sat , not sure at this point . I have been unhooked from everything and are just making sure that the pain that I am in is under control before the set me loose on the world ... 
Anyone bored and have some free time ? Im climbing the walls here ... 
Well back in the hospital and recovering from surgery 
< PROPMALE > everyone for the bday wishes 
Losing friends cause of a misunderstanding ... totally not fun ... 
finally , back to normal :) 
