happy gay day in LA ! 

and go lakers !! 
comes from a line of badass mothaf'n pacifists . 
hell is fafsa and intermittent wireless . 
is back in prospect ... i'll take it . 
is given pause . 
is it normal for cats to use your laptop as a scratching post ? 
is definitely stuck here ... at least i get more bylines ? will find ways not to suffer . 
isn't bored anymore and thinks maybe i even made the right decision ...! 
And that's the way it is . 
can officially cook . 
still has not seen hp6 ... and is kind of proud . 
I HAVE LIVED TWO DECADES . 
... ok . 
is kind of on vacation ! 
life is too short to do anything but ____ 
back in bayside ... with one assignment to go . 
might trade ENGL for AMST if < PROPFEMALE > lets me . 
is going to take a painting class one day . ( cross ur fingers . ) 
the expression \to go postal\ " officially has the strangest origins of any idiom ever . " 
Prospect single : it's minimalist . 
Wow , I sure do love brake lights . Wow . 
52°F . Feels like 52°F . 
sanity first , phone calls later . 
bored . 
needs tape and curtains . 
is going to eat this salad leaf by leaf and each leaf is a piece of rage , and by the time the salad is done , the rage will be done . leaf by leaf , leaf by leaf ... people are idiots . 
has put away the salad of passive aggression . 
bravery , wonder , appreciation . 
is figuring it out . 
sick of same battles . 
<3 is all . 
big whoop . 
is looking forward to banana pudding , sleep and feedback . 
STOP TALKING FIX EVERYTHING . 
gonna be fine , < PROPFIRST > bradburys cool , need a drink . 
https://pub.mtholyoke.edu/journal/mnash/ - comments plz . 
por que es mi facebook < PROPFEMALE > en español ? 
will stop trying to impose order on disorder . This Is < PROPMALE > Year . 
let's not call it a day—call it something else 
happily l'exhausted . 
might as well write a poem about economics 
still going . 
hasnt been this angry since < PROPFIRST > beck ruined network allusions for the rest of us >:( 
parallel synchronized randomness 
can't stop playing < PROPMALE>'s version of \defying gravity . \"" 
is drawing graphs . Lots of them . 
impulse haircut ! 
is outperforming the benchmark . 
best glee ever . showing it to my grandkids . 
\he's taking the bullet for us . solid . \"" 
can drive now ( in theory ) . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name as the first comment . 
life is being like that . 
can i just pause homework and finish the books i'm actually reading 
I knew Beyonce was beautiful , but I didn't know she could be creepy/beautiful . 
kind of wish shit would stop happening . 
my room smells like rain . 
i kind of want to change my profile pic to jj from skins . best character on television next to < PROPFEMALE > petrillo . 
aint wearin green ... but did have a pint of harp lager today . 
I want to see Wamego , KS . Who's driving ? 
swish it up a bit ! 
Who applied for UAF funding this year ? 
Two honest mistakes ( more like 1.5 honest mistakes ) . I've done better , but I've also done worse . We will have some chamomile and go on with life . 
When is somebody going buy the rights to make a movie about < PROPFIRST > Hall's life ? The funny old man mentor and the happy ending wedding ... SO AMERICAN . So good . So ... when ? 
coffee or maybe not . 
SOUTH < PROPMALE > 
That brilliant feeling of being squeezed to death . Yes . It's Wednesday again . 
symposium , interview , interview , sontag lecture , paper due . hello friday . 
best episode of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ever : hostage . 
Maybe I didn't make a mistake . As a matter of fact , I can still mess things up—probably not a bright idea ... But nothing's over for sure . 
is officially Atlanta-bound for the summer ! 
just sick of it . 
Granola and carrot sticks for dinner . 
Birthday wishlist : Camera , bicycle , wig . 
i want to wear grown up dresses and do work i love . 
If I can get this done today , I'll deserve ice cream . 
sometimes it takes forever to find out what the questions really are 
if i were smart i'd go to sleep . 
OK so I need to finish this and sleep tonight or I am totes scrwd . 
good trailer ' cept voldie talks too much . 
The world is always strangest when it finally makes sense . 
I have untangled the leaf necklace -- all by myself -- so there . 
I really , really need to get used to eating and sleeping . 
I think I know what I want to do after I graduate -- and it's a huge surprise , and it might not work . 
I will have the perfect schedule next semester . I'm only thirteenth on the waitlist 
keep your hat on . 
Vendela\ 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming to Odyssey Bookshop . 
the top keeps spinning ... we never see it fall ... 
eating all sorts of leaves ... < PROPMALE > salad . 
for my birthday i want a billion megapixels 
for my birthday i want fun . that's all . 
i'm spending the weekend before my 21st watching \peanuts\ " and learning how to ride a bike " 
I FOUND MY WINDOW NECKLACE !!!!! easily my favorite thing i did today . now i just have to find my purple sweater . 
YAY , YAY , YAY CA HAS CRED AGAIN 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! 
Back in NYC . Oy gefilte fish . 
Do not worry . Everything is going to be juuuust kickass . 
does anyone know when the org fair is ? i can't find it on the site 
I want to digitize our style guide . 
Speakers are better than air conditioning . 
I have to focus now and it totally sucks . 
Yaaaaay , that actually went quite well ! I can breathe now and even get Starbucks . 
is the proud owner of < PROPFEMALE > glasses . 
was in Mystic , CT today -- on a mothaf*ckn boat ! 
My registration woes are gone and everything is going to be finetastic . 
Tomorrow I get to be in high school for a day ... How to make the most of this opportunity ? 
Homework , meals , strategic planning . I've got this all under control . 
YAY , YOU GUYS . YAY . 
Did I we just get elfed ??? 
I love my postcard . HAPPY SENIOR YEAR YEA ! 
Whirlwinds sweep in circulation , masses sidle forth to meet ... 
is having wonderful problems . 
Good to know I'm not the only one with a < PROPMALE > Beale complex . 
FREAK NICHE = new band 
is that vodka cranberry ? no , it's a vodka pomegranate-blueberry . 
despite everything , people are awesome 
Ummmmmm . carrel . still drunk . 
If anyone wants to take a break from studying to help me add all these names to section lists , I'll be in 324 for quite a while ... 
I want an oratorasaurus . 
Today is going to be the greatest ever . 
I have 35:55 s of footage for all you douchebags who missed today . ( That word does not apply to anyone with a valid excuse , e.g. work obligations or broken bones . ) 
Life can be as simple as politics hw and a chocolate cookie . 
omg life , slow down . 
Why am I physically incapable of sleep . 
I might not be the healthiest person right now but my teeth are brushed and my T-shirt has < PROPFEMALE > Petrillo on it . 
Oh my god , ex-college dems . STOP E-MAILING ME . 
i am now in a homework trance 
Are you kidding me 
Everything is about to get sane . 
What the fucking hell . 
yeah competence ! 
If you see my glasses please call me . Errrgh . 
It's Thursday night and I have a paper on medieval alliteration , design training and a backlog of logistical problems to tackle . OK , let's watch \Glee . \"" 
What can I say ... it's a trigger . 
I have a cold . My face hurts . 
I FOUND MY TORTOISESHELL FRAMES AND GAVE THEM A KISS 
not sure if i want to see the fb movie . i'm not usually a big fan of lies . 
Just realized Arnie is going to sing \Bizarre Love Triangle\ " at some point . His voice is perfect for it . " 
I'm getting out of here in like ten seconds . Really . 
I wonder if I am dumb enough to stay up watching \Alice's Restaurant\ " tonight . I really hope not . But then again ... " 
I just hope that's the last thing we have to add to the Wall of Deterrence . Ever . 
Shit happens . The perennial question : why ? 
Anyone willing to drive me and < PROPFEMALE > Gass up from < PROPMALE > International on Wednesday around 5pm , let me know ! Will reimburse for gas . 
lol vegas night . 
It seems to me you live your life like a candle in the wind , fyi . 
Found my phone in the box with my \Guess Who\ " board game . Nice . " 
goodnight , my poor tired brain . 
needs a safety valve . 
is talking too much and wasting so much time , it is bad . 
is going to hampshire halloween . 
and now it is library time . 
asdfghjk i came here to eat peanuts . i got stuck with an ethical dilemma . 
No more words . No more thinking . Just ramen if I can find a nickel . 
Everyone has gone out of their minds . Thanks . 
is librarying 
needs a corkscrew ... 
being an adult is like the daft punk song -- it's harder but it's better 
dooooooone . omg srsly . you would not believe if i told you . 
OMG , < PROPMALE > is dating the singing < PROPMALE > Potter . OMG . It's like The Lonely Island all over again . :( But good for him . 
had a weird dream that I went to witch school . 
He was spotted by the paintings on the third floor ! The dogs playing poker peed on the carpet ! The Screaming Man has never looked more terrified ! It took the entire Last Supper to calm him down ! 
dreamt I got a text from someone named < PROPFEMALE > Povde asking if she could do a spread on American Airlines . wtf ? I don't know any < PROPFEMALE > Povdes . 
Some sad bitch stole our \HELP WANTED\ " sign . I am not demoralized . " 
nursing an exploding head in the libe . welcome to join . 
I officially have 10,000 unread e-mails !!!!! Woohoo party !!!! 
if you are around and happen to share my bleak INTJ worldview , i'll be doing my application essays today . join me if you like . 
triiiiiite triiiiite triiiite triiiiiite triiiite triiiite hopelessly trite . 
one assignment left . Let's do it later . 
Apparently , I'm done . But nothing is ever done . 
baaack 
Allow me to be a complete simpleton : OBVIOUSLY you'll get Stuxnet if you're only using Windows ... 
Everything happened today . I even made a salad with lox . 
Thursday is over . Not friggin bad ! 
Franky + Grace + < PROPMALE > + Alo = best besties ever . 
Looking forward to another semester of perfectionism-fed delirium ! Everyone is going to find me a singular kind of insane this spring . Yay ! 
My head is thumping eerily and I'm surrounded by crazed people . 
I'm going to bed because I suck . 
Just sent it . First e-mail of this project . We've officially begun . 
Mini's gay 
Oh , come on people . Am I the last person on earth who watches ( illicit livestreams of ) TV ? Mini is so gay . 
With the exception of the lines he's forced to recite , < PROPMALE > Criss is the only thing that makes Glee watchable . 
This entire week is going to be completely , obnoxiously insane . 
Everything is slightly dumb at the moment . 
In spite of it all , I will miss this . 
That actually sorted itself out . In a twisted way that shows me just how much needs to be changed . 
We are now in the newsroom holding our Open House . Everyone , COME . 
my life is relatively very nice . 
Can't think of a status update that's not passive aggressive , self-pitying or alarming . So ... < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
Good . Now I can sleep . 
Just failed at napping . Again . 
\I just hope those assholes realize I haven't complained about them once \"" 
So < PROPFEMALE > Holiday went to a women's college . This makes my day marginally better . 
I now have a Decision To Make . Well , a few . 
Unless someone thinks of a better idea , I am definitely going to be in NYC next year . 
By which I mean that I got into the grad schools . Honestly . 
Positive Thought #1 : A lesser known side effect of sleep deprivation is shor t-t erm euphoria . 
Sometimes , the thing you least want to do is the thing you most want to do , if that makes any sense . Or maybe \you want to do the stupid thing\ " is more apt . " 
I closed my eyes for two hours and then opened them , and for some reason , I was still tired . This is not fair . I'm so much better when I feel like a person . 
YAAAAYYY . TWENTY-FIVE PAGES OF DRECK LITERALLY ABOUT DRECK . My lot is improving . 
10 years from now , we'll have fewer fuck-ups and a permanent ____ . pretend i'm not talking about this on my fb . i'm just saying , everything is a process . 
