down to 102 friends .. i'd like to delete more but I already eliminated the ones that don't talk , haven't known them , arent funny and aren't staying because they're hot . < PROPFEMALE > if you end up missing . you can re-add and prove we're friends 

anyone else have loooots of homework ?? 
is sleepy . wow so much to do so little time .. 
wants to know whats poppin fo fo fo-fo folks 
hello world .. anyone care to chat with me tonight before i hit it 
so when I procrastinate that's one thing , but when parents do i guess you're just screwed huh ?.. ughh I can't get things done . it's so annoying 
wonders if there are any girls that think he's cute . 
just got home . plans for tomorrow ? lets do it 
my heart hurts , not because I'm sad , not because of love or a woman , but because change is painful sometimes ... I dunno how to explain how I feel . I'm just going to call it growing pains . 
is sleepy 
wonders if boobs look better in a 3 million dollar bra 
Lil < PROPMALE > ? No Ceilings mixtape ? I'm Feelin it !! 
hey could someone off my mom ? im tired of waiting 
just got my SAT . It's an 1890 . 
shwayze's nw album is my soundtrack for a minute 
is < PROPFEMALE > glad the clocks went back . Ugh November is going to be tough . I really have to make sure everything is taken care of . No distractions . 
today was productive . gonna work on a few things tonight to get on track for this week . how is everyone doing ? :) 
i wish I could freestyle life like I do everything else and have it tuurn out just as good 
over hyped for some reason ... probably cuz I was dead all today today 
well if < PROPMALE > invented it , I must own the copyright . no one can do it like me ;) 
no more underage girls after tonight . anybody wanna get it in before it will get me locked up lmao jkjkjk 
a little bird told me these girls aren't as innocent as i think 
hmm i need some aviators 
church on the move ... 
19 days before vegas baby 
is on top of the world for no reason at all . simply stated , Slick is back . :) iDely 
I'm going so umm .. hey girl , hey girl , hey girl , hey girl , hey girl .. Which one a y'all ? 
definitely 3 am 
Gee can anyone that has AP Stats mail me one of the projects ( CSA or whats your best offer ) they have saved so i can just change < PROPFIRST > and info . I'd pay for em . hit me up 
Hey girl you should lemme make yo Bedrock cuz I know you'll be running back , somethin like a sex jock ;) 
I'm up , Spirits up , Hit me up 
at the mall shoppin , fresh is not an option 
Big Tyme !!! Eff Diddy .. Red Jacket ! 
oh and hofstra acceptance came in 
is prep'n the suitcase :) 
My trip has been all expense paid .. THANK YOU Dice game I love vegas 
wonders if love is all you need . Can you really keep it without everything else ? I hope so , because I'm starting to doubt it's real agian =/ 
just got home from campaign office , errands , jogging .. etc . no rest mann 
Souljaboy stole my favorite instrumental in the world and effed it the hell up with lame Kill < PROPMALE > 
\im feeling like a < PROPMALE > standing around a bunch of pc's\ " ~ Nathan .. perfect quote " 
anyone else think souljaboy found a ghostwriter ?! like the new joints are all blazing outta nowhere 
when I'm loving you .. why would you wanna break up ? kinda obvious though isn't it ? 
Due to an increasing volume of relationship offers , I have decided to publicly announce that I will not be considering any relationships or attempts at love before the date of June 12 , 2010 . 
I'm going to relax whether it affects my future or not ! 
So I'm moving out on August 16th . No matter what happens I'm going . I'll most likely be headed to college on the west coast ( Pepperdine , UNLV , U of Pacific ) . If not i'm gonna be looking for work 
I'm epic . 
feels totally at peace with the world . Gonna get a rock band session in . Hit me up . 
has been asked if he was gay four times now ?! Really where the hell does that come from ? If someone can point it out I'd be very interested to know . 
Dude I'm so sick of having to wear clothes . Thanks alot < PROPFEMALE > , you just had to eat the apple ! 
ABDC is on season 5 ?! i really don't watch tv .. last one i saw was supreme soul's season which was what 3 ? 
heartache .. ugh any medicine for that ? 
ok so kenwood seniors .. school tomorrow orrr no ? 
when is spring break ? 
Good morning everybody :) If you're sexy and you know it hit me up 
First half .. huge stop .. 1:10 to go .. colts punt it and waste the stop ... saints punt .. game over .. srsly rookie head coach 
UNLV I'm in there :) whaddup fam 
i can never sleep late even when I'm allowed 
bout to get a rock band session in 
ahhhh trying to lock down this unlv situation . phone calls to make tomorrow 
mom threatened my life a bunch of times . Including \I might kill you\ " \ " I will kill you\ " \ " Don't go to sleep\ " \ " If you eat any food I'll poison you\ " and \ " I will bust your head with this glass\ " Do I call the police ? " 
i gotta get back to Vegas and claim my life again man 
is gonna try reaally hard not to blow my election judge check on these < PROPFIRST > bans 
pretty active facebook night 
I wake up to find Boondocks got pushed back to may 2nd ahhhh man i was so hype . This is the story of my life . sigh I see how this day is going 
\It's not illegal ... it's frowned upon \"." 
O: the PSN Modern Warfare community is gonna be upset SlickOutlaw just mastered quickscoping !!!! 
pretty short but relaxing day .. this week will be a bit hectic getting things done . I think I'm gonna buy the new Pokemon Silver tomorrow just for the nostalgia . Pretty girls hit me up ? 
Pretty good day spiritually .. 
Vegas late may .. hit me up if you wanna see me when I come out 
If you're sexy and you know it hit me up .. clap clap 
ughh somebody just shoot me 
Back to the old grind .. working this out a day at a time . 
Ladies look at your man .. back to me .. now back at your man .. now back to me .. sadly he isn't me . 
is competive . doesn't like to lose . won't ever like to lose . refuses to continue losing . is a sore loser . doesn't like to < PROPFEMALE > around people who don't win also known as losers .. AHHH I'm gonna explode on someone !!!...... deep breath ... gonna go WIN and vent on a call of duty session . 
Can't even sleep . I keep thinking about today's game . Gonna work hard in practice . Not to mention my brothers over here on Warcraft with hella keyboard clicking 
so hot in ... so hot in HERE ! maan .. PSN - SlickOutlaw 
Miniskirt rule - skirt must be long enough to cover the subject and short enough to hold interest . Also applies to essays 
Baller , shot caller , Twenty inch blades on the Impala ! 
God is love . There is no love where God is not present . So simple and yet so often forgotten . 
so I was thinking about getting these Jabbawockeez tickets but I don't think I got anyone to go with 
just something that came to mind when I hear about all of these kids getting shot ... I've never lost anyone dear to me .. I never had anyone dear to me .. I think there are less than 11 that id mourn over and i dont think my mom is one ... kinda depressing 
its funny how some of my friends join groups at the same time even though theyre a 1000 < PROPMALE > apart 
I would say eff my life but it's screwed enough at this point . I feel awful 
So tomorrow is 4/20 .. who's getting baked ? 
can never sleep after bad losses 
Short tempered .. tonight .. gonna try to sleep it off 
lame day .. good night facebook .. leave me stuff ill get back tomorrow 
Just when you think life's all figured out , everything goes wrong . I'm starting to think life's just trying to see if we'll stick by what we know before we scrap our ideals to adjust 
off to eat . gonna hop on Call of Duty . then hop on later tonite 
are you the police ? no ma'am we're musicians . 
wants a cute friendly girl to talk and < PROPFEMALE > with to get my mind off some of this BS life is hitting me with 
today I'm just budgeting and planning my upcoming purchases and expenses . Then Call of Duty Session for a little bit then I'll see what everyone's up to . Bros and Lovely Ladies feel free to hit me up . 
If my name wasn't < PROPMALE > , What do you think it would be ? 
ugggghhhhhh Sick outta nowhere man I can't get any rest , breathe , or lose this headache 
headache , cold , allergies ugh I feel dead =( 
can't wait to make his triumphant return . 1 week/ 3 days left 
1 week and 1.5 days left 
A week left :) 
ughh i don't wanna do anything yet I have so much to do 
so if you're lonely ... you know I'm heeere waiting for you .. I'm just a crosshair ... I'm just a shot away from you . And if you leave here ..... 
Today is a very Franz < PROPMALE > day .. 
Got me a Macbook PRO ! I'm a < PROPMALE > ;) 
4 days left 
feelin like \yezzir ! \ " .... Pharrell bumpin " 
Illecism is THE most underrated rapper in ( or out ) the game hands down . tenga < PROPFEMALE > refresca v . 2 
fell alseep listening to illecism .. 5 songs later the joint went so hard I had to wake up to listen 
3 Days left ... I'm gonna definitely sync my music so that when I step off the plane , I hit the drum solo from \in the air tonight\ " by < PROPMALE > Collins " 
2 days .... 
So who wants to do something tomorrow night when \ 
i get to Vegas 
haha \umm I need a big bag for my clothes\ " ... Dad pulls out battle ravaged G.I. bag .. " 
first night in Vegas .. maan I was missing out on some crazy stuff for this past year . Chicago has really chilled me out 
What's up .. Anybody doing anything tonight ? 
is officially a UNLV Biology < PROPMALE > ( pre-professional ) 
Anybody wanna chill ? I kinda wanna get a slush at sonic ( happy hour ) but yeah who's free 
just woke up from the best mid-afternoon sleep EVER . missed my happy hour slush but totally worth it . my dreams were so bizarre 
went to the park to hoop tonight , got a good workout , plan to see some familiar faces at Senior breakfast tomorrow . Good Night everybody . God Bless . If you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow I'll be free at 12 ; I plan on getting a sonic slush during happy hour . 
somebody read me a bedtime story or something . that nap earlier is keepin me up 
I want do something with people tonight . All welcome .. females preferred . Karate Kid tomorrow night . so what's poppin fo fo fo-fo folks ? 
is in from an unintended hoop session , blew a ton of cash at Fashion Show Mall on some things , and is thankful to be off tomorrow :) 
Karate Kid tonight .. 
Karate Kid was awesome . gonna knock out a couple finals tomorrow . I cannot wait til next week . Yo I miss you bro . You're in my prayers . 
where's my phone ! i hate waiting on shipping 
I vibe to this chill reggae music and wonder why I don't smoke weed ... then I remember \that's right I need my brain functional ! \"" 
I was debating whether this is funny ... \you know < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died ? \ " \ " Whatchu talkin ' bout willis ? \"" 
Cleaned my body .. cleaned my space .. ready for another day .. what's going on ppl ? 
Red < PROPFIRST > was good . had a nice nap . its saturday . lets kick it 
TownSquare .. Memorial Day weekend .. Oh Let's Do It .. 
Got my new hat finally . Papa is a rollin ' stone ... 
nigga moments+nigga synthesis ( a perpetual bond formed in mutual appreciation of trivial or ignorant things ) = complete disaster 
interesting day .. Call of Duty .. BBQ meet up .. Strolling through the mandalay .. funny times at taco < PROPFEMALE > ... million dollar moments in walmart .. followed by night time tennis in the park 
I love all the love surging through facebook today with these something i like about you posts 
Cap and Gown Tomorrow ! hit me up with all the grad parties folks 
New phone .. like this status if you want the number 
Just waking up in the morning gotta thank God .. 
Finally got this grad attire which has been about a year overdue lol .. holla if you wanna chill ; I'm feelin ' good 
seeing karate kid a second time tonight . What else is goin down 
text me to sleep yo ( like for the new number ) 
Going to study a little , connect with God , pray for friends and loved ones and make sure He understands where my heart is .. Then I'm going on a job hunt . lol 
yo friday night . wuz goin down ? 
any wanna do a late movie tonight ? 
Reggae session on itunes radio . Jah man 
6 hours o ' sleep .. not bad . good morning all . bout to fill out this app . then laundry . then write a letter .. then you can make my day better .. hit me up 
folks what's poppin tonight ? 
K so party in henderson and one on grand teton ... which ones am i missing ? anything actually in town ? 
feeling clean and sharp . Mentally , physically , and spiritually . Let's tackle this last task and coast for the rest of the week . 
man just woke up . gonna be up late 
YEESSS BOSTON 
like this status if you like me as a friend , poke me if you think i'm cute , inbox me if you're crushing on me . put this as your status if your brave enough ;) 
105 degrees at 8pm !! really !? i guess sun doesn't matter anymore 
so tonights episode of the boondocks teaches us ... being nice to the weird kid doesn't always pay off sometimes it makes you an accomplice ? 
lol what if I named my son Sirius ? Sirius < PROPFIRST > lmao 
Got to be there .. Got to BE THERE .. in the mooorning ;) 
whaddup people ? hit me up like KA-BOW ! 
Why Not it's justFB .. see what people rate you \ 
[ 1 ] crazy . [ 2 ] wish we went out . [ 3]talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5 ] lovable . [ 6 ] sexy . [ 7 ] strong [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11 ] wild . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny [ 14]awesomly awesome . [ 15 ] amazing . [ 16 ] beautiful . [ 17 ] cute . [ 18 ] drama ... queen . [ 19 ] best friend . [ 20 ] want to get to know you . See More 
Trying to gather a team for Get Him to Greek tonight .. Oh let's do it ? 
Time to wake up and go take whats mine .. 
Early to bed .. Early to rise I suppose . Good Morning party ppls 
Don't lose ya soul . wisdom is bettah than silver and gold . jahman zion train :) 
wants to go eat before the party . stranded til a ride comes through though 
ohh not very warm out . might have to bring out rossi 
GOAL !!! lol I'm for England but I'm just glad to see some scoring hahaha 
had an interesting night . We saw some old buddies . Mikayla at Zumiez was helpful . Partied in moderation w/ new friends . Went home safe & sound with some urging from the local law enforcement . Sunday service was great today as well . 
woah no way 10:07 ? today blew by 
Can't sleep ... don't wanna wake anyone up .. ughh lame 
Thank Jah for the day . Hello World =) 
YES ! Fixed my Macbook Pro Airport issues . I love the internet . Such a wealth of knowledge 
Just waking up again . Crazy like beyond cinema type dreams lately . Now that I'm back on Earth , haha what's going on ? 
Este es la mejor musica < PROPMALE > mundo !!! jajaja 
WHOAA THANK YOUU !!!! GRAN TURISMO 5 COMING NOVEMBER 2 !!! I'm definitely pre-ordering the special edition 
< PROPFIRST>'s day was a movie for people with ADD . Don't recommend 
I could get with this or I could get with that .. but of course the choice is yours lol 
It's in the morning .. 
Man there's so much to absorb in the Word . Started study in May yet I'm just getting to Deuteronomy . Then I go back through and read the other versions and get more out of it . Then I go back to KJV and it's different than the first time I read it ! Definitely tougher than any other subject . at least it's a fun and rewarding challenge 
( 2 months ago ) Mom : \ You living here is not going to work . You need to get your shit together so you can move out\ " \ 
night facebook . 
or maybe i wont sleep tonight .. that's cool too =/ 
UNLV Account Before : You owe $ 9,508 . / UNLV Account After : You owe $ 2,883 . 25 . YES !! In-state is the business 
if you have not seen the Skyy < PROPFIRST > show on youtube watch the vids prepared to laugh 
boston let's go ! this one is for < PROPFEMALE > 
whoaa come on Common . that was uncalled for 
K cool . Back to the Bulls . Lebron and < PROPMALE > for 2010 let's get em 
hmm what to do at 2am . I need to get some booty calls haha jk 
God gave me some sweet new battle equipment this morning . It fits perfectly and looks great on me . He said seize all that you need , just remember to do it in My name . Let's go take over ! 
Ahhh Reggae is the best ... Just gonna kick back til someone decides to be social with me . Most likely gonna hit tonight's party . 
nearly ruined my perfect record in this game with one shot 
Since all my facebook friends are pretty much my peers , I'm going to have to conclude that saying Happy Father's Day won't reach many dads . But it is Sunday and the service was good so I'll definitely thank the Father 
Good morning everybody =) Today I've got school and finance business to take care of . All should be done by 2 leaving me open this afternoon . \ 
Thought for the morning : \Do you ever feel like you're seeking something more real than the people around you are ? \"" 
HONEST FOR 24HOURS ; You can ask me any question ( only in my inbox ) ANY QUESTION & you'll have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . 
Hello World ! Another good morning .. I've got no formal obligations , so today I'll probably read or job hunt from home until I find out what everybody is doing . 
ok sorta backwards but I picked clothes now to find out where to go .. hit me up ppls . text it 
Today was awesome . Didn't get to see exactly who I wanted but it worked out . Scoped out some great apartments .. I think it'll be moving time extremely soon . just need green lights from the bros 
Qualifications : an applicant w/ customer service experience .. I've been a customer all my life I know how these interactions go down .. You smile , greet , be a pest about a new product , lather rinse repeat 
Man thunderstorms in Chicago , I actually do miss you . I can't even wear Valentino here =/ 
winding down faster than a exotic dancer on a greased vertical metal pipe .. wanna talk hit me up .. if not ZZz . zzzz . 
hahaa oh man I remember a point when simply calling out \BALLIN'!\ " could get an entire room to perform a shooting hand gesture . Weird how new music turns classic .. " 
ughhh advising session at unlv at 3 . I have no clue how I can get back =/ help 
Lol okay so I'm absolutely stranded at the forum shops . I think I'm gonna pick up some apps until I can find a rescue . The line at Apple is madness . But hey anybody in the area ? if not , I've got gas cash . 
might have to bite the bullet .. No one is available with a car in the next 3 hours ? 
Yes free iPod touch ! CAN touch this lol 
is posted at UNLV until the SOAR kidds are finished up .. 
I think it's gonna be nap time pretty soon .. 
I just need somebody to loooooooove ! 
I hoped you were the one . I guess .. you were the prototype 
oh boy whaat a lonnggg day . I don't know what to do about some things that are going on . I just feel dizzy with all the BS . Gotta get back to God . Nothing else really matters anyway . So back to working out , reading the word , and finding work . Priorities .. re-engaged 
\You wanna come home ? \ " \ 
movies were pretty cool today .. too bad the middle school age group owns town square . hey any going ons tonight ? 
is Blessed this day . All those who bless me will be blessed ; all who curse me will be cursed . 
wants to start an optometry club at UNLV . I think it would be cool to do . I'll keep it in mind until I sort out the details and money 
... I throw my hands up in the air sometimes .. 
Operation : Cute to Sexy by September 5 , 2010 is in effect .. Gotta wake up early to beat this heat or get it in at night . 
So my iTouch that was supposed to be free after a rebate showed up at my door . I'm very happy and yet I'm hoping my dad didn't just buy it w/o the rebate because i mentioned it .. He's that kinda guy ... 
is feeling refreshed this morning . Gonna do small workouts and read < PROPFIRST > and Deuteronomy throughout the day . Looking forward to The Last Airbender tonight . Hit me up wouldjah 
Heading out for The Last Airbender ( aka the movie that should've been called Avatar but whatever ) in about an hour . Txt it after that . 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : If you are a fan of the real Avatar ( the airbender ) , or movies with good acting , or not being forced to wear 3-D glasses for no reason , DO NOT GO SEE THE LAST AIRBENDER IN THEATERS !!! IT SUCKS 
well the car should be here this week .. I wish it was a Ninja .. but that's okay at least the car will be a bit more comfortable for a special lady friend that wants to ride around .. still the ninja is wayy sexier 
how come the people I have the most mutuals w/ are people I never < PROPMALE > out with lol we need to fix that 
Chilling at UNLV for a couple hours .. Got my workout in for the morning .. It's day 2 but I'm wayy sore .. a good sore though . What's going on today ? 
Playing with Reason and loving it .. making music w/ a click here a click there 
soreness is starting to fade .. time to workout .. 
Just finished working out the body .. still debating whether to rest tomorrow morning or run again .. now time to work out the spirit .. gonna go for the finish on Deuteronomy tonight and watch the Wednesday study I missed online . I'll be up awhile . keep me company ? 
is getting up from the nap ; can't run tonight because the calves are wayy to sore to walk ; will do some upper body sets in an hour or two ; bumping some tunes .. whats poppin folks 
Rate me 1-10 . If you want to specify a category you're rating , feel free . Like the status and I'll rate you . 
I'm only gonna break break your , break break your heart ... except you babe .. I want you .. I'll never leave you broken .. you'll be my only . Baby are you down down down down down ? 
I think I wanna lace another track might have to pull out the pen and pad 
So I refuse to go see twilight without a female companion . Regardless of how interesting it probably is , I'm just not doing it lol . Holla if ya wanna go sometime 
Man I got everything and I'm still so empty .. Only thing keeping me going is the reason God sent me .. So I keep smiling .. I keep being friendly .. Helping everyone with the love God lent me .. 
realizes that living with God has enhanced my life greatly , but living FOR Him will give me control over my life .. 
The recommended pages are so funny . Money - many who like women like this . Eating - many who like sleeping like this .. 
I wanna start school already =\\ 
Ate and is now going to sleep . Work at 12 . Long day , long week , long month ugh back to working out to tomorrow though . I'm not sore anymore 
I wanna see the girl who does the vocals on Owl City's Saltwater Room she sounds hot lol 
just got back from a job tonight . Get my cut in the morning .. Drug dealing is wayy easier than they say , but pimpin ' that stuff ain't easy ahahaha jk good night or morning or breaking < PROPFEMALE > or whatever it is 
Rest of the summer to do list : \ 
See Grandma . \ 
Continue getting in shape\ 
Get my car ( which my parents are taking care of)\ 
Find work . \ 
Find Roommates . ( holla if you're really serious)\ 
Find an nice apartment ( though I kinda know where I'd like to go ) . \ 
Buy Books . \ 
Start school . \ 
Find a lady to warm up to for the upcoming cold winter . 
oh man I feel like I'm in critical condition . It's good though I wanted to run extremely hard since it's been a couple days . wanna hit 3 more sets of 30 so I feel sore later . 
Ayo ... check it .... uh .... chea ..... let's go ..... uh huh .... yo ..... yo ... ok ..... let's get it ... yeah ... alright ... Hopped back in the BEDD , turned my < PROPMALE > ooon , and logged on facebook . i don't feel like getting up , yeahhhh its too < PROPFEMALE > awww 
sooo yeah I sit in dark rooms alone pretty often .. I should be like a layer of glittery skin and 2 more abs away from having legions of women that want my kids right ... or does it only work if i have millions of dollars ? 
Good morning :) no plans today .. Just call or text if you wanna chill . I think I might do a predators and despicable me double feature this weekend . Winnebago Man is supposed to be good too .. Interested ? Gotta hit the DMV Saturday morning . 
Finished Deuteronomy . It took a lot outta me .. gonna take a nap and get into < PROPFIRST > 
more fun with these ! - like this status and I'll tell you what I honestly think of you . no matter how harsh or embarassing it may be . repost this if you have the guts to tell all ! 
So I just had the most intense talk about childhood and memories with < PROPFIRST > . that conversation took a crazy turn and then we started talking about hypothetical if we had kids scenarios . man oh man ladies you can trust us as your baby's father .. in 9 years though when we can afford em 
OH no no no .. no more talking about settling down before going to bed . What was scary wasn't the awful married life .. it was scary that I liked it .. sweet house though 
driving a stick is a < PROPMALE > trickier than I thought just because coming off the clutch right takes some attention that I like to give to the road .. with practice it'll be simple though 
YES ! Bulls are gonna rock this season .. < PROPFEMALE > , Korver , Deng , Boozer , and < PROPMALE > ! Lebron would have been nice but whatever he'll regret it now 
Great night on the strip w/ too many people to name . DMV tomorrow .. gonna try something and hope it works .. then movies I believe . 
Ladies , does your man look like me ?.. no .. Can he smell like me ?... Yes ! haha < PROPMALE > is awesome 
Predators then Despicable Me .. sounds like a good evening 
love & respect .. the languages of the entire universe 
Since everybody did theirs already ... \ 
\ 
If you like this status I will tell you what I like , dislike , love , my first impression and my confession .. 
facebook parties are dope lol hella chat window open with the 2 ppl sitting 2 feet away 
6:35 in the AM .. getting back from the gym .. no sleep for me 
Inception ..... O_o 
I love getting the eye contact when you're with your guy and I love it when I catch you turn around and i grin and you smile and he has no clue 
okay fine 3am workout .. you made your point . YES my arms are sore . abs are cool though 
Hola mi gentes ! Que paso ? 
Tattoos aren't a deal breaker , but I do prefer your smooth , soft , clean , beautiful skin to something marked up .. =/ 
it's 6:24 am .. just got home from ( in reverse order ) < PROPFIRST>'s , Pool Hall , Bowling , and Darian's ... Now that i'm in bed I'm not really tired just don't wanna move 
totally bound to the confines of the home .. because I have to be here when my car is delivered !!!! so if you wanna see me you'll just have to stop by :) 
Hahaha how would you like to be serenaded on the < PROPFEMALE > , while surviving on the oxygen in my lungs via a passionate kiss ... 
Just getting home . Been catching the sunrises all week . had a good workout this morning . I want the soreness to kick in soon 
\knock knock delivery for a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 2005 nissan sentra ? \ " \ 
Gonna watch some anime .. It's been a long time since I've done that . first up Hajime 
aww i think my $500 is about to vanish 
They got all the right friends in all the right places . So yeah , we're going down 
i suppose becoming nocturnal is natural when daytime temperatures stay around 115 . lmao if I find other women who stay up all night like myself and we breed , do our children have a predisposition to being nocturnal as well ? Doesn't that count as natural selection ? anyone wanna start evolving ? hahaha 
Good Morning Chicago .. Good night Vegas 
Time to reorganize and refresh like an old webpage . 
So who's partying ? Me and a < PROPMALE > are sort of curious . moreso the < PROPMALE > 
wherever I go I always say that I'm from out of town , just because I never quite fit in where I'm around 
So I've decided I don't want to take Intro to Politics in the fall . I'll save it for the spring . In the mean time I need to fill the spot with another Gen < PROPMALE > course . Anybody got ideas ? Good ones at UNLV ? 
so i switched Intro to Political Science ( PSC 101 ) to Psychology ( 101 ) . I'm pretty satisfied right now . It may change , but at least I ditched my late Tu/Thurs . So I'll be out by 12 on tuesday and 10 on thursday 
When am I finally going to have it all ?.... man I don't know at this point . All I can do is estimate , but I'm sure of one thing . I'll give everything I do have to being the best person I can . If I can say I've changed your life for the better , my success is already achieved . 
okay true I'm not laughing out loud but I am smiling reeally hard so I asure you I look just as goofy to everyone else 
Napp time .. Txt me and I'll get to it when I wake . 
Why do you spell lovely with two E's instead of the y ? \ 
Because I'm calling you wifey by giving love and my last name simultaneously ;) 
had the most awful workout at LVAC .. just too tired too work out hard 
I was contemplating today whether it was good or bad that I've never had a big emotional break up . My relationships have always just sort of ended . Like ... \ 
\ok were done now eh ? \ " \ 
ahhh cant find my ipod . i think it makes a noise when i get notifications though so i think its around 
got my permit for the third time . maybe this time i'll schedule a test before it expires .... especially since I had to pay to test this time . good morning facebook ;) 
just waking up in the evening , gotta thank God . I dunno but today seems pretty shot . cuz I got a lotta rest , no stress , and Vegas weather with no sun is always best 
is wondering who he can < PROPFEMALE > with tonight .. 
mmkay so maybe bowling at midnight with some people . anyone else down for it ? 
I'm sooo exhausted . I can't even think at the moment . I'm wayy overwhelmed , and I'm not even the person getting married tomorrow ! < PROPFIRST > is the best all around guy I know , and < PROPFEMALE > is a very smart , talented , and wonderful woman . These two are blessed and I'm happy to be apart of their lives :) 
lots of parties but I am not Driving .. so who wants to roll with me .. and do the rolling lol . so parties at Palms , South Vegas , and Charisma 
thinking about taking a walk ... around the park ... after dark 
Just glad tomorrow is Sunday . God , I'll be wanting to hear from you . 
I gotta say \today was a good day ... \"" 
Thought for the night : Why are the amazingly attractive girls the insecure ones , and the awful ones the most confident ? My guess is some dude screwed up w/ the amazing one and left her hurting , over some lame easy one , whose confidence was built in the process . smh 
I'm feeling poetic so I made a beat and wrote a couple bars ; if you heard the track you might say it sounds a little dark , really I just wanted to get some things up off the heart ; I must say all in all the lyricism goes hard ; cuz I found it surprisingly ill , kinda like Sars :) 
street fighter vs . tekken . Im kinda hype even though I think theyre gonna mess it up 
God letting me know \Mada mada dane\ " . All love though . " 
time for another deleting spree . too many unknowns 
FINALLY I have a car .. too bad now it needs new shoes , sunglasses , ID , and some gas . I mean it's my new baby but raising this kid is expensive ! Gonna be broke till late August 
LOL I guess 1-3am is when our age group goes to playgrounds to relive childhood . Still gotta wait your turn for the swing haha Do we still get to \hit\ " the girls we like and hope our friend doesn't say they have cooties ? " 
Some balls are held for < PROPFEMALE > and some for fancy dress , but when they're held for pleasure they're the kind that I like best ... lol 
Had a good night of Bowling and BWW w/ friends .. Even though I got dragged outta bed at midnight . Ran into Lex too ! \ 
\There's this thing called sleep ? You should try it\ " ~ Me\ 
Like this status and I'll rate you on a scale of 1 to 10\ 
AND to be different from everyone else I'll give you a point breakdown 
shower . clean . christ . eat . ps3/txt/fb . sleep . That's my day . \ 
Tomorrow I'm gonna get a planner . Work on my car issues . Maybe open my bank account . Tuesday through the week it's time to grind . 
drifting into a quiet insanity ... it feels like peaceful calamity ... off in space staring down at the planet see .. i just wanna conquer the world singlehandedly ... 
I reeally feel like watching < PROPMALE > Gump .. buut of course I don't have it . so I'm gonna go run 
gonna try sleepin now . text me it might help since i always fall asleep on people lol 
Step up was cool . Lots of dancing ; meets expectations . I'm sick of 3D though . I hope that's not really the future . 
PSA - FACEBOOK IS A PUBLIC DOMAIN FOR SOCIAL NETWORKING . ONCE YOU ADD FRIENDS THEY ARE NETWORKED TO YOUR FRIENDS TOO ! STOP CRYING BECAUSE SO&SO ADDED THE ATTRACTIVE GIRL YOU WANTED TO FLIRT WITH . YOU DIDN'T SAY YOU WERE GOING TO SERIOUSLY PURSUE A RELATIONSHIP , SO YOU DON'T OWN THE RIGHTS TO THEM ! 
So much nonsense just pounding away at my life ! \ 
I just wanted to come , be with friends , sort out school , grab my car , get to a job , get to my girl , lastly the apartment . what do I get ? \ 
my car was tampered with before I got it , women who are fine on their own , friends that argue behind each others back , unemployment rate through the roof , and no willing roommates . \ 
Thanks for God , at least I know he's always true . 
is having a good day . Let's turn it into a good week 
took my afternoon nap .. so what's up world 
I feel like a senior citizen ! I just want to chill and get everything discounted . It takes to much energy to be runnin ' with you young folk . Can't wait to be runnin with the rebels though . 
\what do you mean no one is perfect ? That's the whole point of Jesus ! Everyone's perfect now ... actually saying that ... I can see why people would be skeptic \"" 
Vegas needs more beaches , so I can do the < PROPFIRST > McConaughey thing and run on the beach . California needs to hurry up and become marijuana island already ! come on San < PROPMALE > fault line do your stuff . 
Outside they look alike , but do you wanna know the difference between a \player\ " and a winner ? \ 
off to sleep .. running again at 5am tomorrow . much love and goodnight everybody 
about to run , rinse , read , and rest 
Mann all my nice clothes have been on hiatus . In Chicago , I could dress up just to go Downtown . Somebody give me a reason to suit up again . I'm bored with Vegas casual wear 
did my running tonight . Stamina is definitely on the rise . had a nice shower and now it's time to wind down . Feel free to text the cell . I'll be reading . Much love facebook . Good night . 
Writing raps in my rhymebook , well more like macbook and once I finish verse one , it's on to the track hook 
kinda bored .. Anybody wanna go do something ? it's about to get hot too so if you don't wanna be indoors lets make plans for tonight . 
watching Black Dynamite .. Pure Comedy 
my bro saying girls are scandalous . the girl saying dudes are jokes . shwayze was right back in the day when he said hollywood aint no place for lovers anymore , and it ain't < PROPMALE > place for us . forget theater and drama leave it to the stage 
Just getting in from the Expendables red carpet premiere . It was great seeing my old friends < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . It's been awhile since we < PROPMALE > out . The movie was amazing as well . nice work bros 
Just ran a lot of < PROPMALE > . had to make up for the 2 days I missed . I feel a little better . Gonna drop the last 7 lbs this week . 
hey if you're at unlv this fall you should message me you're schedule so I can see who's doing what . I kinda have nice gaps between classes 
Fresh out the shower . Ran a nice few < PROPMALE > tonight . Time to throw on the robe , relax , and be electronically social ;) hmu 
Only when you have come face to face with the light , will the darkness be placed behind you . Turn not away from it . For as long as the back is turned to the source of light , darkness is ever before you . 
Maybe it's me , but I think being hurt with the truth is the better alternative to being hurt by a liar . At least I'm honest about wanting to please you , even if I can't manage to find the words that do . 
\I just wanna win .. \ " ~ Derrick < PROPFEMALE > " 
Time to turn the swag back on .. 
One of the best feelings is when things you order finally come in the mail ( bonus when your unsure if they're good and they're AWESOME ) 
\Oh you must not know where I'm from .. The Wishanigga Woods ! \"" 
my mind was on the border of switching back to the old me .. For the world that didn't know me then , that was a very cold ruthless person . I like my new found warm heart , I hope I don't lose it . 
woke up sounding like < PROPMALE > White .. It'll pass I'm sure 
is just chillin ' to a Reggae Session . Holler at your boy =) 
5 more days til my life is accelerating again ! UNLV here I come lol 
mmkay so this show \finneus and Ferb\ " is on disney channel . This is a quote \ 
chillin ' on UNLV campus . Watching Iron Man w/ friends 
Is it me or does facebook get further into peoples business everyday . \ 
i not only know when my friends write on each others wall .. but it's also conveniently put together so i see everyone that talks to you . Facebook why don't you give me MY space 
Listening to - The Slim Shady LP . \ 
Classic Eminem 
had a cool night . looked real fancy , did some dancing , could've maybe used a little romancing lol i dunno it was fun . The frats are exactly like the ones portrayed in media 
woke up at noon . got some God . I'm taking another nap . lazy sunday . BIG day tomorrow . 
gonna get some things into my planner . pick clothes . pack the bag . set the alarm and make an attempt at sleep 
Straight A's baby let's do it . 
2nd day of school done . gonna re-read a couple things for tomorrow . Oh and if I added you it's because your in my hist 100 or < PROPMALE > 101 webcampus roster . Im a freshman trying to build a good circle of friends . \ 
English : 10- 11.15 \ 
Philosophy : 1- 2.15 
I'm not gonna front . I'm a little overwhelmed for no reason at this point . So many things just flying by . I just need to take a deep breath and really focus . Still loving UNLV to the fullest . Meeting more new people everyday . Hello everybody . hmu . number is in the info 
Jersey shore protien vodka ?! really now ? Matter of time before this hits frat houses 
Done for the day . time for the weekend ! I might skip premiere and just do an after party not sure though . Hmu if you wanna chill . I'm on campus for a minute 
Hi !.. My school is .. What ?!.. My school is .. Where ?!.. My school is chicka chicka UNLV ! 
There are a lot of things to overcome .. but I heard what I needed to hear tonight . I'm confident that everything is going to look up very soon . I'm just going to focus on the things I have control of and pretty soon I'll be where I want to be . 
About time ! Bank took the hold off my money and Millenium went through . Time to get this car running and save for my apartment 
hmm if I didn't take the time to contact people . I'd probably vanish off the planet . So I'm gonna play hide and go seek this week . Let's see who my friends are . 
hmm 1-2 < PROPFEMALE > writing assignment .. official procrastination time as of 7:14 .. approximately 2 hrs .. 
Boy : \You're so Dense ! \ " \ 
eng 101 clear . first assignment turned in . hopefully the grading on it is lenient 
Gonna take an afternoon nap . gonna relax this evening . hit me up if you wanna do anything this week though 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Not gonna finish everything tonight . =/ Back on my grind tomorrow . Too much reading to do . On a lighter note , I might take Khalifa's \Black and Yellow\ " and put my own verse down on it . " 
Now you fear punishment and beg for your lives , so I will let you free , if not for any other reason so that you can see the difference between a < PROPMALE > and a barbarian tyrant , so do not expect to suffer any harm from me . A < PROPMALE > does not kill messengers . 
feeling pretty relaxed , even my hair 
off to sleep 
dipped off on campus . alone time is always healthy . 
I laugh when girls say they've got the greatest guy in the world , while I'm sitting right here . I'm very happy you're being fully satisfied with what you have though ;) 
Waking up . Sun's up . Let's keep today on the up and up . volume in my headphones is up . you're up . so yeah what's up ? 
what a day/ night/morning ! time to knock out 
I need a vacation . Not the type that means a few days off to go < PROPFEMALE > out . I mean like a solo trip to a secluded faraway mountain cabin or beach . Preferably one with wifi though lol 
it appears that I'm well on my way to failing . This is awful . 
The humane have no worries ; the wise have no doubts ; the courageous have no fear . ~ the Master 
Had a pretty easy going day . \ 
Just saw Easy A . \ 
But its been quite a long day\ 
because I woke up early to start and finish an essay . 
best spot to sleep on campus ? 
Had a nice meal at the DC . sorted out an admissions thing . gonna try to take a nice hour nap on the second floor of the rec center . then basketball to get all these calories burned 
Before you give a bum a dollar .. give it to a college student .. We need it more AND have a < PROPMALE > to put it to better use . 
I usually go through phases where I want a good relationship or i would rather just have fun and be open with a fun girl . Right now I think I'm down for either , I think I just want a woman who knows what she wants . Sooo hard to find nowadays . 
thoughts as I wake : \I feel much better than last night . That was really good sleep . Valentino ( my biker Jacket ) sure did get a lot of attention on the strip 
Drake has Parkinson's when he raps lmao . just an observation 
Don't live everyday like it's your last . That would be foolish . But don't live today like tomorrow is promised , for this too is naive . 
Why won't it get cold ?! Hurry up winter ! I wanna wear my stuff ! 
Exams Tuesday . American Revolution and Psychology 101 . 
My body is like \what are you doing ?! I thought we stopped running a month ago ! \ " lol good run though . I'll feel it tomorrow " 
It's always something ... 
Had a great time at Sword and Shield . Thank you to all the brothers of Phi < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you Lex :) Looking forward to memories to come 
woke up .. crammed the psychology study session in .. knocked out the exam ( projected A or high B ) .. Got some laughs in history .. Had a nice debate/ discussion in the library .. time to relax 
I can not wait to be relieved of these exam stresses . After thisI think I'm gonna lift my spirits and get crucifaded this weekend lol ! 
History in the morning . My essay is unprepared . Multiple choice will be no biggie . Hopefully I can pull this off nicely =/ good night 
deleted 40 or so people . wanted to do more but im satisfied for now I'm under 250 
might call it an early friday night . had fun at the golf club today with Phi < PROPFEMALE > . Wanna chat or do something tonight ? text me to pull me outta bed , im down . 
The noble-minded say little and achieve much . 
Training with Apple tomorrow . I'm praying that I land this gig . God put in the good word for me . 
awww 87.5 on the psychology exam , 86 on the late english essay ... not off to a good start ... well time to reassess my work ethic . less talk more action in every aspect of my life 
DA BEARS !! 
The Misconception : Kissing is only an expression of love . \ 
The Truth : Kissing transmits germs from the male to the female to bolster the female immune system before and during pregnancy . 
Phi < PROPFEMALE > Theta .. RUN UNLV .. Nuff said 
So if I like Escape the Fate , who else do I probably like ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Vu always makes me feel like things are right where they should be when I feel stressed 
Sleeping in my own bed for the first time this week . I want to post a status to let the world know about the life changing week I had , but I need to sleep and process it all . Good Night . 
I really need to do this essay , so I came to the library for a good study environment . and whaat do I get ? a nice little couple hooking up at the table in front of me ... kinda not conducive to learning 
I really don't like it when people try to sound smart . To an intelligent and logical individual , it is always blatantly obvious when someone is spouting off , and yet , doesn't understand what they're talking about . Save it for politics please . 
mmkay I need a smarter phone .. I'm getting lost in my stupid inbox 
Cold as ice .. leave and don't think twice 
my nights of sleep at 4am up at 9am have become sleep at 9 pm , up at 4am 
Affion Crockett is the 3rd best rapper alive behind < PROPFIRST > and Wale , and when he parodies them he'll be better than them too 
chased the good life my whole life long ... look back on my life and my life gone . 
10/10/10 and I still haven't found the 10 I'm looking for lol 
I'm long over due for a kung fu movie marathon with my lil bro =/ ( bumpin Wu-Tang Clan ) 
A noble-minded person is different from others , but at peace with them . A small-minded person is the same as others , but never at peace with them . ~ Confucius 
3am to 8:30 study session . Sorry to the 5 missed calls and 17 missed texts , I went to sleep around 7:45 so I could wake up and study 
Aced my Psych Exam thanks to my awesome cram skills . All that's left today is history 10-11am . hmu or text it ; I'm on campus all day 
Just got home . Time to get ready for school 
well this isn't good .. 
Post this as your status and see what people love/like about you ( this could be interesting ) . I love/like your ... 
105% on my psych exam ?! Swag . 
So if you're lonely ... you know I'm heeeere waiting for you .. I'm just a crosshair , I'm just a shot awaayy from you ! 
Big Bro Batton ? Awesome . \ 
Lil Bro < PROPMALE > ? Fresh . \ 
Phantom Family ? Got em ' . \ 
Phi Delt Run UNLV ? Yes . 
It's Teeee Shirt Tiiiiime ! 
Sun's up . I'm up . You're up . Hit me up . 
Good night world , Back on the grind tomorrow . 
Today became my \Me\ " day . I've got to much to do . " 
24 hours until Halloween Hangover tomorrow at Gameworks !! 
costume meltdown , phone lost , halloween hangover in two hours :( eff today . 
Vegas isn't a party city ! If it was Phi Delts wouldn't make national news whenever we wanna have a good time . Apologies to all the lovely women that came out . 
Hey I woke up this morning , fully functional , no headache , and actually feeling pretty good , which means something went wrong lol . anyway I'll be chilling at mi casa until someone wants to do something . txt it . 
facebook asks \what's on your mind ? \ " but there's no way I could fit the answer in a status " 
I'm always going to love God , because to be ignored by the one you love is painful indeed . He has sustained me and waited in times I ignored Him , likewise I will not falter in trust or kindness to those who ignore me . 
k so next semester consist of Bio 197 , Chem 121 , and Math 128 for 13 credits . Do I throw com 101 , eng 102 or another BS class ? 
call of duty sesh . then killer essay .. then sleep . happy halloween kids 
feels like one of those days .. wish I could have a nice nap in the sun with an iPod , a good book , and a gallon of lemonade without any cares 
just got home . Time to get ready to leave again 
HONESTLY : if you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me , put a heart ? . If I am a good friend , put a :) . If you miss me , put a :/ , If you ever had a crush on me , give me a :P . If you're brave , put this as your status 
My head is too big ... 
black ops is dope . no question about it 
Is that Ice Cube warning me about enemy air support ? 
Just waking up in the morning gotta thank God .. I dunno but today seems kinda odd 
feels like ditching facebook . It's getting more and more evident ; technology doesn't enhance our lives ; It cheapens it for efficiency . \ 
It won't be an immediate shift , but I'm going to work toward living a more fulfilling life . 
Dec . 13 ; Chi-City !!! \Do you think about me now and then ? Do you think about me noww and thennn ? Oh ! Cuz I'm coming home again .. \"" 
Making personal webpages is fun , but time verry time consuming ... anyway should be ready by the end of the week 
my thought for the night is one I've had before . I'm not stupid . I ignore the things to save myself the drama , but don't , for even one second , think I don't know what's happening around me . I'm positive that I'm the most perceptive person you know . This goes to 6 people tonight . 
Girl , you're my angel , you're my darling angel .. Closer than my peeps you are to me .. ~ Shaggy 
Nice deleting spree .. back to under 250 friends , 249 to be exact 
Deathly Hallows was pretty gosh darn awesome .. Part 2 will be great 
UNLV Ladies get a nice holiday cheer surprise tomorrow =D 
Hey Lover , Hey Lover ... 
woke up at 4:30 .. I couldn't really sleep . Woke up thinking about the new antimatter findings =/ 
\If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land 
5 Days away from 19 .. I can feel the experiences of the passing year making fundamental changes . It's time to evolve again . This will be the third metamorphosis . 
just so everyone knows .. left the phone at fams house .. haven't gotten back to get it yet .. I'm not ignoring you .. 
I finally have my phone back . Not too bad .. only 23 missed txt and 2 calls . So you can surely hit me up again . 702-764-1222 
Bye because you left me and bye because you lied\ 
Bye because you're sexy and you know that you are flyy\ 
Call me up late cuz you know that I'd arrive\ 
So bye because I'm tired of being you're good guy\ 
Bye bye bye , we are not n-sync , and I will not come back even after ten drinks ! 
Twisted Fiction .. Sick Addiction .. Gather ' round children . ZIP IT ! LISTEN ! \ 
... on repeat . Can we get much higher ? 
You know what ? I gotta thank Yeezy , and when I see that nigger imma thank him ! Imma buy the album . Imma download that MF'er . Imma Shoot a Bootlegger ! lol 
DA BEARS ! It's these times I'm glad my friends are Eagle fans . 
Essay Tiime .. yay(sarcasm ) 
Not gonna lie .. there's a hole in my love for Sunday nights where Meeting used to be 
< PROPMALE > LaFontaine .. a hero to deep voices everywhere 
so what do you use when you can't focus ? Trance music of course ! Let's go tiesto ! Studies are about to be conquered . 
So I'm getting my haircut this week .. Fresh < PROPMALE > needs 12 votes ( or 7 female votes ) to stay w/ the high top fade otherwise its gone lol 
It'll be another year tonight at midnight 19 to be exact ... feels like 40 
are there any decent math 181 teachers or do they really all suck ? 
i should rock a gherri curl and wear a diaper like cupid .... Or something else stupid and see if people do it . ~ The Cool Kids 
( MESSAGE ONLY ) 2k10 is almost over . confess something you've been wanting to confess to me :) Post as your status && see the messages you get . 
Since I hate the < PROPFIRST > game , let's play something else\ 
like this status and I'll tell you what song describes you or our friendship 
so i thought i had a psych exam but i beasted the unit exams , so i didn't have to take it 
just got back to the house . not looking to stick around though .. wanna chill ?? just hit me up 
Packing up my things .. Text me today if you wanna catch me before I go . Chi-city , I'm comin home again . \ 
~ Rocketman 
LOL @ the TSA at McCarran lotioning his hands for the busty lady behind me ... 
guy : \Whats the fear of going to the doctor ? \ " \ 
just woke up . most of you are going to sleep huh ? 
Those of the loftiest wisdom and those of the basest ignorance : they alone never change 
sorry I've been MIA . kinda preoccupied . I wanna fill you guys in , but I'm just gonna reflect and keep to myself for awhile . be back soon 
Well if there's something I'm not good at it's finding things wrong with myself . I want to make resolutions , but I don't know how to challenge myself . So instead of making my resolutions right now I want to hear challenges for 2011 from you guys . Got suggestions for improvement or just plain something you think I can't do ? 
Congrats . You mattered enough not to get removed from my friends with the other 40 or so people . 
Good Morning . I hope everyone out there has what they wanted . In your enjoyment keep Baby Jesus in mind . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
What's important to you in 2011 ( or just overall) ? 
Da Bears ! Looks like will have a first round bye . 
Love is simultaneously something to live for and someone to die for . ~ Duane 
So much wrong with the world today .. 
If there's something myspace did right that facebook can't capture .. It's profile songs . 
Chicago is warm enough for a Thunderstorm this morning . This is perfect weather for my New Years < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > n the snow is washed away . 
so I just clicked \show older post\ " at the bottom of my wall until i got to 2009 . Lets look at what 2010 really was " 
Quote : \I'm done . You think you know it all\ " \ 
I like this bio professor already . she has the lecture schedule up for the semester already . 
< PROPMALE > . You said you were going to be true to yourself and honest as ever in 2011 . You said you'd be a good man to everyone around you . Man .. A lot of people are going to have sore toes when I'm done stepping on them . The world doesn't actually appreciate men of good character .. yet . 
Looking to make even more friends this semester , possibly reunite with old ones , and certainly bring out the best in my current and permanent friends . 
Well I'm exhausted . Gonna sleep well . Tomorrow I'll begin preparations for my return to LV on Wed . I'll probably have to hear the \lost wages\ " joke on the plane again . It's not as funny when you aren't a tourist . " 
What's going on Vegas .. Nice weather we're having . 
Learned is < PROPFIRST > ; Onward to < PROPFIRST > 
Peace of mind and warmth of heart is really all that matters . 
No reason to stay up late . I thank God for another day .. Living them one at a time . Carpe Diem . Much love . 
Many on their best day will say they feel like they are sitting on top of the world . How great it is to know everyday I wake up I am seated far higher than that . Especially on my worst days , Seated under the Most High . 
It's hard to stick to principles when dealing with people you care about .. so make sure one of those principles is to care about people 
if you could have a secret hideout , where/what would it be ? Any key features ? 
Our father , who < PROPMALE > in Chicago , football be thy game . Let Forte run , another Superbowl won , on e < PROPMALE > h as it is in Soldier Field . Give us Sunday a playoff victory and forgive us our penalties , as we defeat the Packers who play against us , and lead us not into the late season and deliver us to Texas . For thine is the D-line , Urlacher , Briggs , Tillman , < PROPFEMALE > and Peppers forever ... Amen ! Pass it on Bears Nation !!!!!!! 
Losing sleep on Calculus after the 2nd class . uuggghhhh . It makes me want to throw up . 
\Bachelor's degrees make pretty good placemats if you get ' em laminated . \ " \ 
Oh , I hear her voice as the cold winds blow\ 
In the sweet music on my radio\ 
Have you seen her ? \ 
Tell me , have you seen her ? 
I've got strength again ! Hopefully this is the last leg of this cold 
One thing I always wondered : if natural selection exist in nature , why don't humans seem to be evolving from a biological perspective . \ 
Today the answer came to me . Natural selection has been partially replaced with economic selection . 
hmm do I wanna watch the superbowl ? No . No I don't , but I have nothing better to do than watch < PROPFIRST > Rodgers beat the steelers while I sit by hoping the Steelers can pull of a miracle . 
\No human thing is of serious importance . \ " \ 
Doctor of Optometry is still what I'm pushing for . To let myself lose sight of the goal is to never help people see again . 
Perfect Friday . Now off to sleep 
I'm gonna study for my Biology Exam outside today . Just waiting for a few more degrees to come over and study with . 
yes its beautiful ! Suns out . Guns out . Love < PROPFEMALE > when i can exercise my second amendment right ! 
I don't love you because you're beautiful , you're beautiful because I love you . =D 
techno trance study sesh .. \ 
Sorry Bio exam , you will be belittled and subdued like Dr. E.D. MacMaster during the great snowball rebellion . \ 
~ Rush Phi Delt 
So apparently I missed three calls from < PROPFIRST > Lerner at 3am ..? Weird . 
I don't quite understand why I woke up at one and I'm still up , but I know I'm going to crash in the afternoon . Anyway about to do my English Essays and Study for this Japanese Exam . 
up since 1 AM . english essay . pizza breakfast . school . Aced Japanese exam . struggled/briefly failed to stay awake in Bio . Finished essay in 2 hour break . Saw my long lost < PROPFEMALE > . calculus , followed by eng . Turned in my essay . best 102 professor ever . out early again . < PROPFEMALE > pong . phi delt bball game . home . great discussion . pizza dinner . email part of the essay . fb post . text one person . CRASH . Much Love . Night 
Life goes so fast , then it goes too slow . How much life have I lived ? I really don't know . 
memories they soon delete ... hmmm ? 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
With Love and Loyalty , I seek Truth and Tranquility . 
< PROPFEMALE > me and broski walk up to the entrance ... Two attractive girls on their way out attempt to catch our attention .. In retrospect , they were trying really hard . thats like the 5th bad miss\ 
Sidenote : Hall Pass was beyond words . Enjoyable and irksome movie . 
Feeling good , Feeling great . Feeling great , Feeling good . How are youuu ? 
It's amazing to me that people still don't realize that the federal reserver ISN'T FEDERAL . Don't be a sheep . If you don't know what the bilderberg group is , find out ! 
Can you put the past away ? \ 
I wish you would step back from that ledge , my friend\ 
I would understand . 
Just waking up this morning . Taking the day off ... on my off day ! It's been such a busy past two weeks . Today = Study and chill all day . Do laundry and go meet my new twin . Much love broski . 
Dear < PROPMALE > O'Reilly , \ 
I just want to thank you for teaching me that when life's teleprompter doesn't work .. WE'LL DO IT LIVE !!! 
Yeah , I miss my little . Be strong brother . 
Haha the pokemon games never change 
There's gotta be an easier way to live . I just want a moderately sized , decently furnished home , with a library and wifi access and at least primitive plumbing , next to a waterfall that I can meditate under , in the middle of a very dense warm climate < PROPMALE > , with a pre-carved path , within 15 < PROPMALE > of a < PROPFIRST>'s club and a beach in opposite directions , at least 20 < PROPMALE > away from everything else . Is that so much to ask ? 
okay so It's Half Time in this Essay write < PROPMALE > , What sort of strategies should < PROPMALE > employ to keep this comfortable lead and pull of this A+ , which already looks like its in the bag ? 
So I'm in the edit tab and I see now that the relationship options now include civil unions and domestic partnerships ... seriously folks whats the point ? 
woke up and perfected the english essay . That class is a guaranteed A . Now time to get out of bed and hit these other classes studies harder than Dubstep out of two 15 inch subs . 
i need a graphing calc wednesday at 230 anybody got one ? 
You can't accept love ?! Love , the most beautiful , shiny warmy thing in the world , you can't accept it ? You can't accept pure love ? She's chosen to give you her life . She's picked you as her life partner ! And you play fantasy baseball because you can't accept her love ? 
Last chapter of Bio ! hopefully I can knock it out by 9 then spend the last hour or so of the night on Japanese 
Haven't posted anything since the beginning of the week .. I'll just say things aren't going like I want them to , but they're going like they were meant to . I'm enjoying every second I'm alive . 
Wish I was a little bit taller , wish I was a baller ... \ 
Actually , I might have those checked off , but I could use that girl who looked good .. I would call her . \ 
Great weather for bball 
All these guys are out here making money all these ways , \ 
and i'm spending mine to be smart . \ 
You know why ? \ 
Because when i die , < PROPMALE > , you know what going to keep me warm ? that's right , those degrees 
So I need to turn 250 into 650 .. Got any serious ideas ? If they aren't legal you might wanna inbox them to me lol 
Why does today feel so weird ? 
Friend count was getting kinda high ... Took it back down to 220 . 
Happy Founders Day ! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Morrison ! \ 
\Men like us are hard to ? nd \"" 
C'mon guys , I understand you're probably going to shower when you get back from the bball courts , but that doesn't mean you pass on showering for a couple days before you go . \ 
B.O. does not stand for basketball offense ! 
stupid daylight savings . I just get extra night time and wake up late . I'm not remotely tired . 
#%^#$#$%^ stupid Gran Turismo < PROPFEMALE > ... takes me out on lap 17 of 20 ARRRGGGHH . 
Question of the night asked by the roommate Brice : \ 
\ Hey < PROPMALE > 
A couple days left in spring break this week . \ 
Hit me up to < PROPFEMALE > out or go eat .... \ 
But you can't be any geek off the street , \ 
gotta be handy with the steel if you know what I mean , earn your keep ! ( RIP N . D . ) 
So my dream soundtrack last night went from < PROPMALE > Singing \Kiss\ " to Kanye and < PROPMALE > singing \ " See you in my nightmare\ " \ 
Crazy Dreams .. shootouts , shark attacks , explosions , imaginary best friend dies , and lots more stuff .. 
it's FRIDAY ! FRIDAY ! gotta get my bowl , gotta eat cereal ! 
ughhh homework ... Spring Break sure was nice . My watch says it's about time for school to end already . 
ehh I guess I'll stay in and watch Pretty Woman ( my all time favorite chick flick for the record ) 
Hmmm ... I suppose I'll do some studying today . Play a little PS3 .. Feel free to text ... Chill Tuesday ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAA @ < PROPFIRST > Brown and all his fans ! HILARIOUS ! 
I've got way too much energy and no way to blow off steam . Gonna be up all night at this rate . Head phones all the way turned up . I'm gonna party in my head .. 
I don't even have to watch the game ; I get the fb pro commentary .. second by second -_- 
When doves cry ... 
You and me we're goin ' nowhere slowly\ 
And we've gotta get away from the past\ 
There's nothin ' wrong with goin ' nowhere , baby\ 
But we should be goin ' nowhere fast ! \ 
~ I wish I had remembered these lyrics in that moment lol 
Feeling like some Metallica right now .. Lots of it .. Loud ! 
I don't have to use expletives or \%@#& you\ " to express my discontent . I'll say \ " I'm a < PROPMALE > vexed that you did that . \ " and go on happily with my day . \ 
Something has me feeling cold blooded with a low boiling point .. Like my heart is pumping liquid nitrogen ... 
ii need a beat to put these rhymes on ? 
Told ' em I finished school , \ 
and I started my own business . \ 
They say , ' Oh you graduated ? ' \ 
No , I decided I was finished . 
< PROPFEMALE > Smith , 9 . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , 12 . < PROPFEMALE > Black 14 . Kaya , 15 < PROPFIRST > Bieber , 16 . Miley Cyris , Barely legal . ... It's official . I'm an old man . All the people making pop music are younger than me . The music I grew up with is considered classic now . I knew we started a decade but i wasn't prepared to be old yet . 
You and I end up in a police car together . Using only four words what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status 
oh the woes of being a biology major ... \ 
\Wanna get married ? \ " ..... \ " Sure 
I've been getting distracted for too long now . This semester is coming to a close . A new chapter of my life is opening . I can actually feel the intensity coming . It will be a tough one if I don't get into gear . Calm before the storm is over . 
finished running tonight . Whew rough one . should only be about a week and a half til I got my swagger back . Trying to chill ? Me too . Lemme know what's goin ' down tonight . 
Yeah , Uh huh , I doubt you know what it is ! \ 
Bach and Mozart . Bach and Mozart , Bach and Mozart , Bach and Mozart\ 
good night all . 
\Sticks and stones may break my bones 
< PROPFIRST > ! A Love Story the whole \manly\ " can enjoy :) One of my new favorites . < PROPFIRST > Brand is a genius . " 
My brain has been running on overdrive the past few days .. I think I'm back to my \old self\ " . Now I just need something to focus on . " 
True or False : I'm black . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , I'm not big on social graces either ; however , friends in low places . NF\ 
Friends in high places . TFM 
Beautiful win Bulls ! < PROPFEMALE > is incredible . 
I'm wondering about the Rosicrosse Literary Society . Anyone versed on what the teachings of the Rosicrucian literature were about at the core ? 
today has been an insanely long Saturday . 
This Monday is coming to a close . I feel good about my Japanese exam , but still a lot of unfinished work this week . 
had a long talk with God . 
Old Spice Man , \ 
Fear not , for when you retire , I will be poised to take the throne .. possessing full command of all that is old and spicy .. have no doubt that I will embody charming and masculine .. Hello Ladies .. Does your man smell like a legacy ? No ? Then surely he doesn't smell like the man your man could smell like .. My facebook profile is now DIAMONDS . 
20 Hours to finish my Japanese assignment . 24 hours to finish my annotated bibliography with introduction for English . Let's do it . Cue the trance music .. 
While researching academic journals I found that University of Alabama has a Professor Doohwang < PROPFIRST > . It made me chuckle . 
Taking an essay break for the Bulls game . \ 
Side question : P . eople do realize Jesus was a real person right ? Whether or not you're Christian , he's not imaginary haha . I thought everybody knew that , but apparently not 
\Tonight is what it means to be young ... pulling all nighters to get stuff done .. \"" 
Japanese was cake today . Biology studies ensue this weekend . English conference was easy . Calculus got canceled . Got home and the latest manga chapter was out early . Got my debit card in the mail . Weather is nice . It's just one of those Ice Cube chill days . 
It's a weeknight but it's kinda my weekend since I'm going to be studying through the weekend . Anyone wanna chill tonight or tomorrow ? 
\Anybody that gets up in front of a crowd of people and has to read from a piece of paper has no business being there ! \ " ~ Howard < PROPMALE > " 
So I was SUPPOSED to study biology for my exam on Monday . Instead I spent an entire day researching UFOs , to inter-dimensional holes , to prophecies , to draconian/human relations , to underground channel networks , to cia/nsa cover-ups , to Armageddon , to the HAARP earthquake theories .. On the bright side , I'm probably on three new watch-lists . =D 
Another Friday .. This has been the fastest week I had all semester . Anyway , I feel great , so I'm going to go conquer this terminal disease I have ( life ) . 
Live in the now . Never fear the future . Never regret the past . 
BULLS ! 
God please don't let < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > get assassinated . He'll be the first candidate I vote for and the first I trust . 
Do I feel prepared for tomorrows exam ? Noooope , but I'm done stressing , one last skim and im going to get rest . At the end of the day it's just another scantron , I'll live to fight another day . 
I like having facebook friends in different parts of the country . It lets me see which direction trendy things come from lol 
It's time for my Bulls support post .. \ 
* Ahem * Let's Go Bulls ! Win again tonight ! 
So who's hiring about now ? 
Arrgghh couldn't pull the A . Stuck with a B for Bio . unless theres a miracle curve lol 
Chores , study , rest tonight . \ 
Haircut , Business calls , Party tomorrow . \ 
Church , Homework , Phi Delt ( Greek Organization of the Year ) on Sunday . \ 
3 weeks left til schools out and I start making moves . 
Yeeaah , I only keep good friends . I'm gonna delete a bunch of folks .. so if we haven't talked or < PROPMALE > out .. and we aren't close in some way .. but you want a pass on this round .. hit the like button . 
I'm not a big holiday guy , but I'm glad Jesus was the man he was . Just a reminder that I should always strive to be a better man , to show that his sacrifice has meaning to me . Much love Jesus . May I rise from my life , and subsequently my death , as you did from the cross . 
Going Places with Smiling Faces .. 
If I went to the gym , on the regular I'd never be able to chill .. too hyper afterward .. probably won't get to sleep til 4am 
ughhh !!! went into a coma .. watched the bulls game .. got online and ended up on yet another insane tangent of researching stuff regarding architecture , politics , human nature ( ie . nothing that concerns school ) . no homework got done and no communication has been made with my family in months ... life is seriously trying my < PROPFEMALE > . Tired of trying to achieve in these conditions . 
\THE WORLD = #PROPHETS or #PROFIT \ " ~ MIA " 
People are always saying \you can sleep when you're dead\ " ... \ 
I'm chill . I keep it real . Glad that I know how you feel . Won't look back , fade to black , love is still how I react ... \ 
#Livinglikeimdying 
why am i awake ... heading to dreamland .. hope i see some pretty girls there 
you know what ... I may or may not have just decided on entering into politics .. We'll see how long the thought sticks . I wonder if I could pull the needed votes . \ 
In the meantime .. I guess I'll start cleaning up my image , incase opponents try to go that route , not that they'd have much there anyway . 
\The only reason why they found Osama Bin Laden is because the PSN hackers stole his information . \ " \ 
Lied is not suitable for productive study . off to option 2 
Darn stayed in bad past 12 .. Well , I'll just call this day wasted . FInishing my English Essay and Japanese studies today . After that , End of school 1/2 complete . 
arggg .. must ... finis .. h paper 
What school's not out yet ? 
\ ... and now all they do is look around for you .. \ " ~ Plain White Ts " 
Dear Mother , \ 
I'm glad your good alleles were dominant and your bad ones were recessive . \ 
Sincerely , Your F1 Generation Offspring :) 
I usually don't blame referees , but I think they really costed the bulls on that one . 
Aced the Japanese Final . It was surprisingly easy ... Chillin in the Geed Library .. 
Barely put myself out of the A range but I just need a 76% on this Bio Final to walk out with a B .. and be done with this long year . On to planning bigger and better things . 
Thinkin about doin the Cudi concert in June .. Anyone going ? 
12:30 am .. Bio Exam in 22 hours . 16 chapters . commence cramming now 
