Sitting in the heat , watching movie clips on my computer , and just finshed posting new photos and emailing Deigo . 

Last week of Summer school ! Sweet ! 
Posted a favorite movie album ! Take a look and see if we like any of the same films ! 
I dislike emotionally explosive people . I just came from a party , and I would have had a good time , but someone over dramatized it all . He semi-ruined the evening . Some people . but hey , at least I got out , and I met some cool ( non-emotionally explosive ) people . Not a complete loss , right ? 
I've got English and Writing homework to do . Other than that ..... reading . I bougth a psychology book on psychopaths that should be interesting . What are you up to ? 
Walking to Starbucks with my mom . Then relaxing until I have math class later this afternoon . 
I have the distinct feeling that it is going to be one of those days . 
I'm off to ( English 2 ) Critical Theory class until 9pm , and then Geology on Thursday from 6 tp 8:50 pm . 
I'm a wee bit neverous for my geology test tonight . I need to do well on that test , and I really need to pass that class . I'll be studying hard . 
Hi Everybody ! I finally got around to posting a new picture of me . I took it with a Polaroid , and I scanned it into my computer . Please let me know what you think . Thanks , - < PROPFIRST > 
I spent the day rewriting the script for the 4 (?) time . Shooting starts this December ! 
Oh ... another week . I hope my stuff on ebay sells today . I've got 8 things ending soon . What iseveryone else doing ? How are you all ? 
\Why do I have < PROPFIRST > Bowie's YOUNG AMERICANS stuck in my head ?! \"" 
Just woke up from a 14 hour sleep ! 
Listening to music , doing laundry , and trying to figure out what I am going to do with myself this weekend ..... any ideas ? 
Tired from running back and forth to and from Fresno for my new job and for evening classes . Today's objective : not to have to drive anywhere ! 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Faithful's album Kissin ' Time . 
So bored that I looked around facebook for something to do , and WHAT DO YOU KNOW (????) I didn't find anything . 
Fit ? You mean fix ?? 
Thinking about < PROPMALE > Jarman . 
You make me feel ... mighty real ... 
Baby we can do it . Take the time do it right . We can do it baby ... do it tonight . Baby we can do it . Take the time ... do it right . Take the time . Take the time ! YEAH ! ( SOS Band ) 
BORED-BORED-BORED-BORED 
You could always catch a show during the early afternoon . Those are usually dead . 
Evil iced coffee . always makes me feel like a tweaker . 
The radiator blew on the car yesterday . Hopefully it will be up and running by Sunday . \ 
It is odd not having a car . 
\I should be so lucky . To come home and find you ..... waiting .... for me . \"" 
“Sandrine ! Sandrine ! ” < PROPFIRST > yelled as he cut across the empty field to reach me . I knew who it was without even looking up . < PROPFIRST > was the only boy who talked to me . I pushed my straw fedora further down my sweaty forehead , and dug my heels harder into the dry dirt that snapped like brittle chalk as I walked on it . 
All young boys are fast runners , and I knew he’d be next to me in a matter of seconds . “Did you hear ? ” he asked breaking into an even stride as he reached me . “Go away , please . I need to get home . ” “It’s some sort of holiday for all the workers today . Work has been canceled , and there is going to be some party . ” 
“Your mother would slap you silly if she caught you at one of their parties . ” “Pretty soon they are going to do it ! ” “Do what , Thomas ? ” 
Rent a flat above a shop . Cut your hair and get a job . Smoke some fags , and play some pool . Pretend you never went to school , but still you never get it right . Cause when you lay in bed at night , watching roaches scatter the walls , if you called you daddy could stop it all ! You never live like common people . Never failed like common people . You want to sleep with common people ? Sleep with common people like me ? 
Re-connected with an old friend . Gald to have made then a new friend again . 
People are crazy . Times are strange . This week gets stranger and stranger . 
Another day in ! It looks like there are going to be a lot of them in weeks to come . \ 
Got to make the best of it . I will prob read today . \ 
Good book : Exile and the kingdom by < PROPFIRST > Camus . 
Greatful for my few friends . They mean a lot to me . \ 
Going to read and go to bed soon . 
Feels good to be a published author ( again ) . 
You may be my lucky < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm the luckiest by far . 
Need to scan new photos into my profile . 
I know you’ve been waiting . Yeah . \ 
I’ve been watching you . Yeah .. \ 
I know you wanna get up . Yeah . come on . 
Working my mind and fingers to the bone on the new ( last ) re-write of the script ! 
I should be so lucky . To come home , and suddenly find you . waiting for me . \ 
( Grins hopefully as I think of someone . ) 
Wondering how exactly I'm going to be directing my actors on some on their more \physical\ " scenes . It's gotta be framed just right . " 
Meeting up with someone today . Hope it all goes well . We shall see . 
WOW : I can feel the coffee kicking in behind my eyes ! 
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , and bored . 
Okay people : Things that scare you :\ 
Me : < PROPFEMALE > Palin 
Fortunate to have a bottle of Tanqueray to keep my company for the next week . \ 
“I’ve done everything I was supposed to in life , and all I have to keep my company is a bottle of gin ! ” “Maybe you should try donuts with your gin ... ” 
Putting together a mix CD for my uncle in Palm Springs ! Gotta make sure it's good ! 
Okay : If I state at this computer screen any longer , I'm gonna go crazy . 
Time goes by so slowly .......... at this rate I'll be insane before mid summer ...... or even more so .... 
so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly 
Disappointed . It was nice , but I doubt they’ll get their act together . \ 
\C’est la vie\ " . But who said it has to be ? " 
I'm tired of waiting on you . You know who you are . 
House to myself for the afternoon . What am I gonna do .....? \ 
Going out to Fresno with Severa later this evening . 
Il est toujours à bout de bras . . . 
“I’m so tired of playing ... playing with this bow and arrow . \ 
Gonna give my heart away . \ 
Leave it to the other boys to play . ” 
Cruses to you Starbucks instant coffee ! I always feel like a tweaker after I drink it , but it tastes so good . 
Needs to get my movies back from people . 
Wrong isn’t what we’re about to do . \ 
Wrong would be wanting to survive it . 
How nice the early mornings are during summer . I had almost forgotten . 
Smoke from fags , and play some pool . \ 
Pretend you never went to school . \ 
But still you never get it right 
What am I doing wrong ....? 
The margaritas and swimming in the pool this afternoon has gotten to me . 
I am going to visit my grandparents near San < PROPFIRST > for ten days . I’ll be back on Sunday the 18th . I won’t check my email super regularly , but feel free to write . If you need me , feel free to call my cell . Hope you all have a good week ! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
Gone to my grandparent's house . I\ll be back on the 18th ! " 
Gald to be home . 
“I’m your private dancer . Your dancer for money . Do what you want me to do ” 
Oh joy .... another three days of triple digit heat . 
“I’ve done everything the way I was supposed to , and all I have to keep my company is a bottle of gin ! ”\ 
“Maybe you should try donuts with your gin ” 
Considering starting my new story with this : \ 
“Imagine the bookstore near a university . A young woman stands waiting upstairs in the philosophy section . She offers you what is hidden . With your left hand you quietly search for what she keeps between her legs . ” 
Meeting up with a friend today to go see a movie . Should be fun ! 
“Are you seriously about the cry , mom ? ”\ 
“I wish you were gay . You’d be a lot more sensitive . ” \ 
From the new film The Kids Are Alright 
Wants to have gin/tonics , and then dance around to Green Onions by < PROPMALE > T and the MGs . 
We two should be like clams in a dish of chowder , but you just sit there and sputter and fizz like old headache powder . 
I wish I had trouble to get into today . Anyone wanna help me out ? 
Okay ..... I'm losing it .... totally ... and now I'm 110% mental . 
What really makes us is beyond grasping . We give into love because it gives us a sense of what we feel is unknowable . We focus on sex so much because it gives us a physical reassurance that we are not alone . We distance and individualize ourselves , but constantly look for was to bind each other to other people . 
Starbucks iced coffee is like liquid crack ! 
Can't stop listening to this . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCjhw6yDgYI 
J'écris pour moi . J'écris pour vous . J'écris pour tous < PROPMALE > autres qui ne peut pas . Pour tous < PROPMALE > gens qui ne savent pas pour améliorer . Pour < PROPMALE > gens qui ont besoin de lui plus . 
So .... do you normally take forever to reply , or are you just slow in more ways than one ? 
I am neurotically happy today . \ 
How is everyone ? 
To be and to have . Two very different things . 
I wanna make a movie , so let's < PROPFEMALE > in it together . 
Wow . my whole body is sore from intense yard work the past three days . Woke up at 7:30 this morning to go the hand weeding in the garden . That killed my back . I kinda like it though . it’s a productive sore . 
I just received the most beautiful gift from a friend . 
Disappearing into the desert . Back on Tuesday night . 
Had a fan-fucking-tastic time in Palm Springs !!!! 
I love thunder . It has been super loud these past few nights . 
Hunting for a job . 
Getting all dressed up Friday morning to drop off job applications . Hoping to make a good impression . Then I’m going to see Wild Grass with my Aunt < PROPFIRST > . 
HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON is out on DVD today ! 
Heading to Fresno to see RED with McCabe ! 
Can't seem to figure you out ..... at least not yet . 
Job interview at the Blockbuster near my house on Tuesday afternoon ! A video store ! I know ... how fitting is that . I get good vibes about it . I think I will get the job . Wish me luck ! 
I'm hoping some of my movies and books sell on eBay in the next 24 hours . 
AND that I get that call back from the manager from Bockbuster ! 
Going out and about tonight . Determined to have a good time ! The weather is nice and cool , the company will be good , and I have the feeling things will be fun ! \ 
( I know I know . oddly optimistic of me , right ? Something I catch myself in a good mood . ) 
I find out about the job today !! Good vibes ! 
Meeting a friend for tea in Tower . 
When we sway , I grow weak . \ 
Love me a little less , but love me a long time . 
Just got done voting . 
WOWWWWW---I'm bored . What should I do : go for a walk ? watch a movie ? watch a dirty movie ? read ? write ? 
“Acting is a way of living out one’s insanity . ” --- < PROPFEMALE > Huppert 
Please put this in your status if you know or LOVE someone who is gay . \ 
My wish for 2010 and beyond is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice . \ 
People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . ? Promote LOVE and Acceptance ! 
“With the rest of them - With the best of them . I can hold my head up high . I’ve gotta goal again ! I’ve gotta drive again ! I wanna feel my heart coming alive again \ 
All of those lights over there seem to tell me where I'm going ... ” 
It looks like rain ! Lovely ! 
Pre-ordered Antichrist ( Lars < PROPMALE > Trier ) at Barnesand < PROPMALE > ! \ 
All Criterion Collection DVDs are 50% off until Nov 22 ! \ 
I got the $30 movie for only $15 ! 
Bored at home alone . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is keeping my company for the moment . \ 
Gotta do laundry and will possibly watch a movie . Anyone want to join me ? 
Annoyed when people cause unnecessary drama and are rude when it originally stems from you doing something nice for them in the first place . 
THE KIDS ARE ALRIGHT is out on DVD today ! 
Drinking hot green tea in hopes it will warm me up . It's freezing ! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for to long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week . 
Tomorrow is Worlds AIDS Day ! ( December 1 ) 
I watched Gaspar < PROPMALE>'s film Enter The Void today . WOW ! I mean ... WOW ! I'm still feeling the effects of it . My eyes have not re-focused yet . 
Went into a dressing room at Macy’s this afternoon to try on a shirt . I was about to try it on when I noticed an old semen stain all along the back of it . That’s a first ! GROSS ! 
Christmas was nice ! I had a great time , but I'm glad it's over . ( grins ) 
\Hated by all everywhere he goes –\ 
