Is it done raining finally ??!! 

28 DAYS AND I WILL BE IN < PROPMALE > !!! 
27 DAYS !!!! 
LOVIN MY NEW CAR ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !! 
So yeah I'm a little upset about MJ :( 
is it tuesday yet ? 
In a week I will be at the beach !!!!! 
Watchin Batman eatin Batman fruit snacks LOL 
Come on TUESDAY !!!!!! 
Packin !!! 
TwO mOrE dAyS !!! 
Sittin in Galveston relaxin , I love it here !! 
Spent the day in Kemah yesterday , today goin to the pool 
Off to the Blue < PROPFEMALE > Ice Cream Creamery in the mornin ! 
NEEDA NAP ! 
Sittin in Minneapolis , it's cold and rainy , hope it clears up b4 the wedding ! 
Eatin some Sonic mmmmm 
Cut off my hair !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Goin out tonight should be fun ! Not my usual crowd , but some old school friends ! 
It was a good weekend 
Just got the stuff for Kassidi's birthday ordered ! 
Got the stuff for Kassidi's party ! I'm getting excited ! My baby is going to be 4 !! 
Kassidi's dance recital's and party this weekend !! My sister is here my , brother and new sister-in-law will be here sunday CAN'T WAIT !! 
It's my baby's birthday !!! 
Ok so apparently I was not the only one that was bored at dance class Kassidi's teacher told me to put her in the 6-8 year old class next session ! She is only 4 and small around kids her own age she is going to be < PROPFEMALE > in that class , but I am so proud of her ! 
I hate forwards !!! Nothing bad is going to happen if I don't pass it on and nothing good is going to happen if I do !!! 
I'm not feelin very good :( 
Hakuna Matata 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra ... Color Game 
............. Tired . 
Let's Dance Studio is having a bring a friend to dance next week . So the kids can try it to see if they like it !! Let me know if your interested , 18 months and up ! 
watchin Spy Kids for the millionth time . 
thinkin it's a snuggle up with Kassidi and a movie night :) 
makin oatmeal choc . chip cookies then to start supper Penne with Turkey sausage & Peppers yummy 
What to do ? I'm bored 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? cement ? mixer ? 
D-D-D-DAMN ITS C-C-C-COLD ! 
Not impressed with Kassidi when she does not have a nap ........... Gonna have a new baby cousin soon !! 
So I went and bought a new bigger TV to watch The Upside Down Show and Wubzy ???????? 
Doppleganger week ! During this week change your profile picture ot someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like ... and repost this message . 
SOOO Sleepy 
Just got home from getting my window tinting fixed looksc good for now . 
Some people are just plain crazy ! 
TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - and not me ! - Future messages from that game will be hidden on your wall ! :) " 
Pretty sure there was a creeper following me around at the grocery store today ! YIKES 
Dear Mother Nature April Fool's is over ! This weather is not funny :( 
Kass isn't feeling good which means i can't sleep :( 
One Dance Recital tonight and another one tomorrow afternoon , going to be a busy weekend . 
One more dance recital today Kassidi's brother is on his way to bismarck ! She is pretty excited :) 
So do I keep advancing Kassidi in dance like her teacher is suggesting ( Dance Team ) or is she just going to fast ?? IDK 
We had to read all of Kassidi's books from grandpa and grandma tonight there is like 10 of them lol time to go to sleep :) 
At least it is raining and not snowing ! :) 
Good day to teach Kass how to fly a kite i think but in this wind it might < PROPFEMALE > her away 
What happened to spring ? It is so cold ! 
Seriously cranky 
So happy to have this weekend off 
So I was told I look 16 today ..... is that good or bad im not sure ? 
There is soap in bathrooms for a reason ! Use it ! people are just nasty . 
Spent the the whole day at the park .... I'm tired 
Almost done with work YAY its so nice out ! 
Sittin at the park 
Why throw trash on the ground when there is a trash can 4 dang steps away ? lazy ! i wish kass was here to call her a litter bug lol 
Interesting day ... 
Why do I live in North < PROPFEMALE > ????? 
Went and supported Let's Dance Studio this morning in Spotlight ... now Kassidi is out like a light ! 
Really really thinkin i need to move my butt back to < PROPMALE > ! 
Avatar was actually really good i was suprised 
All my wonderful people in < PROPMALE > do you know anything about Village in the Woods ? Apartments on < PROPMALE > and lakewood < PROPMALE > dr cypress . 
people ask me y i wanna move back to < PROPMALE > \its so dangerous\ " if bismarck is so safe y is the swat team in my back yard ??? " 
Crazy morning , I need a nap ! 
Well Kassidi made it on the dance team . My baby is growing up so fast 
Wow these people at walmart are strange ! 
Oh mister sun sun mister < PROPFEMALE > sun please shine down on me ! 
Just ordered the new < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > razor and a new carving comb can't wait till they get here ! 
I like it in the kitchen 
Had fun playin outside today , glad at least one of my neighbors is fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with lol saw a dog on a motorcycle today that was kinda crazy 
Just don't know 
It would be so nice out if not for this crazy wind :( 
Common sense isn't very common 
One dance class down one more to go ! 
I don't know what time it is in Scotland but 930 on a saturday morning in < PROPFEMALE > is way to early to knock on my door trying to sell me something ! 
4 more days and my sister will be here !!!! 
3 Hours by the pool shoulders and face slightly red but legs still ghostly white what the heck ! 
Lakers are gonna win it ! 
WAY TO GO LAKERS ! 
This wind is crazy ! 
My wonderful big sister is on her way ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the father's that are DADDY'S and all the mother's that are daddy's too ! 
Well so far the wonderful dogs gave me a dead mouse and the girls at work gave me some beautiful sunflowers thanks girls and dogs you can keep the nasty mouse :) 
We went and saw toy story 3 today ( it was really cute ) then we went and got Kassidi a < PROPFIRST > now im kinda freaked out she will come to life when we leave the room lol 
Crazy busy day ! I'm tired :( 
We are ready for some fireworks Kassidi is dancin around like a fool lol 
Wow It's going to be a long day ! 
Thinking it's a good day to go to the pool and get some sun 
Just got home from dance . They are learning a dance for team It's so cute ! 
Both kids down for a nap ! Ten points for me ! 
Well < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s was really good until my last bite had an onion in it and the whole sandwich almost came back up :( 
Had supper and < PROPMALE > out with a few of my fav people . Now time to sleep ! 
Not feeling very good :( 
My phone is about to die and i am to tired to go get the charger so if anyone wants to get ahold of me in the middle of the night TOO BAD ! Good night everyone 
Man i'm getting old It's friday night and all i wanna do is sleep ! 
I love hearing how good i am at what i do , just makes my day :) 
Is there a book about raising a DIVA ?! I need one asap 
Really ? why am i still awake ? 
Kassidi is so strange sometimes LOL she is crazy excited for tonight ! 
Had an awesome night with some dance Mom's and so did Kassidi with Krysi ( who is the greatest by the way ) now time for bed 
Good night BAAAD morning 
Can i go back to bed and start this day over ? PRETTY PLEASE !? 
Keep moving forward 
Yesterday sucked today is lookin up already :) good night 
Going thru my \friends\ " if you get deleted we don't talk enough sorry oh wait no im not " 
There wasn't as many nonsense people as i thought :) 
My week just got a whole lot better :) 
My new phone is on it's way !!!!! 
So It's about that time to start thinking about Kassidi's birthday , yea I know it is 4 months away , so I'm behind on my planning . Thinking I'm gonna keep it small-ish but what is there to do for a party in Bismarck in December ??? Any idea's ? 
My phone wont let me sends texts Ahh ! 
Dang It's hot i should be layin on a beach somewhere :) 
this new phone is making me nuts !!!!!!!! 
ok I am obviously not smart enough for a smart phone !!!! 
So I'm saying no to the sledding party and thinking maybe Ice Skating INDOORS lol it is just to dang cold in December . 
Second day of cance camp done . Kassidi is having a blast ! 2 more days ! 
I have a feeling its going to be a looong night :( 
Kassidi is sick . booo ! 
slightly irritated 
interesting day ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > your the bestest friend a girl could have ! 
Not ready for the cold !!! but things are looking up :) 
I think I want to cut my hair super short hhmm 
oh road construction i hate you 
Hello new day please be better then yesterday :) 
super sleepy 
mmmmmm < PROPFIRST > johns 
going home putting on my sweats and locking myself in the house 
summer was short as usual now we seem to have skipped fall ?! stupid north < PROPFEMALE > 
what to do with 2 kids today ??? 
why am i up so early ???? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s here we come !! 
Got the new < PROPFIRST > legend cd !!!!! 
Parade in the morning YAY 
one more week and I get my brother , sister in law and SONIC !!!!! :) 
I hate my phone !!! 
$10 haircut's today from 10-4 at Smart Style in the north Walmart all proceeds go to Regis Breast Cancer research !!! 
headed to the cities tmrw wooooo hooooo 
Is it possible to be beef intolerant ?? 
GOODbye Bismarck !! 
mmmmm IHOP !! 
Love me some Popeye's 
last day of my mini vaca , think we are going to the MOA , can't come to Minneapolis and not go there ?!? 
Waiting for our food at SONIC so excited ! 
Thank you Mr. MN state trooper for the warning and not a $155 ticket ! 
not feeling good :( 
Still not feeling good . Is it to early to go to bed ? 
Kassidi loves < PROPFIRST > Johns as much as i do :) 
So Kassidi has decided she is going to be < PROPFEMALE > from Wizards of Waverly Place for Halloween 
Change of plans Kassidi will most likely be Rainbow Bright 
cleaning gutters oh fun !! 
Gotta love when you get 11 hours of sleep , now time to get up and do something . 
I think I'm finally moving in the right direction :) 
Days go by so much faster when your in a good mood :) 
Sooooo much < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Im going to be an aunt today !! 
got to see my nephew on skype !! can't wait to meet him !!! 
kassidi is going to be 5 next month ?! 
why is medicine so dang expensive ?? 
Kassidi has a tooth thats starting to wiggle she is so excited ! 
24 Days to < PROPMALE > !! 
Gotta love waking up at the time you should be walking out the door ugh ... its going to be a long day 
19 DAYS ! 
The weekend was a busy one but so much fun awesome dance performances all the girls were so good and the birthday party was a success thanks to my wonderful mom helping tremendously ! 
I can't believe my baby is 5 !!! 
12 DAYS !!!! 
one more week , one moRE WEEK , ONE MORE WEEK !!!!!! 
Is it tuesday yet ? 
This snow better not mess up my flight in the morning !! 
Snow today 80 tomorrow !! get me out of here ! 
stupid snow 
A beautiful over cast morning in < PROPMALE > , hope everyone is having fun in the frozen north !! 
Its christmas < PROPFEMALE > and im sick yay 
Aw my baby pulled out her first tooth 
Going home today 
The tooth < PROPFEMALE > is going to go broke in my house ... 
I survived another Zumba class ... time for bed yay ! 
y can't north < PROPFEMALE > ever get a \snow day\ " -27 really ?? " 
