The Only Easy Day . . . Was Yesterday . 

whats the point of remembering anything , youre just gonna forget it 5 seconds later . 
feels like taking his xbox all the way to < PROPMALE > gates ' house , shove it up his ass as far as it will go , and ask how he feels when he gets fucked by the three red rings 
Vin Diesel once made a go-kart that ran on the hopes and dreams of orphans ; it goes fast . 
dont you hate it when you find something you think is new thats cool like a video and when you show it to people , everyone has seen it already a while ago but no one bothered to show you when it came out ? 
One day during an SEC football game i want to be with the announcers , because i want to say over the speakers \Please hold all cheers and excitement until the end of the game \"" 
Every time you forward one of those gay forwards , a verizon CEO gets a dollar . So keep forwarding ! 
Just made some amazing short movies today , made pretty much the best war movie since the time war was cool enough to be faked and filmed 
woohoo got my acceptance letter to < PROPFEMALE > , knew id get in but its nice to know for sure 
5 minutes ago via Computer 
yes were all amazed you have the new rap song on your phone but that doesnt mean you have to play it out loud everywhere you go0 
snow + friends + 4wheeler + intertube = fun/frostbite p.s. < PROPFIRST > Dotson 1992-2010 . . . he will be missed 
i hate that akward moment when you see someone you know and they come up to you and you cant tell if theyre going in for a hug or handshake cause there arms are open but there hand is out enough for a hug but in enough for a handshake 
to guys - womens sunglasses are STILL womens sunglasses , idc how good you THINK you look 
i dont think it matters which walmart or what time you go , the guy working in sporting goods is never there 
schools pretty cool when theres only like 5 people or less in all your classes 
facebooks like a little kid , it asks you something and if you say no , it will just keep asking till you say yes 
a man who has nothing to lose has everything to gain , therefore every option seems like a good idea at the time 
and Crazy Hobo are now friends . 
sell a man a fish and he eats for a day . teach a man to fish and you ruin a wonderful business oppurtunity 
\wow that was amazing\ " \ " yeah i know\ " someone walks up \ " what you guys talking about ? \ " \ " oh nothing it was just something stupid\ " \ " yeah it was an inside joke \"" 
im gonna do like these other people and put pics of me and my kids as my profile pic , oh wait nobodys supposed to know . . . crap . 
some people these days just like that part of the brain that says \dont wear that in public you will look like an idiot . \"" 
i want to be unique , just like everbody else 
im lost in my head and n o-o ne can find me 
puttin on a tux sure is a pain but i do think i look pretty good in 1 
What do you mean , I hurt your feelings ? I didnt know you had any feelings . What do you mean , I aint kind ? Im just not your kind . 
i thinks its kinda funny when people that graduated like 5 or so years ago still have their old prom picture as their profile pic 
Profile Viewer : if your so afraid of people looking at your profile , why do you have a facebook ? 
if the only interesting part of me was my abs id post pics like that too 
when i say i wanna be a musician , people ask me if im any good . i then say have you seen or heard some of the musicians out their today ?!?! 
I think republicans and democrats are like 2 sinking ships arguing over which 1 is sinking faster 
The appearance of law must be upheld , especially when it's being broken 
making the world a better place , one status update at a time 
If you wanna look like an athelete without all the work or skill , just < PROPFEMALE > a gatorade everywhere you go 
I know my musics awesome when i watch the videos on youtube and retirement home ads pop up 
One more day then its of to panama ! 
Just got done playing tennis with < PROPFIRST > , if only tennis had the same rules as a home run derby I'd be getting paid to play 
\Hey your wearing a ' tapout ' t shirt like every other wanna-be ufc fighter . its pretty ironic cause you look like youd ' tapout ' at the first sign of a fight ! \"" 
after riding a bike about 15+ < PROPMALE > to dillons and back , i realize theirs truth in the old saying \uphill both ways \"" 
Life is one long insane trip . Some people just have better directions . 
i go in for my interview tommorow , gonna be a working man soon . 
Every time i see the red < PROPFEMALE > from a laser pointer , i love to yell \SNIPER !! \"" 
i pull up to a stop sign , so do you . i stop , you stop . i nudge forward , you nudge forward . i stop again , you stop again . repeat start stop scenario . i finally go for it and you look at me like im a jerk . People make driving so difficult these days 
i believe if i never saw another person for the rest of my life id never be angry again 
why is it as soon as you turn on the radio , an amazing song is just going off 
advice is a form of nostalgia . dispensing it is a way of fishing the past from the disposal , wiping it off , painting over the ugly parts , and recycling it for more than its worth 
ok , just because one time on a cruise ship i broke into the bridge , turned on the alarm , got on the P.A. and yelled ABANDON SHIP ! Carnival has decided not to let me back on their fun ships . 
needs some good news 
When it comes to math , if you put ' about ' in front of every one of your answers you can never be considered giving the wrong answer . 
Cant wait till friday , paintballin all day with the guys . Its definetly gonna get to the point where someone likely gets killed . 
Lifes like a game . Just when you think youve figured it out , a new player joins the game , the rules are changed , and even the playing field is modified 
paintball was epic , we succesfully seperated the men from the boys and unfortunately < PROPMALE > was unable to make it to the mans side . 
standing outside the tiger hut and its at least 200 degrees 
if < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > sold every book hes ever written for a dollar a piece , he would be a millionaire 
i dont believe in an eye for an eye , i believe in two eyes for an eye 
< PROPMALE > Armstrong once said \Ive done more in my life with one testicle than you will ever accomplish with two \"." 
Im sick of following my dreams , im just gonna ask them where theyre going and hook up with them later . 
graduation is in 5 hours and all i can think about is how bored i am 
in PC , havin an awesome time , riding with the wind in my hair 
just witnessed < PROPMALE > wreck a moped , laughed till i cried . 
just arrived back from pc 
The people you embrace have the easiest time stabbing you in the back . At least your enemies have to work for it . 
All i do is win win win ! Actually its probably more like 50/50 
The best defense is not a good offense , its a good defense . 
wishes that i had never meet a few select people , that way it wont suck so bad never seeing them again 
off to the beach once again 
Daytonas Hot , Real Hot . 
Just got done playing mini golf and laser tag with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , i wont say there was profanity but it definetly was not a place for children 
back from daytona , finished with hours and hours of driving , gonna sleep till sunday 
I just sped past the state trooper's office , haha i feel like such a rebel ! 
thank god for the big BP protest , now theres not 50 cars at the rogersville BP 24/7 
In this one summer alone i think i have succesfully caught up on all the sleep ive missed these past 18 years 
We , the unwilling , led by the unknowing , are doing the impossible for the ungrateful . We have done so much , with so little , for so long , that we are now qualified to do anything with nothing . 
you cant help what you were born and you may not have much to say about where you die , but you can and you should try to pass the days in between as a good man . 
????????????? 
over 2 hours left of the road trip to Atlanta and my iPod just commited suicide 
If you get up one more time than you have fallen , then you have succeeded . 
just got home and looked at my < PROPMALE > on my car and its at the exact mileage wrote down for its next oil change 
60% of the time it works every time - Anchorman 
driving back from < PROPFEMALE > and got behind a grandma driving like shes in Grand Theft Auto with a complete disregard for other drivers 
once again me < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are at the bowling alley , competing for the top score 
people used to want to be healthy wealthy and wise . it seems they gave up on the wise . 
watching the fireworks in mcfarland ! 
Write in the sand the flaws of your friend - Pythagoras 
Life is like a dogsled team , if you ain't the lead dog the scenery never changes 
Got back from our mock ufc fights at abacus and took a swim , I was however mauled by a random bat 
at the bowling alley once again . . . 
I don't care what you think as long as it's about me 
You know that guy that we all hate ? i say tommorow we go kick his ass ! 
some old guy runs into my car in wal mart parking lot , cop says its somehow my fault . FML 
When I talk about high school , i talk about it as if I graduated 10 years ago 
It's best not to burn the bridges you intend to stand on or cross 
They say its better to be a small fish in a big pond rather than a big fish in a small pond . Well im tired of being a small fish in a small pond 
Green Grass and High Tides 
Just invited a new workout up at abacs , it may be the best ever , just saying . 
and all the girlies say im pretty fly ( for a white guy ) 
the second you begin underestimating an opponent is coincidently the same second you begin losing to them 
Just got done with PT at < PROPFEMALE > with Lt . Colonel Snyder , realised i got even more work to do but in pretty good shape for the moment 
I think i have a new favorite movie category , Action-Comedy . who says i cant laugh when stuffs blowing up ? 
Facebook doesnt recognise center < PROPFEMALE > as a city so i guess i dont have a hometown 
\thats about as out of place as a fiddler in a violinist convention \"" 
Life would be easier if i could make everyones choices for them lol . people take way too long to make decisions these days from simple to huge , make a decision before i make an ultimatum . but then i would have too much control , hmmm . 
tired of girls complaining about thair boyfriends , you knew he was trash when you found him in a dumpster . 
One day i hope to live in a place where hunting camo is not considered \formal\ " attire " 
Nascar : the most exciting form of traffic 
Hmmm , i think i may start tagging myself in random peoples albums just to make them uncomfortable . 
Andi - \Is that truck an F-350 Super heavy duty 4x4 with huge tires ? \ " \ 
the neighbors just left so its time to start drumming like i have no neighbors !!! 
Just solved 8 problems with a pressure washer : 1 . cleaned around pool 2 . cleaned side of garage 3 . washed dishes 4 . cleaned computer 5 . cleaned paint off my car 6 . cleaned infant 7 . cleaned room 8 . cleaned neighbors . these , like all of lifes problems , can be pressure washed away . 
for once i think i can honestly say things couldnt be going better in my life , every problem just seems to work itself out with a happy ending 
Still training for my P.T. exam friday , gotta impress the Army chain of command if i ever wish to climb it . 
dear hardees . i appreciate your biscuits are made from scratch but could you make me wait any longer for a biscuit ? ive only been here 30 minutes . 
Moved into the dorms today . feelin pretty good about it . cant wait to start the college life 
i just spent 2 hours gettin my uniform and military equipment , so for 2 hours i felt like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > store . 
Classes start tommorow , found out where all my classes are today . 3 classes then end the day with the rotc cookout ! 
ROTC cook out was great , met so many cadets and learned a lot about what ill be doing in ROTC . Really glad i made the choice to join , can already tell some of my best friends will come out of this . 
Haha i love 5 30 a.m. PT . No , Seriously i do . 
Is there anything better than driving down the road on a nice day with the windows down listening to AC/DC ? 
just finished writing another song but not sure if i should change the rhyme scheme since its kinda different 
going home for the day , its only been a week but it feels like frever since ive been home . 
Just got back from 5 30 PT , sucks cause i thought i was doing very good to realise i only did good . Getting better day by day . Gonna be the best sooner than you know it . 
what do you do when youre bored on campus ? make funny videos of stuff . thats what i do . and as soon as editing is done i will post them 
just when i get done writing the music for my new song , people tell me it sounds too much like click click boom . now i got to start over , great . 
Hold The Line ! Love Isn't Always On Time ! \\nHeat Of The Moment ! \\nit must be because its wednesday 
no matter how determined i am to get stuff done , i always seem to waste about 95% of my day . 
You should see my face when i think of yours . \ 
Your smiling face is something i adore . \ 
I cant wait to hold you one more time . \ 
Your love makes me feel so sublime . 
had an 0600 3+ mile ruck run this morning . which means running 3 < PROPMALE > in full acu's , a 20 pound ruck on my back , and boots , the boots made my feet and heels bleed and gave me < PROPFEMALE > splints but i finished it in time so not all bad 
If you cant beat them , join them . If you can't join them , its probably because you just tried to beat them . 
If the first words i hear out of your mouth are ROLL TIDE ! then thats the sign that i already know you will have nothing interesting to say ever . 
no matter how bad a day im having i can always put on RHCP and suddenly its a great day . 
wouldn't you feel like a < PROPMALE > if you were the guy that suggested to JFK he ride in a convertible car the day he was shot ? 
off to < PROPFEMALE > with my boy Bates 
any person can bark out orders . it takes a true man and character to have the skills to lead . 
it seems the only thing i look forward to nowadays is P.T. The highlights of my day are my 0530 and 1400 workouts 
\Give me some place to stand and i will move the world\ " - Archimedes " 
if anybody wants to < PROPFEMALE > out or do something send me a txt im bored . 
oh what a night , nothing like the rush of adrenaline and fear . 
< PROPMALE > Grohl wont make a band where he plays all instruments because he's afraid it would be too awesome for the average person to comprehend 
Song that describes my current mood perfectly : Learn to Fly - Foo Fighters 
There must be some kind of way out of here , say the joker to the theif . \ 
Theres too much confusion , i cant get no relief . 
Some people better stop looking down there noses at me . Lookin at me bad cause i dont wear all that crap you wear . i like t shirts and gym shorts , you just think i look poor . i assure you if i wanted to i could dress nicer than you every single day , straight up embarass that crap you call style . 
There aint nobody safe no more , so you say your prayers and you thank the lord , for that peacemaker in the dresser drawer . 
Fear and cowardice are communicable diseases . Luckily the U.S. Army not only has the cure but the vaccine as well . 
working security at the < PROPFEMALE > game and i swear < PROPFIRST > Rock just walked in 
A great man once said \stop quoting everything I say ! \"" 
i just realised i have lightning fast reflexes , after some deliberation and due to other skills i have come to the conclusion that i am a jedi . 
paintball game tommorow , but need more people . if you would like to join call me or text me , if you dont have my number send me a message on FB . 
I feel so alone , gonna end up a big ole pile of Them Bones . 
i believe some peoples entire lives would come crashing down if they ever realised football was just a sport 
Physical Training is the best way to start the day . Its hard to feel bad when you know you just got a good workout in . 
Just finished the army grenade assault course\ 
Me : Loved it\ 
My knees : not so much 
i wish i had a friend named blue so everytime i saw him i could yell \you my boy blue ! \ " i think ill just designate one of my friends to have the nickname blue " 
Pantera on the way to PT and Pantera on the way back . Gonna be a good day 
My face hurts . 
having a near death experience really gets you thinking about death 
Just benched 315 6 times for the first time since high school football . As soon as i get it back to 400 I'll be back to where I was 
putting a couch on the outside of my house was perhaps my greatest contribution to mankind . as soon as my idea catches on humans can be lazy everywhere . 
life would be good right now if my rotator cuff would decide to stay attached to my shoulder 
Just got back from running a 3 mile race twice . I ran in the mens only and got 25 mins and finished 282 of 662 . In the mens and womens i got 26 mins and finished 130 of 2296 . 
The ROTC football team managed to come away with a W tonight . Great job on our part of course . Had 3 interceptions of course 
nobody tells DJ Request what to play - The Goods , good movie 
Fight club = one of the top movies with some of the most memorable quotes in my opinion 
theres cotton < PROPFEMALE > everywhere . . . 
suck it bama , thats a TD !!!!! 
Always be careful when reading health books , you may die because of a misprint . 
it sounds like the apocalypse in < PROPFEMALE > from all the sirens 
i have once again successfully convinced myself to procrastinate work that could be done today 
thanks to my genetics , i lost points on math work for being a \smartass \"" 
Lexington touchdowns just arent as exciting from the stands as they were from the field 
So im on youtube listening to music this morning when i look up some BFMV and vevo has the nerve to advertise < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new single to me , as if id EVER do that . Vevo apparently doesnt know me at all . ( By the way i clicked on it and it wasnt too bad ) . 
The only difference between good and evil is perception 
Here I go again on my own 
Interior Crocodile Alligator , I drive a Chevrolet Movie Theatre 
looks like its going to be an all nighter all the way to P.T. in the morning 
needs more cowbell 
Today we honor those who served their country in times of great need , and honor those who never made it back home . \ 
\For greater love hath no man than to lay down his life for his brothers . \"" 
Fall ftx this past weekend , running all around with my ruck , navigating through the woods and briars at night , unloading some brass from a M249 SAW , MRE's , rain , and 6 hours of sleep total . Otherwise good to be back home , got 13 hours of sleep last night 
This is an alert message for all < PROPFEMALE > ROTC cadets : BROKEN ARROW ! 
dont cook a grenade while texting , youll regret it 
when life gives you lemons , find a new life . 
< PROPFIRST > Bates : shouldnt we be dancing instead ? \\nMe : Theres a zombie apocalypse going on , theres no time for dancing ! 
why do hotels think putting a stair master and an exercise ball in a room makes it a fitness center ? 
and i Almost had you , but i guess that doesnt cut it . Almost loved you , i Almost wished you would have loved me too . 
If the phone dont ring , you know its me . 
CHOO-CHOO !! 
schools done , time to head home 
almost finished writing my most heavy metal song so far . Its titled Hungover with a Chainsaw and its pretty brutal lol 
now only has 9 fingers . FML . 
girl i know i could be your MVP , your hall of famer , but first you gotta pull me out of the stands , give me a < PROPMALE > to shine and to do what i do best . 
Thanksgiving , the one day out of the year were not supposed to be feel bad for sitting on the couch and eating all day . 
that tide sure is coming in weak nowadays . 
life sure is simple when you live in a < PROPFIRST > down by the river 
A storm is threatening , my very life today . If i dont get some shelter , ooh yeah im gonna fade away . \ 
- GImme shelter - Rolling Stones\ 
kind of appropriate with the storm 
thanks < PROPMALE > for locking me out of my room , the past 45 mins of walking about < PROPFEMALE > looking for you have been a blast . i look forward to another 45 of searching . 
most of my \friends\ " are just enemies that i like " 
everyones busy this weekend , guess ill just walk up to strangers and < PROPFEMALE > out/follow them around all weekend 
ive got a fever and the only cure is . . . MORE COWBELL ! 
Don't drink that coffee !, its racist ! 
Stormin ' through the party like my name was El Niño , \ 
When I'm hanging out drinking in the back of an El Camino . \ 
As a kid , was a skid , and no one knew me by name . \ 
Trashed my own house party , ' cause nobody came . 
is convinced that punk rock is his new favorite type of music 
not really sure where my phones at , its somewhere in < PROPFEMALE > so ive narrowed it down a bit 
Hell yeah , Atlanta falcons still #1 seed in NFL ! 
For those who dont know , its about to go down on the basketball courts of < PROPFEMALE > . I will warn you that someone people cant handle it , but i wont give any names . < PROPFIRST > Beukema 
Not < PROPFEMALE>'s Boat 
I hope you both have sons . Handsome , beautiful , articulate sons who are talented and < PROPFEMALE > atheletes and they have their legs taken away ! I pray you know that pain and that hurt . \ 
DONT YOU PUT THAT EVIL ON ME < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ok kids , i need you to get out of the car cause its on fire . 
Deep philisophical thought you have ruined my ability to sleep once again 
Nice guys always lose . 
A bullet can kill a man , a missile can destroy a machine , but fire can destroy an entire city . 
The good news is , you can have your car back . \ 
The bad news is , ima have to confiscate your pinky ! 
Dear Santa : I feel I have been pretty good this year so if you can get me a good girl to talk to and < PROPFEMALE > out with , we'll call it even . 
Don't fight fire with fire , because no one can stop 2 fires ! 
If life gives you melons , you just might be dyslexic . 
Watching the Jackass movie with my entire family . Priceless ! 
For all interested , there will be a big Airsoft game Dec 23rd in Central , Alabama . Starts at 0900 , will be playing all day but its not required you stay . Contact < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > Morrison or Black Sun Airsoft Group for more info , or if you want to guarantee 1 of our many guest spots on our team . No prior skill needed , airsoft weapon suggested but we have extra but they are first come , first serve . 
For all interested , there will be a big Airsoft game Dec 23rd in Central , Alabama . Starts at 0900 , will be playing all day but its not required you stay . Contact < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > Morrison or Black Sun Airsoft Group for more info , or if you want to guarantee 1 of our many guest spots on our team . No prior skill needed , airsoft weapon suggested but we have extra but they are first come , first serve . 
That deaf , dumb , and blind kid sure plays a mean pinball 
if you want to test your driving skills and limits of < PROPFEMALE > , just take a drive through < PROPFEMALE > today 
Never take someones hope away , it may be all they have left . 
gonna booby trap the chimney , no one gets the drop on J-Mo ! 
Is starting to get sick , must have ate one too many yellow snowcones . . . 
For the past year or so i had got to the point where i watched an hour or less of tv a week . Then i discovered netflix instant to my tv . Looks like im gonna be back on the couch for a while . 
ruckmarching up and through the mountains in the snow . This was a wonderful idea :/ 
Go shawty , its your birthday\ 
go party like its your birthday\ 
i wasnt invited , but its ok\ 
ill just stay at home and play some video games 
Sometimes i wonder why i even try , guess im just addicted to the thrill of < PROPMALE > . 
Hmmiwonderifanyonewillnoticemyspacebarisbroken 
Big day tommorow , so excited :D !!!!!! 
Shot through the heart , and your to blame , \ 
Darling you give love a bad name 
< PROPMALE > is alive ! and hes at sidelines singing ! although looks like being dead for 30 years doesnt burn many calories 
\Im freaking out because my television just blew up\ " \ 
Thank you for calling Alabama , we are experiencing weather difficulties and have shut down for the moment . Please try again later . 
EEEEEETS ! 
Me to < PROPMALE > McMurtrey : All we were given was scraps and scrapes but we managed to make a masterpiece of it . 
There are still people driving over 80 mph on the icy roads , and they wonder why theres a bunch of cars in the ditches 
I was going to make an angry status about all the little whiners complaining about going to school while their still snow but i dont even care enough right now to even try . ( unless you count this status . ) 
Just got 2 tickets to the nightmare after christmas concert ft . Avenged Sevenfold Stone Sour Hollywood Undead . yay me :D 
No I will not make out with you . Did ya hear that ? this girl wants to make out with me in the middle of class . You got Chlorophyll Man up there talking about God knows what and all she can talk about is making out with me . I'm here to learn , everybody , not to make out with you . Go on with the chlorophyll . 
If you dont do things right the first time , you may not have a < PROPMALE > to try again . 
Is looking for a new workout partner . Needs a reliable individual willing to workout 1-2 times a day . Will be weight lifting , running , intense exercise , etc . Get in touch with me if interested . Preferably someone who lives on campus or in < PROPFEMALE > so as to conveniece both of us , though none are excluded . 
When in doubt , ITS A TRAP ! When not in doubt , ITS A BETTER TRAP ! 
Early in the morning , risin ' to the street \ 
Light me up that cigarette and I strap shoes on my feet \ 
Got to find a reason , a reason things went wrong \ 
Got to find a reason why my money's all gone 
Good and evil are just points of view , only when you lose will you know what side you were fighting for . 
You are everything i want , because you are everything im not 
Is wondering if he should get more tattoos or start getting some piercings ? 
Macgruber has to be one of the funniest movies ive seen in a while 
I’m here without you baby , but your still on my lonely mind \ 
I think about you baby , and I dream about you all the time \ 
I’m here without you baby , but your still with me in my dreams \ 
And tonight , it’s only you and me 
Just saw a black < PROPFIRST > going about 85 down 72 . Im sure somewhere theres a group of guys with bags of money outside a bank yelling \WHERES THE < PROPFIRST > ! IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE HERE ! \"" 
Concert was definetly beast , live music is a whole new experience . 
They took our jobs !!!!!!! 
This is wimp-lo , he is our weakest fighter . We have trained him wrong , on purpose , AS A JOKE ! 
This morning i saw the highest person i believe ive ever seen . She smelt of weed at about 25 feet away and then she walked into a pole , put her hand on her head and said Shit ! The best part , there wasnt even a pole there . 
Why is it everyone feels the necessity to add five or more languages to their \Languages\ " section . We all know you can not even speak English correctly . Your lies annoy me . " 
I’m looking through a hole in the sky\ 
I’m seeing nowhere through the eyes of a lie\ 
I’m getting closer to the end of the line\ 
I’m living easy where the sun doesn’t shine\ 
I’m living in a room without any view\ 
I’m living free because the rent’s never due\ 
The synonym of all the things that I’ve said\ 
Are just the riddles that are built in my head 
Mistakes were made . . . With a tomahawk . ( so its much cooler now ) . 
I cant rememember if < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > was tired of seeing those snakes on that plane , or if he would have enjoyed seeing more ? 
I cant even begin to know what the future will bring so i wont make any promises for that , but i can and will promise you every day before tommorow . 
Someone just knocked on my door but i wasnt able to open it in time , now im going to wonder who that was for the next like 4 hours so i wont be sleeping much tonight . 
Taking it back old school . Super < PROPFIRST > Bros on the NES with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The worlds first multiplayer . 
Is it just me or does everybody else feel like every decision you make pisses someone off , even when youre trying to make everyone happy ? No matter what its damned if i do , damned if i dont . 
I fight for the unconventional\ 
My right , and its unconditional\ 
I can only , be as real as I can\ 
The disadvantage is\ 
I never knew the plan\ 
This isn't just a way to be a martyr\ 
I can't , walk alone any longer\ 
I fight , for the ones who can't fight\ 
And if I lose , at least I tried 
Isnt it great when everything goes perfect ? Too bad it never seems to work that way . Im just hoping to get some good news so that way this day doesnt go any further downhill . 
I wanna know have you ever seen the rain ? 
The appearance of the law must be upheld , especially while it is being broken . 
Thats the most pissed ive been in a long long time . Glad i got out of there before i hurt the people i care about . 
When in doubt , frag out . ( Or Tomahawk ) . 
Dodgeball tournament in an hour . Getting pumped ! 
just saw the funniest skateboard ever . on the bottom of the skateboard it say \the ozone was decimated in the making of this product \"" 
Our faith is the weapon most feared by our enemies , for thereby shall we lift our people up against those who would destroy us . \ " , 2011-02-14 03:00:52 " 
Shoot first , shoot later , shoot some more . Once everyones dead try and ask a question . ( Question asking optional ) . 
Go into the woods at night by yourself and start listening to voodoo by Godsmack . If you can walk around for the whole song and not be creeped out once , you have bested me . 
Must continue working . . . \ 
must not crash . . . 
Ever since man first left his cave and met a stranger with a different language and a new way of looking at things the human race has had a dream , to kill him so we don't have to learn his language or way of looking at things . 
Its days like today that make me miss summer , i had forgotten how a simple car ride with the windows down can be so relaxing and clear your head . 
Of course on the one day its been wonderful outside , everyone I know wants to stay inside . Today was supposed to be fun . . . 
Oh how quickly do you seem to forget who your true friends are . when everything was going wrong i was there but now that your doing alright you won't acknowledge me . just wait , i know you and i know your life will go downhill soon and thats when you'll call me . you forget me when your good off , im going to forget you when your down . 
You may be a man , but you sure as hell don't act like it . 
Whoever appeals to the law against his fellow man\ 
is either a fool or a coward , whoever cannot take care of\ 
himself without that law is both , for a wounded man shall\ 
say to his assailant , \If I live I will kill you 
Why do I have the overpowering feeling that theres something im forgetting to do ? 
\It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died . Rather we should thank God that such men lived\ " ~ General < PROPFIRST > Patton " 
Something about Red Hot Chili Peppers makes this day great . Driving around listening to them with the windows down and now theres not a problem in the world . 
Who rules ? Odoyle Rules ! 
Its time to fly the white flag of war . 
March 18-20th Gonna be one helluva weekend !!!! 
Today i have learned a lot about mohawks . There is no middle ground when it comes to people perception of them , they either love it or hate it . Surprisingly its about 50/50 or a little bit more on the love side if you can pull it off . 
Its not hard to be a menace to society , when half the population is happy on their knees . 
You win this time procrastination ! I will defeat you tommorow ! or maybe monday . Nah tuesdays good . 
After being friends with < PROPMALE > Booth and taking Excellent English courses , the use of bad grammar and overall unacceptable misuse of the English language is like nails on a chalkboard to me now . 
When I donate blood I don't ask for a needle , I ask for a gun and bucket . 
If at first you don't succeed , kill the guy that did . 
is WINNING ! 
not a good night for bowling 
Conform to the establishment . THEN DESTROY IT FROM WITHIN ! 
theres a big protest at < PROPFEMALE > . something about a peaceful protest makes me want to toss a molotov and flip a car . 
I hope all scene kids dont dance the same way because what i just saw was absolutely terrible . i couldnt even make fun of it . 
Impossible is a word people use to justify giving up . 
? Single ? Taken ? Winning 
Completely Drained , now to latch on to the weak and drain their life so that mine may be restored . 
Two papes due tommorow , one due friday . Progress none . Motivation low . Suicide likely . 
If holding up two fingers is the sign for peace , I assume holding up your middle finger is the sign for war . 
did anyone else see the zombie in seven points today ? 
Im not sure what a broke ankle feels like but this has to be pretty close . 
Shes some kind of wonderful 
First day of spring break , time to relax for a week . 
Just drove the Jeep for the first time in what feels like years . Man the memories that came flooding back . 
Ball Me Blazer ! 
