feels a bit depressed today . Emotions flying and sharp removing . 

I fully support Obama and his Healthcare plan . And anyone who doesn't , hasn't gone to do the doctor with the flu just to received a 14 thousand dollar < PROPMALE > 2 weeks later . 
Feels like unabashedly balling my eyes out right now . Life sometimes traps you . What am I suppose to do to break free ? 
I miss you mom . 
Why does anyone even give a rats ass if Obama won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize ? 
* cough cough * I feel an infection disease , or possibly the plague . 
Tired of everyone taking vacations around me . Doesn't anyone think that maybe IIIII would like to f*cking leave this place ? 
Why didn't you tell me that you broke your tail bone ? I am your son you know . 
Ugh , I didn't get much sleep last night . I wish I was still in bed . 
I get weak in the knees I can hardly speak I lose all control and something takes over me ... 
Another day in the life . Bleh . 
Lay back , enjoy the show . Everybody gets , everybody gets low . 
It's not meant to be like this , not what I can't ignore . I don't want to feel like this . So that makes it all your fault . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or do not speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and I that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
I won't leave and I can't hide , I cannot be . Until you're resting here with me , and I won't go , and I won't sleep and I can't breath , until you're resting here with me . 
There he goes , there he goes again , racing through my brain and I just can't contain . It begins . 
Who wants to be ordinary in this crazed up world ? 
I love Moby . Good music for the soul . :) 
Missed Grandma Gimzy , but life goes on . Thanksgiving was great . 
Not happy . 
... They won't come true . Why ? Because I want them so bad . 
I posted two new pics , and I'm smiling in BOTH ! 
Posted 2 new pictures and I'm smiling in BOTH OF THEM ! For < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . ( now you can stop harassing me for more ) :) 
Going to enjoy my day that will be spent playing Call of Duty . I'm always in the mood for murder . XD Hope everyone's day is splendid . 
Rockin ' out . Enjoying my day . How about everyone else ? 
All good things come to an end . Life has a way of reminding you of that ... 
We build it up , just to break it down again , though we wish for gain , all we get is pain . 
You ever hear the saying nice guys finish last ? Well that applies to me . Life . 
music's got me feeling so free , we're gonna celebrate . Celebrate and dance so free , one more time . 
Music's got me feelin ' so free , we're gonna celebrate . Celebrate and dance so free , One more time . You got nothing on me . Watch out . 
Its only the next day ... Just kidding !! Happy new year ! XD 
Don't feel too good . Beginning to feel feverish . 
Currently ( desperately ) trying to sell some of my paintings so I can afford new supplies . If you know anyone who likes pop < PROPMALE > , send them my way . Also , I will do commission work also . Message me for more info ... PLS ! 
My < PROPMALE > is for sale and it's located in my Mobil Photo Album . I desperately need to sell some it in order to continue to paint ... I need more supplies . If you're interested send me a message ! Thanks friends . 
Buy my paintings ! Check them out in my Mobil photo album . Thanks friends . 
BUY MY PAINTINGS ! Check them out in my Mobil Photo Album ! Let me know what you think , I have to sell them . 
Interested in having a beautiful painting hanging on your wall ? Commission one with me ! Prices are flexible , explore your imagination and get back to me ! 
BUY MY PAINTINGS ! Gotta sell them in order to keep painting them . 
BUY MY PAINTINGS ! Check them out in my Mobile Photo Album . 
Slowly but surely I'm becoming anti Conan O'brian . Stupid pictures of him everywhere . He's already super ugly , shit at least put out an attractive picture/drawing/photoshop ( meaning you don't know how to draw ) of him out there . SHIIIIIT ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry under your name as a comment . \ " , 201 0-0 2-06 03:34:08 " 
go steady with me . I know it turns off when I , get talkin ' like a teen . You're directing me ... 
Love life , just don't like the cost of it . 
would've made sacrifices , just to get a taste of what it was like to live then ... 
So far , been the best < PROPFIRST>'s day in my 24 years of life . You're amazing . 
has been sucked into the 30's , 40's , and 50's jazz music . I LOVE THIS STUFF ! I don't understand why we don't hear more of it now . Feeling ... groovy . 
Slept pretty well . Looking forward to a new day . And hopefully won't be any extra stresses . 
Hmm , explain something to me . I applied for a job at Best Buy who , when running a background check , looks to a consumer reporting agency called Choicepoint . I search Choicepoint in Google and it brings up some \cover\ " website called Lexis ( blah blah blah ) . " 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Imbruglia with Missa , jumping up and down , dancing around . I love the 90's . 
There goes my faith . :( 
well , gotta hope for the best . 
Watching Duplicity with Clive < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Roberts , good movie so far . 
WOWOWOW , Duplicity is an AMAZING movie ! A great turn in the end , never would've guessed it . A great movie is one you can't call the ending , and I can do that a lot . 
Too much to drink . Too much trueblood and way to < PROPFIRST > to sleep solid . 
Do ya tink I am de sexeh ? 
What do you call a Giant retard with glow sticks ? 
FINALLY GOT an interview for a job !! < PROPFEMALE>'s , in the mall , can't wait to blow them away ! 
It's thoroughly annoying and rude when people cut you off . Not even letting you finish your thought . 
Love when my gut gives me feeling of untrust . I dislike those that can't just be honest . They forget some people just know when it's happening . 
Siblings ... enough said . 
Ugh , the irritation . My gut was right , should learn to listen to it more . 
Am now an OFFICIAL EMPLOYEE OF MACY'S! YAY ! 
Today was a phenomenal day . Got a new job , that's going to push me to succeed . Found a basis of understanding with one of my best friends , I love him very much . And feel incredibly content with myself and my surroundings . :) 
We typically always want the things we can't have . But when I do want something , I'm aggressive and determined to get it . No one is gonna stop me or get in my way . 
Takin ' a shower then I'm gonna play some Call of Duty MW2 with < PROPFEMALE > then call it a night . YAY ! 
My gut is acting up again . Wonder what it's about now . 
... I just can not sleep , my mind is chasing everything . So dream dream for meee , dream dream for meee . 
Had a great orientation at work today ! Can't wait to get to the floor and start working . :) 
Mmm , Ceasar Salad with spinach leaves and a movie , The Lovely Bones . Yay ! 
Just got done watching The Lovely Bones . It was amazing ! The cinematography will blow your mind , and I couldn't believe how original the movie was . Will NEVER delete it from my computer . 
Just got to < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Checking my schedule to see if I have to work tomorrow , then I'm going to relax , eat my Taco < PROPFEMALE > and catch up on Justified . 
Finally got caught up on Justified . < PROPFIRST > Olyphant is a great actor , and to believe he's from < PROPMALE > . Wow . 
* yawn * Coffee is what I need and want . :/ 
Slowly but surely , I'm becoming a rock . 
Can't believe the book I'm reading right now . Never thought I would end up reading a workbook . 
Fine ... I'm drunk , shit ! 
Yes it's all false love and affection , you don't like me , you just want the attention ... I'm not your toy , this isn't another girl meets boy . I'm loving La Roux . 
Use to be a fat kid . LOL . 
Yay ! Avatar downloaded and so did drag me to hell . Anybody have any suggestions on really good movies that were just recently released ? 
Can't believe how cold it is outside . Brrr . I'm just gonna stay in my bed for awhile . At least it's warm . 
So pissed off right now . It's frustrating when you're friends can't see beyond the charm of a < PROPMALE > . 
Slept so hard I woke up with blanket marks all over my face . Ugh . 
Just got offered a full-position at < PROPFEMALE>'s . I accepted and will now be working in Fashion Watches ! YAY ! 
I wish UPS delivered on Sunday . :/ 
Can't wait to start my new position at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Time to leave the bullshit behind and fly . No one's gonna stop me . ;) 
I miss my best friend , my other half , and the real love of my life . I don't know how to function with you . : .. ( 
Shaved my head . :) 
Irritated at Call of Duty . I hate people who cheat . 
Had an amazing day at work ! 
I can't believe KFC stopped making the Twister Wrap . That's just bad marketing , they lost my business . 
The TORTURE begins AGAIN ! Another week until Trueblood . 
Depressed about the changes that have to happen . Don't want my best friend to move away . It's just not fair . 
Recieved employee of the month at work this morning ! Makes me incredibly happy . 
Had to wait for the cabinet guys to finish installing the marble countertops , before we could start packing up the living room , so I went swimming . Now I'm burnt , but give it a day and I'll be bronzy . YAY ! Loving my life . 
Cleaning cleaning cleaning . Mopped , cleaned the bathroom , vacuumed , and put my laundry away . Time to relaxxx . 
Misses his best friend . :( Makes my heart ache and my head spin . 
So not the smartest thing I've ever done . Rollerblading in 90 degree weather . * vomits * 
A dream of mine was just crushed . 
Work is so slow . 
I love you mom . 
Thank you everyone for the bday wishes . I'm 25 today ... Whoo . 
Got promoted to management yesterday ! YAY ! 
Just got home from work and I find myself rather annoyed . Hmm . 
Day 6 in a run of 7 . One more day after this and I get a day off ... I need it . 
Absence makes the heart grow fonder ... * sigh * 
Ok so I have to complain ... about Lady Gaga . I just watched the < PROPMALE > music video . It kills me how catchy the song is however I can't believe the networks allow her to act like a slut in her music videos . It starts off PG but about halfway through it shows her , in basically nothing , acting like she's screwing some guy on a bed . 
It's a crime you let it happen to me , nevermind I let it happen to you . I don't mind forget it there's nothing to lose but mind and all the things I wanted ... 
Baking for < PROPMALE>'s return . :) 
This is why I don't drink . :( 
Had a nice night at work . It's great when you begin to feel more confident ! 
Just woke up and I feel like an ethipoian (>' o'<) 
Working when your head is congested is a challenge all in itself . 
So tired of being sick . 
Is in one of those moods where everyone is equally hated . Ahh , gotta love my days off . ;) 
Miss what my life use to be like ... 
Remember .. You're nothing if you're just another . 
Can't believe I'm awake this early on my day off . :( 
The Big C is on . Yay ! 
Best comment for the day thus far . \pickles are cucumbers soaked in evil\ " ... So effin ' true . " 
Had a good day at work . :) 
It's funny when you think you're doing something nice and surprising for someone and when you tell them about it they seem completely disinterested ... Oh wait , you're always disinterested in anything < PROPFIRST > . Ugh . I'm tired of feeling like your garbage . 
Having a great time at the wine and cheese festival . Ahhh . Refreshing beer ! 
Wish you were here to snuggle with me in bed . :( 
Oh life has it's moments . 
Had the most amazing weekend of my life . <3 
2 glasses of Moscato down ... I don't really feel to good after such a long day . I hope I'm not getting sick . 
Why is life so insecure from a distance .. 
Reading my book . I really wish they would've turned the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Vampire < PROPMALE > novels into a movie or an HBO special . OoOo HBO would do good by it . 
Feel as if today was a day from hell ! O.o . Oh life .. I need music and wine , NOW !! 
So not in the mood to move from my bed . 
Coffee has to have some relation to jesus . 
Is it bad that it's 8.30 am and I'm tempted to dive into my bottle of Mascato already ? 
Someone just told me that I can be the sweetest but I seem bitchy at first . Who agrees ? 
Looked at the weather on my iPhone and it's going to literally rain all week everywhere in the valley . It's going to be a long one . 
Work is crawling by . Can't wait for holiday season to be over ! 
Working a < PROPFEMALE > shift on Xmas < PROPFEMALE > . Oh joy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone . I wish my bestie would call me . 
Ugh ! Is the power ever going to come back on ?!? 
All these video games and I can't seem to find one that's satisfying . * sad panda face * 
I was driving to < PROPFEMALE>'s house earlier this evening when it was REALLY foggy . And at the top of the hill it was so thick it was like I was in a cloud , and there were cows everywhere . Literally giant beasts in the pasture . I thought I had lost it . :3 
Oh the single life has it's downfall . Waking up alone . :( 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more than I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are my babies and family who are hairy , walk on all fours and don't talk back ! 
Oh inventory , how you will be missed ... NOT !! :3 Good night Macy*s family . 
The day after inventory is like the day after rough sex . You feel used and abused .. Then tossed to the side once your job is done . Lol . Thank GOD it's over ! 
Just got done doing a little reading on the zodiac . WELL ... not only did they ADD a zodiac , but all the signs shifted . So I spent the first 25 years of my life as a cancer , even branded as one too , but now , I'm a FUCKING GEMINI !?!?! I HIGHLY doubt that . Gemini's are crazy ... EEK ! 
Feeling better . The swelling in my ears and eyes is gone . 
Had the weirdest dreams EVER ! 
\You don't know what is enough until you know what is more than enough . \"- < PROPMALE > Goldstein " 
This car is giving me hell ! 
Oh hell no ! ... Lol . I've said that more today than any other days combined . Don't ask me for a discount for my response is now known . :) 
Wish I could yank my throat out and beat the swollen from it . 
Wonder Girls obsession begins NOW !.. I wan't nobody nobody but you ... nobody nobody but you ... 
I hate when you order a medium drink and you end up getting a medium cup of ice that has two gulps in it . Lamesauce ! 
Just realized the limitations I've put on my life and the impact it's had . An \AHA\ " moment . " 
Got promoted to Sales Manager today ! Yay ! 
How much worse can this cough get . SHIIT ! 
