Happy New Years and thanks to everyone who made this years New Years Party a success !!! 

Summer means California Livin 
I'm Eating Some Trix ... I've had some good time with Trix over the years .... 
I'm planning some hardcore fun this summer . ( of course dad it will be good hardcore stuff ) 
Imma going swimmin with my bestie tommorrow 
OMG , Just came back from chillin with my bestie at her aunt's pool .... it was kick butt 
Hangin with my Bro Tonite !!! 
Uggh .. Going to camp Meeting : ( 
Gonna get tan layin out at the pool for hours on end this week !!!!! 
Went to the wave pool and made like 50 new friends lol ... I'm out going 
Just ate two popsicles ... What a fatty !!!! BTW Happy Fathers Day !!!! 
Im so bored people hit me up if ya wanna chill !!!! 
Everyone !!! Friday Night is the church lock in !! Text < PROPFEMALE > For more Details 
Just Listenin To My Song Ridin Solo by my Boi < PROPFIRST > Derulo !!!!!! 
Im tired of being sick !!! 
Hey hit me up if you want to go get tacos with me !! Any one ?!?!?! 
Making one of my famous Pecan Pies !!!! 
Well .. Gee Whilikers Today is so Sad ... The sky is crying because he misses the sun ! 
Happy 4th of July ! ! Wow .. Thats all I can think of 
Spent the day at my Mom and Dads house at the lake on the jet skiis ! 
My punk sister paid me 35 dollars for hert to be able to shave my head .... I look like a cancer patient !!! 
Waiting for my hair to grow out so I can dye it pink !!!! 
OK Everyone I just posted a new picture of my darn hair .. So check it out !!! 
Like This Status and I will confess my first impression of you . This will be Hilarious !!! 
Just got back home from being kicked out of the house for two days while they were tiling .... 
Just discovered a new band !!! Check out some of thier music ! Their name is Falukorvarna !!!! 
I'm going to Hot Springs Arkansas Tomorrow for a long relaxing Vacation ! 
Just got home from Arkansas ! What a great vacation ! SO tire though ! 
My pen can only write your name your filling every < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I wrote a message of inspiration to the Nike Chalkbot . What will you say ? http://www.facebook.com/livestrong 
Chancho just spilled water all over the keyboard !!!! 
Still Feeling Sick !?!? 
My fever is starting to break !!! I'm bored cuz I have been house bound all day !!! 
I love you so much !! You are my everything ! I just haven't met you yet ! 
Ughh .. went jet skiing yesterday and can barely move !!! 
I lost my crackers !!!! 
Hey might be rollin up in < PROPFIRST > tomorrow to chill ! 
Just finished mowing outside !! The sun is hott !!!! 
Wale ... Im feeling better today !!! Neck is still a big as a frogs and it hurts to swallow or anything of that nature .. but im feeling better !! 
@ least bein sick these past few months has helped me lose 20 pounds ! 
Just got back from camp !!! Tired and miss everyone !!!! 
uggh !!! I just finished cleaning the bathroom ! @ least it smells good ! 
What a long day ! The past couple of days I woke up at like 8 or 7 in the morning ! 
Well .. I just mopped the floors ... Sometimes i feel like my name is < PROPFIRST > and i get paid 3.25 $ a day plus a right to citizenship ! 
Im changin this for < PROPFEMALE > perez !!! 
Just had an amazing day with < PROPFIRST > and Friends !!!! 
Ughh !!! Does skool have to start munday ? I aint need no learnings ! 
Prison starts tommorrow !!! 
Skool was better than I xxxpected !!! It still sucked reely bad ! 
Today they searched me at school and took my Mp3 player !!! Btw I burnt my finger ! What a sucky day !!! 
People just tick me off ... I am p/oed for no reason ... 
At the beach rite now sharin a twin bed with rambro !!!! 
Relaxed at the beach this weekend .. napped on a hammock today !!! 
Can't wait for the weekend already !!! 
Half way through the week !!! 
Oh .. Two more days to go ! 
wooh it is the weekend !!! 
Ohh ... lord people really tick the fudge outta me .... let me at least make it through my life without stabbin a hoe 
Tired About to head to bed 
Today was such a rainy and nasty day !!!!!! I didnt get to wear my white linen pants today cuz it was raining !!!!! : ( 
Just got home and im doin reely good at alternative skool !!!! Im eating gushers lol !!! 
Omg !!!! I just discovered a band that i forgot about !!! It is called \ Electric < PROPFIRST > \ " !!!! I love Electronica " 
Just finished watching family guy and ating Charming Cafe ' My favoritest things to do !!! 
So tired ... Its been a long day !!! I cant wait for Friday ! 
Romans 8:38 -39 ( New International Version)\ 
38 For I am convinced that neither death nor life , neither angels nor demons , [ a ] neither the present nor the future , nor any powers , 39 neither height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord . 
I can't stand my family 
Today I'm chillin with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Don't wanna go to skool tommorrow ! 
I got ready early this morning ! 
Home from a long day at skool !!!! 
is this week almost over yet ? 
Finally home from school !!! Idk what imma do today 
Worked out really hard at the gym ! 
Happy to have such a wonderful life !!!! 
Today was a good day ! I'm , extreemly tire for some reason thogh !!! 
I just found out today that my last day of alternative school is monday !!!! Wats up Bees !!!!! 
The weather feels so so good !!!! 
Today was my last day of alternative schoool !!!! 
Today was a good day at regular school ! 
Im just chillin right now im trying to not let drama filled hoes to get in my head ! 
Check out my new Vid !!!! 
I am so excited about going with < PROPFIRST > Tonight ! 
Can't wait to go to kemah's Haunted house !!! 
I loved Kemah ... It was < PROPFEMALE > fun ! 
I haven't been on facebook for like 3 days now !!! 
A week just started !!!! 4 more days till freedom ! 
Told off Coach Lawallen today in class ! ! ! My parents are upset 
AS WE GROW UP ; your best friend becomes your worst enemy . lollipops turn into blunts . the innocent ones turn into sluts . homework goes in the trash . cellphones are being used in class . time out becomes suspension . soda becomes vodka . kisses turn into sex ., 
AS WE GROW UP ; your best friend becomes your worst enemy . lollipops turn into blunts . the innocent ones turn into sluts . homework goes in the trash . cellphones are being used in class . time out becomes suspension . soda becomes vodka . kisses turn into sex ., I stole this from < PROPFEMALE > 
Going to kemah tonight ... hit me up for the news about hte progress of my new rap : < PROPFIRST > P ft . Jay-p and Chauntae 
Happy Halloween everyone 
Have not been on face book in like two weeks 
Hey hit me up at 281 714 6987 i just got a new cell like a week or two ago 
School was long today !!!! Is it long until thanksgiving ? 
I have a tore up stomach tonight . I am a regular niagra falls around here . Does anyone have any industrial strength pepto bismol ? I love my Dad so much . 
I am so excited about the whole week off and for all the food involved ! And I get to spend tommrrow with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Hey everyone just lettin everyone know my dad hacked my face book so font pay attention to the tore up stomach comment ! 
Happy Thanksgiving From < PROPFIRST > Provazek And < PROPMALE > Bean Whiskey !!! Lol 
in the words of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... shh im experienced ! 
Addicted to you :D 
Got myt fone tooken up !!! 
My B-Day is Tommorrow !!!!!!! 
Tomorrow I will be 16 . 16 years has given me so much wisdom . Like : how awesome my dad is . Yall just wish yall had a dad like mine . dont hate , appreciate ! 
My big Sister < PROPFEMALE > is the koolest and prettiest chick ever , u other gurls b hatin ! 
It was a wonderful 16th birthday ! Today I ate with my family and and got my ears pierced ! Then i got some clothes and bought a ipod touch ! Thank you so much to everyone and I hope yall have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Don't Forget change your profile picture to ur favorite cartoon by tommorrow to support anti child abuse 
I am trying to get as buff and cut as my dad . Lord help me ..... 
I hate going to the gym but love the after effects !!! Who knows if I will lose weight but it is sure a great confidence booster !!!! 
I am absoulotley loving my new iPod touch !!!!!! I do not know how lived without it !!!! It is straight up like my personal assistant or just like A second brain 
Just came back from my moms school production and it was amazing ! I am so very proud of her and btw me and cel worked our butts off at the gym ..... Poor < PROPFIRST > ... How many times must he be violated 
Thank God the week is done , I've feel like a zombie comin ' back to life !!! _ Dj's Got us falling In Love 
Oh Loed they changed facebook again 
Hey I just got back from the gym the biggest thing that I have problems with is my diet I worked my butt off by the way I am using a new program that lets me speak what I want to say and it converts it to text if I speak very clearly it is 100% accurate and now I can make along Facebook posts 
For some reason I can not get into the Christmas spirit this year does any one have any ideas why and how I can 
I just finished Christmas shopping and help me be in the Christmas spirit I hopefully got a better present for < PROPFEMALE > Than < PROPFIRST > did 
At free birds !!!! The best place in the world !!!! Just spent 20.25 dollars for a meal !!!! My christmas gift to my self !!! Load up ur car and get ur butt to free birds now !!!! 
that food I ate is going right through me like niagra falls ... man I am cramping ... its explosive . I love my Dad .... and sister . They are the best 
Sometimes I look up at my dad and I just say \WOW\ " . He is so great . " 
School Tommorrow : ( !!!! Wow another year !! Let's hope it is a great year for friends , family , love , music , and wild teen spirit ! To recap on 2010's Greatest music hits check out the newest song \United State Of Pop 2010 \"" 
Spent hours panting my parents bedroom with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for my parents suprise anniversary gift !! They loved it and that made all the hard work worth it ! 
Going on my cruise tommorrow !!!! See ya losers l8ter !!!! 
Up in florid rite now about to hit the road again ! 
On our way home from an amazing cruise to the bahamas ! i am sad that it is over tho ! 
Finally Home and Very Tired !!! 
Felt good to sleep in to 1245 today !!!! 
I need a lazy day ! ! ! But I will never get that until I get the house to myself for a day . 
Bleaching My hair BLonde Right Now but my mom rubs it in my scalp and blisters my scalp ...... 
My hair turned out spotted so i died it burgandy brown 
Did you know that there were more military suicides than military combat deaths ? 
I can't wait until Friday !!! 
Sometime I wish I was the only person on Earth !!!! I would Party so hard and not have to listen to people tell me what to do or what they think about me !!! 
Just got home from watching True Grit !!! It was good ! The past two days has been rough 
Dang I just forgot to record my favorite programs on DVR now how a.m. I supposed to watch them I guess I have to wait until they are online wow our technology is the shizz 
people make me mad because they are sexy !!!! I think we normal people should overthrow the others 
Imma Marry < PROPFEMALE > Minaj So yall need to start calling me < PROPFIRST > Minaj !!! She's the sexiest black chica ever !!! 
Hey everyone who wants to be in the amazing human video pleas hit me up when you get a < PROPMALE > ... we need a lot of teens boys and girls and a mid aged mother ... Please respond !!! The human video wont be for a while but i need a list . Nothing is set in stone but it will happen . It will be about the consequenses of sin potrayed in a real life application way .... hit me up if u need my cell 
It IS so cold but as soon as they announcd skool was out i threw my back pack down the hallway and slammed on the walss yelled at the top oif my lungs and ran out of the school smakin peoples but !!! 
Felt gr8 to lay out today in the sun ! 
Listening TO Weeds Season 2 Soundtrack !!! Crazy Fun !!! 
Bored walking around newport just chillin listening to music ... it feels so good out side 
Today has been a bad day !!! I hate Modays So much and sooo many people get on my last nerve .... 
I have the best niece in da world ! She Is sitting right on my arm but she just ate half a post it note 
G 
So it is the story of my life ... Back to court back to alternative school or maybe high point ! Dad hating me and mom all in despair ... Brother and sister and friends who are only there to say i told u so ! So when it all comes down to it the majority of my problem is familt and friends . 
I am feeling Better ! I still need your prayers though please ! At least I get to chill wit my sister and niece tomorrow at tha Zoo ! 
Happy Valentines Day !!! Got back form the zoo wit my sis , moe , and my niece ! 
Just got back frm the guniss world book of records breaking in crosby 
Im am kinda sad today ! Do not want to go to this new skool but i have no other options 
1 last day until tha week end !!! 
My mom and sister are gobe and it is just me and my dad ! I came home an laid out in tha sun and then helped outside and walked tha cow fields almost getting charged by a momma cow and a bull ... Then i came home ate and started cleaning baking doing laundry .... all tha womans work . Now i kinda kno how my mom feels ... She makes it look so easy .... Oh well hott bath here i come 
Been busy today woke up early at 11:30 and helped my bro move into his new appartent 
Kant wait till springbreak 
just bleached my hair super blonde 
Anyways yall shood check out < PROPFEMALE > new blue hair .... btw I just got it cut too 
just came back from a weekend on tha beach 
Gonna dye my hair brown for court !!! My court date is Thursday ! : ( 
Oh God stuck in tha same routine again .... @ least I am learning how to drive 
Off to court right now just pray for me ..... 
Just got home from court and I have to do 8 hours of tutoring , go to a drug abuse class , and am on 60 day of probation ... 
Long day of skool but i get to chill now 
I jogged 1.2 < PROPMALE > nonstop and did p90x 
Tommorrow Is Friday ...!!! Finally this long week iz over 
Ok so today is probably going to be busy even though i woke up at 12:20 .... I already have mowed tha lawn , helped my dad clean hid car trunk and scheduled an a/c repair man . I still have to mow the church lawn , clean my room , and somehow squeeze in enough time to still go jogging ?!?!?!? 
Dang skool tommorow ? THis weeken went buy so quik 
