You know the kind of song that'll get you high .. When the < PROPFEMALE>'s so big ; it looks close enough to touch the sky .. When the sun don't reign and the < PROPFEMALE > won't shine .. I got a little thing that'll get you by , just a little while .. When you turn it on , it's gonna blow your mind .. Head over heels you go , look at you , look at you , fly .. 

and in my mind i was floating , far above the clouds .... some children laughed , i'd fall for certain , for thinking that i'd last .... for-ever 
just had a conversation that still has my head spinnin ' 
So if you wanna be with me , With these things there's no telling , We just have to wait and see . But I'd rather be workin ' for a paycheck , Than waiting to win the lottery . 
is goin to < PROPFEMALE > out with my grandpa for a bit and then goin to my daddy's grave ... holla at ya'll later 
sigh ..... :-( 
is still looking for a < PROPFEMALE > coated unicorn ... i've heard rumors that there may be one in the area ... and i thought i might've caught a glimpse of one on saturday , but i can't say for sure yet .. 
is in a good ass mood ! and i'm thankful for it ! going to see the new terminator in evans at 6:55 ... holla at me if anyone in the area wants to go ! prob get a few brews too ... 
dude i slept 14 hrs .... from 4:30 yeasterday to now .. that's crazy .. hope i'm not tired today from oversleeping ... 
its very dark outside ... it looks as tho the heaviest of rains are about to crash slam down to earth ... 
destroyed my knee again today ! :-( thanks alot < PROPFIRST > !!! 
we spend all of our lives goin ' out of our minds looking back to our birth , forward to our demise even scientists say , everything is just light not created , destroyed but eternally bright 
life is like a shooting < PROPFEMALE > it don't matter who you are if you only run for cover ... it's just a waste of time we are lost ' til we are found this phoenix rises up from the ground and all these wars are over 
Well , I can hear the whistle from a mile away . It sounds so good but I must stay away . That train is a beauty makin ' everybody stare , But its only destination is the middle of nowhere . 
is pimpin it like yoda ... just cause i'm walkin with a cane and a limp ... don't think i can't flip it around .. waaaa taaaahhh ... best watch yourself !!! lol ... 
Fail with honor rather than succeed by fraud 
The ideals which have lighted my way , and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully , have been Kindness , Beauty , and Truth . The trite subjects of human efforts , possessions , outward success , luxury have always seemed to me ... conte 
There can be no spirituality , no sanctity , no truth without the female sex . 
If a man does not keep pace with his companions , perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer . Let him step to the music which he hears , however measured or far away 
has just ordered UFC 100 .. i think its gonna be cool .. 
That which we persist in doing becomes easier , not that the task itself has become easier , but that our ability to perform it has improved . 
only those with the < PROPFEMALE > to do the simple things perfectly , aquire the skill to the difficult things easliy .... headin to the AUG ... holla 
Be courteous to all , but intimate with few , and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence . True friendship is a plant of slow growth , and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation .. 
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity . ~ MLK Jr. 
maintain your honor even in the face of adversity ... true integrity must be kept at the forefront of your being ... give not into the temptations of the easy road , for the easy thing and the right thing are rarely one in the same ... 
Hope begins in the dark , the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing , the < PROPFEMALE > will come . You wait and watch and work : You don't give up . 
when will i see you again ? still , life can only go so far . so I NEED YOU in front of me . saying my name , saying to me .. \i choose you the way you are .. you the way you are . \"" 
The truth is that there is nothing < PROPMALE > in being superior to somebody else . The only real nobility is in being superior to your former self . 
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act , even when it has worked and he has not been caught . 
Go through your phone book , call people and ask them to drive you to the airport . The ones who will drive you are your true friends . The rest aren't bad people ; they're just acquaintances . - < PROPFIRST > leno 
The important thing is not to stop questioning . Curiosity has its own reason for existing . One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity , of life , of the marvelous structure of reality . It is enough if one tries merely to co 
The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him ; and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him and show your distrust . ~ < PROPFIRST > L . Stimson 
I know a girl . She puts the color inside of my world and she's just like a maze . Where all of the walls all continually change . I've done all I can , to stand on her steps with my heart in my hands .. Now I'm starting to see , maybe it's got nothing to do wi 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . ~ Lao Tzu 
Every man ought to be inquisitive through every hour of his great adventure down to the day when he shall no longer cast a shadow in the sun . For if he dies without a question in his heart , what excuse is there for his continuance ? ~ < PROPFIRST > Moore < PROPFIRST > 
Boys you can break .. you find out how much they can take . boys will be strong and boys soldier on , but boys would be gone with out the warmth from a woman's good , good heart !! 
fudge cicles ... 
i'm only a man in a funny red sheet ... looking for special things inside of me ... i'm only a man in a funny red sheet .. i'm only a man looking for a dream .. 
Whatcha doin ' in this darkness baby ? When you know that love will set you free Will you stay in the sea forever ? Drownin ' there for all eternity Whatcha doin ' in this darkness baby ? Come on out into the light of love Come on out into the light of love < PROPFIRST > 
love hurts ! but sometimes it's a good hurt and i feel like i'm alive ... love sings ! when it trencends the bad things .. have a heart and try me , cause without love i won't survive ... 
Your biggest fear will be the rescue of you ... Strange how it turns out that way , yeah ? 
give in !!! to the rivers wind ! 
as the world goes ' round .. it's got me thinking .. that the things i want .. just keep me sinking down .. 
I am the son .. I am the heir , of a shyness that is criminally vulgar .. I am the son and the heir .. of nothing in particular .. You shut your mouth ! how can you say , I go about things the wrong way ? I am human and I need to be loved .. just like everybody el 
i'm never speaking up again .. it only hurts me .. i'd rather be a mystery than she desert me .. oh , i'm never speaking up again .. starting now .. 
is gonna drink till i can't feel feelings ... and possibly play rock band . 
gave a valiant effort but was ultimately unsuccessful with last nights mission . do not worry for i will be diligent in my task . tonight calls for a more ... aggressive aproach . 
If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity , you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow man . ~ Saint < PROPFIRST > of Assisi 
We must blend into the choir , sing as static with the whole , We must memorize nine < PROPFIRST > and deny we have a soul , And to this endless race for property and privilege to be won We must run , we must run , we must run . 
I saw you standing in my headlights . ( Blink , blink , blink . ) I thought I'd run you down for the weight you left on me . Instead I pushed rewind , reversed and drove away . And seeing you disappear in my rearview brought to me the word ' Reciprocity!' 
Today seems like a good day , to burn a bridge or two .. One with old wood creaking , that would burn away right on cue .. I try to be not like that , but some people really suck .. Some people need to get the axing , chalk it up to bad luck .. 
Well I ain't never been right , as I ain't never been wrong .. As everything works out , the way it does in this song .. ' Cause once in a while you get shown in the light .. In the strangest of places if you look at it right .. 
havin ' dinner with Mr. and Mrs. Moore .. after that .. UFC 101 Live tonight !! i'm callin ' for Florian over Penn , but i'm still up in the air about < PROPFEMALE > and Griffin ... if Griffin can avoid gettin ' caught in that plum clinch , he's got a good < PROPMALE > to pull it out .. 
Even if you have , even if you need .. I don't mean to stare , we don't have to breed .. We could plant a house , we could build a tree .. I don't even care , we could have all three .. 
From now on I'm gonna st < PROPMALE > holding my breath when you come around and you flex that fake grin , cause something inside me has said more than twice that breathing less air beats breathing you in ! High fives to better judgement . By saying less , I will gain more . Low twos to you my fickle friend , who brought the < PROPMALE > of silent war . 
If only I could write the beauty of your eyes .. And in fresh < PROPFIRST > , number all your graces .. The age to come would say ' This poet lies : Such heavenly touches ne'er touch'd earthly faces . ' 
I have thee not , and yet I see thee still . < PROPMALE > thou not , fatal vision , sensible , To feeling as to sight ? or < PROPMALE > thou but , A dagger of the mind , a false creation , Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain ? 
I pray you bear me henceforth from the noise and rumour of the field , where I may think the remnant of my thoughts in peace , and part of this body and my soul with contemplation and devout desires . 
Our lives are made , In these small hours .. These little wonders , These twists & turns of fate .. Time falls away , But these small hours .. These little wonders still remain .. 
You look pretty in your fancy dress , But I detect unhappiness . You never speak so I have to guess , You're not free ... There , maybe when you're old enough . You'll realize you're not so tough . And some days the seas get rough , And you'll see ... You're too young to have it figured out . You think you know what you're talking about . You think it will all work itself out , But we'll see ... 
When I was young I thought I knew .. You probably think you know too .. Do you ? Well do you ? I was naive just like you .. I thought I knew exactly what I wanted to do .. Well , what's you gonna do ? And how have you gotten by so far , Without having a visible scar ? No one knows who you really are .. They can't see .. The only way you'll ever learn a thing .. Is to admit that you know absolutely nothing .. Oh nothing .. 
Life is overwhelming .. Heavy is the head that wears the crown .. id love to be the one to disappoint you when I don't fall down .. but you don't understand when I'm attempting to explain .. because you know it all and I guess things will never change .. but you might need my hand when falling in your whole .. Your disposition ill remember when im letting go of ... 
interviewed for a new job yesterday .. i'll find out this afternoon whether or not i got it , so ya'll cross your fingers for me .. also i'm headin up to N.C. when i get off today .. HOO !! AHHHH !! 
Standing on a bridge , watch the water passing underneath .. It must have been much harder when there was no bridge , just water .. Now the world is small , compared to how it used to be .. with mountains and oceans and winters and rivers and stars ... 
You & I ; not tied to the ground .. not falling but rising , like rolling around .. eyes closed above the roof tops .. eyes closed we're gonna spin through the stars .. our arms wide as the sky , we gonna ride the blue .. all the way to the end of the world .. you & me together could do anything , baby .. you & me together yea , yea 
Do you know what it is ? To feel the light of love inside you .. And all the darkness falls away .. If you feel the way I feel .. Then I believe we have the answer .. I've been searching for tonight .. Love me baby love me baby .. Shake me like a monkey baby .. Forever I am yours .. 
Wake up sleepy head I think the sun's a little brighter today .. Smile and watch the icicles melt away and see the waters rising .. Summer's here to stay and all those summer games will last forever .. Go down to the shore kick off your shoes dive in the empty ocean .. 
I like most liquor but I don't like gin .. I don't always like the skin I'm in .. When I get it wrong I gotta start again .. Still i love the way you move baby .. I'm not all bad but I'm a faithful sinner .. I might get lost but I'll be home for dinner .. If God don't like me he can send me to hell .. 
The strands in your eyes that color them wonderful .. Stop me and steal my breath .. Emeralds from mountains thrust toward the sky .. Never revealing their depth .. Tell me that we belong together .. Dress it up with the trappings of love .. I'll be captivated .. I'll < PROPFEMALE > from your lips .. Instead of the gallows of heartache that < PROPFEMALE > from above .. 
Drop these down and .. Put them on me .. Nice cool seats .. There to cushion your knees .. Now to calm me .. Take me around again .. Don't pull over .. This time would you please drive faster .. Roll the windows down .. This cool night air is curious .. Let the whole world look in .. Who cares who sees what tonight .. 
is takin it down for the evening .. GOOD NIGHT NEVERLAND !!! 
You saw me lost and treading water , I looked pathetic , I looked as helpless as a stinger without a < PROPFEMALE > . But underneath my presentation , I knew the walls were coming down and the stones that fell , were aiming away from me .. 
Don't split your mentality .. without thinking twice .. your voice has got no reason .. now is the time to face your lies .. Open your eyes , open your mind .. proud like a god , don't pretend to be blind .. trapped in yourself , break out instead .. beat the machine that works in your head !! 
just got done makin ' a kick ass dinner for me mahh ... a succulent pork tenderloin smothered in a made from scratch pork & mushroom gravy served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes , freshly snapped green beans and a nice slice of homemade cornbread ....... now it's time to fuck it up !!!! 
just watched \Fanboys\ " and that movie is hilarious !! it's a must see for any < PROPFEMALE > wars fan .. i laughed thru the whole thing .. " 
Kiss kiss , make a wish .. Hope that it comes true .. I ain't waiting for the world to change .. Gonna change the world for you ! Come on pretty baby , Make you lose your mind .. Everybody get together , Gonna make love shine .. Do you know what it is to feel the light of love inside you ? And all the darkness falls away .. If you feel the way I feel , then believe we have the answer .. I've been searching for tonight !! 
is cooler than the flip-side of ya pillow ... 
chillin ' with the homies watchin ' UFC 102 !!! 
just woke up ... i haven't slept this late since high school .. crazy ... 
and what we had were underpants ... our fruit was of the loom , not of the tree .. 
You know there ain't no rest for the wicked , money don't grow on trees , we got bills to pay we got mouths to feed ain't nothing in this world for free . We can't slow down , we can't hold back though you know we wish we could . you no there aint no rest for the wicked , until we close our eyes for good . 
maybe you just need , a friend .. As clumsy as you've been .. There's no one laughing .. You will be safe in here .. 
you move like I want to .. to see like your eyes do .. we are downstairs where .. no one can see .. new life break away .. tonight I feel like more .. 
we spotted the ocean at the head of the trail .. where are we going , so far away .. and somebody told me that this is the place .. where everything's better , everything's safe .. walk on the ocean .. step on the stones .. flesh becomes water .. wood becomes bone .. 
I'd like to close my eyes and go numb .. But there's a cold wind coming from .. The top of the highest high rise today .. Its not a breeze cuz it blows hard .. Yes and it wants me to discard .. The humanity I know , watched the warmth blow away .. So don't let the world bring you down .. Not everyone here is that fucked up and cold .. Remember why you came and while you're alive .. Experience the warmth before you grow old .. 
it's funny that people are getting so upset , about what if kanye did .. so f'n what .. the dude took a microphone , shared an opinion and then walked off stage .. besides by getting angry you're only giving in to why he did it in the 1st place and that's for attention .. yea it was rude , but ignoring him would do a lot more damage to him and his rep. . 
Stars are dancin ' on the water here tonight .. It's good for the soul when there's not a soul in sight .. This motor's caught its wind and brought me back to life .. Now I'm alive and well .. And today you know that's good enough for me .. Breathing in and out's a blessing can't you see .. 
I want you to remember .. A love so full it could send us all ways .. I want you to surrender .. All my feelings < PROPFEMALE > today .. And I want you to remain .. The power of children can amaze .. Ill try not to complain .. I know thats a pisser baby .. 
Tell me all your thoughts on God .. ' Cause I would really like to meet her .. And ask her why ? and who we are ? 
music is what feelings sound like ... :-) 
We passed upon the stair .. We spoke of was and when .. Although I wasn't there .. He said I was his friend .. Which came as a surprise .. I spoke into his eyes .. I thought you died alone .. A long long time ago .. 
Travel only with thy equals or thy betters ; if there are none , travel alone . ~ The Dhammapada 
when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of ... You might bend , till you break .. Cause its all you can take .. On your knees you look up , decide you've had enough .. You get mad , you get strong .. Wipe your hands , shake it off .. Then you Stand !!!! 
ain't no rhyme or reason .. no complicated meaning .. ain't no need to over think it ... let go laughing ... life don't go quite like you planned it .. we try , so , hard to understand it .. the irrefutable , indisputable fact is ... Shit Happens !!! 
Say what you say , i just sail away .. She can't stand me , but i miss her face .. I feel like drowning , but the tides too low .. And now i'm waiting , for the undertow .. So i .. I stand tall , it gets a little better .. I see the wall that we can break down together .. Stand strong , it gets a little better now .. We can break it down , yes we can break it .. 
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ........ 
I replied that I had been goin through tha same things that he had .. True I got more fans than the average man but not enough loot to last me .. to the end of the week , I live by the beat like you live check to check .. If you don't move yo ' foot then I don't eat , so we like neck to neck .. 
today was such a looooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnggggggggg day !!!! 
I said excuse me little mama if I may .. Take this thought and send it your way .. And if you don’t like that , then send it right back .. But I just gotta say .. I wanna be on you ! 
if you ballin playa , it's only cause GOD's your coach .. And it don't be about the lies you hold , laws you broke .. Tha thangs ya drank , tha dank or tha cigars you smoke .. 
Drop the top and let the sunshine in .. With the woodgrain , let the twinkies spin .. Get you a glass , mix the Coke and the Hen ' .. It's quite alright , with the ' dro in the wind !! 
misses waking up to that mountain air !!! 
I'm thinking what a mess we're in .. Hard to know where to begin .. If I could slip the sickly ties .. Of earth , that man has made .. And now every mother can choose the color .. Of her child , that's not natures way .. Well that's what they said yesterday .. There's nothing left to do but pray .. I think it's time I found a new religion .. Waoh ! it's so insane !! 
So much craziness surroundin ' me .. So much goin ' on , it gets hard to breathe .. When all my faith has gone , you bring it back to me .. You make it real for me .. When I'm not sure about my priorities .. When I've lost site of where I'm meant to be .. Like holy water washin ' over me .. You make it real for me .. 
Oh it hit me like a steel freight train .. When you left me .. And nothing ever hurt like you .. No , nothing ever hurt like you .. I was naive and wide-eyed .. But you made me see .. That you don’t get to taste the < PROPFEMALE > .. Without the sting of a < PROPFEMALE > .. No you don’t !! Yes you stung me good .. Oh yeah , you dug in deep .. But I’ll take it , I’ll take it , I’ll take it .. Til I’m down on my knees .. 
You've got to trust your instincts !!! And let go of regret !! You've got to bet on yourself now , < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! ' Cause that's your best bet !!! Watch me now , with a wicked and wild , and I said .. We comin ' with the funky style .. 
I was naive and wide-eyed .. But you made me see .. That you don’t get to taste the < PROPFEMALE > .. Without the sting of a < PROPFEMALE > .. No you don’t .. Yes , you stung me good .. Oh yeah you dug in deep .. But I’ll take it , I’ll take it , I’ll take it .. Til I’m down on my knees .. 
ROLL TIDE BABY !!! poo on auburn .. 
I get it now .. I take .. the time to think .. before I make .. mistakes just for my family sake .. That part of me left yesterday .. The heart of me is strong today .. No regrets , I'm blessed to say .. the old me dead and gone away .. i've been travelin on this road too long .. just tryin to find my way back home .. the old me's dead and gone .. Dead and Gone !!! 
No fear .. No distractions .. The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide .. 
if you're free you'll never see the walls .. if you're head is clear you'll never freefall .. if you're out right you never fear the wrong .. if you're head is high you never fear at all .. 
Life moves too slowly to hold you down .. With ringing hands , you take it out on me .. Settle down !! I won't hesitate .. to hit the highway .. Before you leave me to waste .. Settle up .. and i'll , help you find something to drive .. Before you drive me insane !! so get yourself a car .. and drive it all alone .. 
When we're free to love anyone we choose .. When this world's big enough for all different views .. When we all can worship from our own kind of pew .. Then we shall be free !! And when money talks for the very last time .. And nobody walks a step behind .. When there's only one race and that's mankind .. Then we shall be free !! Stand straight , walk proud .. have a little faith and hold out .. We shall be free !! 
Well I hide all the bruises ; I hide all the damage that’s done .. But I show how I’m feeling until all the feeling has gone .. I can’t explain .. why it’s not enough .. Coz I gave it all to you .. And if you leave me now .. Oh , just leave me now .. It’s the better thing to do .. It’s time to surrender .. It’s been too long pretending .. It’s no use in trying .. When the pieces don’t fit here anymore .. 
I'm building an antenna .. Transmissions will be sent .. When I am through .. Maybe we can meet again .. Further down the river .. And share what we both discovered .. Then revel in the view .. 
we spend all of our lives goin ' out of our minds .. looking back to our birth , forward to our demise .. even scientists say , EVERYTHING is just light !! not created , destroyed , but eternally bright .. masters in everytime .. lords in everyplace .. those who stood up for love , down in spite of the hate .. in spite of the hate .. 
just recognize it all as light and rainbows .. smashed to smithereens .. and be happy .. 
Overcome and completely silent now .. With heaven's help .. You cast your demons out .. And not to pull your halo down .. Around your neck and tug you off your cloud .. But I'm more than just a little curious .. How you're planning to go about making your amends .. To the dead .. Recall the deeds , as if .. They're all someone else's .. Atrocious stories .. Now you stand reborn before us all .. So glad to see you well .. 
Freak out .. give in .. Doesn't matter what you believe in .. Stay cool .. And be somebody's fool this year .. ' cause they know .. Who is righteous , what is bold .. or so I'm told .. Hipsters unite .. Come align , for the big fight .. to rock for you .. But beware .. Of all those angels with their wings glued on .. ' cause deep down .. We are frightened and we're scared .. If you don't stare .. 
Not , two days ago .. I was having a look in a book .. And I saw a picture of a guy fried up above his knees .. I said I can relate .. Cause lately I've been thinking of combustication as a welcomed vacation from .. The burdens of the planet earth , like gravity , hypocrisy , and the perils of being in 3-D .. And thinking so much differently .. 
Oh life can be strange .. Good and bad in so many ways .. And in time you will find .. That things are not always what they seem .. Well I’ve got something to say .. But you might laugh , joke or run away .. Coz I’m awkward and nervous .. Sometimes I don’t say much at all .. 
I lost my way , can’t go back anymore .. Once I had everything , now it’s gone .. Don’t tell me again , coz I‘ve heard it all before .. Time has come for me to change again .. I can’t < PROPFEMALE > on like this , I will lose my friends .. don’t say that you have given up on me .. Just give me the time and space to heal my head .. Some people say that I’m not worth it .. I’ve made mistakes , but nobody’s perfect .. 
Fake the heat and scratch the itch .. Skinned up knees and salty lips .. I'll breathe your life ; vicks vapor life .. And when you binge ; I purge alike .. Let go , it's harder holding on .. One more trip and I'll be gone .. So keep your head up .. Keep it on , just a whisper ; I'll be gone .. Take a breath and make it big .. It's the last you'll ever give .. 
Music the great communicator .. use two sticks to make it in the nature .. I'll get you into penetration .. the gender of a generation .. the birth of every other nation .. worth your weight the gold of meditation .. This chapter's going to be a close one .. smoke rings I know you're going to blow one .. all on a spaceship persevering .. use my hands for everything but steering .. Can't stop the spirits when they need you .. 
this boy you < PROPMALE > , this man you'll find .. will dry the tears behind your eyes .. so stop laughing and play the muse .. this heartache rots , that which spills .. from my heart into your will .. so give in to the rivers wind .. 
Speak to me in a language I can hear .. Humour me before I have to go .. Deep in thought I forgive everyone .. As the cluttered streets greet me once again .. I know I can't be late , supper's waiting on the table .. Tomorrow's just an excuse away .. So I pull my collar up and face the cold , on my own .. The earth laughs beneath my heavy feet .. At the blasphemy in my old jangly walk .. 
I’m still here .. But it hasn’t been easy .. I’m sure .. That you had you’re reasons .. I’m scared .. Of all this emotion .. For years I’ve been holding it down .. And I love to forgive and forget .. So I’ll try to put all this behind us .. Just know that my arms are wide open .. The older I get the more that I know .. 
If Martians fell from the sky .. What would that do to God ?? Would we put the weapon down .. Or aim it up at the sky ?? No one would believe it except the feckin ' nut jobs .. They'd laugh and cry \we told you so ! \"" 
here comes my faith ; to < PROPFEMALE > me on .. a faith , not of grade .. i fight to to stay strong ; so i stand accused .. of playing numb .. i know it is wrong .. for i give my strength .. i give my heart .. take these chains .. and hold them as ours .. for i must shine .. and i will < PROPFEMALE > .. in a season all mine .. 
You raise your voice .. You fill the stage .. Your eyes are wide .. You know the weakness . That you've felt .. Is not just yours .. So many more .. You're not alone .. The song you sing is not your own .. You fill the room with something real .. You've never had it , so you hesitate to try and find it .. You listen carefully for whispers of what lurks behind it .. You play the corners .. Never get too close to where it might be .. 
Happy new year < PROPFEMALE > !! i wish you all the best in the coming new year ! you're all exceptionally wonderful people ! 
I ring the < PROPFEMALE > till someone listens .. Bring me gold and bring me wisdom .. Give me scars to bring me grace .. And wicked wit and when I use it .. Dash the hopes of those who hate me .. Give me love big as a mountain .. Of a whole , yeah !! 
Baby did you hear that ?? yea baby I heard it too .. Look out the window , golly the sky is electric blue .. Mamma Earth is dyin and cryin because of you .. Rainin cats and jackles ; all shackles disintegrate , to residue .. Silly mortals haven't a clue .. as to what the fuck is goin on .. 
i swear , i recognize your breath .. memories like fingerprints are slowly erasing .. me ?! you wouldn't recall , for i'm not my former .. it's hard when , you're stuck upon the shelf .. i changed by not changing at all , small town predicts my fate .. perhaps that's what no one wants to see .. i just want to scream ... hello ... my god its been to long , never dreamed you'd return .. but now here you are , and here i am .. 
I hear hurricanes a blowin ' .. I know the end is commin ' soon .. I fear rivers over flowing .. I hear the voice of rage and ruin .. Hope you got your things together .. Hope you are quite prepared to die .. Looks like we'er in for nasty weather .. One eye is taken for an eye .. 
If there was a place .. Hidden in the stars .. Reflectin ' on heaven's graces .. If God had an honest face .. A troubled expression would be watching the human race .. 
It's a jungle out there .. Poison in the very air we breath .. You know what's in the water that you drink .. Well I do , and it's a-mazing .. People think I'm crazy .. I worry all the time .. If you'd pay attention you'd be worried too .. You'd better pay attention .. Or this world we love so much .. Might just kill you .. I could be wrong now .. But I don't think so .. Cause it's a jungle out there .. It's a jungle out there .. 
What have I become ?? My sweetest friend .. Everyone I know goes away .. In the end .. And you could have it all .. My empire of dirt .. I will let you down .. I will make you hurt .. I wear this crown of thorns .. Upon my liar's chair .. Full of broken thoughts .. I cannot repair .. Beneath the stains of time .. The feelings disappear .. You are someone else .. And I am still right here .. 
Let me ask you one question .. Is your money that good ?? Will it buy you forgiveness ?? Do you think that it could ?? I think that you'll find .. When your death takes its toll .. All the money you've made .. Will never buy back your soul !!!!!! 
Shut my mouth and strike the demons .. That cursed you and your reasons .. Out of hand and out of season .. Out of love and out of feeling .. So bad .. That when I can , I will .. Words defy the plan .. When I can , I will .. Fool enough to almost be it .. Cool enough to not quite see it .. And old enough to always feel this .. Always old , I'll always feel this .. 
I can go where no one else can go .. I know what no one else knows .. Here I am just drownin ' in the rain .. With a ticket for a runaway train .. And everything seems cut and dry .. Day and night , earth and sky .. Somehow I just don't believe it .. 
Appena darmi la musica .. il riposo di esso può andare f sé nell'a .. 
You daughters of the revolution .. < PROPFEMALE > back your sons .. < PROPFEMALE > them back home .. Cause I am one of many , many more to come ... 
Now maybe , I could have made my own mistakes .. But I live with what I've known .. And then maybe , we might share in something great .. But won't you look at where we've grown .. But then someday comes ; tomorrow holds , a sense of what I feel for you in my mind .. As you trip the final line .. And that cold day when you lost control .. Shame you left my life so soon you should have told me .. But you left me far behind .. 
Out there ; no food , no drink .. How many days do you think .. You'd last with all your .. Diamonds and your pearls ?? I'm not a < PROPMALE > , no .. Not a hero .. Not a fool .. I'm not perfect .. I'm flesh and bones .. And I'm exactly what you need .. 
the diffrence is that when my spirit tells me so .. it is enough .. while you must wear it on your person .. on your clothes and skin .. so that others can repeat it back to you .. 
Hey , you know they're all the same .. You know you're doing better on your own , so don't buy in .. Live right now , yeah , just be yourself .. It doesn't matter if it's good enough for someone else .. It just takes some time .. 
Somwhere . he pulls his hair down . over a frowning smile . A hidden < PROPFEMALE > u cannot find . A secret < PROPFEMALE > that cannot shine over to u . May the < PROPMALE > of gloom , be forever doomed . And in ur sad machines . u'll forever stay . Burning up in speed . Lost inside the dreams , of teen machines . The useless drags , the empty days . The lonely towers of long mistakes . To forgotten faces and faded loves . Sitting still was never enough . 
Now the wind is high and the rain is heavy .. And the water's rising in the levee .. Still I think of her , when the sun goes down .. It never goes away , but it'll all work out .. 
One day , do you think we'll wake up ?? In a world on its way to getting better .. And if so .. Can you tell me .. How ?? I have been thinking that lately the blood is increasing .. The tourniquet's not keeping hold , in spite of our twisting .. Though we would like to believe that we are .. we are not in control .. Though we would love to believe .. 
You see life is a crazy thing .. There’ll be good times .. And there’ll be bad times .. And everything in between .. And I don’t know which ways it’s gonna go .. So if it’s going to be a rainy day .. There’s nothing we can do to make it change .. We can pray for < PROPFEMALE > weather .. But that won’t stop the rain .. 
Just as every cop is a criminal .. And all the sinners , saints .. As heads is tails , just call me Lucifer .. I'm in need of some restraint .. So if you meet me , have some courtesy .. Have some sympathy and some taste .. Use all your well learned politics .. Or I'll lay your soul to waste .. Pleased to meet you .. Hope you guess my name .. But what's puzzling you .. Is the nature of my game .. 
I am a one way motorway .. I'm the one that drives away .. then follows you back home .. I am a street light shining .. I'm a wild light blinding bright .. burning off alone .. 
I am a new day rising .. I'm a brand new sky .. to < PROPFEMALE > the stars upon tonight .. I am a little divided .. do I stay or run away .. and leave it all behind ?? 
Sometimes , I feel the fear of uncertainty stinging clear .. And I can't help but ask myself how much I let the fear .. Take the wheel and steer .. It's driven me before .. And it seems to have a vague , haunting mass appeal .. But lately I'm beginning to find that I .. Should be the one behind the wheel .. 
oh well .. whatever .. nevermind .. 
You , sugar taste .. Sweetness doesn't often touch my face .. Stay , if you please .. You may not be here when I leave .. As of now I bet you got me wrong .. 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
It's a shame about raisins ... 
Run and tell all of the angels .. This could take all night .. Think I need a devil to help me get things right .. Hook me up a new revolution .. Cause this one is a lie .. We sat around laughing and watched the last one die .. 
piss on self-esteem .. forward busted knee .. sick head .. blackened lungs .. and i'm a simple selfish son .. 
I'm going back to the folks that I used to know .. Where everyone is what they seem to be .. And these high-class friends that like to < PROPFEMALE > around .. When they look my way they're always looking down .. I'm tired of spending every dime I make .. To finance this way of life I've learned to hate .. I'm going back to a better class of loser .. This up-town living's really got me down .. 
From the day we arrive on the planet .. And blinking , step into the sun .. There's more to see than can ever be seen .. More to do than can ever be done .. Some say eat or be eaten .. Some say live and let live .. But all are agreed as they join this stampede .. You should never take more than you give .. 
In every heart there is a room .. A sanctuary safe and strong .. To heal the wounds from lovers past .. Until a new one comes along .. I spoke to you in cautious tones .. You answered me with no pretense .. And still I feel I said too much .. My silence is my self defense .. 
Now I'm staring at the sun .. waiting for it to explode .. Because a day is gonna come .. don't know when but it will come .. and we'll finally know the way out of here .. I'll throw away this wrinkled map .. and my chart of stars and compass , cracked .. And I'll climb that tree all wet with sap .. to avoid the hungry beasts below .. 
you choke on the lie .. even though he's the one .. who did this to you .. you never thought to question why .. 
the anchor is up , you've been swept away .. the greatest of teachers won't hesitate .. to leave you there , by yourself , chained to fate .. 
I live cement .. I hate this street .. Give dirt to me .. I bite lament .. This human form .. Where I was born .. I now repent .. 
yeah I found god .. and he was absolutely just like me .. he opened my mouth , looked down my throat .. told me I was thirsty .. he said , I been , I been , I been .. been in this water all my life .. never took the time to breathe .. 
the stillness in your eyes .. convinces me that I .. I don't know a thing .. and I been around the world .. and I've tasted all the wines .. a half a billion times .. came sickened to your shores .. so show me what this life is for .. 
Imagine there's no heaven .. It's easy if you try .. No hell below us .. Above us only sky .. Imagine all the people .. living for today .. Imagine there's no countries .. It isnt hard to do .. Nothing to kill or die for .. No religion too .. Imagine all the people .. living life in peace .. 
Price tags advertise your pride .. Since when did what we pay for colored cloth gauge our gravity ?? Yeah you got your little world .. Picture perfect , its a < PROPFEMALE > .. Now go and try and sleep in the bed you made .. You should be careful what you wish for .. Cause everyone of us has a devil inside .. You should be careful what you wish for .. Cause all of what amounts , becomes you .. 
If ever u are feeling like u are tired .. And all ur uphill struggles leave u headed downhill .. If u realize ur wildest dreams can hurt u .. And ur appetite for pain has drinken its fill .. I ask of u a very simple question .. Did u think for one minute that u were alone .. And is ur suffering a privilege u share only .. Or did u think that everybody else was completely at home .. Just wait .. And it will come .. 
It doesn't matter what I say .. So long as I sing with inflection .. That makes you feel I convey .. Some inner truth from past reflection .. But I've said nothing so far .. And I can keep it up as long as it takes .. And it don't matter who you are .. If I'm doing my job , it's your resolve that breaks .. 
is moving away to neverland !!!!!!!! can't wait to say , \good-bye real world !!!! \"" 
I want more than a touch , I want you to reach me .. And show me all the things no one else can see .. So what you feel becomes mine as well .. And soon if we're lucky we'd be unable to tell .. What's yours and mine ; the fishing's fine .. And it doesn't have to rhyme so don't feed me a line .. 
Can you see without eyes ?? Can you speak without lies ?? I wanna drink from you naked fountain .. I can drown your sorrows .. I'm gonna burn , burn you to life now .. Out of the chains that bind you .. 
I got a bad disease .. Up from my brain is where I bleed .. Insanity it seems .. Has got me by my soul to squeeze .. Well all the love from me .. With all these dying trees I scream .. The Angels in my dreams .. have turned to demons of greed .. That's me .. 
Oh , it's a mystery to me .. We have a greed , with which we have agreed .. and you think you have to want more than you need .. until you have it all , you won't be free .. Society , you're a crazy breed .. I hope you're not lonely , without me .. 
I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game .. To stimulate , then activate the left and right brain .. Said , baby boy , you only funky as your last cut .. You focus on the past ; your ass'll be a \has what .. \ " That's one to live by or either that one to die to .. I try to just throw it at you .. \ " determine your own adventure .. \"" 
\Those who know how to think need no teachers . \ " ~ Mohandas Gandhi " 
once I built an < PROPFIRST > tower .. so I could worship from above .. and when I climbed down to be set free .. she took me in again .. when she comes to greet me .. she is mercy at my feet .. when I see her pin her charm .. she just throws it back me .. once I sought an early grave .. to find a better land .. she just smiled and laughed at me .. and took her blues back again .. 
Vacate is the word , vengeance has no place so near to her .. Cannot find a comfort in this world .. Artificial tear , vessel stabbed ; next up volunteers .. Vulnerable , wisdom can't adhere .. As privileged as a whore , victims in demand for public show .. Swept out through the cracks beneath the door .. Holier than thou , how ?? Surrendered , executed anyhow .. Scrawl dissolved , cigar box on the floor .. 
It's something one won't understand .. Unless they're in it with me , hand in hand .. Don't buy the fear , don't buy that my dear .. The things you love you must keep near .. < PROPFEMALE > on and you won't feel withdrawn .. Even if you're coming down .. Sometimes it's wearable sometimes is bearable .. I careen towards balance til ' ... the glass is full .. 
In my fantasy , I'm a pantomime .. I just move my hands and everyone sees what I mean .. Words are too messy and it's way past time .. To hand in my mouth ; paint my face white and try .. To reinvent the sea , one wave at a time .. Speak without my voice .. And see the world by candlelight .. 
Is this the real life ?? Is this just fantasy ?? Caught in a landslide .. No escape from reality .. Open your eyes .. Look up to the skies and see .. I'm just a poor boy .. I need no sympathy .. Because I'm easy come , easy go , Little high , little low .. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter .. to me .. 
If I keep holding out .. Will the light shine through ?? Under this broken roof .. Its only rain that I feel .. Ive been wishing out the days .. Oh come back .. I have been planning out .. All that I'd say to you .. Since you slipped away .. Know that I still remain true .. Ive been wishing out the days .. Please say that if you hadnt gone now .. I wouldnt have lost you another way .. From wherever you are .. Oh come back .. 
The strangest thing today .. So far away and yet you feel so close .. And Im not gonna question any other way .. There must be an open door .. For you .. To come back .. And the days they linger on .. And every night , when I'm waiting for .. The real possibility that I may meet you in my dreams .. Sometimes you're there and you're talking back to me .. Come the morning I can swear that you're next to me .. And its okay .. 
Hand over my mouth , I'm earning the right to my silence .. In quiet discerning between ego and timing .. Good judgment is once again proving to me .. That it's still worth it's weight in gold .. From now on I'm gonna be so much more wary .. When you start to speak and my warm blood starts to boil .. Seeing you is like pulling teeth .. And hearing your voice is like chewing tin foil .. 
is moving back to N.C. and the N.O.C. making the initial run on thursday to take my bed and some other things .. be back on sunday .. < PROPFEMALE > around for another week or so then i'm throwin up the dueces and headin out .. if ya care enough to want to see me before i go , then give me a holla and i'll be sure to try and make some time .. peace be the journey .. 
Spiritual relationship is far more precious than physical . Physical relationship divorced from spiritual is body without soul .. ~ Mohandas Gandhi 
Man can never be a woman's equal in the spirit of selfless service with which nature has endowed her . ~ Mohandas Gandhi 
Fret for your figure ?! Fret for your latte ?! Fret for your lawsuit ?! Fret for your hairpiece ?! Fret for your prozac ?! Fret for your pilot ?! Fret for your contract ?! Fret for your car ?! It's a bullshit , three ring circus .. A sideshow of freaks .. 
Man falls from the pursuit of the ideal of plain living and high thinking the moment he wants to multiply his daily wants . Man's happiness really lies in contentment . ~ Mohandas Gandhi 
We gotta make a change ... It's time for us as a people to start makin ' some changes . Let's change the way we eat , let's change the way we live and let's change the way we treat each other . You see the old way wasn't working so it's on us to do what we gotta do , to survive . 
i'm praying for rain .. i'm praying for tidal waves .. i wanna see the ground give way .. i wanna watch it all go down .. mom's gonna fix it all soon .. mom's coming around to put it back the way it ought to be .. Time to bring it down again .. Don't just call me pessimist .. Try and read between the lines .. 
this boy wants to play .. there's no time left today .. it's a shame cause he has to go home .. this boy has to work , has to sweat .. just to pay what he gets to get left all alone .. 
it seems only a matter of time before the laws of nature redress the balance .. 
i'm not a martyr .. i'm not a prophet .. and i won't preach to you .. but here's a caution .. you better understand .. that i won't hold your hand .. but if helps you mend .. then i won't stop it .. 
One love .. it's easier said than done .. can i rise above ?? everything that's in my way ?? like words you say .. you let your tongue get loose .. and when push comes to shove .. i'm not used .. to walking away .. i keep on looking up .. because these times are getting tough .. tomorrows gone .. and its the same ol ' song .. 
Life's a dance .. ya learn as you go .. sometimes ya lead .. sometimes ya follow .. but don't worry bout what you don't know .. cause life's a dance , ya learn as you go .. 
not for one's own or another's gain , should one commit an evil deed . regardless of the < PROPFEMALE > for children , wealth , kingdom or any other kind of success . one should remain virtuous , wise and righteous . 
i saw you standing in my headlights .. blink , blink , blink .. i wanted to run you down for the weight you left on me .. but i just pushed rewind .. reversed and drove away .. and seeing you disappear in the rear view .. brought to me the word \reciprocity .. \"" 
whenever i look back at the best days of my life .. i thin i saw them all on tv .. i am so homesick now for someone that i never knew .. i am so homesick for some place i will never be .. i never had a summer of ' 69 .. never had a < PROPFEMALE > valance of my own .. sll these precious memories .. you promised me would come in time .. well where was i when i missed mine .. 
all the pictures had .. all been washed in black , tattooed all i see .. all the love gone bad , turned my world to black .. tattooed all i see , all that i am and all i'll be .. i know someday you'll have a beautiful life .. i know you will be a < PROPFEMALE > .. in someone else's sky .. but why , why , why can't it be mine ?? 
I don't feel the suns comin ' out today .. its staying in , its gonna find another way .. As I sit here in this misery , I don't think I'll ever .. see the sun from here .. And oh , as I fade away .. they'll all look at me and say , and they'll say .. Hey look at him ! I'll never live that way .. But that's okay .. they're just afraid to change .. 
ohh , as i fade away .. they'll all look at me and they'll say .. hey look at him and where he is these days .. when life is hard , you have to change .. 
All that I need is the air that I breathe .. And all that I need , are things I don't need .. And all that really matters is what matters to me .. And who of you are like me ?? If I was to smile and I held out my hand .. If I opened it now , would you not understand ?? Because you know if I'm to benefit , I'll do everything that I can .. And who of you are like me ?? 
You know I smoked a lot of grass .. Oh Lord ! I've popped a lot of pills .. But I've never done nothin ' .. That my spirit couldn't kill .. And I walk around .. With tombstones in my eyes .. But I know the pusher don't care .. If you live or if you die .. And I said , goddamn .. Goddamn that bible pushin ' man .. 
We'll be there when you wake .. No more sweat or the shakes .. Feel the love if you can .. Lost your mind , feel insane .. Whoooooa .. You're feeling hopeless .. And all your dreams have gone away .. Take the time to heal your sorrows .. And disappear from the world .. Live for tomorrow .. Hope you changed your ways .. There's not much more to say .. When the dark turns to gray .. Broken hearts fade away .. 
you make me happy .. you magnify my better half .. you make me certain .. tho all i have today is your photograph .. 
but what is strength , without a double serving of wisdom ?? 
is super sick like ah-ch-chooo ... 
it'll make ya feel good .. over my shoulder .. it get me down and got me tied up .. till i grew older .. but feel me .. inside of you .. like you wanted to .. or is it just the pains in your head .. that are thrillin me .. another life .. that's fallin down on to it's knees .. 
My own \ 
philosophy has been good to me .. I try to stay to myself and don't get \ 
caught in the shit storm .. Sometimes , nothing's better than \ 
something .. Sometimes , you're better off lonely .. Most of the time I really don't mind .. It's \ 
pointless to waste all of my time , thinking about this shit .. I spend \ 
most of my days trying to unwind and forget about it .. 
I walked around my good intentions .. And found that there were none .. I blame my father for the wasted years .. We hardly talked .. Never thought I would forget this hate .. But a phone call made me realize I'm wrong .. And if I don't make it , know that .. I loved you all along .. Just like < PROPFEMALE > days that .. We ignore because .. We're all dumb and jaded .. 
control is an illusion !! don't be ignorant and think you actually possess any .. 
\don't try to find the answer .. \ 
the respect due an honorable man , is worth more than all the gold in all the kingdoms .. 
sometimes someone sayin yes .. changes what you'll bet .. 
listen ' ere you fuckin fringe .. if i throw a dog a bone i don't wanna know if it tastes good or not .. you stop me again whilest i'm walking and i'll cut your fucking jacobs off .. 
Watch the sky , the jet planes , so far out of my reach .. Is there someone up there looking down on me ?? Boy < PROPMALE > a bird , so close but every time .. He’ll never catch her , but he can’t stop trying .. Funny the way it is .. 
I've got to pick a god .. So many of them to witness .. Did I follow the right one ?? It doesn’t make a difference .. Inside there’s a substance .. Fuel for my penance .. The whole world is looking back .. But can I make a difference ?? There's a few people spinning gold .. Some just try to save their soul .. But I wonder what to do .. 
\is that your lucky r2 in your pocket ? \ " \ " nope ! my penis ! \"" 
naked lovers , feel the blood beneath their veins .. electric nerves communicate with < PROPFEMALE > explosions through our brains .. what is this energy that never left or came ?? give rise to passion , the only < PROPFEMALE > of this human story .. 
time is never time at all .. we can never ever leave , without leaving a piece of youth .. and our lives are forever changed , we will never be the same .. the more you change , the less you'll fear .. 
nature knows that .. i want you , but .. not unless you want me too .. 
our fear of a free mind .. is hearing ya spirit can die anytime .. ya need to cry .. so you hide it deep inside .. reason why ?? how can you change what was written ?? Easy ! don't focus your brain on what they mention .. i've got so use to tryin ' to make do .. i feel like i'm cheatin ' when i'm faced with a break thru .. 
So bad .. So good that i'm so bad .. Guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had .. Cause you ain't never met nobody like me .. And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again .. 
said all i need to .. and u don't understand still .. wish u saw , \ 
picture in my mind .. eyes are deep .. and they're cynical .. one , taken \ 
four more .. kills the pain in me that's sore .. i've taken what's left .. i \ 
took it all .. and now u won't .. let me forget .. now that the world waits \ 
around .. but i keep slippin and losin ground .. do i not try , so hard , \ 
so good .. i can't keep changin just because u think i should .. 
Another turning point , a fork stuck in the road .. Time grabs you by the wrist , directs you where to go .. So make the best of this test , and don't ask why .. It's not a question , but a lesson learned in time .. It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right .. 
you might call us country , but we's only southern !!!!!!!!!! 
If you asked me whats on my mind you probably won’t believe it .. Cause if life was one big pool I’d be in the deep end .. So I play my role and never ever speak it .. Like a secret .. And all the while you just just to figure me out .. But you can’t see past my shades .. 
Well ask me a question , I tell you no lies .. Cause theres nothing to hide , my souls in my eyes .. And Im ahead of my time , but I cannot rewind .. The only thing I fear is the mirror in my bathroom .. People look and try to see a disguise .. But there is nothing that nobody can’t see in the light .. If its a song with a rhyme or a verse with a line .. Then you understand my mind .. But you can’t see past my shades .. 
sing for the moment .. try to squeeze it and hold it .. freeze it and own it .. cause we consider these minutes < PROPFEMALE > .. 
If only u knew what was on my mind/ You’d see a whole different side/ I couldn’t show u even if I tried/ I must of got lost in time/ When I found out I was only free to be/ Where ever I wanna to be/ Some say Im out of site/ How ironic that were all so blind/ If u could open up ur eyes/ You could see what I couldn’t describe/ And then you’d see the signs/ And then ur soul would be set free/ And then you’d be released/ 
Tell me where am I suppose to go ?? And who am I suppose to believe ?? If only you knew what I knew .. Then you could see just what I see .. So I grab my bags and go .. As far away as I can go .. Cause everything aint what I use to know .. And I try to hide , but I just cant hide no more .. There’s nothing worse than feeling like a ghost .. 
they say , \freak ! \ " when you're singled out .. " 
We gone .. we out it .. no , we \ 
don't need rockets .. We hop up on the mothership .. and we gone .. we \ 
slidin ' .. We slippin ' thru dimensions .. we hyperspace glidin ' .. Blastin'\ 
through the atmosphere .. Frightenin ' the lightenin ' .. I know I'm \ 
out my mind girl , but you know you like it .. So hop up on my cosmic \ 
highway so we can ride it .. . 
just then , my knees give under me . My head feels weak and suddenly . it's clear to see it's not them but me , who has lost my self . i dare not see . while I hide behind these books I read , while scribbling my poetry , like < PROPMALE > could save a wretch like me . with some ideal ideology that no one could hope to achieve . And I am never real ; it is just a sketch in me . 
my heart's so heavy , i can barely stand to lift it .. 
Last time I talked to u .. u were lonely and out of place .. u were looking down on me .. Lost out in space .. Lying underneath the stars .. Strung out and feeling great .. Watch the red orange glow .. Watch it float away .. Down here in the atmosphere .. Garbage and city lights .. You're gonna save my tired soul .. You’re gonna save our lives .. 
There's another world inside of me that you may never see .. There's secrets in this life that I can't hide .. I'm roaming through this darkness , there's a light that I can't find .. Maybe it's too far away or maybe I'm just blind .. Everything I am and everything in me .. Is possibly the one you wanted me to be .. I'll never let you down , even if I could .. I'd give up everything if only for your good .. 
Violence is spread world wide and there are families on the street .. \ 
And we sell drugs to children now , oh why can't we just see .. \ 
That all we do is eliminate our future with the things we do today .. \ 
Money is our incentive now so that makes it okay .. \ 
\ 
But I believe that love is the answer .. \ 
I believe that love will find the way .. 
Operatin ' under the crooked American system too long . An OutKast is someone who is not considered to be part of the normal world . He is looked at differently . He is not accepted because of his clothes , his hair , his occupation , his beliefs or his skin color . Now look at yourself , are you an OutKast ? I know I am ! As a matter of fact , fuck being anything else ! It's only so much time left in this crazy world . 
it's just one of those days , when you don't wanna wake up .. everything is fucked .. everybody sucks .. you don't really know why .. but you wanna justify .. ripping someone's head off .. no human contact .. and if you interact .. your life is on contract .. your best bet is to stay away motherfucker .. it's just one of those days .. 
nothing like tossin ' a round of pies , 3 < PROPFEMALE > before ya close , to really piss ya off !! 
Is anybody out\ 
there ?? It feels like I’m talkin to myself .. No one seems to know my struggle .. And everything I come from .. Can anybody hear me ?? It guess\ 
I keep talkin to myself .. It feels like I’m going insane .. Am I the one\ 
whose crazy ?? 
What you think , I'm doing this for me , so fuck the world .. Feed it beans , it's gassed up , if ya think it's stopping me .. I'mma be what I set out to be , without a doubt , undoubtedly .. And all those who look down on me , I'm tearing down your balcony .. No if , ands , or buts ; don't try to ask him why or how can he .. 
feelin ' good , feelin ' great .. feelin ' great , feelin ' good .. how are you ?? 
the way that I feel , I'm strong enough .. to go to the club .. Or the corner pub .. and lift the whole liquor counter up .. Cause I'm raising the bar .. I shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > .. But I'm too busy gazing at stars .. I feel amazing and i'm not afraid .. 
You motherfuckers can never do it like I can do it .. Don't even try it , you'll look stupid , do not pursue it .. Don't ever run your life trying to knock the truest .. 
Man I'm a cold soul .. I roll solo .. so don't compare .. Me to these other bums over there .. It's like apples to oranges , peaches to plums , yeah .. I'm bananas , pussy , cut off the grapes and grow a pair .. But I swear .. you try to diss me I'll slaughter you .. 
i'm a little bit country and a little bit rock n ' roll .. i'm a little bit hip hop and a whole lotta soul .. 
There is a war going on for your mind .. If you are thinking , you are winning .. Resistance is victory .. Defeat is impossible .. Your weapons are already in hand .. Reach within you and find the means by which to gain your freedom .. 
my dad would've been 51 today .. happy birthday man .. love you .. 
we gain alot of ground , cause we both give a little .. ain't no road too long when we meet in the middle .. 
i'm not like anything you know or anything you've seen .. not anything in existence or anything that will be .. 
the truth will enlighten the mind , but may not always bring happiness to your heart .. 
damn it feels good to be a gangsta !!! 
God\ 
just help me out while I fight through this grievin’ process .. Tryna\ 
process these losses is makin’ me nauseous .. But this depression\ 
ain’ttakin me hostage .. I’ve been patiently watchin’ .. this game , \ 
pacin’ these hallways .. You both had faith in me always .. 
i just can't keep livin this way , so starting today .. i'm breakin out of this cage .. i'm standin up , imma face my demons .. i'm mannin ' up , imma hold my ground .. i've had enough .. now i'm so fed up .. time to put my life back together right now !! 
Two\ 
people touching lips .. Hands on each other's hips .. Nothing else in the\ 
world but one another .. The 42nd floor .. On a distant shore .. I wonder\ 
how we've strayed so far from this ?? Remember when we were .. Just flesh\ 
and bone ?? You sir , may have forgotten how good your world can be .. \ 
So , put down your hollow tips .. and kiss your lovers lips .. And know that fate is what you make of it .. 
it's a magnificent day in the gorge .. absolutely beautiful outside .. if you're not here , then it sucks to be you cause it's awesome here !! 
if i were your appendages , i'd hold open your eyes so that you could see that all of us are heaven sent .. 
i will sail my vessel till the river runs dry .. like a bird upon the wind .. these waters are my sky .. i'll never reach my destination if i never try , so i will sail my vessel till the river runs dry .. sure there's bound to be rough waters and i know i'll takes some falls , but with me as the captain .. i'll make it thru them all !! 
time will pass , memories will fade .. into ashes ; we will return one day .. so smile while you can and enjoy this escapade .. be good to those you know in every way .. cause the energy you emit can never be erased .. 
Everybody come take my hand .. We'll walk this road together , through the storm .. Whatever weather , cold or warm .. Just lettin you know that you're not alone .. Holla if you feel that you've been down the same road .. Yeah , It's been a ride .. I guess I had to go to that place to get to this one .. Now some of you might still be in that place .. If you're trying to get out , just follow me .. I'll get you there .. 
i don't want to be misunderstood .. i've got to take this < PROPMALE > and make it into something good .. some people say that i'm not worth it .. i've made mistakes , but nobody's perfect .. guess i'll give it a try .. 
We need a record of our failures .. Yes , we must document our love .. I've sat too long in my silence .. I've grown too old in my pain .. So , shed this skin .. Be born again .. It starts with an ending .. So thank you friends for the time we shared .. My love stays with you like sunlight and air .. No , I truly wish I could keep hanging around here .. My joy is covering me .. Soon I will disappear .. 
At first she's gonna come on strong .. Like she'll love you all night long .. Like it's going out of style .. Then she'll leave you with a smile .. Well you can't help but wonder .. Why you can't help but love her .. But you can't help but love her .. And all that hurtin ' was more than worth it .. It's written all over your face .. 
ya'lls grind and my grind ain't the same dawg .. i'm the catalog ; you the same song .. 
friends and relatives welcome with joy a loved one returning from abroad after a long absence .. in exactly the same way , will the fruits of right action welcome the doer as he travels from one life to the next .. 
only those with the < PROPFEMALE > to do the simple things perfectly , aquire the skill necessary to do difficult things easily .. 
animosity does not eradicate animosity . only by loving kindness is animosity dissolved . this law is ancient and eternal . there are those who are aware that they are always facing death . knowing this , they put aside all quarrels . 
Human heart is meant to crush .. Father time looks over us .. You'll miss it all if you rush .. \ 
Did you listen to the doors ?? It waits around without a sound .. To gather us , so listen up .. It's easy to retreat than to face yourself .. And let things fall in place .. There's no words to describe the way I feel today .. But I still feel okay .. 
thanks to all the exceptionally great people that wished me a happy birthday !!! ya'll are awesome !! 
These are my people .. This is where I come from .. We're givin ' this life everything we got and then some .. It ain't always pretty .. but it's real !! It's the way we were made .. Wouldn't have it any other way .. These Are My People .. 
You've got to stand for something or you'll fall for anything .. You've got to be your own man not a puppet on a string .. Never compromise what's right and uphold your family name .. You've got to stand for something or you'll fall for anything .. 
Well I was raised up beneath the shade of a < PROPFEMALE > pine .. \ 
And that's home you know .. Sweet tea , pecan pie and homemade wine .. \ 
Where the peaches grow .. In my house there's not much to talk about .. \ 
But it's filled with love that`s grown in southern ground .. \ 
And a little bit of chicken fried .. 
what the hell was that ? it's time for richt and his sorry ass conservative play calling to get the fuck out of athens ! 
he's climbin in your windows .. he's snatchin yo people up .. tryin to rape'em .. so you need to hide ya kids .. hide ya wife .. hide ya kids .. hide ya wife .. hide ya kids .. hide ya wife .. and hide ya husband , cause they rapin ' er'body out here .. 
Dirty Words .. Dirty Birds .. It's mean in the dirty south .. If you ever disrespect it .. and we'll clean out your dirty mouth .. Bulldawgs is clockin .. These look out boys is hawkin .. You gotta be brave in the state of ... < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . the world is kick ass ! awesome movie ! plus my man reps the pumpkins on 3 different occasions .. that's what's up ! 
not all treasure is silver and gold , mate .. 
So damn easy to say that life’s so hard .. Everybody’s got their share of battle scars .. As for me I’d like to thank my lucky stars .. I’m alive , and well .. It’d be easy to add up all the pain .. And all the dreams u sat and watched go up in flames .. Dwell on the wreckage as it smolders in the rain .. But not me , I’m alive .. And today u know that’s good enough for me .. Breathin ' in and out's a blessin ' can’t you see ?? 
Slay those sayin’ they can break you .. So when I take a break .. I go ape .. Come back and play fool .. When they think they won , that’s when I crush them .. Change is eminent .. see I evolve , so it’s nothing .. 
Life's not the breath you take .. The breathin ' in and out .. That gets you through the day .. Ain't what it's all about .. You just might miss the point .. Tryin ' to win the race .. Life's not the breaths you take .. But the moments that take your breath away .. 
is in ga for the night and wants to do something , but has no idea what's going on .. 
is very lucky man !! i have a particularly wonderful family and i'm grateful for each and everyone of them .. this is what life is supposed to be like .. :-) 
my phone just exploded .. so i don't have anyones # anymore .. ya'll send me your phone < PROPFIRST > !!! er'body!! 
is mourning the loss of legendary funny man , < PROPFIRST > Nielson .. it's a sad day people .. :-( 
well , ask me a question .. i'll tell you no lies , cause there's nothing to hide .. my souls in my eyes .. and i'm ahead of my time , but i can not rewind .. the only thing i fear is the mirror in my bathroom .. people look and try to see a disguise .. but there is nothing that nobody can't see in light .. if it's a song with a ryhme or a verse with a line , then you understand my mind .. 
oh , life can be strange .. good and bad in so many ways , but in time you will find that things aren't all ways what they seem .. i've got something to say , but you might laugh , joke or run away .. coz i'm awkward and nervous .. sometimes i don't say much at all .. 
girl , i'm eons and eons beyond these peons .. another human like me , there will never be one .. the planet that i'm from , i can't even speak on .. the stars is what i sleep on .. the < PROPFEMALE > i put my feet on .. the way my < PROPFEMALE > glows , you swear i'm made of neon .. cooler than the freon that's in ya dodge neon .. they say the future's now , to me it hasn't begun .. stay tuned to me and there will never be a re-run .. 
\i think you're constipated in your fucking soul .. i think you have a big load of grumpy petrified poop up your soul's ass .. \"" 
I can go out every night of the week .. Can go home with anybody I meet .. But it's just a temporary high , ' cause when I close my eyes .. I'm somewhere with you , somewhere with you .. If you see me out on the town .. And it looks like I'm burning it down .. You won't ask and I won't say .. But in my heart I'm always .. somewhere with you .. 
I'm about whatever man .. F-ck what they be talking about .. They opinon doesn't count .. We the only thing that matters .. So we do it how we do it .. All up in your face , man , I hate to put you through it .. I be up all night .. Whole crews in here .. Cause I don't really know who I'mma lose this year .. Man I love my team .. Man I love my team .. I would die for these n-ggas .. ALL !! 
life's a piece of shit , when you look at it .. life's a laugh and death's a joke , it's true .. you'll see its all a show , keep'em laughing as you go .. just remember that the last laugh is on you .. and always look on the bright side of life .. ( i mean , what've you got to lose ? you come from nothing- you're going back to nothing .. so what have you got to lose ... nothing ! ) 
#2715 .. to be honest i don't really know you very well .. i mean , we've never < PROPMALE > out before .. we graduated together and i believe we even had some of the same classes .. seem cool enough tho .. 
ska-doosh ....... 
the past is history .. the future a mystery .. but today is gift .. that's why it's called the present .. it took billions of years and trillions of lives , so that you could have this friday right here .. so honor your ancestors and give love to anyone you come in contact with .. be thankful for everything and everyone you got ; forget about what you don't .. it's merely a < PROPFEMALE > anyway .. 
the value of moving slowly is that one can always see the way ahead .. 
it is not our abilities that show what we truly are , but our choices .. 
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas !!! :-) 
WOW !! i wish you guys could see what i see !! it's really something beyond words .. 
god I love dudes ! Really ! hot dudes ! 
that was my fault for leaving my < PROPFEMALE > open .. hahahaha .. we all know < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s donkey raping shit eater .. 
Right on to the REAL and death to the fake .. 
One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive . No matter who you are or what your position is , you must keep fighting for whatever it is you < PROPFEMALE > to achieve . 
when they push you down , you got to get back up .. Push the dirt off your jersey , then go for the cup .. or the trophy or the ring .. champion no matter what .. cause when you got the belt and the ring .. people with ya poppin bottles , taking pictures look around .. as soon as you fall down , all the haters pass a judgement .. surprise , i'm here to show that I'mma rise above this .. 
hello , out there .. can u hear me ?? u gotta get u , u gotta believe in me .. I accept full responsibilty for the all the wrong I've done .. If y'all thought I were perfect .. I apologise for being human man .. but never again partner .. u can put my life on that .. And u can love me , or u can leave me .. before u judge me , just let me be me .. and u can love me or either leave me .. before u judge me , see life aint easy .. 
gator needs his gat back you punk ass bitch ! 
it brings me great pleasure to welcome the real and banish the fake .. 
Well my car is stuck in about 6 to 8 in of snow and i can't get to work .. this is bananas !!! i think it has more to do with the quality of my tires tho .. plus it hasn't stopped Snowing since christmas < PROPFEMALE > .. sooooo ... 
Don't let the world bring you down .. Not everyone here is that fucked up and cold .. Remember why you came and while you're alive .. experience the warmth before you grow old .. 
my real friends never hearin’ from me .. Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me .. That’s why I pick and choose , I don’t get shit confused .. I got a small circle , I’m not with different crews .. We walk the same path , but got on different shoes .. Live in the same building , but we got different views .. 
the gorge is \burr-ied\ " in snow ! and it's cold too ! lol .. i crack me up .. :-} " 
Now tell me how you love it !! You know you at the top and only heaven’s right above it .. We onnnn .. ‘Cause we onnnn .. 
this i feel as the < PROPFEMALE > it fades to grey .. 
if you ain't runnin ' with it , run from it motherfucka .. alright ?? 
i have found , all that shimmers in this world is sure to fade .. away .. 
You must never give into despair .. Allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts .. In the darkest times , hope is something you give yourself .. That is the true meaning of inner strength .. 
Car-less , woman-less , money-less and now job-less .. GO TEAM < PROPMALE > ! lol .. 
I wish that i knew what i know now , when i was younger .. oh ! and that , they all could be california girls .. but not really , i don't actually have a prefrence as to where you come from .. 
Life happens wherever you are , whether you make it or not .. 
A true mind can weather all the lies and illusions without being lost .. a true heart can tough the poison of hatred without being harmed .. since beginning-less time darkness thrives in the void , but always yields to purified light .. 
No , you can't always get what you want .. but if ya try sometimes ya just might find .. ya get what ya need !! aww yea ! ya get what ya need .. 
Oh , you cut out the middleman .. you got no time for the messenger .. got no respect for the thing , that you don't understand .. you got no fear of the underdog .. that's why you will not survive .. 
another day in this life of apes with ego trips .. 
Just recognize it all as light and rainbows , smashed to smithereens , and be happy ! 
Now , now , now , let me clear my throat ! 
is in the lincolnton - < PROPFEMALE > area .. to anyone and everyone .. holla at me ! hit me up ! lookin to < PROPFEMALE > out and get into something .. 
give me your love , it's all i need .. give me your touch , and set me free .. 
We all want to hold in the everlasting gaze .. enchanted in the rapture of his sentimental sway .. but underneath the wheels lies the souls of every c.o.g. , the fickle facination of an everlasting god .. ya know i'm not dead .. i'm just livin in my head .. 
So let the sadness come again .. On that you can depend on me , yeah .. Until the bitter , bitter end of the world , yeah .. When god sleeps in bliss .. I'm all by myself .. As I've always felt .. And I'll betray myself .. To anyone .. 
If you're hurt .. Why don't you tell someone .. Don't feel bad .. You're not the only one , yeah .. Don't go hiding .. Hiding , in the shade .. Don't go hiding .. Hiding , in the shade .. 
My friends just can't understand this new me .. It's understandable man , but just think how bananas you'd be .. You'd be an animal too .. if you were trapped in this pain and caged in it , like a zoo .. And everybody's lookin ' at you .. what you want me to do ?? I'm startin ' to live like a recluse and the truth is , pain startin ' to give me an excuse , to be at a all time low .. 
