had a good couple days =) 

is going to go yell at sprint people ... again they better give me a new phone this time or im going to be more than a little mad 
has two finals tomorrow :/ 
only one more final then im home free yay !!!! 
got put in a triple ... i wants to trade :( 
is going to make up biochemistry tomorrow considering the fact that i have yet to start studying .... 
is done with finals yay !!! 
is sleeping in tomorrow and spending the whole day with < PROPMALE > <3 
is graduating high school tomorrow ... im getting old lol 
is graduating today =) yay no more high school 
is a graduate and had so much fun at project graduation that i lost my voice from laughing ... thats a new one 
is sick on the first day of summer :/ 
just saw the propsal with < PROPFIRST > after drinking monster it was funny 
misses < PROPMALE > and wishes < PROPFIRST > would not have the flu :( 
has a horrible really bad cold and pink eye what a combo . everything hurts :( ... why am i always sick ? 
prob has caught lindsays lovely flu and pink eye ... it feels my ear is exploding but it is still attached to my face :/ why am i always sick ??? 
finally gets to go meet < PROPFIRST > at ritas yay and my rooms offically changed so double yay !!! 
thinks cell phone batteries should last longer :( 
just got back from the most epic battle around lake mohawk ever . lmao :) 
gets to go to a bbq and see fireworks with < PROPMALE > tomorrow :) 
is 4th of july fun :) 
had a really fun time today and is all happy and hyper :D 
' s head hurts :( 
just got back from mountain creek after almost being attacked by a snake !! 
lakehouse today with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > woot =) 
just had an awesome 38 hours :) 
' s mind is all jumbled . i kinda want to go to the beach really bad 
needs to get out of the house and clear her head 
needs to get out of the house and clear her head people need to be around ... maybe ill just lay under the stars for a while once it gets dark 
really wants to lay in the sand and smell the waves they always make me happy again no matter what 
is doing much better now :) 
is going to the doctor today for her mouth which could hurt from her ear ... its just cuz the stars are aligned weird and everything is out to get me until they go back to normal :( 
is all confused . what is wrong with my face ??? it just hurts for no good reason that the doctor found today ... off to a specialist ... MAKE IT STOP !!! 
might have lyme and they put me on some meds that make me feel like death ... fantastic :( 
really wants to go to the beach :) 
is going to have a fun week :) 
is going into the city today =) 
would like to know why my brother is such a weirdo ... 
tomorrow will be an interesting day :/ 
is wondering where the hell summer went its already almost august darn :/ 
is really bored :/ 
just finished reading her summer reading book for college thank god the reading part is over . now i have to write a paper but first a well deserved break including actual food and movie and maybe mindless videogames 
is going to point pleasant tomorrow with the family . this should be fun 
apparently isnt going to the beach tomorrow but im going saturday when it isnt supposed to rain . that would make the beach more enjoyable :) 
apparently isnt going to the beach tomorrow but im going saturday when it isnt supposed to rain . that would make the beach more enjoyable :) and in case people want to laugh my brother who smells like garbage just fell down some stairs lol 
really hates the pile of boxes and suitcases in her room along with the empty drawers that are being filled by my sisters who are taking over my room the second i leave :( 
lovess < PROPFIRST > 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is amazing 
is going to mountain creek tomorrow with my family , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > yay :) 
has a very interesting mix of emotions 
is really glad that she isn't home tonight and finds her parents a < PROPMALE > ridiculous 
is not looking forward to tomorrow 
is really sad and needs some cheering up something awful 
is going to the store for a bit for college things 
' s day just went downhill 
kinda wishes she had a shoulder to cry on right about now :/ 
leaves for college in 24hours :/ 
leaves for college in 22 hours and is so nervous :/ 
is off to college and misses < PROPMALE > 
is leaving for college well it was supposed to be an hour ago but yeah ... doesnt help teh nerves to be behind and have to rush to move in and i miss < PROPMALE > insane amounts . i love you baby <3 
is having a realy bad day . one problem after another because the school hasnt been paid yet :/ they dont need anymore money anyway 
is soaked and cold :( 
is soaked , cold and misses < PROPMALE > already :( 
has had a pretty bad day :/ i just washed my pants in the sink and tackling the lovely mountain of homework before it gets too big :/ 
is doing her mountain of homework at college and my family is on vacation :/ 
is doing chem homework what treat 
likes the idea of sunday chinese food night :) 
has to go to chem lecture and math today and misses < PROPMALE > lots 
is done with classes for the day :) tomorrow is going to be hell though ... 3hour chem lab then chem discussion right after then calc for an hour and fifteen minutes :( not fun 
has decided that ithaca is getting a bit too cold a bit too early . and i miss < PROPMALE > lots 13days <3 
is loved lots by < PROPMALE > :) 
7 hours !!!! 
is sick :/ 
has had the worst thursday of all time ... 
just got back from the gym and is now doing her massive pile of chemistry and math homework 
is coming home to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow :) most fantastic bf ever :) love you lots 
is home :) 
movie marathon and popcorn yum :) 
is getting ready for thanksgiving :) 
has nothing to do ... monster later YES !!! 
just finished my last prelim yay ! 
????????????????????????????????????? 
wishes that I had a rechargeable freakin camera . I miss the one back home :/ 
will be crying for a while ... 
is shaking for no apparent reason and feels like chemistry just just enter my brain through osmosis cuz i cant remember shit ... 
is her giving her life away to chemistry with J.M. < PROPFEMALE > for the time being 
' s brain has melted 
finally taking a little break ... gonna eat soon with < PROPFEMALE > Shao 
' s tummy hurts 
is jumping up and now and get impatient 
< PROPMALE > IS HERE !!! and we have < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s :) 
home 
has decided burying bodies in the frozen tundra is difficult 
i have a skating rink in front of my house AWESOME !!! 
' s agedna for today and tomorrow : watch a movie , bake cookies , go sledding , build a snowman , have a snow ball fight , go ice skating in my front yard , make hot choloate and curl up under a blanket . =) 
dear clouds i would like some better snow that can be made in snowballs and snowmen ... thank you 
isnt feeling so fantastic right now 
gets to see < PROPMALE > in the morning :) 
feels awful :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) 
just spent the entire day acting like a small child 
is going to the hospital bright and early for some lovely tests ... yipee ! 
is not feeling so hot right now but I gets to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow =) 
wishes i was back in the sunshine ... 
monster is amazing ... doctor tomorrow then god food .... be jealous be very jealous oh and ians coming , hes lucky 
would like to get out of the house and do something exciting 
is having a bad day again =( my stomach must really hate me and i dont get to see < PROPMALE > for two days 
just made colored sugar cookies in odd shapes with kaitlyn ... sooo yummy :) 
really wants these next couple of days to last for a very long time 
no one else else has done this to me ... we could sail away for ever more 
Anyone have a stat , microbiology , or dsoc book ??? please ??? 
Anyone have a stat , microbiology , or dsoc book ??? please ?? 
is all sad that < PROPMALE > is at school now 
is going back to school tomorrow and really doesnt want to yet =( where did the break go =( 
this morning i eat a paffle now i own one and hes so cute =) 
Everyone pray for paffle 
s super tired from classes today and is not excited to be back at all now . 9-3 sucks on mondays and i watched paffle die :( RIP Paffle 
has freaking homework already . 18 credits may not be as easy as i thought 
had a dream about killing pet fish last night ... poor paffle 
is not feeling so hot today and has discovered flight :/ 
one and a half asians 
:( 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? cement ? mixer ? 
is feeling uber sick :( again :( 
still feeling like shit and wants so like real food instead of the cherrios in my room :( 
still feels icky 
sick and bored :( 
sick still and has a lot of work all the time 
is in a very good mood right now :) 
well good moods dont last forever 
lets make rainbows 
had a horrible day walking through the slushy snow . It wasnt helpful that a bus hit some slush while i was walking next to it .... 
another bad day :( 
is the best girlfriend in the world :) ( written by < PROPMALE > ) 
has had a very long frustrating day ... again 
is currently too tired to function ... i got 9hours of sleep wtf :/ 
just had to sprint to baker in under 3 < PROPFEMALE > to turn in my hw before 2pm . it still hurts to breathe :/ 
and J.M. < PROPFEMALE > are constructing a robot for ians arrival :) 
was greeted by professor usher the first day by him saying \welcome to hell\ " and i'm really hoping tomorrows prelim does not take me to the firey underworld . At least i have cheesecake " 
doesn't like her stomach right now . At least tomorrow is supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > . 
is super super thirsty 
spring break in two more days thank god 
HOME TOMORROW !!!! 
home in less than 24 hours :) 
leaving ithaca in less than 17 hours ... the countdown begins 
has joined a cult that worships wimpish cucumbers 
can't shake the mental image of irrelevant cavities 
just doesn't get glabrous donkeys 
gets aroused by Teflon quadrupeds 
one more class then ice cream with SPRINKLES ... THEN HOME !!! 
is home !!! 
is back at < PROPMALE > ... 
hopes tomorrow goes well . 
loves the warm :) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
would love to know who decorated her door so amazingly :) thank you :) 
Thank you J.M. < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Briggs and < PROPFIRST > Aberegg for the wonderful decorations :) Love you guys :) 
< PROPMALE > has just sent me awesome flowers cuz im all important and special ( not in a bad way ) :) 
loves getting out of an hour and 15min class an hour early :) awesome . chem is going to be awful though ... a smoothie awaits me when im done though 
AGGGGG PRELIM :/ 
hates student center ! 
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything ??? 
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything ??? IF ANYONE IS TAKING MICROBIOLOGY OR DSOC 1101 I HAVE THE BOOKS :) 
shoulder randomly hurts to move it or lift anything ??? IF ANYONE IS TAKING MICROBIOLOGY OR DSOC 1101 or < PROPFEMALE > STATS I HAVE THE BOOKS :) 
it hurts to move my arm .... 
just made the most delicious slightly undercooked cookies ever :D 
the chem prelim grade made going to english a bit better today 
is not feeling so great 
is debating going out in the rain for a cookie ... 
SNOW REALLY !?! 
22 days and counting ... 
no more warm ooey gooey cookies downstairs for me to eat :'( 
bored out of my mind . totally don't want to study/do work right now 
Dear retarded stomach , please stop hurting so I can sleep and not feel sick all the time . thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
dear .... - arm please stop twitching all the time - stomach stop hurting and making me feel like im going to explode all the time or like i can't walk places and other stuff its getting old -leg i dont want you to be in pain all the time it bothers me - throat why do you feel like you are closing up a < PROPMALE > thats not very good . thanks At least there is canada :) 
is having a lovely conversation with < PROPMALE > and my mother with me and < PROPMALE > logged onto my facebook at the same time .... talk about confusing 
16 days <3 
1 class , 4 finals , 1 ten < PROPFEMALE > paper , and 14 days to go 
nothing is worse than a loud carnival outside your window when you have a killer headache :/ 
4 finals , 1 paper and 12 days to go 
going a little stir crazy in my room ... hate finals :/ 
is feeling a < PROPMALE > sick from all of those insanely delicious undercooked cookies today 
if anyone wants dsoc , microbio , < PROPFEMALE > stat or chem books let me know before I try to sell them back 
if anyone wants dsoc , ns1150 or chem books let me know before I try to sell them back 
studying puts me in such an awful mood 
would like to just curl up into a ball ... finals are killing me 
is going home in a week 
one week and three exams to go 
is going crazy :/ 
141 hours til I leave 
135 hours til i leave 
122 hours 
103 
99 
97 
95 
79 
70 
58 
2 days and 1 hour and 1 more final from summer =D 
1 day and 9 hours and 1 more final from summer =D 
1 day and 4 hours and 1 more final from summer =D 
is leaving in 24 hours after my stat final 
has an exam from 2-5 and then leaving at 630 =D 
Home =D 
cant wait to leave her dysfunctional family for the day tomorrow 
would like to go back to school now 
had a lovely time in Canada and came back to discover she passed all her classes =) 
on my way to the er ... fun memorial day 
looking for summer work ideas ... any suggestions for places hiring ? 
needs something to do wed and thurs any ideas ? 
beach next week YAY ! 
wants to do something exciting ... 
would not like to sit home everyday anymore im going stir crazy here 
had a pretty good night with < PROPFEMALE > Gartside today and i would like to just point out yesterday I climbed a small mountain in flip flops while carrying a tree . 
only a few weeks left in sparta 
im going to the shore =D 
' s stomach is about to pop from all the food at < PROPFEMALE > garden but at least Im < PROPMALE > than i was before 
is going to learn how to make biscotti today yay 
should have a new baby cousin today =) 
saw a fish with no eyes today ... 
going to see little cousin < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . not even in the world a day and we already bought her a lederhosen or as close as we could find lmao 
bored out of my mind :( 
just held little gretta ... now time for birthday cake 
is still super happy but I feel super weird cuz inception blew my mind ... 4 hours later I still don't feel right . 
six flags tomorrow =) 
just went 128mph in 3.5 seconds ... 
is already packing for school ... 
is has most of my packing done for school ... so weird going back . Where did the summer go ?!? 
leaves in a week ... 
sees fluffy pink elephants when she closes her eyes ... haha memories 
had a fun time this weekend watching < PROPMALE > Myre have more fun on the playground than a five year old 
is leaving for florida on friday and then leaving right for school . 
will be in the sunshine state in 36 hours 
on the road for fl be there in about 20 hours . text me =) 
just went on < PROPMALE > potter seven times 
maddi is an intergalatic slut 
in disney with school only five days away 
last full day in disney tomorrow 
leaving fl today for jersey . 
school tomorrow 
leaving early tomorrow for < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > bound ! 
here come visit me bethe 422c 
had a really rough night :( 
anyone want to trade a single in < PROPMALE > bethe for another single ? 
physics is already consuming my life ... 
12 hours in the past two days have been devoted to physics and i'm not even halfway through chapter two ... 
anyone wanna do something fun this weekend ? 
just got back from concerting with Julie :) 
is not looking forward to my lab tomorrow :( 
anyone want to gorge jump at some point ? 
orgo lab tomorrow ahhhhhh :/ 
bad day :( 
physics quiz today unit 1 wish me luck . hopefully i wont need a retake already 
is hoping today will be better 
doesn't know what to do ... 
just got the floor ripped out from under me . where do i go from here 
Has the best mommy :) 
lobster racing , bbq , and shopping before school . should have broke up with him sooner lol 
is kinda sick of getting messed with . the next guy that says he wants to marry me and will love me forever better mean it . 
4 labs in under two hours ... impressive :) 
has make-up orgo lab tomorrow morning at 8 :( 
had a rough night 
thinking about studying in england or australia next spring anyone want to go with me ? 
not having a good day ... 
lets hope today is better . 
foam party was AWESOME !!! 
thinking of adding an easy course to kill some time any suggestions ? 
I trusted you , you were the firstThen you lied and it get's worseYou broke me downNow just look aroundWho's all alone ? Who's all alone now ? \ 
I'm sick and tired of the mess you made meNever gonna catch me cryOh whoa whoaYou must be blind if you can't seeYou'll miss me til the day you die 
never be with someone that dulls your shine 
would like to know if there are any nice guys out there that arent gay or taken 
well today has kinda sucked this weekend will hopefully make up for that :) 
IS GOING TO MAUI OVER WINTER BREAK :) 
is really sick :/ 
feels like death what a wonderful way to wake up two mornings in a row . 
in 5 hours orgo will be over and i will be enjoying a movie and popcorn :) 
would like to do something very fun this weekend please 
LIVE TV ON MY PHONE !!!!!!! 
Anyone have a tv or know of lounge watching greys tonight ? 
my latest email \I want my penis sucked . Will you be here tonight ? \"" 
feeling a little overwhelmed ... 
is excited for later :) 
is out with my twin < PROPFEMALE > Drummond on this fine saturday night to have some fun :) 
is bored :/ 
london or australia for abroad ... cant decide :/ 
it takes skill to lock yourself out of your room in a bath robe :/ fml 
my parents are letting me go ABROAD !!!!! 
went to the stacks for the first time today ... wondering why everyone finds that they should have sex there at some point during there < PROPMALE > journey 
has completed my new three panel masterpiece for my wall :) yay no more insane asylum white :) 
will be visiting the UK and Australia instead of Hawaii during winter break :) fantastic trade off !!! 
life is absolutely perfect right now :) SOOOO EXCITED for london and Australia :) 
is going to london , australia and now < PROPFEMALE > :) life is amazing :) 
Insanely happy even while ithaca has turned into a giant muddy river and im not feeling so great . 
looks like i will be taking that physics test again :( at least greys will be online soon 
mon objectif : je vais apprendre < PROPFEMALE > francais avant Je vais en < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Mon objectif : je vais apprendre < PROPFEMALE > francais avant d'al<PROPFEMALE>r en < PROPFEMALE > :) 
would like to do something exciting :) 
Meeting a famous cardiologist today 
tomorrow morning is going to be interesting ... 
surrounded by all the people that love and care about me ... i will get thru this day ad do what needs to be done 
enjoying my apple 
is going to feel like a chicken with its head cut off until i figure out what to do ... 
Take what you wantSteal my prideBuild me upOr cut me down to sizeShut me outBut I’ll just screamIm only one voice in a millionBut you aint taking that from me 
is wondering .... yes or no ? 
I'm the only one that's in command Cuz I'm the only one who understands , like I'm the only one who knows my heart , baby I'll tell you all my secrets that I'm keepin ' , you can come inside And when you enter , you ain't leavin ' 
well the past 24 hours have been awful 
cannot wait to get out of the us in december and january 
is taking a poll . for those that know what im talking about yes or no ? 
I like it on the giant table with all the TAs 
i like it throw up against the window 
when it all boils down at the end of the day its what you do and say that makes you who you are . 
knows what i want to do the question is am i too afraid to do it 
you forgive to free yourself , and you demand justice because the world deserves it 
oh tonight shall be fun 
skype with < PROPFIRST > Dalcourt then < PROPFEMALE > garden :) ordering my droid today :) then shopping and bowling tomorrow and maybe corn mazing it up !!! 
all or nothing ... you know me i have to go for all . 
leaving for ithaca in an hour :) 
back at Cornell ... so tired from the drive from hell ... 
deep breathes ... 
tonight is going to be full of shenanigans :) 
Anyone want to go out with me tonight ? 
o my night was amazing :) 
let a night of adventures begin ... 
can't wait for the bestie to visit me :) 
pulling my own hair out ... 
wooooo 
cant escape orgo for more than 12 hours ... not cool 
Shadowing a doctor this summer :) 
6 hours of physics later my brain hurts and only one thing will make it better :) 
my fish looks bored ... Id buy him a mate but all he'll do is eat it :( 
\Like\ " my status and I'll tell you : 1 . something I've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . the color you remind me of . 3 . my first memory of you . 4 . the animal you remind me of . 5 . ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . my favorite thing about you . 7 . give you a weird nickname . 8 . what's on my shirt right now . 9 . challenge you to post this . ( " 
friday =D 
good end to a bad day :) 
last night was fun but now I have to figure out organic chemistry :( 
studying for physics is not exactly what I want to do today ... cant wait for thursday and friday and saturday and maybe sunday :) 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% of people will not post this as their status . Be one of the 3% who do post it , for at least an hour ; in honor of those who died because of cancer , and the ones still fighting it . ? 
wants to live a life that is unpredictable and exciting :) 
welcome back perfect scores ive missed you so :) 
Does anyone know a super easy human ecology I could take this semester ? 
has anyone taken photo ? how was it ? 
let the festivities begin :) 
lets end this awesome day right :) 
fantastic night :) 
yes i am a sailor and i like to be surrounded by seamen :) i love < PROPMALE > <3 
MY BESTEST FRIEND < PROPFIRST > Puccio IS VISITING IN MAY !!!!!!!! 
3 spots remaining in my car to travel back to the mystical land of sparta for thanksgiving anyone interested ? 
is a bone marrow donor :) make a difference , save a life 
waiting for someone to rock my world :) 
anyone need a ride back to north jersey for thanksgiving break ? 
theres no wiping this smile off my face :) 
all i want to do is trade this life for something new :) and thats what im doing :) 
oh thursday i love you <3 
wishes the next two weeks would just be over :/ 
oh thanksgiving please come quickly and save me from these exams :) 
phone please come already im going through some pretty serious withdrawal symptoms ... family is visiting today :) 
new phone has arrived :) 
relapse after two months of being perfectly fine :( 
Anyone interested in carpooling to north jersey for thanksgiving 
ride to north jersey for thanksgiving anyone ? 
trying to find the strength to not let this pain win , not to go to the hospital ... again and to ace these three prelims somehow magically 
is wondering if i have a better < PROPMALE > at learning orgo by putting it under my pillow as a sleep and hope it enters my brain thru osmosis ... 
after giving up on orgo last night and skyping < PROPFIRST > Puccio for three hours , I probably should attack the giant mountain of things to learn ... or watch tv . yeah tv's good 
finally understands the origin of thirsty thursday ... all the < PROPMALE > orgo students needed something after their awful exam ... 
orgo check :) 
needs to go out ... anyone know of anything at all ? 
Anyone need a ride back to north jersey for thanksgiving ?? 
Will be heading to a pajama rave tonight :) 
had the best dancing experience of my life :) fantastic saturday night :) 
Anyone need a ride back to jersey for thanksgiving ??? 
has had one of those where crying seems appropriate ... 
i could really go for a rave right now ... at least with everything that went wrong today i have no stupid ass boy drama to make it more complicated :) 
Ready for a night of wishing with < PROPMALE > and Zin :) 
one final and one 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper until freedom :) 
GOT AN A IN PHYSICS !! now to write that essay .... 
and let party week continue :) 
very fun weekend :) let it continue :) 
is going home tomorrow :) yay thanksgiving :) 
one class and a 3 hours drive away form home :) 
Jersey time :) 
came home greeted by a giant caramel apple and chinese food . 
cooking thanksgiving dinner for my family .... then shopping with mommy at 3am :) 
My brother has little people in a bag around his neck ... damn boyyyy 
Back out shopping didn't sleep much ... black Friday is intense 
laser tagging later !!! 
Let my sister pierce my ears today . Stay at two holes or get three ? 
Loves how my blonde lil sis thinks san fransisco is a state lmao 
would like to point out to rihanna that i had that bright red hair shes sporting like five years ago ... i started that trend lol 
randomly thinks a florida road trip with some buddies would be a great way to spend part of the summer :) 
my ears that my sis pierced are a little infected ... wonder why ... 
let the weekend begin :D 
bucking it up tonight hopefully :D 
has a black twin :) 
formal tonight :) this is going to be a kick ass study break !! 
after an awesome formal experience i just realized i A ) have little brain function to actually study organic chemistry and B ) it is in fact monday not the weekend 
3 < PROPMALE > now back to orgo until thursday ... sounds like a fun few days . freedom is so close 
Hmmm guess i'll conform ..... The # Game : send me a number ( 1-500 ) to my inbox and i'll tell you how i really feel about you w/out anyone knowing who im talking about on my status .. or ask me a question and ill respond w/ your # ! 
2 - first off you always have really awesome profile pictures just as an observation . second i dont know you fantastically well but you seem like a really fun person and i think we should < PROPFEMALE > more . 
64.5 - well i met you this year which was a little weird considering you lived in my town and i met you in college but anyways you have been a little MIA lately and youre really fun to < PROPFEMALE > around plus i have multiple stories for you . we need to get together soon ! o and we still need to hit up a party together girl !!! 
20- You are so sweet you are the only person on this campus that has offered to < PROPFEMALE > all of my very heavy bags right to my door . :) 
dancing off the excess energy i have :) 
would like to know where exactly any parties are on thursday night so after orgo i can enjoy myself :) 
was anyone able to get on blackboard to look at the practice orgo exam that could possibly make me a photocopy ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is awesome :) thanks for relieving some of that stress girl !! 
will be studying forever ... 
tomorrow night will hopefully make up for how awful orgo will be :D 
does not want to remember today .... 
would like to get my party on !!! where can i go ? 
Has restored light ... I'm god ! Hope that is reflected in my orgo grade 
would like to go out now ... 
i have successfully not studied for two hours by starting to pack , watching the office and reading texts from last night :) 
in 24 hours I will be done :D 
Just raped an exam and got an a on my paper . I'm done ! Party time ! 
doesn't really want to leave ... 
Is back in SPARTA ! 
has saved little < PROPFIRST > and is now safely keeping him locked away in my house :D 
well today i learned two things : one plumbing supplies have very dirty names and two my dad is no longer allowed to \fix\ " things cuz when he tries our house no longer has heat :/ " 
Just got to pretend I was chinese while driving maddi to the er . 
While at the er with my sis I met a transvestite that punched a mailbox and broke two fingers 
My blonde lil sis seems to believe a ) japan is a state and b ) italy is a part of spain ... 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :) off to ct then florida !! 
my brother has his nails painted ... now I understand why his gfs have looked like they have dicks 
Just saw a commerical with two pieces or cereal licking eachother and getting happy ... 
Wishes it was warmer 
Just got back from a morning run and a swim ... time for the BEACH ! 
needs to start being productive and do my abroad application before the festivities tomorrow :) 
Today is a good day ... shopping then girls night ! 
and the night begins :) 
sisters birthday dinner then bowling with the fabulous < PROPFIRST > Dalcourt 
is currently debating with my sister how mermaids have babies ... any interesting suggestions ??? 
playing in the snow in bathing suits in 20 min ... o this should be interesting .... 
does anyone who has taken ns 3410 know if the interactive part of the book is necessary or not ? 
my brother is getting his hair cut ... maybe he will come home not looking like a girl this time .... 
out for the night :) 
Anyone need a ride to < PROPMALE > Monday ? 
leaves for < PROPMALE > Monday !!! RUSH <3 !! 
is so sick that im hallucinating that my fish has transformed into a shark and is now eating the hopping bunnies in my room .... 
ok really bad bronchitis/pneumonia , sinus infection and maybe the flu you win ... 
four day of classes and im already a bit overwhelmed .... 
:) 
figured out the cure for viral bronchitis/pneumonia :) 
its Monday and I already can't wait for Friday ... this is gonna be a long week 
abroad applications are done minus signatures and letters of recommendation ... what professors should I get ? 
My school paid me to watch porn today ... 
spent 6 hours in physics today ... going to london better be worth my insane class combo 
is adopting the work hard play hard philosophy and this weekend better make up for this week 
lets hope tonight is as fun as the last or better :D 
i would call this a very successful weekend 
anyone have some dry rice ... 
has obtained rice :D no phone today 
should prob start the assignments due tomorrow now ... 
i think i should just become a lesbian ... any thoughts lol 
YAYAYAYAYAYYYYYY !!! 
is a new member of < PROPMALE > EMS :) 
who wants to teach me orgo ??? 
does anyone have a spice girls outfit i could potentially borrow ?? 
ABROAD APPLICATION IS IN ! SO EXCITED !!!!! 
had a fairly fantastic evening but i really wish orgo wasnt at 9am ... 
where did that large bruise on my knee come from .... 
does anyone have a tube dress I can borrow pretty please 
I prob should have have touched my orgo book before today ... 
now understands that going out 8 out of the last 14 days was not the best idea ... however it was very fun :) 
Loving this weather ! 
Love my mommy and her valentines day boxes ! 
orgo is slowly rotting my brain ... thursday night cant come soon enough :) 
ok so I need plans for Thurs , Fri and Sat ... what are my options people ??? 
blew my headphones again .... good thing i brought backups this semester :) 
Brought a bag of chocolate to the library to study with :) 
photo shoot , dinner , orgo , PARTY !!! could be a worse day 
where are people going out this evening ?? 
any parties going on this fine evening i can attend ??? 
\i wanna feel your kiss for real . wanna feel your kiss for real \"" 
really wishes i went to the harvard game and didnt feel like shit ... 
ok where are the parties tonight people ??? 
\so we dance and we laugh and we touch \ 
party or study .... vodka party :D yay !!! 
My night in a nutshell ... absurd amounts of alcohol , dancing , laughing , falling over , < PROPMALE > jokes , directing airplanes , clothes in the hall n hotub time machine :) 
Why do we have school on a holiday .... 
scored :) life win 
whos not failing physics anymore ... me :) 
would like it to be the weekend now so we can properly celebrate a birthday :) 
needs to realize that leaving facebook open at the office can be a dangerous life choice ... 
loves < PROPFIRST > Jannuzzi and < PROPFIRST > Ridgeway Jannuzzi's absolutely fantastic package :) 
randomly is super cold and doesnt feel well .... at least I have DELICIOUS MOUNTAINS OF CARAMEL APPLES !!!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is visiting in april hopefully :D 
is already tired today and i get to spend the day doing physics ... i want to dissect the eyeball again :( 
food orgasm :D 
Is a giant snowball ... 
sick again .... really ??? 
ITS FRIDAY :D 
anyone need a ride back to jersey for break ??? 
Strawberry .... 
just tore apart my room looking for the shoe i lost last weekend ... half an hour later i went to get a drink from the fridge and there it was ... some weekend :) 
at least there was cheesecake for breakfast =D 
snow day :D should i jump around outside in bathing suit again or study ??? 
after being the leading scoring this evening i've discovered my new back up career in inter tube water polo lmao 
GOT APPROVED TO GO TO LONDON !! those damn schools better accept me !!! 
camping out in Mann come say hi and keep me sane !!! 
FREEEEEEEEEEEE !!!! 
home soon :) 
In sparta for 12 hours who's home 
Va id like to inform you its almost 90 degrees and I'm going to fuck shit up this weekend 
Drinking not to feel feelings doesn't work when they are strong :( 
gonna be a fun last night at UR with my best < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Puccio :) 
Florida today :) 
thinking .... 
Woke up in FLORIDA :D 
After two hours of treasure hunting my dad found a bottle cap .... wooo dream big 
Our hotel room is fucking kick ass !!! 
Can people please stop honking at me its annoying .... thanks 
Got invited to a party friday :D love being \smoking hot\ " lol " 
Running with some serious thoughts . If you want me < PROPMALE > me 
Attention fat girls at the beach : if you have a one piece black and white polka < PROPFEMALE > bathing suit you look like a cow .... just saying 
Jet skiing ! 
Sickest jet skiing experience of my life with an amazing hot instructor :) easily best vacation ever 
Gonna be in sparta a few hours in the morning anyone around ? 
Going back to school a bit earlier than originally panned 
Party neutral to class must be friday :D 
gonna party like its my birthday cuz it almost is :D 
skipping to north in the sunshine :D 
Sisters visiting Friday ! :D 
Is now offically 20 :) yayaya cookie cake soon :D 
trainees taking all the shifts I need one you keep taking them all before I get on !! 
just woke up had another cookie and realized thats all i have eaten today ...... way to go birthday left overs 
< PROPFEMALE > Jannuzzi's coming today :D 
anyone blonde not using their < PROPMALE > id tonight that i could borrow ???? 
where in the sand is my id ..... 
Feels so alive :) 
even sick you can see the < PROPFEMALE > in my eyes :) 
may regret this in the morning 
Not feeling good today :( 
Loving this sunshine :) 
Its slightly too cold for this 
After chilling outside for two hours I'm fairly certain I just saw a snow flake .... 
broken 
Ok let's turn this into fire and go kick some orgo ass 
worked out for three hours today ... movie with the girlies <3 
Happy 6th birthday to my baby sis :) 
Who wants to play outside with me insttead of doing work ? 
shiny new piercing :D 
home in 19days <3 
Attempting to work out with my new belly ring 
< PROPFEMALE > Brenner is amazing :) 
when your printer tries to print and manages to get the paper stuck in a ball you cant get out and squirt ink like an octopus the semester should just be over 
< PROPFEMALE > Brenner is the bestest :) 
