absolutely nothing on my mind .... 

Wishing I was in Hawaii with my husband , even if he is working .... 
It is frickin 94 degrees at 10:52 pm ..... 
I am sick ( thankfully that's metaphoric ) of the freakin ' insurance companies getting to decide how our health care is delivered , and often by whom . They get to decide who gets to have actual insurance and who doesn't . If they decide you are \worthy\ " of " 
HOLY SHIT !!!!! It's raining for a minute .... 
I misspelled < PROPMALE > Taibbi's name - sorry ! 
My expensive f-in carpet cleaner won't work ....... 
Since I have no paying gig , I don't have a health insurance plan . Can someone please explain to me why it would be bad for me to be able to buy into a MediCare For All plan in this country ? If I want the government to oversee my health care , why shouldn't I have that ? Seniors have it , vets have it , government employees have it , and our congress has it , and they all seem to like it . I'll pay to play - fairly . 
Just like I thought , no one out there can tell me a good reason for all of us not to have MediCare for All ..... hmmmm .... where are my conservative friends ? 
Just scheduled a mammogram ; last year $125 , this year $200 - this is cash , out of pocket .... just wondering what they charge for a prostate exam ? 
To all my ' 79ers ... my heart is in my stomach from having to miss our reunion . You guys have no idea how much I missed you all , and have cried all weekend . Please post some photos ... so I can cry some more . 
< PROPMALE > and I are in Puerto < PROPMALE > with a hotel full of astro-geeks ! Oh , how I am gonna love this next week !!!!!!!!!! 
Puerto < PROPMALE > is HOT ! in every way imaginable ... astronomers are funny , smart , and look silly in banana hammocks ..... 
It's cloudy and < PROPFEMALE > in ol ' Monterrey , but the pool is nice and warm ! 
I should not be up this early ... can someone please explain that to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Yum , Tinie ! I drank one of these in Puerto < PROPMALE > , they are great . 
Waiting on company to arrive from Monterrey ! On our way to the second annual Freethinkers Convention ! WooHoo ! Hail hail to reality and rational thought ... 
We ( Me , < PROPMALE > , & < PROPFEMALE > ) are safely back in Mexico for a minute ... see you for Christmas ? 
Back in Tejas .... 
Mom has been gone two years .... 
I love you guys for remembering with us . She was the shit ! in every sense of the word ... Don't forget to ask people you love silly questions , because you never know when you might want to know that answer .... 
I played in the sandbox with my GRANDbabies today ! I freakin ' love that job ! 
It's bad enough that Focus on the Family even exists , since it is an oxymoron ; however , if CBS is going to allow them to run their sick anti-choice lie of an ad , then I say boycott the Superbowl and CBS ..... long live women and their right to plan their own family . 
I hate that my name is almost < PROPFIRST > Beck backwards !!!! Maybe I will start going by Valdes and to hell with the glynn part ? 
I am so grateful that my son is alright .... Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
The new profile photo is much more the correct version of me ... 
Just musing on the fact that religion has infected our entire world and now it's even infecting Facebook . I'm not talking about believing ... I'm talking about religion . 
To all my FB friends , I mean no offense , I just wish you would give yourselves the credit for all the good ( and bad ) that happens in your lives .... you're in my heart . 
Time is fleeting ... no matter what you believe . 
Get ready Fleetwood - Ace is moving home ! 
If you believe god is good , I think you should read the bible again ..... 
Our Daddy is taking a nap so he can get up and look at transitting planets until 5 am ! Love you < PROPMALE > ! 
Another < PROPFEMALE > is headed toward the sky . Peace and Love to < PROPMALE>'s family . 
OK ... Crazy .... our grandma snapped out of it , and appears to be doing much , much better ! Forget the last wall post ! :) 
You guys and gals are just awesome ! Thank you for your wonderful wishes . I am in Monterrey , Mexico right now , and it is thankfully , July 2nd ... because July 1st brought us Hurricane < PROPFIRST > and boy did he make his presense known . 
I will upload videos of the inundation as soon as I can get ' er done ! 
Well , guess what ? It's raining , and raining , and raining ... 
I'm home ! Where's that , you might ask ? 
< PROPMALE > and I ( aka Thurston and Luvey ) look great in the profile photo , or no ? 
... a three hour cruise ... wow ... 20 years later ; 0 
Off to South Padre Island with my babies and nieces ... we are going to have a blast ! 
South Padre , sun , and grandbabies ! It was the greatest time I've had there in a long while ... even with the sunburns :) 
I think Suavitel smells better than Downey .... 
Would anyone out here like a five month old female bassett hound puppy ? 
Why do people give credit to \god\ " instead of themselves ? What if they are the ones who are really great and don't get the credit ????? " 
If you don't speak Spanish , learn some and tune in to Obsesion por El Cielo - < PROPMALE>'s radio show soon to be podcast on astronomy ! 
To all my republican facebook friends , you might want to unfriend me pretty soon , because I am \fixin ta\ " go on quite the rant any moment .......... and it will continue until after November 2nd . " 
and one more thing .... my kids and grandkids , and absolutely my husband and our doggie are the greatest things since liquid soap ! ;) 
The hummingbird feeder is so busy it looks like a wasp nest !!!!!! Yea Autumn ! 
Can someone explain how you can be Pro Military and Pro Life at the same time ? 
I might hurt your feeling , but you hurt my brain .... 
So , I was listening to a podcast , and they talked about a Catholic conference in November , and the speakers are going to PROVE that Galileo was wrong ... huh ? 
I read a story in the SA Express about guys checking out facebook pages of people , finding out where they < PROPMALE > out/shopped/ate , figuring out how wealthy they were , and then setting up kidnappings . Something to consider .... 
I'm not mad because you unfriend me ... 
Hope not hate .... 
How can living life be doing what you need to do to get to the next day ? Was that what our parents did ? 
Woot Woot I catched some fish , but mostly fish ate my bait ! I don't like their kind of bait . I like my kind ! ;) 
How hard is it to tell < PROPFEMALE > Palin she's full of crap ? 
Obama is more popular in Alaska than < PROPFEMALE > Palin - according to polls .... does she know how to read one if it doesn't fit on her hand ? 
Cousins\ 
are there as childhood friends , and are there when we get older as forever\ 
friends . Repost this if you have cousins that make you smile .........? 
Hey you dang wood chucks !!! Quit chuckin ' my wood ! 
Are you Texan ? Do you want what's best for this state ? Are you my friend ? Are you 18 ? Have you voted ? You have until Friday for early voting , and I expect you to vote for < PROPMALE > White for Governor of Texas , so go forth ...... 
Light travels faster than sound .. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
Atheism is a religion like bald is a hair color ..... 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory . 
Support bacteria . They're the only culture some people have ..... 
I like my coffee like I like my president ..... black ! 
Here I am ! Now , what were your other two wishes ? 
You thought arguing with Republicans was a waste of time before , just wait .... 
Change is inevitable .... except from vending machines . 
Hard work pays off in the future . Laziness .... pays off now . ;) 
SoulTrain helped make me who I am . Thanks , < PROPMALE > . 
So , I had a little talk with the big guy in the red suit , and guess which list I'm on ? 
Dry vegetable material .......... gotta love THAT phrase ! ;) 
My heart goes out to the Edwards family . May < PROPFEMALE > rest in peace . 
To all of my friends and family out here in FB land ,.. let's kiss 2010 good f'in bye ! Happy NEW Year ! 
Namaste , bitches ! ;) 
I've been drinking .......... what else do you need to know ????????????? 
I really , really should go to bed ........... 
