bye bye sophmore year ill miss you ;[ everyone cut lab monday 

Owned the first two regents ( chem Y geometry ) all thats left is global thoses two essays sound like a pain 
done with regents got home took a shower what now 
< PROPFEMALE > fox , cars that are actually robots that battle with wmd's and lots of explosions looking forward to transformers probably the best movie of the year gonna try and catch it tuesday night 12:01 
where is everyone getting there grades from ? 
99.5 six flags was awesome but my brother took bugs oh well transformers tonight 
happy fourth 
studying for the written road test 
going to dorney park woot 
tired * yawn 
pulling no sleep on birthday 
nice haul today 
dmv tmrw =) 
perfect score got my permit 8 ] 
suck it fool you know who you are 
Smoking nicotine is more harmful than smoking weed . Nicotine cause cancer , yellow teeth , blackness of gums and inhalation difficulties while weed only makes one high , is prescribed to treat cancer . 
my itouch is fcked up is there a warranty on this 
went to the city yesterday just woke up 
so much freakin hw damn 
why would you do that !! 
what clubs should i join friday 
i really cant watch tv while doing hw anymore 
do we have to go to arista meeting tmrw 
going to college night after all 
where do we get vapor pressure 
i want a energizer < PROPFEMALE > 
found a site with the old stuff 
how do you find acceleration in the physics lab ? 
such a long day sigh 
when did life become so hard that it seemed like a burden ? 
ap lab is the last thing i can think of and i can't think 
imma kill you if you do that again ! 
A joke is not funny if you have to explain it and if the other person laughs like a maniac after you do there is something wrong with them ! 
Yash what did we do to you we almost had a weekend with a small amount of ap chem hw but the you start talking \Oh thats it I already did that in class \"" 
Black Friday 
4 days is not enough they should make two vacations the size of summer vacation 
i wish i could sleep right now 
i live in next to two asses 
christmas is so close yet so far 
whts apchem hw < PROPFEMALE > 
need milaniS test !! 
why is it that when life gets easy someone comes and complicates it for you ? 
Friends exposed asked : Who changed your life the most this year ? I really wanted to answer Dr. < PROPFEMALE > 
Some girls just can't shutup ! 
Tey didnt want my blood =[ , got a haircut 
shaving hurts , watching digimon lol 
semi formal was nice 
what dbq do we do ? 
i slept for 14 and a half hours 
yea I got a four in college now history 
so much work 
I sense a great deal of trouble oh no my dad forgot his anniversary his time has come ... 
I am running for Arista vice president 
< PROPFEMALE > thnx a lot vote N.P. for V.P. ARISTA !!! 
good luck at science oly dozo N.P. for V.P. 
Anyone know a good 600$ or less driver's < PROPMALE > course that gives the MV-285 in queens 
Hey everyone vote N.P. fior V.P. and also support me and < PROPFEMALE > for Social Events 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - I made it is my new victory song 
Is everyone's birthday in spring break 
home alone 5 spring break all to myself 
went to the chinese supermarket looked for sesame buns were none so bought wonder bread and some NOS came made some awesome veggie burgers and some lemonade mixed the lemonade with my NOS and am chowing down for the rest of the day I was dead 
This thursday in the Arista elections I will be running for VP because I want to help change Arista I want to help you guys out I know why you guys don't like everything about Arista and as Vice President I hope to fix it but I can only do so if you guys vote for me bring the support to the polls ( NP for VP ) Also support me and < PROPFEMALE > for Social Events 
Final hours guys vote NP for VP Arista tommorow ninth and tenth for a dedicated and determined VP 
It's about time for me to get serious with my life thats it It's final I can't go back no more 
Yay AC is on 
Hey guys sorry about my crappy speech period 10 Arista I hope you guys can still find a reason to vote for me NP for VP because NP mean NO PROBLEMS 
Everyone that made the choice to go NP for VP today thanks for the support you know I'll be there for you guys cause once you choose NP it's No Problem hence forth thanks guys your the best 
facebook is my anit-homework 
what are must know songs for any guitarist im talking all time classics 
Haven't seen one Indian Scholarship so far figures -.- 
No I don't know where my children are omg its ten o clock what am i going to do 
need group members for english project must be confident and loud I have a great idea so all Mr. Kerrigan pd . 5 people without a group please msg me 
Too all the girls I have a question who is your favorite actor/model in terms of buffness and good looks 
Is it too hard for my teachers to give me some free time 
gl to all running for commitee 
damn just got uncharted 2 but I must keep strong and keep it closed untill after the ap tests 
internet is back on I <3 halal 
]= last episode of supernatural so sad next season is going on a different story why do all the good shows end so soon 
hmmm June 2nd 10am walk out sounds like using budget cuts as an excuse to cut 
it was interesting going to installation very interesting indeed 
what was that last song by impure thought last night 
thank god for microsoft 07 and recovery 
NOOOO !!! damn it lakers lose shit 
Selling some books for all those who might need them ( AP ENG AND AP CHEM)\ 
\ 
Cliffs Ap english ( you will need to buy this book for Ap eng)- 5 $ new\ 
5 steps to a five for ap english-10 $ new\ 
Princetons Ap chemistry- 10$ new\ 
barron's ap chem- 10$ new\ 
barrons ap chem flash cards- 5$ new\ 
I will negotiate 
barron's ap chem book 10$ flash cards 5$ 
barrons ap chem book- 10$ no writing crease on binding\ 
Barrons ap chem flashcards- 5$\ 
5 steps to a five ap english language and composition- 10$ new 
Lakers ftw 
..... 
Today the lakers pullede through a took the strong lead something the celtics were never able to do on the lakers this season making up for their off night thurs game 7 lakers make the win 
come on kobe where is your flow 
okay kobe is hot lakers are going to win it I know it 
okay the lakers are on fire 
LA LAKERS WIN ! TAKE THAT CELTIC'S FANS 
Anyone record dozopalooza specifically in pure thought's last song 
I finally got soul silver getting ds lite tmrw awesome 
I need a ditto for Pokemon heartgold anyone wanna trade need for breeding 
Ditto is a slut 
yo my precalc text book is bigger than my calc textbook wtf ?! Gaussian elimination fml !! 
My Pre Cal teacher has a European accent , doesn't really care what you do as long as your tests are okay . My Pre Cal teacher also only goes over homework if you ask at the same time my teacher tolkd one student to shut up since they were talking too much can you guess who it is ? 
Got a haircut 
AP Grades \ 
APUSH 5-and I was late\ 
APCHEM 4- I'm so happy \ 
APE 3- Figures Kerrigan I blame you .... \ 
Gppd thing I didn't take two more ap's btw whats Dr chans and mr elgarts emails 
on my way upstate btw my phone contract ended don't call ; I hate cats but on the brooklyn queens bridge there were two kittens the size of my hand made me want to cry as they were scared and helpless 
Why are girls called bitches when they have more in common with cats 
ordered the iphone sigh why does it have to be backordered it's like a christmas when you know what your going to get , you want it but at the same time you can't have it yet ... 
Like this status and I'll write one thing I like about you one thing I hate about you and one thing to confess 
Last day of summer skl finals on cal and precal wish me luck 
Free at last 
3 weeks till skl begins better make the best of it 
1-8 
There's no I in team but there is me 
Peace out sat's 
alright got myself a new e string a couple of extra sets and a snark tuner 
apparently i'm supposed to be < PROPMALE > boo ? 
Slept at 7:05 pm Friday night woke up 11:55 today damn I missed my shows 
don't feel like doing eco blasted college forms took my weekend from me 
Any one need a big yellow stamped envelope adressed to northeastern , princeton , columbia , boston university or harvard there is no return address and they have all four stamps 
I think I'm actually going to play cod black ops and just relax 
anyone know what the first cliffs assignment was for ms < PROPMALE>'s class 
getting the move and assassin's creed brotherhood tmrw too bad i probably will need to wait a week to have the time to setup and play 
Whose going to the senior trip 
Finished assassin's creed brotherhood I hate how the story keeps getting more confusing everytime it ends 
need a new laptop thinking alienware or sony high performance i7 
why is facebook showing me events that my friends are invited to I swear fb gets more stalker friendly every day 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vl-kYbgCsI\ 
lols 
\I just want to make people silky smooth . \"" 
One man on a mission , to sleep the only thing in his way are 4 college essays , one teacher rec , three gov test essay and a spanish powerpoint 
who is still up ? 
Pokemon supports animal cruelty . 
Completely empty bus I'm shocked 
Ages 1-5 the best year of your life , ages 5-12 the carefree days , ages 13-18 the worst time of your life , ages 19-27 days of freedom , ages 27-60 taxes nuff said , ages 60+ death won't look so bad by then all you have to do is wait 
9.0 kill/death ratio cod black ops 27 kills 3 deaths 
Supplements time 
Indian vampire werewolf girl protagonist show fml 
i'll never use common app agian 
\evil always walks in with a smile . \"" 
what was ms < PROPFEMALE>'s spanish homework 
lol spokeo thinks im 62 
lol < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in a porn < PROPFEMALE > worker strike in crank 2 
Fml 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > after 6 years 
Super smash melee , roomates getting shocked , basketball and more time well spent 
Omg I overslept w8 \ 
No skl 
1st interview 
Gud day 
When Obama became president < PROPFEMALE > said change when I open my calc book I think change 
I'm facing withdrawal from quitting procrasination 
Accepted in st johns and Albany 
so far only acceptances the future is looking ok 
crap i missed the raikou , mew and entei events 
got that celebi 
give it a decade or two lol will be in websters dictionary 
Why sleep when you can pull an all nighter ? 
should i buy black or white or platinum hmm decisions 
whio's still up 
nice amazon gives ten dollars of credit for pokemon black and white which means twenty dollars to spend =] 
found a 35 dollar chip set thats just like my 50 dollar chip set in the dice section sigh 
yay bought black and white i'll get plat later hmm which one should i give my brother he wants black but am I that nice . 
yes B & W shipped out 
Owning cod online with a silenced handgun 
Black and white have arrived 
i still did not get macaulay queens reply .. 
All of us have thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
yes from BU 
BU , UB , Suny Albany , Queens , St Johns , Mount Saint < PROPFIRST > 
