We finally made it onto the web . YEEHAW 

God is great , Beer is good , and people are crazy . 
Sometimes there is just not enough coffee in the world ! 
i love being me . im pretty sure cas likes being her . life is good . i want some < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
I am sooooooo sick of being cold !!!!!! 
We had our routine doctor's visit yesterday and everything is still going good ! Baby's heartbeat and kicks are strong ( he kicked hard while our doctor was listening to his heart ) . 25 weeks along and going strong ! 
it is freaking cold out . if i didnt know better id think we were living in minnesota . wait a second . i ...... im not sure .... where am i .......... i think i need some sleep . 
< PROPMALE > is currently becoming whiskey drunk and bullet proof ........ but my time is coming !!! 
It's finally Friday !!!! What a long ass week ! 
Today I woke up feeling great . The baby's kicking like crazy , my step daughters running around like maniacs , and my wonderful husband should be home from work in a bit . Yep ... today is a great day ! ( Cas ) 
12 hour shifts are really lame and stuff . like i totally dont like them 
Ever feel like you're surrounded by IDIOTS ?!? ( Cas ) 
I want Taco Johns ! ( Cas ) 
Missed my bus into work this morning and had to drive ! Guess no naps for me .... grrrrrr ! ( Cas ) 
Lookin forward to spending some time w/my hubby this weekend . 12-hour shifts suck ! He's been at work more than at home this week :( ( Cas ) 
I am so sick of winter !! Total cabin fever at the Matthies ' Houshold !!! ( Cas ) 
It's < PROPMALE>'s Birthday !!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ( Cas ) 
gettin crunk and nasty in the valley yall . its 26 an ' countin ' . fo sho 
28 weeks today ! Finally in the third trimester and in the home stretch ... YAY :) ( Cas ) 
Ever notice that when you have stuff going on over the weekend , it doesn't even feel like you get a weekend ..... You run around all weekend and then back to work on Monday . Where's the relaxation in that ?!? I think for the next few weekends after this , we are just going to stay home and be lazy !!! ( Cas ) 
aww yeah brothers and sisters . the whole matthies family is going out tonight . gonna tear < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > to pieces . hope to see everyone out tonight . love you all . 
Sooooooooooo sleepy ......... ( Cas ) 
people talking but they just dont know , whats in my heart and why i love you so , i love you baby like a miner loves gold , c'mon sugar let the good times roll . \jimi hendrix \"" 
Prenatal class tonight and all day tomorrow . Are they worth the time and money ?? ( Cas ) 
Completed our prenatal class . I'm actually very happy we went . It was a bit long to sit through but it was also very informative and interesting ! ( Cas ) 
I seemed to have misplaced my motivation today .... let me know if you find it ! ( Cas ) 
Oh yeah , got our tickets for project earth . im excited 
Expecting mothers/families everywhere ! I think we may be in the midst of the next baby boom !! ;) Congrats to all who are expecting a little one :) ( Cas ) 
grrrrrr ...... need more sleep ! guess i should get used to running on little to no sleep tho ! ( Cas ) 
after working 12 hour shifts all week and then 7 on saturday i think im ready to quit my job and start up that commune i have been dreaming of . no work all play . thats my motto . whos in ? p.s. dont tell cas 
32 weeks today ! ( Cas ) 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day to All ! Drink a couple for me ;) ( Cas ) 
Finally got the bedroom and back porch gutted and some of the new outlets and wiring is done !! Our house is a complete mess but will be worth it in the end ! ( Cas ) 
Found out last night that we have to completely tear down the back porch and rebuild :( A little disappointing and more expensive but better safe than sorry I guess . ( Cas ) 
Since starting our remodeling , the power steering in < PROPMALE>'s car has gone out and our male cat has gotten another UTI . Damn perfect timing ! ( Cas ) 
Today is POETS Day !....... ( Piss on everyone tomorrow's Saturday ) hahahaha , i love it ;) ( Cas ) 
Feeling a bit overwhelmed . 34 wks along , house is a mess , credit line balance going up fast , and not sleeping well . Trying to keep the end result in mind but can't shake the feeling of being in over my head ...... ( Cas ) 
Finally got some decent sleep last night . Really helps with the windows open ! Love the fresh air !! ( Cas ) 
Had to bring in our male cat to be put down this morning . He wasn't getting any better and we couldn't stand to see him suffer anymore . I'm a total mess ...... so hard to lose an animal . Especially when they are thought of and treated like your own children . Rest in peace baby boy ....... we miss you so much already it hurts ... ( Cas ) 
This is becoming one of the longest days of my life ....... I hate when time passes this slowly ! ( Cas ) 
So glad it's Friday . Been a very long week ! I find that the closer I am to delivery , the less focused I've become . Can't seem to concentrate on anything at work ...... ( Cas ) 
I seem to have put on my crabby pants again today .... :( ( Cas ) 
All went well at our doctor's appointment yesterday . Baby's in the correct position , head is down and fluid levels are good . Now we wait ...... Even though I'm completely miserable , I'm trying very hard to be patient these last few weeks ...... key word \trying . \ " ( Cas ) " 
White Iron Band tonight !!!!! Can't wait !!! ( Cas ) 
2 yrs ago today , I married the love of my life . < PROPMALE > , you are such a wonderful husband and father . I am so happy that you are in my life . We've made it through all the good and bad so far , and I know that our love is stronger for it . You drive me absolutely nuts sometimes ... well , most of the time ;) but I can't picture a life without you . I Love you with all my heart < PROPFEMALE > . Happy Anniversary , kisses ! ( Cas ) 
37 wks !! O man am I ready to not be pregnant anymore . Just look at that belly ( below) ! Haha , definately a lot to < PROPFEMALE > around ;) ( Cas ) 
Too tired to concentrate at work .... makes for a long day . ( Cas ) 
So sick of stupid people !!!!!! ( Cas ) 
Dilation has started !! Now hopefully it will keep progressing and not just sit there ...... ( Cas ) 
Man I'm really not liking my job right now .... and that's so not normal for me . I just don't want to be here at all . Quite the negative attitude I have ...... ( Cas ) 
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day ! Wish there were windows in my office .... ( Cas ) 
Had a great time at my baby shower w/my co-workers last night ! They went all out and spoiled the hell out of the baby and me ;) Love the girls I work w/ !!!! ( Cas ) 
We're in the final days !!! Everyone cross your fingers and toes so that he comes on time and not late ! ( Cas ) 
the last post we posted was like 4 hours before cas went into labor . we are all at home now doing well . i am probably the proudest father in the world . cas is doing really well and i think she will be a good mom . thanks for all the well wishes . pics will be here soon . 
Well the wait is finally over ! On May 4 , 2010 Lynden < PROPMALE > Matthies was brought into this world by emergency c-section at 6:22 a.m. Although he gave us quite a scare , he is a beautiful , healthy baby . He was 6 lbs 14 oz and 19 1/2 in . He looks just like his daddy and I couldn't be happier !! I never knew you could fall in love with something so fast .... it's very emotional ! ( Cas ) 
First day without my hubby at home w/me and lynden :( It was sooooo good to finally spend time together ..... but I guess that doesn't pay the bills . ( Cas ) 
Ok .. so Lynden seems to have his days and nights mixed up :( He sleeps all day and is up and very fussy all night long ...... Gonna try to keep him up more today to see if that helps . ( Cas ) 
We had a MUCH better night last night . I actually got to sleep in my own bed and not on the couch !! ( Cas ) 
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day . Perfect weather for showing Lynden off to family and friends :) ( Cas ) 
Poor baby boy has been screaming all day ..... he finally just passed out on his blanket . Hopefully he'll get some good sleep ( at least for a couple hours anyway ) . ( Cas ) 
Whew .... Lynden got some good sleep throughout the night . Maybe I'll have a happy baby today ;) ( Cas ) 
Day 2 of screaming baby . We have one good day for every 2 bad days . I need ear plugs desperately ;) ( Cas ) 
So cute ...... Lynden and Daddy are sleepin in the recliner . Love it ! ( Cas ) 
having an off day today ....... wish i could shake it . ( Cas ) 
I love my little boy but mama desparately needs more sleep .....! ( Cas ) 
We had a very fussy night . Lynden can't decide if he likes his swing or not . He seems to take a while to get use to things . Silly picky little boy ..... ( Cas ) 
got a full night of sleep ! < PROPMALE > gave me the night off and got up for every feeding . LOVE my husband !! ( cas ) 
I really want to buy some new clothes but am frustrated with how things are fitting me ( or not fitting me ) right now . Not used to having the left over baby weight .... hope it goes away soon . ( cas ) 
harvest fest o harvest fest . how you drain my wallet yet raise my spirits . are we going ? let me drink on it . and again and again . 
I absolutely hate dealing with insurance companies !! I swear they don't make any sense and give you the run around .... soooooooo aggravating ! ( cas ) 
So Lynden will only sleep w/me or in his swing ( depending on his mood ) . I cannot get him into his bassinet for the life of me .... ( cas ) 
I should really pick up the old guitar again and this time stick w/it ...... ( cas ) 
Getting my hair done at 3 and then Grandma < PROPFEMALE > is picking up Lynden at 5 for an overnight stay so I can go to my Chief Residents ' Graduation party ... I'm way excited ! ( cas ) 
2 weeks til Project Earth . first and possibly only fest of the year . we really gotta make it count , not that i have ever been let down . rain or shine we drink all the time . 
Oh lover , lover , lover you don't treat me no good no more ...... woke up with that song in my head . Lynden and I always dance to it ! ( cas ) 
project earth tomorrow bitches . pre party tonight but the matthies clan sadly will not be in attendance . at least not the spring valley branch of the ever expanding tree . hope its a good time . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > MATTHIES will however be tearing a new path through the park tomorrow . git down or git gone . g-yah 
Well we survived the weekend . Kinda scary being out in a tent with tornado weather all around . Good thing we were all way to drunk ...... All things considered ... it was a damn good time at Project Earth ! ( cas ) 
\you leave home and you move on and you do the best you can ; i got lost in this ' ol world and forgot who i am ..... if i could just come in i swear i'll leave ; won't take nothin but a memory from the house that built me\ " great song and so true in many cases .... ( cas ) " 
First day back to work tomorrow . Pretty stressed about the whole thing really . Mornings will be crazy now with getting Lynden ready for the day and getting the girls and him off to daycare . I was already getting up at 5 for work before he was born . Wonder how early I'll be getting up now ....... not to mention he still gets up every 2 to 3 hours a night ......... ( cas ) 
This morning went smoothly but getting up at 4 a.m. is not fun ! ( cas ) 
Sooooo glad it's Friday . I'm completely exhausted and I miss spending time with my baby boy . ( cas ) 
Had a great time at my baby shower . Thanks bunches to my sister-in-law and mom for hosting it !! It was soooooo good to see some friends I haven't seen in ages . Love you all !! ( cas ) 
Lynden finally slept through the night !!! Maybe he felt bad cuz he had me up at 2:30 a.m. yesterday and wouldn't go back to sleep ...... Way hard to stay awake at work . I was exhausted ....... ( cas ) 
This day is moving soooo slowly ...... Dreaming of changing into comfy clothes and drinking an ice cold beer . Mmmmmmmmm ....... ( cas ) 
a good man was lost today . \ 
we bow our heads , and raise our glasses , \ 
on this day lord you can kiss our asses . \ 
taken too young , no < PROPMALE > for goodbyes , \ 
though the body is down the soul shall arise . \ 
\ 
good bye old friend . allways in my heart and many others . \ 
p.s. penguins always did make me smile . 
My eyes are swollen , my heart is broken , I just can't accept that you're gone . You were always there for me and were the greatest of friends . Love you much and may you rest in peace . ( cas ) 
Woke up this morning to be slapped with the realization that it wasn't a bad dream .... it's real . My heart aches for you < PROPMALE > G . So many emotions running through me . I can't help but want to be angry that you were taken . Such a wonderful person should not have gone like that . This is so unfair .... I just can't take it . ( cas ) 
\\n *$* \\nNBK\\n *$* 
oh < PROPMALE > boy , the pipes the pipes are calling . \\n *$* \\nNBK\\n *$* 
Why do I always feel the need to sugarcoat everything .... really need to learn how to just spit the shit out ...... grrrrrrr . ( cas ) 
O for fucks sakes !!!!! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh ( cas ) 
baby dont wanna sleep . 
\I feel like pound sign question < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > exclamation point ; Don't give a blank and whole lotta other choice words I can't say ; Today I feel like pound sign question < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > exclamation point\ " ( cas ) " 
Feeling a bit off today ..... must be the weather ..... i hope ....... ( cas ) 
trouble , oh trouble set me free . i have seen your face and its too much , too much for me . 
beautiful mornin for a walk with the doggie . gonna do some trout fishin with my < PROPMALE > . sounds like a good day . 
Love the quiet of the morning while drinking my coffee . So peaceful .... This will change in about an hour once all the kids wake up ! ( cas ) 
Roadhouse is a great 2 a.m. movie . everyone knows < PROPFIRST > swaze was is and always will be a badass ....... oh yeah . \\n\\nNOBODY PUTS BABY IN THE CORNER !!!!! 
Really need things to get back to normal ..... ( cas ) 
sometimes i just feel like a hole would be a rather cozy place to be . 
\Love 
job hunting sucks balls . but it is pretty fuckin sweet not rolling around in cheese all day 
baby boy doesn't like to lay down for daddy , mommy has the magic touch . . . or a towel soaked in ether :-) 
Some people are so full of shit ! ( cas ) 
Whoa , hold the phone ........ our son is 3 month's old today ! Good lord , where is my head today ....? 3 months wow .. such a big boy ! Mommy loves you baby ! ( cas ) 
Things are starting to look up ...... Hope it stays that way ! ( cas ) 
beautiful morning for the big trout to be bitin . gonna catch the big boy today . \\nCoLe\\nIs\\nGoOd 
Hmmmmmm , today's gonna be a great fucking day ....... ( cas ) 
so i learned how to shock nightcrawlers today . pretty neat seein them all come squirmin up out of the ground . 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party on Saturday . Turns out pole dancing is pretty painful . My entire body is sore and I think my thighs are permanenty bruised ... ouch ! ( cas ) 
Good God ! And I thought I was anal ....... ( cas ) 
So little Mr. Lynden decided that he wanted to get up three times during the night .... ugh it's like he's a month old again . Then < PROPMALE>'s car blew a tire and the damn thing is rusted on so he can't even change it . Now we have to get it towed to < PROPFIRST>'s Auto and fixed . Oh yeah , and did I mention were are broke ...... Not a good way to start a Friday . ( cas ) 
Had such a good weekend . Finally got to spend some quality time together as a family . I swear we hardly ever see each other anymore ..... kind of sad when you think about it . But , unfortunately , family time doesn't pay the bills :( ( cas ) 
Woke up on the crabby ass side of the bed today boys and girls ! Grrrrrrrrrrr . ( cas ) 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter as long as I'm laughin with you ... ( cas ) 
I have one nerve left and EVERYBODY is on it !!!!!!! What a shitty , shitty week at the office so far ! ( cas ) 
Wish I was at home suggling up with my little family ..... ( cas ) 
Last day of work for the week ! Pack our things baby , we're comin \HOME\ " !!!!! ( cas ) " 
:( baby boy has his first cold . poor thing ..... ( cas ) 
Well Lynden and I seem to have caught little miss Ryanne's cold . Hopefully Daddy doesn't get it too ...... ugh ! ( cas ) 
Grrrrr ..... ( cas ) 
So VERY happy it is Friday :) ( cas ) 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner 4 dark circles , salon cuts 4 ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about what they gave up but LOVE what they got in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your kid(s) ! I would give my life up for them !! 
If cookies could solve problems , today would be my lucky day ..... ( cas ) 
Your son will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart\ 
for a lifetime . It's National \Son's week\ " so if you have a son that\ 
So glad it's Friday . Lots to do before Lynden's Baptism on Sunday ..... ( cas ) 
Lynden did so well at the baptism ! I got all teary-eyed when the pastor carried him around the church for everyone to see ... so proud of our baby boy !! ( cas ) 
.... Be your best friend ; Tell the truth ; And overuse I love you ; Go to work ; Do your best ; And don't outsmart your common sense ; Never let your prayin knees get lazy ; And love like crazy .... ( cas ) 
Oh Lynden ... mama loves you with all her heart but could you PLEASE start sleeping through the night again ..... ( cas ) 
Soooooo Lynden tried peas for the first time last night ....... and he did NOT like them ! He had more peas on his bib than he ever had in his mouth . But he did make the most hilarious faces ;) We'll see how he does tonight .... ( cas ) 
I think I scared Lynden off when I gave him peas ... now he won't even eat any cereal :( ( cas ) 
Mmmmmmmm ...... Taco < PROPFEMALE > is de-freakin-licious ! But I think I ate tooooooo much :( ( cas ) 
Well squash was a success ! ( cas ) 
Thank you Friday for finally arriving .... now could you please fast forward to 4 o'clock ? Thanks much ..... ( cas ) 
I LOVE TWIX BARS !!!!!! ( cas ) 
Why is it that the \easy way out\ " is always so damn tempting .......... ( cas ) " 
I've carried a baby within my body , I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed owies , been peed on , puked on , lived on three hours of sleep each night and more . My body isn't perfect and smooth , its stretched and a little softer in places than I'd like but when I look in the ... mirror ... I see a mom and there is ... no greater honor ... or blessing ! Make this your status if you're proud to be a Mom !! ( cas ) 
< PROPFIRST > and Ryanne are 8 years old today !!! Happy Birthday girls , we love you !! ( cas ) 
I have carried a human life inside my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have been puked , peed & pooped on . I've woken up to a hungry baby & stayed up all night with a sick baby , but I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror , I see a MOMMY , and there is no greater honor blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOMMY ?? ( cas ) 
Lots to do today before < PROPFEMALE > and JD's wedding tomorrow ! Good thing < PROPMALE>'s home to take care of most of it before we have to hit the road . Sooooo excited for the festivities tonight and tomorrow ... better not forget to pick up my dress before we leave town ....! ( cas ) 
Had a fantastic time at < PROPFEMALE > and JD's wedding on Saturday ! The wedding was beautiful . < PROPFIRST > , Hedi , and Kontz ...... thanks for letting me < PROPFEMALE > and pester you until the wee hours of the morning ! Sorry to keep you up so late ;) Good to see everyone !! ( cas ) 
Wahoo ! < PROPMALE > and Lynden are visiting < PROPMALE>'s dad tonight so I have the house all to myself ... and my big plans are ............ SLEEP !! ( cas ) 
Wish I was at home hangin with my hubby and kiddos .......... ( cas ) 
Sooooo sleeeeeeppyyy .... YAWN .... ( cas ) 
There are moments in life when you wish you could \ 
bring someone down from heaven and spend the day with them just one \ 
more time . I know I have someone ( actually more than one ) I would love to do that with ... If\ 
you have someone , copy and paste this to your status to remember \ 
all who are not here - gone but NEVER forgotten xxx ( cas ) 
I am seriously lacking motivation today .... Ugh , it's gonna be a long day . ( cas ) 
Halloween day at daycare today . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for getting Lynden his jack-o-lantern outfit .... he'll be soooooo cute ! ( cas ) 
Some people's attitudes disgust me ... ( cas ) 
Happy 2nd Birthday to my beautiful niece < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Amanson !! We love you ! ( cas ) 
Happy 6 months to our wonderful baby boy ! Mommy and Daddy love you Lynden :) ( cas ) 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly 
ho-hum ....... ( cas ) 
Lookin forward to a couple delicious birthday beers after work ! What a Monday .......! ( cas ) 
Thanks for the fabulous birthday wishes guys !! The beers were WONDERFUL ;) ( cas ) 
Age3 : My Mom is the best ! Age7 : Mom I love you . Age10 : Mom whatever ... Age16 : OMG my Mom is so annoying . Age18 : I wanna leave this house . Age25 : Mom , you were right . Age35 : I wanna go back to my Mom's house . Age50 : I don't wanna lose my Mom . Age70 : I would give up everything for my Mom to be here with me . * Post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your Mom . Mom I love you . ( cas ) 
I Work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because im a MOMMY . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , security , and a comforter . I dont get holidays , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night , I am on call at all hours . I am underpaid and overworked . Now tell me your job is harder then mine . Repost if you are blessed enough to be a MOMMY ! ? ( cas ) 
What a horribly gloomy day ....! ( cas ) 
up down up down ..... missing someone hurts so bad sometimes ..... ( cas ) 
Thinking I need to go to church . ( cas ) 
Curling up on the couch sounds amazing right now ... Too bad our baby boy doesn't like to suggle yet :( He's just too damn busy ! ( cas ) 
So freakin hungry ....!! Must be wantin to fatten up for the winter ;) ( cas ) 
Frick , fricken , frickety frick ! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh !!!!! Hmmmm ... nope ... still don't feel better grrr ! ( cas ) 
Last day of work then I'll be on a MUCH NEEDED vacation all next week !!! I think I'll probably sleep ... and sleep ..... and sleep some more ! ( cas ) 
Jewelery !...... I love love L-O-V-E my husband !!!! Thanks for all the WONDERFUL gifts honey ... kisses ! ( cas ) 
Last day of work this week :) Can't wait to bring in the New Year with < PROPMALE > and the kids !! Hoping this year is going to be the best yet !! Happy New Year to everyone . ( cas ) 
Ha ! Some people really suck ! ( cas ) 
:) Things are starting to look up ...... ( cas ) 
Really don't like when Lynden's sick . Our poor little baby has had a fever for the past 2 days :( ( cas ) 
Time is passing WAY too s-l-o-w-l-y today , ugh ! ( cas ) 
hungry , hungry , hungry all the freakin time . what the heck is my problem , ugh ! ( cas ) 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but you will ... ALWAYS love them .. you know who you are ... Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends 
Soooooo our son moves his body across the floor on his tummy like a side-winder snake and wants nothing to do w/crawling ..... I'm a little worried ..... ( cas ) 
Went and had my eyes dilated ............. pretty sure my brain fell out . ( cas ) 
OK , who let the crazies out ?!? ( cas ) 
Oh quit being a noodle !! ( cas ) 
....... how do we stay so long together , when everybody , everybody said we never would , and just when i , i start to think they're right , that love has died , there you go makin my heart beat again ....... ( cas ) 
OK ladies , need some input ... Lynden is almost 9 months old and still only sleeps for about 5 hrs or so before waking up at night . At this age , should I continue to go to his room or let him \cry it out\ " ? ( cas ) " 
This too shall pass ...... ( cas ) 
If your Dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD ! ( cas ) 
Feeling overdue for some good luck . ( cas ) 
Soooooooo sleepy ... YAWN ( cas ) 
Mmmmm , why is Dove chocolate so freakin delicious ?! ( cas ) 
I give up ! ( cas ) 
Lynden is 9 months old today !! We LOVE our big boy ! ( cas ) 
Mmmmmmmm , Girl Scout cookies ! ( cas ) 
This last half hour is taking FOREVER !!! ( cas ) 
Happy Birthday to my goofy husband ! Hope you have a wonderfuly day babe , love you ! ( cas ) 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
Looks like im wearing shorts today . Its a freaking heat wave . 
Tell em all where to go and how to get there ! ( cas ) 
Ready to go home to my boys :) ( cas ) 
Feels like no matter how hard i try , or what i do , things just never go well . Big smiles . 
Well , I gave Lynden his first haircut last night . He cried a little but , overall , did really well ! I'm so proud of our big boy !! ( cas ) 
Hmmmm , what motivation I had is now gone . Of course , this throbbing headache certainly isn't helping .... Definitely ready for the work day to be over . ( cas ) 
People needn't be so damn rude . ( cas ) 
Feelin bad for stealing my wifes soda out of her lunch bag . Bad husband . 
Thinks a wife is a glorious gift . Love you baby . 
Ugh ! < PROPMALE > has been getting sick for the past two days , Lynden has thrown up a couple of times , and one of the animals puked on the floor yesterday . Can I come stay with someone for a while !?! ( cas ) 
Finally feelin better .. Ate some food today and managed to keep it down . 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
Anger he smiles , towering in shiny metallic purple armor . < PROPFEMALE > jealousy , envy , waits behind him . Her fiery green gown sneers at the grassy ground . 
Somebody P-L-E-A-S-E make it 5 o'clock already !!! I can feel myself aging ... ( cas ) 
Goin to pick up lyndens pics then off to visit coles dad . Feels good to get out of the house .. ( cas ) 
Visited ooahs baby yeasterday . She is so < PROPFEMALE > . Want new baby . 
:) I love my husband ( cas ) 
So sick of petty bullshit ..... grow up ! ( cas ) 
Ugh , I ate WAY too much ...... feel disgusting . Why must food taste so delicious ?! ( cas ) 
Working for pennies is my favorite thing in the world . next to having my fingernails pulled out with pliers . Oh sweet financial distress , how you brighten life . 
Long wrekend . Barely got to see my wife . Now a long week of work . I miss being home with lynden all day . 
Listenin to some < PROPFIRST > kershaw and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > this mornin . Good tunes by good dudes means good moods . 
Eatin rainbow stew with a silver spoon . Ha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
I miss my wife . 
Baby boy must be having another growth spurt .... he's been waking up fightin mad and hungry around 2 a.m. for the past couple of days . Mama's tired ... ( cas ) 
Wish I could celebrate today . Lil too < PROPFEMALE > I think . 
Mmmmmmmm ...... See's < PROPFEMALE > :) ( cas ) 
Read an article on CNN this morning bout an elementary student who brought a bunch of cocaine to school and shared it with a bunch of 8 + 9 year olds . WOW . 
Seen New York is gonna hit 70° today . Lucky bastards . 
Come on 5 o'clock! ( cas ) 
Glad to be done with work for the week finally . One day off and back to the grind . 
Good mornin all you beautiful should . are em enjoying this beautiful weather 
Oops . Should = souls . Damn sunday mornin typos 
< PROPFIRST > won't start . Shitty . ( cas ) 
Ugh ! It's gonna be a shitty day . ( cas ) 
Oh boy , what a mess . < PROPFIRST > has to be towed to Rochester since no place in Spring Valley has the diagnostic equipment for a newer ( 2006 ) Ford . < PROPMALE > will be HUGE . Buick's steering column is f***ed up and had to get a flat tire patched this morning . This on top of all our extremely bad financial situation has me without a shred of hope . Just can't catch a break ... ( cas ) 
Onward and upward 
This too shall pass . or at least turn off soon . 
I don't remember a time when payday was a good day . 
So , so , sooooooooooooooo tired . ( cas ) 
Finally took some pics of the bedroom that has been done for quite some time now . My dad did a WONDERFUL job ! ( cas ) 
\Sometimes I wish I lived in an Airstream\ 
Ouch ! Finally got the estimate on the Buick ... very painful .... ( cas ) 
So the transmission blew out on the < PROPFIRST > this weekend ..... Just not our month for vehicles I guess ....... ( cas ) 
