favorite app ? 

Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . I am not ashamed and I don't want to hear that someone is taking this as me cramming my faith into their lives 
sleep time part 2 
tired and lonely ... dumped again . maybe one year ill get chosen . holidays suck 
i feel crappy . just took my final for OS ... thank goodness it was practical . 1 down 1 to go .. now i just have to finish the dreadful workbook =( 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > ... Put this as your status if it worked .. ( It actually worked for once OMG LOL ) 
Well , I ended up getting my first B , which totally sucks but on the bright side I did get an A in Linux , which I wasn't really expecting . 
ruined everyones christmas ... go us . 
feel like crap . get to bring in the new year sick , woo .. hoo ... 
i feel like crap . i can't wait ' til i feel better . waking up with a concrete headache everyday is getting old . even older is the fact that i have to take too many tylenol to get it to go away . now im in class and i can't hear the teacher again . wasted class day 2 =/ 
Only 4 more hours ' til I'm officially 20 . Thanks for the birthday wishes . 
If an immigrant moves to the USA , how can they be offended by the US flag ? Why would you seek life in a place that offends you ? Anyone have an idea ? 
im pretty bored right now and my room is really hot . its lonely here too .. 
Today is gunna be a good but longgggg day . Laundry , cleaning , church , bestbuy ?, and walmart for grocery shopping .. < PROPFIRST > should be home soon :) 
(????•?) 
Me : Read < PROPFEMALE>'s status , it's so funny . Ranita : oh what is it ? Me : * Reads it aloud * Ranita : But a box of feisty crayons , aye ? Me : I know you're wearing green , but you're not an < PROPFEMALE > Leprechaun lmvo ! 
Change of plans ... no sleep + must go to church = sleep sleep after church ;) So much for anything else today ... 
Oooooooie ! He's so full of manure , that man ! We could lay ' em in the dirt and grow another one just like ' em ! 
Sore .. tired .. and fatigued but at least I exercised today . I am going to be so noodley tomorrow . 
So I'm still sore .. anyone have any advice for very sore and weak muscles ? I tried an Epsom salt soak and stretching and moving and rest ... but still hurtin ' . 
who knew planning a wedding in 3 months would be difficult ... .. ..... ..... lol i did but its a nice challenge anyway . 
Had a wonderful time at the Women of Faith event this weekend ! It was a great experience and I wish to go again and bring more people . \ 
\ 
Thank you to all the church ladies ( and to their supporting husbands ) for making it possible for me and others to go . Your fund-raising and hard work was well worth it . Great things were shared in those 2 days . It's wonderful being a Christian . Love you guys . 
What if that's what's happening ? :'( 
Had a great time with my peoples tonight . Celebrated Ranita's 17th for the last time lol Went to Macaroni Grille and ate too much good ( yet sooo bad ) food . Hope we can do it again soon ;] 
Looking forward to church tomorrow ( or this ) morning . 
So much for that . ' o ' 
Bridal shower this afternoon . 
Had a good time at my bridal shower today . It was really fun , albeit hectic . Thank you to everyone who came , and everyone who got < PROPFIRST > and I a gift ; it was very appreciated . To all who didn't come , I really missed you there and wish you would've came ; you missed all the fun . \ 
Praise the Lord for a great day and all the blessings in between . ;] 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I'm thankful for my husband to be , my family , my friends , and my church family . I'm in fair health and I can use my mind in endless ways , what's not to be thankful for ? I hope everyone has a great holiday weekend ; be safe and keep in mind what's really important . :] 
4 sleeps ' til the day ! 
Don't forget rehearsal is at 7:00 PM .. We maybe a little late =/ 
Couldn't sleep tonight .. diner dash 5 is too addicting , or maybe just diner dash in general :| .. going to wake up my love , maybe eat ' breakfast ' :o and then try to go to bed . At least it's Friday , right ..? =] 
Bed ?!? Lol , what was I thinking ?!? I haven't played ALL the Diner Dash free trials yet . Golly gee , ain't I swell ? lmao ( apron . lol ) 
It stinks when you need to call someone and can't find your phone :( What do I do now ? 
mmMMMmmMmm Blueberry pie ;) 
So very tired ... eyes are hurting a lot . 
What's the right thing to do ? 2 people have a job commitment . After a week person 1 stops doing their job . Person 2 continues their job for months . Person 2 tries to talk to person 1 , tries to fix the problem . How long should person 2 continue doing their job if their partner never does theirs ? 
How do you stray away from harmful things when they bring you happiness and fun ? 
I think < PROPFEMALE>'s bored lol 
Wish my peoples would get here sooner ... bored bored . eh , guess beggars can't be choosers . 
So what should I make for dinner at church on Wednesday ? Made BBQ chicken last week . 
If you want people to work for you , being inconsiderate isn't the way to go lol 
State Farm Commercial : \It's nice to trust your neighbors .. \ " \ 
It's always nice finding something you saved and forgot about . Found a gallon of sweet tea in my fridge that I forgot about and found a lemon I saved . \ 
? ? it's Big Ol ' Sweet Iced Tea ? ? ? 
Banana Pudding ;) 
Imagine if it was impossible to lie . The world would be exposed . Scary thought if you have something to hide . Everyone has secrets . 
Why do we use ' how are you ' as a greeting when most people don't truly care about the other person ..? I think more people use it because its just something nice to say when you first talk to someone . I'm not saying everyone doesn't care , but I do know some don't . I always want to know how some is feeling when I ask them how they're doing . Is it being nosey when you want people to tell you how they're feeling ? 
< PROPFIRST > set the speakers up ... My bedroom is a rave ;D it's all down hill from here . 
Toot it and boot it is a pretty sad song . Bragging about making people ( women in particular ) feel stupid . Do they have nothing better to sing about ? 
I'm pretty darn tired . 
The nasty monster of Florida heat has come to bring me back to warm reality : no matter how much the AC runs , my room is always going to be hot and uncomfortable . 
it's sucks when you're hungry and all you have is beans . Shopping needs to happen . 
I'm pretty bored and hungry .. don't know what to eat but I guess I'll go figure it out . 
Guess what's for dinner tonight and you get a free prize :D 
Getting a little worried . 
:( 
Just got up from a long nap .. at least I don't feel like there's an axe wedged in the center of my forehead . 
I'm bored ... wondering why I keep getting a headache despite the amount of Tylenol that I take . Body , please feel better . 
< PROPMALE > and I are about to make peace . Content and happy will be my description soon . Let's not wait , but no need to rush . Fun fun , who's with me ? Too bad teleportation isn't popular .. I'd enjoy it .. utilize it often . Alright , fine , I'm ready . What did I say , don't rush me . Lol 
Whewwwheeee , where's my company ? Lone long too far . 
There's something about you that I have hope in ; it's rare ... I haven't seen it much . I'm hoping I can use this opportunity to learn from . You've already earned some admiration and respect of mine , and that's not always easy . I have good ideas for you ; you could do some great things . I'll have faith instead of choosing to fear disappointment . 
What do you need prayer for ? 
If someone cloggs a toilet , knows about it , lets someone else use it , someone who doesn't know it's clogged , should the poor unknowing person have to clean up the mess ? 
IF YOU HAVE A < PROPFEMALE > WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , STUCK UP FOR YOU , BEEN CRAZY WITH YOU , HUGGED YOU , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , DRIED YOUR TEARS , PICKED YOU BACK UP , CHEERED YOU ON , MADE YOU STRONG , AND IS SOMEONE YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT COPY AND PASTE IT TO YOUR STATUS .. I LOVE MY < PROPFEMALE > . We're not sisters but it doesn't matter . 
Anyone have a remedy for center back pain ? Feel so beat up every morning . 
That's it . I'm done . We just can't do it anymore . I'm too stressed and it's just not working . Sorry if I disappointed you . 
So feeling hopeless has turned into feeling guilty about feeling hopeless . I guess if I break , it doesn't matter . 
Why stir the pot of drama ? What's the point of knowingly/intentionally twisting words in order to get someone upset ? Because you can and don't care ? Hurting others : awesome hobby ... NOT . :( Find something new to do please , I beg of you . 
Anyone tried the LG Optimus ? 
Having trouble being sleepy . Tired but not sleepy ... making starting sleep difficult . 
Let's see how honest my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the FOURTH letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be one word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy ..... I want to comment you back ;] 
LMEO ! Guess who's black ? Good to know , let's go dwarfing ! 
Oh no ! My husband has been captured by naughty little bears ! What's a wife to do ? 
http://heartsandbubbles.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/naughty-bear.jpg 
Has a new phone ! 
Kinda tired ... Need to bed soon . 
Who knew researching phone accessories was so extensive ??? at least I'm not shopping for 3 people . 
Gosh I'm tired . I don't know if I should nap or just pull a all-night-all-dayer .. 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > n jakes house . Havin ' fun with my new toy ! 
Getting ready for our church fair . Come out if you want good fun , good company , and good food / games . Procedes go to fund our pastor's cornea transplant . 
Today didn't go that great but it was okay . Thanks to those to helped . Maybe next year we can come together and make it better . \ 
I feel crappy but at least I'm home now . 
Well , that grilled stuft burrito was pretty disappointing ; wasn't nearly as good as it usually is . Either someone at TB is having a bad day or they just don't care . 
Hey lovely Android users , what are your favorite apps ? I'm looking for just about anything useful , and maybe games if they're super cool . 
Pretty tired .. 
Learned something new . 
What should I make for dinner tomorrow at church , it's our last time ( for a while ) . \ 
On a side note , I feel really bad right now :( hope I feel better tomorrow . 
I am proud to be from the South -where Tea is sweet and accents are sweeter , Summer starts in April , Front porches are wide and words are long , Macaroni and Cheese is a vegetable , Pecan pie is a staple .. Y’all is the only proper pronoun , chicken is fried and biscuits come w/ gravy .. Everything is Darling and Someone is always getting their Heart blessed .. Repost this if you're Southern to the bone ! 
Just started the netflix free trial . It seems like an awesome service if you only like movies or certain TV shows . I wonder if any of the shows I watch on OWN or NGW is on there ... If so , I may never need satellite or cable again . 
About to watch < PROPMALE > Button with my < PROPFEMALE > . :D movies , games , sweet tea , a comfy couch , and best of all someone special and sweet to cuddle with . 
On the way to Torpedo and Tank's house to < PROPFEMALE > . : ] 
At chili's with my love , on a date to end a pretty great day . ;] 
