Has now moved back in the dorm and going to see theater later tonight ! 

Had a great time on Sunday !!!!! 
Is Excited to be in Chicago !!! Yeah I love it Here !!! 
is wondering about life 
Had a great time but wished I didn't wear a dress for the parade ! 
Can't wait for fireworks !!! I have not been back for a 4th of July for two years !! Yeah I am in the USA this year !!! 
Is excited because the shelter got some adorable little puppies !! 
does not know what to do today 
Is now back in Iowa ... I miss the ocean !! 
thinks more people should come in to the Clarke animal shelter and look at the animals and perhaps adopt one or two of them 
gets to < PROPMALE > a dog for a night !! 
IS going out into the < PROPMALE > to fight the forces of EVIL !!! 
I hate that I can not use my last name for facebook ! 
Well my last name looks weird but at least it is on facebook now 
i can not wait for school to start ! I just hope that I can try to sing and play my trumpet a litttle 
is just realizing that I am going to be all alone in a couple of days . I am the last person to leave for college . 
is excited for the thursday !!!! Is also ready to get out of Osceola but not till the 29th ... 
OMG just realized that college will begin and I will be loaded down with homework !! AHHHHHHHHHHH 
I did a great job singing the National Anthem and a bonus i got paid 
It is my last day at my house before college , last home cooked supper ( I sure hope DePaul food is good ) last time to pet the cat ( meow I will miss the cat ) But do not worry I will return in Thanksgiving and one day in september . So you might think you are getting rid of me but I will return wahaha 
is at college and ready for classes to start i think 
Had a great first day of college !!! 
Homework all done !!! Now time to explore the City !!! 
IS now going to watch I love you man at the sac yeah free movie and popcorn !! 
IS now finally going to get her pass to ride the trains and busses all year long 
what to do on a beautiful chicago day 
Is going to 2nd city and eating with friends :) 
Got up is now going to church i am so dedicated 
is now back in the dorm room wandering what movie to watch 
Is getting ready for my first theater class !!! 
Has finished first day of classes one of the classes scares the hell out of me but the others are great !! 
Just saw High Fidelity and loved it . Love Chicago !!! 
Had a great time listing to live opera and playing cards with friends 
umm wondering if I should try rugby ??? What do you think 
Had a great time at church with two amazing guys ! that are fabulous ... 
love rugby but in soooooooo much pain !!! 
I am in so much pain from rugby and yet I am going to go work out again and try to run three < PROPMALE > . Why do I do this to my self ? 
Is ready to go to the amazing class of introduction to production 
Home and homelessness is a good class and I love that it starts at 1:00 and is the only class I have today 
Yeah my weekend has started !!!! No class till Monday !!! 
Had a great time at my first gay wedding !!!! It was so beautiful it almost made me cry . I love gay weddings 
Still loving the wedding and wish I could have one ! I love gay weddings !!! 
Ok now back to the real world of quizzes and school . I like the gay world better ! 
quizzes quizzes and more quizzes , I am so glad I do not have any classes on Tuesday . 
First rugby game saturday , wish me luck !!!!! 
Crap I think I did something to my ankle last practice . this is not a good sign . 
Only rolled my ankle , as for my chest pain I am taking very heavy steroids yeah ! I hate inflamed cartilage !! 
Yeah I got done with Script !!!!! 
Class , rugby , choir practice , and homework here I come ready or not . 
Has just got done with her home and homelessness class and thinks that it went well . 
Yes now the weekend has begun !!!!! 
Is tired from the day but can't wait for friday 
Can't Wait For My First RUGBY GAME !!!!! 
I survived my first Rugby game !!!!! 
Has just got done with my homework !!!!! 
Yeah it is my birthday !!! Thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday :) 
Broadway musicals of the 20th century ahh an afternoon all to my self no roommate to bother me . I love Avenue Q 
Class homework church rugby it is a busy day . 
Yes Home and homelessness !!! I like this class yeah 
Crap I think I am getting sick :( 
Just woke up and wrote a 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper now going back to bed 
Has just gotten skype and AOL umm 
Is now watching < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
Is getting ready for my 2nd rugby game !!!! We play NIU Lets hope we walk away with no injuries :) 
Is tired and sore but over all pretty good . 
Is ready to go to Introduction to Production !!!!! 
Just got killed in liverpool rummy < PROPFEMALE > you stuck !!!!! 
is watching a interesting movie ... 
Is ready for rugby practice !!!!! 
Has learned how to tackle people better !!! 
Has just gotten back from the gym , and in one hour going back for swing dancing !!!! Ahh workouts 
It is raining !!! and it is cold ... but at least it is not snowing 
I need to do my homework but I do not want to ... 
need to do homework ... ok I can do this . Get this done now so no work on Saturday ! Homework here I come ready or not !!! 
Is getting ready for game day !!! Rugby here I come !!!! 
Is alive and ready to go out to the theater tonight !! 
is back from church and had an amazing time . They sang and Avenue Q song for National Coming Out Day !!! 
Is think about life's questions 
Today is a busy day and I am determined to get turnitin.com to work !!! 
Feels better about the day but still has a Dr. appointment :( 
Is very mad because I can not play rugby for one week !!! Dr. said I have to take one week off and rest , I do not like this 
I have an Avenue Q song stuck in my head 
Is thinking about everything I have to do today 
Is thinking about what I should do today ... I think I will see a play ! 
I am waiting for food and am hungry !!! 
Needs to read Hamlet but has no time ... have just been scolded by a friend 
Homework homework and more homework 
Is working on homework and thinking about life 
Is finally getting ready for bed 
Is sad that home and homelessness is over with , ahh a lot of good memories in that class 
But also happy that my Thursdays have opened up :) i have mixed feelings 
misses playing my trumpet and wishes I was in band at DePaul 
I think I have found a band to join , I have also found a marching band !!!!! Yes !!!!! 
Pillowman is amazing !!!!! Everyone should come see it ... but it is for mature audiences only , wow I feel like an advertising ( p.s lights are amazing :) 
So much for my college diet ... ice cream is so tempting don't do it ice cream stay away 
Is wondering if homework will ever end 
Just got back from The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show !!!! It was amazing !!!!! 
Can't wait until the day is over so I can sleep !!! I love my classes but I am so tired 
Is so excited that I might be able to go to church tonight !!! 
Had a great time a church choir and was so glad to see all of my church friends !!!!!! I missed church !!! 
Is at Pillowman and can't wait for it to start !!!!! I love it !!!! 
Is having an amazing time with < PROPFIRST > and wishing this weekend would last longer 
Has an amazing time at church today and was very happy to see that < PROPMALE > was ok !!!!! I love church !!!!!!! 
What happens at Melrose stays at Melrose ! :) I love church nights ... I love you all 
Is going to clean my room becuase I have a prospective student !!! 
is in love with GLEE !!!! 
had a great time tonight at Pillowman !!! 
Had a great time with my prospective student !!!!! 
is one paper away from finishing the quarter !!!!!! So close to being break !!!! 
What is love ? 
Almost done with the quarter !!!! 
Just realized that I will be heading home on Monday ! But also realized that I will miss all my friends in chicago ! I will miss Broadway United Methodist Church I love you guys there !!! and DePaul Friends what will I do with out you !!!! 
Is going to go to bed early tonight so I will be ready to go to church ! I am dedicated 
Is going home today after some amazing weeks in Chicago !!!! I will miss you big city !!! 
Had an amazing time seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! I love the Addams Family !!! 
Loves being back at the Animal Shelter but misses Chicago a lot and wants to be back . I am so torn I like being home but miss the big city life . 
Is super excited to work at the Civic Center again !!! I can't wait till Tuesday !! 
Hey does anyone need an ID tag for your pet ? I have some for sale and the tag would also help the animal shelter . They can also be used as a tag for luggage 
I feel so confused and feel very sad and don't know what to do . 
Had a great time at Iowa City !!!! < PROPFIRST > your friends are amazing !!! 
I have a love hate relationship with Snow !!! Love it becuase it is fun to play in and to attack people , hate it because driving in it sucks !!! 
Is in Chicago and Loves it and does not want to come home becuase here I have two dogs that I can be with !!!! I love the people that are hosting me and will miss all of my friends in Chicago !!! I love you broadway people 
I miss Chicago already ... but I think I am going to visit my mothers class room tomorrow umm what shall I do I think I will give them cookies and them leave them with my mother with the sugar rush . 
Just saw Mr. Peters !!! yeah I missed him . 
Has a busy saturday . I just wish one thing on my ajenda was not there at all . I think the realization of it all has finally gotten to me . ( funeral ) 
Has just gotten done with church ... now going to take a well deserved nap 
Goodnight ! Sleep tight going to bed early tonight ! ( Yawn ) 
Is going to the Dr. today :( 
Can't wait until < PROPFIRST > Kimbals amazing party !! 
Happy New Year Everyone !!! 
In love with < PROPMALE > Lane ... ahh I love that man . 
Is now going to sleep after taking pain pills . Ahh the magic of relief ( do not worry I will not abuse it ) 
It getting better at getting up early . Yes 8:30 is early for me haha I know some people are already in school ... ( mom ) 
I love my LGBT class !!!! It is so amazing and I am learning so much !! 
Is now going to do homework all day until it gets done . and then work out ... yay ? 
Has just gotten done with classes and now will start the homework process . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer !!!!!! 
Has just heard very sad news that made me cry . The Clarke County Animal Shelter has become a kill shelter and have already started killing . 
If people think this is wrong then we should tell the animal shelter board and revolt against them !!! 
Has a a interesting weekend so far . Yes my weekend starts on Friday . 
My class got cancelled ... I like this class ... o well more time to sleep 
My friends and I have started to start LSD ... Lightsaber Duelists . We are starting a club that will be devoted to lightsaber fighting . 
I love college and my friends !!!! 
Don't buy drugs ! Become a pop < PROPFEMALE > and they give you them for free !!! \Love Actually Quote \"" 
loves her lovely wifey < PROPFEMALE > Stepp . 
I am ashamed about what I did for klondike bar ... I don't even like klondike bars ... 
Being Gay is Being Green ... we are just trying to help with over population . \quote from class today\ " I love my teacher !! " 
\To be or not to be that is the Question\ " Hamlet " 
Let's Go Fly A Kite ... Wait no it is to cold ... 
I love the books < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Olympians !! I am so addicted . :) 
Just had the best hug ever !!!!!! 
Watching the Olympics !! 
and doing homework ... yeah papers and multitasking 
Is had an amazing time at U-hall !!! 
Is now doing homework and watching ice skating !!! 
is tired but happy and doing homework . 
Had an amazing performance today in theatre studies !!!! We Kicked Butt !!!!! and < PROPFIRST > I love you !!! 
has had a couple of amazing days so far ... but now homework is coming after me .... 
No homework go away . Finals is a killer . 
Three papers , and one final to go . Then I am free until crew starts . 
One more paper to go ... 
I am finally done with all of my papers . I feel so free . I can't wait till crew starts because now I can enjoy it , instead of worrying about homework . 
What is something most adults do that seems really silly to you ? 
Loves my crew assignment !!! 
Thinks everyone should see the show I am on crew for . Haroun and the Sea of Stories 
Can't believe spring break is almost over ! 
Hey how did I meet all of my friends on facebook ? Write and remind me on how we met please 
Is back home in Iowa and is enjoying the quiet . But is is kind of weird having this much quiet , I am used to loud cars and city life .. ah small town Iowa 
Is back in Chicago !!! 
Thinks everyone who can should come to Haroun and the Sea of Stories tomorrow at 10:00 am ! It is a great show !! 
Is very tired and can not get to sleep or have the motivation to get the rest of my homework 
Has had a very good day and has had the most amazing waffles !!! 
yay sleep !! Goodnight 
Has signed up for classes next year !!!! 
May the 4th be with you !! 
Can't wait for Glee !!!!! I am addicted .... 
Is very happy that the temperature is 60 but worried it will not get to 70 .... I want air conditioning 
Just had a great home-cooked meal !!!! I love green bean casserole !!!!!! 
Just got done with my workout and ran 3 < PROPMALE > in under 30 < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Yay 
Had a great time at the Civic with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Humm what should I do today !? Anyone have ideas ? besides doing homework ... 
Just had a person tell me I remind them of a manager they hate ... ( mlia ) There manager is Purto Rican I am from Peru ... ah 
Homework here I come !!!! 
Is tired ... I can't wait until I can be in my bed sleeping again . 
Yay nap time !!! 
Is now working on homework and trying to figure out what to do for performance workshop 
Ran 2 < PROPMALE > in 17:22 !!!!! Yeah I almost died but I felt great after words ! 
Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to come !!!! YAY 
< PROPFIRST > is HERE !!!!!!! Who wants to give her a big DePaul welcome :) ... who is in ? 
Can't figure out what is the world I am supposed to be critical about in the PHY response 
Is now going to relax and go to bed . Yay end of day 
Yay going to choir , but this cold sucks . 
I want to go to the Aquarium ... but I am in the library instead .... not getting much done ... must work , must work ... 
I don't want to do finals work but I will have to start if I want to pass spring quarter . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller's master !!!!! 
IS < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller MASTER !!!!!! 
Is getting ready to tackle the last few papers I have left before summer break ! 
Is done with my first year of college !!!!!! 
YES Chicago won the < PROPMALE > Cup !!!! Yeah Party time Chicago !!!! 
So after the Hawks won on my way back to my room everyone was honking car horns , yelling and screaming that the hawks won !! It was a fun walk screaming GO CHICAGO !!!! 
Is now back in Iowa 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a great time at Iowa's Gay Pride Parade !!!!! 
feels like a complete nerd because I just watched walking with dinosaurs !!! and now moving on to watching walking with prehistoric beast !!!! 
had a great time today at < PROPFIRST > Sullivans bridal party !! and seeing her new puppy ! 
just passed a tractor heading down main street ! LOL Iowa life 
Yay Alvar D . Calderon is coming to visit me this 4th of July !!!! 
Woke up at 7:00 this morning to work at the shelter !!! I feel accomplished getting things done before noon !!! 
Just watched a scary movie !!! Nightmare on elm street ... now I am going to watch a happy movie !!!! 
Is off to Des Moines for the farmers market and < PROPMALE > festival !!! \ 
wow it is early but must beat hot weather !! 
It's true !!! 
Getting really excited for july 1 !!!!! 
Well Alvar D . Calderon is coming tomorrow !!!! I can't wait !!! then on July 1 < PROPFIRST > Sullivan is coming into town !!! any other people want to join the party !? 
Today cleaning , mowing the lawn :( washing windows , and dusting\ 
but at approximately 8:00 it will all pay off !!! So excited ! 
Alvar D . Calderon is here in Iowa and I am having a great time with him ! next stop on his Iowa tour will be my grandparents farm ! 
Is at the farm and having a great time ! Drove the new lawn mower !!! Woo 
Yay 4th of July ... sad it is raining :( 
Yeah hopefully a great night tonight with friends !!! 
Is having a good 4th of July and having a great day with Alvar D . Calderon 
umm what to do today ? 
Is going to go to Toy Story 3 tonight !!! Yeah childhood !!! 
You can do it < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller !!! Show that cube who is boss !!!! 
lol I have now gotten < PROPFIRST > obsessed with the Rubics Cube !! My Evil Plan Has Worked !!!!!!! \ 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAA 
umm what should I do for the rest of the day ? Walk and play on the playground sounds like a good idea . 
is on another persons computer !! 
can climb a pole !!!! Yay I did it in one try !!! 
can't get to sleep ! 
made an amazing rainbow cake !!!!!! It was epic ! 
Cats are everywhere !!! 
Why can I never fall asleep when I want to ? So much for a good night sleep ... 
Just had a great day today climbing poles and going to the movies with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! Now what to do tomorrow ? 
Went into Toys R Us couple of days ago and found the toys Wood , Buzz and RC had a mini freak out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller !!! I love Toy Story !! 
Is now at Alvar D . Calderons house and having a great time ! 
Is back in Iowa ! 
has been worn out by playing with a 5 year old 
Is officially employed part time !!!!! 
Went to the Iowa State Fair !!! I had my yearly food on a stick and fair rituals ! Yay 
Never realized how hard watching 6-7 year olds was , and with out a plan :o 
Had a great day at the Civic Center and happy in my future career choice . Theater for Young Audiences 
Yay I am helping with Clarke Marching band at 7:30 in the morning !!! \ 
Wow I am a extreme band nerd or extremely bored I will let you pick ... 
Is home and feels sick :( I hope I get better before college starts . 
Is felling better but can't believe how fast Friday is coming up !!!! 
Is going to Chicago tomorrow !!!!!! SO excited and realizes that I have to clean my room ... yay ? 
Is moved into my room !!!! 
Is having a great time at college right now !!! 
Had a good first day of classes and hopes that tomorrows classes will be just as great . 
Going to bed early so i won't be tired for my 8:00 class 
Yay it is my weekend and tomorrow I am going kayaking !!!! I love Chicago !!! 
:( homework 
is studying for a spanish test . 
Is sick :( by my mom is here so I feel like I am at home . 
Has just spent an Evening with Sutton < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
Is working on a four < PROPFEMALE > paper that is due tomorrow ! crap 
Thank you all for wishing me a Happy Birthday ! It means a lot . I hope to have a great birthday watching Glee !!! 
went shopping and for some strange reason set off the alarm for every store i went into . so confused 
Spanish test here I come . :( GULP 
Life is like a box of chocolates ... 
Is in Iowa 
Is back in Chicago !!!!! 
thinks whipped cream , strawberries , chocolate is amazing !!!!! 
Ran 3.1 < PROPMALE > today !!!!! 
can't wait for BLUE MADNESS !!!!!!! 
is doing homework and can't stay awake ... 
is going to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tonight !!!!! 
Just got done playing in Pep Band !!!! Women's team won 112 to 52 i think we were amazing !!!! 
is working on my speech I will give tomorrow ... ahh procrastination 
Voted today !!! But still ticks me off that the judges are loosing . Iowa I used to think that you were state that cared about peoples rights . 
is tired but going to go to choir practice 
did not go to choir practice because 1 < PROPFEMALE > after walking it started to hail . :( 
yeah got all my homework done ... for Monday .... yeah 
is trying to figure out what I should write my 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper on .... ummm 
finished my paper at 2 in the morning ... went to class ready to hand in my paper .... then realized that it was not due till next week ... 
my wife knows everything ... my wife doesn't know ....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
umm wonders if I can do an AD job this winter and do an internship at the same time ... I really need a magic 8 ball ! 
Just found a route that is 27 < PROPMALE > around Osceola !! When I get back who wants to walk a marathon ?? Don't worry it will only take 7 or 6 hours ... :) 
just saw Striker and thought is was very good . The sound was amazing < PROPFEMALE > Sokol 
Finals week !! AHHHHHH Welcome to hell week !!! 
homework why do sneak up on me with more work ? 
Homework homework and more homework ! Ahh finals week 
DePaul Women's Basketball is AMAZING !!! WE won tonight by one point !!! \ 
I love being a Blue Demon !!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was so good !!!! I loved it and want to see it again and again and again !!! So when I get back to Iowa who wants to see < PROPMALE > Potter ? 
two more papers left and less than 12 hours to finish them !!!! 
I am finally done with Fall Quarter !!!! Now all I have to do is turn the papers in and catch the 9:30 bus back home . 
Is back in Iowa !!! < PROPFIRST > we must have lunch or dinner or movie party tomorrow !!!!! 
is back in Chicago !!!!!!!! 
it is freezing on the megabus !!!!!!!!! This is going to be a very long 6 hours :( 
Is back in Iowa and learning my adding again !! 
is going to school tomorrow !! 
Is waking up really early tomorrow ... 7:30 in the morning ... going to go to school and teach the kids about microscopes ... this should be interesting ... YEAH SCIENCE \ 
after school I will be teaching the science of sleep 
Is at Alvar's house !!! 
Is back in Osceola ! 
Is getting ready for a 12 hour Marathon of Lord of The Rings with Morgan ! \ 
We start at 5:00 in the morning and plan to get done by 6 !! Lord help us get up at 5 !!! 
We did IT !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller and I watched the whole entire LORD OF THE RINGS TRILOGY extended version from 5:00 in the morning to 4:40 in the afternoon !!! \ 
SO Tired but still going to go to evening church service\ 
but ... might fall asleep ... I really really hope it is a short service .... 
is at the farm !!!!! YAY 
is back in Chicago !! 
So early getting up ... woke up at 6 .... now it is nap time !!!!! 
ahhh so much stuff to do !!!!!! 
Work work work work .... and more work .... 
What is with this new zodiac thing !!! I don't like it and will not believe it !!!!! 
is almost done with the website !!!! 
can't get to sleep ... my sleep pattern is crazy !!!!!! 
Had a great Monday and hopes the rest of the week is great !!! \ 
The only thing I would change would be no more ice !!!!!! 
Looking at apartments ... day dreaming what could be ... I might day dream a lot .... 
Is starting to work on training for a marathon that will hopefully run in the fall ... This is going to be fun !!! 
Well I am really doing this Marathon thing . I just registered for running the half marathon on September 11 , 2011 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Training here I come !!!!!! 
Jump drive at maximum ! \ 
-Alvar 
It's snowing !!!!! I have the day off from school tomorrow !!!!!!!!! It might be the biggest snow storm in Chicago History !!!!! 
Yeah 3 mile run today !!!!!!! Or 1 hour of cross training that will be swimming !!!! 
So it turns out that mens track practices every time I want to go on the track ... so I only got to run 1.3 miles :( 
Very tired and feel sick :( no run today ... :( well this is not cool .... 
Ran 3 < PROPMALE > today and got an amazing massage ! 
Ran 5 < PROPMALE > in 52 < PROPFEMALE > today !!!!! I feel great !!!! 
Ran 3 < PROPMALE > today and feel great ! Really need that run to get out stress 
Just ran 4 < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
but it was really really windy .... that kind of sucked 
Is going to try and run outside today ..... outside bring it !!!!!! 
Well weather you did bring it on with your wind , snow and waves . But I still defeated you and ran all the way to the Shedd Aquarium !!!!!! Ha I win this time !!! 
Hopefully going to run a 3 mile run today ! It should be a piece of cake from my last run .... 
Just ran 3 < PROPMALE > !!!!! Feel pretty good still really sore but o well 
just ran 7.99 < PROPMALE > and is now dead tired ... homework nooooooo 
Is on the East Coast !!!!! So excited to go and play for the DePaul Women !!!!!! 
Well is locked out of the building .... I really need to remember my keys ... but on a good note I have started writing my paper while I wait in the lobby it is a decent place to study 
To all of my Broadway friends it was great seeing you on Sunday !!! I have missed all of you so much and it was great being back in a place that feels like home . 
Yeah homework !!!! 
So tired and still one more paper that I have to write and it has to be perfect !!!!!!!! 
Just watched a scary movie i am going to have nightmares : 0 
Found spider in my room !!!!! On my bed !!!!! Thank god < PROPFEMALE > came and killed it 
Back in Iowa until next Sunday !!!!!! Iowa get ready for havoc !!!!! 
Had an amazing day at school !!! Theme park theatre was AMAZING !!!!!!!! 
is sick ... :( feel horrible 
still feel sick and getting a Doctors appointment tomorrow ! 
went to the doctor and all they gave me was pain pills .... not happy 
Alie Schoening-876 views \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Hill-676 views \ 
< PROPFIRST > Harriman-576 views \ 
< PROPFIRST > Purtle-345 views\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Xiong-226 views \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Fisk-76 views \ 
\ 
You 5 view my Profile the MOST according to the Official FB PROFILE VIEWS APP . Check yours at http://ho.io/profileviewers 
Hey anyone watching the < PROPMALE > Wedding this morning ? If you are I am too . And if you would like to join me you are most welcome to !!! I have a tv in my room and will be watching this historical event !!! 
work work work and o hey more work .... 
Yeah I am half way done with my board book !!!! I think ..... 
Had a great 3 mile run to day with my group ! 
Is in love with One Theatre World !!!!! I having so much fun and meeting so many people !!! 
Had an Amazing time at One Theatre World . Now it is sleeping time !!!! 
Been delayed in Seattle ... for two hours 
Just got back from Oprah and still amazed . So many people my mind is blown 
So much homework for finals . But I got quite a bit of it done at the beach 
Yay studying !!!! Thank goodness today is a small work load . 
I thought studying in Starbucks would make me study more but all I want to do in people watch ... problem .... so many people ..... but must do homework ..... 
I think I have an audition tonight .... if I do I hope I do a okay job\ 
I would say break my own leg but that sound painful . 
Our the visual reference books due tomorrow ? < PROPFEMALE > Fisk , < PROPFEMALE > Gesine Bergmann 
We have internet !!!!! 
Does anyone have any carpet they don't want ? We are trying to get some kind of rug or carpet in our place because out landlord is freaking out that we might hurt the floor 
So today is going to be sleep , run , sleep , study , eat , write paper time ! I don't like finals but at least I don't have any tests only papers and presentations . 
Still working on my papers and design workshop final . Library date tonight !!!!! 
Pulled an allnighter tonight . I have been up since 1:00 pm yesterday afternoon . No naps and still have work to be done . So tired but can go to sleep at 1:00 pm later today . This is going to be a long day ..... 
5 hours before my last paper is due !!! and yet I am feeling alright about it so it should be fine I just need to take quick break .... like being on facebook posting this . Well looks like it is back to paper time !!!!! 
Moved in finally !!!!!! 
Almost done with organizing another hour and I will be < PROPFEMALE > !!! Then I can show people my room !!!! 
Is all done organizing my room and it is finally starting to feel like home !! \ 
School is over with and now an internship starts with my training for the marathon ! 
I will also be selling my body parts . What this means is that when I run for the Marathon I will write your name of one of my legs or arms . So when I cross the finish line so will your written name . 
What to do today ? Well a run ... and reading and something else 
It's raining !!!!!! 
Is going to explore the neighborhood !!!!! \ 
With Iain Collins !!!!!! 
Is going on an Adventure with Iain Collins !!! Then will go on a nice run !!!! When it gets cooler outside !!!! 
Getting ready for tomorrows 10 mile run !!!! Go T2 !!!!! 
Civic Center tomorrow ! Yeah work I love having a job of sorts . 
Well I am off to bed before the 12 mile run tomorrow !! Wish me luck that shall conquer the < PROPMALE > ! 
Had a great time at the GAY PRIDE PARADE !!!!!!! But now my feet are killing me and everything hurts from running and walking to the parade . 
%#(*$ missed the bus ... $(*&@# okay I feel better now . 
On my way to the bus !!!!! I am going to make it !!!! I will make it !!!!! 
Is on the bus !!!! Yeah back to Iowa for work . 
At the Farm !!!! So many fireflies !!! 
Did my two favorite things today !!! Mow the lawn and clean the gutters ... 
Just had a great stroll with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller around Osceola ... yes at 10:30 pm ! Well what else are we going to do in Osceola but the view was beautiful and the stars and fireflies were out tonight . 
Had a great week with the kids !! I only got tackled a few times and got a lot of pretty < PROPMALE > work from my kids . One more camp to go and I will be back in Chicago for good ! 
Loved the < PROPMALE > Potter movie and feels like my life like the characters is changing but for the better ! We all have to grow up ... but paying bills sucks !! 
Wait I take that back we don't have to grow up ... we just do a few grown-up things once and a while ... 
Everyone should watch Boiling down the issues !!!! and then comment on it on youtube . It is the 6th thing if you google it ! 
So I woke up today and found that my window is leaking ! 
On the bus !! The wi-fi decided to work for about 2 < PROPFEMALE > !!! Yay back to Iowa and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Miller you know what this means ....? Running and more boiling down the issues ! 
Wish me luck for tomorrows run ! I am going to need it i will be running 14-18 < PROPMALE > ! 
So I was doing really good until I hit the 10mile ... then my right knee started to hurt so I walked the rest of the 14 mile run ... and of course my other leg cramped up a little ... but I did 14 < PROPMALE > ! 
Also ice baths feel good , tingly , painful , torturous , and pure and utter evil . If you take one be ready for instant cold ... my mind did not know what to think it was like ahhh this feels good to what the ! *#(*$ are you doing ! 
Today was a great day of getting stuff done with the occasional nap ! 
Is going grocery shopping today !!! Yay for healthy food !!! and stuff that is not peanut butter ! 
Had a < PROPMALE > BAND NERD moment !!! I saw DCI in movie theatres !!! DCI = Drum Corps International !!! 
Right now Chillin at the farm ! Pretty cool going to < PROPFEMALE > with the cousins and setting fires ! Well burning trash at least . 
Got to burn trash !!!!! 
Take a look at your profile . The first 7 you see are you zombie survival team . \ 
Sidekick : < PROPFEMALE > Essig\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPMALE > Sullivan\ 
The idiot that survives : < PROPFEMALE > Aston\ 
Sniper : < PROPFEMALE > Roz\ 
The one that loses it : < PROPFIRST > Hoadley\ 
The brains : < PROPFEMALE > Baran\ 
The first to die : < PROPFEMALE > Sokol\ 
So in all reality of this fictional situation I think < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > would be switched . 
Well doing okay after the wisdom teeth removal !! ALL MY WISDOM IS GONE ! and all I am left with is pain ... so much pain ... thank god for drugs :) 
Hello sleep ... how are .... zzzzz 
Is having a great time in Chicago ! 
Hey playing heat refugee at my friends house in Chicago ! If I was at my house I would be 1 swimming in my own sweat , and drinking about a swimming pool of water every hour . I am also with a dog so it makes it even better ! 
First day of school and already a lot of homework !!!!! 
Almost at the 12 hour count down to the half marathon !!! Getting really excited !!! I have all my gear out and ready to go , supper order , good movie in , and an early bedtime . Half - Marathon Bring IT !! 
Had a great run today !!! and a pretty cool medal ! 
So I don't know why I am so sore . But I am treating myself to a massage !!! So excited !!!!!! 
Just ran 20 < PROPMALE > !!! 
and now in pain .. 
Just another day at the TTS ! Got to love it 
ahh design ! So much lighting and audience set ... being too much of a perfectionist ! Ummm is it ever to early to pull and all-nighter ? I think not ! 
While you were sleeping I ran 8 < PROPMALE > ! 
Well I just got to experience Niagara Falls in color ... not fun ... 
Thank you for everyone who wished me a happy birthday !!! 
