has nothing planned for the next 2 weeks . GO Crazy with me . 

is afriead of returning to school especially with that dumb rumor still around . help me 
My Birthday Is Coming Up ! December 19 ! 
Has Turned 17 ! 
If you ended 2010 single . Put this as your status , if someone inbox's you a heart they want to be with you in 2011 ? ( : 
My favorite April Fools is still 2007 
Is available tommrow but not the weekend , I'll be in laguna by then ... 
X_X 
I'm unfortunately going to be gone this weekend for family crap I dont want to participate in . 
Im heading to orange county for family crap , returning sunday afternoon . my cell number is on my < PROPFEMALE > if you wanna talk , please . 
Im so home/love-sick ... 
EARTHQUAKE 
talk please . 
home from mission valley . 
Mid Year Resolution : Smile more often 
burp 
I might participate in Improv tommorow after school . maybe 
Improv = Best After School Activity ever ! 
Saw Kick Ass , Worked up a sweat at grossmont and I have a new DS game 
not feeling like myself 
* crickets chirping * 
another session of improv . 
leave something here please . 
I miss improv , night , talk . 
Ive never been this bored since august . 
8 more shitastic weeks until freedom 
leave me a message 
My Sister is nothing but a bucket of Piss 
my weekend is surprisingly packed with ( Maybe someone coming over ) a ball game and a visit to horton plaza 
phew what a day , Im on fire . Horton Plaza Tommorow Hope to see < PROPFEMALE > . 
my head feels better . 
grumble grumble grumble 
I just got over one of the worst headaches I've ever felt all day . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MONKEY D . LUFFY 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5C6iizahDA\ 
\ 
FUNNY 
I had a bad day , some people can be nothing but a bucket of piss 
its a peaceful friday night , but its lonley ... 
I need to take a new picture ... 
afternoon nap ... 
My Sister is nothing but a bucket of piss 
I <3 Social Interview 
hold me . please 
finally have my cell back from my frikin sister 
My Sister is the Spawn of Cthulhu I Swear ! 
I want to be tagged :( 
please let there be improv tommorow ! I'll even dress fancy ! 
today could've been better 
fml 
yawn , I need someone to talk to 
I'm sick of Everything ! Just let it be next month already , fml ! 
another humbling day of school , 16 more to go , My heart can't take it anymore ... 
New Photo ! 
I need a hug ... a long and tight one ... 
fatigue ... 
I want someone to talk to ._. 
fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml 
School is bad for my self esteem 
I'm surprised with how much nintendo spilled at this year's E3 
gonna take a nap ... yall shoulda been at beaubiens 2nd period , free hot cheetoh puffs 
yawn 
Like this if you are not Employed at all 
._. 
if only this kind of wheather was around when the fair was in town 
another great year at comic con , pics soon 
comic con pics uploaded 
burden , so much burden help ... 
a blanket is not enough for a good nights sleep 
yawn ... 
I'm not even excited about becoming a senior . 
I regret every year of high school , especially when I was blind enough to join circle of friends , one more consecutive shitstorm to face 
somehow my mood is better 
Not excited for school to begin but at least I made it to Advanced Theater 
I DON'T HAVE A FIRST PERIOD ! 
I'm not a ghost damn it 
Would I make a good Officer Krupke ? 
I can't jump like a frog for the moment , but I can call and scream like one ! 
I BE AS REAL A SEADOG YOU'LL EVER MEET ! 
what a long week x_x just longing for someone right now 
It's too Hot , and the path to love is long and complicated ... FML 
feeling like crap again 
Im glad I got over a migrane relieving ! 
I want more Guild Wars 2 news Now ! 
I'm NOT going to homecoming . 
now playing < PROPFIRST>'s Epic Yarn , do not disturb 
First run of the Play done , 7 more to go , Im pooped , it better be cooler tommorow , 100 F is ridiculous for November . 
ow my head . 
MY SISTER IS AN ABOMINATION 
Family and Faculty suck ! fml 
I wish crane flies were extinct 
MY SISTER IS A DOUCEBAG ! 
tired , anxious , lonley 
Oshawott is Fricken ' Ugly 
Happy Black Friday ! 
PEOPLE ITS POKEMON PROFILE PICTURE MONTH DAMN IT ! 
someone please troll or harass my sister . she doesn't know how to mind her own business and treats me like an immature and dumb son of hers ( in other words like shit ) 
family sucks 
someone please troll my sister 
troll plz 1 619 823 8975 
REAL women HATE < PROPFIRST > Bieber 
Thanks all for the wishes ! glad to finnaly be 18 . but my heart as it always been , is still a broken piece looking for it's other half . 
I feel like such a joke 
Gimmie your Xbox Live Gamertags ! 
:( 
surprise surprise , Im sick too ... 
sneezing , shivering , sick , hold me 
flu 
it makes me frown to see that deviantarthas a good fraction of idiots ... 
anything Im missing in mr. Zauderer's class ? 
I'm a glutton . 
My Xbox Live gamertag is Yitsul , Add me 
