well the new year is upon us , may we hope that this one may be better thean the past and all those that preseded it 

finaley home from the river yay 
is dreading band tomarrow 
is going up to the river tomarrow :) 
school :( 
lost his voice and didn't kill his chops YAY !!!!!!!! 
Servived pre-auds yesterday :) 
I got 14th out of 24 at pre-auds :) 
just got a new gun yay ! :) 
has experieanced chrysalis and am happy that I'm flying with christ 
is off to the river yay !! :) 
I finaley put more picters on :) 
yay procrastanating im hopes of a snowday :) 
today was a verry long day :s 
Yay for P . A . ' s incompatence with snow :) 
thanks for all the birthday wishes :D 
is driving :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming down :) 
Are we having a snow day tomarrow ???? 
hates it when God decides to give him a good hard smack wile he's trying to wright a theme 
4 word was amazing :) 
Driving a car with a standard transmition in flip-flops is not fun :/ 
I finished my bookreport at a reasonable hour of the night\ 
I feel accomplished :) 
u know that it's time to quit when u utlast you'r tool 
i just played in my last concert at honesdale high school :S 
my confrerance is dead ..... 
Going without coffie today wasnt smart :S 
I have just wolked out of honesdale highschool for the last time 
I just had a bishop and 10 district superintendents drop by my house , at 9:30 , after they had gotten ice cream 
Honest for 24 hours . You can ask me any question(only in my inbox ) You have my FULL honesty . Put this as your status and see what questions you get 
Moving day 
Its only fitting that leaving honesdale he ciy water is brown 
On the water for firewoorks in a-bay 
School tour today 
Iron Man :) 
I just eat at a Ho < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
I passed my first two regents :) 
Fair Today :) 
Back from UNY CYM and a short stay at my grandparents 
Oh how I loved that area-all-state audition ; oh how I wish that they where that simple in Pennsylvania . ? 
SNOW :D :D :D :D ? 
I am rather honored to here that people dressed as lumberjacks for the day :D 
I get to go watch Norwich play Owego tonight\ 
this ought to be interesting 
I bove this half day of school and i am out by 9:50 \ 
i love NY 
I have somehow wound up at Stars on Ice with halfway descent seats ... 
This is the most clean-shaven I have been since school started ... It feels weird :( 
Spending the night in Oxford :) 
I go south for the weekend and come back to 18 inches of snow ; whats up with that ?? 
Winter Concert ... \ 
This will prove interisting 
Getting excused from three classes to go watch world cup skeleton races and sing before an awards ceremony ; I would call that a good day . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Sitting at home in Christmas suspenders , a hat knit just today , eating french-toast souffale , all wile watching Horton Hears a Who , with family all around ... It be Christmas after all . 
Oh to all , on this < PROPFEMALE > of the new year , may we look upon it with fresh eyes . See those troubles of the past melt into the pages of history and look upon what is here ; living the day for all its worth . 
Ice scatting for two hours .... PAIN .... \ 
Only fell six of seven times ... 
There is a Winter Storm Warning was issued and all that gets canceled is after school activities ... \ 
HOW !!! 
I just heard a story about my father being able to do a standing back-flip in college ... humm ... 
We have a snow day tomorrow :D \ 
Not because of snow , but rather because it is supposed to be -35 when we are going to school ... 
I must say ... Last night was the first time that I slept on a church pew ; at least the first time that I wasn't supposed to be listening to something ... 
I am moving again 
\We consider it really good form to collect all live ammo before we roast the cocoa beans \"" 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes :-D 
Who had the bright idea of making < PROPMALE > Burns effect on imovie :( 
I spent the afternoon today with six young ladies form Massena ... \ 
I wound up in more shops today then I have been since I moved here , the whole thing has left me oddly tiered ... 
So why is it that Minecraft is able to keep you glued to the computer with no idea how much time has gone by ? :( 
We just made ice cream on a snow day !! \ 
Perhaps its not the most logical thing , but ohh so good :) 
I still can't get over that a half day of school dismisses you at 9:50 ... It is nice :) 
Opening night for Pieter Pan went rather well ... Now just three more tries to get the flying , so all should be good :-D 
The show is finally over ... Nobody got dropped , it is now time to sleep . 
