Chillin with some home-bizzles , drama and shit . No worries ... Im still so fresha nd , so fresh N so clean , clean ! 

Was so ready to swing , but now is ready to sing about the state of our damn affairs all the good that it brings . Thats sarcasm ... 
Of course no ones on . Their all either stupid happy , happily stupid , or stupid hungover ... Raddle , even my stomach's kinda queasy , though that could be from breakfast . 
Some aspects of Hip-hop just wont change . The quickest way to get noticed is still to shit on another . Well ... I cant even knock it . It fuckin works . 
Takin a break from writing lyrics for a track by some dude named Citizen < PROPMALE > . Going to ( Hopefully ) get a shake to ease the Vox and ( definately ) watch Hustle and Flow for the flying fuck of it . 
Worst time for a sore throat really ... I was gonna write and record today . Song for Citizen < PROPMALE > and too more occapella that he can mix and master on his own time . Guess thats not happening today . 
Must ... Fall ... Asleep ! Just ... Stop ... Thinking ... and pass out already damnit ! 
Gonna get my Title shot , but first , Practice at the Dozers 
Gonna be going to VEGAS soon . Either tonight or Tommorow . 
So after careful consideration , Im going to be leaving for Vegas tommorow around 3:00 PM 
IM BACK IM BACK IM BACK IM BACK IM BACK !!! 
Transformers 2 was fuckin awesome . Great goddamn movie . Optimus Prime was fuckin tight ... damn . 
grrr ... That shit bothers me , but im not gonna say anything . Its a fruitless quest no matter how tempting the tree may seem . Nothing will come of that which ignores you . sometimes you just have to face the facts that your time has past and its not coming b 
So annoyed with these goddamn facebook games , scores and shit everywhere . Go to the homepage , check if anything interesting happened in my friends lives . Lets see .... nope ! Just more scores . Reamrkably , unimaginably ... uninteresting . 
Today is Mayhem Fest and it shall be EPIC !!! Goin with a bunch of friends ( only way to go yo ) and were gonna have a blast . Got Monday set up as a recuperative day so dont bother me monday lol . Love , Hate and Heavy Metal ! 
MY IM'S NOT WORKING !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is my Spiritual Guuru lol 
I feel so damn aggressive but I cant figure out why !!!?? 
I CANT FIND MY PHONE ( which isnt really a phone , more of a contacts book , which is more important ) DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE IT IS !?!?! Did I leave it at Shannondorfs house ?? 
Workin on my World of Darkness story . In every fuckin sense of the goddam words .... OH ITS HAPPENING ! 
POOL KICKAGE AT AARONS HOUSE !!! MOVE YOUR FUCKIN ASSES IF YOU WANT TO GO !!! 
I am obscenely bored ... I thought I could sleep the rest of the day away and I was wrong . All my friends are relatively busy or I cant get a hold of them for some reason or another ... 
I made my own quiz . Its awesome ! Take it !!! 
FUCKIN CM PUNK .. Bastard had to go beat < PROPMALE > in a match where the loser leaves the WWE . Its not fuckin fair ... < PROPMALE > is high risk , High Reward , and Punks just that , a fuckin jackass . Now I have to hear his shit and there probably wont be someone to stop him really . Edge needs to come back ... At The very least , The Undertaker should put that punk fuck back in his place but thiers no guarantee ... Damnit . 
Gonna go SEE GAMER with < PROPFEMALE > baby girl ! Then play some games with homies and induct them into a world that is very special to me ... my world ... of Darkness ... 
im loookin forward to WOD tommorow . err , today 
trivium and Cannibal corpse tomorrow . Slipknot at the smoked out tour down the line ! 
YO DOZER !! GUESS STRAIGHT EDGE PUSSIES CANT BEAT THE CHAMPION OF DARKNESS MOTHERFUCKER !!!! Sorry punk , the Tombstone ends EVERYBODY ! and in case anybody gives a shit , < PROPFIRST > ORTONS THE FUCKIN CHAMP AGAIN !!! FUCK YEAH , and at Bragging rights , if he beats Cena in a no DQ match , no more cena on RAW , which is sad , but still ... Fuck yeah Legend Killer . 
I'm defessus of expers quis EGO cant have quod quis EGO have vindicatum Volo alius . 
??? the ????? s ???????? ?? ????? ????? apart . ???? ??? ???? is ??????????. IS ??? ???? ???? ?? ?????!? ??? ????? ???? , ???? ?????? ???? ????! 
Gah ... damnit . 
Watching shipuuden is fuckin awesome ! Just to watch Naruto train , its fuckin cool to learn shit about techniques that ive taken for granted all this time , and I realize that its taken other Shinobi their whole lives to do what The main characters have accomplished in 15 years . I'm too stoked to sleep and I KNOW I havent even gotten to the greatest parts yet . PEACE ! 
Its fuckin raining ... THATS AWESOME !!! 
well wouldn't it all be lost in the Saturdays of our youth ? 
My descent is the story of every man . I am HATRED , DARKNESS AND DESPAIR ! 
Cant wait for some WOD later on today . a little pissed that I wasnt invited to go see Paranormal activities , but whatever . Ill make up for it by whoopin ass on some Hollows ... 
How dare they deny me my Happy fuckin Aquarium ... 
poor gregory ... lol 
im so so damn tired . I slept well , sorta , and at the very least I slept in soo .... GRR . 
The bounds of friendship are tested when sides are chosen ... 
GOD MY FUCKING HEAD HURTS ... Mighty Slipknot was mighty but fuck ... all the goddamn smoke and posturing assholes I can stand . I cant get wait to get my ' Byss back . I need some classic , non head clouding , possibly video game jamming kickage plus at bare fuckin minimum ... 9 more hours of sleep on top of the ( hopefully ) 4 and a half ill be getting tonight ... 
Oh . I almost forgot . I also would like some much needed loving back rubs from my sexy sweetheart and < PROPFEMALE > , Frost . :) Hugs and cuddling too . I dont think ive ever needed it more . Guess the kickback's gonna consist of half gaming , half recuperation .... 
Halloween Party was chill . Got < PROPFEMALE > kick it , blaze a big ass fire , have my < PROPFEMALE > and best friend there , even though there's always a little of negativity ( there always is at any of our social gatherings lol ) hopefully by morning , It wont matter enough to truly fuck up the memory . Good gathering guys ! Give yourselves a big round of ... Whatever the fuck you give yourselves big rounds of these days lol 
My fuckin throat is murder . im drinkin Alka-seltzer water and blastin lugies once a minute . GRRR . Why me and why now ! I just got over being sick and I havent done shit . Ive been eating ok , and resting enough . and then you have to target the OTHER source of my ego , my voice ... Thats just uncool God . Bad Form . 
I just discovered the wonders of Garageband and it took me straight back to Highschool when I was at the peak of my Nu-Metal stage lol . So Naturally , after RE-learning all the kinks and tricks , I set to making the most offensive song me and Abyss could come up with , which , for legal and friendship breaking reasons I cannot share with most of you . 
but when Abyss wakes up and he lays down his 16-20 bars tommorow , the song shall become complete ... Im fuckin stoked . I sense a multi-platinum bullshit album coming on lol 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY GIRL !!!! 
Trying to figure out what to do today ... My mind is running blanks because I dont know my friends schedules and shit . Then theres this < PROPFEMALE > of DOOM hanging over my head for reasons unknown . I dont know ... raddle fuckin raddle ... 
Heading down to see New < PROPFEMALE > , meet up with the Pack + < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ladies and Gentlemen , I am FUCKING STOKED !! I just finished my second official song , title LEGION . Featuring me , myself , and I and the respective talents of The AntiKrist Superstar < PROPFIRST > Khaos , BlaKout and Morbid Locust with his awe inspiring Reading of the Sixteenth Enochian Key . 
Here in death's dominion , where even shadows die ; I am the one almighty . You will cry my name ! And when you seek forgiveness , you will see there is no god and for all eternity you will cry my name ! 
Im gonna be gone for Thanksgiving with my mom , so heres a message for the pack . Everyone knows theirs a lot of drama , maybe not now but there has been . For one fuckin day , just one , set aside all the shit and bickering and just fuckin kick it like the family we know we are . I'm sorry I wont be there to chill with you all , but that there is my Thanksgiving wish , 
Is Hoping to get an XBOX 360 for his Birthday , Chip in 20 bucks maybe ? its all I really want , anything would help ... C'mon Pack , dont let me down . :) 
so im home . if people wanna give me a call and chill then fuck yeah , im down . So Abyss , call me broski . Havok , hit me up you little fuckin delinquent . 
Is workin on a new song called Case Study . its pretty good so far . Thanks to Gregs help I managed to finally get songs onto my Myspace music profile , so yeah . dont be suprised if you get friend invites from me ... again . 
is working on a new song called Case Study . so far its turned out pretty good . just finished the chorus ( I do those first just to make sure they fit ) now all I have to do is write my last 2 remaining 24 bar verses and WALA ! Instant Hip-Hop . 
Just finished Case Study and that shit was tough . I had to push myself to write , record ... write , record . Revise , edit ... piss break .. cottonmouth ... water break . frustration break . write , record , revise ... DONE !!! I must say , it love it . 
Check out my songs . myspace.com/blakoutfuzioncore and if your not on my friends list yet , hop on it . Thanks . 
I need to just go to bed . My creativity right now is shot and im running low on enthusiasm . Hopefully shit'll get better tomorrow .... 
\Firestarter + Hyper Synchron + Sonic Transponder + All Terrain ENV tires + Springloaded Jacks = ONE HELL OF A DAMN GOOD RACE !!! \ " -Crash Phoenix " 
Tis < PROPFEMALE > Birthday !!! and i'm going to Gamestop with Shadow to go get a 360 and game ! 
I GOT A 360 AND SMACDOWN VS RAW 2010 !! AND IF BREAKS ANYTIME IN THE NEAR FUTURE , I GET ANOTHER 1 !!! WEEEEEE !!!! 
Just finished creating the beat for the song Homies ?? time to lay down the lyrics . < PROPFEMALE>'s stuck doing her homework in the tunnel and here I am Flowing ... what a wonderful way to live lol 
Just finished the song , Homies ?? and I give it a 5 < PROPFEMALE > rating . its a bit shorter than the other songs Ive done , the verses are three 16 Bar pieces and the chorus only repeats twice in one area but all in all ... im quite proud of myself . wonder if ' Byss will like it ? 
is trying to keep the spark of Originality alive here . Gonna write a 96 Bar piece entitled , Oh its Happening ! /When styles Clash , featuring JFK , Khaos Satanos , Morbid Locust , BlaKout , Cabal and LEGION . remember , Oh its happening is a registered Trademark of JFK inc and can only be used with the express permission of Myself , or my manager Abyss and only in the context of WOD . Peace . lol 
96 Bars done !!! Now all I have to do is construct the long ass beat and throw down the psychosis ! whew ... i couldnt have done it without my voices ... :) 
I wonder . Are we the Forsaken , for having the courage to fight for what we believe in , or are we The Pure for hating those who have cost us Paradise ? 
FUUUCK !!!!!!!!!!! In addition to everything thats going on ... really ? Bad Timing .. really bad timing ... 
Yo Abyss and Havok , give me a call when you get the < PROPMALE > . If Im not at home then im with < PROPFEMALE > , you know her number . Its of a semi urgent nature . Kiba out 
Wants my fuckin Dice back ... :( 
Need ... Food . Must ... Travel ... for sustenance ... and then after i'm fed , the mighty ' Byss shall prepare ... Poke'Wod!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Fuck Yeah MunchLax . Go Glutton Go Glutton Go !!!! 
Y'know those times when you do something late at night , put a lot of effort into it , then wake up the next morning to find that it's SHIT ? Yeah , well this wasnt one of those times . My song is still tight lol 
Spent the day musing over the Carn-Evil and the various clothing and gimmick infringement issues . Once we finally sorted all those out we realized we werent quite ready to write , because theres one < PROPMALE > court member we know nothing about : Vengeance . so we came up with a backstory that fits into the timeline of the various saga's now we need to figure out HIM . 
in the mood to watch anime online and the fuckin sites being gay . How fuckin dare it . 
Dude ... I had just watched 8 mile , like 2 fuckin days ago ... Its fuckin wierd to think < PROPFEMALE > Murphy is dead . R.I.P. Chika 
Workin on the last 2 songs of my shitty album . Just discovered a sincerely epic beat . This songs gonna be easier than I thot ! 
Im glad my Homie likes his Christmas present . ' Were Live ' is an epic success . Now if only I can get the rest of the Album up by His birthday , I'll have two of the most well thought out gifts in History ! Fuck Yeah ! 
Blackoutfuzioncore@myspace.com Check out the new songs ' WERE LIVE ' and ' Dementia-Oh Its Happening ' 
Just finished the beat for a song called ' Dream of < PROPFEMALE>' and its pretty awesome . a little too relaxing though . I fell asleep 3 times making it lol . but it serves its purpose then . Now to record some Vox . 
< PROPFEMALE > FUCKIN KRISTMAS !!!! MFK from JFK . 
Is grateful for what I have even though I dont have much ... 
Just got new pants that will finally match with the sweater I got for my Birthday ! Remind me of the style I used to rock back at PHS ... Fuckin memories . Shitty Cyphers with Carrot top followed swiftly by detention and drama . Those were the days .... :) 
Just woke up off of some much needed rest . almost 3:00 ... damn ... 
Yo , headin down to my moms for today and most of tomorrow . Gonna take my driving test and hopefully get my license so wish JFK some luck . Peace . 
So I'm Back aaaaannnddd .... I didnt ... even take the fuckin test . Black clouds of doom poisoned the weather and my moms car broke . The only other option was this truck with gi-fuckin-normous ladders attached to the roof of it , and the DMV wouldn't take it . so I rescheduled . < PROPFIRST > 26TH . 
I'm awake , I'm up , much to my fuckin dismay ... So Hit Me Up . Byss gimme a call , you < PROPFEMALE > fucks lemme know the plans and shit , its new years and I only have till midnight to give a fuck . thats 12 hours , err ... 13 right now , but still ... time is wasting . JFK , lets get presidential with this bitch . 
Aint nobody dope as me , im dressed so fresh and clean ( so fresh and so clean clean) ! lol 
Gonna watch a movie , get inspired , then write lyrics for Citizen Danes track , upload that shit to mediafire , and BAM . Collab . 
Deep thoughts follow an awesome movie . Im intent on making this song , though its not fully my own , one of the most meaninful things ive ever written . 
YO !!! just finished the song for Citizen < PROPMALE > , called it Unbreakable(s ) . I feel I did a chill job . I like speakin over beats i didnt make myself , makes my job a helluva lot easier lol . wouldnt make as much money but thats another story . 
Worst time ever to catch a fuckin head cold ... seriously ? 
I ... Cant ... Fuckin ... Stand ... Being ... SICK !!!! On a side note , it makes sense that I would excel at Battle rap since the whole thing is heated I've always done my best work in anything when im pissed . Plus , people dont hate you for being aggressive in Battles , in fact ... its actually encouraged . 
A good friend is someone who takes the time out of his day to read your status comment and react to it . Someone who spends his own money to make sure you feel better when your sick . Who buys a game that he knows you've been wanting to play for a while . who takes time out of his life to check up on you and raise your spirits . Looks like I have less good friends than I thought I did ... 
ringers off , doin some serious sleep ... 
i'm up sorta ... people can call now ... 
Had a great day with The Sleeze and topped it off with a chill evening at Sizzler with Abyss and my < PROPFEMALE > . Let the good times roll . 
Goin down to my moms pad for the weekend . I'l be back either sunday night or Monday morning . Peace Ya'll . 
Chillin down at my moms , Fuckin LOVE Lacuna . My little girl has grown up to be easily one of the softest , cutest , and happiest dogs I've ever seen in my life .... 
Just owned ass on the fuckin freeway , drove like a mothafuckin professional , though I do have the habit of speeding up to pass cars rather than let them pass me . Preposterone , tiss a killer lol . Still , if I drive like that , License in NO TIME and CAR TO FOLLOW . < PROPFIRST > Fuckin Khaos , AntiKrist superstar , Check the style ! 
Yo I'm home after driving all thee way back from my moms pad . Cruise control is wicked chill . My ride better fuckin have it . But anyway , ' Byss call me bro . I got like .... $50 bucks , and with your card , we should be able to get a decent Microphone . so yeah ... 
Represent the Army of Two !!! Aries , God of War , Lyrical Weapon and JFK , The AntiKrist Superstar coming soon to a hellhole near you . 
Army of Two , 40th day , tomorrow . Our battles shall be legendary !!! 
Its here ! its here ! its really really here !!! Well ... sorta . Still have to got pick it up from gamestop . But once we have it , ITS HERE !!! 
Bout to start X-perimenting with my New Microphone . well see how it works . Hopefully the vocal quality on my songs will go up a few notches . It was a cheap mic , more fit for podcasting that rapping but we'll see . 
* sigh * I fuckin hate life ... 
Life has too many twists and turns . The second you set your eyes on a dream , one that you believe is truly feasible , life twists leaving you wondering where your supposed to turn now . Where do I turn now ? Why am I reduced to turning to someone else now ? I dont give a shit . I'll still make my dreams come true if it fuckin kills me . 
Under this kind of pressure , I can feel the group home kid in me gettin ready to emerge again ... 
I gotta refine my flow . While my friends may like it , which is awesome . I do find myself gasping for air on track and other hip-hop heads have noticed . Damnit ... lol . ah well , honest criticism is how I get better . 
Down at my moms pad chillin for the weekend , catch ya'll when I get back either sunday night or monday morn . Peace . 
Got PCC shit done today and is working on my friends pad , trying to stack my chips in the proper order . If I dont get this , I'm outta pasadena and all the shit I just did for college was a waste of fuckin time . So Pray or whatever it is people do that this place falls though ... 
Headin back down to the CC to solidify the classes I want ... 
These last 16 bars are killing me ... Trying to make somethin epic and memorable , verbally clever and pleasing . Maintaining rhyme scheme and theme ... Pleasing others is fuckin difficult . Still , for all my efforts I know this song will be understandable and presumably better than my others . 
LEGION : it was good , but really didnt tell the whole story . One metric fuck ton of angels in the Heavenly Host and only < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are mentioned . < PROPMALE > ? nope . Ithuriel ? Nah ... Lucifer ? Hell no . In fact , not a single named Angel or Demon . So while the movie was interesting , it left a lot of loopholes in the story , and I cant fuckin stand Loopholes . 
Todays my boy Havoks birthday ! Shits gonna be fun . some minor weights been lifted off of my chest temporarily and i'm gonna enjoy the reprieve ... 
Just got home , had a great time at < PROPMALE>'s party , though too many people left early . Cant wait to do somethin similar again sometime soon . so yeah ... peace . 
Headin down to my moms pad , determined not to let nature have the satisfaction of once more depriving me of my License ! Wish me Luck ! Watson ! The Game is afoot ! 
Cant stand life ... or at least , that which neccesary to have a succesful and enjoyable life . 
And for no other reason than because I feel like it ... Randy Orton is the SHIT ! The way he RKO'd that < PROPFEMALE > bitch Shamus . sending a message ... classic . Tho he did fuck up when he tried to get Cena too ... but still . Viper Rko . Beautiful . 
I just realized that if , by some badass miracle I ever made it to the WWE , i'd be The AntiKrist superstar < PROPFIRST > Freakin Khaos . because the WWE cant say fuckin . it's be censored every time I was announced . 
Ah Triple H . even though one half of the A . O . 2 is destined to retire you , your still awesomeness in a black and green bucket . Taker however .... I cant wait to put an end to your shit . Your far past your prime and every true Villian knows ... it is the role of the apprentice to crave the power and the role of the master to possess it . 
I never can decide this ... ever . What song should be MY entrance song , at least semi permanently . What say you guys ? Any Ideas for JFK ? 
Goin to get a Haircut , cut off these fuckin split ends . 
So ... Is there a single celebrity that I look like anyway ? 
Huh ... so I just beat Gears of War for the first time . Now I have to go get the second one ... and they better make a fuckin 3'rd cuz these games rock . 
RAH !!!!! Gamestop is closed right now ... cant trade in games . 
THE RATED R SUPERSTAR IS BACK !!! EDGE WON THE < PROPMALE > FUCKIN RUMBLE !!! I didnt expect that at all ... OH MY GOD ... I fuckin love the WWE ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Put this in your status and put what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
NEW GAME ! Change your profile picture to someone you were compared to as a child . 
So for those of you who didnt know , where I live now , its a bit difficult for me to get online . So if i'm not ON as often and you wonder where I am , its probably at home or out looking for work , wishing I was here with you fucks . :) 
I am not haVIng a great day ... so pleASE , feel free to call me , bitch about things , lie to me , be an insignificant shit stain on the face of society , take my friends , abandon me , BETRAY me , be a happy little group without me , play games that I helped pioneer , ignore the my contributions and last but not least , ask for shit that doesnt belong to you ANYmore . Thanks , and have a wonderful day . < PROPFIRST > Fuckin Khaos . 
Gotta get to sleep . Things are going better in life . Sometimes you just have to get the immediate weight off your chest to walk with your head held high for a while , not that the looming presence of stress isn't ever present regardless ... sigh ... right ... sleep . Goin now . 
< PROPFEMALE > got me PLanet Hulk and the Dethalbum II for Valentines day !!! Tomorrow were gonna go see The Wolfman ! Good shit all around , I love you baby Girl !! 
Fuckin shit . I have school tomorrow at 6:30 PM and no books . well ... at least theres still time ... 
Social security office at 9 AM followed immediately by Well-fare office ... and all on a friday ... raddle fuckin raddle . Least I got my books ! wee !! 
Goin to my moms pad for the weekend , hopefully be back Saturday around 3:00 or so . Peace . 
When people feel weak all they need to do is make a few phonecalls . You dont got enough strength to go one , borrow mine , I got plenty . Or maybe thats just retarded fortitude , or conditioning ....???? Eiither way , I got plenty of something , and its sharable . Btw ... WE STILL NEED A NEW PACK NAME !!! 
When you walk through the door , it was clear to me ( clear to me ) You're the one they adore , who they came to see ( who they came to see ) You're a ... Rockstar ( Baby ) Everybody wants you ( everybody wants you ) Player , who can really blame you ( who can really blame you ) We're the ones who made you 
Oh , the bitterness of Boredom ... 
Headin back to < PROPFEMALE > , cant wait to see my Girl and my Pack !!!! 
Had a blast fuckin around at PCC today , Football ( lost but wasnt my fault lol ) , Wrestling Vids ( soon to be on FB courtesy of < PROPMALE > ) Mau , or Mow , or however the fuck you say it , Card games and good times with good talks and good friends . Now why the fuck cant all Pack shit be that simple ...??? 
Sometimes people say things they dont mean , me included . I'm kinda hot headed for those who know me personally so lets just say I really , for the sake of a lot of things , really hope this is gonna be one of those times ... 
Horrible morning ( aches and pains ) , awesome insightful and rejuvenating hike that leaves you feeling like shit ( literally ... shit , digested waste product . It was bad lol ) and great night ( with minor upsettances , nothing to do with the date ) so all in all ... The future looks promising . 
Had a decently damned good day today , topped off by Panda Express with Mi Ragazza and a chill , productive day in class . I'm pretty sure I did good on the test , at least 80% . so fuck yeah , all in all . Now to go whoop ass on DragonBall Raging Blast . Bouno Serra FB . 
Theres nothing to fear but fear itself and fears what we shall spread . Theres nothing to fear but fear itself , and fear is in your head . Theres nothing to fear but fear itself , the darkness inbetween . Theres nothing to fear but fear itself at the < PROPFEMALE > of Helloween ... ( awesome game ... ) 
I really want a dislike button ... 
School . Italiano . Without my AO2 homie , who so rudely has left me behind in this class ( Bastardo ... ) Fuck it . and Fuck my Poetry class royally , but thats tomorrow ... 
I hate how its possible to miss what you never had , but I suppose its the same as to want what you'll never have ... 
Probably gonna see how to train your Dragon today !! 
WRESTLEMANIA APPROACHES !!! What time Dozer !? What time ?!?!?!?! must know , for must bring snacks , and MUST ... NOT ... MISS ... ANYTHING !!!!!!!!! RAAAAAWWWRRRRR !!!! 
My whole body hurts . Fuck you . not you ... ( or is it you ? ) but someone out there , someone maybe like you , maybe with the same name or same interests . That guy . Fuck him . Did I mention i look like I fucked a wolverine and lived ? well I do . Fuck that too ... raddle . Goodnight everybody . 
YOU think You Know ME !! DA DA DA DA DA DA DADADADA DA DA DA DA DA DA DADADADA ... Pshshshshs .... ON THIS DAY !!! I SEE CLEARLY !!! lol ... Sad days EDGE didnt beat Jericho ... 
Yo , going to see CLASH OF THE TITANS . BE Jealous lol 
Sigh O sigh O sigh ... so , just thot i'd take the time out of my busy day to let all my friends , fans , and family know that I am STILL ... Fuckin ' Sexy . Thank You . lol 
Goddamnit Khaos Satanos , how dare the sheer awesomeness of my creation draw me back in !? 
While im down at my moms pad ( be back sometime monday ) I'll be workin on a new song , or at the least the lyrics to it . It'll touch on some of the more personal conflicts rockin on in my life and its no holds barred , sheer brutality . If you dont like the message in it , then fuck it . Not my problem . Happy Easter , peace . 
Theme of the fuckin week man : KNOW YOUR ROLES , AND SHUT YOUR MOUTHS !!! 
So I got a new cell Phone . For those who want the number , hit me up and I'll be glad to give it to ya , just not on a fuckin status lol 
Still want my fuckin Dislike button . Fuck The Consequences lol 
\Allow NO ONE to witness or care for your weakness\ " If only we ALL could hold ourselves to such standards ... " 
Life on the other side of the looking Glass . < PROPMALE > finds his way to the pure , while < PROPFIRST > is left to ponder the fate of his long , lost brother ... The tale of the Legendary Black wolf has begun ! 
Hates so much right now it's not even humorous . The presence of thoughts that arent mine , or that dont fit the situation are increasing , in both frequency and annoyance . I can tell who's who now and can even spot a few new faces in the mirror . However , I'm not sure if I should bask in the discovery or fear the omens . 
is gonna be gone for two and a half days at Carpenteria ! i'll see you guys when I get back !! Peace !!!! 
I'm Fuckin stoked . Seriously ... I just reconnected with a long lost homie I thot was dead ( and isnt , in case you were wondering lol ) and my day is literally lifted . Be Loyal to Crew when Crew is loyal to you ... motto of the fuckin day . :) 
2 for 2 , a new low . 
is So ... TIRED , must ... climb mountain ... where FREEZING FUCKING COLD WATER AWAITS ME ... and then Must ... climb back down .... Mountain ... and go ... to WORK !!!!! 
Write a Line , Feel the Force , spit your Rhyme n Hit the Chorus-Lift the Sword n let it shine cuz we about to GO TO WAR ! - In the Final Times we Rhyme to show the World that we are Soldiers- Vultures that approach us better notice , That this is FULL SCALE WAR !! 
I can already tell , these mages are gonna be a fuckin handful lol . Putting the finshing touches on some NPCS , history and abilities , but suffering from a mild headache as I do so . Anticipating the actions of ten people is truly gonna require herculean effort on my part . But then again , surprises are half the fun ! 
Fuck yeah ! < PROPFIRST > Macintyre's gonna retire that fat ass has-been < PROPMALE > Hardy !!! 
Its sunday ! not usually a great day but its one day separating me from game day ! So ... if you havent finishes your characters(KRISTA ) or have things left such as History or description hit me up cuz I dont wanna have to do it come tuesday y'know ? Kinda takes away from the ' Is Fighty Time ' Feel lol . So hit me up !!!!! 
NOTICE- WORLD OF DARKNESS : Sanguine Nights will be played at Gregs pad at 12:00 . Meet at my house around 11 and then we'll go to his house . For those who need Gas for their rides , or who dont want to ride in Promo , I can provide around 4 bucks . If players can bring at least like 5 bucks each for food , we can have munchies and shit . My cell phone is on , so call me with questions or concerns 
So ... Pilot episode of WOD : Sanguine nights was cool . Got a little overwhelmed at the end ( until you've rocked a game with 8 active players and growing , dont you dare think its easy lol ) and aside from a couple twists , i'd say it shows promise with an 8/10 . Least its over half . Got a week to get shit done again and damn i love the challenge . See ya'll Tuesday lol !!! 
I've never been good at 2d fighters , so to me , super streetfighter 4 is fuckin hard . AND FUCK GUILE , Anti air asshole lol 
Newsflash- Close range brawlers like < PROPMALE > are super epic . However , those same close range brawlers like < PROPMALE > suck against that evil son of a bitch < PROPMALE > . FUCK HIM !!! Teleporting , sonic booms , unbreakable grabs , 4 hit shoryukens and a some kick once , kick 8x thing ... fuck him . I can whomp that fuck with < PROPMALE > but not with Duds ... its depressing . 
is settin up for what is probably going to be my first uneventful , completely unplanned for and therefore mostly unwanted day of boredom in about a week .... 
SO . Epic . What is Epic ? Epic is not a thing , nor can it truly be classified . It is an idea , an adjective applied to acts of Grandeur . These acts of Grandeur will surely be found in < PROPFEMALE > of a New Day , which will be played tomorrow at the abode of < PROPMALE > MASTER FLIZ-ASH !!!! so . Epic . The < PROPFIRST > known as Epica . Is it in You ? 
So < PROPFIRST > Evans ( who played the Human Torch and Jenkins from The Losers ) has been cast as CAPTAIN < PROPFEMALE > !!?!?! Fuckin Awesome . And guess who they've got to play The Red Skull , super badass NAZI evil-Guy ... HUGO WEAVING , who in case you didnt know is Smith from the matrix and was also the Voice in V for vendetta .... oh Hollywood ... you are makes me happy :) 
The Phyrexian is gonna be the shit simply because of how simple this game is to play . Every half hour or so , log on , whoop ass , earn money and kick-rocks . 
I am in an AVERAGE state of mind on what will probably be an AVERAGE day though if I do have company , I doubt it will be with AVERAGE people lol . Fuckin < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Sanguine Nights : Tomorrow @ Gregs Pad . Meet up at mine as usual and we'll trek down in the Magnificent green beast known as Promo . If you cant make it , lemme know now so I can plan for it in the game . If you need a ride , let < PROPMALE > know now so he can plan to grab you . If you can spare any money for the dudes tank that'd be great and snack foods would be appreciated . Game starts at 12 so be here by 11 . HIT ME UP !!! 
Sanguine Nights was an epic success , especially towards the end . Definately renews faith in the game . Cant wait for < PROPFEMALE > of a New Day next Tuesday lol 
Holy fuck ... Paul Gray is dead ?!?!?! I think I just died a little inside ... 
Is going to be away for a while at this one thing called WAR . I'm gonna miss everybody , especially my beautiful baby girl < PROPFEMALE > , who will be the first person I see when I get back ( promise ) . Peace people ! 
WOD : be @ my pad between 10-12 . If everyones there by 11 then were leavin at 11 . Grab your shit , get your gameface on and leave your woes behind ( because theres plenty to find where i'm sendin ya , ) IS FIGHY TIME !!! 
Tryin to kick this damn morrigan and < PROPMALE > induced cold/allergy thing and it sucks . No kickage , no nothin . Just water , One Piece , Dark Tranquility and a fuckton of TP .... Raddle . 
Goddamn charge attacks are difficult to pull of sometimes .... 
UGH SON !!! Just got a straight 5 outta 5 on Armed Robbery ! Hows that for high percentage Zero ? lol 
Raddle fuckin raddle . Goodnight FB . 
has come to the upsetting conclusion , that if your not playing a Hado-like character ( ie , possesses a ranged firestyle attack ) then your at a serious disadvantage . There are good characters still , but its pretty frustrating when playing M . Bison or Adon 
Wants to start the Phyrexian over , but is not sure what would happen to the league he made . would it just transfer over to the highest power , or would the whole thing be dismantled , losing all the money put into it ? questions , questions ... 
MORTAL KOMBAT !!!!!!!! 
The Recovery is going to be an epic Album . The promise he makes on ' Im not Afraid ' is somethin i've been wantin to hear for a while ... Fuck a Download , im gonna have to buy this . The 22nd aint comin fast enough ... 
Hello , i'm < PROPFIRST > Fuckin kHAOS and I'll be your AntiKrist Superstar till you Die . 
NO Appologies ! nah Fuckers i'm not sorry , you can all < PROPFEMALE > me . Ya'll could be the cause of me . No Appologies , Ya'll feelin the force of me , no remorse from me , like there was no recourse for me . No appologies ... 
IS HE NUTZ ? NO ! HE'S INSANE !!! 
thinks getting to 3000 Hero Points is gonna be a bitch and a half ... 
has just found a very helpful conversion from OWOD Demon to NWOD Demon ! With that done , and a little bit of research , I now have the awe inspiring power of Christian Theology at my Fingertips !!! BWAHAHAHAHAH !!! 
Cleaning is annoying ... specially when your trying to get more important work done and your suddenly DRAFTED into the process ... 
Ok ... so . WOD is going to be a little later today than usual . Were meeting @ my pad as before , but not until 12 ish . If ya wanna show up earlier , cool , but its not Mandatory , though < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > still need to finish their Characters history's and appearance , the ' fleshing out ' portion of the job . See ya then . 
Recovery is sheer Epic with literal lyrical mastery , somehow comeback doesnt quite cut it ... Even Canibus , if he wanted to open his mouth couldnt get shit out on what Slim just dropped . DAMN . 
Just Finished the song I've been working on in a spurt of Random inspiration .. By far my favorite is the last 16 bars and following Chorus . Good shit JFK , Good shit lol 
I switched my Villain picture back , Unicron for the win , fuck you Zero . 
Creating these mo-fos is a strain on the mind . Conversion aint easy , specially if your trying to keep it semi unbroken , though I dont know why I bother with the sheer WTF factor of the new cards ... 
Dude , Chicken N Steak Fajita burrito's from chipotle are bomb ass fuck , No Joke lol 
I make music , and a lot a the shit i write is pretty fuckin negative ... so I think ima make a track , lettin all the people in my life know that I DO care about em , n that they mean somethin to me . 
So < PROPFIRST > Carwin got his ass choked out by < PROPMALE > Lesnar huh ? WOW !!!! Who coulda seen THAT coming I wonder\ 
!!!! ( Obvious Sarcasm ) lol 
Happy ' Blast the Bajeezus ' out of the Sky DAY !!!! 
is workin on Sanguine Nights , preparations for tomorrow since shits gonna get poppin . Surprising , the actual amount of stuff there is to do . I thought I would have less ... Either way , Zero you said you wanted to stop by for help with WOD stuff so hit me up . If people gotta talk to me about shit , then lemme know . Ya'll know where I am . 
Alright ladies and Gentlemen , Tuesday WOD is Back and the Savory tastes of Sanguine Nights return with a Vengeance . Vengeance for the Necrobus Azul that is . Meet at my pad by 10:00 and hopefully we can get movin by 11 or so , 12 at the latest . If you have shit that you THINK you might need to do character wise , come by early , but please call me first . 
So ... Hannah spoke of Possible WOD today , Friday . I dont mind either and theres a lot of plot I did that I didnt get to enact , so for those of you who DO wanna play , lemme know ( by calling ) and we'll throw down . For those of you that dont , or that cant , dont worry . Its a continuation of sorts , an interim game and while it will have some decent impact on the game , it shouldnt change everything . Hit me up . 
Feelin good and creative today , gotta plan for WOD tomorrow since the new switch is effective I get Sanguine every tuesday now ( weee ) and Hero's get Friday ( weee ) lol . Makin a new beat for my song . its pretty chill . Almost entirely piano save for the backbeat . 
Another night you're on my mind\ 
I'm hypnotized but I cannot find the signs\ 
The signs for the tubes to come home\ 
I need the tube to get home\ 
Another night , I'm here alone\ 
My eyes so tired from staring at this phone\ 
\ 
Why won't you call and come home ? \ 
Please call and come home\ 
And I know you won't come just for the cash\ 
Will you come for my bangers ... \ 
My beans and mash ? 
Infant Sorrow : Lamest rock band i'll forever love lol 
Sanguine today , meet at my pad round 10:00 , hopefully set out by 11 or so and be playing by 12 . Days gonna be intense . 
Sanguine Nights today , if your comin then be at my by at least 11 . We'll try and leave by 12 at the latest . Lemme know if your not . 
I hate opinions that are so arrogantly steadfast that they cannot be swayed by any amount of logic or flair , ruffled in the slightest or bent in their conviction . Especially when the logic used to justify those opinions ... is WRONG !!!! 
Everyone likes to say ' Khaos is this , Khaos is that ' . Khaos is me yo , Let me be Me . Altered quote from Surfs Up lol .... BUT STILL TRUE !!! :) 
In my shoes , just to see What it's like , to be me I'll be you , let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to Feel your pain , you feel mine Go inside each other's mind Just to see what we find Look at shit through each other's eyes But don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful , oh , They can all get fucked Just stay true to you so Don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful , Oh they can all get fucked . Just stay true to you 
Rah ... cant think on the Technicalities of Artifice right now .. Wods today , meet at my pad as per the usual time for Sanguine . Hit me up via PHONE if you cant make it or will be late ., Other than that ... ya'll did the goal , lets see where it goes from here shall we ? 
workin on Lamentation , fuckin Chorus is gonna ... well ... its gonna make impact . I love this shit . 
BTW ... Chinese food is hands down the greatest reheatable food since Pizza . 
This dust is gonna maul my ass !! Scorched earth woulda been way easier but the neighbors woulda complained ... 
The night was good , the morning fun ... but the day is thus far frustrating ... 
Im not bitching , just putting this out there . Is it normal to look around at what you have and have accomplished and feel nothing but regret and bitterness , but when you gaze upon the fantasy world you've created to shield you from your failures , to feel a < PROPFEMALE > to be apart of it with no regret at all ? 
That LIFE man ... That shit'll kill you ! lol 
So I have to work on some Sanguine Nights stuff for tomorrow . I cant remember exactly what I have to work on but if there was individual character stuff I was supposed to come up with that you remember , hit me up via txt or FB and I'll get on it for tomorrow . If not , then please dont get upset if it doesnt exist lol . Thanks 
Thinks ' if you cant live with life , then you should get the fuck out of it . ' 
I know its early , but hit me up if you wanna chill later on 
Is there Darkness core today ? When is that anyway ? 
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! Finally have an Offensive Power in LOH2 ... I feel like a dork but fuck it , BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH !!! 
Figures he might have to make a new game since 2 quit Sanguine and 1 went away ... something so in depth and original it makes Oblivion look bad . I'll create an entire world , with original names , cities , people , races , wildlife , political struggles , religious struggles and of course , Power struggles . it'll be awesome , but it will take time .... 
has always wanted to front a band like Dark Tranquility , even though I cant get anywhere near to the sort of growls their singer produces . 
Ok . All my W.O.D. homies who play hit me up on this . I need Ideas . I need to plan the next great WOD game and im lookin to go off the books here . If its something we've done before but wanna do again , sure thing . Just throw me ideas and majorities vote wins and I will go balls for that Chronicle . Anything . Everything . Gimme ideas . < PROPMALE > do this . 
Doesnt give a fuck , HULK rules all . 
getting these goddamn pokemon eggs to hatch is hella tedious but the payout will be worth it ! 
911 .... sigh . I wont forget it , but that doesnt mean I want it rubbed in my face either ... 
Today was a rather wasted day , although I got what I wanted I also slept ALL damn day ... inhale ... fuckin Inu lol 
So ize iz not moving till wednesday , which gives me more time to pack and shit . Cool . 
SO ... I'm at my new place with my mom in Canoga park . Gonna be occupying a garage ( awesome ) once I clean it out come saturday . So i'm not quite moved in yet , but I will be soon enough I guess . I didnt get to see a lot of people before I left , but no worries . Its decently easy to visit :) 
Man I gotta say , theres nothin like movin away from everything you know to make you appreciate everything you had and loved . Rain ... I didnt get any goddamn rain here ... fuckin saddening lol . I MISS YOU GUYS !!! ( you know who you are ... ) 
wants to beat beat someones face till he cant tell his fist from the mess ... just so .. fuckin ... theres not really a single word for what I feel right now ... the closest is a guttural growl . 
Man , they say your right hand man aint your right hand man , ' Til your right hand filled with money you feel me ? Money's the root of all evil , I guess being broke is the root of all peaceful people , Please be patient . - AOTP 
just gotta cope with the stress and put aside my aggressions , these transgressions against me are made by life lessons in flesh . 
I'm in the process of writing a story featuring all sorts of world of Darkness like shit , and it features every single one of my friends in one way or another . I have your alternate reality names picked out , but for people like < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , I need a cool Wolf , Vampire or other name to call you once your characters become supernatural . Hook it up or no honorable mention in the story lol 
Rolling thunder and Heavy rain . Playin Arkham Asylum and it's my sisters birthday . I'm not sure whether to be freaked out or overjoyed 
Is this what you wanted to be ? Alone standing by yourself ?! /\ 
Is this all you wanted to be , or was that a cry for help ?! /\ 
( followed by solo ) lol\ 
Its Stranger than Fiction , how you've decayed/\ 
it must be so lonely , lost within your ways ... / 
Just got my first dose of Family drama ... \ 
You'd think a dramatic life would prepare you for shit like this , but it doesn't . Sets of people who want to make the other fold into what they feel . Any other answer is wrong and reasoning is unwelcome . I'll take my elementary pack drama over this anyday ... 
This Nanowrimo shit is so epic . I cant wait to start writing . I just finished setting up the story structure and now am working on fleshing out the characters , their likes and disliked , strengths , weaknesses etc . 
So I've started it writing my Nanowrimo projecto . I'm thinking of calling it The Atlantean Legacies , or somethin like that ? Any Ideas ? I've gotta get ten pages today and I'm at like three or somethin . 
With a foray into the world of warriors , back into the realm of Darkness I retreat , to draw comfort from the familiar faces with whom I share a < PROPFEMALE > . Everyone knows my name here ... 
So happy thanksgiving everyone ! I never do these so I dont know what to say . I cant wait to rock the fuck outta the deviled eggs my mom made and turkey is on the rise ! Have fun everybody ! 
Cuz somethings just done change . Its better when they stay the same , although the whole world knows your name , so on a , bigger stage they came to see you spit your game . Whoaoah ... but it shouldnt be difficult , to explain , just why you came back again , you hate the fame ... love the game . Cold as ice , you'll remain . Tell em all , fuck em all , eat shit . Here we go again ... 
Trust is important , everyone says trust is the most important thing . But where do you go when the only thing you can trust anymore is distrust . I feel like its the only thing left I can trust to always be there ... and it hasnt let me down yet ... 
Thanks to everyone who wished ( and is wishing ) me a Happy Birthday . Today should be a chill day . I'm gonna go exploit my italian side with some old town italian Buca de bepo ! 
and I can have them all ... so why dont I ? 
Dear Facebook , is anybody here actually living their dreams ? Is anyone on the path to doing what it is they love , that which sends shivers down your spine and can bring tears to your eyes ? I just wanna know ... I guess if someone is then it gives me hope , to not give up on mine . 
Konkura ... please stop playing with your food and just fuckin eat it lol 
Simple Man by Lynard Skynard is in my head . I guess the Shinedown version is there too , but while the Shinedown vocals are more soulful the guitar work is better in Skynard . Rah , awesome song anyway . 
AARGH !!! All the pieces are in place and I CANT DO SHIT about it !!! 
DREAMS ... I distract myself throughout the daylight hours as best I can and all I ask for is 6 hours of darkness , yet I am haunted by excruciatingly visual depictions of something I would kill to keep from reality . And in the dreams ... I did . 
I am the one ( The one ! ) who lost control ( Control ! ) but in the end i'll be the Last Man Standing ! ( I ) I am the one ( The one ! ) Who sold his soul ( his soul ! ) Forever gone to be the Last Man Standing Taaaaaaallllll !!! -Fuck yeah Hammerfall . 
Too many questions , too many compromises . If only i knew exactly what i wanted at any given time . 
My hell begins from the 10th and descends to the circle 600 , three score and six . 
Got A NEW phone !!! 
Oh Brawny-boy ... 
Fucki shit man , drama can rear over next to nothin , I swear 
FAZOODLE ! 
Reread the < PROPFEMALE > civil war and catching up on Seige . God I love the mirrored drama of comics lol 
So the GREAT ONE is back ! The BRAHMA BULL himself has returned to WWE and is already beginning a feud with < PROPFIRST > CENA , the current champion of the people . Very exciting time to be a fan , < PROPMALE > man , dont let me down ! 
Ah .. self confidence : the trait that allows you to look like shit but strut like Gold . Or is that Arrogance ? I often cant tell . 
Rah ! So frustrating !! 
Annoyed . Just one of those days y'know ? Now friends get upset when u snap at em ... If u arent willing to see it through , why ask whats wrong 
Spartacus : Gods of the Arena . Hell yeah 
Playin < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 with friends . Good times ... 
Missing You ... 
Is missing that special someone ... 
Leave it to me to hurt what I care about the most ... :( 
Take me home , to a house on a hill in Oblivion ; where souls ever die all alone . You're longing for Love , not for Sympathy ; so take away this shadow over me . 
Maybe my cicumstances are more fortunate than I thought ... ( grim ) ... 
Going after what you want , or have wanted for a while , may seem simple enough but is so much more complicated . Theres will always be a certain amount of trepidation involved , and time has found a way to strengthen . And in pursuit of my wants , what of those I hurt ? 
You saw her walking over poison < PROPFEMALE > leaves ; nobody knows her name . But something must have opened your eyes it seems , cause nothing is quite the same ... 
Is decently bored , and this fuzzy tv is pissing me off .. 
This could be because there is quite literally no other entertaining alternatives , but I am mauling througj Darksiders , and its epic 
I HATE my temper ; Blinding , irrational anger triggered over BULLSHIT !!! AHH if I could cure myself of this I would , hell even be done with its sources if I can ... I know my anger is wrong , but I can only see it after its passed ... through my anger , I even dishonor my Brothers , and for what ?!? Anger is like fire , but it burns nothing clean . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . Four words is hard 
Were all just chalklines on the concrete . For the time that I've been given , I Am What I Am . 
Yo , if anyone Knows where < PROPMALE > Zeider is , have him call me or < PROPMALE > . 
Somehow managed to pull the muscles directly above my hip . If I even move wrong , it burns like white hot fire and is the only thing I can focus on . But with painkillers and icy hot I should get through this ... But fuck man .. 
CHAMPION !! .......... Champion ! 
One GOOD converation can really make you see what a year of bad ones cant lol 
is takin it back ol school : if your 555 i'm 666 !! 
wonders how long I can put off worrying about this ' end of the world ' shit .. 
It's hard to feel super tough when you have nothing but love songs rockin thru your head lol 
Tomorrow , or today rather , is gonna be an AAAWEEESSOOOOMMEE day , come whatever may 
Yo , who wants to donate a beanie to the all-new , totally awesome \Khaos needs a new Beanie ! \ " Foundation ? " 
Goddamn im hungry . but soon ill be havin lunch with my girl :) so I can suffer a bit longer 
Street Fighter < PROPFEMALE > is that epic level shit \\m/ 
Wednesday , past the filler day that is tuesday and onto my main event , though its always short lived . I can't wait to see her :) 
So ... yeah , i'm fuckin tired lol , workouts on little sleep and bad diet : thats that hardcore lol 
FUCKIN WRESTLEMANIA !!!! The only thing that could make this better is my girl with me and MR . < PROPMALE > in a title shot , but ill see her tomorrow <3 & < PROPMALE>'s on TNA 
Theres nothing like listening to a song over and over with the expectation to memorize its lyrics and then realize you dont like the vocal tempo ... still , it's not like i'm on a fuckin time constraint or anything . 
