Happy 2011 !! New Year , New Opportunities !! Much Love To Everyone !! 

Round 2 !! I love my family so much !! They're simply the best <3<3 
Just Thinking About \Her \"...." 
This Is Just What I Needed Whoooo !! 
Love Is In The Air This Year XD 
Things Are Changing For Sure This Year ... Oh Well Get On With My Life .. 
Things Never Go The Way You Plan Them ...! # ! $@ !! 
It's Funny How People Don't Notice What They Do Until It's Too Late ... 
Man , why do things get so complicated when they are not supposed to be ... 
Valentines Day Is Coming Up What Shall I Get ? 
Ugh again with them feelings ..... 
Im so in the mood ...... For cheesecake 
Ugh I guess trying to cheer up someone just made it worse ... 
Not going out this weekend , gonna chill and play guitar better 
Man I'm gonna miss those very good times ... 
I feel like the worst person ever ... I let my friends down .. 
Hopefully it rains tomorrow , This heat gets me all lazy ... 
Today just wasn't a good day , Fuck ! 
I wanted to pull a prank on someone , but who ? Hmmmm .... 
What a day .... I'm tired 
Woke up feeling great ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home Videos ... XD ! 
Today is gonna be boring .... 
Once again I feel like I should be doing something to help out but then again if they < PROPFEMALE > want it why bother ... 
Playing guitar , kicking back 
She fills my stomach with butterflies everytime I'm with her <3 
Orange soda yes !!! 
Hmmm what to do , what to do .... 
My head hurts ... 
Never knew how fun it can be to fight over a girl sweet ! 
Still wide awake , can't sleep ... : 
Mi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Mi < PROPFEMALE > Princessa xD 
Today was just full of surprises . 
Those three words again . 
Sometimes I wonder how a bum ended up becoming ..... a bum . 
On my way to Universal Studios :D 
Whoa , Bummer ..... 
You Can Finally Rest In Peace Abuelito :) 
So now I'm the bad person right ... just because I decide to be honest and don't feel a certain way . I'm sick and tired of it all this bullshit , all it does is stress me out .... 
Today I should talk to my neighborhood bum friends and listen to the stories they have to tell :D 
Hot Cheetohs for breakfast , not good ! 
The way she move that body , twist those hips , works those eyes and lick those lips , ohhh myyy ! 
Whenever i feel like im starting to really like someone , everything just comes crashing down .... 
What's gonna happen today .... hopefully nothing bad 
Ill never forget today , one of the best days in my life :D 
Hehe cussed out a cop today and nothing happened to me ;D 
Gotta get ready for prom ..... 
Iron Man 2 !!!! 
Mothers Day is tommorrow and I boy sure what to get for mom ( thinking ..... ) 
I need to talk to someone ...... 
Feeling different today :-\\ 
What the hell ????? 
Today was such a better day :) 
Oh hell no , this is not gonna stay this way ... 
This is to all those guys who don't know how to treat a girl and just keep making excuses and don't realize the harm they cause , YOURE ALL FUCKEN STUPID ! 
Looking out for my buds .. 
I know today is gonna be a very good day :D 
Today was memorable :D 
Radda Radda Radda :-] 
Son of a b **** My wrist ! 
I got sunshine on a cloudy dayy :-] 
Hehe , she called me buff >.< 
I need opinions my friends ! Is knowing when to quit a good quality to have ?? 
The face my baby brother makes when he's taking a poopie is hysterical xD 
What's the worse that can happen ? 
And so the drama begins once again -___- 
Being too stubborn can be really annoying ... 
This probaly isnt really gonna work out .... 
Maybe I should just change my ways ... 
What more do you want from me ??? 
Tired of being that \nice guy \"..." 
One of these days I'm just gonna snap .... 
Looking forward to those warm summer nights .. 
This weeken didn't really go according to plan , but I'm not giving up . 
Anyone have a spare capo for a guitar they aren't using ? 
Great , just great .... this is just what I needed fml ..... 
Sooner or later things get found out and well it just questions whether or not you can trust someone .... 
She's the only reason why I actually take this shit seriously ... 
Anyone looking for a job ?? 
Things are starting to change :) 
I feel like letting it all out ... 
Today is just one of those stupid days again fuck ... 
Today I actually laugh harder that I've ever laughed before and it felt great :) 
Really want to go see A-Team ! 
Depression isn't gonna stop me from living life , fuck that ! It's only a waste of your time anyway . 
A-Team was fucken great with the homies ! 
This weekend just won't stop getiing any better <3 
What a perfect day to go to the beach with her <3 
After a long day at the beach , I'm exausted and happy <3 
Awww I feel so special that all you guys wished me a happy birthday ! Thanks and much love to all of you !! :D :D 
Today was such a chill day with the homegirl and the homie :) 
Fairfax graduation is coming up , this is gonna be something special :) 
Fuck Im sore ... 
My goal for this summer is to lose my soft spots and gain abs ! 
Things aren't going the way they should , damn . 
I think God still loves me :D 
What happened Mexico ? You were way too confident , that's what happened . 
So we're off to the mall to do some panty shopping , maybe some booty shorts too :D 
Seriously , what is wrong with the world these days ... 
I feel the need to go far , far away from Los < PROPFEMALE > . 
Whoaaa ! Just had a blast from the past . 
Looks like another all nighter .... 
Happy 4th of July ! \ 
Gonna pop some fireworks at Griffith Park with the family hopefully we don't get into any trouble :) 
So today we're on the bus and this lady puts three dollars into the machine . The driver asks her what she's doing and the lady says \ Oh I'm taking two buses . \ " I laughed my ass off :D " 
Me without you is like a nerd with no braces , a shoe with no laces , and a sentence with no spaces . 
Looking forward to life's coming attractions , no matter what they are . \ 
So far I'm feeling the change in me . 
Great time to gain some more muscle and lose those love handles . 
I'm dead . 
:-) 
I can't help but smile everyday that passes by :) 
Finally got a phone ! 
Today looks like a beautiful day to go out and have a good time . 
Churros ! 
Man what a day ... 
So today I learned how to calm an angry person , sweet .. 
I can't leave my little brother alone for one second cuz then he makes a huge mess ... 
Im flattered :D 
Its about that time again .. 
Had a fucken great workout 2day . 
Cuz baby tonight ! Dj got us falling in love again ! 
I have to start slowing down .... moving too fast here !!! 
Live , Love , Learn . 
<3 ! 
Damn , not good . 
I'm doing that again !! <3 !! 
Whatever happens , happens . 
She's got me under her spell ..... 
Ay , It's called respect motherfucker . 
I'm gonna grow them ! 
I miss you like bread misses butter ! <3 
People can be such bitches man , I swear . Fuck it , I'm not letting this shit bring me down .. 
Monster Massive !!! 
Well what can I say :) 
So much nonsense ... I don't know why I keep putting up with it .. 
Love .......? 
Paranormal Activity 2 is a must see !! 
The thing about memories is that they don't change when other people do . 
Awesome weekend so far , more to come later 2day , learning how to shuffle whoop ! 
Is In A State Of Trance 8 ) 
!!!!! 
Love is in the air :) 
Cuz you never really know what you got .. until it's gone . 
Getting the < PROPFEMALE > of shuffling :D 
It's wierd how my fone is disconnected , but I still get facebook SMS alerts .. 
Sigh ... this so-called self control is something I really have to start getting used to .. 
Jesssss ! $1 pupusas 2day ! 
Ah screw it , I'm doing #'s then 
55-Hmm .. I remember meeting you at the Boys and Girls club I think and I didn't really talk much 2 you besides ' hi ' and ' bye ' . But you have a nice smile tho . 
55-No wait , I remember having a random ass dream with you in it and we were at some fair but I don't remember the rest . Then the next day I add u on fb .. wierd ! 
8 billion-Niggah I miss the good times we had playing basketball or just kicking it with the homies . We had laughs and tons of stupid shit . 
13-We do fight sometimes but that's cuz we can never agree upon something . Ur a good person with a good heart and I'm happy having a friend like you :) 
Hey , make like your virginity and get lost . 
Seriously , why make a promise you can't even keep ? 
Woke up with bite marks on both sides of my neck :O ! 
Boredddd .... and awake ..... not good .... 
Can a computer virus disappear just like that ? 
After many years of hope and miracles , I give thanks to the < PROPFEMALE > Of < PROPFIRST > and wish her a happy birthday . 
Goodbye mustache :( ... 
Anyone interested in buying an Xbox 360 Elite 120GB with games and controllers ????? 
Things happen and that's the way it is . 
I'm starting to think all this time was time wasted for nothing . There will be other opportunities in the future . 
Damnnn .. I gotta stop trippin out so much , ahhh ! Lololol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Stay safe and spend it with the ones you love <3 
Mann .. I'm thinking too much . I need a fucken distraction ... 
Wow thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! You really made my day ! :D 
2day was full of surprises ! Had a great fucken day ! 8D 
Anybody wanna let me borrow $3000 ? I'll gladly pay you next Tuesday :)) 
I'm not playing these stupid childish games anymore .. either you do or you don't , whatevers :) 
Getting into trouble again :)) 
I wanna see what happens as time passes by .. will things hopefully stay the same , or will they be different .. hmm we'll see .. 
I'm < PROPFIRST > Bomba ! Tick Tick Tick BOOM ! 
Shit I aint committed to no one , I could do whatever the fuck I want :D 
Had a pretty chill day with the homies even tho I got a ticket :/ but at least I'm having pupusas :D 
On the roof with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > looking up at thee stars :) 
Idk why I even try ... she doesn't really seem to care anymore .. 
Dayummm 2 high skool shootings in 2 days , wow ! 
Some of these girls really have to learn when to grow up already sheeshh 
These Salvi foos are really getting on my last nerves , annoying ass mofos ! 
Look at all them stars outside :) 
I need earphones ! 
This is gonna be a longgg night woop ! 
That pretty girl dancing all by herself caught my attention .. 
You wanna see sumten cool ? 
Learning about the ways of the French :) 
I gotta say .. I'm really looking forward to this year . Seems like lots of good stuff is gonna happen :D 
I miss you :) 
Damn supposedly I'm gonna find the love of my life this year :O !! 
Is happy :)) . 
Sometimes I forget I know some of the stupidest ppl but I fucken love them 2 death :D 
Angel Hair <3 
Gemini : Set aside all your distractions and have as much fun as you possibly can this year . 
Is pretty excited about this weekend :) 
Is starting off a great weekend :D 
Looks like this is going to be an all nighter :) 
Is feeling bombastic ! 
