is attempting to learn the Japanese language . >_< Baby steps , baby steps ... 

has mastered the Japanese Kana ( Hiragana & Katakana ) . If only Kanji were as easy ... 
is hoping/planning to go to Japan next year . 
is feverishly working away on writing his fiction novel ... Don't you just HATE Writer's Block ?! 
is undeniably addicted to Dissidia Final Fantasy . Let the Power Leveling begin !! 
Though many of us live our lives whilst being blissfully unaware of the happenings of others that live around us , there are those that are suffering . It is cruel that despite the pain that continues to torment them , life goes on ... the world continues to turn without them . I know this well ... perhaps too well . So , with sincerity , I express my understanding to those who feel the unfairness of life . 
Japanese homework is killing me right now ... Somehow I let it all catch up with me ... >_< 
Some of us may think we have no lives , and yet we discover that we lack the time to do things we want to do sometimes . 
Japanese homework is oh-so fun . -_- 
Dissidia Final Fantasy = AWESOME . If only Vaan were in it ... UGH . >_< 
Got a SSBB Tournament tomorrow ... I hope to win , but mostly , I hope to have fun . I'm gonna give it ... everything I have !! XD 
Well ... I didn't win the tournament ; I didn't get very far to begin with . BUT , I learned a lot about what I'm up against , and of my own play style . Some tourney veterans even complimented me on how well I DID do -- despite this being my first official tournament . So , I may not have won anything material -- but I did win knowledge , and spiritual contentment . So , with this in mind , I will strive to get better and do better . 
Writer's Block is ... a pain . 
... It's good to know , that there are still good friends in this world . 
Studying for finals sucks , no matter what it is you're studying -- even if it's a subject you WANT to study . :D 
Chilled with friends in a Jacuzzi ... Good times . :) 
Here comes the rain . Soul-soothing rain ... 
Balboa Island is a little ... cramped . But nice . ^-^ 
My final is finally done ! YES ! Now I can finally chill in peace ... ^-^ 
It's an unfair irony to go to bed early , and when you're forced to wake up early , you feel freakin ' tired later ... which is where I'm at right now ... -_- Sleeeeep ... 
Jacuzzi time , Jacuzzi time ... :) 
Red < PROPFIRST > burgers = delish . XD 
On Thursday , my old phone finally died on me ... Well , it's been through a lot . I've been needing to get a new one for a while , anyway . So , if anyone tried to call or text me , I can't receive them right now . I'll be getting a new phone soon . 
Got my phone . :) New phone , same number . All is well now . 
Huzzah ! Added a photo of myself , finally . I'll add more when I feel like it . :) 
LOL . I send my thanks to those who sent me those thoughtful birthday wishes -- they made me smile . Thanks guys . :D 
