..... What the fuck . 

Tj .... Such a champ . 
TJ O'Brien .... Such a champ . 
TJ O'Brien ..... SUCH A MOTHER FUCKING CHAMP . 
GO TEAM VENTURE ! 
http://www.prizerebel.com/index.php?r=268960 do it 
.... So fucking bored . 
Fucking bored . 
Is playing loud music . 
GOD DAMN IT im bored . 
Hey Phones dead , not going to be able to take or make calls till at least the end of tomorrow . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
Movies tonight . 
Whats up ? 
Kind of just realized why the hell nothing gets done in his family . 
Has coffee breath . 
God , im so bored . 
< PROPFIRST > THOMPSON POST HERE ! 
This is a bit of a boring night isnt it ? 
That was a pretty good weekend . ;] 
Fuck today . 
Fucking sucks at life . 
WOOOOOO 4:28 A.M YEAH 
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU PEOPLE DOING AWAKE ? 
Pretty sure i should shave . 
..... eh 
Pretty pissed off . 
I dont know if im just really down ... Or really pissed the fuck off . 
I dont actually know how to feel at least besides pissed off . 
Too much stuff on the brain . 
Is confused by whats in his notifications . 
Loud music time ?.... Loud music time . 
Really wants a monster right now . 
Accidentally took 600MG of ibuprofen thinking it was 300 , So yeah im pretty tired . 
Slow night isnt it ? 
Somewhat in thought . 
Well , im pretty pissed . 
Pretty great day . 
... What the fuck was that all about Facebook ? 
Feels like the only way to have fun , is to be very far away from family members . 
SNOW , IN MY OCTOBER !? 
Cant help but notice everyone getting sick or atleast feeling sick . 
Ok so has anyone else ever noticed . That in the episode of Family Guy when < PROPFEMALE > become a flag girl , the song that the school band is playing is electric avenue ? Or am i just insane > ? 
in ? COMMUNIST < PROPFEMALE > hamburger eat people . One of the most random things i have ever read on youtube . 
Is anyone hireing ? 
... It's not an owl . 
Just wants everything tostop for just a minute so i can catch my breath and cath up on everything . 
Just wants everything to stop for just a minute so i can catch my breath and catch up on everything . 
Is pretty down . An doesnt think anyone can help out with it . 
The stress is really getting to me . I dont know what to do . 
Is beyond stressed out , i dont know what to do anymore i really don't . 
Is fucking exauhsted tonight . 
:[ 
Still doesnt know what to do .... 
Still have no idea what to do . I keep weighing the options and im getting no wheres . 
Would like to do something tonight . 
YAY ITS 2011 ... and im still not employed ... 
Im fucking freezing . 
.... No thats cool , really . 
Has a lot to consider . 
Wants to learn another language . 
Yay ... more English work , awesome . :/ 
Fuck ... Doesn anyone know where i can get the PGR for English ? 
Fucking damn it . 
Has lost the will to work on anything . 
Fucking pissed off . 
Bored . 
Wants to know if anyone else has heard of Bonusstage . 
? _ ? 
\What the hell is katilsday ? \"" 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this . 
Wonders if he sshould post a video of his new butterfly knife or not . 
TOWER ! 
:/ 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
The toaster oven is all fucked up .... I burnt my pizza . :.[ 
So when do we have to be at school ? 
SAINTS . 
Come on Saints . 
..... Something is howling very loudly outside my house . An im not gonna lie , it's botherin me a little bit . 
Delay tomorow ? 
Fucking bored as hell . 
So bored . 
Just finished watching Pulp Fiction again . Fucking movie is great . 
So fucking bored . 
Well their goes another day . 
Has relized .... He hates a lot of things . 
.. SO i saw a pretty fucked up video a little while ago , for some reason i thought it was funny . 
Apparently i just sent a notification to everyone ..... 
Well fuck , im 18 arent I ? 
Anyone else's lights just flicker ? 
And so the boredom has begun to set in . 
This has been a long fucking day . 
Meh . :/ 
Fuck Finland 
Thank you snow for killing my windsheild wipers and making them not work . 
cars fixed . 
So theres a debate on , anyone else watching ? 
http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci so bored . 
So bored . http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
Mudkips ? 
Fuckin hungry . 
Bored . http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
What time do we start school , tomorow does anyone know ? 
School tomorow .... 
it's so fucking nice out . 
I want my fucking apple pie . 
Got A new couch for the basment . 
Is Home . 
\halo is a pretty cool guy eh kills aliens and doesn't afraid of anything \"- 4chan " 
pretty intresting night . 
Feelin way better . 
\Which means that the aleian is also a wizard . \"" 
in a bit of a pissed off mood . 
Eh . :/ 
Really cant wait for the weekend . 
Got my stethoscope and blood pressure cuff . :D 
Fucking tired tonight . 
I dont know what the fuck i want to do . 
Alright , whatever . 
Out bitches . 
Fuck , its Sunday . 
Working on the independent study he has been neglecting . 
Well im bored . 
think i might go driving for a little bit tonight . 
well that was a fun way to start the day . 
Whatever . 
Slightly pissed off . 
Well im pissed . 
Kind of bored . 
shaved for the first time in a while . 
The fuck am i doing awake ? 
Can't sleep , no surprise there . 
Bored , and without a car at the moment . This sucks . 
Bored ... 
Fuck this . 
Fucking aggravated . 
what the fuck is tomorow an A day or a B day ? 
well im sick of this week already . 
Fuck ... 
Has to be up in bassiclly 3 and a half hours . 
meh . :/ 
So im putting my portfolio together for the piece of shit that is Senior ex , an i feel like im missing something . 
my cat just scared me pretty good . 
fuck ... tired . 
about to kill a mother fucker . 
wow , it's cold out . 
well , thats another day down . :/ 
Would enjoy going out today . 
Anyone wanna go do something for a little bit ? 
i just dont care anymore , i really dont . 
fuck today . 
Chillin on the deck for a bit . 
its only tuesday ? 
so whats everyones stance on liberals ? 
You ever just start thinking about the past ? You know things people have said , and how things used to be , isnt it weird ? 
just because its the weekend thag doest mean work stops . 
has pretty much lost the will to work . 
Alright really , is everyone having a bad day or something ? 
... Senior ex tomorow . 
has learned that to fix his xbox , all he really needs to do is hit it really hard on its side . 
Someone almost made me hit a god damn tree tonight ... fucker . 
Could go with somehting to do tonight . 
out , drivin . 
Had fun tonight . 
.. Wait . Youtube is offering me that thing to put ad's on my video and make money .. the fuck ? 
I dont care anymore , about anything or anyone . :/ 
doing my ride time tomorrow . maybe that will make me feel better . 
Fells pretty good to be home . Been away from it since like 7 A.M. 
fuck math . 
going to mass . with pastore . 
Oh holy shit it's national draw muhammed day . 
In a debate about what to do tonight . 
I fucking hate when people are home , it's nice having the place to myself . 
this has to be one of my more lazy days . 
The work week has begun .... Great . 
lol well im pretty sure the brakes in my car are shot .. oh well . 
So apparently M00t is going to be on Law and Order tonight ? Must watch . 
Mother fucking damn it . 
so that community ex re-do shit is tonight ... fun .. 
so i tore my medical practicals sheet and then knocked over a few of chairs in class tonight ... 
sounds like a thunderstorm is on the way . 
got a haircut . 
my bus has a sun roof , bitches . 
kinda bored . 
really bored . 
that was a good night . 
fucking work never stops does it ? 
fuckin headache . 
hooray for last minute work . Always fun . 
http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
Pretty bored , taken a break . Ask me stuff http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
when are we supposed to pick up our cap and gown ? and do we have to go to senior awards night ? 
Fucking Math finale tomorrow . I hate this class so much ... 
Feels good to sit and relax for a bit . 
http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci\ 
keep me occupied and ask me something . 
cant sleep . 
just relized how busy tomorrow is going to be . 
http://www.formspring.me/account/inbox\ 
Ask me stuff . 
so were all in agreement rehersal was a waste of time . 
weird ... im graduating tonight . cant stop wondering if i got enough seats . 
For tonight , we can just go to the parking lot behind < PROPFIRST>'s correct ? 
Should probably consider shaving at some point ... 
So the blinds in my room just kind of came off , like the stuff their attached too and everything just fell down and crashed into the ground at like 7 in the morning .. 
kinda wanna do something tonight . 
Really tired tonight . 
Ask me stuff . \ 
The fest is the stupidest fucking thing ever made . 
Still surpprised by how much i slept today . 
\ 
Ask stuff . 
just another night . 
Bored , http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
Is selling somthing on Ebay . 
fucking people need to leave my house so i can just be by myself , and watch my shows without everyone talking at once . 
Pretty bored , ask me stuff http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci 
Feel like i should be doing somehting right now . 
Well , this sucks . 
http://www.formspring.me/nickAntonucci \ 
bored , you probably are too . 
thinks it would be better if more stores were 24 hours . 
Has no motivation to really do anything . 
Did not go to the fireworks tonight . 
cant sleep , again . 
Is still up . 
New York for the day . 
Just got back from New York . 
One hell of a night . 
\Peter you ready for role playing night ?... here comes Grimace ! \"" 
Pretty bored , chances are you are too . \ 
Awesome my printer sold on Ebay . 
The fuck , i can see fireworks from my room . 
woke up late at like 4:50 and i havent left the house all day ... kinda wanna do something . 
Home . 
why the hell am i up ? 
got a new knife today , and tomorrow is my practicle exam . 
gotta be up for my practicle exam in like 2 hours , the fuck am i still up for ? 
the connecticut state ems practicle just sucks , no better way to put it .. 
In an :/ mood . For a few reasons . 
The night kind of made up for the day . 
Should really do something about this whole , not sleeping thing . 
Need to sleep , but i cant . 
lol anyone else watching aqua teen hunger force ? 
I said this earlier , so why not say it again , I should really work on this whole not sleeping thing . 
Still awake ... 
And then i couldnt sleep . 
Like two more hours and i can fall asleep . 
I'm still up , it's been over 24 hours at this point . 
>:/ I'm done . 
Fuckin bored . 
Is Awake , and Bored . An kinda hungry . 
Bored . Anything going on tonight ? 
Is Apparently going to a birthday for a little while tonight . This is news to me . 
Needs to get some college credits before he goes into the Air Force . 
sometimes coming home to an empty house . can be starnge . 
more like scary . 
Gotta study a little bit tonight for my written exam , and then maybe out for a little bit ? 
Just saw someone walking down the road clear as day . Looked away for like 2 seconds and then they were gone . 
out doin the ussual , written exam on friday . 
people fucking suck . 
Exam tonight . 
Tired tonight . 
out later . 
Fuck , it's August . 
Today's just another day , nothing more nothing less . 
is in a pretty shitty mood . 
out for A bit . 
passed his written exam . 
so i just watched the hubcap on my car roll off my car go into the other < PROPFIRST > and get plowed by a < PROPFIRST > . 
this guy is such a prick . 
That guy pretty much just told me to go fuck my self . 
pretty bored . 
my car is now named < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
is not sure what to do with his day yet . 
would love to go do something . 
Really need to get the fuck out of the house . 
bored as hell . 
Keeps having really weird stuff happen to him when he's driving alone . 
had a pretty good night . 
Test tomorrow . 
A Mosque on ground zero ?.... The fuck ? 
in < PROPMALE > . 
home . tired . 
bored . 
Needs something to do . 
Who remembers < PROPFEMALE > the daughter of the devil ? 
needs something to do . 
bored . would enjoy doing something . 
:/ Wide awake . 
Well it sounds like a coyote or something just massacred a cat outside . 
Home . kinda bored . 
What the fuck is making that noise ? O_O 
Got new glasses . 
:/ Kinda down . 
... What the fuck just happened ? 
Awake , now what ? 
< PROPFIRST > Boy is on . 
So fucking happy the car didn't die , fuck you rain . 
Damn it . :/ 
God damn it .. 
There's no fucking way in hell that i failed my exam again . 
It's just another night . Nothing more , nothing less . :/ Oh well . 
So bored right now . 
just another night . :/ 
God damn it , why the fuck am i still awake ? 
i need something to do . 
so , me and < PROPMALE > just broke into yale . 
Wish i had gotten more done this summer . 
Has absolutely no reason to be awake right now . 
I fucking hate people . 
Apparently Obama is going to have a speech of some kind ? 
So , how's everyone night ? 
So , whose still awake ? 
Whats everyone up to tonight ? 
Pretty bored . 
So , for some reason when i crack my neck , i can also crack part of my shoulder . 
Need something to do . 
Playin modern warfare . 
Second time , that I've heard what sounds like a cat , getting fucking mauled outside . 
still awake . 
Holy shit , Cowboy Bebop is on . 
Well now something is howling outside . Every night i hear something weird . 
I can hear Coyotes howling outside , their loud , and their close to where i am . 
The fuck am I awake for ? 
This day , is going to require much caffeine . 
What the fuck code 1 why the fuck did you send me two emails both with incorrect times ? 
Holy shit . I think i passed the exam . 
I need something to do tonight . 
fuck you cold , makin me feel sick . Cant breath through my nose . :/ 
playing some modern warfare . 
\Nobody has gained or accomplished anything . \"" 
i have yet to find a reason to get out of bed . 
Looks like I might be pulling a 24 hour day . 
spilt sprite , fucking everywhere . 
so I have reason to belive that Lucky , is an active member of the < PROPFIRST > , thougts ? 
been having more trouble then ussual with sleeping . 
12 Oz Mouse . fuck yes . 
tomorrows going to be a busy day . 
Sounds like a door upstairs just slammed shut . 
I have no idea why I'm still awake . 
Actually got good news from the Air Force today . 
What time is it ? Oh yeah , it's time for 12oz Mouse . 
Oh look , it's 4 AM . 
Just watched Boardwalk Empire . it was great . 
This fucking pizza , needs to get here . 
Work to do . Yay . :/ 
Where the fuck did the day go ? 
the one thing that reall sucks about mondays and wedensdays . i have an hour and twenty minutes with nothing to do in North Haven . 
Finally home . 
Feels later then it really is , doesn't it ? 
And it's 4 in the morning . Time for bed . 
My head , hurts like fucking crazy . 
Finally up , what now ? 
:/ Just another night . 
Jews for Jesus it's raining out . 
got nothing to do for a while . 
is going to try and fix the downstairs computer . 
why the fuck cant i get to bed ? 
It's 5 Am , and I'm still up . it's just another night . :/ 
ASVAB Tomorrow . O_O 
The ASVAB exam , is not fun . 
freaking the fuck out a bit ... what the fuck is making that noise ? 
Boardwalk Empire 
Who else is watching Venture Bros . right now ? 
A great episode of Boardwalk Empire , and Venture Bros . Well that's pretty much my night . 
I get this feeling that I'm not really going to sleep again tonight .. :/ 
Lunch time , honkeys . 
DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE DOGMOBILE . 
Why am I up ? 
Lunch time once again . 
Damn ... I knew something was going to bring me down today . :/ 
kinda down . 
People are getting up for school ? Shit i might wanna think about going to sleep . 
So i got a three < PROPFEMALE > rough draft paper about Social Services due at 2:15 today .... Guess what i haven't started working on ? :] 
Holy shit , its raining out . 
currently in New York . 
Is back in Connecticut . 
Oh look .... the sun is coming up . 
Cant get to bed . 
Skynet has become self aware . 
kind of Depressed , and working on this report finally . 
Report is done . Fuck yes . 
So , whats everyone doing for Halloween ? 
Well i pretty much slept all day . That wasnt supposed to happen . 
I should probably go to sleep at some point . 
My fucking tooth hurts . 
Me and < PROPMALE > saw a dead body . 
Cats missing . out looking . 
Stoped searching . the cats still missing though . :( 
Just got up . Cats been found . 
SUPER TROOPERS IS ON . 
Boardwalk Empire . 
What the fuck is up with everyone and having bad days ? 
Having trouble sleeping . 
so im here in subway , and some lady says good bye to one of the workers . an this guy at the counter laughs a little looks at her and goes . \Yeah ? I'll fuck your mother \"" 
Long day , but a good one none the less . 
cant get to sleep . 
Happy Halloween fuckers . :) 
I honestly don't fucking care about anything anymore . 
I just had a pretty good thought . I would like the night to end , you know ? Go to sleep and have tomorrow be a new day and all that but ... Who the fuck says tomorrow is going to be an improvement from today ? 
So bored . 
Phone just made friends with water . Doing that thing with the rice so hopefully it'll be fine . 
Fuck yes , phone works . 
... Who the fuck did we call ? 
:/ Kinda Down . 
What the fuck ? Its Snowing out . 
< PROPFIRST > Hayes , has been sentenced to death , 
< PROPFIRST > Hayes , has been sentenced to death . 
My back , is killing me . 
\This is the last time i bring presents to Japan . \"" 
My mind is spinning . 
\i thought she'd be there holding daisies 
Kinda bored . What should i do ? 
Had one of the weirdest things happen while driving . 
And now I'm bored . 
Not sure what to do with my night . 
\It's so easy from above \ 
So , who's still awake ? 
So , how is everyones evening ? 
It's only like 7:30 , and i can hear the fucking Coyotes howling outside . 
What the fuck phone ? I just wanna scroll down the < PROPFEMALE > . Stop clicking on shit ! 
The fuck phone ? i just wound up on google while trying to just go down the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well that didn't really last . 
Weird thought for everyone , when the hell was the last time you actually sent out a hand written letter for something ? 
Now what do i do with my night ? 
Tired for once . 
Depressed as hell , no clue why . 
Bed . someone please call me at like 2:30 so i don't sleep all day 
I can really say that i regret a lot of the decisions I've made in the past . 
The season finale of Venture Bros . is when ? 
Can't sleep . Too much on my mind . 
court is finished . 
\Welcome to Tolerance camp ... \"" 
I slept so much today I feel dizzy . 
Not a bad night . 
Had a pretty good time at the school today . 
The underpants gnoms episode of south park is on . 
I have no idea why i'm still awake . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas guys . 
Should i go out for black friday or no ? 
so better question , whose oing going out for black friday ? 
Well everyone , seeing as how i can't sleep , i guess ill do some black friday shopping . 
is somewhat christmas shopping , name some shit you want . 
So whats on everyones mind tonight ? 
Whose still awake ? 
I am going to be busy as all hell with this FUCKING ESSAY . 
Fucking damn it . :/ 
FUCKING HATE THIS ESSAY 
Fucking essay is finally done . That was way , way more of an ordeal than it should have been . 
Time for bed . 
:/ Whats the point of doing anything ? 
I feel like complete shit . 
I get the feeling I'm not going to sleep tonight . 
Maybe i will get to go to sleep tonight . 
Well , It's December . 
Someone forgot to turn down the temperature thing on the toaster over ... i just burnt my bagels .... Words cannot express how pissed off i am right now . 
Why the hell haven't i gone to bed yet ? :D 
Wisdom teeth out in the morning . 
Not looking forward to getting my Wisdom Teeth out . An kind of down again . 
Got my wisdom teeth out . 
Isn't bleeding anymore . :) 
One of the more negative things I've realized about today .... It's kinda lonely having no one to sit on the bed with you and make sure everything is going ok ... :[ 
Whose still up ? 
So hungry .... can't eat anything . 
I just got up , not even an hour ago .... And I'm still hungry ... 
So i tried eating french toast . Bad decision . :) 
Is not going to bed for a little bit .. 
Just got up like a half hour ago . 
God damn it . :/ 
I'm not going to able to sleep tonight . :/ 
Has yet to go to bed . 
Can't sleep , and can't take being in the house anymore . Out for a bit . Text\\call if you wanna meet up for a bit . 
Sitting at at the point , can't think of anything to do . 
Home , couldn't figure out anything to do . 
What would i do without monster energy ? 
Dizzy as hell . That's probably not good . Gonna go lay down or something . 
Well today has just sucked . 
For pretty much the last hour or so , I've felt like I've needed to throw up , everything is still spinning , what in the fuck ? 
Some good news . The room isn't spinning like it was . 
Now i only feel dizzy when i eat , and when I walk . I don't know if this is an improvement .. 
The fuck is everyone talking about ? It is not snowing . 
Feels as if he's gotten worse through out the day . 
Fucking cold , and feeling like shit . 
Breakfast time . 
I need a computer with powerpoint on it ... 
Is awake for some reason . 
It feels so good to be home , laying on my bed . 
Just had a pretty great night . :] 
< PROPFEMALE > is kool with a k . 
Gonna pass out in a little bit , gotta be up at like 6:30 tommorrow . 
is awake .. 
So fucking tired . 
I hope it fucking starts snowing , so i dont have school , and can have an extra day on this damn paper . 
So tired ... Can't sleep , i hate this report . 
Oh shit , i'm running late . 
Had a good night . Too bad it had to end , 
Feels pretty good to be home . 
So good to be home . 
Rock lobster ... 
The surfin bird episode of family guy is on . 
Well my phone just went a little crazy ... 
Not really a fan of the holidays . 
... fuck you fallout . 
Oh hey look .... the suns up .. 
not sure why I'm awake , i just kinda am .. 
Should probably go to sleep . 
I havent checked , is it snowing yet , or is it supposed ti later ? 
????? 
So , who else is still up ? 
Yay 5:30 .... 
someone call me or something around 1 , so i don't sleep all day , 
Just watched < PROPMALE>'s burgers , it was pretty good . 
Well , i got little to nothing done tonight . how about everyone else , same ? 
Why am i still awake ? 
Why the fuck is it this hard to get a job ? 
So whose still awake , and why ? 
Has yet to sleep , can someone call me or something at like 1 , make sure i wake up ? 
Very frustrated right now . 
Gonna be a long day . 
Done , this fucking assignment is finally done . 
Ipod being a pain in the ass to charge ... 
Pretty pissed off at this fucking computer . 
I am going to savagely best whoever the Fuck , is turning the temperature on the toaster oven all the way up . 
Wide awake at 4 AM , this can't be good . 
Long day . Laying down and probably about to fall asleep . 
Slept a lot last night . 
Why the Fuck are their no jobs ? 
I have no idea why im tired right now . 
? 
School today .... FUCK . 
Home with really nothing to do .. 
Who else is awake , with nothing to do ? 
just realized , i missed a class . Well at least i can use the snow as an excuse . 
Well , I'm bored . Everyone else ? 
So I almost hit some chick with my car today . What did everyone else do today ? 
Hey look Bridgeport's had it's first homicide this year . 
To be honest , i actually had fun driving in the snow . 
apparently i have the day off .. 
Class today . 
Just had some real fun on the highway . 
Quote of the night : \If this was first responders it would fit . \"" 
Had a very strange violent dream last night . 
So happy i don't have class today . 
I fucking hate other drivers . 
School closing at two , now I don't have to come back later tonight . 
Hair cut time . Not fun . 
The parking here is just horrible . 
Well that was different . 
This has been quite a day . 
My phones auto correct , makes me want to punch children . 
Fuck winter . 
Very fucking frustrated . 
So bored .. 
So sick of being cold .. 
Yelled at and beat the shit out of the desktop in the basement . 
My left eye is twitching , and has been for a while . No idea why .. 
So happy it's not snowing right now . 
Fucking freezing . 
Well ... alright then ... 
FUCKING DAMN IT . 
Well , that's just great . The cars fucked . 
So fucking drained right now . 
Thanks for not charging last night phone . 
Fucking Damn it brandan . 
FUCK HALO . 
Well shit , it's 3 AM . 
Long day is long , and not even close to being over ... 
One last thing to do for the night , then sleep and up at 5AM . 
Got a mother fucking parking ticket . 
Wide awake . Can't sleep .. 
Working a double ... 
Meanwhile in Danbury . 
Oh look its morning ... 
Off to work I go . 
Just made a pretty good amount of overtime . And now it's time for bed ... 
Just slept all day ... 
gotta be up at 5 for work . 
Oh shit it's 3 AM ... 
Work .. 
Fucking DOUBLE .... 
Shift will not end ... 
Not a good start to the day .. 
Feels so good laying in bed right now . 
The clocks gonna be against me tonight , gotta do a lot more work for class tomorrow than i thought i did . 
Bartleby , the Scrivener is the worst story ever fucking written . 
I have never hated procrastination more in my life . 
Just slept , so much . 
Work in the AM . Yay . :/ 
Shit ... I can't sleep . 
It is unbelievable how pissed off I am ... 
I have to be up in four fucking hours .... 
Feels so good being home . 
Very frustrated .. 
Saw a commercial for portal 2 . 
