is mentally shot haha 

Life isn't fair because we dont't make it fair . 
My eyes burn , my fingers are cut , and i'm starving ... yup i'm alive haha 
has mucha tarea and cleaning to do this weekend : P 
I'm going to be so sore tomorrow ... but today was so much fun !!! now homework time again haha 
Sometimes thinking about things just makes it worse : p 
dejame i was showering and i was listening to my laptop haha 
tired . 
how the hell do i log out of facebook now !!! 
found it haha its like they don't want us logging out anymore lol 
And so begins the < PROPFEMALE > of a new age .... 
Learn how to cook with the CULINARY ARTS CLUB !!! 1st general meeting is tomorrrow from 12-1 in the HSHW building room 2.116 . Hope to see you all there ! 
Next Culinary Arts Club meeting THURSDAY march 4 , 2010 WE WILL BE COOKING OMELETTES !!! Be on time ! 
hmm lol sure i've just been really i mean EXTREMELY busy but for sure if i don't get an internship ! : ) i should be around : D 
I didn't realize i actually have two tests tomorrow ... way to go < PROPMALE > haha its going to be a long night : P 
my eyes burn !!! i don't think staying up till 4 is good lol 
Spring Break !!! yay fun !!!! wait not really i got a crap load of programs and study guides to do : / damn engineering 
things just never seem to end 
CULINARY ARTS CLUB : Sorry everyone , but the meeting for today has been canceled . We are really sorry about this , but please keep a look out for the next meeting . Again , sorry for any inconvenience and hope to see you all around . 
CULINARY ARTS MEETING TOMORROW ! 12-1 ROOM 2.168 OF THE HUMAN SCIENCES AND HUMAN SERVICES WEST BUILDING ! 
I'm going to Rhode Island for the summer !!! anybody been there ? 
One more week then we're out 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
It all goes down tomorrow ... 
skim boarding is hard ! 
pos cuando me pagues la entrada ! 
two more weeks .... just two more weeks 
season finale of lost right now !!! 
done buying all my casual and bisiness attire . now just got to wash and pack 
I miss Texas : / 
Anything worthwhile takes time . 
Rhode Island isn't that bad actually ... 
compared to the new port beach , SPI is the shit !!! haha I never realized how cool texas was lol 
beautiful day outside ... not too hot not too cold just fresh : ) 
beautiful day outside . not too hot not too cold just fresh : ) 
finally found hot cheetos !!! I was beginning to think they didn't have them up here haha 
I had never smelled so much freshness in the air in my life ! the botanical gardens in RI are amazing ! 
avatar movie tonight : D anyone down ? haha 
can't wait to go to broadway and watch phantom of the opera !!! it should be amazing !!! 
uh oh I got myself a personal trainer and workouts are going to be hard core ... kinda nervous now haha 
: / all I got to say is < PROPFEMALE > you were right , the last air bender is disappointing ... i still like it cus its avatar and momo was in it but its still disappointing ... hope the next one is better ! 
wow I spent the whole day thinking today was thursday ! haha 
I got my first razor cut and it hurt !!! to top it off its on my lip ... how I got cut there , you don't want to know lol 
went to < PROPMALE > woods , kayaked , swam , ran , hiked , got lost , got found(after an hour or so ) , left the park , got lost again , ended up at a casino ( dont see the point to it , ppl looked so unenthusiastic about it haha ) and now waiting for the bus ... its been a long day : P and tomorrow ... colt state park : ) 
Bristol Parade- the oldest , longest continuous 4th of July parade in the US and I'm going to see it : ) 
three hours of a 4th of july parade ... no more parades for the rest of the year ! 
\you can bomb the world to pieces but you can't bomb the world to peace \"" 
ok now that I'm re watching avatar the last air bender cartoon I realize that the movie sucked cus the kid playing ang was too serious haha I like the cartoon way better 
Tough Mudders Race next February ... who's up for it ? 
lol people in the east coast are making a big deal cus its going to spike above the 90's tomorrow haha they should see how TX gets lol don't get me wrong it is hot but what makes it worse is that its humid 
ok they weren't kidding when they said it would be hot : / 
holy crap ! I'm going to New York today !!!! 
wow I didn't expect New York to be so dirty ... 
Central Park is amazing .... totally worth the 20 blocks of walking to get here haha 
made it home from new york ... man what a trip ! 
good bye new york , hello boston ! haha does anyone know what is the main thing to do in boston ? I'm going next weekend : ) 
there are two things I find captivating in this world , jelly fish and snow globes .... i just can't stop looking at them !!!! 
I got a new puppy !!! well make that three haha but I keep one and two get sold : / too bad I can't see them till I get home .... I miss my home : ( 
whoohoo my cooking is getting better !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > griffin is hilarious !!! : D 
so the million dollar question is ... how do you use a compass ? ( haha only one person knows the real answer ) : ) 
so this weekend : go to the native american pow wow , work out w/my trainer , go to the hot air ballon festival , and go water skiing/tubing with my coworker ... sounds exciting but to make things more interesting , everything is in a diffrent part of rhode island . its gonna be a rush lol 
lol this is what a drunk guy kept yelling on the bus home \ ITS A PINK MAN ! LOOK PINK ! A PINK MAN ! PINK PINK ! LIKE A VAGINA ! \ " lol he was so amused by the white sunburned guy haha say not to drugs and alcohol lol " 
so it turns out I am indian after all haha no not indian from india ... native american : ) makes sense though 
might ride a hot air balloon ! : ) hope the wind dies down so we can get going : D 
: ( boooo no hot airballoon ride cus the wind is too strong : / oh well at least I saw one haha 
didn't get to water skii or get on a hot air balloon buuuttt I got to go water tubing ( which is killer ) , then on a boat ride ( rough ride ) and drove a jet ski ! it was freaking awesome !!! : D now to a music festival ... 
to do list before leaving rhode island : go to boston , block island , surf , ok go concert , eat at a fancy restaurant , museums , < PROPMALE > exhibits , and the black boat festival 
DAMMMMMNNN ! I had not idea water tubing and jer skiing could get you that sore : / butut was worth it : ) 
damn imax was sold out for inception ... now I got to wait till next tuesday ... i got to go to the imax before leaving RI haha 
three weeks before I go back is a long time but I'm already getting nervous : / 
ok boston is going to be a bit more expensive than I thought : P 
when I get back , I'm going to give all my friends a BIG hug ! haha I miss home 
just had THE best food i've had since I moved here !!! can't even walk ! fire and ice is freaking awesome ! 
just met < PROPFIRST > facinelli ... all I gotta say for meeting my first celebrity is WOW haha he ws really fun to talk to 
oh man .... providence is freaking awesome !!! haha too bad I'm leaving soon : / but its ok I'm going home : ) 
so instead of going whale watching today I met < PROPFIRST > fascineli , went to the mall . worked out , watched salt and spent the whole night dancing at a music festival : D I'm content and tired haha and tomorrow ... off to do more : ) 
time heals everything 
had an awesome night tonight : D < PROPFEMALE > , cristen .... you guys crak me up !!!! 
haircuts in providence are not the same as haircuts in edinburg : / 
going to watch inception again but in Imax : ) 
I was more amazed by watching the < PROPMALE > potter trailer in imax than inception haha 
how the heck do people walk around in sandals all day ! I can do it around the house but actually going some where in them ..... DAMN ! 
what the hell is jersey shore and why is everyone so excited hahahaha 
so it seems like a whole bunch of you can never sleep at night .... i don't know what you guys are doing but as soon as I hit the bed I'm out ! haha maybe you all should go out and do something to get tired 
SON OF A CRAP !!!! I outgrew my jeans again : / when the heck do I stop growing cus this is getting expensive : P 
Holy shit ima ride a train !!! haha 
i'm going to boston : D finally !!! 
absolutely loved Boston !.... got home last night and I was dead tired : P 
I was climbing some cliffs yesterday and dropped my phone into the beach : ( so now i got to buy a new one ... which one is better the SAMSUNG INTERCEPT or the MOMENT with Google 
so i put on one of my shirts that i haven't worn since i started working out and it doesn't fit me anymore !!! lol its too tight !!! guess the work outs are working after all hahaha 
who will save us from a falling bridge ? 
So whats this whole thing about shark week ? im planning on going to block island this weekend .... is it not safe or what ? 
Need another book to read ... any suggestions ??? 
home is where the heart is ... and right now my heart is in texas .... i really want some tacos !!! 
these last two weeks in RI are going to be tiresome ! i got to do as much as i can before i leave the east coast !!! 
what the eff !!! walmart closes at 10 pm in rhode island ?! what happened to open 24 hours a day ! haha 
Got a new phone so text me your < PROPFIRST > please ! 
Text me your numbers ... I broke my old phone and have no contacts 
wild flower ! haha i miss you too ! i go back next weekend : ) 
block island : ferry ride - $22.55 , surf board rental -$25 , Bike rental - $25 , Food - who knows , Hotel - yeah right , sleeping on the beach - FREE , for everything thing else ... there's my debit card ! hahaha just got paid and i'm going on my last trip manana ! 
Block Island was AMAZING ! it is the most be spectacular places i have ever been too ! 
crap ... i lost my apartment key and now they are going to charge me 150 for replacing it ... what a rip off !!! 
Had so much trouble sleeping last night ... thats what i get for staying at my apartment all day and not excercising 
Glow in the dark sperm ... WTF !? hahaha 
Ok let me rephrase that ... Genetically engineered glow in the dark sperm !?! WTF ! haha 
god takes care of me no matter where i go ... but then he screws me over in other things haha ah the wonder of life 
does anyone know of any good universities in Spain ??? 
Might go study abroad in Spain for the spring semester !!! : D if not for sure for the fall ! I don't know how but I'm going next year one way or the other : ) 
last week in the East Coast ... damn i'm leaving before the winter season starts : / no winter sports for me this time haha 
should i go back to boston or should i go to the film festival ? 
lol i took the which toy story character are you ... and i got matched up with < PROPFEMALE > ! wtf !?!?! i'm not blonde hahaha 
Four more days and i'm back in good ol ' texas ! can't wait to eat some real mexican food ! 
so ideally this is how it goes ... get home , then go to mexico , come back , move into the dorms for training , start school , finish and pass all my courses , then christmas break , then come back and take off to spain for the spring , come back and take off hopefully to alaska for the summer(lol i want to try an internship there :) ) 
i want tacos de bistek ! 
Going home in two days ! then its off to mexico ! 
Ok the one thing i'm absolutely bad at is saying goodbye haha and not because i find it hard but cus i sound like a total idiot doing it .. i dont even know what to say haha ... it sucks 
Beautiful day in providence-sunny , cool breeze , white fluffy clouds in the baby blue sky ... its like this place is saying \ya vez cabron ... and you're leaving\ " haha " 
a walk through the park , 1 hour work out , movie and DDR - best way to spend my last night in providence : ) 
I hate flying > : | such a rip off esp with luggage ... i threw out my blanket , towel and pillow cus my suitcase wwas overweight ... still had to pay 50 extra bucks from the initial 60 : / oh well lucky i had the mula haha 
the Expendables was freaking awesome ! cant wait for RED to come out 
Finally back in texas and all i got to say is WOW ! it is really different from the east coast : D first thing that gave it away was the heat ! lol oh well one more flight to go ! 
woke up to a whole bunch of rats licking me freaking dogs haha 
Wow i see hurricane < PROPFIRST > really did some < PROPMALE > damage ! everything is flooded ! 
gotta keep my eyes on the prize ! 
RESIDENT EVIL COMES OUT THIS WEEK !!! 
I need to fix my bike : / 
2 month old chihuahas for sale !!! they are small , but my mom doesn't want them anymore ... let me know if you are interested I'll post some pictures up 
I am super gay lolololol - HA !! (<- my laugh ) -- pwnd 
So who messed with my profile ??? 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired : P 
At san isidro ... i like the quiet of the town : ) 
Zombie Attack was hilarious ! 
House Cup coming up ! hopefully all goes well 
I need a laptop : P 
UNITY EVENS TAKE THE LEAD !!! next up in-door soccer : ) 
Freaking douche bag almost side-swiped me off the expressway and why ? cus he was on the phone ... please ppl if you cant multi-task dont text and drive 
Everybody who is for < PROPMALE > potter thursday night say i .... I !!!! 
Life keeps giving me lemons , but no sugar lol 
What ever happened to responsibility ? 
If you want to try free european food go to the Student Union tomorrow at 4 pm for display cooking by Chef < PROPMALE > 
distinguished chef < PROPMALE > at the union TODAY at 4pm FREE EUROPEAN FOOD !!! 
Can legally drive again : D 
my eyes burn O_o 
Does anybody have a < PROPFEMALE > clause suit I can borrow on Tuesday ? or a Red Robe ??? 
damn today is pie and RA day ... 
The dorms are dead : P 
Lol to catch a predator is hilarious !!! those guys are ridiculous and < PROPFIRST > hansen is outragous : D 
About to leave the dorms ... idk if thats good a bad ... i kind of liked them empty haha 
Lol so how does it feel to be the only one in the theatre ??? freaking awesome !!! its like my own private showing ! haha 
Last day in the valley before i leave to mexico : P 
Off to mexico : P 
its beginning to look a lot like summer ... and thats cus we are in the middle of freaking december ... idk but i think its safe to say something is wrong 
So how is everyone liking their extended summer ? 
What's on my mind ? \God damnit my eyes burn ! \ " thats whats on my mind lol " 
So winter finally decided to come , better late than never haha 
The Kinect is freaking awesome ! But unfortunately i still suck at video games lol 
can't decide if 3 hour shifts are fun or not haha 
Only been to two classes and it already seems like its going to be one hell of a semester , time to buckle down > : ) 
damn work outs are beginning to be a hassle : P 
I feel oooooooold 
Damn books are expensive but its a necessary evil to buy them haha 
Running for UTPA Homecoming < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Gonzalez as < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Damn ... i step outside and fall because of the ice . note to self : never wear running shoes on ice 
UTPA HOMECOMING < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > ELECTIONS START ON THE 10th ! CHECK YOUR EMAILS !!! 
VOTE ! VOTE ! VOTE ! CHECK YOUR EMAILS , BALLOTS ARE OUT ! YOU HAVE UNTIL NEXT WEDNESDAY TO DO SO !!! :) 
LAST DAY TO VOTE IS TOMORROW 4:00 !!!! 
\Times of need are not enough to prove your friendship . \ " found this lying on the desk meaningful huh ? " 
Congratulations to the Homecoming Court of 2011 ! < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez : Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > , Ruth : Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Gomez : Homecoming Dutchess , < PROPMALE > Martinez : Homecoming < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Galindo : Homecoming < PROPMALE > . Thanks to all those who participated in the Homecoming 2011 Elections ! Hope you all continue to participate throughtout the year and keep up the school spirit !!! 
Wow , i've been looking at my tagged pictures and I realize we've all come a long way . life is moving so fast yest so slow 
lesson number 1 : ALWAYS make sure you are saving things correctly when using library computers : P totally screwed up so now i have to retype everything haha 
just wrote the WORST paper i will have ever written ! from now on , i will make damn sure to save things properly while at the library :/ I had done way better the first time around 
I'm so dumb for not logging out . Why am I like this ? 
YES ! i got my old laptop fixed ! now i can be way more productive !!! haha 
oh snap !!! warrior dash is coming up ! gotta get in the zone again ! 
Basketball game tonight at 5:30 !!! Wear PINK to support Breast Cancer Awareness . See you all there ! 
time to let go : ) 
CUMBIA LESSONS STARTING TOMORROW ! : ) 
The dorms are once again empty ... pretty awesome ! haha its sooo quiet 
WARRIOR DASH IS AWESOME !!! tiring but extremely fun : D 
So many things i could possibly do with my life but not enough time . how to choose ... how to choose ? 
According to my professor \ everyone wants to go to heaven but no one wants to die\ " ... now that sounds like a problem haha " 
Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , Mr. and Mrs. Vasquez !!! May you all live long happy lives together ! :) besides , there is always < PROPFEMALE > ! :D jk < PROPFEMALE > haha 
