Not waiting on you anymore Oshae .......... I really feel like a huge weight has been lifted on my shoulders . I don't regret the time I spent with you , not by a long shot . But it's time for me to live my life , since your determined to live it without you . I love you , but it's better this way . Funny how've you've already moved on though lol Goodbye . Be happy , 

To everybody else live like you were dying . You never know when your life's going to end . Regret nothing :) 
I meant your determined to live it without me lol 
depressed =( 
If he only knew how much I love him , and how I'd do anything for him . All I need is a < PROPMALE > 
getting ready for band camp tomrrow ! Im so exited ! =) 
restless =( 
Oshae Daquan Best Kind of depressed :( Oshae I still love you ....... And you better be happy for your Bday tommorrow ! 
Had a great time last night at the comp ! Grand Champion baby ! That bonfire last night was kinda crazy , with < PROPMALE > and his love for fire lol I had like the best time my baby last night . I hope that we can do that again real soon :) 
My life is crashing down around me . Im falling , falling so fast and no one is there to catch me . 
Completely worn out from tonight's game ! Im going to miss the seniors :( I know Im going to cry on graduation day 
Awww I just hurt a little boys pride lol Don't play game with bitches who can play them better :) 
at home with chelsea ....... she stayed the night with me :) 
Guess what ? FOR 24 HOURS I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST !!!!!!!! No matter how weird or crazy the question is I have to answer truthfully . Only in my inbox though . And I dare you to do the same . 
okay so I'm sure this is going to sound so dramatic but Idc . I officially feel not wanted and not loved . Hmmmmmm not really sure what to do right now . Sooooo going into depressed mode lol Wish I could talk to my aunt < PROPFIRST > , but oh well 
Relaxing for the day :) TIred from this weeks activities lol 
Having alot of probs :( Wish I could just cry it all off ............ But I refuse to do that . Im not going to let life and the devil get me down .......... This is for you < PROPFEMALE > :\\ 
Thankyou to all who told me happy birthday :) 
Being my same old paranoid self lol Wanting to give him a < PROPMALE > , but scared because of last time :\\ 
Omg just saw the hottest myspace url ever !!!!!!! \Kissmebelowthe6pack\ " :) That is like so freaking hot lol :p Night all :) " 
Sooo I think I'm going to go to this party for new years ? should ? lol <3 
\Ummmm see what had happened was 
Missing my guard besties < PROPFEMALE > Moody , Joydan Sparks , Aliyah Ingram , and < PROPFEMALE > Mclaurin :( Love ya'll <3 
Well face book I've dealt with enough aggravating straight boys for tonight , see ya tomorrow ;) <3 
Sooo ready to see all my besties on tues : < PROPFEMALE > Ray-Smith , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McMillan , KeKe KaWaii , < PROPFEMALE > Moody , Joydan Sparks , Aliyah Ingram .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Mclaurin , Sheng Xiong , Miya Hunt , and < PROPFIRST > McNeil :) Love all of you !!!! :D 
I'm ready to see my super big booty bestie < PROPFEMALE > Miloncus to :)) <3 
Your not winning this poke war Aliyah Ingram !!!! :D lol 
Miss him :( 
Awww you mad me feel better < PROPFEMALE > :) I love you <3 We're so gonna rock the MB season together :P lol 
Ugh !!!!!!!!! 
just becuase u were a self proclaimed homo at 4 and a half doesnt mean everyone was -\ 
By one of my gayest friends :) I love you < PROPFIRST > :) lol 
I thought I saw a putty cat ............. I did ! I did see puddy cat ! : Gotta love Tweetie :) lol 
Rochaad .... You could always make anyone laugh . You were straight up with everybody . You were suppose to graduate with us , but someone took you from us before that could happen . There was so much you still had to do , but someone took you from us . It's not right , you didn't deserve that . 
I don't know why I even try 
Oddly enough , this storm is making me feel alot better :) Thankyou God :D 
That two timeing lying backstabing cheating conceited cunt ass bastard !!!!!!!!!! I HOPE HE BURNS IN HELL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That two timeing lying backstabing cheating conceited cunt ass bastard !!!!!!!!!! kARMA'S A BITCH YOU ASSHOLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im bout to change everything about me . The whole nice Westley that everyone knows , is about to become straight up bitchy . 24/7 . Fuck all the people thats hurt me . Friends , family , guys , girls , it don't matter . Cause Imma do me , and you gonna do you . And I promise you , Im always gonna keep it real 
Wow that is so fucked up . One of my friends had a ticket I could have got from them , AND went with them to see Elcipse . But I've been on in hours , so I don't get to go see the movie of the year with some of my besties . Fml fml fml fmlxinfinite 
When people look at me , they see some girly white boy ......... But what they can't see on the inside , is that Im a black woman ready to take her heels and earrings off , and go grap her vasaline in milla second !!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol :D 
People always ask me how how early can I call you , and I always tell them the same thing . If I pick up the phone cussing you out , its to early :D lol 
Like this status , and i will tell you what i like about you , dislike about you , a confession , and my first impression (: 
I love my guard , hornline , and even my drumline this year :D I can honestly say I like all of them haha :D 
Im so bored ............... Wishing my parents would give me back my phone already :\\ 
I love my band peoples :D <3 They are like so funny lol 
Copy\ 
thisinto your status && see what people rate you . * 1)I love\ 
you . * 2)Your're cute . * 3)Your're funny . * 4)I like you . * 5)I used to\ 
like you . * 6)You're amazing * 7)I hate you . * 8 ) friends forever\ 
* 9)i ... dont know you that ... well ... * 10 ) you're sweet .. * 11 ) your hot 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend . MESSAGE me if you've ever wanted to date me and COMMENT if we have had any good memories . Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status . (: 
Well Im bored now lol I GUESS I'll go to bed lol Night FB :D 
COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic(5 ) lovable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) want you ( 8 ) Cuteee ( 9 ) great person ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) Bed Room fantasy ( 13 ) mature(14 ) wish we < PROPFEMALE > broke ( 15 ) id take you home to mom ( 16 ) i wish i had ya numba(17 ) goofball ( 18 ) honest ( 19 ) inboxx me(20 ) Sexyy 
Well the showcase didn't turn out as bad as I thought it was gonna be lol Its a great start , and hopefully well just get better lol I actually had some fun with drumline today , there not all that bad :P haha I love all my MB peoples :) 
Uhhhh Im bored !!!!!!!!! haha Someone Im me or something , please !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im off to bed fb . Theres no one to talk to , Im bored , and kinda in a pissy mood now . Goodnight 
Well Im finally up . I thought about a lot of things last night , and come to a realization ........ 
The only reason I want school to start back , is to be able to be with all my friends again . I miss all of them even the MB ones , who I just saw yesterday !!!!! Its official I depend way too much on my friends lmao 
...... 
Speechless .......... 
Its not hard to fall in love , the problem is finding someone to catch you ;) 
going offline . Nothing else to do , bored out my mind . Have some serious thinking to do . Have to decide what Im going to do soon 
I have a Mom who has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on , and kept me strong . Moms are a promise that you will have a friend forever . How true that is . If you love your Mom , post this on your status ! I ? you Mom ! ? 
I feel like eating a bucket of butter pecan ice cream , with a couple of snickers bars . 
I always get on facebook when Im bored and don't have anything else to do lmao Yet it never makes me any less bored :D hahahaha 
Judge me , and I'll prove you wrong . Tell me what to do , and I'll tell you off . Say Im not worth it , and watch where I end up . Call me a bitch , and I'll show you one . Fuck me over , and I'l do it to you twice as bad . Call me crazy , but you have no idea :) 
Off to bed . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his/her family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for our freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Repost this if you are in the military , love a military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our troops !! 
1st person to like this : I'll add you as a sibling for a day . 2nd person : I'll tell you anything . 3rd person : Can have my number . 4th person : I will comment on your current profile picture . 5th person : Goes in my info box for a day . Copy this to your status and see who you get . 
Oddly enough , Im ready for tomorrows practice :D lol 
Say word lol 
We're not supposed to talk about the band , but I WILL say this : MB is no longer fun . The directors have taken all the fun out of it . Yes we want to win , but not at the cost of our happiness . I understand that some sacrifices have to be made , but come on , no laughing ? No smiling ? No breaks really ? Always bashing people ? 
Telling people to shut up ? You can't not feel well ? I mean really ? Its getting ridiculous . Last year people didn't want to do Mb and quit because we weren't winning . This year it's because there is no fun to it at all . Come on , this is not the drum corp . 
I don't hate you ............... I just don't appreciate your existence :) 
Everyone that loves me needs to come eat at pizza inn tonight , 430 to 900 !!!!!! Come support the guard , cause you know you love me :) Hope to see some friendly faces there tonight :) 
After sending a risky text , one minute seems like an enternity :\\ lol 
Drinking a strawberry daiquire and doing my AP US Hisory homework :) Thinking about you-know- who :D <3 
Well first day of school was gucci :) I have some classes with some of my favorite people ;) Im actually looking forward to this semester so far ! :D Oh and its official : Im black . Im now back in the slave days with CB in fourth period :P lol 
Glee is offcially my inspiration :) It's always picking me up when Im down :) Now Im gonna get off and listen to the storm .... Maybe it'll give me some answers :) 
The storm def told me the answers I needed to hear .... The thing is , doing what the storm says , is way harder than saying it . 
Lifes too short to stress over people who don't even deserve to be in your life :) 
if You would date me , like this status , if you\ 
love me , put a heart ?, if your my friend , put a smiley face :) , if you\ 
gotta a crush on me , put a wink face ;) , if your upset with me , put a\ 
sad face :( . Copy this in your status & see how people feel about\ 
you 
I love rumors , they tell me things that I never knew about myself :) lmao 
\looks at hot boy\ " \ " looks at best friend\ " Best friend- \ " I know !!! \ " :) " 
Just got done listenening to chorus of angles by haste the day for the like the third time today :) That is one of my new favs :D 
Well FB Imma about to get off here finish this note and watching fame :) After that ...... Who knows !!!! Bed maybe ? :) Night <3 
The problem with boys - they make you think they love you when they don't . The problem with girls- they make you think they don't love you when they do :) 
If you love or care deeply for someone , tell them cause there not going to wait forever :) 
Off to bed FB , night :) 
okay , first and foremost Im apologize to all my guard sisters and our guard mommy < PROPFIRST > . I love guard and I love all you guys , so Im really sorry about my status yester day . Love ya'll <3 
I love how I be home by myself , hear a strange noise , and immediately think Im gonna be killed lmao :) 
Teacher : Why are you talking during my lesson ? Me : Why are you talking during my conversation ?.... I would so be the one to do this :D lmao <3 
k , don't know why , but Im really tired :\\ I think Im going to go on to bed ...... night FB 
So ready for tomorrow !!!!!! :) Finally it feels like this season is starting off :D Love all my band , guard , drumline , and pit peoples :) I really hope < PROPMALE>'s okay ;( 
We did that tonight :) I love all my guard , band , drumline , and pit people :D Everyone did so good ! :) 
Soooo I can't sleep , and I have nothing to do . Bored out of my freaking mind !!!! Why can't I have a car and license :( or even a phone to txt on :( 
I remember when my brother and I used to make forts in our house out of blakets , chairs , pillows , and whatever else we could find :) Oh good times :D 
Brea , why do we even bother ? Why do we put ourselves through the same shit , over and over and OVER again ? Hallauja . Prada 
Can I just see ' em all . No , can I just have them all !!!! lamo Total insider :D 
Loved you once , love you still , always have , always will . So is my mood for the moment <3 <(\)" 
My daddy just gave me some words of wisdom : Excuses are like a butt hole , everyone's got one . Gross yeah , but sooooooo true 
Night FB , I love my guard besties Aliyah , Bri , and Joydan :D <3 
Even though I never see or talk to him , I still love him <3 I really wish I knew why he doesn't answer any of my IM's , messages , or anything :'( 
By the power vested in me , I now pronounce you deleted and blocked . You may now kiss my ass ! lol 
\Hey\ " \ " Hi\ " \ " How are you ? \ " \ " Okay\ " \ " Okay lets cut the crap . Who do you like ? \ " lmao Priceless :) " 
Sooo I just woke up . Still tired lol Gots to talk to my baby last night :) I <3 him :D 
Talking to my bae on the phone :) Oh gosh , why did I ever let him go ?????? :( But he's mine forever :D <3 
I love him , but I swear we have communication problems between one another :( School in the AM :( lol Night FB :) 
The greatest book ever written was the bible <3 
I so hate < PROPFIRST > McNeil ^_^ I'll love him him another week , maybe two if he keeps aggravating me lmao 
Sorry FB gotta get off , Eclipse is soooooo calling my name <3 All six packs of Taylors body :) 
Im with you by < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne :) SOoooo my mood song lol 
Omg , that movie was like the best ever !!!!!! :D 
For the record , it's soooo possible to fall UP the stairs . I've done it on many occasions lmao 
Sooo my voice has ALWAYS aggravated you ? Well , don't worry babyboo , you won't hear it no more :) 
I'm with you by < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne sooo my mood ..... A little depressed , but I'll be better after I cry it out . Realizations are always so hard to accept , especially ones about people you really care about . 
Cut by Plumb sooooo my mood :) New fav song ever !!!! :D 
I have 400 years on you little boy , I will rip you from limp to limp without even blinking . Mess with me :) lol 
bout to go to my dads .... No internet for a week , yay :\\ 
I'm sorry , but if your a hoe your a hoe . I'm not gonna hold my tongue just cause you don't like your title . Thankyou :) 
Bitchy ? I'm sorry I wasn't taught how to say fuck you politely :) 
Don't trust a hoe , never trust a hoe , cause the hoe won't trust you ;) 
Bed sounds sooo good so night :) 
Wow haven't been on FB in FOREVER !!! Feels a little odd lmao 
Hmmm .... Depressed , cheer me up ? :'( 
Ugh sooo not looking forward to my ISS tomorrow and thurs :( lol 
You know that one person that you want to talk to on facebook , and your just waiting for a message or IM or something because you don't want to bug them anymore with yours ? Ugh I hate those moments lol 
WearPurple Tomar 2 put an end to intolerance in honor of the 6 boys who commited suicide in recent months due to homophobic abuse at home and inschools . Purple represents spirit on the Lgbtq flag . Plz know that times will get better and that u will meet ppl who will love u and respect u for who you are , no matter your sexuality . Please wear purple . Repost this if your qoinq to do it 
\If a guy really wants to be with you he will do whatever it takes to make that happen\ " ... Thankyou @Aj Miller for stating something that I believe to be soooo true in its entirety :) " 
Gettin ready for the bestie's Miya Hunt's b-day party :) Love you girl :) 
Okay finally ready for Miya's party , bout to head there now :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter was like soooo freakin awesome !!!! :D <3 ' ed it !!! :) 
Sooo waiting on my bro to get back so I can get my crap out of his car and go lol 
Bored :\\ Somone talk to me !!!! 
Just got pissed off . Thanks for ruining a good day 
OMG I just spent alot of money ...... O well I feel good lol . Got new rugs , and went shopping for clothes , bought a ton of Christmas presents , and got all the stuff to refinish my kitchen cabinets . I am accomplished for the evening . 
Well this sucks ;( 
I just don't know what to do ..... I'm gonna cry ...... 
The balls in your court now .... Whatever happens to us is up to you .... Whether I stay with you is up to you ........ I'm hanging on by a thread ..... Save me or you'll lose me forever ..... 
I'm ready to see my ghetto fabulous , crazy in the head bestie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to :) <3 you :) 
Fuck it all .... fml x infinite ... I've pissed two of the most important people in my life ... yay 
I Flirt with you , I stay up at like 3am texting you , I talk about stupid Stuff that you like .... when are you going to get it i LIKE YOU 
How did everyone's day go ? :) Mine went fine , except the part were I was around < PROPFIRST > McNeil :\\ He's soooo mean !!!! :( 
Oh wow , I think that's the funniest thing that's ever happened to me !!!! rofl I'm laughing sooo hard that tears are running down my face hahahahaha 
Still on montclair , this sucks .... First day not that great :( 
no your right . i mistook our endless converstaions , your sweet texts , the compliments , and our amazing moments for you liking me . guess she had somethin more . my bad 
By the powers vested in me , I now pronounce you deleted and blocked . You may now kiss my ass ! 
Night fb :) Great day today :) Love ya'll :) 
Well , Montclair , your as boring as ever :( 
Shut me down real quick haha 
[ P O K E ] me if you ever had a crush on me , or still do . \ 
[ L I K E ] this status if you think I'm a good friend . \ 
[ I N B O X ] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me or in the future . \ 
[ C O M M E N T ] on this if we've had some good memories . \ 
Post this as your status , you'd be surprised at what people think . 
Night Fb . Practice in the am . Had an interesting day to say the least haha Love all those that I do , and hate those that are truly a regret for letting them get so close to me :) Bye :) 
FB my beds calling my name , goodnight <3 
Sooo bored :( lol 
Like I know he's gone , but my mind just won't accept it . I can't except it . I wish you were here < PROPFIRST > .... ;( 
None of ya'll are winning this poke war !!!! haha 
I just want to say to all my besties that my life would not be complete without you :) And that includes : < PROPFEMALE > Too < PROPFEMALE > Ray-Smith , KiWii KoneKo , Miya Too Brutal Hunt , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Aliyah Ingram , < PROPFEMALE > Mclaurin , Joydan Sparks , < PROPFEMALE > Moody ! I love all ya'll :) 
I couldn't link the last twooo sooo Joydan Sparks , and < PROPFEMALE > Moody :) 
I forgot one of the most IMPORTANT people in my life !!!! Love you bestie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McMillan <3 
Soooo I came to a realization through a lot of heartache , and almost losing my besties : I'm obessed . And I'll be damned if I let a boy come in the way of my besties :) Plus honestly I think I made up the whole thing in my head :P lol Sooo goodbye obsession , and hello new directions ! :) Time to just sit back and chill with the girls for awhile , and forget about the guys :) 
Bitch you do that shit on a regular a base ! Your one of the biggest damn hoes at scotland ! Bitch don't get mad just cause nobody wants your stank pussy . You can't keep a damn boyfriend cause your fish smell pushes everyone away ' cause its so damn bad . 
Go fuck yourself , cause no one else ever will , and btw learnt isn't a damn word so go take 1st grade grammar again and get a fucking dictionary before you come up against me with your bullshit again :) Thankyou , have a nice fucking puny life :) 
Those last two goes to < PROPFEMALE > Norton !!! Hate you bitch :) 
Ugh !!! This is not fair !!! Every single time I think I've figured things out someone throws something into the mix !!!! I'm sooo just ready to give up :\\ ... 
I am frustrated !!!! Grrrrr !!! 
welp ... I'm bored and still very frustrated ... sooo I guess I'm going to bed ... grrrr 
I know I'm gonna regret putting this as a status later , but ...... I AM SEXUALLY FRUSTRATED RIGHT NOW TO THE EXTREME !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ugh ... This whole school thing .... smh 
These bitches at scotland !! They some skanky little hoes !!! I'm sooo glad Joydan Sparks found out about her mistake before she took a trip on the teney weenie express !!! haha Love you chick ;) <3 
Games are sooo over rated :) Imma about to be on that triple threat status ;) 
Sooo over it 
Ugh , like I said your too much drama for me ..... Like figure it out please !!! 
What a day :( 
Why does he have to be so mean to me ... its not right ... well that hurtss .... 
I'm soooo pissed right now ...... 
I'm about to cut a bitch .... 
getting ready for competition ... ;( Ugh me and early does not get along !!! lol Wish me luck :) 
I'm sorry :( I didn't mean to hurt you , I was trying to keep you from getting hurt ! I'm such a horrible friend ;( 
I'm feeling diabolical ;) 
Night FB and all my besties :) On that mission status right now ;) lmao 
Thanks for telling me you were leaving .... and this is why I don't want to be with you .... 
Soooo bored :( 
Ugh ! Thank you for sending me to bed pissed off . I thought I had this crap behind me , along with all the bs that comes with it , but I guess not . 
Off to school , wish me luck :\\ lol 
Today was not the best day . First I get asked what I did to this person , like there a victim ! Then I have to deal with that little bitch < PROPFEMALE > Gist saying shit about me . Then I get home and have a message from someone I would rather never of talked to again . And on top of all that the more days that pass by , the more I realize I was just a paranoid gay boy that was seeing things . 
Between our laughs , long talks , stupid fights & jokes ..... I fell in love with you <3 
Ive never had sex , smoked weed , snuck out , or skipped class . Copy & paste this to your status and whoever \likes\ " it thinks your lying ! " 
If you like my status I'll tell you something I LOVE about you , and what I really think about you :) 
Practicing this beautiful piece of music called Equus by < PROPFIRST > Whitacre :) Loving it :) 
This Clarinet solo in Equus is sooo amazing :) I'm going to sooo beast this junk :) \ 
Love all my band peoples !!! :) 
I love you < PROPFIRST > McNeil !!!! :) Your the best guy friend ever !!! :) And no , I'm not afraid to say it in public :P lol 
There was only one person who made my day shine today .... I really love that person a lot for some reason :) lol 
Mmm . Ya'll make it sooo hard sometimes to even be cool wid ya . That's exactly why I don't have straight guys as friends , ' cause they don't know what the fuck they want . And that's all Imma say 
Asshole ..... 
We all have at least 200 friends on Facebook ; but when it comes to needing a FRIEND to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 15 of your Facebook friends will like this status . Like this status if you will be there for me . Set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you 
Getting ready for this UNCP honors band thing ... ugh !!! I was suppose to reast today :( 
Ugh !!! Same old shit different day .... that seems to be the story of my life constantly ... I'm so sick of this :( I do not have time , literally , to keep dealing with these stupid things . 
That's it . I'm going to kill him . Your such an asshole . I can't believe that I even considered letting you in ..... You better hope I don't see you ever again , ' cause if I do I'll castrate you . 
like for the answers ? \ 
\ 
i Call You :\ 
We First Met : \ 
Remember When : \ 
I ? How :\ 
I Hate How : \ 
One Word That Describes You Is : \ 
We Should :\ 
You're My : \ 
You Need To : \ 
I Miss :\ 
By The Way : 
I'm not giving up on you just yet ;) <3 
Good night fb 
Me + _______ = Perfect Couple . put this as your status and see who you get . 
Even though you didn't answer my question , and you stop talking to me , I still love you <3 
Toatally feel horrible :( I'm hurting like hell , and my body's wanting to reject everything I eat and drink again :( Not good :( 
I hate wishy washy people ....... Just stay out of my life if your going to be that way . I'm serious . Just stay the fuck out of my damn life , if you don't know what the fuck you want . And you know who you are . Now get to stepping , and don't let the door hit you on the way out . 
Practicing Equus .... So don't feel like doing anything , had a horrible day ;( Someone cheer me up ? :\\ 
Bored . HMU 
That's the shit that pisses me off . 
Am I ugly ? Like seriously , am I ugly ? 
TO THE NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes . Don't complain about our pets . ( 1 ) They live here , you don't . ( 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . ( 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . ( 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back .? Re-post if you love your pets 
Things might just look up a bit ...... :) 
Boreddddd , someone made me really happy today despite the horrible day . Thank you person I'm talking about :) <3 you ! 
Miya Too Brutal Hunt and me are sooo on that G status :)))))) <3 
Soooo apparently I'm not attractive haha Wow this kid really does need glasses :) 
Sooo fucking frustrated right now 
\What I really meant to say 
\I never really wanted you to see 
\I never really wanted you to go 
Similar , yet so different . 
Like this status if you think you deserve my love , affection , and attention , and I'll tell you if you do . 
This is by far the hardest decision I've ever made . I love you , but you can't be in my life anymore . You hurt me too much , even though you don't realize it . Too many problems are coming into my life because of you , and I don't have time for that , literally . So this is goodbye . 
Ya'll win . You have me all to yourselves once again . 
