had a good weekend . 

it's peanut butter , jelly time ! 
is tired ... 
is asleep ......... zzzzz ..... zzzzz ...... zzzz 
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo . 
is off saving the world ! 
Is it hot out there , or is it just me ? ;-) 
3-D movies arent really all that great when you remember that the world is already in 3-D . 
Just trying to stay cool . 
Can't wait to go jet skiing tomorrow ! 
Had an awesome time jet skiing . I had no idea how much fun they are . 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!! 
It's so nice to have a paid day off . 
Weekend is over . 
Happy 8th of July everyone ! 
Its too hot , time to go for a swim . 
Feeling much better now after a nice dip in the pool . 
Watching tv and < PROPFIRST > on her facebook 
Just got done watching a streaming movie on netflix , this is pretty sweet . 
Taking a little break , and wanting to be done working for today . 
And another day begins ... 
Meeting time , hope it doesn't last too long . 
has decided I am done wasting my time & energy on those who have made it < PROPFEMALE > clear that they really could care less how I feel . Life is too short !!! 
When life hands you lemons , just save them to throw at people you don't like . 
is waiting for dinner . 
is waiting for a table at the < PROPFEMALE > Garden . 
is finally done for the day . I am so tired . 
is finally done helping < PROPFIRST > with her yard sale . Time to relax now . 
had a nice evening , time to go to bed now . Cool plans for tomorrow . 
just got back from a nice day at the beach , time to go to bed . 
Dinner time . 
Time for bed , another weekend spent . 
Looks like its going to be a nice day . 
is hot and sweaty . Almost done for the day though . 
is feeling much better now . 
has ice cream on his mind . 
just got a new phone . My first touchscreen phone , how exciting . LOL ! 
got a sweet new phone number today and is still learning how to use his new phone . 
Time for bed , good night all . 
Off to Arvin this morning , how nice . 
is so freakin thirsty . I need to find me a cold beverage very soon . 
Long Monday , good night all . 
I like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly ..... 
is posting on Twitter that he is updating his Facebook status update . 
Had a nice dinner at < PROPMALE>'s Big Boys . 
is tired , but restless . 
If you're tired of everyone's FB status telling you to copy and paste their status as your status , copy this and paste it as your status . 
Imagine , if you will , a world without hypothetical situations 
wanted to go and get a sweet Black and White from Dewars , but I didn't get there before they closed . So I had to settle for rosemarys instead . 
Is it just me , or are most of the people in the “people you may know” feature on Facebook people that I do know , but I deliberately choose not to be friends with ? 
is going to go for a swim . It's too damn hot for me . 
just ate a Vanilla < PROPFEMALE > Drumstick , only to find out that it didn't even have a real < PROPFEMALE > in the middle . It just had a small glob of < PROPFEMALE > goo in the middle . Still good , but not what I expected . 
Hanging out on Playstation Home . Haven't been on in awhile . 
I read something today that said there are more men than women in mental hospitals ... which of course just goes to show us who's driving whom crazy . 
Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M ) and Tuesday(T ) , the rest of the week says WTF ? 
What would I do for a Klondike bar ? Not \ 
much really . I mean seriously ? It's like the most average ice cream treat you can get ... 
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day , why isn't anything in the store is free yet ? 
I woke up way too early this morning . 
is playing on his PS3 . 
is waiting for steak time . 
B.L.T. and a swim , feeling good . 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to pass her drive test ... 
getting my Java Chip on ! Hell to the yeah ! 
“The greatest thing about Facebook , is that you can quote something and totally make up the source . ” - < PROPFIRST > Washington 
Birthdays are nature’s way of telling us to eat more cake . 
I won twenty dollars today ! Today has been a good day . 
Today , I saw a commercial for the Snuggie . I thought it was stupid idea , but I couldn’t change the channel because I was under a blanket and I didn’t want my arms to get cold 
Kicking back , drinking a large cup of toffee goodness . 
Checking out the car show downtown . 
Happy 10-10-10 ! \ 
\ 
Yeah , kinda late I know . But I just realized it not long ago . 
At < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza waiting for my order . I hate waiting . :-] 
Laughing out loud ! 
Inside . 
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare . Now , thanks to the Internet , we know this is not true . 
Sleeping 
At Coldstone having ice cream . 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
Oct . 2010 has 5 Fri , Sat & Sun . Happens once in 823 yrs Its Called MONEY BAGS . Feng Shui says $ will arrive in 4 days . Copy to < PROPFEMALE > status now 
No better way to start the day then with steak . 
Playing with my new android phone . 
and a new day begins ... let's see what it shall bring . 
Out getting things done ... 
Sleeping ...... ZZZZZzzzzz 
Going to Fresh & Easy . 
Good morning !!! 
Happy Halloween !!! 
Good night ! 
good Thursday morning . 
I got up waaaay too early this morning . 
Time to go and get some breakfast . I'm hungry ... 
Hotfest is tonight ! Can't wait !!! 
Hot Fest was great !!! \ 
It's been a long day for me though . Time to call it a night . GNFB 
Is on Playstation Home . 
scratch here ?????????????? to reveal today's status . 
I just beat Angry Birds . That was easier then I thought it was going to be . 
Going to Universal Studios for the first time tomorrow ! 
Having dinner and going to play games at < PROPMALE > & Busters ! 
Had an awesome time at Universal Studios today ! Can't wait to go again . 
