bowling 

bowling ? and the movie Zombieland , dude its a must see . FUCKING FUNNY ! 
I hate english ... 
MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
Feels that life is hard rite now , but if he keeps pushing forward good things will come . I'm waiting for those days . When life is simple , everyone is happy , and I have someone to love . 
If you had to kill your self / die how would you do it ? be creative . 1 . ) Weld the trailers of a semi-truck together , fill the inside with people , helium tanks , and weed . happy ending :] 
anyone have some kick ass plans for the winter break ? 
Just took 3rd place with < PROPMALE > Coigny at the OJCTA doubles at Crosly Lanes . First time bowling AA . ;D 
The Game . 
What is the best thing you got for Christmas ? :: POST ~ HERE :: 
HAPPY MOTHERFKCIN NEW YEARS EVERYONE ! 
< PROPMALE > left for basic . Have fun buddie , you will be missed :( 
eh , sorry < PROPFEMALE > got on my laptop . 
\Crack heads wobble but they don't fall down\ " ---- Katt < PROPMALE > " 
What famous person do I look like ? btw , the 4th is punch a Twilight Fan in the Face day . < PROPFEMALE > excited (: 
Urbandictionary.com < PROPFEMALE > 
Hey sexy ! 
Hey Baby ! 
Fuck you < PROPMALE > , Fuck you . 
is in a good mood ;)) 
is ready to go bowling tomorrow . 
Happy Valentines Day !! 
feels better mentally , and not so much physically ^.^ 
Got a new evil siege today , and it was free , kinda ;D have not thrown it yet but its my first ball without finger inserts and I'm really excited to bowl with it ! 
It could also be the fangs * CLACHKK CLACHKK * * CLACHKK CLACHKK * 
I <3 bowling ;D 
2nd in state !! woo ! 
Hey you , YES YOU OVER THERE ! HEY LOOK AT ME While I'm talking ! No ! Don't walk away I have something very Important to TELL YOU !!!! the game . roflmao ! tolled 
sorry guys someone ( < PROPMALE > HANKE ) got on my comp and changed my status and everything sorry if I gave anyone false hopes . 
woo beach trip tomorrow ! but I lost my cell phone ... 
Advanced Biology Mid-Terms tomorrow and Friday .... Not excited :( 
Homework Time :D 
\Friends don't let friends use MAC\ " - < PROPMALE > Wells " 
Did not have the best of days today , but its one less day until graduation so it cancels out :D 
Hey guys I got a new phone number , it is 5033804817 . Text me please with your name and phone number 
I pity the fool 
You are too late 006 , soon all the base in the world will be absorbed into my generator ! 
It's all about good times and potato salad . 
So , how was prom ? 
Customer : $10 ?! what happened to $1 ?... Clerk : would you like to talk to our financial advisor ? Sea Lion : AAARRRRRRR !!!!! 
Fuck yea , gonna see kick-ass TONIGHT ! :D 
had a great weekend :) 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you ... This should be interesting !!! 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > playing a kick ass game of capture the flag :D we won ! 
thinks that today was a great day for him and would like more days to be like today :D 
I awoke from my nap , looked down upon my shirt to notice that the dickies emblum was missing . Then < PROPFIRST > says : < PROPFEMALE > your shirts inside out , and its a fr 
anz shirt . Everyone starts to laugh . Me : fuck you guys shut up kyron your retarded 
I think its fair to say that I had the best night out of everyone , except maybe one person but ... happy as fuck :) 
If you piss on the ground again , I'm gonna piss on your balls ! - grandma :) 
You are the < PROPFEMALE > Master ! 
Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii hhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaAavvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ddddddddddddddddddrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeee 
eeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmm . Shit wait hold on ... I missed the c sharp , I'm gonna have to restart . Fuck man ! We have already been here for hours ! I kn 
ow I know I'm almost done . 
needs to get some sleep , because he did not sleep at all the night before . 
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love . 
is super fucking happy ! 
cops at my house ... WOOO !!! :/ some dude in a blue car was dealin drugz or some shit and when the cop pulled him over he took off on foot , now there is like 4 cop cars outside ... I'm getting tired .. 
Time to clean some dishes ! 
I'm never mad . Just realized that . Thanks to < PROPMALE > . 
:] 
Fuck you pikachu ! 
Woohoo I'm off work ! Haha first time I can say that :) 
Has a real bad headache .. :) 
Whats up ? 
POKEMON is the shit ! 
afk ? 
Root Beer Float TEIM !!!!! 
listening to some motherfucking DETHKLOCK ! and some afroman :) Good times :) 
When life gives you lemons ... Don't even think about lemon aid . take the lemon and trade it for a rocketcar !! fly to the freaking < PROPFEMALE > and set up base cause this shit is about to go down ! 
Do I really need to sleep ? 
Has a calus the size of your fist on the bottom of his foot ! 
Good Morning ! How was your day ? 
I'm listening to my little brother sing \sorry\ " by buckcherry and I think my ears are BLEEDING !! all I want is some peace and quiet ... is it just too much to ask for ? " 
Guess who lost 20lbs ?! that is basically an extra tire off :) That made my night :) 
is in need of a haircut ... really bad 
is bored and wants to chill with some one . any one wanna do something after school ? 
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death” 
thats what life is all about , good times and potato salad . 
If I were < PROPMALE > I would live the rest of my life out as a bum exploring the world and giving money to people I think need it . What would you do ? 
gots to go to work tomorrow morning ... cya all around , don't do anything I wouldn't do ! 
Going \hotelling\ " with the pops this weekend :) super excited ! I have not seen him in forever ! should be a good time . :)) " 
back from camping , now its shower time ;) 
gets back from camping and turns on his cell phone ... 102 New Messages ... WOOoOOo ! 
People are AMAZING ! 
hey , what did you last copy ? click \comment\ " and press ' ctrl+v ' and post it here . anything goes ! " 
is there a thing such as too nice ? 
I wish that when people argue with you they actually fully understand and see the entire picture ... 
anyone have some crazy fucking plans for this summer ? 
got a haircut :) 
High school . I was fun while it lasted , but I'm glad to be done with all of those assholes . They really ruined my day sometimes . Time to move on to bigger and better things . I will see you all in college , hope you do something meaningful with your lives , but don't forget to have fun and fucking SMILE ! :] haha , congratz everybody ! heres to you * cheers ! * 
sleep ? what is it ? does it exist ... I think not !! haha :) 
I need help . So I work with some guy , OK ? he wants me to fix his computer because he got a virus doing some shit .. I can fix it no problem , well I did fix it . but I don't like the guy , he is a lazy < PROPMALE > . What should I do to his computer ? use your imagination , I can make anything happen . :) 
If only people really knew , and could see life through my eyes . I could change the world . nuff said . night peeps . 
Just assaulted a couple of slugs if you catch mah drift 
HI ! :] 
you . 
Work work work work work ... I like money ! 
Hey , < PROPFEMALE > ... I got my newish cellphone today . Downside is I don't have any contacts .. If you have my number please text me and say hi or somehthing and your name . If you don't have my number and ant me to have yours , follow the steps above with this number . 503 380 4817 
why must you always be < PROPFEMALE > freaking depressed ? it angers me . 
Fell asleep putting his little sister to sleep . 
Got off work :) going swimmin :) 
so me and < PROPMALE > are bored ... If you guys have any ideas please share :) were just walking around ... if you wanna chill or sumtin text me ! :) nighty night 
I need a social life . I'm bored . 
Got some thermal compound , and now to start upgrading the comp :) happy days 
You look great today :) 
Hey sexy ! Whatcha doin ? :) 
Can anyone say pizza ? 
No one understands me . Is that a good thing :) I think I may need a phych . 
I'm finally off work and it's raining ? too bad no one else likes to play in the rain .. :/ 
I want to learn a new language . FB , please help me decide which one . 
Happy summer to all you other people ! You are finally out for summer break and managed to survive school . :) good days 
Somebody needs a hug ! 
good morning cruel cruel world . :) 
what should I eat for breakfast ? 
Sleep is for losers 
Beach time ! 
Is having a great time at the beach :) 
Going on a walk . Care to join ? 
If only I had a license to kill 
Don't mess with the bison , or you get the arrow ! 
Bowling ? I do think so :) 
Plans for tomorrow ? 
haha ! your funny ! :) 
happy 4th boys and girls :) Don't do anything stupid and enjoy everything ! ;) 
For as good as tonight was , there was a lot of depression going around . :( 
What's on my mind ? Your on my mind . 
Good morning :) 
had an amazing day :) 
anyone wanna get coffee tomorrow ? 
learning Mandarin is hard ... xD 
Ashton : dude it sucks being nice ... like really bad . \ 
Josh : why ? \ 
Ashton : idk it does . \ 
Josh : be like me - a nice douchebag\ 
Ashton : haha ill see what I can do\ 
Josh : I don't know if it's possible to emulate me ... but ... you can always give it a whirl 
If you were the Avatar , what would you use your powers for ? 
got my bike all ready to go :) . tired 65 psi , new batteries for my gauge , and I'm ready to roll . :) any one care to join ? 
Kinda hot in these Rhinos ! 
trying to go to sleep before 1am . wish me luck 
Sitting at starbucks , enjoying my cool drink after my bike ride . Plenty of hot chicks :) thank you summer :) 
I'll be in the basement ! 
good day tomorrow :) I just have a feeling . 
Parents ... Fuck man .. Day ruiner ! I wanna get a good job and move out asap . 
Has a new found appreciation for my abilities and skills that help me solve the simplest of problems , that no one else can seem to solve . 
I think that there is a correlation between smart people and trains . 
\scientists and prostitutes get paid to do what they like\ " - < PROPFIRST > Hawking " 
one day I'll be < PROPMALE > , then I will just give my money away . 
The world is now a better place to be . :) 
Bounce ! pogo pogo pogo pogo JUMP BOUNCE UP DOWN ! 
my lil sister says : puuuuuu3 ;; pswo///nnnhigglllllllllllllllllllll0]\ 
28/47o331 
What's better then self pitty , rebellion , and drugs all wrapped up in a world of confusion and partying ?! Don't let stupid shit define your life . I hope your smart enough to stop and think . Gah 
my parents said to never talk to strangers , but I find that some of the best conversations I've ever had have been with a stranger . 
Does not understand , and needs clarification . Because I'm not a peoples person . 
Making brownies with < PROPFIRST > and mr hanke ! 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > pretty good day :) fixed 3 comps , what can I say ? I'm a computer genius :) haha 
feels like helping people with computer repair . if you have any questions , and want to save hundreds shoot me a text or something at 503 380 4817 . I don't charge , and I'm semi-experienced in computer repair . 
Would like to build a sauna , and sit in it all damn day . 
stupid fucking eyes ! you cannot see shit . bad days . 
Goin to fryes :) 
help me decide on a new computer case please ! 
Why are people on facebook if they're tired ? Get off and take some Nyquille or somthing FUCK , I don't want to read about your ongoing problems with RLS , or < PROPMALE > . 
is missing CAL 
Getting a new chassis and liquid cooling for my comp , a bunch of money later and I'm a happy man :) 
Luck always favors the prepared . 
concert this weekend with the parents . should be good :) 
sup sexy 
Just watched the movie A Few Good Men . FUCKIGN AMAZING 10/10 MUST SEE 
Many months of not bowling and I still have the worlds biggest bowlers thumb ... Fml 
Just watched Gran Torino . words cannot describe this movie , you need to watch it . If you don't have it send me a message and I'll lend it to you or something . WOW 
is disney land reall that great ? 
I should throw a party , and we should watch the entire Invader Zim T.V. show . 
Listening to quantum physics is extremely tough . 
Nuthin like a walk in the park to enlighten the soul . 
started the day out great ! got hit by a car and fucked up my $700 bike . Then biked to the waterfront with < PROPFIRST > on < PROPMALE>'s bike :) good days 
It has the mass of a < PROPFEMALE > , but it's the size of a city . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
why do people think were so old ? 
Mornin Bitches 
http://portland.craigslist.org/mlt/sys/1937408759.html ( computers & tech ) 
Just finished City of Angles . Great movie 
At the soccer game volunteering for the snack shack . Come keep me < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > company pl0x 
Watching a sprout tv show for my little sis , and the little girl in the show has a shoe fetish . What are they teaching kids today :/ ahahah 
Just bought his new processor :D should be here tuesday . 
People complain too much . 
I r iz coffe whore 
Volunteering at the highschool snack shack . You should come visit me and make my night 
\You have very beautiful eyes\ " .. \ " No there just dilated from the medication \"." 
well ... bowling the OJC tomorrow ; hopefully I will bowl good . I shot decent in league , 618 . Good luck to everyone bowling the OJC tomorrow , you're going to need it to beat < PROPMALE > and I 
BOWLING ! 
anyone have some homework I can do for them ? 
good morning 
well < PROPMALE > is gone for 6 months ... but we get to see him during Christmas ! haz fun buddie 
crazy night , with some crazy ass people X.X . I love Halloween 
sup beautiful ? text me 503 380 4817 
what is the word I'm looking for . Irony is the purest form of ( what emotion an I feeling ? ) . 
Anyone wanna help me do the dishes ? We could make it a party ! 
RRRRAAAAAGGGGGGEEEEEE !!!!! 
Bored . Someone should come over :) 
If you insist . Shoot me a number I can identify you with , and I will tell you what I really think about you and how I feel about you . That is all . Good morning :) 
4 . ) You're a pretty amazing person I envy your personality and love how positive , kind and sweet you are . I wish we would < PROPFEMALE > out more and think we could be really good friends . Cause your pretty chill :) 
any of you guys playing games and wanna use a voice chat ? install ventrilio and use this server . 98.108.146.56 3784 . and if you have any requests send them to me 
bowled decent all weekend .. need some practice though . and my right hand is infected ... hurts like a SON OF A BITCH and probably will have to go to the doctors .. woo lol . Mr. Hanke comes back next week FUCK yea ! good weekend of bowling 
give me something impossible and or really hard to solve . I'm bored 
Geology ? interesting 
4chan ... really Christmas music .. lame 
Got to see the first house I ever lived . Brings back memories . Good time :) 
You know I'd never let anything happen you're bacon . I love you santy clause . 
Slept through my alarm and 2 phonecalls ... 
These little kids on the < PROPMALE > are playing ninja .. If only I were not 4 times there size I would totally jump in . :) 
Hoes to the left , Hoes to the right . Five Hoes this time 
Just saw a guy get hit by a car ! Holy fuck 
Doing math homework tomorrow . Anyone wanna make a party of it ? 
Sleep in birthday suit , don't get woke up in the morning :) . I'd have to say win . 
league tomorrow morning ! (: haven't bowled in a while , it's gonna be fun :D 
Push me and then just touch me . So I can get my satisfaction . (: 
It just might snow ! Hell yea ! 
hey sexy ! ;) 
anyone have a ti-84 they wanna sell me ? ( prefer if its the + edition . ) 
Who wants to go bowling tonight ? Maybe rocket bowl or something ? 
Kyle : \Sometimes I wish a Polar Bear will find me\ " -Greenday " 
Nap time ! :))) 
woot ! Oregon rain is back :D 
just made some badass pumpkin spice tea with his new teapot and cups , thanks grandma 
who was that random person calling me ? 
ya man don't ya know . the internet is a series of connected tubes . there all over the city . I cannot believe you have never noticed ! 
Anyone wanna walk on me ? My back is killing my tonight .. It'd be appreciated \ 
:) 
anyone wanna go on a walk ? I'll buy some cigars (: 
Tourney tomorrow . Bowling with a 8 year old girl :D were gonna kick all your butts ! 
when i was a kid I was always like : I Cannot wait until I can grow a beard ! \ 
Now it's like : FUCKKK I have to shave today ... stop growing so fast . >.< 
God I love math :) 
Chemistry midterm +1 pwnt . Missed 1 question . Fuck neon . 
Done with my optimus prime speech :) no more speech anxiety ! Bowling Tonight , fuckkk yea . 
Bowling tonight . Who's in ? 
listening to the music from my keygen :D I'm bad ass > D 
< PROPFIRST > meets hot chick online Pt1 :\ 
\ 
Hotgirl : hey :) \ 
< PROPFIRST > : so what lvl are you ? \ 
Hotgirl : what ? \ 
Cody : what lvl are you on LoL ? \ 
Hotgirl : whats that ? \ 
Cody : League of Legends ... \ 
Hotgirl : Sorry I don't play . \ 
Cody : good bye 
just watched my speech .. >.< GAH so hard to watch , terrible video quality ! 
Skyler if you don't bowl well for the Highschool districts tourney , < PROPFEMALE > WILL EAT YOU . consider your self warned . 
Can I make you smile today ? :) 
plans for the weekend . Sleep sleep and more sleep . some help would be appreciated . come over anytime and just hop into bed . don't care who you are 
If only I had a cigar , I'd go on the best walk in the world rite now . Everything seems so peaceful tonight . :) 
anyone own minecraft and want a server to play on ? 
Guys , did moot really die today ? Or is it just a troll ? 
anyone wanna study some math ? I'm bored 
speech tomorrow .. God I hate public speaking 
Who has two thumbs and just got a no mercy beat'n ? This guy ! Its bowling teim ! 
long night of homework .. night guys 
Trimet halls ass in the snow ! < PROPMALE > speed 25 ! Woo .. If it were even a 2 hour delay I would not have had school today :/ 
ah the day , must you come to an end ? \ 
I have yet so much to learn , so much to do and so many to see\ 
but time is running out on today\ 
and as I come to see my final minutes of today\ 
I will begin to think of the things I might accomplish tomorrow\ 
though this day is coming to an end , the things and memories\ 
that I share with it will always be cherished and remembered . \ 
So heres to tomorrow Facebook ! good night 
guys , I need another T.V. show to watch . hook me up , and tell me why I should watch it 
Suit up ! 
Woo done with my last speech in speech class :) I really enjoyed that class 
is ready for next term to start :) , expect english 
zzfdg'l;kdfg ' ; kk\K : KD : LR\ " KFSDFIOSDFDSLKJFL : SDJFSD\ 
just finished watching ' a single man ' . wow , really good movie , but really dark . you have to be in the mood for it . it is a freaking weird movie . 
someone good movie , go ! 
about to watch waiting for superman , then going to bed . anyone wanna watch it with me ? lol 
woohoo finally done with finals ! :D 
Thank you every body for the happy birthday ! :) it means a lot coming from all you and I want to say thank you . I hope your birthday is or was as good as mine ! Call me in two years ! Then we will have a party :) 
Watch the movie stardust if you have not already seen it . Great movie . :) 
:/ night everyone , gl with school :) 
I'm beginning to like college more and more . I think 4 years may not be enough time . Just got done with my first class psych 101 , I'm excited :) 
About 20 cops just passed me .. Anyone know what's going down ? 
Friday ! What to do ... What to do ... 
If I had to wear something for the rest of my life , it would be slacks . Best invention 
