I'm actually on FaceBook for once ! Whoo ! 

Finals are over ! YESSS 
I don't even know what to do anymore . Hope that sleep will clear my head . 
One of the cats ( Train ) has a swollen place on his leg . Taking him to the vet in a little bit . My bet is it's a wolf worm ! >:/ 
Going to < PROPMALE > today . Furniture shopping :/ fun times ... 
I'm frickin addicted to < PROPFEMALE > Kool-Aid . I got those single packs so I would drink more water and I almost think it backfired . O.O I drank like 5 bottles . 
Full . Metal . Alchemist . Chapter . 107 . -squees- 
Dammit , I made a D in Physics ! A D ! I have to retake it now . Very angry . All my other grades were B's and A's . Stupid Physics . 
Does anyone else get creeped out when people over the age of 40 are on Facebook ? Maybe it's just me , but when my mom's coworkers start telling her about things I've said on FB , it bugs me a bit . ( set profile to completely private , though I thought it already was ... Take that . ) 
So tired . Left < PROPMALE > at 4am , got to TN at 5am . Slept until noon . Anybody get the plate < PROPFIRST > of that truck ? Cause I've got a bone ' t pick with it . 
R.I.P. Greed . After going to bed early I woke my ass up at 11pm to to watch your death scene . See you in 15 episodes . ( P.S. Father sounds like Hatori Sohma and it is WROOOONG D8 ) 
I just found out : < PROPMALE > IS LING\ 
That is all . 
Back in TN . Kinda bummed today . It's like a haze that I can't see through . Probably gonna watch Brotherhood ( yeah new box set rocks ! ) . 
What ' bout my staaar ??... Damn you < PROPFIRST > . 
This is the story of the little lion . She who followed , trusting , straight into a rusted steel trap . She who waited , hopeful , as her pride left her behind . She gnaws her leg to the bone to slip free , limping in the opposite direction . Time heals all wounds , yet she wonders what will cover the scars . 
Microbiology = boooooring . Just finished the last quiz of the summer . Whoo ! 
Why Battle.net, WHY ??? 
My dad stopped paying child support again . Great . I'm effed now . 
Wahaha ! My kittehs now has harnesses !! 
-insert private matters here- 
Needs to collect borrowed things before classes start ... 
So ran into my neighbor this morning as he was bringing a boxer into our \No-dogs-allowed\ " apartment complex . The place smells like smoke since he moved in . He fights with his girlfriend all the time . His door is constantly slamming . I want to move . " 
Halfway through classes now ! I have two more to go and should be done by 2:30 ! 
can't wait to get back to < PROPMALE > ! Whatcha want for dinner , hon ? 
Maybe now Facebook won't be so full of shit . 
There are no words to describe my hatred now . 
Men are stouter and and more muscular but woman's tolerance to pain/sickness > man's . Hands down . 
Class was canceled ! Whoo ! Now only half an hour until chem lab . 
Just finished homework !! -dies- 
I wants my spicy < PROPFEMALE > chocolate ... It would be tasty right now . 
I want Winter Break to hurry and get here ! 
These < PROPMALE > kittens will be the death of me . 
Whoo ! One manx baby adopted ! Kai-baby is going home Saturday ! 
Two more manx babies have homes !! Only one more to go , but he'll be the most challenging . He's the most timid of them all . 
just come on and come on and raise your glass for me 
\Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the\ 
Have a Organic Chem test Friday , FINALS all next week , and I have to change apartments Saturday . Bring it on !! D8 < 
I have an interview at Captain D's! Whoo ! 
Staying in Murraytown till my interview tomorrow is over ! Hope it doesn't snow tomorrow and mess up my plans . 
Love never dies a natural death . It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source . It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals . It dies of illness and wounds ; it dies of weariness , of witherings , of tarnishings . \ 
-- Anais Nin 
Cats are integrating nicely for now . Turnip is the aggressor and AliBell is standing her ground . Phinny is behind the couch but in sight . 
It's only funny because I can't feel my face . 
Going Christmas shopping with mom today . I dread the holiday rush @.@ 
Red Lobster has brought back their previously discontinued Lobster Bisque . My world is complete now . 
Purchased Avatar : the Last Airbender from iOffer . Should this transaction turn sour ... I BLAME BURDMAN . j/k 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !! * is elbow deep in Christmas cookin ' * 
Yip yip 
Computer is still in the shop . They closed at 5 , so I won't have my baby back for YET ANOTHER day . I'm a < PROPMALE > angry ... 
Finally got my computer back ! Also received Avatar complete series from iOffer and Cyborg 009 complete series from eBay . Avatar works great . Cyborg 009 is shit . Most of the disks won't even play . Damn you Malaysia , damn you ! 
So , since coming back to < PROPMALE > I got a job at the Vietnamese Cuisine place . Also discovered my first food allergy ... I've eaten there the past couple of days and am COVERED in hives . * itchitch * 
My reaction is finally going down after I went to the ER yesterday and got some steroid pills . Freakin hives . Waiting for T.C. to maybe call me in to work . 
Off to work ! 
Worried about the icy roads ... >.>;; I have class in an hour , but am seriously debating not going . 
No more class , no work , all snow . Awwww yeah . 
I've never seen so much snow in my life ... 
