Finally in Texas ! I must be getting old because I think I was sleeping by 11:30 last night . I couldn't even last till midnight :) 

hm my mind is stuck , how can it not be fate that I meet someone so amazing , so special , that my mind is never off them ? All I can say for sure is that I've never been happier ... 
They say that good things take time , but really great things happen in the blink of an eye . <3 :) 
So I just biked and ran a combo of 15 < PROPMALE > ... I'm so pumped I don't think I'm going to get much sleep tonight . :( 
Last day of school ... woo ! Spending the day hiking with Croix ... maybe go fishing . :) 
WOW ... so evidently I have alot of family who uses facebook ... :) 
If roses grow in Heaven , \ 
Lord , pick a bunch for me ~ Place them in my daddy's arms & tell him \ 
they're from me ~ Tell him that I love & miss him & when he turns \ 
to smile ~ place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while ~ \ 
Because remembering him is easy ~ I do it everyday ~ There's an ache \ 
within my heart that will never go away . Copy and \ 
paste if your dad is in Heaven . <3 RIP daddy ... I love you . <3 
so upset ... my car is dead ... again . 
why can't I sleep ... :( 
Ugh ... court today and I am SO nervous . and noooo I did nothing wrong , and I am NOT getting in trouble lol . BUT my children's college educations depend on this ... I find it crazy we have to < PROPFEMALE > when someone is killed wrongfully to prove their worth as a human being . Isn't it enough my boys will grow up NEVER knowing their biological father ??? 
Having a sleep-over \party\ " ( as she calls it ) with the coolest kid ever . :D " 
I ... am ... so ... bored . ugh . 
Talkin to my mama through this fancy talkin device called the internets even though shes in the next room ... :P 
Really hope all the creepy old men who like to discuss their prostates are out of the gym right now . I really don't feel up to hearing about it all tonight . 
I really wish I had found something fun to do this summer . grrrr I should have joined that softball league . I am way too bored ... 
I'm very lucky to have such a wonderful loving boyfriend . Thank you Steven ... my pink roses are beautiful . And yes , you did make my day . :) <3 
A\ 
U.S. military member is somewhere in the world missing their family \ 
while you’re at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to \ 
read this , military members all over the world are not only saving \ 
lives , but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military \ 
Appreciation week . Re-post this if you are in the Military , love a \ 
Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the \ 
Military . 
Going to go get my boys who have been camping all weekend . Evidently Croix learned how to swim with out floaties ! :) 
Hm no matter how upset I get someone always cheers me up . :P Thanks hun . I love you . 
Going to the park with the boys ... time to climb some trees , jump in the creek and run around like a nut . :D 
hmmmm don't really want to go to the gym but its the routine and I really hate to break routine ... hmmmmmm somethings wrong with me , I know . :P 
My Phone is off probably for most of today . My crazy stalker is at it again ... and no my stalker is not male . How funny is that ? GO AWAYYYY 
Hm I need something to do today and I think the kids are bored of the park . 
<3 <3 <3 I love you < PROPFIRST > . <3 <3 <3 ... you are the most amazing person I have ever met . :) 
taking a sunset stroll in the park with the prettiest little < PROPFEMALE > she has ever known . :) 
Yay , the day is over so hopefully my bad luck is too ! 
I'm having a much better day . Very excited I can countdown the days ... :) 
at the mall with the boys ... building bears and drinking bubble tea :P 
abouut to drive over 2hrs to pick up an old friend whos boyfriend is treating her like crap . Going to be a long night but i cant leave her like that when shes asking for help ... should have brought someone with 
Packing up to go camping this weekend with the kids . :) Its pirate weekend at the campsite ... this should be interesting . lol 
Gone Campin ' :D 
omg im so lost . Was supposed to be there over an hr ago according to my directions . No one around here even knows where the hell this place is . The best answer i got is im prob at least 20mi over my dest . Screw it . Im buying a gps . Im so frustrated i want to cry . 
I don't know whats wrong with me today . I am in a bad funk . I need to get out of it . :( 
Ah ... nothing like viewing the people of walmart to cheer me up and make me feel better about myself . Kind of nice to know if I'm feeling gross somewhere out there a big fat black lady smashing herself into a bikini 10 sizes too small for her and heading out to go to walmart ... 
So anyone familar with places to stay in Fayetteville , NC ? Just reading reviews on places to stay and trying to find some place decent ... I have had an idea where I'm going to book for a week now but I want to make sure . :) 
Getting excited for the things that will be happening soon <3 
I am so relieved ... :) One out of two of my paychecks that \mysteriously\ " ( long story ) disappeared showed up in a laundry basket just sitting in my room ( full of the boys winter clothes I was about to put away ) which has been searched up and down . Now if only the other one would do the same ! I think the big guy has my back . lol <3 " 
Happy ... have good news , yup . All I can say for now . lol <3 
I hate being alone . :( Feeling blah ... kids went to their grandparent's for the night so they can go on vacation and it just hit me that they are gone . What the heck do I do with myself and how can I make myself stop being so sad ? Wish I went with the girls to ocean city even though my eye problem was acting up .... 
Just got my oil changed and my car serviced . Now I'm bored ... anyone want to do something !? 
Leaving in my pajamas at 4 am ... driving until I hit NC .... will arrive late afternoon ... by this time tomorrow night I will be with < PROPFIRST > ! yay ! Hurry back !!! I'm so excited ... 
On my way to NC ! :) <3 
crossed into nc . Two more hrs :) 
YAY im here :) 
sooooo nervous :P 
yay ! hes here !!! 
Having an amazing time with my wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > <3 . He makes me smile and laugh so much my face hurts . :P This is going to be the best week ever and is already by far the best time I've had in a long time . I love you hun ! You are the best thing that has ever happened to me ( besides the kiddos you guys are tied ) and I feel blessed to have you in my life . :D 
Having a great week with my < PROPFEMALE > . :) Hes so amazing . <3 
Not looking forward to this week ending but I'm having fun spending time with my baby . :) I'm going to pray the days slow down and Sunday takes forever to get here ... <3 
Blah ... Thats how i feel right now :P 
on my way home to < PROPFEMALE > . Cant wait to see the kids or my sweetheart in two weeks . I had so much fun relaxing and spending time with u hun . I love you . :) 
Im feeling so alone and lost right now . Could use someone to talk to but i dont want to bug anyone . If anyone is not doing anything and wants to talk call me . 
wtf ... 
Its going to be a better day ... nothing I can do till Thursday so I'm just going to relax and wait instead of driving myself crazy . Sorry to anyone I didn't get back to yet . Its a painful and overwhelming subject to discuss and I was out of my mind upset yesterday . I'm lucky to have such a great boyfriend to pull me out of my funk . I love you hun . :) 
Life is good and no matter how much jealous people try to break me and the people I love , it isn't going to work . No matter how much you wish it wasn't this is real and I'm not backing down . :D 
Hmmmm ... my ex is a lying piece and he is so going down . :) Now to save up for that lawyer's fee . I'm so excited to be getting my baby back soon ! 
Hmmm does anyone know where is a good place to work in town to make good tips ? I'm thinking about trying to work night shift as a waitress ... the diners all have sucky tippers for the most part . :P 
Ah well hello again insomnia ... I was hoping you weren't coming back . blah . 
YES !!! Sands Casino saw my resume and bumped up my interview to next week instead of the beg . of September !!! :D I'm so excited ! 
wow what a depressing day . Ugh i feel like crap . 
Woke up having a nightmare today . I guess stress is finally getting to me . Gooooo away stress ! :P 
Today ended up being another bad day and I don't like that because I'm usually a very happy person . Tomorrow I'm waking up and FORCING it to be a good day . :P 
Being interviewed at Emeril Lagasse's Chop House today in the Sands Casino ... wish me luck ! I'm excited . :D 
Had a great day and a great job interview . :) I think I got the job but we shall see ! 
YAY !!! Evidently it is very hard to get this job but I am on step 3 of my interview process ... hair sample and background check . I was told I have a few more steps after this too . I guess by the time this is all said and done I will have the job in a month ? But ya ... GOOD NEWS ! I passed the first two initial interviews !!! :D 
Packing up and getting ready . Going to go see < PROPFIRST > soon . <3 :) 
All ready to go ! So excited . :) I love you hun . <3 
ugh stuck in a traffic jam that hasnt moved an inch in a half hour . I love the NE Extension ! :P 
In Minnesota now and evidently doing a lot of snoring . Heyyyy i have allergies < PROPFIRST > . Lol 
Finally getting over my Strep throat and able to enjoy the rest of my trip with < PROPFIRST > and his family . <3 :) I'm having so much fun . 
Home and missing the love of my life already . Missing him makes me love and appreciate him more than you can imagine . I can't wait till next time . :) \ 
\ 
<3 I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > ! <3 
It is Friday night and I am bored out of my mind . I miss < PROPFIRST > . I need to get a hobby , lol . Anyway ... anyone else bored and want to do something ??? 
Bored today ... no kids ... guess I'll have a beer :P 
mmmm a baked potato .... beer ... and the history channel . its a good night . :) 
Blah :( I have so much on my mind today I could scream . Can't wait until I find my light at the end of the tunnel . 
I have a new obsession with The Dresden Files . :P 
Ewww just got caught in an extremely cold hard downpour waiting for the boys school bus . That was horrible :P 
I love love LOVE the fall and everything about it . Especially Pumpkin Iced Coffee .... mmmm . <3 
I can't believe my son Croix is going to be 8 tomorrow ... Where did the time go ? 
YAY ! My son Croix is 8 today . :) On another note ... I have absolutely the most amazing boyfriend ever . Thank you < PROPFIRST > <3 
Waiting for Starcraft to finish downloading ... gah this is taking forever . 
Went to court today for < PROPMALE > .... I guess you could say I won . My exes whole defense for what he wanted looked stupid to the mediator and everything fell apart for him . I got 50/50 and he was ordered to give her to me IMMEDIATELY and to NEVER do what he did again . :) Now no one can ever take my child legally away from me again . I knew he wouldn't beable to get away with it ... Thank god . 
hahahaha I missed < PROPMALE > ... I'm getting a show right now . Shes singing and dancing . 
UGH ... Bad news is I was just woken up at 5 am from a phone call .... Good news is if I can actually get back to sleep now the school dist has a two hour delay thanks to extreme flooding and school may be canceled completely in the next few hours . Stupid school auto-dialer ... * yawn * 
Despite having the stupid school's automated system wake me up at 5 am I am in a great mood . Mainly because I know good things are coming . :) 
ummm ... I just yelled at my 4 yr old to stop doing something shes not allowed to do and she yells back with attitude ... stop trippin mom . How the hell does she know what that means ? This kid kills me , lol . 
I feel so lucky to have the amazing man I have in my life ... I couldn't ask for anything more . <3 
Ew I hate that jerk of a principal at Tohickon Valley ... get a life you moron . I will drop my kids off where I feel comfortable that they are safe . I don't care if it makes a line . Their safety is more important to me and I'm sure the rest of the parents using the drop off area agree ... Oh and its rude to be pulling open peoples car doors and trying to take their kids out . Your a tool and can kiss my butt ... :P 
COFFFFEEEEEEEEE ugh ... wish I had some caffeine today . I need to wakeup ! :P 
Whether we are very near or far apart , you are always with me close to my heart <3 Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks or so baby ! I love you . :D 
<3 Five days <3 
Can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > . :D <3 
Happy i married my best friend . :P 
hmmm just wondering why so many houses in San < PROPFIRST > TX have bars on their windows . I find it creepy ... Here that means your in a bad area but it looks like almost EVERY house there has them ? Anyone know what this is about ??? 
WTH is wrong with me today ? lol I'm emotional mess because none of the kids are home today ? I need a head examination so I can get back to enjoying my ALONE time . :D 
GRRRRR really now ? I've been married a week and I need crazy ex repellent in bulk . Oh not for my exes either . LOL 
mmm toasted cinnamon bread and tea . <3 My tummy feels warm and happy . :D 
Some jobs just opened in my area that I can walk to ... cross your fingers someone hires me or at least doesn't put a restraining order on me for bugging the crap out of them about it ! :D 
It\ 
is amazing how someone can be hundreds of < PROPMALE > away from you , and the \ 
mere thought of them still puts a smile on your face ! True love has no \ 
boundaries ! ? I love you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kaun ! ? 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . :) The day started bad and ended great ! 
On a date with @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > kaun at chuckie cheeses :P 
I dont regret what i did :) HOpefully some kids life will be better for it ... 
My idiot of a brother just puked all over the bathroom and walked away . Looks like a war zone . GRRRR 
* sigh * I miss you . :) 
I often wonder why everything has to happen at once . Three big things on my plate right now that I keep praying it will all work out . I'm oddly calm and collected about it though . :) 
Parent Teacher conference ... ugh . I HATE these things . I'd rather go get a root canal . lol 
So blah tonight . :( 
About to go to < PROPMALE>'s Parent Teacher Conference ... 
I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kaun ! So close to moving down to TX and starting our life together . <3 I'm excited ... :D 
Bored out of my MIND :P 
20 Days :) 
UGH Nothing says fun like walking your kids to school when the neighborhood is flooded , you have no umbrellas and the bus is late . I think my shoes are ruined , my pants were soaked walking through mid calf waters and my coat is about 5 pounds ... that was horrible :( 
craigslist kicks butt :D 
< PROPFIRST > signed the lease to our place today . :) I'm so excited ! And I just found a ton of pretty much new furniture on craigslist . So that means we now have our dining room and living room furnished . LOVE craigslist ! 
12 days left ! I'm getting excited . <3 
I ordered something online for my husband for Christmas ... it is so cool I'm going to burst trying to not tell him what it is ! :D I'm so bad at keeping surprises . 
Sorry to everyone I haven't kept up with in the last month or so ... I have been getting ready to leave . Between packing , Christmas and the kid's stuff I am ready for a break . I promise I will be around more soon . :) Leaving for Texas in 2 days . Can't wait to see my husband and settle in . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! <3 
Worst freakin night of my life . Croix and < PROPMALE>'s family hates me and won't talk to me because I'm leaving the 26th . The was the most awkward Christmas ever . fml Want to feel like the biggest jerk alive ? try watching grandmom cry all night and every time she looks at you . grrr 
Wow , the drama gets worse . Thank god I am done with it ! 
I am hoping and praying this blizzard passes quickly and greyhound doesn't close their bus lines because atm they are down and may be still tomorrow by the time I would have to leave . :( \ 
I just want to see my husband ... so pllllleeeeaaasssseee go away snow . 
Is suppose to be on her way to Texas right now where it is WARM but thanks to the snow I am stuck . grrrr 
Just want to get the hell outta here ... I hope I never see snow again . :P 
waiting at a greyhound station hoping they did my tix right since every1 is so rude here they cant explain anything right 
ive had it ... Total time stuck in VA ... 7hrs ! i want to scream . I cant take this anymore . They redirected me for a bus 4 diff times only to get turned away . I may not be leaving here today 
Baking lasagna and looking forward to a quiet evening playing video games with my husband . <3 
kids started school today :( I hope they have fun and make friends . I miss them already ! 
So i know its snowing up there in < PROPFEMALE > for you guys ... just thought you would like to know it is a < PROPFEMALE > 73 degrees here in texas today ! :D 
ugh f-u new facebook profile crap . I DO NOT want it ... 
waiting with dinner on the table for my hubby to come home from work . <3 
omfg ... whataburger is freaking amazing ! 
omg its so hot in tx today . Im sweating my butt off waiting for the kids at the bus stop ! 
you ... suck .... 
Going to the Alamo today . Yay ! I've been waiting for this :D 
Both boys are home sick from school today with colds . BOOOO :( 
So does anyone have any idea why the hell my skin would go NUTS when I never have bad skin ? Do you think climate change can do this to someone ? Its the only thing I can think of . I'm too old for this crap . Why couldn't this happen when I was a teenager like it does to everyone else ? :P Anyway , going to get it checked out when I can but its just REALLY painful ... 
I think I'm going crazy without the net ... Or tv or radio or any other form of entertainment for that matter . Lol 
Snow day in Texas ! Everything has been closed and cancelled for a dusting of snow , lol . 
Have the internet for a bit today ... yay :) 
getting my hair done atm . Im nervous ... hope it turns out good because its a big change :) 
Has been pretty spoiled the last few days :) Its because I have a good husband . I feel lucky ! 
Going out with the husband tonight ... dressing up and surprising him with a present ! :P Noooo not that get your mind out of the gutter ! 
Still not feeling good at all ... blah . :( 
So bored . I need a hobby . I looked for volunteer work but there is nothing here I'm qualified for or can do right now . Any ideas ? 
MMMM Just made the most delicious cheeseburgers thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kaun's good ideas . <3 I love weekends and having him home ! 
Watching some people get busted or arrested for something right in front of my porch . Of course I'm being a jerk and sitting and watching . Wish I knew what was going on , I'm nosey :) 
omg so tired of planes . Ugh 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Repost if you agree 
Just got done running around the house opening all the windows because it was beautiful and breezy out . Opened the last one and it started raining HARD . Had to run back around and shut them all again . Oh well , lol . :) 
Boring day ... what to do , what to dooooo ... * sigh * 
Very angry today ... I'm tired of people trying to invade my privacy . 
Researching my family tree ... its fun , confusing and time consuming . ah ! I think I'm stuck though ... 
