Pray for < PROPFIRST > 

Last day home before college ! 
might be packed ... maybe 
ick ... homework ! 
almost done ! only reading left 
YAY ! ZIP LINING !!!!!! 
Canoe trip ! 
in Myers , it's so weird not having everybody here ! 
my floor is slanted and it is bugging me ! 
done with exams , now what ? 
class canceled ! 
ONE WEEK ! 
is super excited ! 
wishes she could have gone mud sliding ... but didn't know about it until it was over 
actually likes the song stuck in my head right now ! 
aristotle is giving me a headach ! 
all of the sudden very , VERY hyper !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just found out that the Little Miami bike trail goes through Springfield ... someday I plan on biking home from Witt ! 
swing club was so much fun !! 
Cause I'd get a thousand hugs From ten thousand lightning bugs As they tried to teach me how to dance 
PUMPKINS !!!!!!! 
Remember , remember the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot , I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
woman without her man is nothing ... you decide 
without a song or a dance what are we ? 
CAN IT BE TUESDAY YET ????? 
wishing I could whistel ... 
hyper and homework do not go well together 
one more < PROPFEMALE > , one more day , ONE DAY MORE ! 
within 24 hours of bing home , i've alredy made brownies 
i think I look like roudolph ... 
plotting to take over the world with my sisters ! definately a morning well spent 
Happy Christmas ! 
packing ... 
I feel like dancing ... 
life lesson for today : \fish are fish and time is short \"" 
Something has changed within me , something is not the same . I'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game . Too late for second-guessing , too late to go back to sleep , it's time to trust my instincts close my eyes and leap ! 
is on a date with three girls ... eric's not invited 
I like to move it , move it ! 
back at Witt , spring break was AMAZING , now time to return to reality 
apparently I talk in my sleep , too bad < PROPFEMALE > can't remember what I said 
Ick , the rain needs to stop , please 
why is it snowing ... but even more importantly why is it sticking ?!?! 
i'm in the mood for cookie dough ... 
Can I go live in Neverland so I don't have to grow up ? 
< PROPFEMALE > De Zarn is pretty awesome !! 
Saddle up your horses , we gotta trail to blaze ! 
YAY watching Avatar in the Hallow !! feels like summer ! 
HYPER !! and LOVING every minute of it !!!!! 
Yay Bollywood night !! 
meh ... 
feeling SO much better this morning ! 
DONE !! now , just 3 exams left and I can start summer ! 
love the thunder and lightening !! 
Happy Motgher's Day Mom ! 
I'm tired of goodbyes , I wish my life wasn't so full of them right now ... 
getting really excited for camp in ONE week !!!! 
Congrats to all the Sycamore seniors who are graduating today ! 
Heading to Marmon Valley Farm later today ! My address for this summer is \ 
Marmon Valley Ministries\ 
7754 State Route 292\ 
Zanesfield , OH 43360\ 
I would love to hear from you this summer ! 
missing everyone from Marmon Valley , I had so much fun with you all this summer ! 
Thursday at 7 salsa dancing at fountain square ... who's in ? 
packig ... ick 
Today was amazing , the visit to Marmon Valley was exactly what I needed ! 
:) 
We succeeded in tackifying our room ! < PROPFEMALE > De Zarn 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes ! 
Tonight was a WONDERFUL end to a long week ! Not much can beat fire , hanging out with friends , talking to < PROPFIRST > , and a movie with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I had a really great time in Ireland . Heading back to the States soon ... wish I could stay here just a little bit longer . 
Cafeteria trays and snow make the best study breaks ! 
I had lots of fun at Marmon Valley , sledding behind the gater , not failing ( completely ) at little kid snow boards , HORSES , and getting to see lots of amazing people ! 
And I will listen to His voice \ 
Could it be that He is only waiting there to see \ 
If I will learn to love the dreams \ 
that He has dreamed for me \ 
Can't imagine what the future holds \ 
But I've already made my choice \ 
And this is where I stand \ 
Until He moves me on \ 
And I will listen to His voice 
