Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > last night ! Now to work on more pics lol ..... 

thinks it feels like Sunday 
Going to the lake ! Thanks goodness for a vacation ! 
Back from the lake and had so much to catch up on ! Gotta go work at CHS this weekend though .. 
wants to go back to the lake ! 
thinks 1 yr . twins are hard to photograph and especially when they do a cake smash . I know we got some good ones though ! :) 
trying to get some work done today because I will have my little < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
Got a prego lady coming this afternoon for her last set of maternity photos but first I am going uptown . :) Have a good day everyone ! 
Has had 3 cake smashes in the past week ! I have 2 appointments today and lots to work on . Busy Busy Busy ! Thank goodness . Have a good day everyone ! 
we played monopoly until 2am and still wasnt finished ! We gave up ! Have a good day everyone ! 
Putting in a order and then im gonna see my little < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Going to the lake today for < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day party and tonight Big Brother comes on ! 
working on several different shoots .. 
need to get somemore work done . Big Brother comes on tonight ! Also I cant wait to see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie . Have a good day everyone ! :) 
ok I might be a blog stalker because I follow 27 blogs lol ... ok now I'm oing to start editing some shoots ... :) 
just got done with a great newborn session ! 
going fishing this afternoon with daniel , mark , and shell ! 
Charleston wedding today ... very excited because its a photographers dream wedding ! 
is ready for the beach ! 
Going out ... will add more pics in the < PROPFEMALE > Moments album when I get back ! :) 
is beach bound today ! 
Playing catch up after being out of town for 2 and 1/2 weeks 
time for more work . I iwll be posting 2 sessions in a little while so stay tuned ! Excited about < PROPFEMALE > and Kennly's playdate this afternoon ! 
Cake smash at 3pm today ! Very excited ! 
Has a newborn session today ! 
Just got done with a great session ! Little girls are always too cute ! 
Has a appointment at 6pm ... then Big Brother tonight ! 
Just got done with another great session . Oh and I got some angel wings in today ! Now I have got to go uptown and just by the hospital . Have a good day everyone ! 
I have got to get some work done now ! 
Doing some work and then heading to the lake this afternoon ! 
gone to the lake ! 
is so glad to be home ! 
watching the young and the restless and eating some lunch ! 
getting some breakfast 
About to leave to go work at CHS , then going out to eat with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , and then the football game . :) 
is ready for a website makeover 
thinks that its so funny how many different color icing rings I have clean from around the tub after all these cake smashes ! LOL ! 
goodnight all ... I will be posting a cute session tomorrow so stay tuned ! 
going to go cook some lunch ! 
I just bought some new seamless backdrop paper ! very excited ! 
Little Kennly came and did a photo sessio and wore my elephant Halloween costume ! cant wait to post them ! 
is not very motivated today ... 
making < PROPFEMALE > Moments Photography a facebook < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > Moments Photography now has a fanpage ! Become a fan ! :) 
Just saw a clip on tv when < PROPFIRST > Swayze was behind Demi Moore when she throwing < PROPMALE > on the potters wheel in Ghost . All I can say is ummmmm haha :) 
Working at CHS all weekend .. 
Beach pictures today ! Very Excited ! 
My cats are running around like wild people because of this cool weather lol ! 
Going to go fix me some food and then going to go get my hair did ! 
Its great to be back in SC ! 
Thanks to everyone ! 
Lots to do today but I'm ready ! 
Shoot at 8:30 this morning .. kind of chilly outside :) 
Appointment in a few minutes and then taking < PROPFEMALE > to the fair tonight ! 
Appointment at 9am and then uptown with moma ! 
Has had a very busy day . I worked on 3 sessions and then painted the my studio room . 
Is about to get ready to go uptown and then coming back to put a second coat of paint in the studio room . Also True Blood and Twilight fans dont miss the Scream Awards that come on tonight at 10pm on Spike ! 
Just got done with the finishing touches on painting the studio room and now im going to go outside and rake ! lol 
Is a Christian and proud to say it ! Let's see how many people on facebook aren't afraid to show their love for God . Repost this as your status ... The catch is , each time you see this on someones status say a quick prayer for the person who posted it !!! God Bless !!!! 
very tired after a long day 
taking < PROPFEMALE > to the Fall festival at Peace tonight ! 
Going trick -or- treating with Lalya tonight ! 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
Little Eston is coming at 11am to do a newborn session and then off to Hobby Lobby to finish shopping for the Christmas look for the Studio . Have a good day everyone ! 
Gong uptown for a bit . :) 
Chicken and Dumplings for supper and then working on more proofs ! 
goodnight all .... 
Breakfeast and then working on more proofs . Have a good day everyone ! :) 
working at CHS today ! 
lots more work to do but I think I need to go to bed ! 
did lots of Christmas shopping today ! 
Going to fix me some breakfast and then working on more proofs ! 
needs to get motivated ... 
has a great time at the Southern Christmas Show in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to go see New < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Very excited b/c I am going to go see new < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I had a great date last night ... Ruby Tuesday's and the we saw New < PROPFEMALE > !! It was great ! Cant wait to see it again with < PROPFEMALE > next week :) .. Off to CHS .. then a shoot at 4:30 pm and off to < PROPMALE>'s! 
I am very thankful for everything in my life ! 5 wonderul years of marriage , a great family , good business , great clients and their wonderul kids ! Oh and I am very thankful for skin softening software haha : 0 ) .... Happy Turkey Day everyone ! 
Shopping was insane this morning but < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! We got everythign we went for and more lol :) 
Putting the tree up today ! Now I need to get some work done lol ! 
Calling it a night ! 
Working at CHS all day today ! 
goodnight all ! 
Another day at CHS and then a appt . at 4pm if its not too cold lol and putting up some Christmas lights tonight hopefully ! 
is married to her best friend and love of her life for 5 years today ! I love you < PROPFIRST > !!!! :*) 
is done Christmas shopping but havent wrapped a thing LOL ! 
is attempting to wrap presents lol ... 
is delivering more pics today and hopefully going to < PROPFIRST > and Shell's tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
Happy New Year Peeps ! :) . 
Off to go to hobby lobby , office depot , McLeod to see my papa , and then going to take pics of Cayden .. Have a good day everyone 
Going to go read alittle and then going to bed . Goodnight Everyone !! 
loves Fedex overnight shipping ... 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... my husband is a wonderful man and my best friend !!! 
Heading to CHS to work ! 
I Love my mom !? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate . So make sure you appreciate them while you still have them ... once they are gone it's too late ! 
What's on your mind ? WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST and the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste 
If you are a woman with a wonderful MAN that works hard and loves you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between and by the grace of God I have one ? 
Working on some proofs and then I dunno what else lol ... Have a great day everyone ! :) 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st 
What's on your mind ? if you are or were proud of your daddy for all the things he has helped you with , taught you how to do , was there whenever you needed him to talk to and is a blessing to you each and everyday .. copy this to your status . 
really needs to make up her mind on what she wants to do for the photography show downtown .. think < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! 
New Email Address : CarolinaMoments@yahoo.com .. Send me a email so I can add you as a contact . 
Of course it would be my weekend to work with all this ice lol ... Daniel is going to drive me b/c tonight looks like it will be real icy when I get off . 
Look back and thank God . Look forward and trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Repost and if you don't need God to open some doors for you , just delete this . 
is working on designing some stuff today ... come on < PROPFEMALE > be creative ! 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkitive , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss u , 6 = club head , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love u , 21 = gorgeouse , 22 = the best4 
going to bed b/c I am < PROPFEMALE > tired ! 
Glad to be home but loved the experience of going to the PPSC convention ! Now back to work ... :) 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today b/c they are filling up fast ! 
thinks the Canon 7D Camera needs to be mine lol ... gone to eating lunch ! 
Cake smash/ 1st Birthday shoot this morning and snow this afternoon ... this day can't get any better ! 
This mornings cake smash/ 1st birthday went great and I got lots of super cute shots ! Now what to do with the rest of my day ? 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! 
its snowing !!!! 
is going to work today in all this but at least my hubby can drive me ! :) 
Happy Valentines Day < PROPFIRST > ! I love you more than anything in this world ! We have been together for 10 years ( married for 5 of those ) and I have enjoyed every < PROPFEMALE > . of it . We have always been best friends as well as boyfriend/ girlfriend and husband/wife and I think that makes a difference . Can't wait to spend many more with you babe :*) ... 
working on some proofs ........ Have a good day everyone ! 
Please pray for my Papa , hes in the ER again ! 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! 1 more morning appointment and then all mornings are filled up ! 
Cutest Kids Contest ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! One morning appointment left ! 
Just ate lunch , now I'm about to wash the dogs and then working on proofs the rest of the afternoon ! 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! 
Working at CHS today and then VERY excited about a birdal shoot this afternoon !!! 
Gone to CHS to work and then to Robbies Birthday Party ! 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! March 6th & 7th , 20th & 21st .. Make your appointment today ! 
Working on more proofs .. Can't wait for the Cutest Kids Contest this weekend !!! Still taking appointments ! 
Seniors graduating this year or in 2011 call me about senior pictures !!! The first senior that gets in touch with me and makes a appointment gets a free session bc they are going to be my model ! Refer your friends to me and get discounts ! :) 843-25 0-0 345 
Free Senior Session has been booked ! 
Got to see my little < PROPMALE > last night and he is sooo sweet ! Can't wait for church tonight to see all my new friends and to get a spiritual refill ! 
Working on more proofs .. Can't wait for the Cutest Kids Contest this weekend !!! Still taking appointments ! Remeber to bring Colorful outfits and cute accessories ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming home today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Still taking appointments for the Cutest Kids Contest this weekend !! 
Still taking appointments for the Cutest Kids Contest this weekend !! 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Church was wonderful .. Cracker Barrel was yummy ... Now Cutest Kids appointment and then Church tonight ! Great day ! 
s your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Taxes !!!! Enough said ... 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
working , working , working .... 
Had some good times with some great people tonight ! 
Goodnight all ! 
Would love to be home on this beautiful Saturday ... oh well , going to work at CHS ... 
Going to CHS again today and Faith Chapel tonight ! :) 
My new camera is heeeeeerrrrrrreeeeeeeeee ! I AM SO EXCITED !!! :) 
Using my new camera today for a senior session !! 
Ordering Portraits today , cleaning the house , working on proofs , < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday ... good day ! :) 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Lunch ... Then more proofs :) 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day everyone !!! Also , Happy Birthday to my little < PROPFEMALE > ! Shes 2 today ! :) 
Lunch ... 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 3457 hours ago · Comment · Like 
Is your child the cutest ? Enter into the Cutest Kids Contest and see ! Discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my model for the year and gets a free package ! March 20th & 21st and also during the week if needed .. Make your appointment today ! 843-25 0-0 345 
Going to the TKA soccer game tonight with my hubby and friends ... Going to practice with my new camera again , I love it ! 
Had a great time with everyone tonight ! I love all my new friends ! :) 
More Cutest Kids appointments today and then < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday Party ! 
Lunch ! Then I am transfering all my new pics onto the computer ! 
I love my little < PROPMALE > ! 
Calling all Seniors of 2010 or 2011 .. Call and make your appointment today ! Refer other seniors to me and get free stuff !!! 
Calling all Seniors of 2010 or 2011 .. Call and make your appointment today ! Refer other seniors to me and get free stuff !!! 
working , working , working ... lol 
Warmer weather = Outside portraits !!! Call and schedule your Beach or Outdoor Portrait Session today ! 
I had a great time with my friends today at Corona and < PROPMALE > E Cheese ! lol 
Home for shooting a wedding all day and man I am so tired ! It was a wonderful wedding and I got some wonderful images ! Now for something to eat , clear off camera cards for tomorrow , then putting my aching body to bed ! I am going to my first sunrise service tomorrow morning and doing family pics for the church ! Happy Easter Everyone ! :) 
Sunrise Service :) 
had a great time with my church peeps at Brusters tonight ! We took < PROPMALE > with us ! Him and < PROPFEMALE > had a doggie sunday and they loved it ! Now he is soooooo tired because all the kids played and loved on him ! I love my little boxer :) 
is going to eat lunch while some proofs upload .. 
Warmer weather = Outside portraits !!! Call and schedule your Beach or Outdoor Portrait Session today ! 
Calling all Seniors of 2010 or 2011 .. Call and make your appointment today ! Refer other seniors to me and get free stuff !!! 
< PROPMALE > went to the vet this morning and he weighs 11lbs ! :) 
had a great time at the USC spring game today as well as some great shopping with Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
had a great time at church tonight and a wonderful time with all my new family at Cracker Barrell ! 
Voting for the Cutest Kids Contest will start tomorrow and you will be able to vote for 1 week . The voting will be here on the fan < PROPFEMALE > and then there will also be a poll on my blog . The final 2 will be voted on by a group of people that know NONE of these kids . Please only 1 vote per person per day . 
Please tell your friends and family to become a fan of the < PROPFEMALE > to vote for your child ! Remember whoever wins get a free package and gets to be my model for the year !!!! 
All Cutest Kids photos are posted ! Now everyone look really good and decide which one you will be voting for ! Voting starts tomorrow morning at 9am .. Please tell you friends to come and vote ! Voting will also be on my blog too ! 
Ok Momas ! 30 mins until the voting starts for the Cutest Kids Conest ! 
go to < PROPFEMALE > Moments Photography and vote for the Cutest Kids Contest ! 
so glad to be home from work . I missed all my Faith Chapel peeps today !!! :) 
the senior show was great tonight ! It was great seeing some old friends ! :) 
Oh where Oh where can the Fedex man be ? :) Lots of prints coming in today ! 
Looking for models for Senior class of 2011 ... Anyone interested ? Email me at carolinamoments@yahoo.com ... 
< PROPMALE>'s soccer team is awesome !!! 
OK ! The top 2 in the Cutest Kids Contest are < PROPFEMALE > and Jayden !!!!!!! I will annouce Monday who is the winner ... Thank you so much to all the fans and the Momas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I had a wonderful time at the Take the Stage concert tonight and hanging out with all the Faith Chapel peeps . Also had a great time walking for the March of Dimes today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! I am so tired ! Up early tomorrow to cook for church and then going to church ! :) 
is sitting here drinking diet Mt . dew out of a coffee cup ( don't drink coffee ) thinking how I don't won't to work at CHS today . I much rather be home in the sun by the pool with my husband . oh well you have got to do what you have to do ! 
Happy Mothers day to all the wonderful Moms out there !! I love you Momma ! :) 
Hey Everyone ! I won't have a phone until Saturday or Monday ! I am about \ 
to go crazy lol ! So if you need me , email me please and I will try to \ 
keep checkng it often . I miss my blackberry ! :( 
My phone is working at the moment ! Hopefully it will stay alive until I get my new one ! Working on proofs all day and then shooting a prom tonight ! :) 
Off to applebees with < PROPFIRST > ! I can't wait for the foxtrot tomorrow because we get to see some great friends we don't get to see often ! 
had a great time today at the Foxtrot with < PROPFIRST > , Lindsey , < PROPFIRST > , Cayden , and her family ! Man it was so hot but worth it . Church tomorrow with all my Faith Chapel Family ! :) 
My dog snores worse than my husband does ! LOL ! 
would love to be at the beach right now ! 
< PROPMALE > weighed 20lbs at the vet this morning ! 
I really think my dog is part jumping bean :) 
catching up on LOST before I start working again .. Happy Friday everyone ! 
We had a great time with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > tonight ! < PROPMALE > was right , the fried corn on the cob was wonderful ! :) 
working at CHS today ... 
Feeling kinda down tonight ... Tomorrow will be a better day .... 
had a wonderful time at church tonight . Everytime I go , its like alittle booster to get me through the next couple of days until I can get my next mental/spiritual booster . I really believe that we are ment to be at Faith Chapel and have all these new people to be in our family . 
really enjoyed the coupon class this morning ! I can't wait until the next one ! I finally got to watch the LOST finale and I thought it was great ! I am kinda sad its going to not be on anymore . About to go fishing ! Have a good rest of the day everyone ! 
Try this ... Scroll to the bottom of your \ 
facebook < PROPFEMALE > and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters , click\English\ " \ 
editing photos , then alittle more of my book , and then bed ! I can't wait to see my Faith Chapel peeps tomorrow ! :) 
Lunch today with another photographer ! I love talking with other photographers and bouncing ideas off each other . Then back home to post some pics and work on some others . Have a great day everyone !! 
Just did a mini photo shoot of < PROPMALE > ! Will post the pics shortly ! :) 
All MCS Prom pictures will be at the school today for pick up ! 
Everyone check out all the new pics from the Foxtrot and the < PROPFEMALE > Festival ! Night ! :) 
I had a great time at church today and also at lunch with all my Faith Chapel family ! 
had a great time by the pool with my hubby and < PROPMALE > this afternoon . Now we are on the way too church and the to < PROPFIRST > and Shells to watch True Blood !!! :) 
Happy Fathers Day ! Daddy I love you ! 
I had a great time with some of the Faith Chapel ladies today by the pool ! < PROPMALE > is so tired from all the company . He is also now a white boxer with red koolaid spots thanks to one of the kids ! LOL Love yall !! 
had a wonderful time shopping with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! I spent $56 and saved $176 !! 
YEAH ! GO COCKS ! 
GO COCKS !!! 
Very excited about Eclipse tonight !!! 
Eclipse was soooo awesome !! I am still team < PROPFIRST > all the way ! I already want to see it again ! 
ok so I just watched Remember Me and all I can say is oh my gosh ! I never expected what happened in the end ! 
almost home after a 9hr drive home from Nashville . We only stopped twice ! < PROPMALE > has done so good the entire trip . He slept all the was there and all the way back . I love my boxer ! I will post pics asap so everyone can see what we did on our trip ! I had so much fun ! 
Silly Faces Sessions can now be scheduled ! $100 \ 
per session which includes the sitting and a 10x10 collage on \ 
matboard !!! These sessions are your kids dream because they get to be \ 
themselves and have a great time ! The collages are great for kids rooms \ 
or great conversation pieces for your living room !! Call and make your \ 
appointment today ! :) 
.. If\ 
you have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , \ 
who works hard and would do anything for you , who makes you laugh and is\ 
your best friend , whom you want to grow old with , who is your world and\ 
who you're thankful for every day & every night , then post this as \ 
your status ! 
Taking appointmnts for Silly Face Sessions !!!! Great gifts for Grandparents Day and Birthdays ! Also great pieces to < PROPFEMALE > in kids rooms !! 
Booking appointments for Senior Pictures ... 16 free wallets to all Seniors who book now !!! 
Working on proofs and then < PROPFIRST > and Shell are coming tonight ! Yay ! 
never would have known a year ago that tomorrow we would be joining a church . Going to Faith Chapel has truely changed our lives and I can't wait to see what God has in store for us next . :) 
Don't be impressed with your own wisdom . Instead , fear the Lord and turn away from evil . The you will have healing in your body and strength for your bones . Proverbs 3:7 -8 ... This is my favorite verse and it holds so true in my life . This is the verse that I will quote this morning at Jubilee Sunday !! :) 
Jubilee Sunday was AMAZING ! :) 
Going outside to weed eat and man its gonna be hot ! I will be getting in the pool afterward ! 
No worknight tomorrow night for my Faith Chapel Family ... tell everyone :) 
Me and < PROPMALE > are gonna go read some THE WORD and then I am photographing sweet < PROPFEMALE > today !!!! 
working on some senior pics ... :) 
Please pray for my < PROPFEMALE > she has a hole in her bowel and is going in for emergency surgury .... 
Home from a awesome wedding today ! I am soooo tired ! < PROPFEMALE > is still in lots of pain so please continue to pray ! They were suppose to get her up today but they ended up not doing it . She has a long road to recovery but I know she can do it ! 
I am up here with < PROPFEMALE > and she is a lot better since the last time I saw her ( Friday ) . Her pain seems to be under control and she's more herself . She told me a couple of minutes ago that we needed to do something with her hair LOL . Please continue to pray for her and thanks for all the prayers that have been done already ! :) 
we are currently in the Beauty Beyond Beauty Salon at McLeod washing my grandmas hair and making her beautiful ! lol now this is a experience ... 
ok so this morning I got up really early ! Did you know its daylight at 6:30 am LOL ? So I went to Papa's to cook him breakfast and then made it to the hospital by 8:30 am ( my normal time to get up ) . < PROPFEMALE > is doing so much better ! She is up going to the bathroom with assistance and no IV ! She is also in better spirits . Oh and she got grits , eggs , and bacon for breakfast ! thanks for all the prayers ! 
my grandma is doing so much better ! They are talking about sending her home tomorrow :) 
at the gamecocks practice in columbia in the heat . I hope < PROPFIRST > knows I love him lol . 
Very excited baby Eliot is here !!! 
Now < PROPFIRST>'s grandma is in the hospital ! Please pray ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s grandma's heart rate has leveled out and she is ok . please continue to pray ... 
I just met baby Eliot and she is awesome ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to be a big sister to a little boy !!! I think they are going to name him Bentley ! 
~ Atrue friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They loveyou for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time withoutspeaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you .... are ... blessed .... with at least .... one true friend . They will .... know whothey are ! ~ 
Very excited to be apart of the Fall Bridal Show ! < PROPFEMALE > Moments Photography will have a booth , so everyone come out and see ! Its going to be 10-10-10 from 2pm-7pm ... I will remind everyone closer to time ! Just very excited , so I had to share ! hehe ! 
I am laughing so hard at < PROPFIRST > at this moment ... he is singing \No Scrubs\ " by TLC LOL ! " 
Loves my hubby ! I am going to find me a pumpkin today ... hopefully the farmers market has them now ... if not then I am going to hobby lobby to find a fake one LOL . Fall modeling session this afternoon and then hopefully a football game tonight :) 
check out Elegance Boudoir Photography and tell me what you think ! Like the < PROPFEMALE > please :) 
So much to do and so little time ! lol ... everyone \like\ " Elegance Boudoir Photography " 
Ok so after going to a festival in aynor yesterday , going to SHE Saturday , and then to the USC Game last night and walking 2.5 < PROPMALE > I officially feel like the train has hit me LOL . I had a wonderful Saturday though . Some great times with some good friends and a night with my hubby ... :) 
Everyone become a fan of Elegance Boudoir Photography . :) 
I had a wonderful afternoon with my hubby ! :) 
Lunch ... then working on more proofs . :) 
GO COCKS !!!!! Yay !!! 
So very excited about being apart of the Bridal show at the Mall today ! Its my very first one , so everyone come out to see my booth !! 
is so pumped for this bridal show ! yay ! 
Bridal show was awesome ! Now ready to go home , get in my pj's , relax , and work on getting some proofs out . Thanks for everyone that came out today and thanks to my hubby who helped me so much ! I love you babe ! :) 
we took < PROPFEMALE > to the fair tonight and she LOVED it ! That child loves to ride rides . Yall should have seen Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > and her ride all the kiddie rides lol ! :) 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . I will be working a wedding all day today but hey its what I love to do . :) 
we are gonna have a baby sometime in June of next year ! I am so excited ! :) 
Thanks everyone for the great birthday wishes and all the great comments about is having a baby . I feel very loved hehe :) 
31 Party at my house Saturday morning at 11am . Coffee and Doughnuts ! Everyone is invited ! If anyone needs directions please let me know ! :) 
31\ 
Party at my house Saturday morning at 11am . Coffee and Doughnuts ! \ 
Everyone is invited ! If anyone needs directions please let me know ! :) 
I am so tired after trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > and some other peeps . She was a nurse this year . She was so cute in her pink scrubs ! :) I will be posting pics soon . 
my doctors appointment went great ! We got to see the little baby ! < PROPFIRST > tagged me in the pic so take a look ! So excited ! :) 
Photography one of the few jobs were you can \shoot\ " people and \ " cut their heads off\ " . :) " 
So much to do in so little time ... can i scream now ? LOL 
Omg ! The mail man just brought the news paper for tomorrow with all the black friday ads in it ! yay ! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! I am thankful for so many things and so many people . I am extra thankful this year for this little baby in my belly that God has blessed us with . :) 
up to go shopping and man is it early(3am) ! We love it though :) 
Dear Gamecocks , Please win this game so my husband will be happy . :) 
Finally got the tree up ! Yay ! 
Lunch , 2 appointments this afternoon and working on more proofs in between ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been married 6 years today ! I love him so much !! :) 
doctors appointment went well ! My blood pressure was good , no weight gain and we got to hear the heartbeat ! We go back in 3 weeks to find out if its a boy or girl . :) . 
tired after a long afternoon of Christmas shopping . 
omg ! watermelon jolly ranchers are so yummy ! I want a pack of just those please ! :) . 
Omg ! Watermelon slush from Sonic taste just like a watermelon jolly rancher !! yum !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! :) 
had a wonderful Christmas . I can't wait until next year because it will be even more wonderful because the baby will be here . I am excited to finally feel the baby move too ! 17 weeks prego ! :) 
bathing suits in khols ? these people are crazy ! 
this time next week we will know if the baby is a boy or a girl ! :) 
so we find out if the baby is a boy or girl tomorrow ! I am taking a poll ... do yall think its a boy or girl ? :) 
its as girl !!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
does anyone know of anybody with really tame bunnies ? 
5 months prego today ! Baby < PROPFEMALE > will be here before we know it ! :) 
Thank you Lord for your many blessing . This is going to be a wonderful year .. I'm claiming so .. :) 
Getting my hair done today by the awesome < PROPFEMALE > Nealey at Shear Madness ! Cant wait for Professional Photographers of South < PROPFEMALE > ( PPSC ) Convention ! :) 
doctors appointment went great and 301 for lunch ! Great day ! :) . 
Had a great time at the PPSC Convention ! Learned lots of great things and was around some awesome photographers . :)) 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > Powell today ! :) 
Ok so if your phone accidentally falls in a clean potty , put the phone and battery in a bag of rice and it will be ok in 24 hrs ! Thank the Lord ! :) 
6 months prego today ! < PROPFEMALE > will be here before we know it ! :) 
God is fond of you ... if He had a refrigerator , your picture would be on it . :) 
So tired after 6 appointments today . Supper and then relaxing . :) 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are eating some ice cream and < PROPMALE > is eating some Beggin Strips .. all is good . :) 
just ate a cheeseburger and french fries at the mexican restaurant . < PROPFEMALE > doesn't really like mexican food but her daddy sure does . :) 
5 Guys for supper ! Yum Yum ! Me and < PROPFEMALE > are loving this ! :) 
Had a wonderful baby shower ! I am so thankful for all < PROPFEMALE>'s new things people gave me . :) 
28 weeks prego ! Hello third trimester , hurry up and be over so we can meet sweet < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
4D ultrasound today ! So excited to see our baby girl ! :) 
So < PROPFEMALE > was being stubborn today and wouldn't show us her face . We saw her feet , hands , ear and we definitely know she is a girl lol . We are trying again next Tuesday . :) 
Can't wait for my baby shower Today ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Hunsucker < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Cantey , and < PROPFEMALE > Arbitter Boatwright ! 
Sooo tired after 3 photo shoots today . Way to much for this prego chick ! We go again for the 4D tomorrow morning . Pray she decides to show us her pretty face . :) . 
