I can't say much ... much are just words ... there not real ... 

baci :) 
intensity ... good or bad ? mostly forced to see the bad result ... 
Oh baby dont you know I suffer ? Oh baby can you hear me moan ? You caught me under false pretenses . How long before you let me go ? 
The truth is hiding in your eyes . And its hanging on your tongue . Just boiling in my blood , But you think that I can't see . What kind of man that you are , If you're a man at all Well , I will figure this one out on my own 
Being off from school leaves so much time for fun !! Its amazing :) 
Today might possibly be the BEST day of my life , so thank you . I don't think I have ever felt so loved in my entire life !!! Your simply the greatest and I would never change a thing about you !!!!! I love you too ( You know who you are ) 
So i'm pretty proud of myself for carrying on 2 different conversation in 2 different languages today ... for the first time lol . a little confusing to keep the right language with the right person but it was exciting to know i could :) 
Stop making assumptions ... they are ALL wrong !!! 
Go watch the video I posted ... you can see what I get to on a daily basis . 
Some debts will never be repaid ............... 
so yea , im getting a tattoo on Saturday ... so stoked :) 
after 4 excruciating hours , i have the most AMAZING tattoo ever !!!! 
I want to learn how to ball room dance .... some takers ??? 
How did we get here ? I use to know you so well . How did we get here ? Well , I think I know 
wearing pants is incredibly painful due to this tattoo of mine ... grrrr 
Nothing you can know that isn't known . Nothing you can see that isn't shown . Nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be . It's easy . 
I won’t soothe your pain . I won’t ease your strain . You’ll be waiting in vain . I got nothing for you to gain . 
I am such a lucky girl . I couldnt have a better family and i have the greatest friends . I love you guys . Sharing the love <3 
A thousand kisses ; but give me none in return , for they set my blood on fire . 
Courting needs to make a come back . Lets work on that gentlemen ;) 
Old World .... i know , i know 
your arrogance will be both your rise AND fall 
WELL , I LOVE A LOVER THAT FEELS LIKE YOU . WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAG ALONG ? 
Exhausted , need sleep 
Baci <3 
I miss the beach so much !! I miss the smell , the warm water that sparkles so beacutifully with the suns reflection , the seeminly endless conversations with my < PROPFEMALE > that i havent seen in ENTIRELY TOO LONG . Time is passing by too quickly these days 
sorry everyone who is trying to talk to me , my computer is not working properly 
The fire in your eyes is blazing , and it burns right , right through me . 
Moving into a house in less than 2 weeks !!! yayaya 
So from the looks of how school has been going lately , I think there is a good < PROPMALE > that my classes are going to become online classes for a week or so ....... I'm not so sure how I feel about that 
Don't you know you drive me crazy , and I'd love to get to know you . Here I am so won't you take me and blow me away . 
Go ahead and ask me the question you have been waiting to ask ? I want to hear it . 
Home from work early . Relaxation 
One of my guests last night took his wife of 39 years to have dessert with us simply because he read in the newspaper that our Molten Cake was listed as one the top ten desserts in the Piedmont and promised to take her to every restaurant on that list for the next month ! That has to be the sweetest and most thoughtful I've heard in a VERY long time . Its just that simple . 
I'm such a lucky girl :) 
Your tale , sir , would cure deafness 
love looks not with the eyes , but with the mind 
excited to see < PROPFIRST > clapton tonight !!! should be some great entertainment for the evening . 
Things always tend to pile up , don't they ? 
once your happy , you can keep her forever 
I got the greatest complement yesterday , I totally needed that to pull me out of this , so thanks . :) 
Tuesday : addiction conference/ Saturday : Experience HENDRIX concert/ Tuesday : Russian Ballet Company's Cinderella .... very exciting next week :) 
Trying not to be sick so I don't ruin my wonderful weekend plans 
Can't seem to hold you like I want to . So I can feel you in my arms . Nobody's gonna come and save you , We pulled too many false alarms . 
Watch my \Sassy Gay Friend\ " videos -- Hilarious !! " 
How bad do you have to want something to actually make you do something about it ? 
18 hour days are really wearing me out . I cannot wait for summer to arrive ! 
I am so excited to go to the beach for < PROPFEMALE > !! Educational yet fun ... hopefully 
Di ' la verita ! 
If you want more love , why don't you say so ? 
I want to have a lazy day ! That would be so nice to have ! I could even use it to paint .... this will not be happening for quite some time 
Watching Bones and studying Italiano 
Voglio tornare < PROPFEMALE > spiaggia < PROPMALE > essere libero 
I'm taking it slow . Feeding my flame . Shuffling the cards of your game . And just in time . In the right place . Suddenly I will play my ace 
Don't you know you drive me crazy , and I'd love to get to know you . 
Can't wait for summer to start , one of the very first things I'm going to do is making a little painting room/various other purpose room , get myself an easel , and paint as much as possible . All the inspiration keeps building up every day !!! 
I don't want to be alone tonight 
I'm not sure how I feel about all this competition ? Its a little overwhelming if you ask me .... theres a reason why nature doesn't do it .... 
\One fairer than my love ? The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun . \"" 
OKAY , < PROPFEMALE > !! Think Shakespeare : love , lust and revenge ! 
If it's loving that you want . Then come and take a walk with me , walk with me . Cause , everything that you need , I got it right here baby , baby 
I need a cocktail 
\All that I am or ever hope to be 
And this black romance is so enticing/ And this < PROPFEMALE > is worth the fighting/ But is it worth deciding that I am just like you ? / I don't want to deny my heart its < PROPMALE > to feel/ I don't want to deny my soul something real/ Is there anything left in this world that will satisfy you and me ? 
Study for the next 24 hours !!! I can do it ! 
I'm exhausted ! 
I want to go back to the beach ! 
Music is especially touching me today :) 
Don't say a word , just come over and lie here with me 
Some music just makes you have to close your eyes for a second and smile , it feels so good ; I like having that music around , I couldn't live without it ! 
I'll never let your head hit the bed/Without my hand behind it 
Excited and nervous 
\ ... Put out my senses ... \"" 
I have no faith in human perfectability . I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity . Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise , than he was 6000 years ago . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe 
A girl needs a little romance in her life <3 
So , LYING is basically just another word for cowardice ! 
Staring into your lying eyes 
And giving yourself to me can never be wrong , If the love is true 
And though it is much to be a nobleman , it is more to be a gentleman . < PROPFIRST > Trollope 
It's easier to change your perspective than to change the circumstances . Things aren't going to change all at once . 
Don't want to forget come daylight , and i give up , i let you win , you win cause i'm not counting , you made it back to sleep again , wonder what you're dreaming 
It must be difficult to let go of something so beautiful .... 
la < PROPFEMALE > è troppo breve . Voglio bellezza e amore e passione <3 
All it took was one remarkable and unexpected complement to turn my entire day around and made me feel alive and that I'm not alone even when I may feel that way <3 Roses 
I can't wait to go back to the beach . I need to get out of this town for a couple days . Something about the beach that makes me smile :) 
She got the power in her hand To shock you like you won't believe . 
A special thanks to < PROPMALE > Cotton for always pleasantly shocking me when it come to matters of the heart , topics I'm always interested in . Your lady is a very lucky woman . 
Saw the most beautiful and up close shooting < PROPFEMALE > last night when i was driving home at 2:30 am . Did anyone else see them ? 
I can't be tamed . 
lunch shift was canceled for today , I'm hoping to make money tonight tho !!! Cross your fingers ! 
\It is only with the heart that one can see rightly ; what is essential is invisible to the eye\ " < PROPMALE > de Faint " 
I'm ready for change , in fact , I need one . 
But when the fire is gone ... Who are you ? Who are you now ? Who are you ? What are you so scared of ? 
Thou < PROPMALE > to me a delicious torment ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I've had a wonderful day ! I hope tomorrow is just as good ! Happy 4th of July 
You don't need a good man , you need a champion ! 
“Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality . ” Poe 
But I don't want some pretty face . To tell me pretty lies . All I want is someone to believe . 
The death of a beautiful woman , is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe 
I got really excited when I thought I found a REAL LOVE LETTER going through my grandmothers things tonight .... turns out it is a < PROPFIRST > Bennet song lol . Would have been so romantic had we found out she had a cruise ship romance nobody knew about . Love you Granny !! 
“How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults , or resolution enough to mend them” < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Thou wouldst be loved ? - Then let thy heart From its present pathway not part ! Poe 
I have no time to dote or dream : You call it hope -- that fire of fire ! 
You're not sure that you love me But you're not sure enough to let me go Baby it ain't fair You know you just keep me hanging round You say you don't wanna hurt me Don't wanna see my tears So why are yous till standing here Just watching me drown 
And she got me high , And I hardly noticed there were tears in her eyes . 
SHARK WEEK ! 
LADIES NIGHT !! 
I hope you think of me when your with her 
Lets hope I come home with a puppy tonight !!! 
Apparently I'm my chiropractors loudest patient lol .... This weird body of mine . I feel so much better !!! 
I Love Thunderstorms <3 
I am getting angry with Time < PROPMALE > Cable !! 
< PROPFIRST > , we seriously have the BEST conversations ! 
Exhausted ! 
Buying books and getting ready for school . Feeling motivated ! 
I would be especially excited if I was pleasantly surprised . 
I lost my phone . 
Apparently I set the atmosphere for love seeing how almost every one of my tables were holding hands either over or under the table ... I wish some would rub off on my own life ! 
When falsehood can look so like the truth , who can assure themselves of certain happiness ? < PROPFEMALE > 
“Love is patient ; love is kindand envies no one . Love is never boastful , nor conceited , nor rude ; never selfish , not quick to take offense . There is nothing love cannot face ; there is no limit to its faith , its hope , and endurance . In a word , there are three things that last forever : faith , hope , and love ; but the greatest of them all is love . ” 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn . But that's NOT alright because I DON'T like the way it hurts . 
You gave me quite a little thrashing , but your switches are so flowery that I can't be angry with you and the fragrance of those flowers has intoxicated me enough to soften the harshness of the thorns . ~ Marcel Proust 
Enjoyed my first scuba diving experience last night !! Very excited to put these lessons to good use ! 
Had some DELICIOUS sushi with my family . Yummy :) 
Scuba experience #2 : I was finally able to equalize .... YESSSSS . Plus I liked my little surprise in the water :) 
CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or has had cancer . 
Sono assonnato , < PROPFEMALE > ho troppo lavoro da fare 
Love and Hate , there is such a fine line ... 
Having such a great time in scuba class !!! I am almost a certified diver ! Yay 
I need to get out of this country ! Try something different ! 
I love my parents ! We have so much love in our our family . Love you too sis ! 
I’d listen to her\ 
Cause I know how it hurts\ 
When you lose the one you wanted\ 
Cause he’s taken you for granted\ 
And everything you had got destroyed .... Beyonce 
working in the bar at green valley grill tonight , Come see me ! 
I need a study < PROPMALE > for plant diversity , who wants to quiz me ? 
Made an experimental but yummy dinner tonight ! 
I need a tropical vacation in my life , one that involves great dives , cool breezes , the hot sun , relaxing beach and colorful cocktails ! 
Worried about our little muffin , < PROPMALE > . Everyone say a prayer or a wish ( whichever you prefer ) to say that he will be all better REALLY REALLY soon ! 
I am now a certified diver !!! Cant wait for some tropical divin ! 
Taking suggestions : Which restaurant should my birthday festivities take place at ? 
Cell biology take home test .... I really don't like you and you are ruining my week ! 
Ok , I'm ready to go diving now .... warm water please ! 
Who wants to collaborate ? Maisano's have 2 of the 3 for all the monopoly properties . Split the prizes ! 
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds , Or Bends with the remover to remove . O , no ! It is an ever-fixed < PROPFIRST > , That looks on tempests and is never shaken . It is the < PROPFEMALE > to every wandering bark , whose worth's unknown , although his height be taken . < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes ! 
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds , Or bends with the remover to remove : O no ! it is an ever-fixed < PROPFIRST > That looks on tempests and is never shaken ; It is the < PROPFEMALE > to every wandering bark , Whose worth's unknown , although his height be taken . Love's not Time's fool , though < PROPFEMALE > lips and cheeks 
My entire back will not stop hurting me ! Im in serious need of a massage ! Please ! 
Thou blind fool , Love , what dost thou to mine eyes That they behold , and see not what they see ? They know what beauty is , see where it lies , Yet what the best is take the worst to be . Shakespeare . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Enjoy spending time with your families and friends 
So sweet was ne'er so fatal . < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Already struggling to get through this week . Finals are the worst time . :/ 
Unthrifty loveliness , why dost thou spend\ 
Upon thyself thy beauty's legacy ? 
O , never say that I was false of heart , Though absence seem'd my flame to qualify ! < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare . 
\To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life . \"" 
Ever thine , Ever mine , Ever ours <3 
WHY am I so wide awake when I have only had 3 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours !? 
Lovin ' some Cake Boss haha 
YESSS !! I got the human anatomy lab < PROPFEMALE > position ! 
Finished my first day working in the lab , it went GREAT ! 
Thanking my lucky stars ! That groundhog did NOT see his shadow and we are headed for an early spring ! Sun , I need your warmth :D 
What a HORRIBLE day its been 
Are goldfish and crucian carp always drunk ? The answer : yes !...... well , kinda 
I really love my job working in the physiology lab :D 
I love my < PROPFIRST > , he is the sweetest <3 
Teach not thy lip such scorn , for it was made For kissing , lady , not for such contempt . - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare - 
1 test down , 3 to go + a paper and some research + packing the house before I can escape to the beach with < PROPFIRST > . 
A happy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Yard Sale Tomorrow Morning from 9am-3pm , my place . Ask if you need directions . LOTS of stuff for sale ! 
There's no way to measure what your love is worth 
Can I just take a pass on the next 5 days ? Thank would be great , thank you 
I'm so deeply in love with the most wonderful man <3 
I'm burnt out , I can't study anymore . 
Who wants to go see the \Bodies\ " exhibit ( at the natural science center ) with me on Saturday ? Contact me :D " 
If you have a post saying I sent you something about top stalkers , please ignore it , I have no clue what it is or how it got on your pages . Don't open it just in case . 
Can't wait to be under the warm sun with < PROPFIRST > :D 
