Happy New Year to all ! Here is to a happy , healthy 2010 ! 

Going to have dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys . 
working nad not wanting to be here !!!! 
is washing her work clothes for work tomorrow . It is going to be a long day ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the father's out there . 
about to go grocery shopping , go to some open houses and then go on vacation for the week at the beach !!! I can not wait - This break is much needed . 
I am excited about going out this weekend !!! It is sad I know . :) 
Getting ready to go to Pheonix Landing with the girls ! 
Had an awesome time last night . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Annoyed at realtors and the home buying process !!! 
Wishing I were at home with a good book . 
Wishing it were 5PM . I am ready to go home ! 
Packing the apartment for the move , 13 days to go !!!! 
Getting ready to go out on the water !! 
Is wishing my dad a quick recovery from his knee surgery . Hopefully home tomorrow ! 
Am looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > after his being away all week at camp on the Cape ! 
In the new house and loving it , although not completely done moving from apt . yet . 
Finally out of the apartment ! Now the fun begins of arranging the new house . 
To top off a crazy week ... Cameron gets pneumonia !!!! I have decided that I must be cursed ! 
Can't wait to send the three boys to bed so I can relax !!!! 
About to start cleaning up ; having a few friends over for some food and fun ! 
I am ready to go home . This week has sucked !!!! 
Trying to recover from a fun night out and then waking up 3 hours later and I need to function ! 
is slowly getting over this nasty cold/flu that kicked my butt last week . 
I am finally back at work and wishing I was home in bed ! Thank you for long weekends ! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful Halloween ! 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph as your own status . You'll be surprised at what people remember about you ... 
I want an ice cream and no one will go and get me one ! 
Getting ready for quick trip to LA ! Finishing up last minute work stuff so I can relax for a few days . 
Had a great surprise when I got to LA my sister remembered my favorite kind of bread ( which is not available on the East Coast ) without my having asked her to get it for me ! Its the little things that make you happy ! 
Happy New Years , everyone ! Here is to a great 2011 . May all your endeavors work out and may good fortune come your way in whatever form you need it . :) 
< PROPFIRST > is sick AGAIN !!! UGH !!!! 
Playing Hexbugs with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Who knew something so simple could be so much fun ! 
Introducing facebook to my old man ( dad not husband) ! LOL 
Am grateful for all the wonderful friends I have ! I Love You All ! 
Sometimes you just want to SCREAM !!!! 
For all those men who say , ' why buy the cow when you can get the milk free ? ' . Here's an update for you ! Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage , why ? Because women realize its not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage !!!! ------ KEEP IT GOING GIRLS Copy and Paste ! - this was too good not to post ! hahaha 
Enjoying the piece and quiet with no children . Wish I had 1 more day off . 
Just had a race with my son on who could get to sleep faster ! the things you do to get kids to go to sleep . :) 
** BHS CLASS OF 1995 ** CHECK YOUR INBOX AND VISIT THE GROUP < PROPFEMALE > FOR DETAILS ON OUR CLASS REUNION AND PURCHASING OF TICKETS !!! 
Watching Saw VI ... First 2 mins GROSS !!! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! do not join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!!!...!!!!! Please rotate ... this post to all Your Friends on facebook . " 
Fed up with everything ! 
TGIF !!!! 
Sitting at the hospital with my mom waiting for her to go in for her shots . 
Can't believe they cancelled school and it is not even snowing yet !!! 
Getting ready to go to Boston with < PROPFIRST > , my dad and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
Trying to beat this cold and I am losing ! 
Am resting after fixing the dryer hose . Still trying to recoup from bout of Bronchitis and Sinus infection and dealing with family issues . 
Hates the 24 hour child sick rule for schools ! < PROPFIRST > has no fever and is feeling fine , but because he got sick in school he can not go back until Friday !!!!! 
Thank you to all who have wished me a happy birthday ! It made my day that much better . 
Got Dance Dance Dance Revelution for my birthday and thought I would be ok at it ... I was sooo wrong !! 
Hate people who cause problems for you and then act as if they are your best friend . It's so fake !!! 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > got his Yellow Belt in Karate !!!! GO < PROPFIRST > ! He was able to sit still and listen and got everything right . I was so proud of him . 
Is looking forward to the weekend and the trip to Philadelphia . 
Packing for Philly trip . Thank god < PROPFIRST > stayed at grandma's house . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
at a Beatlejuice concert ... having a blast ! found out my son knows how to breakdance . Very funny . :) 
I have 3 kids running around the house screaming ! Calgon take me away !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is having a sleepover with both of the neighbors kids ! We have 2 beds and yet they all cram into one . I remember doing that as a kid . The good old days ! :) 
sitting at < PROPFIRST > waiting to go to Vegas ... 
Finally In Las Vegas , settled in and about to go to bed . What a day !!! 
Happy Birthday , Auntie < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Enjoying the nice warm Vegas weather ... finally ! 
I am at the upper < PROPFEMALE > pool at zion ! I made it !!!! 
Just found out I have to go into work tonight and box up some files . 
The new Nightmare on Elm Street movie ... not so good . :( 
RIP Fatty ! We will miss you . 
< PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > , Good Luck today I know everything will be perfect and I wish I was there to see it happen ! Make sure you send pictures !!!!! 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!!!!!!!! 
A true friend can go long periods of time w/o speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has \ 
been ... REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this ! 
I am not sure if allergies or cold , but either way it stinks to be sick !!! 
I have missed the first 34 minutes due to Comcast and a Fox blackout !!! I am so mad !!!!!!!!! 
Wishing everyone a great weekend ! 
RIP Rue McCLanahan ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s baseball team just won their last game of the season 9-8 ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers and soon-to-be fathers out there ! 
Looking forward to my high school reunion this weekend ! 15 YEARS !!!! Can't wait to see everyone . :) 
Getting ready to see some old friends ! Take it how you want ! :) 
BHS Class of 95 - Thanks for a fun night ! It was great seeing everyone . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband ! Hope you have a good one . :) Love You ! 
Happy 4th of July !!!! 
Have been up since 4:20 AM . Woke from a dead sleep because I forgot to send out an email related to work ! Are you kidding ?!? What is wrong with me ? ( Rhetorical question for all of you who were going to list what was wrong with me ! :) ) 
Getting Cam to Camp , mom to hospital , waiting 3 hours for her to go into surgery , work , pick up Cam from Camp , feed mom and my cats , visit mom , come home do laundry and more work ... I am TIRED . 
Getting house ready for my mom to come home tomorrow . Laundry , grocery shopping , a little furniture rearranging , feeding cats and hospital visits . Sounds likea fun Saturday ! 
Going to Tufts Medical to wait with my dad for stepmom to come out of surgery . 
< PROPFEMALE > is out of surgery and doing well . Still in recovery , though . 
Will be going to Maine in 7 hours ... So excited , I can not sleep !!!! 
We are home and every muscle in my body aches from all the hiking and swimming we did . I had so much fun , wish we could have stayed longer , but had to come home early b/c mom got sick . :( 
Doing some work , watching Poltergeist and listening to < PROPFIRST > laughing at Furry Vengence . What a night . 
At Fenway for Cam's first Red Sox game !!! 
At my mom's doing a fashion show for this weekend's bachelorette party . What to wear ... what to wear ... 
on my way to LA !!!!! 
IN LA !!!!!!!! 
In Gloucetser watching the surfers and waiting for < PROPMALE > to hit . 
Yesterday , one of my younger sister's got married it was beautiful . When it was time to give the speech that I had worked on for 2 weeks , I forgot most of it and then bawled like a baby ! How embarrassing ! It was a beautiful wedding and she looked gorgeous ! Will have to wait to have others post pictures b/c I left my camera at hotel . :( 
Testifying tomorrow ... very nervous . 
I believe that people who move to this country have a right to keep their beliefs and hold onto their languages and their heritage , but if you have lived in this country for 18 years , I think you should be able to speak and understand English ... I mean really ?!?!? 
Taking a break from the trial and am in California with friend , < PROPFIRST > , just relaxing . Much needed ! 
Contrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for welcoming a beautiful baby girl this morning , Ryleigh < PROPFEMALE > . 
Had fun with < PROPFIRST > and Kat last night , although , they put me to shame as I went to bed at 1 AM and they were still going strong . Now , I am packing and getting ready to head back to Las Vegas , for the rest of the trial . Am sad to leave my California friends . :( 
Can't wait to leave Las Vegas ! 
I can't believe that < PROPFIRST > is 8 today ! Happy birthday to my little man ! 
Went to Canobie Lake Park Screamfest last night . < PROPFIRST > went on his first adult rollercoaster - The Corkscrew but he could not make it through the haunted house . Maybe next year ... 
Happy Halloween ! 
Happy 5th Anniversary to my wonderful husband ! 
Whatever I have been fighting has finally one ! I am sick with the flu . I have 3 layers on and am still freezing ! 
Sweetgirls come from the south , Barbies come from CA , but NEWENGLAND girls have fire & ice in our blood . We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , tan at the beach , be a princess , throw a righthook & drinkwiththe boys . We ? the Patriots & Red Sox , and the Celtics . We ... can cook a ... WICKED good meal and if we have .. an opinion , you can bet your @$$ you're gonna hearit ! Re-post if you're a NEW ENGLAND girl ! 
TGIF !!!!! 
Just finished building a bookcase with my dad . Now onto the other 10 things on his daddy do list ! 
So I did my first Black Friday shopping ever . For all of you who have never done it , it is not worth getting up early . The sales were not that great . The lines were not that long except at Best Buy . Should have just bought the stuff online . 
Happy Friday , Everyone ! 
Edaville here we come !!! :) 
In < PROPMALE > , NH at the Polar Express with friends and it snowed ! It was perfect . 
If I looked up the definition of procrastination , it would have my picture next to it ! Need to finish my christmas gifts and just can't get motivated to do it . :( 
I have been up with a sick kids since 4 AM and now I have to get ready for work , pick up some items for the holiday party and STILL get my yankee swap gift . What a start to a Friday , hope everyone else is having a better Friday than I am ! 
Off work for 12 days !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Everyone !!!!! 
I AM A BITCH !!!..... Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is ... I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ...... If you're a BITCH , repost !!... I'll be looking for the ladies who do . 
< PROPFIRST > and I spent 2 hrs shoveling and snowblowing the driveway and one hour later you can't even tell that we did anything !!! 
School Cancelled for tomorrow as well !!! 
My dad is on his way to Tufts Hospital because ... wait for it ... he cut off three of his fingers on his snowblower !!!!!! This is a man who has used machinery his WHOLE life . UGHHHHHH ! 
Way to go Steelers !!!! Thanks for beating the Jets !! 
Had fun with girls last night now I have to head home and study microeconmics . I think I'll drive slow . 
Will today be over already !!!! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!! 
Thank you , < PROPFIRST > for my great birthday present . Now I have to figure out how to use it ! :) Love you ! 
About to go see White < PROPFEMALE > Drinkers with a friend . Can't wait ! 
Got lost going to < PROPFIRST > Square Cinemas last night and missed the first 10 mins of White < PROPFEMALE > Drinkers . Was worth the aggrevation . :) Great Job , < PROPFIRST > !! Sad that I didn't get to spend more time catching up with < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
On the way to Atlantic City to celebrate my father's 60th !!!! 
I now remember why I don't drink often ! Hangovers are horrible ! Had fun last night , though . :) 
