My mommy is on FaceBook now ! I am so happy ! 

I hurt a friend today and now they are running away . Why do I always have to mess up ? 
Trying to figure out the Family Tree thing ! 
Thank God they let me make a payment arrangement to keep my powe turned on ! 
If You are my family or know who my family is please let me know ? 
I have a lot of stuff I need to get done today before tomorrow comes ! 
I am so stuipid sometimes ! 
Wish I could of afforded a good gift for my brothers birthday today ! 
Computer is being slow and keeps freezing up sorry people ! 
Computer won't let me login into facebook games .... I can hear the games but not see them . 
Smiles ! 
Join my Cause ! I created it myself ! It's called Education for the Nation ! 
< PROPFIRST > needs to check her farmville at 2:45 pm today ! 
I have a sore throat but its not strep throat . Dr. says it's some kind of virus that should clear up in a week . 
Still not feeling well . Now I have an ear-ache too ! 
My Doctor ordered me to chew gum today ! 
Hesitantly , I ask : ; -$ Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting 
My mom's house maybe haunted by a girl around the ages eight to ten . 
No , Sorry 
Loves FetLife ! 
http://www.weau.com/home/headlines/69127462.html My manager and I had a guy try to < PROPMALE > us with a gun this morning at work ... 
http://www.weau.com/home/headlines/69127462.html 
I got to see my store on the news tonight about the guy who tried to < PROPMALE > my manager and me with a gun . They were all so proud of me . Its so nice to have people think good about me ! 
I worked from 5:00 AM to 3:00 PM today and now I'm exhausted ! 
Going to the movies with one of the hottest guys in the area tonight ! 
Still no plans for Thanks Giving ! Anyone else have any plans ? 
Going out with friends to do some paranormal investigating ! 
“Never cease loving a person , and never give up hope for him , for even the prodigal son who had fallen most low , could still be saved ; the bitterest enemy and also he who was your friend could again be your friend ; love that has grown cold can kindle” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
“It seems essential , in relationships and all tasks , that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important . ” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
“Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil , no wonder , then , that the world goes backwards , that evil spreads . This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world . The gods were bored ; therefore they created human beings . ” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
“The self-assured believer is a greater sinner in the eyes of God than the troubled disbeliever” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
Generosity is giving more than you can , and pride is taking less than you need . ~ Kahlil Gibran 
”Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude . Love does not demand its own way . Love is not irritable , and it keeps no record of when it has been wronged . It is never glad about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out . Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . Love will last forever . ” 
What do you think of the picture I made ? 
“The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have . ” 
All week I have been wishing I could move to < PROPFEMALE > to be closer to the one I love most . Today my landlord comes into my work and hands me the title to my trailor I bought here in the Eau < PROPFEMALE > area . 
I'm so excited ! I have < PROPFIRST>'s Christmas gift all done up for him . I hope he likes it ! 
Spending Christmas alone hoping that < PROPFIRST > can make it sometime this weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > 11:25 And when you stand praying , if you hold anything against anyone , forgive him , so that your Father in heaven may forgive you your sins . 
I had a good time at Paranormal U tonight . It was great ! 
Hoping to get a lot of cleaning done tonight and this weekend if I'm feeling energetic enough . 
Hates FaceBook Messenger ! Its too slow and keeps messing up ! Yahoo messanger is better ! 
Proverbs 17:9 He who covers over an offense promotes love , but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends . 
EPH 4:29 Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths , but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs , that it may benefit those who listen . 
Proverbs 16:28 A perverse man/woman stirs up dissension , and a gossip separates close friends . 
Proverbs 14:21 He who despises his neighbor sins , but blessed is he who is kind to the needy . 
\Let ye who is without sin cast the first stone . \"" 
I finally bought myself a TredMill that I've been wanting . However now I can't find help to put it together ! 
My friend < PROPMALE > is such a good friend ! Not only did he help me but he did so right away ! 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 ) Crazy . 2 ) I'd Marry You . 3 ) Talkative . 4 ) Sarcastic . 5 ) I Miss You . 6)Dizzy . 7 ) Moody . 8 ) Dumb . 9 ) Mouthy . 10 ) Spoilt . 11 ) Random . 12 ) Hot . 13 ) Funny . 14 ) Fit . 15 ) Amazing . 16)Tough . 17 ) Cute . 18 ) Gf/Bf Type . 19 ) Player . 20 ) I Love You . 21 ) The Best . 22 ) Couldnt Live Without u . 
I just had a great conversateion with my true love < PROPFIRST > ! He is the best ever ! 
My living room is cleared out ! Now to work on the rest of my house . I'm glad I'm finally getting some of it done ! My goal is to have this place all clean before my soulmate < PROPFIRST > comes ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Post this as your status and the result from urban dictionary as the first comment .... 
What is the thing you like most about me ? 
I can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to get here next weekend ! 
Helping yourself is not greedy or selfish because you need to first help yourself before you can help anyone else ! 
I miss < PROPFIRST > ! 
I called my lawyer today and he said to make appointment with him as soon as I get my taxes back in . I can't wait to get things taken care of . I want to be able to be God's and < PROPFIRST>'s alone ! 
A TRUE friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... a true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . 
I hate it when my manager yells at me for getting a bit behind ; She always sits down and eats a bowl of cereal while on the clock when she isn't suppose to ! I wish she would help out more since she is always telling the rest of us to work as a team ! 
Looking for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Culver's post address my lawyer has some papers he wants ! If anyone gets a hold of him tell him to call my lawyer at 715-720-4500 and to give < PROPMALE > his post address . Thank you ! 
< PROPFIRST > Daisi Balts Looking for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Culver's post address my lawyer has some papers he wants ! If anyone gets a hold of him tell him to call my lawyer at 715-720-4500 and to give < PROPMALE > his post address . Thank you ! 
When someone asks me if the glass is half full or half empty than I answer ... It depends on with what ! 
My new boss is being a jerk and is cutting my friend's hours at work ! When I protest about it they threaten to cut mine too ! They shouldn't be bringing in other people from other stores when people at our own store need the hours to support their familes ! Somebody needs to stand up for what's right ! He is a good worker ! Please pray for him , Thanks ! 
Somebody must have just died on my road ! There was two ambulances and all of a sudden they stopped and everyone rushed to the first one ! 
I'm looking to make friends on loopt ! 
Looking to make more friends on Loopt ! 
Getting a MRI today for my bad ankle ! Most likely will have to get surgery redone oh how fun ! 
Got yelled at for being honest to our district manager about something that is going on here at work . I am never getting another raise as long as I work here because they foot like my honesty and my wanting to follow policy ! 
Love the Lord your God with all your heart soul and mind and love all mankind as you would yourself ! 
Life without love is a lonely nightmare ! Appreciate your significate other and never take them for granted ! 
Why is it when it comes to love women need to hear it more than see it and men need to see it more than hear it ? 
Please check out my pictures of plants and see if you can tell me what they are ! Thank you ! 
Talking to < PROPFIRST > and praying to God are the best antidepressant ever ! 
Dont be afraid to admit when your wrong or when you have made a mistake because trying to hide things only makes them worse ! 
Doing my best to make my actions reflect my intentions and my intentions to reflect God's will ! 
Some plugins required by this < PROPFEMALE > has been blocked for your protection ..... Girrr ... Why can't I play my facebook games ! 
Sometimes the only place i feel home is in my dreams but other times my friends make my dreams a reality ! 
If you love somebody you should set them free . Than if they come back again than you know that its meant to be ... but after they leave for a third time than its strike three ! 
I didn't get my M.R.I. results today due to my doctor having to perform surgery so my mom and I spend some quailty time together instead . If something doesn't go the way you want don't let it ruin your day because there is always something else good if you choose to look ! God bless ! 
I learned how to change memory sticks inside of personal computers tonight ! I love learning ! 
Loopt 
Love based on feelings is just as fleeting as feelings itself ! 
Love is a decision that you make , an action that take , not a feeling that you can fake ! 
If you know me well , you know that I am _______ , I love _______ , and I cant stand ________ . ( Please fill in the blanks ! Thanks ! Copy into your status if you wish ! ) 
Expectations are resentments waiting to happen ... 
Missing my < PROPFIRST > ! 
Having surgery on May 21st , next month , after that I won't be able to work for two or more weeks . I still won't be able to walk around much untill up to ten weeks after the surgery date ! 
I vol my boss about my surgery and it went betts than expected . I still feel really bad for having to take off from work . I love my job and I have thinking about missing out . 
I told my boss about my surgery and it went betts than expected . I still feel really bad for having to take off from work . I love my job and I hate thinking about missing out . 
iHearts : \Your current heart rate is 1 beats/minute * -- too slow ! Make it beat faster : get hearts from friends ! \ " ( Anyone want to send me some hearts please ? ) " 
Anyone doing anything this weekend ? I am still available to < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend so let me know if you want to do anything . I am happy its pay day and wouldnt mind getting out of the house . 
< PROPFIRST > is not only good to me but he is also good for me ! 
I am starting to feel a little better but these allergies are still annoying . I dont have much time left to get rid of them and to get ready for surgery . 
The storm is his vessel ... The strikes of lightning as stripes he took upon himself so that we may be healed , The thunder his voice declaring \It is finished\ " The rain falling clear as his blood is pure and the Strong Wind is his Holy Spirit sent out to us . " 
I keep paying as much as I can on my bills . I sure hope they dont really turn off my electricity today ! 
Hoping to get some house work done tonight after work ! 
I called and they wont shut my power of this time . I have already paid it down more than half way and I am going to keep doing my best ! 
reminds you : Fear is temporary . Regret is forever ! 
By refusing to let go of the past , you undermine your progression of your future . 
My flowers are thankful for the rain but some run would be nice as well ! 
At the Doctors getting a preop physical done . They are taking my blood and doing a pregancy test too . I guess they cant just take your word for it now days . 
Nervous about surgery this Friday and the charming neighbor that is trying to steel me away . 
Striving to get my house work done this afternoon and my therapy Appointment is tomorrow . 
I am crushing on my new neighbor . He is so sweet and thoughtful . 
Going in for my surgery so if I am grumpy afterwards please dont hold it against me . Thanks ! 
Home from surgery ! 
At home not able to do anything because of my ankle surgery ! 
Sitting in the car watching my brothers practise for baseball ! I am not liking the whole not being able to walk thing ! 
< PROPFIRST > is making me feel like a < PROPFEMALE > . He is helping me take care of things while I am on bed rest . 
< PROPFIRST > is taking such good care of me ! 
Family isn't always blood , it's the ones that love you for who you are and would give the shirt off their back even when it's all they have themselves . 
I am falling fast for my neighbor ! I have never been given so much attention and affection from such a handsome man before ! 
< PROPFIRST > said just because I cant be out and about doesnt mean I cant have some fresh air so if opened my windows for me . He is the sweetest guy ever ! 
POST ARE DOWN DUE TO NEW SECURITY ..... FB is at it again . Everyone please look at your padlock before posting anything . Right now unless you change it you will be the only one that sees it . Click on the box that says \what's on your mind\ " ( where you put\ 
The things that people in love do to each other they\ 
remember and if they stay together , it's not because\ 
they forget , it's because they forgive . 
I'd rather go thru life believing there is a God\ 
& die to find out there isn't , \ 
than to go thru life believing there isn't a God\ 
& die to find out there is . 
My good for nothing computer crashed and will not start anymore so now I am paying for internet that I can not even use . Now I nothing to do but lay in bed till the doctor says I can go back to work . 
Having a bad day and trying to get my mind off from things but that doesnt seem to be working either ! I cant wait till I can walk again . I miss going ghost hunting ! 
Today is terrible ! I cant walk . My computer doesnt work . My TV is stuck on menu and I am bored out of my mind ! 
My computer crashed and so did two of my friends after we went on facebook the day Face Book was on the news but my cell phone is still working . 
Some times things are hard and we just need time alone but that doesnt mean we dont love those close to us any more ! 
I met an angel who swept me off my feet ! He is protective , handsome , and extremely sweet ! 
Please God tell me what your plans for me are because I am not good at making decisions !!! 
Missing < PROPFIRST > ! 
I wish I had a washer & dryer ! 
How does someone control what their heart feels ? 
The < PROPMALE > have to cry , the poor have to cry ... 
Feeling lonely and missing cuddle time ! 
If my heart is broken in two what do I do ? If my heart is broken in three can you still love me ? 
< PROPFIRST > is coming up ! I am so excited ! 
Watching True Blood ! 
isn't it ironic we ignore the ones who adore us we adore the ones who ignore us love the ones that hurt us and hurt the ones that love us 
I got adopted by a neighborhood cat named P.J. so I went and bought him some goods ! 
Relying on a person more than God is like relying on a feeling more than a fact ! 
I cant wait to go back to work on Monday ! 
I am so excited about going back to work ! 
All my life i just wanted one friend who truly cares . He told me that if others were saying bad things about him that than i should be worried i though he was right so i checked in with his friends and found out that they are liars and now they are taking that friend from me ! 
Cant sleep ! Worried about losing a good friend who has been there for me when no one else was ! 
At work praying that my friends wont abandon me because of the fact I have a hard time trusting . May the Lord show us all his mercy today ! 
I love being able to work again ! Thank God ! I may not have the best job but I am so happy I have one ! For all you who are looking may God bless you with one soon ! 
God sees not as man sees for man looks at the outward appearance but the Lord looks at the heart ! May our intentions be according to God's will and may our actions reflect it ! 
Brunner 
Done with peoples drama ... either be real or be gone ! 
J.O.Y. Jesus Others Yourself , F.R.O.G. Fully Rely On God , P.R.A.Y. Praise Repent Ask Yield 
A gentle answer deflects anger , but harsh words make tempers flare . Proverbs 15:1 
Will you always be there ? Will you be my teddybear ? Will you listen when I am sad ? Will you give me space when I am mad ? 
Done with work for the week ! Just waiting for my ride now ! 
Worn out from my first week back to work ! 
Guys say that girls are SOOO complicated , but really . . . how hard is it to tell us we're pretty and give us chocolate ? 
What have i become my sweetest friend ? Everyone i know goes away in the end . 
Grilling out with the neighbors tonight around sun down ! 
Enjoying some company ? 
I have an appointment today . I should be home around five pm . 
Wondering if Farrin is coming over to talk today . 
Sitting home without family or friends .... I hate holidays ! 
We love you < PROPFEMALE > and I hope you know we all miss you so much ! Take care up there in heaven ! 
Since when did dine her and wine her become line her and whine her ? 
Missing work already ! Is Monday almost here ? 
Excited that Monday is almost here so I can go back to work ! 
What's on my mind ? hmmmmmm ....... 
Dancing outside in severethunderstorms is so much fun ! 
When they say that absence makes the heart fonder they are not talking about distance . they are talking about < PROPFEMALE > . A relationship needs a < PROPMALE > to grow before it can bloom into something beautiful ! 
Love is something you choose to do even when you dont feel like it ! 
Feeling lonely again ! 
Listening to the neighbors scream at each other and wondering when the cops will be called next ! Praying for the two little kids that dont know what love really is ! I know how they feel I felt that way before ! 
Abuse is a cycle that doesnt end because each generation begins to believe over time that its normal . 
Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s ( my sister ) grave today ! We put a changing color solar light out there for her ! 
I can't wait to move in with my true love , < PROPFIRST > , in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Please pray that my little brother Reno will find his purpose and reason for living . He told me this weekend he doesnt believe he has any purpose in life . 
Excited about moving in with my boyfriend , < PROPFIRST > , this fall ! 
Its almost time for me o start my life over brand new ! I hate lots of goals I wish to accomplish and I cant wait to get started ! 
cleaning house and going through things ! 
Work is so stressful when the managers are freaking out every two minutes ! 
My job : A minimum wage pay where they expect maximum effort ! 
Why do people steal from poor people ? 
I am so in debt . I sleep t much . I have depression and the only thing good about me is my heart ! 
I strive to be a good person so why is it that some people only choose to see my imperfections ? 
* His wings take him where ever he is needed and I follow with my heart and soul ! * 
Flirting with someone else is a form of cheating ! Agree or Disagree ? 
Got yelled at by my boss today for bringing lunch to work ! I told her I cant by Burger < PROPMALE > with food stamps but she is all like put in your own little cooler than . I repeated to her all I have is food stamps ! Because they wont give me a raise ! 
Every day at Burger < PROPMALE > is the same I do my very best to get food out as fast as I can to get drive through time down . However the time starts ticking when the customer pulls up to the menu and starts thinking about what they want which they blame that time on me ! Of course they always tell the customer take your time and than yell at me when the drive through time is too high ! 
I want to be a healer ! 
If I can get through work without being harassed than it will have been a good day ! 
How can Burger < PROPMALE > not afford to give me a raise when they charge almost one dollar for one egg ! 
I told the closer that she could soak some things over night at work and that I would wash them in the morning . Now everyone is praising and writing her thank you letters to her for soaking them and didnt even thank me for spending most of my morning washing them all . I guess putting something in water is more appreciated than taking the time to wash everything by hand ! 
Cast not your pearls before swine ! Love one another and withhold no good to them that deserve it when it is in your power to help ! 
Work today was tiring but not as bad as the begining of the week and I didnt get harassed today ! 
Half of my power still doesnt work in my house and my rent money was stolen ! Why do I keep giving second chances when I know I am not suppose to cast my pearls before swine ? 
No one will ever be good enough to enter a perfect place like heaven thats why salvation is needed .. . For its not by work lest any man may boast for it is the gift of God ! Remember though that Faith without works is dead ! So dont be < PROPMALE > warm ! 
Some guys are jerks . They ask to < PROPFEMALE > out but when you tell them that you would love to as long as they dont try anything sexual than they suddenly become too busy to spend time with you ! Are guys uncapable of being just friends or what ? 
Home while my family goes out to eat . I wish I could afford to go with them ! 
Missing < PROPFIRST > and feeling lonely ! 
P.J. is so awesome ! 
Proverbs 3:27 Withhold not good from thoes who deserve it when it is in your power to help ! 
I hate it when guys ask me for something sexual even though they know I am with someone ! The answer is No ! So stop asking ! 
Everyday I think about how much I love < PROPFIRST > and how I want to be with him forever ! 
< PROPFIRST > is the man I want to be with for the rest of my life ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Youth Baseball Days where parents drink beer and than drive their children home ! 
< PROPFIRST > makes me happier than anyone else ever has ! 
Worn out from work and therapy ! Sometimes I wish I didnt have to work so much so I would have more energy the do other things but I have to be responsible ! 
Praying for more energy , less headaches and a positive out look ! 
* I dont want be a casual christian ! I dont want to live a < PROPMALE > warm life ! I want light up the night with his ever lasting light ! * 
Wishing my computer worked ! * sigh * 
I sleep twelve hours and an still tired . No matter how much I sleep I am always drowsy and about to fall asleep . Having hypersomnia really bites especially when you're accused of just being lazy ! 
Can anyone get me an estimant for my computer ? I think its the video card ? I could use some help . Thanks ! 
Love must be sincere ! Hate what is evil clinging to what is good be be devoted to one another with brotherly love ! 
Why cant burger < PROPMALE > ever keep track of their files ? They had of fill out an application for work today ! 
I dont think there is suppose to be any sparks coming from my cealing fan ! 
Loneliness and laziness go hand in hand ! 
Don't get your knickers in a twist ! 
The storm was pretty loud this morning ! 
Weekends are lonely living alone ! 
Hoping my week will turn out good and yours as well ! God bless ! 
Disgusted by the lyrics in todays songs that encourage teenagers to have sex ! 
Why do parents allow their teenage girls to dress themselves so unmodestly ? 
Seek ye first the kingdom of God ... 
Cant believe how soon my birthday is coming up ! 
Whats your prayer request for today ? Answer below and I will pray for you and your loved ones ! 
Walked to work this morning in a severe thunderstorm . Than the power went out at work for a couple of minutes . 
No plans ! What do I do ? 
I dont want to be alone with any guy save for my boyfriend . Dont take offense , just be happy for me that I am in love ! 
Sometimes I just cant help myself ! 
I could not ask God for a better boyfriend . I love him so much ! 
Wishing my computer was fixed . Anyone wanna fix it for me as an early birthday present ? My b day is on the second of september ! 
Prays that my boyfriend will always see the good in me even when I may make mistakes in life . 
Just because someone doesnt say they love you doesnt mean they dont ! 
I never want to cause my boyfriend to feel jealous . I want him to know I love him as much as I want to know he loves me . 
Asking forgiveness is hard to do when there is no way you can repay ! 
Ready to put the past behind me . 
Feeling weak . 
Please God give me the wisdom to show him the love that I feel ! 
I know love isnt about money but sometimes I think it would be easier to show my love if I was < PROPMALE > . 
I want to heal . I want to feel like Im close to something real . I want to let go of this pain I felt so long . Somewhere I belong ! 
Lover isnt about looks , money , or past mistakes . Its about faithfulness , support , and honesty . 
You cant always trust someone you love but you can always love someone you trust ! 
Power of One is in Appleton Wisconsin on Saturday , November 6 this year ! I so want to go ! 
Faith without works is dead . Just like feeling you love someone without showing it ! 
I admit I am not perfect but I do try . 
God sees not as man sees for man looks at the outward appearance but God looks at the heart . 
I dont want to live . I dont want to breathe . < PROPMALE > I feel you next to me . You take the pain I feel . Waking up next to you never felt so real . ( Skillet ) 
Hold me down cause i want to know you . You bring calm to my rage . You are life and I am thirsting for you . ( Skillet ) 
What positive words would you use to describe me ? 
Having a really hard time sleeping for work with the neighbor screaming and two cops at her house . Ugh ! 
Work was hot as an oven today since the Air Conditioner had to be fixed ! 
Three days till my birthday . My one birthday wish is for my boyfriend to be able to tell me he loves me . 
Working late today . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday . 
Love should not be based on fleeting feelings that come and go . Love is an action that should be performed even if you dont feel like it ! Would you make a child starve simply because you dont feel like cooking ? 
Just because you've lost that loving feeling towards someone doesnt mean it wont come back . Love is a commitment not something you should give up on and that goes for both people in the relationship . Love and be loved ! 
Living life without the one you love is like living in a nightmare . I cant wait to wake up to him . 
< PROPFEMALE > Burger < PROPMALE > now has new breakfast items and Seattle's Best Brewed Coffee ! Come check us outstarting at six A.M. untill 10:30 A.M. 
Can't wait to move in with < PROPFIRST > ... I love him so much ! 
Sorry I dont do match making ! 
I want the whole world to know that my heart belongs to < PROPFIRST > ! 
Stand up to cancer ! 
I cant wait to move in with < PROPFIRST > . 
Detoxing from Effexor Day Four ! 
Remembering the victims of 9-11 . May our prayer be heard . 
< PROPFIRST > is supportive , undertanding , caring and I wish every girl was as happy as he makes me ! 
May our inner beauty surpass that of our outer beauty for as outer beauty fades with time our inner beauty still has a < PROPMALE > to grow ! 
Empathy : The power to enter into another's personiality with undertanding and imagining their feelings . 
Today at work I got scolded for wasting a sandwich wrap , a mere piece of paper . My boss tells me to keep old food and reuse it so when I do the district manager scolded me for that too . Its not like I dont care or that I dont try to be perfect because I really do try so hard . 
I pray that tomorrow will be a better day . 
If you are ever feeling stressed , worn down , depressed or plain miserableeven for an extended period I recommend Vitamin B Complex and < PROPFEMALE > Oils along with a multiple vitamin suppliment ! They are working great for me ! 
Anyone interested in buying a one bedroom trailer ? I am only asking two thousand for it since I am eager to move . There is a new furnace , new refrige , and its newly insulated as well as properly tested for air leaks . 
Anyone interested in buying a one bedroom trailer ? I am only asking two thousand for it since I am eager to move . There is a new furnace , new refrige , and its newly insulated as well as properly tested for air leaks ... 
I guess my family is having a family reunion . I wasn't invited again . I can't wait to find out what they answer when God asks them why ! 
A family that prays together stays together ! 
I am excited about moving in with the man I love ! 
Collecting boxes at work for packing ! Excited about moving . 
Migrane two days in a row starting at same time of day . 
Every week day morning before work I hide in the restroom to wait for my manager so I dont have to listen to the gas station guy talk about how woman are sex objects ! He is whiny , desperate , and cling . Ugh ! 
Eating veggies in front of everyone at Burger < PROPMALE > while they eat fast food ; LOL ! 
My boyfriend is my hero ! 
Cleaning and Packing ... I cant wait to start a new life with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Now accepting a donation of a Mp3 player if anyone has an old one they no longer < PROPFEMALE > just let me know . Thanks ! 
Please pray for my brother < PROPFIRST > . He fell off a roof while working today . Pray that he will heal fast ! 
I miss sitting around an open fire ! 
Live long and prosper ! 
The subtlies of darkness never ceases to amaze as the physical world creates a spiritual haze ! ~ DC Talk 
Working @ Burger < PROPMALE > has taught me knew meaning to Reuse , Reduce , & Recycle ! Yuck ! 
Bomboarded by philosophies that satisfy the surface I flee to something deeper at the risk of seeking purpose ! ~ DC Talk 
I have perfect reading and language scores on my tests ! 
I can't wait to go to school on the 25th it's going to be so fun ! 
R olev xlwvh ! 
God has shown me his love through < PROPFIRST > and I am truly grateful ! 
Why do people think that they can help me by getting me to spend money I don't have ? 
Love is harder to spot than hate but its more appreciated ! 
UnderStaffed at work again and losing customers because of it again ! Not to mention nobody schedualed to do truck . We need better service . 
Looking to join a paranormal group in < PROPFEMALE > , WI . Pleads let me know if you can help me find one there . Thank you ! 
Striving to become closer to God for I know that I need him . 
I am always striving earnestly to do my very best ! 
Being open minded and not judging others is very important to me ! 
Just two more days untill my hero's birthday ! 
X-Cel is most likely turning my electric off again on me next week . 
Feeling helpless . I hate feeling needy ! 
If you call about making a payment arrangement and a girl answers the phone I suggest hanging up till you get a guy ! 
I had a hard day today so I plan to spend my night relaxing with God ! 
I pray that my intentions are always pure and that my actions reflect them . 
I always feel so worn out and lazy on the weekends ! 
Too many things make me sick so I am simplifying . 
Please God forgive me for my mistakes . Help me to be better ! 
One mistake at work equals a half an hour lecture on what I already know . My good intentions never account for anything . 
The mind of the wise makes his speech judicious , and adds persuasiveness to his lips . ~ Proverbs 16:23 
They are fixing the water . I hope its turned on soon ! 
Praise God for the miners return to safety ! 
One week till I move to < PROPFEMALE > . I can't wait to see my hero again . 
No one has ever showed me true love like < PROPFIRST > has , even when we were just friends . 
My boss won't turn in my change of information forms because she says she doesn't care . 
Some people hate my honesty . Why ? 
Today is my last day at this B.K. There are many things I will miss about it and many things I will not , but the time has come for me to start over new . 
I have the best boyfriend ever ! 
< PROPFIRST > is coming today ! 
On the way to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Going to church with the man of my dreams ! 
Being with < PROPFIRST > is like living inside a dream . I hope I never wake up . 
< PROPFIRST > is so sweet , Sometimes I think he is perfect ! 
I do not recommend walking more than an hour in the rain ! 
< PROPFEMALE > bus routes are confusing me ! What # to what location at what time ? 
School is boring but the people are nice ! 
Weekend alert ! Time for YOURSELF ! Fun , friends , rest , relaxation . Whatever it may be , may GOD bless you with a safe , happy and healthy one ! 
I am so in love with < PROPFIRST > ! 
God will never drop me further than my knees . 
What's the point of going to school to sit here and do Independent study time that I could be doing at home ? I come to class because I want to learn not because I want to work on what I already know all day ! This class is so unorganized and nobody hardly ever shows up to begin with so we keep going over the same things over and over again when they come back ! n We are never going to be ready for our tests on time . 
The only thing I need now to take my tests is some proper identification . 
Thinking about how much college cost and how bad of credit I have extremely depresses me when I can not even afford to pay my share of the bills . 
Damaged by Plumb , I hate pos t-t ramatic stress ! 
says don't rely on someone to make you happy . Happiness comes within yourself or you will suffer from a lonely heart . 
Yesterday is over ! We can't go back and redo anything that happened ... But we can make better choices today ! With God's grace we have a NEW < PROPMALE > everyday ! <3 
I have the best boyfriend ever . He makes me so happy ! 
This year I am thankful for my boyfriend because he makes me so happy ! 
vielen danke für die ganzen glückwünsche :) 
The problem with love is that so many people don’t have a clue what it is . Love is not a feeling ; it’s an attitude 
If there is anyone out there willing to give me a good work reference please let me know , thanks . 
Face-book grounded me from adding friends for two days ! :( 
I miss having someone to cuddle with while watching a movie , I miss having someone hold my hand , I miss I miss not feeling lonely ! 
To love someone who doesnt love you back in the and way is like living in your own personal hell ! 
Knowing your never going to be perfect makes you realize you can never make someone else love you ! 
True love is not a magic feeling its loving the other person even when you dont feel like it ! 
I know I am not perfect . I admit it freely but I always strive to do my best and to improve myself . 
Are you sniffling and sneezing during the winter and you don't know why ? It could be that you have an allergy to certain molds . Once in a while a mold problem in the home , which can be controlled , is the cause of allergies —kind of like dust . 
Air Purifiers \ 
Whether it is allergy season or closed window season ( when it's too cold or too hot to keep your windows open ) , or if you just want your house to be cleaner and fresher - using an air purifier will help reduce airborne germs and pollutants such as bacteria , influenza viruses , fungi , mold spores , dust , smoke , pollen , and pet dander . 
I miss being called sweet names like < PROPFEMALE > , sweety , cuttie , and the like ! 
Holidays are not a happy time for many many people . It's a time that many of us grieve our lost loved ones and remember the better times that we wish were still here . To all of you like me , I pray that you will make it through these days without too much pain . God bless us all ! 
Ecclesiastes 1:2 “Meaningless ! Meaningless ! ” \ 
says the Teacher . \ 
“Utterly meaningless ! \ 
Everything is meaningless . ” 
I want heal . I want to feel like I am close to something real . I want to let go of this pain I felt so long . Somewhere I belong !?! 
I hate being sick ! 
Some things are better not heard because it hurts . 
Sometimes missing someone is just a part of life . 
Is it summer yet ? 
Anyone out there hate sliding closet doors that come off track or doesn't leave you with much room to use your closet ? 
Proverbs 17:28 Even a fool who keeps silent is considered wise ; when he closes his lips , he is deemed intelligent . 
Being with someone is't about eliminating eachother's faults but celebrating each other's value . 
First day of Civics Class tomorrow . I hope I don't get lost . Wish of good Luck ! 
~ Sometimes you have to let your heart lead you even if it's leading you to a place you never planned to be in ...!! ~ 
< PROPFEMALE > and FAITHFULNESS are the stepping stones of a never-ending RELATIONSHIP .. 
Don't do something out of guilt that will make you resent the one you love ! 
Anyone know anybody with the phone number 715-835-1127 ? They tried calling me at 3:20 AM when I was sleeping ! 
Working on my Civics ! It's all I need to complete my H.S.E.D. ! 
Got to go to an appointment . Got to be there at four thirty . 
I get to go to school to day ! I'm so excited ! 
Ugh ! What a boring morning ! 
I am so bored ! 
I wish I had more friends here in < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with . I really miss spending time with friends ! 
\The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant . We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein . " 
We could not make it home through the blizzard so we had to stay at some friend's place ! 
The snow is everywhere they canaled schools , jobs , and even the city buses ! It's steep and piled up every where with cars suck where ever you go ! 
If I were house keys where in the house would I be ? 
Thank you God for blessing me with < PROPFIRST > in my life ! 
I have the sweetest boyfriend ever ! 
I want to be the best girlfriend ever because < PROPFIRST > really inspires me and I want to be with him forever !!! 
Why do people always want to call you all at the same time ? 
I try to be be a good girlfriend because < PROPFIRST > deserves the best ! 
My teacher says I am doing great in his Civics class ! I am ahead again !!! 
What another boring day with no plans again ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I finally made Lasagna tonight ! Special thanks goes out to my good friend < PROPFIRST > for giving me her recipe ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Please pray for my mom , < PROPFEMALE > Balts , she is sick with ammonia and the flu ! Also , on top of that she has been fighting severe chronic sinus problems for the last few months . So please keep her in your prayers ! Thanks ! 
Genuine love is volitional rather than euphorically emotional . The person who truly loves does so because of ' a decision to love . ' This person has made a commitment to ' be loving , ' whether or not the loving feelings are present . True love is an act of will that transcends ephemeral feelings of love or cathexis , it can be said , \Love is as love does . \"" 
Remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day ..... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending anyone .... Let's go 
Freedom OF Religion doesn't mean Freedom FROM Religion ! 
Ugh ! I had a terrible nightmare about the Chippewa Falls , WI bridges ! 
Freedom doesn't come free so why should we give our rights away ???? 
Eating Breakfast ! 
Eating Breakfast ! The most important meal of the day ! Yay ! 
The sun is leaving again ! There goes my vitamin D ! 
Snow Snow go away ! Come again some other decade ! 
Done with my half an hour on the treadmill for this morning ! 
Headed to school ! 
I don't recommend sitting sideways on a bus if you are prone to motion sickness ! 
I'm officially done with my Civics class so my teacher is sending for my H.S.E.D. diploma ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I got invited over to his sister's for dinner ! 
Missing my family and encouraging them to go to church with me . At least they got out of the house and smiled when they went . 
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls ; the most massive characters are seared with scars . ” ~ Kahlil Gibran 
Bored to death and wishing we had two T.V.s ! 
Missing my family and friends ! 
Trying to get the dishes done ! 
I'm feeling good and feeling happy ! I love being with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Having a bad day ! 
I wish the neighbors would turn down their annoying music ! 
Tired of snow and loud neighbors ! 
Knowing your loved is when they show it ; Feeling your loved is when they say it ! 
What a nice day for snow . Not ! 
Sometimes my nightmares seem so real ! 
Off to go Lucid dreaming ! 
What a boring day ! 
Another Holiday where I don't get to see my family ! 
No where to go ; nothing to do ! No inspiration ; No motivation ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Bored , Restless , and Lonely ! 
Life is too predictable and not very exciting lately ! 
I miss playing interactive games and not always being sucked into the T.V. Whatever happened to game night anyways ? 
Gotta love Fire Alarms that you can't turn off late at night ! 
Please turn off the fire alarm someone ??? 
Missing my alone time ! 
I've worked full time for thirteen years now ... I just want to take this one summer off before I start college in the fall ! ( Click Like if you think its a good idea . ) 
My prayers go out to those who were in The Path of Destruction when all those Tornadoes stormed through ! 
They could have warned us that they were going to shut our water off !!! I want to know when I will get water back !!! 
I miss my family and I hope my mom will have a good Mother's day this year without me ! 
Oh Yay ! It might get up to 50 degrees today ! 
My boyfriend is the best ! He took me out to last night to go for a walk , to look at shoes , and to get some dinner ! He's so sweet ! 
I hope we get our water pressure back soon ! 
Bored on such a nice and warm day ! 
