reaching the front of the line is not the of the wait ... it is the beginning of the stupidity 

waiting for answers that make sense 
back in NC ... 
i have forgotten how quiet it gets out in north < PROPFEMALE > with no one around 
you and the cptn . make it happen .... that is all 
3 days until the Texas adventure begins 
it is unfortunate that so many good people in this world must leave us before we fully appreciate what they have done for this world 
dr. pepper made with imperial sugar ... 
every wonder why what you want , what you need , and what you get never seem to line up ... 
the courage to make the decisions that need to be made ... knowing that the \safe\ " choice will take you on a road to nowhere ... is severely lacking in the world today " 
happy girls day ^^/ 
how fast must a car , driven by an unlicensed driver , be moving in a parking lot to hit one parked suv hard enough to set it kinda on the bumper ... kinda on the wheel of the truck it is parked next to ? 
i need to hide out until after friday ... that should be long enough ... 
fate has sent a warning shot this way ... not happy ... 
someone said everything happens for a reason ... so the people we meet , the things we do ... all become part of who we are until we reach where ever it is we are supposed to be in life . this is just a crazy road to be taking i guess ... 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a manwishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence ? 
it is a bit irritating to lose your way ... especially when you thought you had just found it ... 
if you follow a path long enough you come out somewhere right ? what happens when it is not where you want to be ? 
it is official .... adobe flash hates my computer 
you know when you are looking for something so hard ... but just can not find it anywhere ?? i am there again ... still looking ... 
for years i never realized what i learned from my father . not just things like how to put on a spare tire ... or how to get a good fire going on the grill ... but little things about how i act , what i eat , the random things i say , and countless other things he imprinted on me through out my life . thanks for everything dad ... i hope i am who you always wished i would be ... 
You know how sometimes you see things that are not there ... like those glimpses of people that you KNOW can not be in the area ? It is rather disturbing what our minds can convince us of . 
Inloving memory of every cancer patient , familymember , or friend who has lost the battle with Cancer and in Honor of the ones who continue to conquerit ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I ...... did .... will ... you ? 
may i be patient enough to wait ... even until the next life ... if that is what it takes ... 
If your family has been touched and tormented by cancer ( Mine has)Today is World Cancer Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request . 93% won't repost it . A small request . Just one line . Dear God , I pray for a cure for cancer . Amen 
now i remember why i usually don't drink ...... 
i hate the feeling when someone is sick and you can not do anything to help them ... 
lack of sleep and too much time to think makes you go down paths you thought you put behind you . nice place to visit ... but i must remember not to live there ... 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I am very picky & I wanted you here ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
time moves forward either way too fast or not at all . if only i could move forward with it , then it would all be worth it . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Enjoy your time with your family ( if you can ... ) 
At the request of a Facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for Darkhorse , 3rd Battalion , 5th Marines and their familes . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT 
losing sleep and trying very hard to not think about life , the universe , and everything ... i think they have a machine for that ... 
