Home for weekend 

Back at school 
hates everything 
wants sleep 
doesnt understand people 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Morrison 
God I love New York ! Hope that never changes ! 
to a year of pure ectasy upon the lips of the gods we are 
wastef yelling at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for 3 hours in times square is a good way to startt the year uymmmm yes ! ;D 
Have not been THAT drunk is a long time 
Had a good night with < PROPFIRST > Delmont , < PROPFIRST > Linehan , < PROPFIRST > Velez , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Sasso , < PROPFEMALE > LoGuidice , and < PROPFEMALE > Arias back at the bronx . 
just wants everyone to be happy 
Feelin ' good man . 
Show in Queens , pretty psyched . 
Had a great night . :D 
just got back from Baltimore 
? 
almost done writing song 
jam session with miller and zach 
Wishes the world would go away 
miserable 
Please tell me why the car is in the front yard , and I'm sleeping with my clothes on , came in through the window last night , and your gone , gone . 
finally finished song this morning 
Failed plans , looks like tinker's might have to wait . 
Goin to tinkers after all 
would enjoy perpetual drunkeness 
went through life being honest and trusting emotion man , u know what that got me fuckedin the ass by life , fuck it all man , might be really drunk but that's s clear as it will be man 
just woke up with a fucked up hand , fucked up ankle among many other marks an bruises , some night . 
going home , need abreak rom this place before it kills me 
I've got a hundred thousand watts , hundred thousand dollar stereo Surrounded by speakers but I'm mono as hell Got a hundred sad songs about the day that you walked out And I'm feeling so down It's just a bad situation I wish that I could say that ... I don't care about the < PROPFEMALE > weather Don't care about the sex when we're together Don't care about nothing if you don't care 
gymfor an hour , be around after 
Does not have the < PROPFEMALE > , it needs to be thursday night already . 
Hahaha , I told my firends i was going to make an ass of myself in spellman . An entir bottle o Jager and a fewbeers later shit happens , 18 or 19 drinks , and i was retaredd . 
Lovely day man . 
Spent yesterday drinking with firemen at a city penthouse lol , what a strange night 
Missed my longboard , too bad I can't bomb it down that hill at the mount , probably would kill me anyway lol 
Battle of the bands tues and open mic next day , shit is way too close to break lol 
Is sooooooooooo relieved that battle of the bands is postponed , got open mic for now plus a paper which was due lol 
Awake , shake dreams from your hair my pretty child , my sweet one . 
Hahaha , by < PROPMALE > shocked someone tonight , not expectng that lol 
Still looks at a certain red paper on the wall . 
Can't wait to get back tomorrow , summer is going to be grueling . Miss chillin with everyone . 
I'm and ordinary man , with an ordinary life , does she know that I'm alive , man she's really something else . 
She can dance a cajun rythym , jump like a Willys in four wheel drive . She's my summer love in the spring , fall , and winter , she can make happy , any man alive . 
Finally finished with hw and schedules , finally can sleep . 
Came to the realiztion that you are not a man until you accept that you are a child . 
Can you give me sanctuary , I must find a place to hide , a place fo me to hide . Can you find me soft asylum , I can't make it anymore , the man is at the door . 
My brain is flaming , I don't know which way to go . 
A fine day indeed . 
Some come to laugh the past away , some come to make it just one more day . Which ever way your pleasure tends , If you plant ice , your gonna harvest wind . Roll away the dew ...... 
We live in the same world , the beauty is we all see it in a different way . 
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings as smooth as ravens claws . 
Fare you well , fare well , I love you more than words can tell , listen to the river sing sweet songs to rock my soul ... 
Just some good ol ' boys , never meanin ' no harm . 
Little Red Roosy 
Little Red Rooster 
Our youth is starting to change .... 
in the land of hippies dude 
party in O side 
Sometimes the songs that we hear , are just songs of our own .... 
starin at stars lookin into the eyes of God 
gotta quit drinkin haha 
Gran Torino = great fukin movie 
Gym saturday = nice and empty just for me 
Gorgeous day outside :) 
Why am I so suprised at people's fucking stupidity 
The fields are full of dancin ' , full of singin ' and romancin ' , the music never stopped . 
Rest in Peace < PROPFEMALE > :'( 
We are reaching for death on the edge of a candle , trying for something that's already found us . 
Crossroads seem to come and go .... 
Fuck this place yo , miss riverdale n ' the bronx 
Should've been a cowboy , should've learned to rope and ride , wearin my six-shooter , ridin ' my pony on a cattle drive ...... 
Expendables = Pure Fucking Awesomeness 
Baby I like it ..... 
is pumped for tonight man 
Had a fuckin great time with great friends at Tinker's man 
It's only been a few days and I can't wait to get back to my favorite bar with the guys 
Has been overthinkin things , if I cant figure it out , just gonna let it flow man . 
Is puuuuuumped dude 
Grea Fuckin Night 
Tinker's for another night dude , awesome . 
Tinkers is poppon yo 
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother anymore . 
Somehow knows everything has aready begun to work out . 
Nothing really matters , anyone can see , nothng really matters , nothing really matters to me . 
What a night man 
The Island may have been my home at some point , but this house certainly never was ... 
It's time to bring it back ... 
I could be anything you like ... 
having a one track mind is a bit of curse man 
We are reaching for death at the edge of a candle , trying for something that's already found us .... 
woah for a mintute I forgot I'm the man hahaaa 
Well I won't back down , no I won't back down , you could stand me up at the gates of hell , but I won't back down . 
Well I guess the bright side is things can only get better at this point . 
Finally back here ! thank god 
Thursday is so close again already , yes ..... 
Is pumped for open mic tonight 
She shoots colors all around , like a sunset going down , have you seen the lady Pharoah ? 
Time to celebrate with some beer pong dude 
mehhhhh last class and then thursday begins 
feel's fanastic 
I just might turn to smoke , but I feel fine . 
Can't . believe the fucking cab broke down last night ... 
just is . 
ebbin ' and flowin ' in the tides of studliness . 
week without smoking was ok for a while eh too bad I changed my mind 
My cards on the table , you can look up my sleeves , you say that your honest , but love is for theives .... 
doesn't understand 
Needs to get to the bar before someone gets hurt . 
you wanna be the best , you better fuckin believe you are 
With the shit i been through , you can't fuckin break me bro 
really , really hates people . 
cares about you more than you think ... 
;) 
If you've got it , flaunt it ! 
you light my mornin sky with burnon love , I'm just a hunk a hunk of burnin love 
ur the man bro nor matter how shitty a mood I'm in ya cheer me up 
was absolutely wasted a few short hours ago 
Drunk does not begin to describe how intoxicated I really was ... 
In dreams your mine all of the time ... 
is a hopeless romantic 
Little darlin , the smiles returning to the faces ... 
although there's pain in my chest I still wish you the best and uhhh ... FUCK YOU !!! 
the night comes so quiet it's close on the heels of the day ... 
Gotta down some Beck's and the open miiicccccc 
Peewee < PROPMALE > then back for pooooonnnnggg 
Take the highway to the end of the night ... 
I see your hair is burnin , hills are filled with fire , if they said I never loved you , you know they are a liar ... 
gyyyyym tiiiiime 
always try to make someones day a little better ... 
great nightwith great people ;) 
eh fuck rockville centre , I wanna stay in the bronx bro 
has decided to stop opening old wounds 
Mister mojo risin ' .... got to keep on risin ' 
is thankful that in a few days I'll be back in the bronx with the best friends a guy could ask for 
enthralled by the night sky , totally Sirius . :P 
really hate yo ass right now 
I met a ginsoaked barroom < PROPFEMALE > in memphis ... 
< PROPFIRST > Velez is the man . 
another successful night at Tinkers 
dark and < PROPFIRST > painted on the sky , miss the taste of moonshine , teardrop in my eye ... 
Would like to be on a warm beach with cold beer , a girl who makes me happy , and to watch my daydreams drift through the breeze as though some ecstatic state of bliss had consumed it all ... 
gorgeous night spent at strawberry fields 
Well ..... when you have trouble remembering the cab ride , it's safe to say great fuckin night . Nah seriously lots of fun tho as always 
wow I realized how much fukin muscle alcohol has cost me , time to fix that 
brownied ouuuuuuttttt 
I ain't got no worries ' cause I ain't in no hurry at all . 
I miss the bronx 
our minds weave the sweet silk of dreams 
the < PROPFEMALE > of the < PROPFEMALE > 
I drink so I can talk to assholes , this includes me . - < PROPMALE > Morrison 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good night ... 
spent all this time trying to be somethin and forgot who I am 
two weeks man I fucking missed the gym bro 
vat is it grandpapa ! 
wants to go above and beyond being a decent human being . 
To the Bronx for new years with < PROPFIRST > Delmont 
Move on from the past , live in the present , hope for the future . 
Pumped for the shore 
One watch by night , one watch by , if you get confused just listen to the music play .. 
so long sideburns , maybe haircut tomorow too 
might be a bit late , but inception just blew my mind , what a trip man ... intense 
I'm Shipping up to Boston 
well fuck u boston u too my fake I'd 
Close your mouth and open up your heart and baby satisfy me . 
Don't fly mr. bluebird I'm just walkin down the road , early mornin sunshine tell me all I need to know ... 
Vodka seems to be my weakness 
rtsp :/ / v6.cache7.c.youtube.com/CjYLENy73wIaLQnAg1SWmYpOdRMYJCAkFEIJbXYtZ29vZ2xlSARSBXdhdGNoYPH4ycuB1beWTQw=/0/0/0/video.3gp 
Don't be cruel to a love that's true . 
can always depend on the kindness of a stranger . 
Fukin yea yo 
finally sobered 
Sleep I've missed you so 
O yeaaaa new haircut 
The Bronx , the place I feel at home . 
Baby don't be cruel to a heart that's true ... 
This is for all the unheard ... 
I might judt turn to smoke but I feel fine 
in a way I wish I'd never cut < PROPFEMALE > hair 
Had fun last night in the bx , with < PROPFIRST > Clarke , < PROPFIRST > Linehan , and < PROPFIRST > Velez 
Sometimes the greatest thing you can have on your mind is nothing , to feel content and at peace . 
Everybody who actually watched skins is retarded . and yes I mean that 
It's the journey that matters , not always the destination . 
Like the morning sun you come , and like the wind you go . 
I've had it with this place , You can all go FUCK yourselves . 
I like being stubborn . 
Gettin ready for a weekly dose of gtl 
Missin my bros 
Stop pacing around and waiting for some moment that might never arrive 
Vodka n coke while i write my booze paper yea schools on its way 
nothin hits ya like the blues 
I am so mad they shrunk malomars , what is this world coming to ? 
If people talk , that's their problem . Life is too short to care what others think . 
successful first say back , a 30 and some < PROPMALE > , I think the semester has a bright future 
class cancelled = yes 
Your're the devil in disguise ! 
There's must be light burnin brighter somewhere , there must be bird's flyin higher , If I can dream , of a better land , tell me why my dreams don't come true ... 
Please tell me why , the car is n the front yard , and I'm sleepin with < PROPFEMALE > clothes on last night last night and your gone .. 
Ain't I hard enough , ain't I rough enough , ain't I < PROPMALE > enough , I'm not too blind to see ... 
Blacking out last night is just a warm up , hello weekend ! 
Here I am on the road again , there I am up on the stage ... 
Tinker's ... all I gotta say 
Forgot one key fact . um I'm the man . 
Tinks round two oh yeaaa 
Tinkers round 3 ! Yea its that type of weekend 
so happy that my room is this warm fuck that cold 
Things are only impossible if you believe so ... 
Gym time o yeaaaa 
It's not that good things don't last , they just make room for better things . 
Last night was an elaborate maze of dreams 
I fucked up , everyones mad at me , worst night nothing worked out 
I'm a changeling , see me change ... 
The fields are full of dancin , full of singin and romancin , the music never stopped ... 
would rather die like a man than live like a child 
let's swim to the < PROPFEMALE > , let's climb through the tide , penetrate the evening that the city sleeps to hide .... 
after being sick all week , feels good to be back at the gym . 
:) 
It's absolutely gorgeous today 
yea Packers , whoop that ass 
Overthinking ... I gotta stop that 
As long as a man has the strength to dream , he can redeem his soul and fly . 
I find it funny that I cut down on drinking for the gym not school 
Headed to the island for a couple hours before class 
Sometimes she comes to me in a song , sometimes she comes in a dream ... 
Little darlin I see that ice is slowly melting 
Requiem for a dream was the absolute biggest piece of shit ever filmed I'm appalled at myself for sitting through it , WORST MOVIE EVER period 
that burn sesh was as necessary as water is to existance 
It's gonna be a good day and a great weekend bro 
< PROPFIRST > breaking shit equals funny 
do you wanna dance under the moonlight .... 
still drunk plus test in 5 < PROPFEMALE > I didn't study for .... fuck 
It's time to bring it back , it's time to unwind , to find what we lost , it's time , it ' time to bring it back ... 
ridin the keef wave 
Tinkers baby , as always 
you're all blind 
a blind man see's in the dark , a troubled man feels life , and a quiet man speaks truth 
two cheesy gordita crunches = win . 
American girls , they want the whole world , they want every last little light in New York City ... 
now I have this memory of you , I see it my mind when I need to 
not so sure this is where I wanna be anymore 
you can't wait for the world if you don't have the time 
spring breeze blows in like an old friend 
Being a man isn't about babes bagged , fights won , or money made , it's about a good heart , giving a hand to those knocked down , and having the courage to do what's right . 
Deep in my heart , there's a tremblin ' .... question ... 
The night comes so quiet , it's close on the heels of the day . 
She said yea , yea , yea all ya need , all ya really need ....... is good love 
Bouncing souls = best band ever . 
Brownie Time 
Brownie time .... again 
Successfully made a drunk ass of myself , o wait that's every week 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is the man . 
Gym time o yeeeaaa ! 
Wake up mama , turn your lamp down low 
I've got a good feeling about today 
drink the new wine 
blow my mind 
what you don't have , you don't need it anymore . 
She used to look good to me , but now I find her ..... Simply Irresistible 
Gym before the gtl hits the screen 
Get loose 
Serious hedonism tonite booooozeee 
Pretty good night 
high as the < PROPFEMALE > and lokoed that's a good saturday 
No tobacco startinggg .... now . let's see how far this goes 
Burning plus arm workout = total focus 
The next time you have a thought ...... let it go 
where is my mind 
Deep in my heart there's a trembling question , and I am sure that answer , answer's gonna come some how . Out there in the dark , there's a beckoning candle . While I can think , while I can talk , while I can stand , while I can walk . While I can dream , please let my dream come true right now . 
Fuck this confusion 
total party foul 
restless souls wandering the streets of manhattan , searching for a dream that's already discovered them 
Don't tell me this own ain't no heart , just gotta poke around 
has what it takes 
Girl ya gotta love your man , girl ya gotta love you man , take him by the hand , make him understand , the world on you depends , our life will never end , girl ya gotta love your man . 
loves the rain , its a beautiful thing man 
Breaks are strange man , the bronx is my home as far as I'm concerned , its just better . 
Never become someone who's not you 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > bros 
Johnnu Bravo = Best . Show . Ever . 
fuck it snortin vics 
is a bawssss 
Don't go lookin for love , just keep an eye out . ;) 
God made the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars that we may dream under the glittering lights of tommorow 
Ight time to stop being an asshole and start over 
Fuck it 
Don't fly Mr. Bluebird I'm just walkin ' down the road , early mornin ' sunshine , tell me all I need to know ... 
Rule 1 : Never let em get ya down 
Invader Zim 
Today was just what I needed 
haaaaiiiicut 
As you wish 
The less a shit you give , the better < PROPMALE > you get what you want . 
Moonlight and cigarettes 
when we were young we were < PROPFEMALE > sinatras , like something I saw in a dream 
Gotta keep those love good vibrations happenin with her 
Bummer 
\'Impossible ' is just a small word thrown around by big men who find it easier to live in the world that they have been given than to explore the possibilties they have to change it \"" 
Rubadubdub Lars needs a dub 
Happiness is all about remembering to < PROPFEMALE > go 
goan < PROPFEMALE > skool < PROPFEMALE > lurn 
Back home to the Bx 
I'm such an idiot i blew the airmatress 
Motel money murder madness , let's change the mood from glad to sadness 
sit back and enjoy life 
locked out for 3 and a half hours , pissed does not begin to describe my anger 
Locked out till 8am I think the weekend has started 
Bar night o yes it is 
Bacon egg and cheese no one can argue a better meal 
The road to fortune awaits 
Wish I could always feel that way , so fuckin out of my head . we were runnin at full speed , I'll sleep when I'm dead ... 
Was just called the American Badass its a good day man 
high as fuck bouta play open mic 
Who's funner than < PROPFIRST > Linehan ? Um fucking noone 
Yanks baby 
Yankees 
Wake up each day and realize you can get what you want , do what you want and be what you want , that attitude is all it takes . 
Doesn't think he'll be drinking again for a while . 
Roaming flowing revelry 
I am troubled immeasureably by your eyes , I am struck by the feather of your soft replies .... 
Feelin alrighhhhht at the bar 
wow man , what a great night 
who forgets to study for a Psych personality test ... o wait me fuck :P 
Life old there , older than the trees ... 
After last night , I think I'm losing it 
Can't wait till tommorow 
Yankee Game ! 
Great Fucking Game ! Yeah baby ! 
What a great day 
Those who claim to be the wisest are usually the most confused . 
Take another shot of courage , wonder why the right words never come ... you just get numb . 
I feel its time to change 
Oh you say your lonely , pulled away by the tide and lost at sea .... 
With a girl the lonely sea looks good ... 
started his day off right . 
I'll get my < PROPMALE > 
bleh , the stank of the burbs , I really need my own place soon away from this place 
The sun went down in < PROPFEMALE > , the < PROPFEMALE > came up in wine . You know the stars are spinning dizzy , lord the band kept us so busy , we forgot about the time ... 
I'm not gonna sit around and wait anymore , I'm gonna < PROPMALE > those dreams . for once I'm gonna get what I want 
Life has its laughs and lessons to teach , sometimes things desired are left out of reach . 
Don't take life too seriously , you'll never get out alive- < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman ( I think hahaha ) 
Many times I thought of cutting out , but my heart just wont buy it . 
Gotta remember even if things don't turn out how you wanted at first , Life is beautiful , just appreciate and it shall compensate . 
is a hopeless romantic from a broken home , just tryin to make his way . 
we are the voyagers , to test the limits of time and dream , only to discover we are who we long to be 
has realized what it is to be free 
what's better than a shower and hawaiian music , um not much 
I've been a puppet , a pauper , a pirate , a poet , a pawn , and a < PROPMALE > . 
keep truckin 
One < PROPMALE > , that's all I need 
this is my time 
My head keeps spinnin ' , I go to sleep and keep grinnin ' , I know this is just the beginnin ' , my life is gonna be beautiful ... 
Today's just what I needed 
the smallest spark may light the most glorious fire 
< PROPFEMALE>'s highway bleeding 
she's like a raibow .... 
Sugar < PROPFEMALE > , blossoms bloomin ' , head's all empty and I don't care ... 
sleep beneath the celestial blanket , lit by lights of times before 
and you know I'll never lose affection , for people and things that went before , I know I often stop and think about them , In my life I love you more . in myyyy life I love you more 
there comes a time when a man discovers who he is , this is that time 
High Self Reflection 
wake n bake 
Osama bin dead 
National we got em day 
If I can dream ... < PROPMALE > Presley genius among men 
Let's swim to the < PROPFEMALE > , let's climb through the tide , penetrate the evenin ' that the city sleeps tonight .... 
Dream away 
Simple as that ... 
If this is just the beginin , my life is gonna be beeeeautiful 
its another < PROPFEMALE > sunrise this whole world still looks the same , another frame 
I was so much older then , I'm younger than that now ... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS6OhC-4Zyw 
The stars are blazin ' like rebel diamonds cut out of the sun ... 
What a great weekend 
\Dream as if you'll live forever . Live as if you'll die today . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . I plan to live by that . " 
wow this week just gets better man , thank God 
no matter how many time life kicks ya down you get back up and say fuck you , never let go of what's set deep in your heart 
< PROPFIRST > Delmont saved my phone from te depths of the huson , shit I hope it still works man 
< PROPFIRST > Velez is and will always be my brother . 
Is gonna make this last night in the count man 
Is back 
Lifts things up and puts them down . 
Anyone know a good gym in or near lynbrook ? 
My head keep spinnin ' . I go to sleep and keep grinnin ' ....... 
Needs a break for a while 
Buzzed n bored , guess a job is a good idea after all 
Well I'm ridin ' along\ 
Singin ' the same ol ' cowboy song\ 
That's been < PROPFIRST > a hundred times before\ 
Ain't got nothin ' but my name\ 
And I'm the only man I know to blame\ 
But I'm livin ' I'm happy and I'm free 
Life's too short to do anything but what you love . 
The eye , window to the world , portal to the soul . 
< PROPFEMALE > crabs for dinner , oh yeah . 
Had a perfect week in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
The night comes so quiet it's close on the heels of the day .... 
Has been watching Your Highness nonstop . so good 
fresh cut for next week yeahhh < PROPMALE > 
The fields are full of dancin ' , full of singin ' and romancin ' , The Music NEVER STOPPED 
May the four winds blow you safely home 
Existence = running from death , Living = running toward life . Why not smile 
I've changed the eyes I gaze in\ 
Still , she's just another girl\ 
And I need more than a trade in\ 
Guess I'll have to change the world 
Well the sun went down in honey\ 
The < PROPFEMALE > came up in wine \ 
Oh the stars were spinnin dizzy\ 
Lord the band kept us so busy\ 
We forgot about the time 
But if I get a < PROPMALE > to\ 
I might just change the world 
It's the honkey tonk women\ 
Give me , give me , give me \ 
the honkey tonk blues 
I never had a damn thing , but what I had , I had to leave it behind\ 
Your the hardest thing I ever tried to get off my mind 
Bout to see < PROPFIRST > Velsor the man , take a jam beyond and back with Sunflower and The Seeds . 
But I'm livin ' , I'm happy , and I'm free 
We are exagerated versons of our imaginations , clowns at our own funerals . 
great workout , after two weeks of straight partying , feels amazing to get back in the gym 
Well I woke up the mornin and I got maself a beer 
Just the kind of day that puts a smile on my face . 
It's all a dream we dreamed one afternoon long ago .... 
Wake now discover that you are the song that the morning brings 
Guess who's drunk , ummm Lars . 
The sun went down in < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > came up in wine 
Free fall flow , river flow\ 
on and on it goes\ 
breath underwater till the end\ 
yes the river knows ... 
Choose now they crooned\ 
Beneath the moon\ 
Beside an ancient lake 
Day one of work training at green tree is dunzooo 
I wanna tell you how it's gonna be , \ 
you're gonna give your love to me , \ 
I wanna love you night and day , \ 
you know my love not fade away . 
It's 1:30 and the first can has been cracked , can't wait to play 
Well now baby it's for sure ... \ 
I got the fever , you got the cure 
great day at work and whats better than an ice cold beer in a nice hot shower to top it off 
your eyes linger in my mind like a fond memory 
=) 
That's life , and as funny as it may seem\ 
Some people get their kicks , stompin ' on dream\ 
But I don't let it , let it get me down\ 
' Cause this fine ol ' world keeps spinnin ' round 
Dreams are of the sparkles in eyes we have yet to meet 
just wants to put a smile on your face 
Don't feel myself today , the gym will fix that . 
Dear anyone who says bicep peaks are ALL genetic , try gettin ur concentration curls right bitch 
