I do intend to put more family oriented pics in , but , one , it's gettin late , and , two , I need to find them all ! 

YAY ! I got a 97% on my Elastomerics quiz at Pickens ! 
Does anyone want some free x ~ rays ??? 
I love the songs we sing at choir practice !!! They're SOOO beautiful ! Not many things can give me butterflies like some of those songs do ! 
Well , me have college early tomorrow sooo g'night! 
Horsefeathers ! I really don't like having to do all the key terms in my dental chapters ! They do become rather tiresome ... :( 
I have nothing to say ... ( Michelle , I know you hate it when people do this ! ) ... ^_^ 
@} --;--`- 
Well ... G'night everyone ! I'm gonna hit the hay real hard tonight ! 
Horsefeathers ... this is gonna be the loooongest week EVER !!! 
Yay !!! Passed one test for DANB !!! Two more to go !!! 
Well , gotta go ... ttyl !!! 
Well , it's off to work for Noel ... sure does get kinda lonely ' round here without her pesterin ' me ... :( 
Well , me get some dinner ... leftovers ... wonderful ! ;) 
Okay ... me off to review me notes for my exam ... Me hope me dream comes true and I get the 98% that I got in the dream !!! ;D Good grades are always a plus !!! 
Sittin ' in a nice cozy hotel in Montrose , @} --;--`- and waitin for dinner at the Smugglers Brew Pub ! We picked up a menu and are gonna be ready to order right away !!! 
Home sweet home ! talkin to friends , paintin nails , servin lunch , washin dishes ... fun fun fun !!! 
hmm ... My profile pic isn't the most current ... oh well ... I'll get a more recent one sooner or later ! :) 
:) 
is really liking this snow day ! :) And still missing the warmer months :( 
Finally !!!! I got all 87 key terms done ! Goodness can those things take an eternity and like 5 hours !!!! ;) 
Me really bored ... Mom went to get Dad at the airport , and I'm just sittin here ... I should go read my book , or better yet , write one ! 
has the house to herself !!! Mwahahahahaha !!!! 8D 
left her lab coat in the wash and had to do workbook and key terms ALL day long ... can anyone say BORING !!! I know , I know , it was my fault ... but hey , I'm blonde , cut me some slack ! ;P 
can't WAIT for Christmas in Strasburg !!! We're gonna go caroling and I simply can't WAIT !!! 
The brain is a wonderful organ ... It starts as soon as you get up and doesn't stop until you get to school !!! 
Wow , long time no facebook ! I'm so thankful for Thanksgiving break ! ;) This five day weekend will prolly fly by ! And then ! It's off to clinicals ! YIKES !!! Sure wonder what it'll be like ... 
can't wait til Christmas break !!! And I LOVE being part of choir and singing all the beautiful songs on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
has nothin to report today other than shoppin with Mom and < PROPFIRST > , going to Tylers Christmas play , and ... well , nuttin else ... 
On December 5 and 20 fum fum fum ! Its stuck in me head ! And there aren't really any good versions of it on playlist.com! !! HORSEFEATHERS !!! 
now , when you clean your bathroom cause your room is clean ... you know your bored ! And it's only the beginning of Christmas break !!! ( I'm only bored cause the house is mine ... what am I supposed to do !?!?!? ) 
hmm ... now that that's done ... what else should I clean ... -_^ 
Two days til Christmas !!! Can't WAIT ! ^_^ 
Every silver lining has a cloud 
Doppelgänger week - change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble . -- Remember these are who we have been TOLD we look like , not necessarily who you think you resemble . 
Give-Kids-A-Smile-Day was very intruiging !!! I had fun though ! 
is very happy because my resumes have been mailed ! Now , I just have to wait for the phone call ! 
I just got my Dental Assistant Certificate in the mail today !!! It's is all official and in written in pen now !!! WOO HOO !!!! 8D 
I'm an open book , yet , no one can read me ! 
I've got a JOB !!!! I'm going to be working at Plains Medical Center !!!! YAY !!!! ^_^ 
Hey ya'll! I was just wonderin , would you be friends with yourself if there were two you's! ? 
Deo Dicamus Gratias , ALLELULIA !!!! I LOVE that song !!!! 8D 
Aye , my face is all swollen ! Gettin wisdom teeth out is certainly no walk in the park ! I was glad they put me out for it ... I can't remember a thing ! < :) 
Wow !!!! Thanks everyone ! Sry , I haven't been on in forever ! I had a great b-day ! 
The tongue weighs very little , yet only a handful can hold it ! 
YAY ! Its Raining !!!! It's about time too ! 
is wondering , if reading makes you smart , why do they hafta put the title of the book at the top of every single < PROPFEMALE > in that book ? ;D 
had an AMAZING day at CU yesterday !!!! ^_^ 
is a risible boondoggler ! ;D 
Happy Thanksgiving to all , and to all a good night ! ;D 
