Can you really get your mind around the number twenty-four billion ? 

I'm going to spend a few hours in the math lab doing homework before class . 
I just got home after spending a wonderful weekend with < PROPMALE > . I'm so exhausted , its time for sleep . I have an early English class tomorrow . Good Night ! 
Up at 6:30 am , going for a jog before I leave for class . 
Just went on a 3 mile bike ride in this 100º weather . 
California should raise the tax on tobacco and alcohol before social and health services get cut . 
Just got home from a three mile bike ride along the American River before the temperature < PROPFEMALE > above 100º . 
Can't find my thumb drive , not good . :( 
I wonder if everyone is going to buy OxiClean off the shelves now that < PROPFIRST > Mays has died . Just like people bought < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s albums after he died . 
thinks he might have ADD . I am working on an essay for English and getting distracted easily . 
Sometimes horoscope.com speaks directly to my situation ; its almost like they are writing to me . Cancer : < PROPFEMALE > is the virtue of your stars today . Learn it and < PROPFEMALE > will serve you well . Giving people and your profession the time to become what it is 
Happy 4th of July ! Be Safe ! 
I'm going on a bike ride , its a nice day . 
This is the first time in my life that I have school on my birthday . 
I'm going to the American Idol Concert tomorrow . I'm excited to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm so excited to get to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
California's budget crisis is ridiculous . It is obviously going to take a combination of raises taxes AND cuts to balance the budget . It can't be one way . 
Its such a nice day , I don't want to go to school . 
hates being left hanging . 
I have a math final today . 
is practicing < PROPMALE > 7 chords on the guitar . 
Sometimes I miss living in the 80's . 
I got up early and jogged over 3 < PROPMALE > before the temperature < PROPFEMALE > above 100° . 
is one step closer to a 6-pack . Hopefully I will have one by October . 
I reduced my carbon footprint today , by buying a Brita© water pitcher . 
I have to go to Amador County today . I hate going there . 
Son < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > jour pour < PROPFEMALE > tour de vélo . 
????????? 
I woke up dizzy this morning . :( 
I'm facing a budget deficit like California . :( 
Its about time Mr. < PROPFIRST > Jong-Il did something humanitarian by pardoning < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Thank you President < PROPMALE > for bringing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > back to the U.S. 
needs to find peace of mind . 
finds it ironic that people are getting physically injured in the name of healthcare . 
is getting more comfortable reading guitar tabs . 
I'm going to try and stay awake to watch the meteor shower tonight . 
I have to spend the night in Amador County tonight . It is not my favorite place to be . 
Thank you to all the California firefighters . 
I woke up at 7:30 am , rode the bike for 3 < PROPMALE > , did the dishes , laundry , cleaned the carpet , picked up my prescription , went on a 3 mile jog , cleaned the kitchen , vacuumed , and took out the trash . Now its time to relax for the rest of day . 
is dizzy and has a migraine . :( 
Just got back from an approximately 3.75 mile bike ride . 
is baking a cake . 
I can't believe I knocked over a glass of red juice on my carpet ! 
I just got back from a 10 mile bike ride . Five < PROPMALE > up the American River Parkway and back . My legs are so tired . 
is only checking facebook once a week . 
is feeling the pressure of these projects that I'm working on . 
I revamped my apartment . It looks and feels much more comfortable . 
feels like he caught a cold . :( 
doesn't like this cold weather . 
Adding weights when one goes bicycling makes a difference . My lower back is feeling that difference today . 
I have no idea where my keys are . I looked everywhere . :\\ 
I recieved the H1N1 vaccine yesterday . I hope it doesn't make me sick . 
Just finished an 18-mile bike ride . 
I was brave today , I cut my own hair . 
One more month to go until its 2010 ! I'm so ready to put 2009 behind me . 
I find it to be ironic that I can go out in 104°F weather and ride 20 < PROPMALE > with no problem , but when the temperature drops below 60°F , riding 3 < PROPMALE > is difficult . I hate cold weather . 
I need to find a cardio activity to do when it gets this cold . 
It's always fun to ride to the state capitol and watch the protests . 
prefers reading non-fiction as opposed to fiction . 
Happy Holidays ! 
I'd hate to be Gov . < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger as California's bond rating goes down the tubes . 
I'm ready for the rain to stop . 
It nice to finally see the sun . 
I hope everyone has a good weekend . 
\Cogito ergo sum . \"" 
Is being placed in the middle . 
is amused to have internet for tonight ! 
Such a nice day today . 
Why is physical health given more weight and attention than psychological health ? 
My horoscope today : Cancer : You've got a lot on your mind right now , Cancer , and others might be interpreting your quiet behavior as your being aloof . Go right ahead and let them think whatever they want . You've got some real issues to think through , and decisions with important consequences to come up with . You'll be able to smooth their ruffled feathers later . Right now , just focus on taking care of yourself . 
Needs to do a lot of preparation this weekend . 
\I'm afraid of Americans \"- < PROPFIRST > Bowie " 
started to bike ride again . Did 18 < PROPMALE > yesterday . 
I wish I could goto Coachella this weekend . 
If tomorrow turns out to be a nice day , then my goal for tomorrow is 19 < PROPMALE > . 
It was such a nice spring day along the American River Parkway . 
Just got home from a 24 mile bike ride . 
Had lunch in Sausalito today . I wish I would have brought my bicycle , the weather was gorgeous . 
I rode a cumulative total of 67 < PROPMALE > this past week . 
Feels nostalgic . 
loves coffee in the morning . 
I saw Matisyahu perform at the California Capital yesterday ; he was awesome . 
is tired . 
¡Felíz Cinco de Mayo ! 
My cat had kittens last night . Who wants one ? 
Had fun at Concert in the Park tonight . 
I don't feel great today . 
I completed a ten mile bike now laying by the pool . I love this weather . 
At the Amgen bike tour in downtown Sacramento . 
< PROPFEMALE > is an undervalued virtue . 
I have the courage to see life as it really is . 
Just took a hot bubble bath and now drinking a glass ( or three ) of pinot noi . 
Wondering what this week has in store for me . 
< PROPFIRST > Brown or < PROPFEMALE > Whitman ? I'm undecided , it will be interesting who puts on the best campaign . 
Staying in Amador County for a short time , if anyone wants to chill let me know . 
I love having my birthday in the summer . 27 !!! 
I took my cat , < PROPFEMALE > , to the vet this morning to be spayed . 
Who should replace Chief Justice < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? 
dislikes BP . 
When I think about the unimaginable suffering being experienced by all forms of life in the Gulf of Mexico ( i.e. sea turtles being burned alive in oil burn-offs , birds and other < PROPFEMALE > animals being suffocated and poisoned , not to mention all the people who have had their livelihoods destroyed ) , an 18 billion dollar fine doesn't seem adequate . 
Just say no to racial profiling ! 
Prop 8 overturned ! \ 
\ 
Discrimination does not have a place in California . 
I'm exhausted . I had the worst night ever ! 
I'm not sure what to think about the mosque at ground zero issue . I see that if the Cordoba Initiative was to be barred from building the mosque , then their first amendment rights would be violated , which is never ok . On the other hand , the negative psychological impact that the mosque might symbolize for the people affected by 9/11 is definitely an important thing to consider . 
I think Wyclef < PROPFIRST > would of done a lot of good for Haiti as president . 
A HUGE weight has been lifted from me . I am sooo relieved ! 
I'm in a great mood . :) 
I support U.S. District Judge < PROPFEMALE > Phillips ' ruling that ' Don't ask don't tell ' is unconstitutional . I don't see how a person's sexual attraction affects their capacity and ability to put their lives up for ante in defense of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just took a moment of silence in acknowledgement and remembrance for the victims of September 11 , 2001 . 
I cant wait for Thursday ! 
How can Pope < PROPMALE > XVI expect a warm welcome in the United Kingdom when the organization he leads has repeatedly attempted to cover up various sexual crimes against children ? 
I just bought a bmw z3 ! Its sooo awesome ! 
It is such a blast driving with the top down ! 
My cat hasn't come home in three days . :( 
I think I'll pass on the genetically modified salmon . 
I haven't seen < PROPFEMALE > , my cat , since last thursday . The probability of her coming back is low . I miss her . 
My sister hit my car , while parked in the driveway , with an ATV . \ 
Awww , I still can't believe it ! :( 
Any physician who participates in a sexual relationship with his or her patient or former patient , is exploiting the patient and not acting consistently with the Hippocratic Oath . The physician should , ( emphasis added ) , ALWAYS place the interests of the patient before their own interests . Any physician who does not do this should not be a physician . 
Being reflective is gaining a perspective that is detached from what you already think so that you can look at and reflect on the things that you think as it were from the outside . One of the best ways to do this is through conversation . 
I put my car in the body shop . 
I want to go on a road trip soon ! 
Will California ever have a budget ? 
I got my car back from the body shop , it looks great ! 
There needs to be at least five more hours in the day ! 
There is an intellectual side to life and an emotional side . The question is when should you base your behavior on intellect or emotions ? 
I must of slept in the wrong position because I can't turn my head to the right without experiencing a sharp pain in the back of my neck . :( 
Thousands of years of political history should hint to North Korea that hereditary succession is not the best way to run a country . 
I just switched my car insurance to Geico® and saved hundreds of dollars ! 
I feel overwhelmed by the tsunami of negative political advertisments across the media . I am not very motivated to vote . 
This is perfect weather for a top-down cruise . I'm having a great day . :) 
I am voting yes on Proposition 19 . 
One hundred sixty dollars to hook up the car to the computer to see why the check engine light came on ? It's just like hooking up an I-Pod to a computer . Whatever BMW 
Happy Halloween everyone ! Be safe ! 
I jogged 2.78 < PROPMALE > today . 
Good morning everyone ! 
Why does the DMV have to be such an unpleasant place ? 
I disagree with San Fransico's ban on the happy meal . Although McDonalds is on the border of being posionous to the body , legislation seems intrusive in this case . It would be more appropiate for a governmental agency to fund educational advertisements on why it is harmful to eat such food . 
I'm going to take a moment of silence in remembrance and gratitude for our U.S. Ventrans . 
I'm disturbed by what seems to be an increase in suicide in this country and around the world . It is important to understand that suicide is the end result of a certain class of recognized medical conditions and NOT related to a person's moral character . It is a worthwhile endeavor to promote awareness of mental health and destigmatize . 
I just came inside from doing doughnuts in the snow with an ATV . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! 
I'm ready to move out of California . The question is which state should I move to ? 
\Existence precedes essence . \ " - Jean-Paul Satre ( French Philosopher 1905-1980)\ 
I need a jolt of passion . 
I hope everyone has a wonderful , safe Christmas ! 
2010 has probably been the most profound year in my life . I have faced several deep challenges this year and came out on top and in the process , gained invaluable insights into the world and myself . I am looking forward for 2011 . \ 
Happy New Years to everyone ! 
I started this morning with a two mile jog . I need to work back to the twenty mile a day bike rides . 
My thoughts and condolences go out to the victims and their families of yesterday's shooting in Arizona . 
I love how it is the middle of winter , yet I'm dressed in a t-shirt , shorts , sandals , sunglasses and I had the top down going to the store today . 
??? ?????????? ???? ??? ?? ???????????? ?????????, ? ???????????? ??????. 
What does today have in store for me ? 
\Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it . \ " \ 
I'm finally starting to get over this cold thats lasted for days ! 
Assuming that God is all knowing , all powerful , and all good , the question for theists then becomes why does suffering exist ? If God is all of these things , then it follows that he ( or she ) would have the power to create a world with far less suffering . I reject the free will argument because it fails to account for a great deal of suffering caused by natural events . 
I'm going with the Steelers for the Super Bowl . 
A right is a degree of protectiveness , as in I have a right not to be shot . A < PROPFEMALE > is a degree of discretion as in I have the < PROPFEMALE > to watch whatever TV show I want . \ 
There should not be a right to marriage equality , but rather a < PROPFEMALE > for marriage equality . 
It is clear that when a government chooses to ignore basic human rights , then revolution is inevitable . 
\Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . \ " \ 
Perhaps California could save a substantial amount of money if all death row inmates were given life without parole instead and the death penalty tossed out . 
BMWs are ridiculous cars to have in the snow ..... :\\ 
I just finished digging out the car from the snow , I feel like I got my cardio in for the day . 
I am in the process of finding a job and I need some references . If you have known me for at least a year and would like to help me out , please send me a private message with your contact info . A big thank you in advance ! :) 
A deficit happens when expenditures outweigh income . When this happens , the only thing to do to correct the situation is to cut expenditures . With this understanding , the question is why are unions opposed to ideas of concession ? 
I got a job ! I start training tomorrow ! :) 
In the case of the black hole , not even light can escape . Similarly , a drug addiction is enigmatic in the same sense as the black hole in that reason and logic break down and lose their meaning . 
Happiness is getting behind the wheel of a fast car . 
I can't believe I just forgot my Ipod was in my sweater pocket when I put it in the washing machine ! I got distracted when I was loading my clothes , then 3 seconds later I realized the ipod was in the pocket , but it was too late . All of my music is gone . My Ipod was in indispensable tool I utilized in maintaining a positive mood . 
Life is a intricate , continuous balancing act . 
Perfection arises out of repetition . 
A person who has mastered the virtue of class will , in the face of absurdity , still be able to respond with a benevolent type of respect . 
I think the recent catastrophe in Japan is an austere reminder of cosmopolitanism , the view that I am fundamentally a citizen of the world . 
I'm going to the dentist today , but rather than being nervous , I excited . lol 
Time to go shovel the driveway ! 
I need to goto Germany and drive on the Autobahn in a fast car before I die . :) 
