is about to go munch on some tasty ham 

Damn , that was some tasty ham 
is preparing for a zombie outbreak 
has fell in love with the wonderful city of Rapture 
has finally witnessed the best werewolf movie ever . 
wants it to be Spring 
wants it to be Friday already . 
thought the Clash of the Titans remake in 3-D was really good . 
misses his car 
feels like crap right now . 
is so glad school is over with , for a couple of weeks . 
is going to see < PROPFIRST > Buffett live at the Brdgestone Arena tonight . 
is currently watching all NOES movies . 
got a good 9 hours of sleep , last night . 
hates it , when he tries to be nice to someone and that someone is an asshole to him . 
is excited for the upcoming new classes for this semester . 
is so tired after a long day at school . 
is not looking forward to night class . : ( 
just got done watching \Never Sleep Again : Elm Street Legacy . \"" 
is currently in the process of watching all the \Friday the 13th\ " movies . " 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dio 
is in the process of watching all Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies . 
is tired of working outside in the hot weather . : ( 
Stop putting live concerts in Best Buy !!!! That is all . 
is so happy that two Midnight Syndicate albums will be released July 30th ! :) 
OMG . < PROPMALE > of Persia was awesome ! 
is off to working on some Web-Site Design homework , ugh . 
sitting in class , with nothing to do , soooo bored . 
Hates the Hillshire Meat commercials . They're so retarded . 
Today looks like it's going to be a good day ! Peace out . 
is really stressed out . 
wants a Vacation . 
is in the process of watching all the \Saw\ " movies . " 
wants to thank Pixar for making Toy Story 3 . It was such an amazing movie ! 
Happy Father's Day to all fathers out there ! 
I can't wait to move to my new campus next semester ! 
Is my sickness ever going to go away ? I hate having allergy problems . 
Going to buy fireworks tonight , for the 4th of July . 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes ! 
Getting a Blizzard at Dairy < PROPFEMALE > . Mmmm 
had a wonderful day today . 
Going to Popeye's to get some chicken and Godly biscuits . 
Sorcerer's Apprentice is an awesome movie ! Go see it immediately . 
witnessed the awesomeness of the Frisco Melt at Steak N ' Shake . 
< PROPMALE > Zimmer makes the most beautiful music . ever . 
< PROPFIRST > McCartney put on an amazing concert here in Nashville . Go < PROPFIRST > ! 
Goodnight everyone on FB . I'm out . 
Nothing like listening to some Midnight Syndicate during a thunderstorm . 
Creating my music playlist that I will be using for Halloween night . 
is ready for the Fall season . 
is counting the days until HHN starts in < PROPMALE > . Can't wait ! 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
Schoolwork done for the day . Now time to relax . 
is tired of this blistering heat ! :( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Videos on TV in 30 minutes ! :) 
Time to watch me some South Park . :) 
Sophomore year of college is done . Time for a two week break :) 
Photoshop CS5 is amazing ! 
Can't wait for August 26th !!!! 
Mudvayne is awesome ! 
Pirahna 3D is awesome ! That is all . 
5 Days left for the big day . 
will be cruising out on the open seas in a couple of days . :) 
Why in the hell does the air conditioning have to break down during the heat of the Summer ? I am not happy . Ugh ... 
Reporting from Key West ... Me ! :) 
Damn wal-mart connection for hotel wi-fi . Better off using 3G off of my phone 
Glad to be back home . :) 
3 More Days for Resident Evil : Afterlife ! :) 
Gone to see \Machete\ " at the movies . " 
Why can't it be Oct . 7 already ?! Can't wait for HHN . 
Is in Halo high right now . Might have to rebuy Halo : CE and Halo 2 . 
Is feeling down at the moment , as of now :( 
Got my HNN shirt in the mail today ! :) Thank you Laz , < PROPFIRST > & Jenn ! 
Off to school I go . 
It sure does take a long time just to rank up to Captain in Halo Reach ... ugh 
Autodesk < PROPFEMALE > 2011 is awesome for doing 3D sculpting ! :) 
HHN tomorrow night ! :) 
@ CityWalk right now 
@ < PROPMALE > Marley's right now . 
Here at the gates of HHN . 
HHN was awesome !!!! :) Had an awesome HNN meet up too !!!! Best year of HHN . Ever . 
A day @ IOA today . 
@ Bubba Gump's for lunch and then off to the Studios for the day . 
Time to get some homework done . 
Wants it to be Friday already ... ugh 
Today is awesome because I got Rock Band 3 with the keyboard . 
I hate taking tests . That's all I have to say for now . 
Got the music playlist ready for Halloween night ! I'm ready to scare some trick or treaters , haha . 
Gone for dinner and to see Saw 3D ! 
Saw 3D is awesome ! Go see it . 
Halloween is supposed to be honored on the day that it falls on . So STFU stupid churches ! 
If you are trick or treating tonight at my house , you will receive no < PROPFEMALE > . Kthnxbye . 
Homework to do today for Philosophy class , then a boring day of doing nothing , but wait for tomorrow night . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Another successful house haunt ! It was a fun time indeed scaring trick or treaters . 
2 research papers to do before this semester ends . ugh ... 
Hello weekend ! Nice to meet you again . 
Horror Night Nightmares has shut down today at for server maintenance and may be down for 1-3 days . We will be back , so bear with us during the down time . News and updates will be posted on the Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is going to watch End of Days tonight to help remind me of Fear Revealed . 
Got to experience the BTTF : The Ride on my copy of the BTTF Trilogy Blu-Ray ! 
Is feeling mentally drained as of now . 
Half of my face is numb , after getting done with the dentist this morning . I want to drink something right now , but I know I can't ... ugh 
Will be deleting people off ofmy friends list . Some people that don't know . 
I want to thank all Veterans that fought for our freedom . Happy Veteran's Day ! 
Having lunch at Waffle House . 
Going to see Unstoppable at the theaters . 
\If your good at anticipating the human mind ... it leaves nothing to chance . \ " -Tobin < PROPFEMALE > as \ " Jigsaw\ " from SAW " 
How's my day going to be like today ? Go see Skyline at the movies , schoolwork , more schoolwork , dinner , more schoolwork , sleep . 
Skyline is an awesome movie . 
For everyone on HNN , I have a special surprise for you all tonight . 
Had an awesome day today ! Goodnight everybody and take care . 
Had an awesome , take it easy day playing Black Ops . 
My HHN XX soundtrack has been updated with a new track ! Come and get it . 
4 weeks left of the school semester to go ! :) Time to stop procrastinating on term papers , and then I should be out of between a rock and a hard place . 
No , I will not play farmville . Kthnxbye . 
Working on an awesome shirt design 
I cannot stop listening to < PROPFEMALE > . His music is filled with awesomeness . 
One term paper left and it's all downhill from here . 
Can't wait to see Deathly Hallows tonight ! 
@ the theater waiting for Deathly Hallows to start up . 
Photobucket is being stupid right now ... ugh 
Gone to have an awesome dinner at Sonic 
Really ?!?! < PROPFIRST > Bieber won Artist of the year ?!?! Hell has officially frozen over . 
Listening to Universal's Halloween Horror Nights - < PROPMALE > ( OFFICIAL ) music from years past . 
With Thanksgiving coming up , I will say what I most thankful for . I am thankful for an awesome loving family and my friends for being there for me . 
Halloween > Christmas 
GameStop knows how to piss me off real well . 
Got out of class early and going to have an awesome dinner . Life is good . 
I want to wish all of my friends a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Going to watch the B&W version of The Mist for the first time tonight and then go to sleep for a big day tomorrow . 
I hope < PROPMALE > Jones aka ( Killer Croc ) gets used as a villain for the next Batman movie by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Nahhhhhh ! 
R . I . P . < PROPFIRST > Nielsen 
Tomorrow , I will be having a \Case of the Mondays . \"" 
Glad to be back home , after staying overtime at the school . 
Tron Legacy , I'm waiting patiently for you . 
Might finish up my Philosophy paper , well ... during Philosophy class tomorrow . 
They say that the mind bends in half to deal with the horrors of life . Sometimes the mind bends so much , it breaks . 
Ready for my presentation tomorrow in Psychology 101 . Hope it goes well . 
Changeyour default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same 
Going to put up the Christmas tree tonight . Today is going to be awesome . 
I came , I saw , I kicked its ass ! My Philosophy class paper , that is . 
I don't like the new Facebook profile < PROPFEMALE > update . It's all funky . 
It's 23 Degrees outside . Way too cold . 
Next week is last week of school for Christmas break . Am I excited ? Hell yes ! :) 
Latter 1990's and early 2000's had awesome music . I sure do miss it . 
Saw the new Narnia movie tonight , and I must say it was pretty awesome . 
The weather outside is frightful . 
No class tomorrow ! :) Thank you Baby Jesus for the snow storm ! 
Working on another shirt design . 
Ice storm tomorrow night in the area of town . I don't want to drive through this shit tomorrow just for class . 
Fate is only what you make it . 
Anxiously refreshing the school closings webpage . I don't want to drive through an ice storm tonight . 
I don't like to complain , but school on Friday night for makeup class , \YUCK ! \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Gayber is on CSI . Get off of my TV . 
A presentation and a test tomorrow . Let's do this ! 
I don't know anyone at this Christmas party . It's really awkward . 
Tron Legacy today ! 
Tron is amazing !!! 
Time for a < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars holds a special place in my heart . 
Finished up Return of the Jedi ( Theatrical Version ) . Might watch It's a trap real soon . 
Going to watch How the Grinch Stole Christmas and then call it a night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody !!! 
Feeling sick ... ugh 
Rule #32 of Zombieland : Enjoy the little things 
It's snowing , I love it ! 
Dear People's Choice Award , \ 
Do NOT let anyone from Twilight and < PROPFIRST > Bieber win anything at all . Kthnxbye . 
People's Choice Awards is a joke . 
Been re-reading the first < PROPMALE > Potter book , today and the past couple of days . Might also re-read the others as well . 
Having an awesome day so far , started re-reading Chamber of Secrets . 
Well , tomorrow is the first day back to school ... due to the fact I've been out of school due to snow days . Make your move Flynn ... , COME ON ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! Repost if you agree .. 
Going to see Green Hornet tonight ! :) 
Getting blurred vision , that's the cue to hit the sack . G'night everybody in FBland . 
Fixing myself some Turkey for lunch . Mmm ... 
Black eyed peas playing halftime for superbowl , woot ! 
I'm going to celebrate my day off tomorrow , by doing absolutely nothing . 
What did I do on my day off today ? I finished up on re-reading Prisoner of Azkaban and then watched the movie . 
Going to fix rotisserie chicken for lunch . Mmm ... 
Return of the < PROPMALE > on TV , awesome !!! 
Working on new artwork , which I haven't done in awhile . Will post pics when done . 
Going to see The Rite tonight 
Please , no more exorcism movies for awhile , there has been way too many recently . 
Played angry birds for the first time . WOW ! It is addicting . 
Blah ! Why does tomorrow have to be Monday ? 
nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
After having 6 < PROPFEMALE > burgers and Chili Cheese Fries for dinner , I feel exhausted . 
Got my copy of Let Me In on BluRay today ! :) 
Great . This winter weather has finally put its toll on me , by making me sick . 
Been sick over the past three days has made me lose my voice . So much for speech class tomorrow . 
Geez , snow again ! :( Is it Spring yet ? 
Going to purchase my Horror Night Nightmares shirt when I get back home . :) 
Anything but damn Beiber . 
A week of decent weather FINALLY !!! 
There's no place like home . 
Having a terrible migraine . Debating on whether or not to go to class tonight . 
Tonight's episode of CSI kind of reminds me of a trap out of the Saw movies . 
Unknown Movie is awesome . That is all . 
Is this school semester over with yet ?! I hate speech class . 
Mondays suck . That is all . 
Going to pick up Due Date on blu < PROPFIRST > and then grabbing something for lunch from Subway . 
Class was REALLY slow tonight . 
Working on a Graphics Standard < PROPMALE > . Woot ! 
The make-up days at school , are really starting to piss me off . DAMNIT ! 
Going to play some Xbox live real soon . 
I have a speech to give tomorrow and I haven't even started rehearsing . 
It should be illegal to have speech class in the mornings ... ugh 
Congrats < PROPMALE > Baker on winning best make up for \The Wolfman ! \ " :) " 
Had a really good weekend , just wished it lasted longer . 
Got all school related homework done for the week . Woo ! 
Fixing some fried bologna sandwiches for lunch . Mmmm ! 
The new Mortal Kombat demo is amazing !!! 
Monday is finally over with ... another one bites the dust . 
I got a invite for an app on FB , and it's causing a bunch of spam . Sorry for that crap , in advance . 
Having a great day so far . Awesome day don't fail me now . 
I am so damn happy right now , that if you threw a brick at me I wouldn't care . 
Going to be staying up late and playing some Black Ops tonight . 
Is loving this Spring weather . 
Arby's beef and cheddar sandwiches are to die for . 
< PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt will be playing the Holiday killer ( < PROPMALE > Falcone ) in < PROPMALE>'s , \Dark Knight Rises . \ " So far 3 villains will be in the movie . " 
Today is my Friday , woot woot ! 
I had a nightmare that I parked my car in a giant parking lot and I could never find it . 
Inherited a first generation iPad from my dad , since he received his iPad2 . I am one happy person right now . 
Wants the next 3-4 weeks to go by really quick . 
After all this time , I think I'm finally going to put together a soundtrack with music used at Universal < PROPMALE > Resort . 
Going out to see Insidious at the movies . 
Why do people have to be so damn inconsiderate of others during a movie ? Felt like crackin ' some skulls . 
Whenever you see Insidious , make sure you look for Saw and Dead Silence references . Such an awesome movie . 
Not looking forward to waking up tomorrow morning ... BLAH ! 
If Lady Gaga wanted to tour with the Goo Goo Dolls , it would be called the Goo Goo Gaga Tour . 
Not liking the terrible weather outside . Had a tornado warning while at school , then it went away . Where's my sunshine ? 
Anybody know where I can buy/find the music score from \Insidious ? \"" 
My new school schedule for next semester is finally the way it should be , woot ! 
Project/homework for class today all done . Time to chillax . 
