got in to the U of M !!! 

I HATE DRAMA !!!! 
TWINS ARE DIVISION CHAMPS !!!! 
SO happy to be done with school for a while ! 
just had a fabulous night . 
is ... just amazing right now :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and the Frog was actually pretty good . Who'd a thunk it ? 
32 on my ACT ?! Holy Crap !! 
just had a fun night watching a movie with a really good friend :) 
Happy New Year everybodys :D 
I've realized that the newest pokemon games coming out are trying their best to try and screw over the new generation . 
just got back from sledding for SEVEN HOURS ! :D 
GIANT YELLOW BOUNCY BALL !!!!! 
I just played a game of monopoly where we drained out the bank . Freaken awsome . 
Being a senior is finally starting to pay off . Woot late start ! 
Just now woke up after an all night after prom party . Pretty awsome . 
Holy crap ! I just saw . Comercial with the Paramount in the background ( which was the theatre across the street from prom for those that don't know ) 
Dosn't have to go to school tomorrow . Sup noobs . 
Estoy haciendo mi proyecto de mi clase español con mi grupo ! Divertido ! 
Guess what I just lost . It starts with a g and ends with an ame 
I am so sick of choir ! For the longest time , choir was my favorite class and the highlight of the day . But having to deal with the stupid , immature people there has me saying for the first time \I'm glad I'm almost out of here ! \"" 
Literally hasn't golfed this bad since he was 12 . But I saw a kid get a hole in one . Awsome ! 
Stupid Twins ! 
10$ for 3 months of xbox live ? Heck yea ! 
Have you ever had a time where you realize someone who used to be one of you best friends suddenly doesn't like you anymore ? 
What the crap is with the freaken snow !?! 
kinda hates work right now . 
is THIS close to killing someone . 
Just got back from the traditional after concert Applebees party , and it was awsome ! It's kind of sad to think that this is our last one as an official part of the choir . But on the plus side , the concert actually turned out pretty good ! Turns out our choir CAN do something in a pinch . I just want to thank everyone for pulling it together and making this a great concert to go out on ! 
Little kids are evil 
This is awsome , for the first day in like , a month and a half , I have nothing to do today ! No work , no studying , just catching up on fun stuff I missed :D 
VALLEY FAIR TOMORROW !!!!!! :D 
Guess who gets to write a research paper tonight ? :D 
is bummed out . 
Feel better after talking to a friend :) 
I'm really loving the new Glee CD :D 
is lonely at work :( 
My iTouch says it's supposed to be 92 degrees on Monday . S *** . 
Here I sit at work , sad , knowing I'm going to miss the series finale of LOST tonight . Someone wanna come blow up the bowling alley for me ? 
Just got done with literally the worst round of golf I've played in many a year . It was so hot , that I got sunburned , played like absolute crap ( 137 , isn't that sad ? ) , and got a slight case of heat exhaustion . Now I'm sitting at home , feeling like I'm going to die . This . Day . Sucked ! 
Last day of school ! Absolutely amazing ! 
Just got home from a really awsome Twins game ! Beat the Yankees 8 to 2 Kubul ( probably spelled his name wrong ) had an awsome night , two home runs ! The new stadium is really nice , thanks for inviting me Cullen ! 
Attention Seniors : The Valley Fair waterpark IS open from 12-5 tomorrow ! 
What time are we supposed to be at school tomorrow for Valley Fair ? 
Wow , that was an awsome day hanging out at Valley Fair . The rain kind of sucked , but if you didn't wuss out , you wre rewarded with a close to empty park . So , owned wimps ! 
www.givesmehope.com\ 
\ 
I recomend that everyone goes to this website if you're having a bad day , or if you need a reminder that there are still good people out there . This site actually got ME < PROPFEMALE > eyed from some of the stuff there . 
* sniff * I'm gonna miss Glee :'( 
IT'S OVER 9000 !!!!!! 
Yesterday was awsome . Tubing down the river , followed by a pokemon/digimon marathon . Oh , and I got really sunburnt . Awsome . 
So ... just got back from working a nine and a half hour shift becuse my friggen manager neglected to tell ANYONE about the party of 70 little dancing girls that came in tonight . He can honestly go f *** himself . 
has nothing to do tomorrow . 
Just golfed 44 . Holy freaken balls . 
Just found my solo/ensemble medal . I'm gonna miss some parts of choir :'( 
My mom is officially going insane over this stupid grad party . 
Wow , three awsome grad parties for three awsome people , then an hour and a half of volleyball in the rain ( which is WAY more fun than dry volleyball by the way ) . Great day . 
3 in Bio , 4 in English Language , 5 in Calc ! 
Hey ! I was awake 12 hours ago ! 
Just saw a commercial for Spongebob GPS software , so you can have Spongebob's voice for your GPS . Because Saten has found yet another way to enter into our lives . 
God damn it , I want a freaken dislike button SO bad !!! 
Oh wow , watch the Twins fail . 
When does the street dance go til ? 
Wow , just got back from another awsome Sonshine Fest . It was a great time as always , exept for the storm , but that was no big deal . Got two new people hooked on it as well , way to go < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! You guys survived the first year ! 
Found out that people can change . People who you thought you knew better than anyone else can suddenly do an about-face and you just don't know them anymore . Thankfully , I'm blessed with amazing friends that could probably lift my spirits no matter what happens . 
Well , this is something really random I thought of after seeing one of my friend's status : If there's was/is any one question that you want me to answer , ask it , by comment or private message , and I'll tell the absolute truth . Lol , put this as your own status too if your couragous enough . 
If my laptop would go ahead and be here ... that'd be great . 
The game . 
:) 
This is my first status update on the new laptop , awsome ! 
Dispicable Me is a good movie if anyone was wondering :) 
So , just saw a commercial for a spoof of the Twilight series . Who else plans on going , just because it insults that series ? 
I hate working with slackers ! 
Work has me so hyper !!! 
If you think im hot like this status . If you love me put a ?. If im your friend put a (: , if you want to go out with me put a :D . If youever had a crush on me put a xD . If you are family put a : 0 . If you are brave repost this as your status . :) 
Kidz Bop should die ! 
First day back from the cabin . I have a whole two days before I leave for college . :( 
Loses the game every time he sees Backy Plachy's name . Stupid friggen picture ! 
I leave for Bemidji tomorrow ! 
WOOT ! I'm officially in my dorm ! 
I just found out that my accounting class that I THOUGHT was on the other side of campus , is actually right next to my dorm hall . That ten minute walk turned into a 45 second one ! 
Even more good surprises : this politics class that I have for three hours every Tuesday night ? Yea , it's actually focusing on the philosophical part of politics . Which is awesome . 
I just realized that my politics class , which is Tuesday nights from 6- 8:30 , will keep me from seeing the new season of Glee until Christmas . FML !!! 
Well , good to know I can't sight sing , can't count , and my musical ear sucks . :( 
Thank you Microsoft for creating System Restore , because it one again saved my computer from being stricken by a virus . 
If you haven't had chocolate milk in a while , go get some . It's better than you remember . 
Watching Family Feud , here's what happened :\ 
Host : Name a state that has a direction in its name . \ 
Me : North/South < PROPFEMALE > ! North/South Dakota ! \ 
Contestant : Arizona ! \ 
Me : Dumbass 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > wins the < PROPFEMALE > . YAY ! 
The worst thing that could ever happen in the world of music has happened . This thing could make me commit musical suicide . I have officially joined the group of the damned , I'm a tenor :( 
At age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder ... what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post if you have the best Mom in the world ? 
hates being put in groups with arrogant people . 
So , I'm supposed to read Yellow Wallpaper for my literature class . Lol , like THAT'S gonna happen . 
Get to see my family for the weekend at the cabin ! YAY ! :D 
Anyone check out Google yet today ? Cause it's awesome ! 
D&D just taught me a valuable lesson : Any time you do ANYTHING , there is a 1 in 20 < PROPMALE > you will critically fail . 
Dwarven gravitational theory states that enough ale will make anything fall down . 
I'm actually gonna watch a Vikings game . Voluntarily ! 
Guess how many Hershey bars would someone guess I won in bingo ? 
Ya know those conversations where you realize you have some really awesome friends ? Well I've had two of them in the past two days . Thanks guys :) 
Ugh , one class left , just ONE class left ! 
Death Note gets the official < PROPMALE > Jones Anime Seal of Approval :) 
:'( Why is Bemidji so boring during the weekends ? 
Other kids ' games are all such a bore ! \ 
They've gotta have rules and they gotta keep score ! \ 
Calvinball is better by far ! \ 
It's never the same ! It's always bizarre ! \ 
You don't need a team or a referee ! \ 
You know that it's great , ' cause it's named after me ! \ 
Greatest comic ever ! :) 
So , for some reason my phone hasn't ( and still isn't ) sending or receiving texts right now , so sorry if I unintentionally ignored someone . 
Great , NOW my friggen phone isn't making/accepting calls . FML 
Well , after hearing some guy talk about alcohol , I now want to watch The Lion < PROPMALE > 2 really bad . Why ? Because he used the opening song in a slide show . 
Ya know what I love ? Having one of my two classes for the day canceled so that I'm done at 11 :) 
So , I got invited to be in this special choir separate from school . This choir usually requires try-outs but my choir director says that my singing for him counts as my try-out . I listened to some of their music and some songs are cool , but some just bore me to death . It only practices one night a week and doesn't give me any schedule issues . Opinions ? What would you do in this situation ? 
Dear Whoever set off my buildings fire alarm , \ 
Screw you . If anyone finds out who you are , the entire hall is going to rip you to shreds . \ 
Sincerely , Birch Hall 
just got sprayed in the eyes by an air freshener . My eyes hurt now :( 
First Night of Bemidji Chorale . Let's see how this goes . * hopeful * 
Just got back from that choir I decided to do . That may the best musical decision I've made in my life . That's easily the best group I've ever sang with , it even blows honor choir away ! 
How many of us really know the everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about HOW YOU MET ME . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . 
Well , we just watched porn in politics . No joke , this was full on tear off the clothes and go porn . Good movie otherwise though . 
Prime rib for dinner ? Bemidji , I love you ! 
* sigh * I just had to :\ 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 
Oh wow , I REALLY wish I had been there . 
Ya know , I never realized just how terrible internet explorer was until I had something better . 
I think the movie makers are FINALLY starting to understand how to do 3D the right way . 
\I'm gonna _____ you\ " what do you think should go there . comment ! " 
Glee+The Simpsons = Happy < PROPMALE > : bravo : 
Question : Who likes Disney ? \ 
Answer : Everyone\ 
What's YOUR favorite Disney movie ? Mine's The Lion < PROPMALE > :D 
Today , I learned that I can get out of bed 8 minutes before class starts , and still JUST make it on time . 
So ... is it bad if a class meant for your < PROPMALE > is abysmally boring ? 
I <3 Glee :D 
How do my headphones get SO tangled up in my pocket ? Seriously , I couldn't do that good with my HANDS ! 
Fish fry in the dorm ? Hell yea ! 
LMAO , I'm taking this survey for how we would rate our school's orientation program , and one of the choices for sexual orientation is asexual ! 
Woah woah woah , it's time for a two-for-one status update ! 1 ) Good to see 7 year old me could beat current me at bowling2 ) I'm going HOME TOMORROW ! WOOT ! :D 
Choir , home , then Twins game . This day just gets better and better :D 
Greatest . Weekend . Ever ! I love my friends SO much , thanks for making this weekend rock ! :) 
:'( I still have another hour and a half of lecture ! 
Wow , that was officially the most touching episode of Glee I've seen . It made ME tear up . ME !! That does NOT happen ! 
It was just AWESOME to see the Twins start out with such a fail . 
I love those singing based game shows . You always have that one contestant that sings so badly they actually injure the soul . 
So ... Bemidji is already slow on the weekends , but then on the LONG weekends ? I would say about half of my hall is gone . Woopee . 
Just learned something SO bad . < PROPFEMALE > from Glee ? Yea , she was on Epic Movie first . 
* sigh * Stupid National I Lost the Game Day ... 
Wow , I was expecting WAY more \I lost the game\ " statuses today . I think this was a bust . " 
Ugh , stage light are SO hot ! 
Well , I FINALLY watched Glee , thus , I am happy . 
Zach < PROPMALE > reminded me of Let Everything That Hath Breath . Now I want to sing it so so SO bad !!! 
Inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between us . Set this as your status and see what you get ! 
So , in sociology we talked about how children become people as a result of human interaction . We then took that into language and why do we call things the what we do . Does this ring a < PROPFEMALE > to any of my last year lunch buddies ? 
A warning to anyone that uses Skype , don't touch the screen-sharing button . I did and it dang near wrecked my entire camera . 
Don'cha just LOVE those songs that make you tingle every time you hear them ? 
Why are all of the coolest songs on the piano WAY beyond my skill level ? 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? ......... You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything is possible when ... your Facebook status looks like this one ... i'm on a horse 
Oh Vikings .... 
* sigh * This rain is so depressing ... 
Thank you everyone on Facebook for letting me know that it's snowing . Because I apparently forgot how to look out a window ... 
It has been raining here for more than 24 hours straight :'( 
Seriously , I officially feel cheated having been in Monticello choir . I'm talking with everybody from my choir now , and I'm realizing just how jiped for music our school was . 
* sigh * I miss my friends so much right now ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple request . If you love God and you are not afraidto show it , repost this . 
I'm high on music right now :D 
has a LOT of Halloween < PROPFEMALE > left :D 
Tis a sad day . My voice has officially walked out on me because of the weekly abuse I put it through . 
Oh jeez , I have a concert in two hours ... 
Alright , concert's all done ! Who's going to Applebe ... oh wait , right ... :'( 
List of legal-t o-o wn-stuff-that-I-want : A laser blaster ( Yes , they exist ) , a tank , anti-tank weaponry , a flame thrower , tannerite , a book that teachs you how to build stuff like claymores and landmines , a mini-gun , and thermite . 
So , I got drunk dialed at 5 in the morning by two people that I THOUGHT were more mature than that . Grow up guys . 
Alright , it's FINALLY snowing in Bemidji ! 
Hate the Twilight series ? Read this :\ 
http://www.cracked.com/article_18682_if-eclipse-was-10-times-shorter-100-times-more-honest.html 
Freaken EPIC ! \ 
http://www.dorkly.com/video/5912/call-of-duty-epic-tomahawk-kill 
So , today I have learned that not only is Disney cruel , but it gives terrible life lessons . My childhood is dead now . 
Racquetball is probably the best thing ever . 
One more day ... 
Guess who get to skip class to sing ? THIS GUY ! 
So far , I have only seen two other people on my floor . And one of them is probably required to stay ... 
I'm home ! YES !!! :D 
Where will YOU be at 5am ? Cause I'M gonna be sleeping like the all the other not-insane people . 
Oh my gosh , I had the most AMAZING weekend ever ! Thanks to all my friends who make me not want to go back to school , I love you guys ! :D 
Aaaaaand midnight ! Thanks for all your birthday wishes everyone ^_^ 
Mrs. < PROPMALE > , it appears that terrorists have snuck a snuke up your sniz . 
Learned something annoying today . Apparently I didn't need to take sociology ( that class sucks by the way , do NOT take it ) , and I could have finished my generals this semester . FML 
Guess who is TOTALLY wear shorts to class ? 
Essays suck . A lot . 
Yay , Google Chrome is working again ! ^_^ 
Is learning the hard way that math skills , if not used , atrophy VERY quickly . 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible satan gets a headache ... When you open it , he collapses ... When he sees you reading it ... he faints ... When he sees thatyou are living what you read ... he flees ... And when you are about to re-post this message ... he will try and discourage you ... I just ............... defeated him !!! Copy and re-post if you can . AND ... it ......... is hard to copy and repost u'll see 
If\ 
you think im cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If i am your friend put a :) . If you want to go out with me poke me . If you missme put a :( . If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying you do . If not scared post this as your status 
* sigh * I thought this crap was over . I thought I could just go on living my life and leave the past IN the past . But no , you just can't let anything go , can you ? Life is annoying right now . But talking with amazing friends ( < PROPFEMALE > Holker and < PROPMALE > Harren ) always makes it better :) 
like this status if you'd care id i died . Put this as your status and see how many people acually CARE bout you 
Dear person who set the fire alarm off at 2:30 in the morning :\ 
You are the most evil , heartless bastard in the world . 
BYAH ! 
Well , today could end up being one of the most annoying days ever . I guess we'll see ... 
Oh gosh , first college final . Woopee ... 
:'( Make the drama stop !!! 
Red Green is coming to Bemidji on April 3rd !!! :D 
Ok i'm bored lol so message me a number , any number and ill tell you what I think of you via my status , lets see how fun this can get ! 
44- Despite all the crap I give you ( and there's kind of a lot ) , you're still one of my best friends and an awesome person :) 
612- I miss you . I haven't seen you NEARLY enough , and think we need to get together over Christmas break ;) 
9752- You are an amazing , kind person and I hope you never change . You are also easily one of the strongest people I've ever met . 
69- Your number choice does not surprise me . But I don't know , methinks there's an emotional side to you ;) 
3334- You're still an amazing person no matter what anyone else says , and you're always going to be special to me :) 
85- You are an insane little person , but I love ya man :) You're one of the best friends ever ! 
1945- I'm excited to see you over break too ! I miss your smiley personality a LOT . 
I have learned to only take classes that I need . Because I now find myself in the awkward position of literally not caring about this sociology final at all . 
2009- You're an awesome friend and a wonderful choir < PROPMALE > ^_^ Oh , and GAME . 
Seriously , this final at 3:30 is the stupidest thing ever . Why would they put a final there ? That's the most inconvenient time ever ! 
Finally done with finals ! :D 
Holy crap , I'm going HOME today :D 
Went and saw the old choir today . Well ... at least it was good getting to see my friends again :) 
Alright , it appears that I can't drink hot chocolate without thinking of physics . 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES . < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY . & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL !! 
I wish for two things this night : That the flames on my car would melt snow so that I didn't have to sweep it all off , and that my car handled better on bad roads . 
Seeing as I'll probably forget tomorrow , I'm going to wish all of you a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas right now :) 
I was jus made to listen to < PROPFIRST > Beiber for 30 seconds . My soul has been irreparably damaged . 
Back at school ... yay ? 
I gotta say , I love how the majority of my classes are a 45 second walk away from my room . 
:'( Why do 8 o'clock classes exist ? 
Out of curiosity and boredom , I decided to try chatroulette . All the rumors you've heard are true . 
How is it that my accounting books are bigger than my calc book was ? 
