Happy New Year everyone . 

is easily annoyed today . 
won tickets to the Improv . Is happy now . 
Is preparing for and looking forward to tomorrow . Can't wait to see what type of good stuff people will bring in for lunch ! 
wants to go home NOW ! 
is enjoying the rain at the drive up window . Wonderful ! 
is going to today's almost emptiness . 
Apparently needs more coffee !!! 
really enjoys seeing the neighbors pull the backyard patio sets out to their front yards . Also , the flag strung up across the middle of the street , Neat ! Gotta love my street on the Fourth ! Heck of a party !! 
wants to go to sleep . 
is busy , busy , busy , time for facebook , busy , busy , busy . 
feet hurt . 
could be better . and .. vacation bidding for sept-dec starts today . Any suggestions , let me know . 
If you want to take a long time to shop , why invite someone who doesn't like to take forever and a day ? Then , after that person shifts her schedule around to go , why make the statement , I don't want to be rushed ? 
... does anyone have some air freshener ? cuz .. umm .. I think someone will be making me use it repeatedly today . 
is surprised the most active place for patio drinking is brecksville . 
who wants to go drinking after work ? 
margaritas . margaritas . margaritas . 
must go back to lsw . heartfelt sigh . 
.. should go to bed since she must get up at 4am to drive the ' rents to the airport . 
COFFEE ! 
has started her vacation ! No work for two weeks . It's grand ! 
feels so much better now that the rain is here . 
My birthday's coming up . What are you going to get me ? 
Went to the metroparks today . Got an over-heated dog . Thank goodness for air conditioning !! 
Thank you all for the Birthday well-wishes . Yesterday was a great celebration with friends , and today .. will be okay with family . Again , thank you all . 
who wants to go to the browns pre-season game against tennessee titans on 8/29 with me ? I have one ticket ... the highest bidder wins . 
my hearing will be messed up permanently by the end of the day . Therefore , if I yell at you today , don't take it wrong . I'm just deaf . 
has learned anew that vegetarian sushi , aka fake sushi , is not good . 
I can't work today . I have the dumb . 
is going to be sick from the fumes . Where are the SARS masks ?? 
wants to sleep . 
Goin ' to the Indians tonight . Nice . 
wants to relax at home in her room after working all day , but the neighbor's blaring < PROPFIRST > cash way too loudly . annoying . 
loves the place she gets chinese from , but , seriously , just the sauce from a meal ? why would anyone order just the sauce ?? 
... I understand there are names like lemonjello , orangejello , and makebra .. but Fikresilassie T . Woldeyes wins , I think . And what does the T stand for ? I really want to know now . 
Today must be terrible name day . First was Woldeyes , and now .. Lesbia . Why would you name your girl child Lesbia ? For shame parents , for . shame . 
Why are my facebook notifications apprearing in Spanish ? Just weird . 
< PROPMALE > Gaiman is coming to CPL on Sunday . Be excited . 
is upset because the person that relieved her for morning break sent back the items she had set aside for herself . ... damnit ! 
feels icky . 
so , who's going to buy the new bacon bark from malleys on this upcoming sweetest day ? not I . 
Happy Sweetest Day ! I will accept any chocolate covered strawberry's that come my way . 
wants to know what is up with the dancing in the garden . 
... Why is it so cold in LSW ? 
Got free starbucks ground coffee . oh happy day ! 
can I be annoyed when someone goes on break at 11:05 , pokes around at her station for 10 minutes and continuously sends patrons my way when she's at her station without the bright orange sign up , then leaves 10 minutes after she supposedly goes on break ? 
... Can we play like Office Space and take the < PROPFIRST > signup station to an empty field where we then attack it serendipitously with baseball bats ? 
So ... we have mystery donuts in the department . Who wants to claim credit for being inordinately kind to Lending Dept ? 
wants to go home now . 
can scaring pages first thing in the be a sport ? If so , I think I'm in the lead . 
shopping done . it was fun . now i sleep . so happy 
is awesome ! 
It's gonna be a long , long day . 
thinks we should get a group of people together and go to the new panini's at kamm's sometime . 
is glad the crowd of internet addicts dissipated . things were nearing to hostilities . 
I kind of want to go out either tonight or tomorrow night . Who wants to go to The Happy Dog ?? 
. . . is there supposed to be a full < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
I give up . Finding stuff to do on the Internet is making me more bored . Therefore , I shall read \Before They Are Hanged\ " by < PROPFIRST > Abercrombie . " 
what type of liquor should i buy after work ? 
... why didn't the city of < PROPMALE > salt the roads ?? Why ? 
' s over in main , working . No one's here . No patron's either . Creeeeepy . 
No one is here , so I think I'll go through my Netflix queue , unless someone has a better suggestion ? 
Why do I have to explain that the computer with the \Out of Order\ " sign is OUT . OF . ORDER ?? " 
Happy new year !!! 
anyone wanna buy me a bottle of water ? 
yeah . fun . molly-less for another night . 
sleepy . 
What's with the walking life buoy ?? 
What a great month ! Go back to school earlier than I had planned , so lots of money spent for that . Then , dog gets sick real bad which equals a lot more money spent . And now my laptop gets a bad virus right before classes start , I decide -might as well upgrade to win 7- and buy the wrong ram . will return tomorrow , but it's a grand month ! make that a couple grand . 
Which is better , Opera or Mozilla Firefox ? 
Generic Nyquil-D is awesome ! 
I really can't wait for this cold of mine to be over . The lack of voice and muffled hearing is driving me crazy . 
Still no voice . Can't help my patrons . Can't work . Damn cold ! 
I like urban dictionary , but def . #2 , though simple , is my fav . < PROPFEMALE > : #1 A sweet girl-next-door type . A girl who would be your best friend . And if you're lucky she'll fall in love with you too . Think of < PROPFEMALE > Reynolds in the \ < PROPFEMALE > and the Bachelor\ " movies . #2 ( 1 . Name for a girl ; 2 . Cute Gorgeous Looking type of girl She's A < PROPFEMALE > My friend < PROPFEMALE > is HOT . ) I'm HOT . Woohoo ! " 
Does not like the new Facebook Interface . 
Yeah . Finally done with last weeks schoolwork ! Now on to this week . Bleh ! And ... Mucinex is a good drug . It gave me my damned cold back . 
So sleepy I can't even focus enough to play stupid Internet games . 
Has a 1:30 lunch today in case anyone wants to know ! 
( after i backspaced what i wanted to type ) is it really so hard to take your break within the designated time period ??? 
Finally checked out that Pasta book from the drive up window . When I go on vacation this weekend , I am going to make something yummy ! 
Fear change . 
Jealous of the < PROPMALE > Museum of Natural History . They're closing early because of the weather . 
are army fatigues back in fashion or what ? cuz waaay too many of our patrons have been wearing them lately . They really need to start watching the fashion network . 
Just finished watching Bride and Prejudice . Now to buy a scarf to match my dress . 
So sleeeepy . 
... wow .. three meter-maids just got of one car on rockwell . They are now swiftly ticketing cars . I've never seen them so organized . 
What should I have for lunch today ? 
So ... why is it some people can work by themselves just fine , but others must get pampered and cannot be alone ? 
I think I'm going to go to a book talk and signing in Lyndhurst tomorrow . Anyone wanna join me ? 
.... Facebook is asking me if I would like to use Facebook in English . You mean it's not in English now ?? 
I totally don't feel like working today . 
I think I'm going to the Malley's store tonight . mmmm .... chocolate . 
Why can't men have a steady hand when they go to the bathroom ? Even worse , why can't they clean the dribbles off ?? So disgusting !! Especially when it's at work ! 
How would you like to have the name Duangkamon Klungthong ?? 
feels really icky . 
Yay ! I'm at the window ! Now I should be able to get some work done . 
< PROPFEMALE > just gave me a heart attack ! 
is ready for her vacation !! 
Just shared a great belly laugh with my mom . That was a great de-stresser !!!! 
So much loafing today . Watched a bit of < PROPFEMALE > Alley's Big Life -- don't know if I should be amused or annoyed , but , god , her trainer is HOOOOT !! 
Who knew SAMs club didn't open until 10 ? And here I thought I was getting a headstart on shopping . Pfft . 
Oooh . What will tonights gossip bring ? 
Gorgeous out ! So glad I get to play in such beautiful weather ! 
What does everyone think of < PROPFIRST > j blige's version of ' stairway to heaven' ? 
Can I go sleep now ? 
Grr . < PROPFEMALE > came back with the money way too soon . 
woohoo ! If it's any good , I may be able to buy a 21-piece cookware set for nothing ! 
Wow . So many people online today . 
Can't wait to go home and play a bloody videogame ! 
Goodness . I'm bored . 
so ... next time i'm scheduled for 11:30 lunch , can i go at 12:30 instead ? ... because ya know .. apparently scheduled times don't matter anymore . 
Passed my classes for this semester . Now I'm free until fall . Woohoo ! 
A must read literary website thing : http://literarydetective.blogspot.com/ 
At work picnic . Lotsa people I don't know or don't really talk to . 
bored bored bored bored bored bored .... bored 
Thirsty . 
What a gorgeous day to be off !! 
Penn Station Teriyaki Chicken + fresh-squeezed lemonade for lunch . Now ... If only I didn't have to work ! 
Was just called \Sunshine\ " by a patron that was not being sarcastic . I'm in shock . " 
Had fun at sister's rib cook off !! Would've stayed longer but too tired , plus had a mile long walk to car thanks to no parking on street . 
Oh yeah . I'm still tipsy too ! 
... why did I think re-arranging my room was a good thing ? And for a 10x10 room , I have way too much furniture . So tired ! 
Such a lazy day . 
wow ... so people really do leave the house wearing two totally different types of shoes . I thought that was just on tv ! 
Damn power went out . Now I have no breeze in my room . Grrrr 
Yeah ! ........ work .................. 
so .... who's ready for the new day ? 
So happy dad put my air conditioner in ! I can really feel the difference . 
TrueBlood season 3 premiere tonight . 
why do i always bump into things ? 
Crazy lady cussing and swearing at the < PROPFIRST > station ... she's freakin ' me out . 
oooh . Understaffed . Let the madness ensue ! 
Margaritas with the family . Happy Happy . 
Watching Boondock Saints II . Nice day off . 
Does anyone have any tylenol , advil or something of the like ? I have a killer headache . 
has decided she does not like teenagers . 
Well ... one leg of my bed broke off . It is now a three-legged bed . How am I supposed to sleep now ? 
I wanna go outside and play !! 
Bummed now that I know True Blood ep . 4 won't appear on July 4th , but one July 11 . Grrrrr . 
Happy fourth ! I will happily attend a fireworks show and cookout , and , the best part , I don't have to leave my house ! 
What is with all the PTR position postings ? Can't they just hire full-time ? If they were full-time positions , I'd apply ... 
Summer's so nice . 
Hmm . I think after work today , I shall stop at the mall and search for < PROPFEMALE > . 14 k gold hoops . Preferably white gold , but whatever I can find cute and decently priced is good too . 
Discomfort . Yes . 
should do something . 
Yeah ! I get to work outside my department for a little bit today ! Experience !! 
Geh . Can't believe an hour estimate for an oil change when I even made an appointment !! 
Random question of the day : What does everyone think of tattoos ? And do you have one ? 
if .. I say I'm sick of something , why do you persist in tormenting me with chatter about it ?? 
Wii has the action-motion sensor in the remote ; X-Box will have Kinect , the motion sensor bar ( who needs controllers ? ) . Which do you think will be better ? 
Goin ' Mexican tonight . Oh yeah . 
What a beautiful day for appointments ! 
Why , when there is a turning < PROPFIRST > , do drivers turn left using the normal traffic < PROPFIRST > ? 
Trivia @ BW3 tonight ! Yeah ! Alcohol for me ! ... and , of course , good company too , but definitely alcohol ! 
Let's see ... gonna do some grocery shopping after work , then make some chili dogs at home ! 
Sleepy . 
The Adventures of the < PROPFEMALE > and Mr. Whiffle , by < PROPFIRST > Rothfuss , has the best fairytale ending ever !!! 
Rawr . 
Where in < PROPMALE > can you get the best strip steak ? 
To see < PROPFIRST > . Pilgrim or not to see < PROPFIRST > pilgrim . Who dares an answer ? 
Ugh . Pain . 
So fitting that , on my birthday , the weather should be perfect ! 
GRR . PSN charged me near to $200 in purchases I didn't make !! 
Sleepy . Work should end for day . 
Yesterday was the first time I ever changed a flat time . Though I had assistance from my mom , I'm somewhat proud of myself . 
I don't feel so good . 
Goin to da bears game on sat 
Busy and facing hostile enemies . 
So , I've been walking around for about a month thinking I had a toothache when , in reality , I have an ear infection . Smart . 
Why do expensive textbooks grow legs , walk away , and refuse to be found ? Why ? 
Who wants to join my gym and be my gym < PROPMALE > ? 
Hmm ... Wanted to listen to some < PROPFEMALE > surf today . Pleasantly surpised they were played on the radio . 
My ear still hurts . 
At home with My brother , who confessed to being a good girl . 
Just had to manually enter \The Big Book of Porn\ " into the library system so someone could check it out ... I feel so .. so .. so .. dirty now . " 
Got a new drs appt today . Bet he'll say I'm imagining things . Bleh . 
So , doctor said the infection is gone .. but , um , my ear still hurts .... bad . 
Why is it , when I'm in the other building , everyone thinks I'm a lazy bum that called off work ? Grrrr 
Had a nice day with mom . When the boys ( Dad + < PROPMALE > ) went to the game , we had a late lunch and did some shopping ( for groceries , but still fun ) . 
Sleep . Need . 
Spooooooooooon ! -- The Tick 
Got the perfect Christmas gag gift for my nephew -- mighty beanz . 
mmm ... hot tea and toast . nummy . 
Going with mom to see \you again \"." 
Damn power . How am I supposed to iron & make coffee now ? 
Sleepy . Need rest . 
Dear Facebook , today a patron called me a b * . Also , during lunch another patron came up to me and complimented me a lot on how nice , friendly , and helpful I am . I'm used to the insult , the compliment made my day . 
I like it on the livingroom couch . 
\I am She-Ra ! \"" 
Ugh . Work . 
I understand the need for change , and I agree with change , but , would a little more time to adjust to the changes already implemented really be that harmful to those future plans ? 
Damn that new windows update . Why does it keep failing ? 
Can I be lazy and just stay home today ? 
Ugh . So nice out , but I feel soooo lazy . Need to do something , but I dunt wanna . 
Just made some < PROPFEMALE > , garlic & proscuito stuffed chicken breast . Got mad compliments from dad . Go me ! 
So , even though I am working and I am seen working , I'm apparently not . Interesting . 
hmm . I have a coupon for buy 1 bowl of soup , get 1 bowl free at zoup . Who should I use it with in the near future ? 
Mom . It's all your fault . You shouldn't have double-dipped ! 
Ooooh . No lights !! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... make some more meatballs , especially for me . 
Ugh . Feel so bad . Damn sinuses . 
What's everyone dressing up as for Halloween this year ? 
Happy Halloween ! 
Yay ! Testing ! 
Coffee with < PROPFEMALE > . Mmmm . Erie i 
I want Penn Station $2.99 8-in cheesesteak ! Why is not downtown ? 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related tosomeone)who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppableand , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of peoplewon't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by ...... dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fireextinguishers , the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this =] 
I hate subject headings . 
has anyone seen the ads for upside-down christmas trees ? 
How ... can I have a hangover from just one Hoegaarden Witbier ? 
Almost bid on a house I really , really love , but didn't . The stairways were way too damn narrow to get furniture up to the second level or down to the basement . Grr . It would have been perfect if not for the stairwells . 
Ugh . 
Why is it , when I'm doing work at home , < PROPFEMALE > has decided to continuously pester me for attention , but any other time she ignores me ? 
Well ... should I buy a house with narrow stairwells ? Any thoughts ? ( < PROPFEMALE > , this does not include you . You may not reply to this . ) 
Isn't it nice to have a day completely to yourself ? No work , no school , no family present , no miscellaneous tasks to do ... So relaxing ! 
What is this Q & A status update I keep seeing from people ? 
Who wants to get me a bottle of water ? Hmm ? Hmm ? I'll even pay for it . 
\Once upon a time there was a\ 
mmm ... Witbeir 
Attention ! I am temporarily out of service . Please contact your local repair man for assistance . Or contact us at www.ohcrap.com . Thank you for understanding . 
Damn Toyota !! Charged me twice for the same transaction ! GRRR ! 
I've two tickets for this Sunday @ 1pm , Browns vs . Panthers . $40.00 /per ticket . If anyone is interested , let me know . 
Who's ready for Black Friday ? 
Watching Walking Dead while I wait for walmart.com to possibly go live with their black friday ads . They really need to get their act together for this day . Seriously . Target is sooooo much better . 
Made some Walmart BF purchases ...... Finally . Sweet deal . Hand mixers and choppers under $3/each . Thank goodness I didn't actually have to fight the madness for those . 
Stay clear of < PROPFEMALE>'s . Those shoppers are crazy . 
And Toyota service strikes again . They're really f***ing my holiday . 
Toyota is really starting to piss me off now . 
\Let's get dangerous ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > Potter . 
Nice to be off . 
Why do drugs that say they're non-drowsy make me sleepier than the normal variety ? 
I don't care what people say about the facebook cartoon fiasco . Darkwing Duck is freakin ' awesome !! 
Brownies . Brownies . Brownies . 
Lovely snow . Can't even see the lake from the 9th floor . 
Once past west 25th , it's amazing how clear the roadways get compared to downtown . Still , I feel sorry for my downtown crew facing traffic tonight . 
Power is out . 
hungry . 
I want a pie bird . 
Made tacos for dinner . I rock , I know . 
so .. umm .. 10:30 .. who's with me ? 
... some guy actually has the name Gayland Fancher . 
So umm why did everyone know about the ddelay before me ? At least phone service let the call about closing through 
Smells so good in the workroom . 
nomnomnomnomnom ..... zzzzzzz 
Gee . The tree falls and my mom goes cuckoo . 
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Should I apply for the LA ( youth ) in youth services ? 
Doing the laundry . Oh joy . ... why does my ipod have music I don't like on it ?? 
New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ... aren't people supposed to be off today ?? 
Resolution : I will be more responsible . 
El jalapeños for new years < PROPFEMALE > dinner . Let the margaritas be < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ergh . First day back to work in 2 weeks . Hope all goes well . 
hmm ... guess i'll do some more work for a bit . at least i can listen to pandora . 
My mother is eating cheddar cheese & sour cream chips with cool whip . Ewwwwwwww ! 
I feel so bad because I was questioning what exactly needs to be cleaned and how . 
Hope I'm not sick . If I am , I blame < PROPFIRST > ! 
Alright , who's willing to admit they're going to go the New Kids on the Block and Back Street Boys concert ? hmm hmm . I promise I won't mock you ... much . 
... should I make my tiramisu cake tomorrow ? 
I don't want to work today . 
First ttime I've been stuck in traffic on west blvd . 
Love how my normal 20 minute commute turned into an hour plus commute . Right . 
What's the point of codes for a free movie from redbox ( given by redbox ) when they can never process the code ? 
Won at bw3's tonight . My teammates are awesome ! 
So ... why is it the majority of the first floor has lights , but the area that needs lights to work ( drive up window ) doesn't have any ? 
Hello . My name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
I hate ice snow storms . But , hey , at least downtown parking was relatively easy this morning ! 
.... why does everything have to be so damned difficult ? 
so ... what's everyone think of the NASCAR Harlequins ?? 
blegh . the weather is making me sick . 
Thank God for Tylenol ! Now , let's do some work . 
Yay !! It's over ! 
hmm ... my class assignment due date got changed to next week ... more time to work on the house now . oh joy . now if only i didn't have to get up at 5:30 am to go to work ... 
... TurboTax has an app for the iPhone ... Seriously , why would anyone want their tax information on their phone and being sent via cellular phone wifi ? 
So need a break from drive-up-window morning shift . I keep catching myself talk to myself . Not good . 
Thinking I might stop by Malley's tonight ... Probably the one in Lakewood ... mmm ... chocolate . 
Make the baby shut up . Or better yet , vacate the area . 
