not sure I'm going to be able to move easily for the next few day , but my apartment is officially safe for company again . 

One more week & I'm on vacation !!!!!! 
Does everyone become more untrainable as they get older , or is it just the ones who were more opinonated & less open minded to begin with ? 
I have 3 more job applications in and only about 24 more hours until my vacation starts .... life is better then it was before lunch ! 
12 more hours & I will be home on vacation ! Only downside ... no internet for 9 days . 
Vacation , vacation ..... I am officially on vacation !!!!!!!!!!!! Can you tell I'm happy ? 
Back from vacation and getting ready to go back to work tomorrow ... in a word , yuck ( which is the most polite 4 letter word I can think of to use ) . 
Doin ' laundry & making lasagna ... 
My little pudgeball has lost 1.2 lbs !!!!!! 
What a crappy day - perfect for starting my new puzzle . 
Does tomorrow HAVE to be Monday ??? 
Looks like I'm going to have company this weekend ... guess I better start cleaning tomorrow ... 
Who was the idiot that went out to her car after work & opened up the sunroof after a rainstorm ? Yeah - that was me . 
Another job application on its way .... keeping my fingers crossed ! 
I'm getting paid to NOT be at work tomorrow .... you gotta love field trips ! 
Is it ever going to get to 2:30 ? I'd much rather be on the road then be at work ! 
Got my computer fixed !... now if I can just get the alarm clock to work .... 
can't believe that I actually thought the hotel drama was done 
I would rather still be home & in bed 
just spent an hour doing battle with the weeds in my flower garden . It was a brutal battle , but the retreat has begun . 
I came home from work today with wallpaper glue in my hair .... I'm really not sure how these things happen to me . 
Project Runway premier tonight !!!!! 
Got my new cell phone !! 
still in sleep recovery mode .... hard to believe but my little brother is now married and on his honeymoon in Italy !!!! 
just got back from a very good walk ! 
getting lots of new stuff in the mail today ! :) 
Busy , busy , busy .... cooked 3 dishes at once and just now sitting down to supper . I even managed to burn a finger on some < PROPFEMALE > oil .... and yes Cat , I do realize my posts are boring . < PROPFEMALE > me ( I also realize that I'm going to get my butt kicked on the next walk for this ) :) 
One more job application in .... guess we'll see what happens ( with both fingers crossed ! ) 
really hoping the rain will hold off until after my walk with Cat . 
Having a Halloween decorationg party at work this afternoon :) 
If anyone's granting wishes .... I would like a house , with garage please . Also , I think using the phrase ' frozen mix ' in October should be considered blasphemy & punishable by death . Thank You :) 
Just got back from a great walk through the West Woods with Cat . We even went off the trail for a little bit to check out some awesome rock formations . I'll be posting the photos in a little bit . 
bummed because I missed applying for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > job posting . I just found it yesterday ...... 
Back from a last minute road trip & trying to unpack , watch a few shows from last week and do Facebook at the same time . We'll see how this works :) 
Ok , another job application in , guess we'll see how it goes .... 
I REALLY need a new job .... anyone know where I can get one ? 
Gettin ' ready to make some cookies 
Getting ready to head home for a long weekend ... internet I will miss you .... Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
not looking forward to going to work tomorrow .... 
got my Winter < PROPFEMALE > Apple from Bath & Body this afternoon .... my day is looking up . Also glitter eyeliner , not sure what I was thinking with that one .... 
working on christmas cards .... 
soooo .... apparently I didn't get my front door closed all the way when I go home from work , since a huge gust of wind had it flying back in at me .... and we're supposed to have around a foot of snow before saturday ( those of us lucky enough to live in the snowbelt anyway ) . Welcome to winter everyone ! 
Vacation in exactly 1 week !!!!!!!!! 
am going to be spending a LOT of time the next few days on self-reflection ...... 
battling the checkbook .... almost had it balanced on the first try ... 
4 more hours of work and then vacation !!!!! 
getting ready to hit the road ..... 
Here's to hoping for another snow day tomorrow !!! 
freezing rain and 27 inches of snow ... what a combination ... I hate chiseling my way into my car ... 
white 
Feeling pretty good ... managed to snag a new piece of Fostoria glass and a bunch of new books at the antique mall this weekend , AND came back with a batch of chocolate chip cookies that I didn't have to make . 
Just spent an hour and a half working my butt off at the gym .... yea for me !!!! 
I hate self evaluations 
totally bummed .... really really need cookies ( well , my crappy mood does anyway ) but don't have all the fixins and I am not going back out . 
Supernatural Season 1 arrived yesterday .... I do believe a marathon is on the agenda for this weekend :) 
getting ready to set up my first ipod ! 
finally went for it and added internet on my phone ! 
Goonies on AMC .... 25 years , seriously ? 
This afternoon's work adventure .... hearing what you thought was a table being dragged in next room and finding it's really a gushing water drain in the furnace closet .... 
I hate it when I have to make the cats fast . It's bad enough when I have to do it , but they don't understand why their food and water is suddenly gone . I also know I'm in for a long night of being poked and yelled at . 
5 1/2 hours until vacation !!!!! 
45 minutes and I am on the road !!! 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone .... they were very much appreciated ! 
I washed and waxed my car and got my kohls fix today ..... I can officially go home tomorrow . 
getting ready to spend my afternoon trying to teach someone something that they have no aptitude for and should not have time for anyway .... I love my job ( not ) . 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been \ 
affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a\ 
smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known\ 
cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a \ 
smack ...... upside ... the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't \ 
copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? :) 
I know it's only Monday , but I'm pretty sure I'm going to need another < PROPFEMALE > night at mexico again this week ... anyone in Chardon who's up for that let me know ... 
Laundry is almost done , been to the gym , and supper is in the oven ... now if I could just get more of the cleaning portion of my to do list done ... 
There is no one in the world that can embarrass you more fully than your mother . 
so my cat decided that standing on my side and sticking his nose in my ear was the way to wake me up for his breakfast this morning .... at 3:27 am . It worked . 
Breakfast for supper :) 
buying books on ebay :) 
a little bit more poor , a whole lot more comfortable after 2 hours of shopping 
Poll : would you move over 700 < PROPMALE > for a job you knew going in would only last 3 years ? Decisions , decisions ...... 
Chicken tettrazini is in the oven ... new recipe , so I'm keeping my fingers crossed ... 
Can someone please explain to me why the headphones on my ipod work fine at home , but turn uncooperative when I'm at the gym ? It's getting extremely frustrating .... :( 
Ghosthunting at work today ... sometimes I really do enjoy my job :) 
Too much to do and not enough time to do it in before I hit the road tomorrow .... 
back to the vet for one soon to be unhappy kitty .... she has a broken blood vessel on her ear that needs to be drained . 
getting ready to pack again .... after trying to balance my checkbook ( second attempt this week ) ... 
a day of antiquing planned for tomorrow ( well , later today I suppose ) at < PROPFIRST>'s antique mall . I'll definitely get my walking in for the day . 
found a new refinishing project ! 
The weather's finally cool enough to light some candles around the apartment :) 
broke out the Halloween decorations at home tonight .... will be putting the work ones up tomorrow :) 
getting ready to hit the gym when I'd rather be hitting the couch for a nap :) ... at least I'm starting to see the payoff * fingers crossed for trying on smaller jeans this weekend !!! * 
... and another busy weeks begins ... 
started off my week by scaring the boss out of my office ... 
on the dining room chair 
really don't want what I brought for lunch 
Getting ready to cook up some pasta ... Italian < PROPMALE > n Cheese . If you've never tried it , you need to ... find it on the foodnetwork.com recipe search . 
I absolutely hate it when I get so mad that I start crying .... especially at work . On the plus side , I just put in one hell of a workout at the gym . Now to settle down and start on the job searching again .... 
Useless is at it again .... 
thinks it's a good night for making chowder ... 
Gretchen ... seriously ?!?!?!? Something is seriously wrong with Runway these days ... 
so the boss says today that she hase diagnosed herself as ' mildly ' ADD ...... that doesn't even begin to cover it .... 
Supernatural and Sanctuary .... I love my scifi fridays .... 
time to seal up the windows again for the winter .... at least it doesn't seem to be very < PROPFEMALE > today .... 
Halloween decorations coming down :( 
filling out my vacation paperwork :) 
my eyes feel permanently crossed .... formatting spreadsheets all morning sucks ... 
Thanks to a friend I just might be able to get everything on my to-do list done tonight ! Thank You < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
All packed and ready to hit the road tomorrow ! 12 o'clock cannot come soon enough ... 
waiting at at the tire shop ....... 
had a great time with family and friends today ..... lots of fun with the kids and new little one ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for letting me steal Maddy away for a while :)) 
* sigh * .... back in Chardon .... now for the unpacking & laundry portion of tonight's program .... 
time to go take a cat to the vet ..... 
Ordering AAA maps and guide books .... almost time for a road trip !!! 
homemade calzones in the oven .... 
Halloween boxes going up to the attic , Christmas boxes coming down :) 
cookie batter chilling in the fridge , soup is up next .... 
I get to start packing tomorrow :) 
busy , busy , busy ..... 
so while we're shopping tonight my mother leaves me to use the fitting room . her first comment when she finds me again is ' are you buying more pajamas ? ' ..... you'd think she'd never been shopping with me before .... :) 
road trip has begun ...... 
ok , totally weird rest stop experience ...... coming out to find a guy in the wrong bathroom and using my first all in one automaric hand washer/dryer ..... a Missouri thing ?!?!? 
Legos !!!!! :) 
on the road again ..... 
back in Fostoria :) 
surprised there weren't any signs of mutiny when I got home .... I'm pretty sure I forgot to feed the cats this morning .... 
grateful it didn't take the 30 minutes I was expecting to shovel out my car .... 
12 inches and counting ..... 
I get to go home a whole hour early because of the weather ..... I suppose I should be grateful for even that ..... 
Thinking about writing out my Christmas cards tonight ..... 
finally finishing my Christmas cards .... 
so ready for vacation .... 3 days to go ...... 
new fishies !!!! 
One hour to go and I am on the road !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
definitely NOT the way I was expecting to spend New Years ...... 
just spent the better part of 2 hours unburying my car .... 
my first attempt at rigatoni is in the crock pot .... 
Time to go home .... 3 days all to myself !!! 
ok ..... I now know more about the plumbing for my bathroom sink than I really wanted to , but what was lost is now found :) 
Ok .... cleaning is done , laundry is getting there .... time to go hit the gym and then home for some couch time ! 
making burritos with dad .... 
off to check out a new antique mall in Wapakaneta .... 
I don't think there's going to be a road trip in my plans today ...... 
I actually got notice from a doctor's office of a credit to my account instead of a bill .... how awesome is that ? :) :) :) 
I do believe it's going to be a comfort food night ..... I just need to figure out which one ..... 
It's gonna be a long night ...... 
would much rather be home right now ..... 
fingers crossed for 12:30 on Monday !!! 
late supper of buffalo chicken dip ..... 
getting ready for tomorrow ..... 
Women are born angels . And when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly .. on a broomstick . Be warned . We are flexible like that . Keep posting this girls ! 
Ok , interview 1 over ..... keeping fingers crossed I get called for interview 2 ..... 
getting ready to head out and meet the little brother at < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE>'s for supper ! 
so ready for a nap now ..... 
If you love me , ( comment on this status )\ 
If you think I'm a good friend , ( like this status )\ 
If you hate me , ( message me & tell me why )\ 
If you ever had a crush on me , be honest , ( poke me )\ 
If your not scared , ( make this your status ) 
Of all the days to not bring a lunch to work , I pick the one there's a blizzard going on outside ..... 
Potato soup :) ...... 
DEADLY TERMS USED BY WOMEN : 1 . FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up ; 2 . NOTHING : This means SOMETHING and you should be wary ; 3 . GO AHEAD : This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT ! 4 . WHATEVER : A woman's way of saying F*YOU ! 5 . THAT'S OK : She's thinking long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! Repost - SAVE a life 
* sigh * ..... I did it again ..... 
Chicago bound !! 
Heading home after a GREAT day !!!! 
on the road again .... 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you on line everyday ... miss you when you're not there ... send condolences if you've lost someone ... send you wishes on your Birthday ... enjoy the photos & videos you post ... put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying ....... Re-post if you love your Facebook friends . I Love Mine !!! 
Atlantis marathon coming up ... : ) 
gonna be a long day ..... 
Home at last ! 
Long day #2 commencing ..... 
If it were just a little warmer it would be perfect for a campfire tonight .... clear skies & the stars are awesome ..... 
Strawberry 
