\It does not require many words to speak the truth\ " Cheif < PROPFIRST > Nez Perce . " 

All my years I have tried to fit in . Tried to be like other people . But I \am\ " different . I yet have to make a \ " genuine\ " friend ... yet to find one single person whom I feel I can tell about the peculiar emptiness that yawns inside of me like a vast chasm t " 
Have a new grandaughter today ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 7lbs . 2ounces . Born 8:05 am . Wont know length till later . Stepdaughter and baby are doing fine . :-) . 
Respect All and Honor All . Respect everyone's beliefs and philosophies , for no one has the market on the \True Way\ " but some may try to claim it . Blessed Be . " 
A TRUE FRIEND IS SOMEONE WHO STANDS BESIDE YOU , LISTENS , WITHOUT QUESTION , AND KNOWS WHEN YOU NEED THEM , WITHOUT YOU EVER SAYING A WORD . AND ACCEPTS YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE . This THIS I TRUELY BELIVE . TRUE FRIENDS ARE VERY RARE . 
Another day of being fish in apickle dish . tsk . tsk . 
So let me live my life the way I want to . It's alright its part of life . If all the hippies cut off all their hair . I don't care . I'm the one whose got to die when it's time for me die , so let me live my life the way I want to . ~ JIMI HENDRIX ( First member of the Native American Music Hall of Fame ) 
We suffer because this planet is under many laws , such as thelaw of confusion or the law of struggle . However , if we put ourselvesunder more laws , ones that are self-imposed andpurposeful , then a certain freedom can be found . We can escapefrom those arbitrary laws which mean to keep us enslaved . By Liber A :O 
I am an individual whom seeks Gnosis , Freedom , Equality and I believe in Evolution and I have read enough to know that Religion was based on rules to live by left to us by The Ancient Astronauts , Annunaki , Annusazi , Extra Terrestrials , whatever you wish to call them and those rules , 
Live Like theres No Tomorrow , Today ! As we grow up , we learn that even the one person that wasn't supposed to ever let you down probably will . You will have your heart broken probably more than once and it's harder every time . You'll break hearts too , so remember how it felt when yours was broken . You'll fight with your best friend ... By : Chantal Gebhardt 
\I know somehow the world will change for me .... live life ... breath air ... I know somehow I'm gonna get there .... \ " ---- I < PROPFEMALE > " 
Why should I be persecuted for my beliefes ? I made mistakes in the past . I am learning in the Present and hopefully will have a descent future . Someone is claiming what \God\ " gave to me to nurture becuase they seen $$$$$ and figured out how to take it when I trusted . I dilike hypocritical people very much . Claim one thing and do the other . ---- Peace Blessings andf illumination . " 
Adaptability is defined as the capacity to change oneself to new circumstances easily and to accept new conditions well . Stupid people are not adaptable and the Wise ones are -- they can always avert disaster by changing their circumstances or adapting to changing circumstances . Thus do the Wise survive in the face of repeated adversity . --- Aurthor Unknown 
STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO STAND ALONE . 
\If you don't have solid beliefs 
AAAAGGGGGHHHHHH !!!!!! LIFE !! SOCIETY !! CERTAIN FAMILY MEMBERS !! Life would'nt be so bad without all the stupidity and greed of those who want to bring others down to feel better about themselves . Peace , Blessings and Illuminations my friends . 
Remember those who are no longer with us . You are surely missed . Pray for those who fight to keep < PROPFEMALE > safe . Amen --- Ollie < PROPMALE > 
All religion seems to need to prove that it's the only truth . And that's where it turns demonic . Because that's when you get religious wars and persecutions and burning heretics at the stake . ---- Astaroth Ars Goetia 
Going to go meditate . Peace , Blessings and Illuminations all . Ave Lilith ! 
Did a prayer ritual for truth . Truth is knocking down down my door . 
\I want to break free\ " .... \ " I just want to be free ... \ " \ " I just want to be me \"........\" I have lost myself in the descisions I've made ...... it feels I have dug my own grave ........ \ " \ " I just want to break free .... I just want to be me .... \"" 
Just chillin ' checking mail and facebook . 
It seems when I type letters in they get scrambled sometimes . I wonder why that is ? Weird . 
Every being is created for a purpose , and the light of that purpose is already kindled in the soul . ---- Sa ' Adi 
Whatever you can do or dream < PROPFEMALE > can , Begin it . Boldness has genius , power and magick in it . Begin it NOW . ---- Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
The secret of life is the < PROPFEMALE > to attain something ; the absence of this makes life useless . Hope is the sustenance of life ; hope comes from the < PROPFEMALE > of attaining something . Therefore this < PROPFEMALE > is in itself a very great power . The object which a person wishes to attain may be small compared with the power he develops in the process of attainment . --- Hazrat Inayat Khan 
I have come to terms within myself that there are nothing out there save that which we project so to me the deities we revere are those that we project to have better understanding of ourselves . We connect with that which we project and when we come across a deity ...... 
When we wrestle with our consciousness about things we are doing just that . We are not tempted by an outside source , only that which is before us . We need to start taking resposnibilty for our own actions and quite placing it on an outward source word made character by a religous teaching . That is one reason it is stated \Give the responsibility to the responsible\ " . --- " 
We all follow our own paths even when we connect with a path temporarily . We connect temporarily to learn and evolve and until we do just that , we keep with that connection . I have connected with quite a few different paths and have learned and have evolved but I am still learning and evolving . So for me I do not choose one particular religous path ........... 
Wondering if my Son sees my postings ???? Love you unconditionally regardless of any given situation . 
The Bible is NOT God's word --- it is man's interpretation of God's word ! --- Justin < PROPFIRST > Sharp 
Though my soul is set in darkness ... It will rise up in perfect light ... I have loved the stars too fondly ... To be fearful of the night . -- Author Unknown 
Pay no mind to those who talk behind your back , it simply means that you are two steps ahead . --- Author Unknown . 
\Forgiveness is not an occasional act ; it is a permanent attitude . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. " 
Never think in the terms of being free from ; always think in the terms of being free for . Be free for The Creator , be free for Truth , but don't think that you want to be free from the crowd , free form the ............... 
Religion that claims to be the only \True Way\ " sets the stage for war for those whose Ego's are greater than their SELF . --- smb " 
Satanism -- Originally Adversariasism -- against that which oppresses Evolution of the Spirit/Self . -- smb 
The entire world is being driven insane by this single phrase : \My religion alone is true . \"--- Ramakrishna " 
Your religion was written upon tablets of stone by the iron finger of your God so that < PROPFEMALE > could not forget . The Red Man could never comprehend or remember it . Our religion is the traditions of our ancestors -- the dreams of our old men , given them in the solemn hours of the night by the Great Spirit ; and the visions of our sachems , and is written in the hearts of our people . -- CHEIF SEATTLE 
\MY BODY IS WHITE 
Wishing everyone well and to my Dark friends , Many Dark dreams and Dark blessings I send your way and to my friends of the light , Peace , Blessings and Illumiantions . Blessed be to My Wicca friends . May the Sun keep shining and blessing you with the energies of goodness and growth . ........ To my family memebers ... I miss you very much . 
Humans are a deviant animal species without structure of somekind and unless we seek and reach balance of the Spiritual and The Mundane(material ) . Most are Spirits experiencing the animal nature of human existence and most are Humans seeking to find their Spirit . Few have found the Balance in between . And those that have are what we call Avatars like Buddah , Gahndi and Christ , etc .... 
The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong . \ 
Mahatma Gandhi \ 
\ 
Time may heal all wounds but the scars remain forever . 
While you SCREAM at your woman .. there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear ... While you humiliate , insult her ... There's a man flirting with her , reminding her how beautiful she is ... While you hurt your woman .. there's a man wishing he could take her pain away ... While you make your woman cry ... There's a man stealin ... g her smiles ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . \ 
? 
The consensus that science and spirituality are incompatible no longer holds firm . As the scientific understanding of the nature of reality deepens , perceptions are changing and people are beginning to show more interest in what I call our inner world . By this , I mean the dynamics and functions of consciousness : both our hearts and our minds - Dalai Lama 
Not much going on lately ... reading a book called \Life Without Limits\ " by Lucenda Bassett . Very interesting and a great pick me up . " 
Welcome to all my new friends and hoping today is a wonderful day for you all . For my old friends , thanks for sharing and allowing me to grow spiritually with you . Hoping today is a wonderful day for you . Peace , Blessings and Illuminations . 
Going to a wedding this weekend . Will not be back till Sunday evening sometime so will not be on e-net . Everyone have a gret weekend . PEace , Blessings and Illuminations . Dark blessings to all my dark friends . Ave Lilith Y Bastet !!!! Blessed be to all my witchy friends . 
The Past is over , it doesn't exist anymore ; and becuase you can't go back to change it , the only thing you can do is use it for motivation to help you make better choices about the present and the future . -- < PROPFEMALE > Bassett 
It isn't for the moment that you are stuck that you need courage , but for the long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security . -- < PROPFEMALE > Morrow Lindbergh 
I am tired of walking on eggshells . I will be true to my Self from now on regardless of who it p*ss*s off . Here or anywhere . If I wish to post or talk about Deli Lama or Jesus , or Satan or God or Lilith or Bastet , or witchcraft , or Pagan Faiths , or Christianity , Sacred Sexual Spirituality , etc , any form of faith and /or religion , I will do so . I am on here to learn , evo ... lve and grow spiritually . 
My Halo is beginning to slip off my horns ....... ;-) 
\Sometimes you ( have ) to leave to find your way home . \"~~ Rachel Roberts " 
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it , but what he becomes by it . Knowing others is intelligence ; knowing yourself is true wisdom . Mastering others is strength ; mastering yourself is true power ~~~ Johnny A-H < PROPMALE > 
Johnny ....... Sticks and stones are hard on bones , aimed with anry < PROPMALE > , Words can sting like anything but silence breaks the he < PROPMALE >.~ Phyllis McGinley 
What I have learned today is that people can and will still judge others for the same things or similar things that they do . Apparently what is good for the goose is NOT supposed to be good for the gander . Suprise , Suprise . 
It really sucks not having a car of your own . :-( Same delima as Tuesday but a little bit more slippery . i need to make sure I have a way home if I get a ride to work from my place . 
My Wolf apps are not being shared on my wall as per requested and I do not know why . 
Well getting to check everything today but not much time to do it in . Only get an hour at Library . :-( . Will try to be backi soon . :-) 
BLESSED MORNING ALL . 
Using mobile upload today & am learning 2 navigate it . I dont like it so far . 2 slow . Not like a PC/Laptop . 
Still on a self discovering journey . But by actually experiencing now not just watching what is going on around me . 
Distractions of life r really creeping up on me now & its easy 2 lose focus on the spiriual growth when u have 2 focus on the mundane . 
Distractions of life r really creeping up on me now & its easy 2 lose focus on the spiriual growth When 
S 
Having fun with facebook security and password do to using mobile . Sheesh !!!!! Hello all . Not much has gotten better since last time . Keeping my fingers crossed . Johnny .... pay no mind to distractions and you know what I am talking about . Love you all . Miss < PROPFEMALE > all . 
Just pored my heart out to someone hoping for a reply . But knowing I will not get one . It may be awhile before I can get back on here . Keeping the Faith . Blessings to all . <3 <3 <3 
sorry I do not have time to check out all photos I am tagged in but thank you very much . Till next time everyone have fun and be happy . 
Beloved one , every morning when you get up take an Optimism pill . Make sure it goes down , all the way down . If it doesn't go down the first time , swallow it again , because there are some days when you feel like it gets stuck right in the throat . \ " , 2011-03-15 16:49:13 " 
Beloved one , do not take upon yourself heavy responsibility for other ones ' choices , even if it looks like they are suffering horribly . Help them if they ask for it . Pray for them , yes . Speak to their Higher Self encouragement . Speak to their Higher Self of your love and your respect for them , but do not take upon yourself false responsibility . Believe in the Christ Mind Set of them and of yourself . 
Beloved one , hear me well . Take an Optimism pill every morning , and make sure it goes all the way down to the heart . You will find that as you pay attention , life begins to look different . You will find that as you go through the day you feel better about yourself , and that is important . It is important how you feel about yourself . 
Well , may not be on till next week sometime . Blessings everyone . Remeber it depends on how one uses negative and positive energies and thoughts on how the outcomes may be . <3<3<3 
greetings to all my TRUE friends , still experienceing some downside . Hopefully will not be long before I can check in every day . I have come to realize who my TRUE friends are . Those who have been there for me throughout this ordeal and those who have not disconected . Goodbye Imperial , may your journey be a good one . 
Beloved one , one of the best places to find yourself is with a friend , is to open your heart and to say to a friend , “This is how I am feeling , and I know this is not all there is to me , but can you give me a clue ? Can you say that you believe in me ? Can you tell me something that I’m missing about myself that will allow me to have a new vision of myself ? ” 
Got to go again for now . Will try to be back next week . Love and blessings to all my friends I didnt get a < PROPMALE > to converse with today . <3<3<3 
The world is , as it was two thousand years ago , full of many traditional cultures that can live in < PROPFEMALE > with understanding or may choose not to , and you are the ones who are going to bring that choice right into the forefront with neighbors , with co-workers , and with ones that are around the face of our holy Mother , the Earth , as you do in your meditative times . There is no separation at that time . 
Was told by a spychic over this e-net thing that things would start looking better for me . It hasn't as of yet . Still going through a spiritual growth spurt so to speak and still seeking courage to as I must . Peace , blessings and Illuminations all my friends . Love you all . 
to those of you sending me requests for games and such I will not be able to answer those for I do not have the time right now till I get back on my feet . I can only use the library computer for a limited time daily but I can only make it once a week to the library . Thanks for the invites and requests though . Blessings to you all . 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are .... leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the FOURTH letter of your LAST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't post a word & not copy .... That's no fun . 
Bidding Adue once more till Cosmic Mother knows when I'll be able to get back on here . Missing all of you . Peace , blessings and Illuminations to all . 
Greetings to all my friends here . Wishing you all well , peace , and good health . May be getting an apartment soon and hopefully will be able to hook back the e-net so I can come converse more often than now . Missing you all . Looking forward to all the new notes and poems to read and catching up soon hopefully . <3<3<3 
