i just chopped all my hair off :D 

i just remembered my research paper is due on Monday :P 
working at a mexivan restaurant on cinco de mayo totally blows 
just got home and now to start and finish another paper thats due tomorrow lol 
just got and im looking to forward to chilling 
im done with school after tomorrow 
I'm totally digging the weather tonight 
the rain is so peaceful ... to bad i have to go to work today 
After the game , the < PROPMALE > and the pawn go back in the same box . 
The wedding singer from Old School is the same one from The Hangover ... holy crapp best wedding singer ever !!!!! 
a true friend will always stab you in the chest 
ive been waiting for rain for the past week and its finaly here 
rain !! 
cant find my damn headphones .... \ 
this totally sucks 
He who makes a beast out of him self gets rid of the pain of being a man . 
just got back from the range . \ 
im glad i finaly got a < PROPMALE > to shoot my . 243 and my dads . 270 
If i buy a bulldog , what should i name it ?? 
Thank you to all the peeps that wished me a happy birthday .. \ 
totally felt the love :) 
The new Devil Wears Prada EP is epic ... 
Not going to do anything tonight . I'm just going to < PROPFEMALE > out at home and draw 
i just took ap < PROPMALE > my < PROPMALE > maninin .... 
Texas government is so boring .... 
im not a smart man , but i know what love is . \ 
- < PROPMALE > gump 
The stars look so beautiful tonight ... 
Help , I've fallen and can not get up .... 
last night was unforgetable ... all i have to do now is remeber what happen 
Economics homework ... what a dragg 
132 is my new personal best at bowling :D 
Tell me why i cant unlock my house door with the same little device I unlock my car door with ..... 
holy crapp i just realized how cold my toes are ..... so not cool 
sometimes i crave myself .... is that wrong ?? 
so maybe a xxl chalupa and some hot cheetos wasn't the best choice for a late night snack ..... 
just got home ... party got stoped by 5-0 and dint really want to push my luck :P 
I'm so sleepy and I don't even know why .... this sucks 
I can't get this on girl out of my head and it sucks cause I know she doesn't feel the same way I do 
Just ate so muchhh .... i honestly think I reached my wait goal tonight ... 
About to relax and do some yoga ... 
Messing with my markers .... i think I finally got the blending down a bit better lol :P 
You cant get to Heaven unless you get HIGH , but theres no word of Hell on your way back down ... 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Man , what's up Facebook drama 
#29 . 07 i guess i'll give it a try just for you ... i remember wanting to meet you when i saw you with my cousin once but it never happed until i went to guyer . And i really never new why you were jealous of Eva ... shes got nuttin on you 
#0614 your dragging me into this nonsense lol ..... but your one of the cutest girls i have ever met . and you look amazing every time i see you even when your in uniform ;) ... i really dont know you out side of work but i hope that changes over time 
#2 Hey your a very silly and funny female .... really never new why we stopped talking but its a good thing that were talking now :D 
#8 you were alway that cute girl that i was too shy to talk too ... but your really fun we defently need to < PROPFEMALE > out allot more than we have :) 
#3 we totally had fun and im sorry that nothing came out of it ... and i promise that we are going to < PROPFEMALE > out some time soon 
#14 your right grate minds do think alike :D .... and im trying to figure out why we ever stopped talking for all those years and how randomly we just started talking again 
#666 nigga i've known you for most of my life that i can remember and i know i could live with out no matter what other people think i just choose not too 
#19 Your my < PROPFEMALE > and you will always be no matter what ... your beautiful and amazing im always laughing when im around you and i really miss you bunches :[ i hope i get to see you soon :) 
#940 gotta represent my 940 .... you are one of the strongest peeps i know and i know that everything is going to work out for you cause thats just the way you are ... i found the hat by the way and i hope it still fit < PROPFIRST > bear 
#2424 dude if it wasn't for the weenie place i would have never met you ... im defently glad that i did .... you have a great sense of style and im jealous of your keyboard skills and now i hear that your a beast with the BASS 
#3456 your so sweet and nice ... some times i think your to nice for your own good but hey it what ever is best for you :) and im glad that were working together again :D 
About to go take my last final then ill be done !!!!!!!!! 
#1300 i was just thinking about you lol .... you have gotten so gorgeous since the last time i've seen . your an amazing artist and im jealous of your skills and you should totally give me a call laters ;) 
#90003 Your so sweet I remember meeting you way back in the day at my uncles house .... really haven't seen you since ya'll ' were making that movie for church :] 
just put on my pink bandana and my mother was worried that was going to get shot up by the a rival gang :) 
Long day at the office today .... just glad to be home and resting 
Im so hungry .... some one should come feed me right now 
going to be boring tonight ans stay in and draw for a bit ..... lets see what i can come up with 
Its one in the morning and i im hungry as hell .... this kinda sucks 
getting a sugar rush from < PROPFEMALE > canes .... it is Christmas after all :) 
Night guys hope every one had a wonderful and save Christmas 
There's always a little truth behind every \just kidding\ " . \ 
So will the people that blasting their gats please stop im actually trying to sleep tonight :/ 
So not feeling good tonight .... just going to stay home and rest 
My baby sister just found out that you can't use a touch screen phone with gloves on :) 
Had lunch with an amazing and beautiful girl today :) 
We are the music makers , we are the dreamers of the dreams .... 
Been lying in bed for the past two hours trying to sleep and its not working ..... this kinda sucks :/ 
This lady work won't stop being all up in my business .... its getting really annoying lol 
I don't understand French , but if I could , \ 
I would write beautiful songs about horrible things ... \ 
because it is said to be the language of love and romance ... \ 
and if love didn't exist , there wouldn't be any horrible things . \ 
You must care to cry , love something in order to hate something ... \ 
You must have a heart in order for it to be broken . 
Many people walk in a dream . \ 
They feel entitled to happiness and feel anger when it is not waiting for them . \ 
I know that the world owes me nothing , yet has given me a great deal . \ 
It is our own perception we get to bend and mold to our liking-\ 
once that is accomplished , the reality we once knew begins to change . 
just got done doing homework and now im hungry ... 
Chemistry homework is eefffin annoying . Good thing its not due till the 7th ..... so ill be doing it last minute :) 
Coming to Kroger was a bad idea ... every one and their grandma is here stocking up for the huge winter blizzard were having ... 
Sweet no class for me today so I guess its back to bed with me ... 
Philosophy is fun and all and i enjoy reading it ... but i think its time for bed now\ 
\ 
Goodnight facebook peeps 
Im way to hungry to sleep ... i need food :/ 
ate some ghost peeper extract today ... and i say this to you NEVER AGAIN !!!! 
You think that we have freedom but the truth is all we have is a bigger cages and longer chains ... 
Its a sad day today ... my Xbox died :/ 
My sharpener is eating my las 4B pencil and thats is so not cool ... 
they say that he who represents him self in court has a fool for a client ... 
Man I really wanted to get some sleep tonight but I guess that's not going to happen ... bummer lol 
I need a new gamer tag ... any suggestions ;) 
Got locked ouof the casita today and u had to crawl in threw the window ... probably the most interesting part of my day today 
The devils greatest trick was convincing the world he didn't exist ... 
Have to write a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper comparing Descartes’ idea of Substance with that of Aristotle’s ... cant wait lol 
So im totally Prego ... 
