i believe in us 

ready to start college 
is missing his girl 
bs bs bs 
ready to finish this deployment .... 10 months is more than enough 
is ready to be home and not ever come back 
had a great day chillin and fishing in the persian gulf 
ONE WEEK LEFT IN THIS HELL WHOLE ........ 
5 more days left !!!!! hope i dont get stuck at hood .......... 
11 days till im at home with my love and gettin me some ;) 
glad to be home 
just got back from the gym .... holla ! 
i loves the rain 
i havent been on facebook in so long i forgot how it worked 
it took me 20 mnutes to log on ...... its been awhile 
smitty werben yanker man jenson 
guess ill clean up 
Some ice storm huh ? Ha ! 
Its cold as a penguins ass in this humvee ... 
Everyone should join the groups ' can this goat get more fans than barack obama ' ..... go for goat in 2012 
it's a boy !!! 
who the hell changed my profile picture ????? 
soooo join my group 
sooo got a black eye now ..... thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > 
is planning revenge on his wife ... buahahahahahahahahahah 
im glad to see that at least 7 states have the balls to stand for the constitutional rights of their citizens ....... kudos 
make it twelve states ........... twelve states challenging one decision by this administration ....... sounds dangerous and i like it 
wonders y people think they know whats goin on 
is meant to live and die alone 
keep talkin that blah blah blah 
hot tub time machine was freakin awesome 
blumpkin ? 
Food . Food is on my mind . 
wishes she wasnt so scared ................... 
is totally wearing underwear 
why will facebook not let me dislike someones status ?????? 
so i totally slept for an hour and a half last night , today is goin to suck 
is bored as all hell 
What we have here ...... is a failure to communicate 
If you choose not to decide , you still have made a choice . 
Is glad that pj is doing well . 
is angry that he cant go see pj tonight . stupid exams . 
I miss < PROPMALE > 
bout to start my bussiness . searock know what im talkin about lmao 
i just liked everything on my home < PROPFEMALE > . awesome . 
how 
many 
times 
can 
i change 
my status 
? 
I suck at life 
Jk I rock at life . 
look at how many people liked my status before . that means all you people agree that i suck at life . you five people are now my enemies and you know who you are . 
Let's use facebook as a tool to make lies and ruin peoples reputations . That's a great idea ! 
At bww with 631 ! 
Likes this 
is ready for Nathananiel < PROPMALE > Watkins to return form his jouney to the mystical world of camp gruber .... 
Really ? Noone will eat dinner with me ? I must be a worse person than I thought lol . 
Is ready for afghanistan 
Someone needs to < PROPFEMALE > out with me tonight . 
yeah ....... i need coffee 
no comment 
that guy is gonna black out in ten minutes ....... 
really needs to study for some finals 
is taking donations ...... 
people are stupid , escpecially when they think that patriotism is humerous and that its funny to joke about people dieing in afghanistan . perhaps the tables will turn and the next terrorist will kill these people instead so that others can laugh at their sacrifice and make immature jokes . 
is ready to move into the duplex ....... 
nightcrawlers !!!!!!! 
calf fry ? ummmm no thanks 
cant wait till this weekend ....... 
why do people get so excited about a testical festival ? 
hopefully tommorrow night will be much better 
urban dictionary my name ...... so true 
cant wait to start working 
tonight should be a good one ...... 
just invented the greatest beverage on earth ... what shall i call it ? a nasty nate lmao 
great night 
loving the new crib 
doesnt know when any of my finals are 
two finals left ...... cake 
i can play hardball too ....... 
cant wait till friday , for sooo many reasons ....... 
status pending ......... 
american gevernment final was a joke . 75 questions in 15 minutes and still got a B 
time to begin my strenous summer schedule . dislike 
is dead 
first day of work ? excellent . now its time to relax ;) 
people dont realize the mistakes they make until its too late . sucks for them buahahahahahahahahaha 
if this is a test of will than i will undoubtedly be the < PROPFIRST > 
nights are long when everyone hates you lmao 
chowing down on some beef ravioli in meat sauce MRE . delicious . 
guess whoes catching a break ???? thats right me 
is a happy man ;) 
sure dont need other peoples approval to determine my own level of happiness 
hopefully tommorrow works out ...... 
well this blows 
When we dwell on the past we miss out on the present and neglect the future ..... 
is in an inifnite downward spiral ....... 
only cares about two things ...... my boy PJ and getting ready for Afghanistan 
has mixed feelings about going to afghanistan next year ........ 
is at camp gruber AKA hell . 
Has the worst luck on earth 
Chicken and noodles MRE ? Don't mind if I do ........ 
30 hours in the field with 80 percent < PROPMALE > of severe storms ? I like it 
Is a relatively happy person ..... ready to get the hell outta camp gruber . Big plans when I return to the world ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm glad that was finally over !!!!! Now its time to relax and look forward to friday ;) 
One more day at this prison camp known as gruber ...... 
Really army national guard ? Wake me up at 330 in the morning for a fictional battalion run so I can sit in the dfac for 2 hours ????? Nice one . 
finally back at the crib !!!!!!!!!! big plans tonight ;) also meetin my new brothers tommorrow !!! 
ready to start work back up 
has better things to worry about than some drama from the devil woman lmao ....... miss you brookie !!!!!!!! 
things just cant get easier for me ....... 
why can nothing go right for me ....... 
ready to spend the weekend with my brookie !!!!!!! 
oh yeah totally signed some petitions against anti gun legislation .... get some of that you hippie freaks ....... also ready to spend the entire weekend with my boo !!!!!!! 
someone would steal my debit card and < PROPMALE > me ......... assholes 
once more my sad excuse for a life is spiraling downward in an eternal path to self destruction and nevernending lonliness 
blahhh . im kidding my life rocks 
is in need of a beverage 
is in it to win it 
You would think that after 20 years living in oklahoma a persone would learn to not leave their windows down overnight . Thank you mother nature for your random downpour of heavy rain .... 
finally of work and time to chilax at the crib with the newly refurbished AC ...... yes sir 
feels sorry for all you guys who dont have a girlfriend as amazing as my < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison ..... its ok though i guess they can all have second best . 
waiting for my girl to get here so we can have an awesome time for two days !!!! 
Had an awesome birthday yesterday all thanks to my brookie ;) 
Its hard to come up when everyone and everything brings you down ......... 
Sooo I need a lawyer stat ...... 
Another amazing weekend with my brookie :) also drill sucks and I can't wait to be released so me and my boo can to stillwater tonight :) 
Just seen a huge red lighting bug lmao 
hmm what will i do this weekend ? prolly lots of tv and xbox 
despite the begining boredom , actually not a bad weekend , once again thanks to brookie 
worok was fun 
does not negotiaite with terrorists , or terrorism . 
time to make it right and keep it right 
< PROPMALE > donovan : great soocer player or greatest soocer player ever ???? 
i do believe that the US is totally dominating the second half of this game 
time to invade the nation of ghana , they may beat us at soccer but i dare say we would win in combat 
pray for the best and prepare for the worst 
is lost in a sad , lonely , and deprived world of his own creation 
Had an amazing evening 
is doing his best to make things right 
Bout to beat jakes ass at the fan on 
Hides behind the tears of a clown 
Do u remember all the times we had ? 
Your day sucks ? Well my life sucks 
is super stoked for his hot date next week ;) 
for compliments or complaints please call 918-399-1619 
good day 
totally caught a bat at work today 
looks like i left a bit too soon 
ready to get this court over with 
hello facebook 
is an indestructable master of war 
blah 
is a velociraptor 
Everything is never as it seemr 
is < PROPMALE > searock 
is man 2.0 
never before have i wanted another < PROPMALE > as badly as i want one now 
afghanistan is in for a rude awakening when the 45th shows up 
worst nights sleep ? i do believe so 
Is not suprised that the barracks at gruber has no ac 
ready for school to start 
is about to kill < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > watkins 
thanks for breaking glass where my children play 
Cant run from the time police 
hopefully the GOP regains control of both houses in the midterm elections . This would be very nice . Godspeed GOP 
facebook on xbox live ? interesting 
nothin beats a cup of < PROPFIRST > and some fox news on a saturday morning 
is wet 
hates school 
just seen < PROPFIRST > dirt at the student union 
Brand new its always < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is getting ready for my trip to the amazon !!!!! 
ok someones real funny 
headache 
just raped that wester civ exam 
well that was interesting 
free smokes ? great day ....... 
Work blows 
cant wait to get back from afghan so me and chops can buy a houseboat ........ yeah thats right , a house boat 
When the sun sets on the horizon it radiates an amount of beauty on the earth that is greater than that Which man can comprehend . yet there is a greater beauty , one which lasts much longer than the fleeting beauty of the sunset . Yet this degree of beauty is differant for all mankind , no two people see the same beauty and that is the true beauty of life . 
Ok just for clarification last status was not gay in anyway so < PROPMALE > searock can suck it ( no homo ) 
doesnt wanna go to work and sell shady people cigarrettes 
Shit night at work 
Great day with my son 
Just seen a little < PROPFIRST > dirt at work and he wanted to shake my hand so it would shock me lmao 
Never let a woman drive u to a pumpkin patch 
Don't wanna go to work 
Work work work 
I never wanted CHANGE until Obama 
Hates CGJMTG 
Skipping thanksgiving 
i wish i could drum up some measure of excitement over a pointless game in which two groups of men simply throw a ball around and basically just run into each other . just seems like a rather unrewarding waste of time and recources 
Cookout son 
Getting another ratta tat tat 
HD projector , surround sound and black ops 
Insomnia 
Bored 
people are strange 
Nazi zombies don't stand a < PROPMALE > ..... 
Watching short films 
Has a new favorite movie 
The eclispe isn't near as cool as the halo of clouds that surrounded the < PROPFEMALE > about an hour and a half prior to the actual eclipse 
Ok now this eclispe is badass 
the reaper and the resonator plus monkey bombs 
im sooooo nervous lmao 
Let me clear my throat 
Nonchalant 
Waterbored 
. 
at times victory can be disquised as defeat 
is one more lonely than zero ? 
body marked up like a wall in the 80s ? 
is in a coma 
You never know until you try 
swants 
Doesn't want to go to yellow ribbon 
Hayes yellow ribbon 
Me and < PROPFIRST > just watched the guy driving in front of us wipe out at 60 mph . Glad to report no injuries ! 
not a fan of SRC although the new armory is fantastic , like a castle 
When in Rome 
Gonna gonna gonna ? 
4 inches of snow on tuesday ? yeah right 
Looks like Hoth outside 
Steelers 24-21 
anyone up for a movie ? 
ready for march 2012 !!! 
Is ready to go . 
30 day challenge . Day 1 : quit putting stupid pictures and quotes on facebook because no one gives a shit 
Guess it's time to start packing all my stuff up again for another government funded vaca to the beautiful resort country of afghanistan !!!! 
30 days challenge . Day 2 : quit asking me to help milk your stupid ass cow , take care of your own make believe farm 
Bed ? Yes please ! Two more nights of restful civilian sleep ...... 
Divorce court :) 
Divorce ? Done ! 
two more nights and one of them doesnt count ..... 
It doesn't suprised me that those wisconsin dems left the state and went practically into hiding rather than vote . That's ridiculous ! man up and do your damn job and vote , if you lose you lose . Pathetic . 
Really ? I mean really ?? 
I'll see everyone in about a month !!!! I'll miss you guys !!!!! 
Is beat , although all this gear seems to be getting lighter the more I < PROPFEMALE > it 
10 more days 
Mississippi sucks , I was standing outside at 0730 and sweating 
Muscle fatigue 
Only the thought of home keeps the drive alive 
Hooah = false motivation 
Snarf 
Is indestructable 
push ups , go 
I'll be at the best western in Stillwater on Tuesday Wednesday Friday and Saturday and more than likely bored as hell so don't be afraid to stop by 
Time with my son :) 
Back to the hell hole known as camp < PROPFIRST > 
Bulls on parade 
has drawn a blank 
is wasting the taxpayers money 
Yay it's Friday !!! Oh wait , Friday is just like every other shitty day with uncle < PROPFIRST > 
hopefully this Afghanistan thing is an elaborate April fools joke 
Uncle < PROPFIRST > is a blue falcon 
One two three one 
Is getting more studdly every minute 
Missing my sons first bday ..... 
