No one needs to know how we feel No one needs to understand Cause they can't have a hold on us It's not just any kind of love I know when something is too sacred to touch 

Once upon a time , I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eye And we caught onto something I hold onto the night , you looked me in the eye and told me you loved me Were you just kidding ? Cause it seems to me , this thing is breaking down We almost never speak I dont feel welcome anymore Baby what happened , please tell me ? Cause one second it was perfect , now youre halfway out the door 
Well this is not your fault But if I'm without you Then I will feel so small And if you have to go Always know that you shine brighter than anyone does . 
Board ... waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work so i can head down to sioux falls and < PROPFEMALE > out with him .............. 
F . M . L 
Is thinking she needs to go do something ! 
But it doesn't matter how I feel now , anything at all Since I've left you with the wrong impression while I'm still the same , When I turn around and look at my life , shadows in disguise .... 
I'm in love with < PROPFEMALE > Lemke 
I could follow you to the beginning and just relive the start and maybe then we'll remember to slow down to all of our favorite parts 
Where's your gavel ? Your jury ? What's my offense this time ? You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me , Well sentence me to another life 
If I'm a bad person , you don't like me Well I guess I'll make my own way It's a circle A mean cycle I can't excite you anymore 
I'm growing so distant Nothing makes sense to me anymore I'm learning to resist Becoming more than you ever were ( this is a song mom ! ) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s after work to play World of Warcraft !! 
Can you read between the lines ? Or are you stuck in black and white ? Hope I'm on the list of people that you hate It's time you met the monster that you have helped create 
Going to Watertown ! 
I've hoped for change , and it gets better everyday I've hoped for change , but still I feel the same ... And I'll confess That I can be a little selfish And I'll admit I don't want you to help me through this I don't want to start over again 
Cause when I close my eyes and drift away I think of you and everything's okay I'm finally now believing That maybe it's true That I can't live without you And maybe two is better than one There's so much time To figure out the rest of my life And you've already got me coming undone 
GOING TO MARIAHS ! 
I'll bet two years I'll bet one year I'll bet those years you won't be hereI guess I'll keep , I guess you'll keep Every memory Sadly we may never be 
UGH ... FML ! 
Going to the bank with my mommy ! 
Wow ... i suck at life ! Fml 
I'd like to take you down , and show you Deep inside , my life my inner workin So smell and lack of inner pride , To touch upon the surface , is not for What it seems , I take away my problems , but only in my dreams . 
Ugh second day of tech school and im already tired ... 
I Love Him !! 
You're growing cold The end is near I know it's sad Its true my dear What's one more blow to seal this fate And what's one more nail It's getting late So check our pulse Keep our hearts from breaking Beating still six feet deep A funeral for all the love we've lost We'll bury yesterday 
Skru den jeg gjort prøver å gjøre dette arbeidet ut !!! 
I swore i'd never fall again but this don't even feel like falling 
And I'll confess That I can be a little selfish Yeah I'll admit I don't want you to help me through this I don't want to start over again 
We crossed paths for a reason The planets aligned in that particular season It's clear to me that well eventually be Inseparable I love your existence And I can't get enough 
I feel like a piece of bread being toasted .... 
So one day he found her crying Coiled up on the dirty ground Her < PROPMALE > finally came to save her And the rest you can figure out But it was a trick And the clock struck 12 
you creeper ! 
i gota pee lets see how long i can hold it ;) updates later ! 
I never really wanted you to see The screwed up side of me that I keep Locked inside of me so deep It always seems to get to me I never really wanted you to go So many things you should have known I guess for me theres just no hope 
Never wanted this , never want to see you hurt Every little bump in the road I tried to swerve People are people and sometimes it doesn't work out Nothing we say is gonna save us from the fall out And I can't breathe Without you , but I have to 
I'm only up when you're not down . Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground . It's like no matter what I do . Well you drive me crazy half the time ; the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true . And I'm only me when I'm with you . 
this whole day has been one big laugh riot !! 
You're my addiction , my prescription , my antidote You kill the poison Ease the suffering Calm the rage when I'm afraid To feel again How can I tell you just all that you are What you do to me 
Now when I caught myself , I had to stop myself I'm saying something that I should have never thought of you You're pushing and pulling me down too But I don't know what I want 
Yay ! 
is putting off doing homework ! lol 
And I'll take the truth at any cost Cause we are broken What must we do to restore Our innocence And oh , the promise we adored Give us life again cause we just wanna be whole 
Each step you make Each breath you take Your heart . Your soul . Remote-controlled This life is so sick You're automatic to me There's no real love in you Why do I keep loving you ? 
I'll give you all I've got to give It's never too late to say I'm sorry We have one life to live , That'll be the beginning of a great story 
So pardon me while I burst into flames . I've had enough of the world and its people's mindless games . 
Yay ! im super excited !! and im hoping to see some ghosts tonight while playing with the Ouija board !! 
i dont know if i should go back to bed or get ready ..... i wish i could do both or get ready while im sleeping lol 
I'll watch the night turn light blue But it's not the same without you Because it takes two to whisper quietly The silence isn't so bad Till I look at my hands and feel sad Cause the spaces between my fingers Are right where yours fit perfectly 
I am so confused ! 
Your so vain you probably think this status is about you 
If we cut out the bad well then we'd have nothing left 
To much distance to measure it out ... out loud 
Sell your crazy some where else .... were all stocked up here 
Yummmm cookies ! 
Open your eyes Like I opened mine It's only the real world . A life you will never know Shifting your weight To throw off the pain Well you can ignore it But only for so long You look like I did You resist me just like this 
i love you yo yo ( kaden making my status ) 
Can't wait to go to watertown tomorrow ! 
Sneezing is sexy ! lol 
This weekend went by way to fast ! :( 
You were the one That I couldn't find Hidden away In the depths of my mind 
I'm not sure what's altruistically anymore Cuz every good that I do is listed , and your keeping score Love's not a competition but I'm winning Or at least I thought I was But there's no way of knowing 
Prom ! 
Thinks that i like to fuck every thing up cuz i gots skill like that ... say what ?!?! 
Shove your perfection up your ass ! 
Tomorrow We Will Talk about yesterday Right now i got nuthin ' to say honestly Feel Betrayed like my love was ripped outta me The Cycle is all to fimiliar to me 
Look behind my face Can you still see me ? Or am I gone , just a fantasy ? I look into your eyes Grows insanity Oh are you searching ' for that fantasy ? 
Had an awesome time seeing < PROPFEMALE > May and her boyfriend this weekend .... and hanging with < PROPMALE > all weekend !! 
They don't know how long it takes \ 
\ 
Waiting for a love like this \ 
Every time we say goodbye \ 
I wish we had one more kiss \ 
I'll wait for you , I promise you I will 
Here i am perfect as i'm ever going to be you'll see , love me for me\\n . : Vanessa : . 
i never wanted to say this .... you never wanted to stay now did you ? 
Here's a bombshell just for you Turns out I've been lying too Yeah , I'm a white liar\ 
Truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of my tongue like turpentine And I don't know why , white liar 
i dont want your damn frinkle fries ! \\n . : Vanessa : . 
< PROPMALE > leaves today for basic :'( .... i will miss you baby .... i cant wait till you get back !! Love you more ! 
never mind he came back !!! and ruined our wedding date lol 
If you let me I could , I'd show you how to build your fences , Set restrictions , separate from the world . The constant battle that you hate to fight , Just blame the limelight . 
Too much distance To measure it out , out loud 
I've tried not to care , but its all i think about\\n 
Does history guide you or do you set out to change it\\n . : Vanessa : . 
Going to go look at wedding dresses today ! 
hmmm ... what else would i truly expect from you .... 
Can't stop thinking of you and me And everything we used to be It could have been so perfectly 
getting all my wisdom teeth removed today .... ugh 
ughh ... i want some bacon 
Remind me that we'll always have each other When everything else is \ 
gone We all have a sickness That cleverly attaches and \ 
multiplies No matter how we try We all have someone that digs \ 
at us 
Sometimes when I'm alone , I wonder\ 
Is there a spell that I am under\ 
Keeping\ 
me from seeing the real thing ? 
got my nose pirced and my second tattoo done today ! 
Excite to go to < PROPMALE > in 2 days ! 
I am Going to miss my mom while i am in < PROPMALE > 
Sad to say but i can't wait to get back to salem \\n . : Vanessa : . 
is like stuck in sioux falls my car brokeneded but at least < PROPFEMALE > Kalinay is with me 
Dont cry to me if you loved me you would be here with me if you loved me come find me make up your mind 
Some things you will regret , somethings you cant take back , what can kill you will make you stronger 
I love < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
If I die young bury me in satin lay me down on abed of roses send me out to the river at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > me away with the words of a love song 
So let this drought come to an end And may this desert flower again And\ 
I need you here\ 
I can't explain But a day without you Is like a\ 
year without rain 
I never wanted this . Its because of you i'm dead inside 
And who do you think you are\ 
Running ' round leaving scars\ 
Collecting your jar of hearts\ 
And tearing love apart\ 
You're gonna catch a cold\ 
From the ice inside your soul 
in missouri almost got eaten by cannibals on the road ! 
Will be on a plane to montana soon 
< PROPFEMALE > x-mas !!! 
Is bored with < PROPFEMALE > 
waiting for class to end ughhh 
Party tonight ? Hmmmm\\n-Vanessa- 
Thank you every one for the birthday wishes !! 
Playing WoW !!! 
Another day in this carnival of souls\ 
Another night's sands end as quickly as it goes\ 
The memories are shadows , ink on the page\ 
And I can't seem to find my way home 
Back from the hospital finally ! 
Who named Trojan condoms ? the trojan horse entered through the city gates , broke open and loads of little guys came out and messed up everyones day . 
Fucking Loves Capri Suns !! 
