I'm still < PROPMALE > over ... ugh .. Happy New Year ... etc , etc ... 

Another day at work ... the joys of \adulthood\ " never stop surprising me . " 
Bukowski , Hemingway , and HST ... they all had the right idea of things ... 
I thought about becoming a < PROPFIRST > Mays fan , but it would be posthumous .. so meh ... I did however take the , \What < PROPFIRST > Mays ' product are you quiz ? \ " like three days before he died ... " 
' ... the thing is , god and nothing have a lot in common ... ' quote from the book , All the < PROPMALE>'s Men . Can't say I disagree . 
BYOFT 
Ugh ... think twice before picking up a swedish-translated-to-english novel . Rough . 
Rockies have a very important 10 game stretch . Even though it's August , these games could very well decide how the division plays out . Tigers are still clinging to the < PROPMALE > Central as well ... How awesome would a Tigers-Rockies World Series be ... 
Finally !!! Beat this bum who is amazing at chess today . I blundered in my first few moves giving up a knight and a bishop for free ... but Wham ! Put my head into the game , he was over-confident , and I beat him ! This is a big accomplishment for me , and pushes my 16th St Mall Chess Record to ... 9-19 . Slowly crawling out of an abysmal deficit . 
Was given a bunch of free lessons in chess , by a guy that knows chess , was awesome . My reality of this game is slowly unraveling and being replaced with completely different thoughts and ideas ... it's pretty amazing . 
Over the last five days , through poker , sports betting , and general kindness , I have amassed over 1k . So ... awesome . 
Is heading back to the ol ' MI for the weekend . Nothing like a flight leaving at 6am on a Friday morning ... so ... excited ... ( seriously ) On a barely related note : It is , in fact , a Bon Jovi Friday 
Back in the CO from the MI . Had a great time . Congratulations again Bitty and Jerm , enjoy your life together . ( I don't remember eating much food in MI , just lots and lots of alcohol . ) 
You know you're living in a good city when they have three seperate festivals celebrating beer , in the same weekend . Thank you , < PROPMALE > . 
Anytime a little brother wants to go out for \a few drinks\ " an older brother should realize ; We're closing down the bar . " 
is debating going to so Patton Oswald on Saturday evening . This hinges on a lot of things however .. so meh .. < PROPFIRST > , we doing that SCNM this weekend or what , if so , give me a time frame . Saturday morning does not work for me ; plans . 
Both the Tigers and the Rockies can clinch playoff berths with a win today . Let's go . Dream World Series Match-up : Tigers v . Rockies ( please let this happen ) 
Rocks are in , Tigers have the magic number of 2 , Michigan is going to beat Michigan State , Broncos over < PROPFIRST > , and the Lions make < PROPFIRST > Cutler look like the shitty quarterback he is . Oh , Go Wings ! 
Well , my Dad got married this weekend , I get home , and the laptop apparently has killed itself . If anyone knows a good laptop repair place in < PROPMALE > , please let me know . Thanks . 
Going to Planet of the Drums on 7 Nov 09 . Let me know if you're going or want to go . 
For those of you that checked that twitter link I put up a bit ago , the old man has kicked out a few more gems recently . Just letting you know . 
Just had a good bit to drink at work ... now for a night on the town ... hope everyone has a great weekend . 
wishes he were in Michigan ; killing some whitetail . 
Where is my mind ? 
is not too thrilled about the fact that his head will be shaved on Dec 12th . Note to self : Don't bet your hair on a shootout ... ever . 
To all my friends in England : US is going to whoop your ass in World Cup play . To all of my friends from the States : The World Cup is the only time I even remotely care about soccer . 
For the record , I don't drink coffee . Today had to come into work early , two extra dry caps each with two extra shots , four cups of office coffee , and one mountain dew . I'm still craving more caffeine . 
If I had to sum my life up with the title of a published novel , it would be : Apathy , and other small victories 
Oh Monday mornings ... how I completely and totally loathe you . 
Meh . 
Populus vult decipi . ( The people want to be deceived . ) 
What is up with Author's these days . It's like the first 3/4's of a book are extremely well-written and captivating , and then they taper off into romantic ( the time period , not < PROPFEMALE > Steele ) garbage happy endings . Sigh ... 
We won our first Rec League basketball game last night . It wasn't pretty , but it was a W . 
Is actually into his Ethics class . The instructor seems intelligent , cynical , and sarcastic . I think he's awesome already . Meh , I don't think class will be that bad this semester . 
I don't normally do these .. but .. exceptions can be made . Keep it going , etc , etc ... #1 song when you were born . Mine : Missing you - by < PROPFIRST > Waite And yes , it has all of the classic , trashy 80's feel to it , and for that , it's even better . 
So .. just a shout out to < PROPMALE > Mullen for teaching me everything I know about taxes . $3 Federal Return and $3 State Return ... No interest free loans to the government from me . 
Ugh ... been a long time since I've closed down a bar ... been equally as long since I've been < PROPMALE > over at work ... No .. bueno .. 
Being in school again makes me ... glad . My mental wheels are greased and I feel as confident in my own intelligence as I ever have . ( Yeah , no modesty issues here . ) 
The new Archer episode ... it just keeps getting better . 
So ... good news , only going to cost $115 to have my ps3 repaired . Bad news .. it's going to cost $115 to have a system that cleared its warranty period by six months ( 1 year warranty ) back up and running . Meh , at least I'll have it back up and running by next weds . Oh and , xbox360 , had it for about two and a half years now , still hasn't failed on me ... weird . 
So ... US won 3-1 , and Canada and Russia dominated their opening games . I think Olympic Hockey is going to be great this year . One small problem .. watching two horrible women's teams play before the Russia v . Latvia game , at least break up the scheduling so I only have to DVR good hockey . ( Russia looks scary good ) Oh and check out < PROPFIRST>'s video if you're friends with him .. Old white dude whoops it up . 
US plays Norway today ... let's see if our D has had the < PROPMALE > to work out some of its kinks . Canada plays Switzerland .. and while I don't think the Swiss have a < PROPMALE > , I would still like to see Canada tumble . 
Watched a completely different Swiss team lose a tough one to Canada in a shootout . I honestly hope the US doesn't have to play them again , they looked so much better . Next up , US v Canada ; Sunday 5:40 p . If anyone wants to get together and watch the game , let me know . 
Archer keeps getting better and better . US is leading Group A going into Sunday . Canada is a point down thanks to their Shootout win , and Russia lost in a shootout to Slovakia ; whom the Czech's beat , and Russia plays the Czech's next . Going to be a great weekend of Olympic Hockey . 
Nothing like a three beer lunch to get one's self primed for Friday evening . 
US wins , US wins , US wins , US wins , US wins .... Goal , goal , goal , goal , GOALLLLL !!!!!!! 5-3 US over Canada ... Oh yeah ... what ?!? AMAZING !!!!!! 
US plays Switzerland at 1pm MST ; a rematch from the preliminary round . After the game the US played against Canada , I don't see them losing to these guys . However , because they have already beaten them , I hope they don't go into the game too cocky and lose their shorts . Don't see it happening , but stranger things have . Go US , Go Hockey . 
US wins in a nail-biter over Switzerland . Also , thank you NBC for completely ruining the Olympic experience for millions of Americans . You have mismanaged and mishandled these games so bad you'll be lucky to broadcast them again in the next 20 years . 
Sooo ... we depending on how the rest of the games go tonight , our rec league team should have clinched a playoff berth . Also , had three sweet blocks tonight ... but now I feel like an old man ... Meh .. that's life I suppose . Go USA tomorrow , my extended lunch will be focused on drinking and watching the game . 
OMFG ... alkjdf ; lkajsdlk ; sda ; lfkdalk ;d ... tied it up tied it up tied it up ... Now to win in OT 
This is me sighing . 
So ... yeah ... it's Thursday . SSDD 
Soooo ... four beer lunch ... and I'm not really feeling motivated to do much work this afternoon . Chances are ... I won't . 
Why is it that I neglect facebook unless I'm at work .. hmmm .. 
Thank goodness for this bastardized American holiday ; I get to wear jeans to work . 
So on days when you think shit is terrible . You realize you work at a place that promotes alcoholism , and you're happy about it . Thank you , work . 
So ... got a write-up at work for direct insubordination . Some things never change . 
So yeah ... kind of in my boss's face . I get written up yesterday .. today CEO of the company comes in .. and tells me he wishes more people were like me . Hmmm ... I love how the old school operate , it works well for me . 
Ahhh ... motivation .. or lackthereof . 
Check out the sweet flannel top I was rocking in the 80's . 
Go Wings , Game 7 tonight .. kind of a big deal . 
Cinco de Mayo .. I'm glad this day has more significance to me than just another bastardized American \holiday \"." 
Generally I could care less about Soccer . But talk about a sweet , sweet finish . Way to go USA . How's that taste , England ? ( And grats on advancing to both clubs ) 
Watching Spain play soccer , actually makes the sport make sense . Crazy how much discipline and skill modify the game . 
Tool concert was amazing . Definitely one of the best shows I've ever been to . 
Damn ... it's not every night you go to a comedy show that has seven comedians and all of them are insanely funny . Also ... it went on for a long time ; like 9-1am . Great show gents , well put together . 
Got my first Jury Duty summons today . I'm torn on misrepresenting myself to get out of it or going through with it and seeing if I actually get selected . Either way ... not too thrilled about it . 
Four days left at the job . It sucks , cause you know you'll miss it , but at the same time , I'm happy knowing I won't have another Monday there . 
I don't know how much I've had to unlearn in order to really learn . But it begs the question : Why am I/should I be unlearning ? Isn't that part of the problem , teaching our children the wrong way to begin with ? If I ever became a teacher ( which I probably won't , my tutoring experiment has shown me as much ) would I be obligated to teach untruths to children ? 
Today , I came to accept a few things . Societally , I'll always be crazy . Intellectually , I'll be accepted . 
\One of the reasons ' mature ' people stop learning 
So ... I get a phone number from an attractive girl ... and I go and lose it . Yeah . Talk about ultimate fail . 
Just wiped out on my bicycle for the first time . Was going 20-25 mph , friggin kick-stand came loose and decided to drop down ... sent me ass over tea-kettle . Right shoulder took the brunt , right elbow and knee are essentially just road-rashed skin . Feels like shit , but overall it's not too bad . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone , hope you all had/are having a great weekend . 
< PROPFEMALE > the ... \ 
damned\ 
broken\ 
bastard\ 
bitch\ 
sad\ 
lonely\ 
lost\ 
.... \ 
beautiful . \ 
\ 
I love you for all the shit you are and aren't . I'm glad I was able to grow up in a place that would allow for such thoughts . \ 
Fuck\ 
you , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . \ 
It may be more than you deserve . 
I fell down a Rabbit Hole at the Mastodon , Deftones , < PROPFEMALE > in Chains show . I'm glad I went . 
It's so nice having Hockey back . I missed it . And how about them Wings , eh ? First big test will be on Tues when they play my other team ( the Avs ) I'm hoping for a 6-5 Wings win ... but I'll take whatever happens ... 
\Learn to act correctly : everybody has shortcomings 
Well , just found out my oldest little sister had her little man . Congratulations Bitty , love you , your husband , and my new nephew . 
So ... I loathe advertising for free , but ... Amazon Student is amazing . If you are in college and have a . edu email address , free 2-day shipping on all Amazon stuff , upgrade to 1 day for four bucks . And it's free . I know , this probably looks like spam , but meh , I don't care , it's not . Just search for Amazon Student on their website . 
Breakfast on the Edge is now open for business ! Come check us out on Sat , Sun , and Mon for our $6 bottomless mimosas . Great food served 7 days a week ! \ 
Address :\ 
2045 < PROPFEMALE > Blvd . \ 
Edgewater , CO , 80214 
I would like to thank all of the dead men that have had a positive influence on my life . Thank you ; Betrand < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Godel , and < PROPFIRST > Bukowski . While not an all-inclusive list , these men have reinvigorated my purpose in life . 
