\maybe he fell in a ditch ! \"- jen " 

im the pope 
1971 parties are amazing lol 
Happy new year folks 
Think my hand is fractured . 
wanted : 
failed at debate this weekend , but gonna murder in spokane 
doves of peace 
working on stuff for spokane , and preparing for the inevitable trauma 
just realized how long four days are ..... 
i swear i look like dr < PROPFIRST > with my glasses on 
girls are too nice to me 
but who wears pants when they're at home ? - < PROPFEMALE > Hwang 
\No .. I'll make you walk into something .. soon \"- < PROPFEMALE > Hwang " 
( witty statement ) 
i am a phosphate group , a deoxyribose sugar , and a nitrogenous base ... if you know what i mean 
Lent is going to be tough this year 
lets party 
\but maybe ... this turkey never left the oven\ " ( yeahhhhhh !!!! ) -Horatio Caine " 
leaving next wednesday 
Gross 2010-11 
listening to the ELO instead of doing my Pre-AP bio stuff lol 
what a dreary place after all 
texting some awesome people ha 
\my spoon is too big !!!! \"" 
just finished the most evil science project ever 
partying all night woot woot 
one family dinner finished , and one more to go ! 
Gross for ERHS ASB Activities Director 
Vote Gross for ERHS ASB Activities Director !!! 
for ASB Activities Director and < PROPFEMALE > Hwang for ASB Secretary !!!! 
for ASB Activities Director and < PROPFEMALE > Hwang for Secretary 
for ASB Activities Director 
Vote Gross for ASB Activities Director 
for ERHS ASB Activities Director and < PROPFEMALE > Hwang for Secretary 
for ERHS ASB Activities Director 
for ERHS ASB Activities Director and < PROPFEMALE > Hwang for Secretary !!!!!! 
for ASB Activities Director and Hwang for Secretary ! 
for ERHS ASB Activities Director and Hwang for Secretary 
for ERHS ASB Activities Director and Hwang for Secretary !!! 
tomorrow is the big day , VOTE Gross for ERHS ASB Activities Director and Hwang for Secretary ! Thank you beautiful people !!! 
thanks to everyone who helped get me elected !!!! I appreciate it , and will make sure you don't regret it ! 
getting ready to head back to ER and finish setting up for Spring Tolo tonight . everyone should come ! selling tickets at the door . 8-11pm 
Tolo turned out pretty nicely after all , and proved to < PROPFEMALE > I wan't as bad a dancer as < PROPMALE > said I was haha 
my feet have been cold all day ... even with socks on 
just finished the TKAM essay woot woot 
apparently , I am tall !!!! Thanks for letting me know everyone , I had no idea ... 
never knew how much I could hate irony !!! 
anyone up for a run ? 
someone new needs to text me ! 
screw scary movies !!! 
hey Christians , stop liberalizing the Bible , you can't interpret it however your heart desires ! 
you aren't supposed to change the Bible to fit your life , you're suppossed to change your life to be in accordance with the Bible and the < PROPFEMALE > 
just registered for SAT 2's , now off to study APUSH , what a wonderful life , right ? 
trying to gather up the courage to study AP on a Friday night ... it's a scary thought 
feeling confident about the AP test , got 700/800 on the practice test for the SAT2's for it , still have a lot of time to get it up to an 800 
just call me Mr. 74.5 lol 
APUSH exam was easy as pie ! 
waiting patiently for < PROPFEMALE > to get over here ha 
had a surprisingly interesting night ... in a good way though ha 
is ready for the week to start . school's going to be easy from here on out 
my wit has ran out for tonight , sorry facebook 
had a euphoric weekend , which included ( but is not limited to ) , one arm boxing , fighting , leg cramps , one testosterone injected movie , one boring movie and attempting and failing to grasp female drama 
team < PROPMALE > all the way !!! 
< PROPFIRST > McCandless was stupid ... mainly because if he hadn't gone on his adventure I wouldn't have to be writing an essay about it lol 
just lost the game 
does anyone know if pancake mix can be used as a substitute for flour ...? 
Have to work on my AP thesis paper and pre AP bio scavenger hunt today . Isn't that just lovely ? 
finished thesis , finishing pre ap bio project 
sometimes I wonder if some people are only nice to me so I do their school work lol 
It's therapeutic ; fighting a bear 
'' Commencing countdown , engines on , may God's love be with you ... '' 
I've had enough already ! girls , stop saying boys/guys/men/males are dumb on your facebook statuses ! get off my nuts ! get back to the kitchen !!!! and before you think about it , I am wearing a cup so ha !!! 
Think < PROPMALE > popped my jaw out again , but I smashed his nose pretty good so its fine ha 
Yo tengo mucho tarea por la clase de espanol dos y la clase de biologia . Ugh 
Here is a shoutout to < PROPFEMALE > 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
Almost here < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Okay < PROPFEMALE > , this tuesday at lunch . With hef only ! 
Are we going to finish the fourth kind today ? 
Swing dancing in blockbuster , alien abductions , demon dogs , scary late night car drives , three delisious quesadillas ( thanks k ) , SAT2's , yoga pants , an exercis ball , annoying ornage , all in all , freaking amazing weekend !!! 
Making dinner . Trying to figure out a good side dish to make 
\I can resist everything but temptation \"" 
Needs a good , deep , philosophical , insightful conversation lol 
Last thursday of the school year ... Bout time too 
got 525 on the reading hspe 
Anybody want to < PROPFEMALE > after graduation tonight ? 
Graduation went pretty well . Congrats to all you seniors ! 
Just got into california . Trying to resist exhaustion ha 
Still pushing through . I am pretty tired 
Been up for twenty four hours now , feeling a < PROPMALE > bit crazy , california is awesome , sucks to be you washington ! 
Washington did not prepare me for 107 degree weather 
Wandering the desert , hopefully not gonna be out here for forty days and nights like < PROPMALE > 
Text me kids . 
exploring < PROPFEMALE > beach today 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach has been going alright , ate at Lemonade and then went to the Muse last night ; good times 
a bbq on the beach . Life is so good 
Arizona and California were fun , although I wish I could have visited them for more happy reasons than I did , but at least everything is ready for me finally 
Just arrived in seattle . Good to be home again . 
Just ran four < PROPMALE > , pretty tired , im outta shape 
headed to < PROPMALE>'s bday party tomorrow cause a certain lady convinced me too ha 
Just found out < PROPFEMALE > was a dude 
Make this kick usa ! 
Thank God for Donnovan 
Trying to figure something to do for tonight 
'' I want to know who you're going to be with on the fourth of july , so if you blow up your fingers , I know who to < PROPFEMALE>'' ... Thanks grandma lol 
Just got my license finally . 
Not gonna lie , I am not a fan of scary movies ! 
Bout to go kill some yellow jackets fifty feet in a tree . Sounds like a great time to me 
This sure is the nicest winter we've ever had ... 
Got a five on the apush test , and seven ninety on the sat2's! 
Well three months left as of today . Isn't that lovely ? How time flies . 
Apparently my middle name is incredibly tough to guess , well at least for certain individuals lol 
Just got done running , so now I can be a couch potatoe for the rest of the day and not feel guilty 
Taking a late night drive , gonna get nostalgic , and enjoy all that life has to offer 
Well at least all the legal stuff is finished ! 
Applaude friends , the comedy is finally over- mozarts last words . Wonder what mine will be ? 
Tomorrow will probably be my last time at wild waves so i'll have a blast 
Enjoyed my last time at wild waves . Off to ape cave tomorrow , another item crossed off my list 
Hoping my inner ear drum ruptures so i can have relief from the pain ugh 
Can't hear out of my right ear . The inner ear drum finally blew out . 
Off to one of our boats today 
Sitting in the middle of gig harbor on one of our boats , soaking up the sun 
Working on ap summer homework . Already getting back school mode ugh 
Holy crap . Huge freaking spider on my wall . Ugh . 
Stocks are up today . Made bank 
Off to our biggest boat 
Really hurt my achillis tendon . My body is deteriorating ugh 
Another family gathering for me . I'll enjoy the sunshine , view and tasty steaks . 
“Doing well is the result of doing good . That's what capitalism is all about . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
It takes one ton of coal to fuel an electric car for one hundred < PROPMALE > . Diesel is the most efficient energy source out there for vehicles . 
Just got back from church , going to the Republican Party Picnic at four ; good times . 
Republican party picnic was good today . Heard all three senate candidates for the GOP nomination speak , going for < PROPMALE > didier 
Off to our cabin today to do some work . Hopefully I will finish my ap < PROPMALE > english book in the spare time . 
It isonly when time is gone that you learn to appreciate it . 
Just heard the most terribly ironic , enlightening , and human story ever 
Just got back . Had a satisfying night 
This evening was spectacular . Im grateful for the life i've already had ! 
Einstein's dying words will never be known because his nurse didn't understand < PROPMALE > . 
Dinner for shmucks was by far the most awkward and uncomfortable movie i've ever seen . Painfully awkward ! Ugh 
Back and shoulders are killing me , and completely exhausted , not getting sleep again , driving for five hours didn't help 
Funny how fast three months can go . Lovely , just lovely . Oh well , it was fun while it lasted haha 
Three doctors appointments during the next two weeks . Gonna die of boredom . 
Just saw an old foe 
This morning i've officially lost all hope in my generation . We're screwed . 
There are a lot of creepy girls in this world , and God seems to have a plan where I meet all of them . 
little children are the most awkward things in the world 
The dodge challenger commercials are retarded . Guess they're marketing the challenger towards the mentally challenged . 
Spent the whole day with < PROPFEMALE > and her family , same thing tomorrow . 
Another wonderful day with < PROPFEMALE > ha . Good times 
Asb meeting went well , so did movies and dinner . Cabin tomorrow . 
Worked at our cabin all day . Asb meeting with admins tomorrow morning . Then on wednesday , jag crew registration and training all day wednesday 
Just got back from asb meeting with the admins . Got my school schedule . 
a study said guys that have sisters are more likely to be emotionally stable ... I only have three older brothers lol 
Happy 25th birthday Mr. < PROPFIRST > Gross . I love you bro 
Just finished two hours of splitting wood . ASB stuff went well this morning . 
Mr. Bates is officially the funniest teacher ever . 
If you had to choose between < PROPFEMALE > or equality , which would you want to have ? 
Just got my first car , or rather my grandpa got me my first car . 
'' < PROPMALE > , have you ever heard of that hideous creature lady gaga ? '' ... ''' Yes grandma lol '' 
Think I've finally settled on what kind of career I want to pursue . Or at least a general area . Of course it's liable to change again though . 
I suddenly regret not doing cross country 
Don't you love it when you find out the worst possible news through a voice mail message ? Gotta love technology . 
Need a sister lol 
hate having to take joke classes in order to fulfill graduation requirements 
algebra 2 , AP World , AP Bio , Spanish 3 , Digital Photo 1 ( argh !!! ) , AP < PROPMALE > English 
Going to the ER staff retreat tomorrow ... 
Wow , sigh , good night . 
Surrounded by four hundred teachers ! Gotta love asb lol 
Sra . Connor told me she doesn't have a fourth period spanish class ? 
It's kind of surreal that school starts tomorrow . Its just now sinking in for me that I won't be sleeping in anymore . 
Me-''Think twice before you speak once '' . < PROPMALE > Kohler- '' yeah , but thinking once is hard enough!'' lol 
I've suddenly become much popular now that people are rushing to finish AP summer assignments . 
In hostile territory ... At the rogers v < PROPFIRST > game at sparks 
This is the start of the Jag Nation Legacy ! 
We'll support them when they win and stand behind them when they lose . 
'' will you let me freeze you ? '' -jacob < PROPFIRST > petersen 
Nothing beats chopping and stacking wood in the rain lol 
Off to the volleyball game . Go jags ! 
Free hot dogs at the erhs tail gate party ! 
My grandmother just fist pumped at my birthday party ... Oh god 
once again , thanks to everyone who wished me well on my birthday , I appreciate it and had a great day/night . And special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > for the gifts ! 
Some dumb bird just ran into my window . 
Oh my god , it's a double rainbow ! Lol 
'' it's a congress of killing''-josh kohler 
Well the setup for homecoming went well . Really tired though . Gonna take a nap then get up and get ready then back to school 
I feel like I am in the swamps of < PROPFEMALE > because of this ridiculous humidity . 
putting the finishing touches on the sophomore class officer election 
Thanks for the restraining order mom , love you too ! 
Oktoberfest , Scandinavian festival , and then football game . Uf da ! 
Jags beat vikings twenty to seventeen 
'' I didn't know these were community cheeze-its''-emily < PROPMALE > 
Oh values , criterions , contentions , claims and warrants , statistics , data , and philosophy too , how I missed you 
Double job interview today with < PROPMALE > kohler ... '' you are sounding stupid right now '' 
We got the job 
And to think she would try sending me back there just to get at me . 
Off to court ... At least I got out of school early . 
If you want justice , go to a brothel , if you want to get screwed , go to court . 
< PROPMALE > Peck needs to text me . 
'' i don't waste these lips''- < PROPFIRST > slack lol 
Went 5-0 at my first tournament of the year 
Wow , thanks for the knife in the back , not to be melodramatic or anything . 
Tomorrow should be an official day off instead of just being senior skip day . 
Well I went 3-3 in my first open level debate tournament ... Meh 
Great , so I am ill again . Lovely , just lovely . 
Leaving early , one benefit I suppose 
Goodbye power 
Really need some pain killers ugh 
Gosh , it's almost funny how miserable I am ! When it rains , it pours I guess . A perfect storm of ailments 
'' i wish I had the disease where I didn't feel pain''- < PROPMALE > kohler 
And I thought I was conservative ... 
Went four-two at my second open tournament 
Oh my god . Love waking up to snow 
No school tomorrow ! 
I think it's safe to say that I am royally pissed lol 
Fun night with < PROPFEMALE > , really tired and have to be up at six for job training ugh 
Spent six and a half hours in court . Im exhausted and irritated . 
SAT studying , school homework , running . How depressing . 
Im starving and chemistry isn't helping at all . Ugh to monday 
Completely exhausted . School , work , spanish caroling . Ugh . Have to wake up at five for court tomorrow morning . 
Just moved a thousand pounds of wood in the rain . 
'' i can't control my body around you''- < PROPFEMALE > bond 
Off to my stock broker , accountant and then dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s . 
It's amazing how easy it is to spend 20k 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy birthday Jesus ! 
Off to our cabin for a week of skiing , sledding , and snow-shoeing . 
Too late and don't know where the eff im at . Trying not too fall asleep . 
Headed out for another adventurous night . 
Only two more hours till sleep ... Ugh 
Awakened too early to go work at one of our hangers ; went to sleep too late but it was worth it 
Learned more over break than I have over the last four months in school . The irony is no surprise . 
Yet again , I have to bite my tongue when dealing with the incessantly incapable imbeciles who are public education employees . 
Really ? \Get the F's Out\ " ?! Does anybody really give a S ? " 
Standing on the roof of < PROPMALE > hall , pretty cool view 
Just out ran a college security guard with < PROPMALE > ! 
Everybody who doubted the hawks can suck it ! Woohooo ! 
Gonna be a long night for me ... Stupid right side lung is acting up again 
Ugh school . Hopefully gonna get some snow days 
'' oh you got your braces off!''-katie bond , '' I never had braces!''-girl in math 
I really hate the weatherman for giving me false hope for a snow day 
On my way home from the gym , driving in this not-quite-snow , have a buttload of homework . Lovely . Just lovely . 
Wasn't able to leave early cause mr bates pulled me into a discussion about sociopolitical economics lol 
According to the radio , I now have two zodiac signs , since the the thirteenth one has been added . 
On my way home with < PROPFIRST > after a long day at the tournament . Finally ! 
AP World is < PROPMALE > finishing physics homework and anecdotes from muehlenbruch 
Just got done with my CAB Diversion meeting , need to go home and study for my math test tomorrow 
Just broke up a fight , kids these days 
Off to the edge , then spanish library thing tonight with < PROPMALE > , then new phone 
This weekend is not gonna be fun 
So I went 5-1 in champion division at the biggest tournament of the year , got fourth place overall , hopefully got a state bid 
Turns out I got third place at plu in champ division and got my state bid ! 
Go Mumbark ! 
Guess the packs win can be attributed to the down economy ... the steelers didn't have enough money to buy the officials this time 
Got second place at state ie quals and got a state bid for my speech event 
\i will send you to a gulag \"- me ...... \ " but I like gulash ! \"- josh kohler lol " 
@ < PROPFIRST > slack \doesn't like grey hair mean you're dying ? \"" 
Ap world history test review = the extended version of Gladiatior 
Probably one of the most crazy nights of my life , if not the craziest 
\what are you smoking down there ? \"- Grandpa lol " 
First round of the state debate tournament is about to begin . 
Finally some nice weather , gonna be a fantastic day 
Great day , nice out , study group now 
\I don't like to stand for the pledge \"- Nicole McMenamin \ " well I don't like al-queda \"- me lol " 
Had an absolutely fantastic day , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , went boating for awhile and then had my CAB , now chilling out . Go spring break ! 
Had breakfast next to < PROPFIRST > Merriman today 
