happy new year !! 

back in colorado ... 9 1/2 months till im home again ... yay 
Classes start on monday ... good or bad thing ? 
needs more information o Blazblue : Continuum Shift 
My car is fucked yay ... it sounds like something outta < PROPFEMALE > wars ... yay ... 
would like the sun to come back pls and for my car to be fixed 
is obsessed with dragonica online ( thqice ver . ) 
Has Couldn't Take the < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPFEMALE > Kaleilani Caceres stuck in my head .... 
TOTALLY WANTS TO WATCH SHOGUN VS MACHIDA OCTOBER 24 
Got a D on lab practical wtf 
Just bought Tekken six and is now fkn loving the DOA series ... seriously its actually a good fighter 
FUCK got a fucking D on my calc test ... 
has discovered OMGPOP games lol 
somehow signed up for hte dislike button fan thing like 2 weeks ago but only found out today somehow was not a fan wtf 
just created a myanimelist account and found out it's bloody hard to remember all the anime and manga i've read and watched in 6 years !!!! 
thanksgiving break !!! 
ASSASSIN'S CREED II RAGING BLAST !!!! Two different games btw ... 
finally has multiple weapons in AC II 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY 
has a WiiFit age of 19 woot 
I recommend Muramasa for the Wii 
just saw Ponyo on the < PROPMALE > by the Sea and gotta say its a great movie but < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke is way better 
who wants final fantasy xiii perfume ? i know i don't 
... pilates are like the hardest form of exercise ever lol 
has Sign by FLOW on loop right now 
fuck its snowing again ... snowdays are great but a week before finals is a fail 
tales of symphonia II is awesome ... and I forgot i had japanese listening to do :/ 
wii active > wii fit 
Just installed CCCP and in my opinon CCCP = K lite 
YES fkn A on my final practical 
grades not bad but definitly gotta up the studying time next sem for o chem ... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!! 
hmm i dont like these constant winds ... 
hmm my subaru should be fixed soon ... and also time to go get me my text books ... 
one week left 
hello school 
Tatsunoko Vs Capcom ... retarded but fun lol , recommended for those who have a wii but dont have good games 
playing my sax for the first time in a long time ... hmmm where did my embochure go ? 
Koong hay fat choy , Koong hay san nin !! For those of you who don't know what this means it is not happy < PROPFIRST>'s ... happy v-day as well . 
K time to study for o chem exam 
got hired today , thank god 
probably not comming home this summer sorry ppls 
had a few invites recently so decided to change back to my old picture so ppl actually know who i am , and also realized that that event was over a long time ago .... 
so aparently < PROPMALE > is out for japanese 3 TT - TT 
just got my first pay check and seriously not that bad 
summer wars = one of the sickest things ive seen in awhile 
just picked up another shift today fuck yea 
i hate sweeping now lmfao 
is preparing for wednesday's o chem test fairly well ... or at least i think ... 
seriously just slept like for 30 - 45 minutes in stat , proceeded to leave the class for about 10 minutes , came back and started working on o chem . i also missed like nothing ... fuck yes 
did decently on o chem exam fuck yes 
got a B on my o chem test !! 
WOOOOOWWWWWWW fucking FFXIII/work managed to keep me off my computer for like 2 days 
just got a 2010 clash !! retail price : like $340 . price i got it for : like $70 
that just made my day ... maybe my whole month of april lol 
hmmm i think this week started great ...... 
So i can take a break after tomorow right ? 
and finally pokemon goes back to fkn regular colors ... POKEMON BLACK AND WHITE Japan 2010 ... 
believes his friends from hawaii are fucking AWESOME ... and that karanging his leg with a sledge hammer is not ... 
i wonder how my o chem exam went .... 
did decently on my o chem exam and my advising seems to be going decently !! 
yesterday's complete day off was fun ... now crunch time .... 
kawashita mizuki just bused out fkn 2 one shots , today is a fucking 5 < PROPFEMALE > day lol 
finally gave in and bought fucking Soul Silver ... 
REALLY wants to go to California in two weeks 
wants to go to the FLOW concert in cali ... 
bought a snake and my mom said the name we thought for it is NG ... taking names ... will post pics later . 
K < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > already gave ideas , now I have pics up so please ideas for snake name 
set up my web cam today , probably download skype and oovoo 
Got my game from < PROPFIRST > Kong yesterday !! 
saw predators , pretty sick 
k school tomorrow kinda lookin forward to it ! 
ho fuck lost my wallet for a bout an hour 
k computer fucking blue screened and ended up getting an ASUS !! and on another note I'm now the proud owner of the autograph of the Mobile Suit Gundam creator !! thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
...... got slapped by some kinda weird ass sickness this weekend ng 
Just made an account on amazon japan ... Fuck ... 
my fkn computer is now complete YAY !!! 
my fkn computer is now complete YAY !!!! and i found out amazon japan doesn't let you ship video games to the USA .... BOO 
k amazon japan fuck you ... just ordered 8 more light novels ... 
fuck yes my light novels shipped and i will get them soon :) 
k guys reading light novels in japanese is REALLY fucking hard ... lol 
............. amazon japan is not only evil for making me buy shit from them .... it's also evil for giving me fucking other sites to buy shit from .... 
love fucking cyber monday 
Bought 4 games from yesasia yesterday ... Going to buy 2 blu rays on Friday from amazon.jp ... good to know I support the Japanese economy !! 
really fucking addicted to cosmic break .... and my car fucking broke again .... yay .... 
still swear to god that fucking amazon and all those other sites i buy shit from are gonna be the end of me ... 
just created a japanese account on psn ... shit lol 
Thanks to everyone who said happy birthday to me !! 
wow , my body is so bus up right now .... 
Hey anybody wanna help name my dog . Something long and weird cause it's an AKC name . 
w00t to getting a special edition game , without paying 30 extra bucks to get it !! 
who hates snow ? < PROPMALE > hates snow 
it seems i've caught the cold that everyone of my friends seems to have ... fuck ... 
added to list of nicknames : Tropic Thunder . lmao 
super addicted to CORE PRIDE by UVERworld 
first time I've been this sick since I got here ...... and right before finals FUCK 
THANKS < PROPFIRST > ... now I really want a loco moco .... 
really hating accounting right now .... 
anyone else find it extremely ironic that the top 2 for the Japanese Oricon charts are two Korean bands ? 
I would like to thank < PROPMALE > for readdicting me to bejeweled blitz ... I even downloaded it to my iPhone ... 
Loco moco for breakfast = win\ 
( Good ) Chinese Food for lunch/dinner = more win\ 
Pregaming for a best friend = pricless 
Over $300 in plants including a Japanese < PROPFEMALE > .... Happy Mother's Day !!! 
K so to the people who knew my car was fucked up and making weird noises ... finally fixed it ... three words POWER STEERING FLUID 
TRIPE STEW FTW !!!! 
.... once again addicted to CORE PRIDE by UVERworld ... also really wants to play my sax again ... 
Life 6 Sense .... FUCK YEA 
hogs gone wild ... fucking dumb ass show 
FML like the first time I've ever seriously thought that in my life . 
I would like my car to work again please ... 
and a great series ends .... ( T^T ) 
Car fixed ... YAY now don't break on me til after I Grad in two years ... 
seriously car ... FUCK YOU 
new UVERworld album came in !! VICTORY !! :) 
OK SERIOUSLY CAR DO NOT DIE ON ME PLEASE !!! 
E3 ... and no not the big gaming convention ... say it like a Japanese person lol 
working out at the gym today ... BAD IDEA so tired now ... 
man i hate middle schoolers .... 
SHINY POTATO . 
finally had a good hawaiian meal down in Windsor today ... SO HAPPY !! 
I put stuff in people's minds !!! 
T - T My friends who returned to Japan , I miss you all already !! 
I am now playing civ world thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > > o < / OOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooo 
K guys , alcohol doesn't make your leg not hurt ... 
Sad that the blue devils lost to the cadets but they both had great shows ! :) 
was going to work out today ... but became lazy and decided tomorrow sounds better ... 
As promised , today was a workout day ! 
been pretty addicted to iphone games lately ... and not the free ones ... 
Was expecting the next kairosoft game to come out in like October ... but it came out like yesterday ... thank you iTunes apps ... thank you !! 
It's a bit late but ... melon pan is just as delicious as I remember , thank you < PROPFEMALE > Egeler for buying it for me !! 
Discovered a new band ... The Sketch Book . Probably going to buy all 3 of their singles when they come out in september 
Lost my brush pen .... NOW HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO MY ????? <= edit thanks to < PROPFIRST > Butler lmfao 
I know in sick when I've only eaten twice today and I'm not hungry .... 
FINALLY HEALED !! God damn , it's been awhile since I've been sick for more than like 3 days 
holy shit ... new facebook is confusing 
You know you're a fat ass when you eat the equivalent of 2 1/2 meals at ihop ... 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Kinn I have crap tons of things to watch now ! 
?? Fuck you ... seriously ... 
really hates snow ... ??????? 
Seriously out of shape ... Dammit 
Dressing up for Halloween for the first time in like 12 years ! 
Seriously snow go away ! ?????????????? 
Sleep > working out lol 
?????????????????????? orz 
