Alone on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > .... surprise , surprise .... 23 years and counting . 

Happy Birthday to me ... Happy Birthday to meeeee !!!! 
needs a new job 
Got the red ring of death .... tried that stupid towl thing ... it came on but overheats after 10 < PROPFEMALE > ... took the case off and it's working fine . Take that Microsoft ! Gonna charge me $99 to fix what you designed wrong . 
Need a job . Want to see my daughter . Brother's in jail . My life is falling apart . On the bright side ...... Nope life is in shambles . 
Looking for a job sucks . I just hate working for idiots . And I'm not good at hiding when I'm smarter than someone ..... I should work on that . 
Does anything really matter anyway ? It doesn't feel like there's any point to anything 
There may be hope after all !! 
I feel like I'm being jerked around here . I really don't know what to do or believe anymore . If actions speak louder than words I'm screwed 
Crazyness 
Need clarification on something but I can't get that tonight . Won't be able to sleep , will probably bust my interview tomorrow . But hey , that's my life lately . No breaks 
Nailed part 1 of the hiring process . Part two sounds like something I'll rock . So I'm only worried about the board interview . But I'll be ready . 
sometimes I feel hopeless I feel all alone These thoughts are fillin up my mind My home is not my home Can't you see you're killin me oh baby I can't live without you This hopelessness is eating me alive And I feel I can't < PROPFEMALE > on any more But then I see my baby girl and I know there's something to live for I see her mother holding her And my heart fills with love All of a sudden I realize I don't feel hopeless any m 
Anybody good at interviewing ? I'm a terrible interview and I've got possibly the most important interview of my life coming up . 
Gearing up to go kill an animal or two 
Sitting here , completely confused . I have no idea what's going on . And my hand really hurts , as would the heavy bag if it could feel . 
I'm tired . Tired of being tired . Tired of not having a job . Tired of life kicking me in the balls , and then when I'm down kicking me in the face . And then the balls again . 
Happy , Happy , Happy 
Put some new old pictures up 
It's funny when someone hates you , and their reasons .... Their reasons are all things they've done to you too . 
It's so late !! But I can't sleep . I can never sleep , but I don't ever wanna do anything either . The only time I'm happy is when I'm with my baby and her mother . I love them so much , maybe even too much . 
My daughter , and my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . They are both so wonderful . I have been blessed with a perfect daughter and somehow the best woman in the world fell in love with me . I've had to almost lose her to see that . I just hope it isn't too late to make amends . 
Watching Stargate Continuum and SG1 in flying in Kingsley Eagles and wearing Kingsley patches . Crazy ! 
FINALLY ! I'm not a bum any more . I have a JOB ! 
An hour of Scrubs . YEAH !!!!! 
So I have less than a week to memorize about 200 airport codes , airline codes , and Acronyms and terms related to the airline industry . UGH 
Made some awesome freedom toast 
Snow , Snow , Snow . I could have almost wrecked today ( except that I'm an amazing driver ) and to top it off I should be in Salt Lake City right now . Oh well . Whaddya gonna do ? 
Nothing . Although a friend and I had a debate as to whether one could really think of nothing . His argument was that you'd be thinking of thinking of nothing . But I've had a completely clear mind . It only lasted a few seconds and was hard , but I had no thoughts at all . Because yeah , I'm awesome like that 
Just when you thought she let you down .... BAM there she is . So wonderful , so amazing . I love her so much !! 
My fish just died . :( 
Only in Oregon can you get blinded by the sun and soaked by the rain at the same time .... DAMN ! 
So excited for < PROPFEMALE>'s first Christmas ! 
Sweet beautiful bliss . Couldn't have possibly been a better weekend 
So I think it is a new New-Years tradition for me . Alone and no midnight kiss ... If I were single that'd be one thing .... Oh , well . 
For those of you who might recall : In college I was given the nicknname \ < PROPFIRST > the Tank\ " because of my similar behavior to said character from \ " Old School\ " . < PROPFIRST > has been dead for a while though .... But tonight .... < PROPFIRST > LIVES !!!! " 
Worst service ever at applebees . After an hour wait my food want even ordered 
BEST NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > EVAR !!!!!!!!!!!! Hope it's a sign of things to come ... well parts anyway . My birthday is tomorrow . As long as I get to spend it with my two favorite women ( after work ) it'll be a good one . 
Spending the day with my girls . Gonna be a great birthday 
I have decided to return to school . Yay for ME !!! 
I forgot what a great writer I can be . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . 
I just almost blew myself up ! But hey , at least not I know the problem is the dryer and not the power cord . :) 
If early to bed , early to rise makes us healthy wealthy and wise . What does late to bed and early to rise make us ? 
My very first Rugby practice tonight ... Wish me luck 
I forgot how much I love practices . I felt like a bafoon but I think I'll get better . 
I heard there was some 3 day rule when starting to workout again ... i hope that's true . Cause day 2 almost killed me . 
Good nights sleep , good dreams .... Still woke up an saw someone in my house that wasn't there ... But no more sad dreams is good . :) 
Got my exam for COM 226 done and I think it is pretty good . 
Got myself 3 new fish . Named them Cheech , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
So my red-tail shark , Cheech somehow , and for some unknown reason jumped out of my tank last night . I still have < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I'll get a new shark , maybe name him < PROPFIRST > , or Cheech Jr , or Cheech II , or Little Cheech . I dunno . I've been up since 10AM yesterday . 
So I was thinking , if I were an office Character I'd be < PROPMALE > . Funny , Likable , Witty , a little lazy . But then I realized , I'm more like < PROPMALE > ... 
If I take a picture of a picture , who's intellectual property is it ? 
Would anyone else agree that Obama promised us the < PROPFEMALE > , handed us a rock , called it a < PROPFEMALE > -rock and said , \close enough \"?" 
Dr. Horrible's sing along blog = Awesome ! 
Recovering from last night .... UGH 
I can't believe I'm applying for jobs at almost 1AM . I must be crazy . 
Who knows spiders ? I just came across one that looks like a black widow but has a brownish underside and no hourglass . Any ideas ? 
Missing her 
Can't get the stupid upload thing to upload pictures . Piece of crap ! Give me back the old photo upload that I didn't have to download to my computer and that actually worked . UGH !! 
So that spider was just a regular house spider . Not dangerous in the least . 
me and some friends were debating this issue . Say ur in a relationship . ur hanging out with friends and some other people , ur significant other isn't there . You decide to play a drinking game like kings . 1 of the cards says for someone to kiss you . A)Is it okay for them to kiss you in any way shape or form or would you take the penalty for not letting them kiss you ? B)Would u even be playing where , that might happen ? 
Best Day EVER !!!! 
Does anybody have some antibiotics or know where there might be some over the counter I could get ? 
7 Application with the State of Oregon alone . Lets see if I even get an interview .... My guess , probably not . 
Well , so far 2 of my 7 applications are under review . Here's hopin a get a call soon . 
FINALLY !!! My bike is working again , just in time for this beautiful weather . 
Happy F The Earth Day !!! 
So I LOVE Relapse , Eminem's best album yet . But I've been listening to Refill , the Relapse bonus CD and it is pretty amazing . I'm excited for his new album \Recovery\ " on June 22 . " 
I was sick today so was asleep all day . I think all my roommates left for the weekend . So I got this huge house and it is just me . Kinda creepy . Think I'll keep my Hattori Hanzo close by . 
Pretty awesome day I'd have to say !!! 
Twilight : Gay ; New Moon : More Gay ; Yeah lets take hundreds of years of < PROPFEMALE > , throw it out the window and make up our own shit . Okay . And people will love a whiny EMO stalker for the hero cause it's cool to stalk girls , oh but only if you look constipated when you're around them . 
Over half ( ~ 52.8% ) of the world's population worship the same God . Granted they do it a bit different from each other . But still , over half worship the God of < PROPMALE > . 
How did I get this black eye ? Fuck ! I don't remember ! 
Ugh . Hungover . Way too much vodka 
I'm pretty sure my unemployment appeal will be going through an I'll finally be able to pay rent . And put gas in my car and thus look more for work . YAY !!! 
So I asked some people at the employment office how my resume looked . They told me I had too much info and needed to trim it down . I guess I can't get a job because employers think I'm too awesome and will take their job ? I don't understand why I shouldn't put down everything I've done in the 3 jobs I've had ( including military ) . 
Kinda old new but I'm bored .... So , < PROPMALE > Mandela ended apartheid .... What the F did Obama do again ? Mother < PROPFEMALE > cared for a bunch of lepers .... What the F did Obama do ? We all know what < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. did .... What did Obama do ? I just fail to understand what is going on in the world when people are awarded for what they MIGHT do . 
Yes < PROPFIRST > Moore does Hate < PROPFEMALE > . And he is a lying piece of garbage . ( Though I've always known ) 
Finally be working again tomorrow 
First day of work was good . Got new shoes for my feetsies . Not used to this doin stuff , I'm tired . Goodnight . 
Got Eminem's new Album Recovery . So far pretty good . 
I hate when I watch a documentary that is good . Now I can't eat fast food anymore . Damn you < PROPFIRST > Spurlock !! 
Time to see how much of this wine I can drink tonight and not die . Wish me luck . Life sucks . 
I just lost THE GAME ! 
Life is pretty good these days 
Update : < PROPFEMALE>'s doing great , she's so smart . Every day is so amazing watching her grow up . \ 
Down to 245 from 270 in just a couple months . Losing 6 pounds in 24 hours from food poisoning helped a little . \ 
Working at Wal-Mart . 
Out for the first time in a long time . At legends but like noone else is . 
Soooo hammered . 
gotta love boxed wine ... Still can't sleep though . Missin my baby momma , Work at 10 , sleeping ( or trying to ) alone sucks . I'm a cuddler and I need to cuddle . :( 
Life sucks 
It's been like the sahara 
It's dry like the sahara . It's time for a monsoon dangit 
What do you do when the only woman you've ever loved becomes the one person you take at their word ? What do you do when you give everything you are to somebody and they tell you it is not enough ? 
Things are good again for me right now . 
It's like wal mart is paying me to poop . 
A posesed car ran into my car in the parking lot . So much for my good night . 
YES ! Finally a new episode of < PROPMALE > !!! 
Do as i say not as i do in full defeat . A sheriff's deputy talking on a cell while driving . 
You ever take a final where you're staring at the < PROPFEMALE > and nothing on it is making sense ? You really want to solve this problem , so that everything will be good and life will be good and then , that's it , final's over and you just failed at what was most important to you ? Sucks right ? 
So somebody liked my photography work enough to commission me to do Senior pictures ( Plus I'm cheap ) . So all I need now is a name for my \business\ " . Any ideas ? " 
Amazing night with my family . 
Working overnights . have to wait till this afternoon to play New Vegas . damn you work ethic . 
Tired . Need to go to bed . But I hate sleeping and not getting stuff I need to done . But at this point I feel like a zombie . Goodnight ... GoodDAY !! 
Debating on an iphone or android based phone from us cellular . Straght talk is done after my phone stopped working and when i called customer service it < PROPMALE > up 
Well , no iPhone for me 
Getting the samsung mesmerize . Att wouldn't give of a plan . Verizon wanted 400 Us cellular only wanted 25 
New number folks 5418923986 
OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! GREEN LANTERN !!!! 
So pennies cost 1.7 cents to make ! That's right , more than they are worth !! And we expect the government who does this to fix a jacked up economy ? Than my friends is simply insanity !! 
So who's in the DC Universe : Online Beta ??? ME !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > won't go to bed . Any ideas ? 
So I have an extra DC Universe : Online Beta Key .... Who wants it ?? 
Just had a tooth pulled . 
$3 BILLION dollars to subsidize the < PROPFEMALE > n Cotton industry . 3 .... BILLION ... DOLLARS !! Oh and because that is technically illegal per trade agreements people were mad ! Mainly Brazil so they sued us at the WTO who sided with them and < PROPFEMALE > said , \Whatever\ " so Brazil was going to tax our imports . " 
I broke 240 . YESSSS ! 
C'mon Packers . I love you !!! 
YEAAAAAAA Raji !!!!!!!!!! 
SUPERBOWL HERE WE COME !!!!!!!!!! 
Pretty sure I nailed the test today . 
Bribing the daughter with a toy ftw 
GO PACK ! 
WTF !!!!!!!!! 
Fonzi was a Packers fan . win 
Death by powerpoint 
Waiting sucks . Waiting to hear back from a job that will improve your life significantly , a life changing opportunity ..... Well , that is just brutal . 
I'm thinking of running for county commissioner again in 2012 
Worst week of work ever 
Ontario and back in one day . Almost 800 < PROPMALE > hate I come . 
Hello life : you suck 
