Everyone is starting to think that it is all Bush's fault and to stop blaming Obama . I think that we should give credit where it's due and blame Obama for where he screws up and blame Bush only for what he did instead of actions that Obama started his term with . 

Happy birthday to my little brother and Happy anniversary to Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Today is celebrations on my family tree . 
\They don't hand out medals at state because you're nice . \ " - Coach Barnett's mantra this morning as we ran and worked hard so we can have a shot to earn said medals . " 
I got a new ( to me ) phone ( thanks Daddy for giving me yours ) and a new watch for cross-country practice ( again thanks Daddy for buying it for me ) . 
Made sure to get my run in today ( late at night but done ) and so happy because my mile race was 8:19 ( season best by 7 seconds ) . 
I'm chilling at < PROPFEMALE > Garden and enjoying some tasty food . 
still feeling sick just a different sick now . Yesterday was just feeling horrible everywhere and nausea , today is stupid congestion and sneezing while feeling kinda horrible all over . 
It is happy time now because I just got new shoes for running . 
is laughing at the bells from the < PROPMALE > high . 
Come see The Skin of Our Teeth tonight at 7pm in the Fine Arts Building . 
I just discovered that Luling did Midsummer already . < PROPFEMALE > was in eighth grade so we can do it again by UIL rules but apparently we had some really good actors in that casting and failed to advance . Hoping we do better with it so we can cut off < PROPMALE>'s hair . 
I love checking the rules on contests I compete in . In CX debate it goes straight from district to state which is really cool . There is one problem , being in 2A means fewer people are likely to compete so my teammate and I need for there to be a total of at least 8 teams if we want a real < PROPMALE > to advance in CX . If only we had practice meets to go get the rounds in of practice . 
I've come to realize something . I dislike alot of people , and they know who they are too . I hate interpersonal conflicts as well . Thanks to checking my newsfeed I have discovered that I'm about to be forced to enjoy some drama in the drama club and that the list of people I dislike just got longer . 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ... Re-post if you have at least one of these friends 
