so many different opinions in the world ; it makes me sad to see so many people going to great lengths to make their voices heard , and even more so the millions of people who refuse to hear it . 

is watching ????, one of MANY dramas on my list to watch . 
suddenly realized that she knows ALOT of nurses . Hey , at least I'll be in good hands no matter WHERE I end up injuring myself next . :D 
is having a BF right now . Why is it so hard to do the easy thing sometimes ? 
got sick from stupid Cafe Express . I loved you ... why have you forsaken me oh grilled chicken and linguine goodness ? 
sighh . bad day . 
had a really interesting weekend . All in all , too short though . Monday is not welcome here . 
is thinking you know ... there's always going to be someone to put you down , someone who thinks you don't deserve what you're working hard to get . But , to that I say , keep sippin ' on that haterade , I'm in tune with my < PROPFEMALE > f-king player . 
is spending her day off cleaning and working . How sad . LOL . 
just booked the hotel for south padre . soooo excited . :3 
spent all day folding INVOICES and STATEMENTS . Don't worry < PROPFIRST > , I didn't leave you out on the fun . Check your desk when you get to work tomorrow . Love , me . 
kinda wasted the day , but that just fuels my motivation for the rest of the week . 
less than a week now . :] 
is sad to see my hunnie leave . I guess I'll just have to play my new DSi to pass the time . hehehe :D 
was trying to fight my sweet tooth by getting on facebook , only to stumble on Jing's pastry pictures . Words . Fail . Me . Must . Eat . Sweets . Na0z . 
is being really thoughtful today . On the one hand , I have a long way ahead of me ; on the the other hand , I'm alot closer than I was a year ago . 
didn't have a particularly great day , but can't shake this wonderful , happy feeling . :] 
slept in really late today . I guess I just really needed to catch up on some zzz's . :D 
Eating off the dollar menu : $1 Getting < PROPFEMALE > from Big Lots : $1 A movie with my sister : $1.50 ( JERKS ! ) Curing fiscal infarction : Priceless . 
not ready to go to bed , yet every hour I stay up is one less I get to sleep ... Internet fun or sleep ? Decisions , decisions . 
made brownies , and they are legend .... wait for it ..... DARY !!!! :D ( Amaretto Toffee Fudge Brownies with White Chocolate Glaze :D ) 
Let them say we're crazy . What do they know ? Put your arms around me baby ; Don't ever let go . Let the world around us just fall apart . Baby we can make it if we're heart to heart . And we can build this thing together , standing strong forever . Nothing's go 
is working for the weekend . Nooo ! 
YAY ! Shark week has GOT to be my third favorite tv event ! :D 
is really ready to finish school and get on with my career , leaving the 9-5 BS behind me . 
just found out that the two universities I'm looking at for my BS/teacher certification don't participate in the TEACH < PROPMALE > program . Sad day . 
decided that the birthday dinner is going to be at bdubs ( buffalo wild wings ) . :] everyone's invited !! 
weekends are TOO short . D: 
got screwed over by t-mobile AGAIN ... wtf people . seriously . 
is going to miss having wednesdays off . oh well , do what you gotta do I guess . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is the sexiest man alive . >:D 
just got back from the obligatory birthday dinner with the fam . yay free food ! :D 
thanks for the all the birthday wishes folks . it was a calm one , which is good . :] 
happy one year anniversary to the man I love . <3 I can't believe it's been that long already :] 
ugh . this was an exceptionally long week at work . made new friends , made new enemies , and mostly made new goals for myself , and the semester hasn't even started yet ! lol -__- 
thinks its criminal that companies charge ridiculous prices for class materials because we poor students have no choice but to pay whatever they want . 
everytime I get bogged down by the drama , I just gotta remember I'm not going to be here forever . 
quit my job today in a very g way . ( LOL THAT RHYMED !! ) 
feels really on edge right now . =/ 
had to explain why acceleration was negative in a freely falling body when the object had a positive initial velocity . * smacks forehead * 
just finished watching ??? ???. It was pretty good , I guess . Not a whole lot of content , though . Oh well . On to the next ! :D 
is sick of staring at my physics book . e_e 
is trying to make rum raisin cookies , but it's not really working . >.< stupid humidity !! 
not ready to go to bed because that means waking up and going to class . boo . 
I am officially hired as a LSC employee . :D 
is it sunday already ? boo . 
it's been a hard day's night , and I've been working like a dog . 
is seeing red right now . 
is starting to remember why people say I'm crazy for majoring in physics . @_@ 
had an interesting day . it was like whs reunion at pappadeaux's tonight . 
WHOOTS sugar is on the RC market today :D stock up everyone !! 
is hungry !! D: 
who all is going to the ren fest this year ? < PROPFEMALE > and i just bought our coustumes - so excited !! :D 
caught a cold . : C 
let's play beatles rock band ! who's down ? :D 
was kinda sleepy , but all that stupid coffee kicked in , and now I'm wired . o_o 
discovered MIT's physics lectures on MIT OCW , and they changed my life . :] 
had a long day ... and it's only tuesday . UGH ! 
was supposed to be working . ah the joys of facebook ! 
finally got to meet the infamous < PROPFEMALE > ; and < PROPFEMALE>'s dress came in the mail yesterday . ( Man that USPS worker must've done something exicting ..... HA HA HA ) 
WTT my desperation for a little peace of mind . 
it's really funny how two people can be so consumed with their own hurt and shame that they can't see what they're doing to the other person . sometimes \I didn't mean to\ " really isn't good enough . =/ " 
had a nice relaxing day until I suddenly realized I have a midterm to take tomorrow . Holy crap on a cracker . 
spent the night working on a new project ; whoots . :D and damn you online classes for making me take a test on saturday !! * shakes fist * 
got my dress for the ren fest today , but they left out part of it . D: let's hope it gets here before this weekend . who's down to go ? :D 
wonders why they give degrees to incompetent people , and worries for the safety of our children , LOL ! ( P.S. For all my nursing friends out there , please keep patient advocacy a priority or I will find you and kill you . LOL jk , but seriously .... I'm not kidding . ) 
:O 
YAY ! :D < PROPFEMALE>'s coming home today !! :D I can't wait . :D 
is hit by the sudden realization that this semester is halfway over . e_e 
is feeling very meg-like right now ; I got locked out of my own house because everyone else got a key but me . LOL . 
what's your favorite halloween-themed drink ? :] mine is a caramel appletini ! :D 
just made a fresh batch of tropical jello shots ! :D 
had a great night last night at the halloween party ; now off to the ren fest ! :D 
work work work then study study study . ugh . thank god I graduate in the spring . 
this is really random , but one time when I was younger I was trying to make money , but since I was 7 or so , all I could do was a little yard work here and there , and maybe some cleaning . So I made a flyer and refused to use spell check because I'm too proud for that . I ended up advertising that I'd work for minimum wedge . 
Do me a favor , anyone of you who will , and pray for my friend < PROPFIRST > . She was injured in the shootings today out in Fort Hood . 
second hilarious anecdote of the day : I was sitting in a chair eating some DELICIOUS beef jerky when my sister's cat ambles by . She climbs on the desk and tries to get in my lap , sniffing the back and looking at me expectantly . I kindly bellowed , \No can haz cheezbuger !! 1 ! \ " And she dropped her head and walked away . " 
all I can really say is RIP Jubelle . =/ 
No matter how old you get , parents can still be total buzzkills sometimes . =/ 
decided to sell a textbook so I can buy modern warfare 2 . I love where my priorities are ! :D 
IW : Some players may find one mission offensive or disturbing . Would you like the option to skip this mission ? Me : No , I will not be offended . IW : Are you sure ? If you answer yes , you will never be asked to skip this mission again . Me : Start the f-ing game already . 
is it possible to be hungover from a game ? :D 
can't wait to get home and play some mw2 !!!! AHHH ! 20 minutes feels like 20 weeks !!! D: 
\mindless cattle being shepherded into submission for the slaughter . \ " sometimes I really feel that way . " 
BOO FBOOK MONOGAMY ! 
wants to play MW2 but must do homework .... D : 
emo fbook status commencing in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... : eff you ; I don't need you or your judgements . if you don't like it , gargle my non-existant testicles . i'm my own person with my own ideas and i hate to say it , but i'm better off without you . 
is about to sip on the leftover panty-dropper punch and play some MW2 . :D 
forget I had a test due at midnight , so I open up my browser , and I get sucked into the youtube widget on iGoogle . DAMN YOU YOUTUBE AND YOUR INFINITE ENTERTAINMENT !! 
just found out her work computer has photoshop . It's only CS2 , but I'll take it . :3 
For lunch , I had a choice between McDonald's and an organic protein bar . Why on earth did I pick the protein bar ?! 
is in her own world for the next few hours . :) 
is really tired after staying up all night to watch the meteor shower , but had a blast . :) 
gravity , thou < PROPMALE > a he < PROPMALE > less bitch . 
eff ... it's the last two weeks of school . D: 6 quizzes , 5 tests , and a billion < PROPMALE > assignments due . screw you online classes and your everything-isn't-due-til-the-end system . 
the best part about working for a college ? we close at 4:30 pm today ! :D 
can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nuon later ! :D I love you , daughter !! :D ( AND YOU TOO < PROPFEMALE > !! :D ) 
I love you all , but I will not see you or daylight for that matter until after finals . Good luck everyone !! :D <3 
No matter where you go in life , always keep an eye out for < PROPFIRST > the tackling Alzheimer's patient . 
bad news : it's snowing . ugh . good news : we close at 1pm today . 
could go for some baby back ribs right now .... ya know , just throwing it out there . :P 
yay ! 1 final down , 2 to go . :D 
at work and hungry . someone bring me some chicken nuggets ! LOL 
is feeling the need to reconnect with family . Thank GOD for fbook . :D haha . 
One more final to go ! :D can I make it that far , though ? =/ lol 
HELP : I need some < PROPFEMALE>'s ( or off brand ) and some < PROPFEMALE > whiskey - anyone got a few tablespoons they can spare ? A delicious cupcake may or may not be in it for you if you do ! 
beer + halo = awesome ; beer + halo + having to drive my mom and sister to the airport at 5am = not so awesome 
no matter how much sleep I got last night , I'm still drained from finals week . time to get ready for some indiana snow ! :D 
effing lone < PROPFEMALE > college man . wtf . i'm so pissed ; apparently i'm on financial aid suspension and no one effing bothered to tell me until I called THEM . Apparently all I can do is write an appeal letter , and that takes an additional 4-6 weeks which I do not have until tuition is due . I wouldn't care except this semester is over $1k for some god awful reason . effing bureaucracy . 
still at st. < PROPMALE>'s hospital . :) my grandpa is doing good - word is they moved him to the floor ( but still haven't confirmed that ) . :D 
on my way back to texas !! god I missed your lone < PROPFEMALE > ways . stopped in AR for the night ; I'll be damned if I have to make it in one go AGAIN . 
really really glad to be back in < PROPMALE > . :) time for dollar movies with < PROPFEMALE > Richardson :D 
woke up wayyy too early for a terrible reason . D:< 
Off to bed in a few . Yes ... that's right . Early to bed , early to kill my \trainer \"...." 
is currently on the phone with effing wells fargo . this is the SECOND month in a row they screwed up my credit card < PROPMALE > , and the lady has no earthly understanding of what I'm trying to tell her . You guys screwed up , fix it before I rage . 
spent the evening with some of my besties . <3 then I ditched them all to play mw2 !! LMAO . 
Well , another year passing by . How was 2009 for me ? Loved and lost ? Check . Got addicted to xbox again ? Check . Passed by the skin of my teeth ? Check . Best friends abound ? Check . Reminded why you can leave northwoods , but northwoods never leaves you ? Check , check , checkity check . I love you all . <3 Happy new year . 
I'M HOME !! :D but I missed almost all of the Adventure Time Time marathon Dx 
galveston tonight ; it's going to be cold , but should be amazing like always . :D 
So whose dumb idea was it to walk all the way out on the jetty and stand in the path of oncoming waves ? D:< 
well , my dad's back in the hospital again with heart problems . Nothing all that < PROPMALE > , but he has been admitted to be on the safe side . At least this time it's not on my birthday :P 
The almost official word is that my dad gets home tomorrow . Yay ! :D 
really annoyed because I'm having a physics argument with someone over a friend's status . I know I shouldn't let that stuff get to me , but seriously ? I don't know what I'm talking about ? WHATTHEFUCKEVER . 
shouldn't be up this late , but can't help it . haha . 
Two things I'm trying really hard to remember right now : 1 . Hate is toxic . And 2 . What angers you controls you . 
modern warfare 2 is really the best cure-all for bad moods . :D 
has a MW2 joke and can't wait to share it . 
Okay , so I'm probably late in seeing this , but Favre's saying there probably won't be a next season for him ? NO SHIT , SHERLOCK . You're lucky I don't drive up to the Land of 1000 Lakes and make this your last season playing OR spectating . D:< /nerdrage 
some kid I know wants me to advertise his computer for sale . If you want something that probably has lots of pr0nz on it , and was probably covered in mystery liquid at some point , let me know . $800 . 
why am I still up ? D:< 
had no idea what the iPad was until today when my professor of all people mentions it . D: 
why do people insist on creating unnecessary drama ? =/ 
another wonderful day . bad things may happen , but it's all about getting your mind right . :3 
today is a great day . :D First paycheck in over a month , OG with < PROPFEMALE > Richardson and then it's off to a movie . :3 plus I know someone who's going to rape tonight on MW2 - a mood this good can only lead to total destruction .... of the enemy team . 
I almost caught my oven on fire because I accidentally used wax paper instead of parchment paper . Stop distracting me Jhon . 
when it's this cold out , I just wanna snuggle under the blanket all day with you . :3 
is in a < PROPFIRST > legend kind of mood today . :D 
Wtf . You know what . Act like a child and I'll treat you just like one . Stop with the drama , please . 
I guess doppleganger week is over now haha . I had fun finding out who I looked like , and was pleasantly surprised . How about you guys ? :D 
hates knowing that when I go into work on thursday I'm going to get yelled at . Why do you have to tell me ahead of time ?! D: 
According to urbandictionary.com, < PROPFEMALE > means : < PROPFEMALE>'s are usually cute and pretty . have a good body and are smart . they also tend to be popular and silly and like to fool around . Example : damn that girl is hot she's probably a < PROPFEMALE > . LMAO . 
just realized some professors should not be allowed anywhere near powerpoint ..... or a computer for that matter . 
got paid for fixing my mom's computer in NUGGETS and BUBBLE WRAP !! :D BEST MOM EVARRR ! 
I hope you're doing okay . I guess I'm just really worried about you ; so , let me know if I can make it better in any way . 
C'mon Steve .... We've got a diem to carpe !! XD 
suddenly feels like an idiot and out of control , lol . Funny how these emotions hit you so far after the fact . I guess in those situations you just push through it until later when you can have time to react . 
Today on RC there's free chocolate for the fans ! :D http://playfi.sh/c9ezta 
feels accomplished . :D Made a powerpoint template , did some research , and found a few potential topics for my current events speech , but I still haven't picked one . What do you guys think ? 
Super bowl time .... fixin to get me some 50 nuggets . :3 
I'm about to get disowned from my family for saying this , but WORK IT OUT SAINTS !!! GEAUX SAINTS !!! 
got a date with < PROPMALE > . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > got the same time slot as me . A DUEL WILL BE HAD !!!!! D:< 
btw , the infamous pro-life commercial was < PROPFEMALE > ambiguous that I didn't even know which one it was until I looked it up later . LOL . Eh . I'm pro-choice , but the commercial was nice . 
I'm still full from all the nuggets yesterday . LOL . 
has spent so much freaking time fighting this virus on my mom's computer that I've named it . Damien ... My name is < PROPFEMALE > Richardson . You killed my father's computer . Prepare to die . 
holy crap it's a small freaking world . Facebook makes stalking so easy now . 
RIP < PROPMALE > THE COMPUTER VIRUS FROM HELL ( Feb 3rd 2010 - Feb 8th 2010 ) . On a side note , I'm making rib-eye and green beans to celebrate . :D 
someone get me a free grand slam and bring it to work . I'm hungry and grand slam-less . D: 
MOTHER EFF . I just got switched to the new facebook . DISLIKE . 
oh noes ! my wisdom teeth are starting to grow in . Hurts so baddd . D: 
Ponder this : We all say we know better now that we're older , but what did we really learn ? To avoid making mistakes by not even trying ? To avoid getting hurt by not even taking the < PROPMALE > ? To get to the very top by betraying the trust of others ? I say we know worse . 
is wishing < PROPFEMALE > Fullum luck tomorrow - she'll be talking to students at North < PROPMALE > at noon !! GO SEE HER AND LEARN ALL ABOUT L&D NURSING !! :D 
just had some ushi sushi . BEST SUSHI EVERRR :D 
raped really hard on MW2 tonight . Mmmmm so good . :3 
got yelled at today by a girl who claims I was on the phone , therefore she was late in turning back her check-outs by a month . 
I love the line : \sometimes the only way is jumping ; I hope you're not afraid of heights . \"" 
It will never cease to amaze me how much drama can be created over one solitary facebook post . 
is watching the olympics ! HEJA SVERIGE !! :D 
thought that just maybe it'd be a good idea to order a large pizza only to find out I can only eat 3 slices .... Poor pizza going un-eaten . 
was I the only one who heard Metal Gear Solid music during Plushenko's introduction montage thing on the olympics tonight ? I swear it was Metal Gear Solid . LMAO . 
is glad to see < PROPFEMALE > Fibelkorn-Hazenin H-town again , and can't wait for dinner tonight ! :D 
DEAR < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Pham , < PROPFIRST > C . Paez , < PROPFEMALE > Fibelkorn-Hazen , Jhon < PROPFIRST > Castro .... YOU GUYS !! OG TONIGHT ?! 
Sampson Ho and < PROPFEMALE > Chan : Official Invite . :P You guys are coming too , right ?! 
YAYYY !! Sweden won gold on women's curling ! :D and USA kicked < PROPMALE > ass on men's ice hockey today in the semifinals . After the first period I couldn't tell if it was hockey or football on ice - 6 nothing half way through the first period ? UNREALL !!! LOL . 
all I have to say is f-ing taxes . FML . 
phone died while at school . sadness . D: 
So glad I don't have a PS3 right about now . So tonight when I go home , I'm going to play MW2 and rub it ALLLLLLL in Gaith's face . :P 
I hate it when people pique your curiosity about something and then refuse to tell you anymore information . It's really mean and makes me mad . I guess I'm just a busy body like that . 
decided not to waste the time off I was \given\ " yesterday - finished my entire formal outline for nazi speech class WITH references in APA format . >:3 " 
/rage : 1 . Stop complaining just because I gave you a computer that's next to people . No you cannot have the one that's by the windows because it doesn't work . It's empty for a reason . 
/rage : 2 . I'm sorry my proctor's broken hip is interfering with your ability to take a test , and Yes , I understand that you'd rather spent 20 minutes stink eyin ' me instead of using that time to drive to a testing center that's actually open . I'll be sure to let her know that her unconciousness is an insufficient reason to close the testing center . 
for the first time in a while , I woke up early enough to cook a decent breakfast and get ready for the day on my own time , not super rushed ..... it's nice , but I've discovered sleep is nicer . 
who wants to help me make 15 celestial globes ?? :D 
I know I said I was going to sleep as soon as I get home , but I feel like waiting for my sister to get home from work so we can gossip :P Plus , Hotel Dash is calling me . :3 
Lots of celebrations today no matter who you are . Pi Day , St. < PROPFEMALE>'s parade , Steak and BJ day , and most importantly : My dad's birthday . :D <3 happy birthday dad ( although thank god you're not on facebook and therefore will not see this ) 
happy birthday once again . I miss you all the same . 
SSDD ? Yeah , I guess . 
march madness has officially begun ; I've already told my boyfriend that he won't see me again until april . 
has a great day ahead of me . Maybe a little shopping , a little movie time with < PROPFEMALE > Richardson and hopefully lollicup with my man . :3 
villanova now too ? what the heck is up with this year's bracket ?! 
OMG !!! NORTHERN IOWA is in the sweet 16 ?! 
so far my predictions are coming true . west < PROPFEMALE > - keep it together ! :D 
how wrong is it that chemistry is my favorite class this year , yet speech drives me crazy ? A 6-minute speech is due the monday right after spring break ? Fml . D:< 
A preoccupation with the future not only prevents us from seeing the present as it is , but often prompts us to rearrange the past . 
So my speech teacher failed me because my cue card was yellow and not white . Never mind my awesome 6 minute speech about penicillin that was actually INTERESTING to listen to , never mind my awesome powerpoint that I jazzed up with lots of photoshop magic . Apparently yellow = fail . 
stuck at work until 9pm today . FACEBOOK TIME ! :D 
washington is out for BLOOD tonight ! So glad it's slow at work so I can watch the game ! :D 
today is such a nice day !! :D so nice , in fact , that I will actually get off facebook and/or xbox and go outside !! :D 
new maps for mw2 !! :D I cannot wait !! 
If my boss wants me to make a flyer for him , he should let me do my job instead of letting me get started , then sitting down at my computer and deleting everything I did and rewording it the way he wants it . 
can't ... wait ... to ... play ... new .... maps .... Too bad the server is already crashing from so many people . D: 
Dear 6:30 am , You really suck . 
got both good news and bad news today , so instead of freaking out about the bad news , I'm looking forward to the good . :] btw happy april fools everyone , don't get too carried away now * evil glare @ a few people in particular * 
busy day today !! my two favorite pimps ( C.J. Helweg and < PROPMALE > M . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) are joining the marines today , and I just dropped < PROPFEMALE > Fibelkorn-Hazen off at the airport . I'll miss her lots , but she needs to be with her kids ( and maybe her xbox !! ) Good friday indeed . :) 
hates that you didn't answer one of my 10 phone calls . D:< 
hates having tests on mondays D: 
Has decided that one week is hardly enough time to memorize functional groups in organic . Learned that the hard way . 
reason #45 to smile : sep's body flailing off the side of the platform in the background of the game winning killcam . XD 
UGH !! Why am I still awake ?! Dammit ! Goodnight . D:< 
is trying not to be super excited - someone just called me while I'm at work and I think it's from one of the jobs I applied for ! :3 
Interview Friday - wish me luck !! 
Boo . I got a 98 on my chem test - there goes my 100 average . 
happiest of birthdays to Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today . :D 
wants to play L4D now D: 
Interview went well . Here's hoping :D 
is sad that stuff costs so much money D: 
too much thinking and not enough time sleeping makes me crannnkkyyy . 
Best cure for a long day ? My hunneh treating me to OG !! <3 
Barring a bad background check , I have a new job !! =3 
side note : if you insist on honking at me while I'm in my parked car in a parking space , be prepared for me to do everything in my power to back out as slow as humanly possible . 18 point turn , anyone ? 
I am a pretty little girl wearing a pretty little dress ! 
One step forward , two steps back . 
Why is it every time I try to go against my own nature and be romantic and spontaneous you don't cooperate ? Lol . Fails . 
You in every sense complete me . 
About to walk out of these doors for the last time as an employee . 
is excited for today to happen ; its just the waiting that kills me . 
trapped in an apartment with no foods - just an empty chick-fil-a bag taunting me mercilessly . : C 
is finally getting a < PROPMALE > to make fajitas tonight ! omnomnomnom !! who's coming ? :D 
thought I had gotten past being a work in progress ? But , change is constant . :P 
if I could write out my own dream for the next time that I sleep , you'd be the first one that I'd see , and I the last one that you keep . The dream would go on and on will we sway against all things thrown our way . The morning light would be so rude when it came ; the sunshine and warmth to blame for announcing the end of my sweet dream . 
Oh my god that chem test raped my mind !!! 
can't sleep .... : X 
study breaks are great at first , but I'm slowly losing the willpower to actually finish studying . 
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG Portal is free on Steam right now . :D 
fell asleep really early last night , effectively crushing my dream of sleeping in today . Boo . 
People are just real jerks sometimes . 
Rachie is edumacated now ! 
Dinner tonight at mia < PROPFEMALE>'s =D can't wait to see you guys there . 
Freaking mia bella ...... way to ruin the only graduation dinner I've ever had . 
thank you so much for all the graduation wishes . :D I wish I could say that I was done , but I've still got years and years of school ahead of me . One step closer , though . 
OMG the light at kuykendahl and 1960 - you know , the new one that's supposed to help traffic flow better - is the reason I was killed by zombies . DAMMIT !! -_-;; 
Seriously , I'm going to bed . D:< I promise . I mean it this time . 
Jag vill åker till Sverige < PROPFEMALE > .... 
full-time jobs that start at 7am : facebook's archnemesis . 
Working hard sure is lonely . 
Just got some estimates on some custom garb and accessories . Why do I feel the need to waste so much money on happiness ? Oh , right . Because it's happiness . :D 
LSC STUDENTS : Just a reminder that summer registration payments are due TODAY @ 4:30 pm ! The drop list is 4,200 students ( over 50% of total registration ) long - so quite a few people haven't paid ! But that's good news if you need to register for a full class ! 
got paid $97 more than what I predicted/budgeted . AWESOME ! :D 
Holiday weekends rock .... until the last few hours . D: 
I'm trying to play a good diplomat and apologize for my mistakes , but that just means I get told twice how wrong I am . 
Power went out at work . Classes are not cancelled and I can't go home . Booooo . 
i'm sooo hungry . OH YEAHH I HAVE OG LEFTOVERS ! :D OMNOMNOMNOM 
I bought some nuggets on my way home and it cost me over $6 for a regular meal .... and I died a little inside . 
A haiku about last night : Air conditioning , broke sometime last night on us , whole family stink . 
is trying not to let the family tendancies affect our supposed vacation next week . 
whoot . 2 vacations already on the calendar for this summer . Hopefully I can add a few day trips in there somewhere . :D 
I wish there was a StumbleUpon button for my phone lol . I'm bored and lonely and SU is the best cure for that . 
My phone was lost/stolen/disintegrated so I had to go through the hassle of going 5 different places just to end up calling the customer care line . Happy ending , though - a brand new HTC HD2 is on its way to my house any day . :D 
home from surfside - slightly more colorful than I was before , but I don't think I'd call it tan ... haha . 
god i miss android technology . this HD2 is giving me a headache . 
power went off at work again . can't decide if I'm happy or sad , lol . 
DAMN YOU M . NIGHT SHYAMALAN !!!! 
Making ramen cuz I missed out on epic BBQ and my very own baked potato . * cries * 
has picked up the lost < PROPMALE > of embroidery . :D 
got a sudden inspiration to do some artwork - the kind that takes hours upon hours , but it's already almost 11pm - wayyy past my bedtime , but totally worth the caffeine buzz I'll have tomorrow . 
Worked on some SACS all day long because someone dropped a ball or two , and of course slapped the SACS in my face . But that's alright , because everyone at work tells me I'm an expert with SACS . 
it has finally come ... the day I must go to the dentist .... * cries * 
twenty minutes left ... * gulp * .... someone come hold my hand !! haha . 
Current Emotion : BLARRGSJHDHIEJLEKSLKHRFFFUUUUU . 
Just heard an advert on the radio for Step Up 3-D , and it took me a few minutes to realize that this isn't a GTA game , and that wasn't a spoof thought up purely for my entertainment . It's real , and it's really lame . 
just bought pride and prejudice and zombies . I am so psyched !! 
at work for almost 12 hours today ?! BOO . not even going to get overtime for it ?! EVEN MORE BOO . 
I'm not grown-up ; I'm something along the lines of grown-sideways or grown-diagonal . Days like today when I don't even come close to grown-up , it's more like grown-tangential . 
It is done . Now time for spaghetti-o's and lots of laziness . 
If I had some nuts on my wall , would they be walnuts ? 
watching < PROPMALE > Lopez fail over and over again at a game called Limbo . Lolz . 
is finally back on my xbox and it makes me so happy . :3 why'd I ever stop ?? Oh yeah ... Life ... >.< 
So yeah ... birthday coming up , and I haven't even thought about it ! haha . Too busy trying to make sure y'alls grades get entered in the system and what not . YOU'RE WELCOME . 
So I get my camera out to do some photography and my battery is completely dead and I can't find my charger . D: I think I just have to buy a new one . BOOOOO ! D: 
I need to stop going to bed this late ! D: 
What , you just learned how to make pancakes ? 
What , you just learned how to make pancakes , < PROPMALE > Lopez ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !! :D Now today is just missing one thing , but pretty soon that'll be fixed .... 
My paycheck lasted about 6 days . I don't know whether that's exciting or depressing . 
Not only is the laundry machine on the < PROPMALE > , but this sad situation has forced me to actually think about Monday morning on Friday while I pick out what clothes I need washed at the boyfriend's . 
AHHHHH !! Who insists we do schedule changes the week before classes begin ?!? Jerk-off Biology professors , that's who . All I know is some students are going to freaking pissed . ><; 
What the heck ?!?! I actually got something done today !! .... But I'm beginning to question whether or not it's some sort of practical joke/dream/drug-induced delusion . 
Totally did not realize that the sister I LIVE WITH is currently in another state . ( What ? I just thought she was asleep ?! ) 
Gotta love 14 hour work days . 
Just used 5th grade math to disprove Astronomy lecturer < PROPFIRST > Reneke . Booyah . 
is making Chilinus Epicus , aka Epic Chili , once again ~ ! ^^ ~ I'm in such a good mood !! 
a professor at work yelled at me for losing something when he didn't even look to see if he had it . Oh yeah , guess what ? He had it . 
NO ONE HAS ANSWERED THE ONE QUESTION I HAVE ABOUT GAGA'S MEAT DRESS !! ( HOW DID THEY KEEP HER FROM GETTING E COLI ?! ) 
Word of the day : BLARGHFLKJSJKLKSG 
Movies today with Lele and Chino was just what I needed . :) 
IT'S DRAFT NIGHT !! WHOOT !! GO PHANTOM LIMBS !!! WE ARE #0 !! XD 
I actually have a pretty solid line-up for my fantasy hockey team . Ovechkin , Hornqvist , and Ehrhoff to name a few . :3 
being bad today and playing on fbook at work 
The sign that I've officially moved in with Jhon : I'm buying Julbocken and a Dalahast . :D * hej sverige !! * :D 
FIXIN TO PLAY SOME KINECT . YEAHHHHHHH :D 
Screw you guys , okay ?! The Kinect is awesome . 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > Mesuria :D 
Two weeks off work , and spending one of them on vacay with my baby :3 NOT TO MENTION early opening of christmas gifts ( I GOT A NEW DSi ! YAYY ! ) . BEST WINTER BREAK EVARRR 
You know , I just had a thought . Together , Jhon and I now own every next gen system . * gamer geek squeal * Which really only means we have too much time and money on our hands , and are total nerds . 
is being enchanted in the land of enchantment . 
Colorado is suspiciously lacking snow . D: 
* as we are passing a deer crossing sign on the highway*\ 
Jhon : DEER !!!... \ 
Me : Where ?!?!?! \ 
Jhon : ........ picture . \ 
Me : .............. \ 
Me : bitch . 
God bless Travelocity and their top secret hotel rooms - they landed me in a swanky hotel ( The Academy Hotel right next to the Air Force Academy in Co Springs ) for $25 a night . Whoot . 
Time for bed - tomorrow it's Garden of the Gods , then off to Estes Park !! :D ( hopefully we'll have more luck with the snow there than here ) 
oh my gawdd .... so may photos to photoshop !! Dx 
It was a bumpy ride back to Texas , but we've made it thus far . Hopefully tomorrow's drive will be a cake-walk , and we'll be home in time for the Adventure Time Time Marathon !!! xD 
Blargh . Just job-hunting-proofed my fbook privacy settings . I fondly remember a time when potential employers used resumes and references instead of fbook and twitter to judge someone . 
I effing knew this would happen today . I know all in all I'm not that bad off , but I just feel really pathetic and miserable right now . 
Stupid new zodiac signs/dates . It used to be my family was a family of Pisces and < PROPFIRST > s . Now it's an Aquarius , Pisces , Cancer and < PROPFIRST > . lol . 
Got my first ticket ever today . It was just for an expired inspection , but I still cried haha . 
It's a sad , sad state of affairs when I can honestly say that thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I now know when the Super Bowl is . 
So there I was spilling my heart out to Jhon , talking about our love and everything he means to me , and he starts to stick his finger in my nose and says \I saw a bunch of hairs . \ " ................ fml . " 
DEAR LORD some people have no shame !! And we all have room to grow and mature , but some more than others , especially when those people are yelling at you in a mass message over facebook . 
I think people know exactly how to get under your skin . What is it with women and wanting to start so much drama over nothing ?? 
rick-rollin ' everyone at mcdonald's while getting my 50 piece nugget on !! 
has ????? ADD ... I've started 3 different ones in the past week . : x I can't help it if they haven't been that good lately . Whatever happened to good story writing and believable characters ? I miss watching ? ??? ??? and ????!!! 
Where would you guys go to eat right now ? I'm hungry . : x 
Made garlic bread just because it's tasty . OMNOMNOMNOM 
Dat < PROPFEMALE > Vs . Capcom 3 !! x3 ( but srsly , Galactus is a jerk ! ) 
Had a great interview yesterday ... now just waiting to hear back . Let's hope it's good news !! x3 
Got turned down for the job so I'm having a pity party of one . :3 DRAMEN TIME !! ( Dramen = K-Dramas + Ramen ) 
Started a year in pictures type project , only I'm a little late . I hope I can make it work out - I need something to keep me going besides job hunting . LOL ! 
Made some < PROPFEMALE > Car Bomb Cupcakes today ~ ! :3 Chocolate cupcakes made with a stout beer ( Buried Hatchet ) , filled with a chocolate whiskey ganache , and topped with < PROPFEMALE>'s buttercream icing . And yes .... I made it all from scratch . ( I'm so tired now e_e ) 
Grrrrrarglkjs ; kldjfm !!!!! Ezio !! Stop stealing from people when I tell you to run , thus turning the whole city of Rome against us !! I'm so sick of old ladies getting punchy ! And while we're at it , stop jumping off the side of buildings and killing yourself ! I said jump straight to the rooftop , not left off the < PROPMALE > !!! 
GAH ! Flickr is soooo addicting ! LOL :D 
Just had a blast killing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s scores on DC ! :D :3 
Just started playing Pangya again . You guys should join me ! :D 
Trying to trick my body into a new sleep pattern . It's fighting back ... hard . 
Still super lazy - extra time does not equal extra productivity . In fact , it's the exact opposite for me lately . Hopefully I start work soon , and then I can get back to feeling like a productive member of society . 
Haven't heard back about the job yet . I'm getting pessimistic about stuff . 
\We'll all float on even if things end up a bit too heavy . \ " <3 Music gods have once again made my day . :3 " 
I forgot how much I love to just sit with some headphones on and blast my music . :D One of my favorite things , definitely . 
Yay !! March Madness is here ! :D LET'S GO BOILERS ! :D 
I think I lost my phone .... that or I left it at my parents ' house this morning , which I am currently unable to verify seeing as I have no phone . Oh the irony . ( P.S. < PROPFEMALE > or Gaith if you read this , please check for me ! ) 
Dear HD2 , stop trying to get in me trouble during class with your random ringing . And stop deleting my text messages or hiding them from me . And stop freezing up anytime I have to do anything . I'm so fed up with your crap . I'm sorry , but I have to give you away now . I hope you find happiness with an owner who doesn't need to do anything with their phone ever and just wants a really expensive paperweight . 
Got in the creative mood ... I may or may not post pictures later :3 
POSEIDONNN LOOK AT ME ~ ! X3 G'night everyone . :D 
Just bought a new phone on ebay . I'm kinda apprehensive about it , but we'll see what happens ... 
I left my textbook on the back of my car at the gas station . I finally remembered it after 10 < PROPMALE > and went back to get it , discovering it in the middle of 249 . I'm pretty sure I caused a car accident or two and was inches from death , but dammit I GOT MY TEXTBOOK BACK ! 
Yayy I finally got my new phone :3 
Finally got words with friends - who wants to play ?!! :D 
BLARGHHHH 
At first I was like ~^^~ ... Then I was like o_o ... Now I'm kinda like ;.; 
Yay ! New NEW apartment with a great view , vaulted ceilings , and a fireplace :3 not to mention it's huge ! ( twss ? ) 
