Well I'm officially starting my new year freaked out !! Omg seriously ! Damn job 

Is it a full < PROPFEMALE > tonight or what good hell ..... 
Where has all my < PROPFEMALE > gone I have non at all but only with certain ppl maybe its cuz its 2am n they should b fuckin sleepin not tellin me they have 2 make a damn turkey !! 
There has to b something I can take for this overwhelming annoyance I'm feeling ! 2 nights in a row is a joke 
So between 4 ppl alone the call light have gone off 40 times in the past 2 hrs ...... 
Take me as I come cause I can't stay long ... deal with it 
really really need a day off 
don't know what to do bout the job offer in florida .. ugh !! 
Fuck 16hrs days @ work I'm exhausted just 2 and 1/2 hours left ugh !! 
I know nothing with any certainty but the site of stars makes me dream 
Is it you I want or just the notion of ?.. 
all my lil secrets I whisper oh so softly when it appears not a single soul is listening all to well 
I feel like I got hit by a damn train freakin migraines 
And the train just keeps rollin over me 
I'm just another coin in ur well and as I fall I come closer to all your past wishes which you no longer < PROPFEMALE > 
Lol Damn 49ers tattoos throwin my froove off 
Fucking exhausted 2hrs sleep and a full ass day of workin both jobs gah ! 
Shitty ass weekend once again fuck holidays 
This can't be happining ... Its not I just keep telling myself no 
Whoa I was trippen but its all good now 
Woot gettin my hair done today ! 
This sucks ass badly ... 
men talk on the phone worse than chiks blah blah fuckin blah haha 
Psh n frequently drunk an passed out , wasted effert what ev 
I'm freakin exhausted my whole body is shakin 
Why does he always have to make me feel bad , he knows when he does it to ! 
This place is gonna be the death of me I'm exhausted ! 
Its better to rott than to fade away 
I give into my pretendings , and each time you come around I fall to my knees again 
I requested time off and shit I'm still headin to work ! I'm never really gonna get a day off ! I'm exhausted and cranky 
Fuck my lawyer , fuck doctor , fuck it all ! Just keeps gettin worse , better days are far away 
God his drunk ass is disapointing !! Damn you you that's right damn you and comedy night ! 
Damn weather ! 
I need to move out of this damn town ! 
Uh ! Some dumb bitch hit my poor lil car today its all fuckered up :( 
Blah just blah is how I'm feeling right about now 
Ur just a filler of the space that happened to be free it don't mean that much to me how dare you think u could get away with tryin to play me ha 
Blah I feel like poo ! 
Oh boy just keeps gettin better .. Shit 
Pretty as a whistle , smellin like a < PROPFEMALE > and smokin like a gun 
Oh my hell worked all night still haven't slept and I have to b back in bout 5 hours wtf ! 
My baby has my heart , my baby has my mind , but tonight the sweet devil , the sweet devil has my soul 
Yay I get my car back friday it'll b all purdy again ha :) 
Coughin my brians out ! 
Holy fuck I'm so sick ! I can hardly breath and can't catch my breath its freakin me out ! 
Oh its a sad day .. I know I'm being left behind .. 
Moving to Montana first of the month ... 
Shoes ! All these damn shoes 
I can't have nothin :( 
I fuckin hate coming home 
I'm left lonely and half broken 
like an angel shot straight from hell 
Feel like ass 
Wake up n grab beer n grab rear 
Omg she's a crazy bitch ! She will b the death of me 
Ugh good hell I'm bord 
PEACE .. it does not mean to be in a place \ 
where there is no noise , trouble or hard work . It means 2b in the midst \ 
of those things n still BE CALM IN YOUR HEART 
At work again ur lucky I luv ya jelly get feelin better chika 
The colts are kickin some ass lol glad almost every room is playin the game 
Ugh I'm one sad panda Im a mess 
Should of went back to sleep but ooh no I decided to be motivated ha 
Rawr grr grr ... Psh 
Omg I want Apple pie really bad mm or pie or cake in general damn working nights ! 
Finally home ! 
DA BEARS !! Someone on this hall has to b watching the game lol 
Work last night killed me I can barely wake up I'm gettin pissed 
Wuv you bread n jelly !! 
Hate job hunting ! I need one right meow ! 
Wanna lay and watch the stars explode tonight 
I know nothing with any certainty but the sight of stars makes me dream 
I'm happy today , it feels good I keep catching myself just smiling its a good change I could get used to it 
I have a migrane brewing not good 
Gah I'm cold ! Fuzzy socks just aren't cuttin it 
Gah I fuckin luv the stars here , sitting on the porch just watching them explode . It's the simple things that get me 
The stars help me not feel so alone , they have always been there I hope they stay 
Haha there is a street called jackrabbit in Belgrade haha 
Pretty as a whistle smokin like a gun n smellin like a < PROPFEMALE > 
Wanna tell ya a lil story bout a girl named < PROPFIRST > lovely lil thing but a bit of a dreamer 
Ugh I need a good rub down . Eh Fuck it just a new body 
Am just crazy am I just blind maybe just plain lazy blah blah blah 
Mmm snapple :) 
Fuckin whatever ... 
Lol oh hours of entertainment 
All ur mental armor drags me down ... nothin hurts like ur mouth 
Lol oh man my cheeks hurt from laughing 
Lalala blah 
Hm Hm hmm ugh 
Pour some sugar on me 
Talkin to dead people ain't natural haha 
Heading to Idaho falls today 
I've got my feet on the ground and I don't go to sleep to dream 
I had to pee the last 100 < PROPMALE > it was horrible haha 
Throbbing piercing pressure building n there is no release 
Raindrops keep falling on my head < PROPFEMALE > 
Oh oh its magic 
Laying in bed n can't sleep hate that ! 
It's snowing :( 
Wtf my 4th gear keeps kickin out Fuck 
Well didn't have 4th gear for awhile , saw deer , n ram thingys n random snow fall good times 
I got a job I got a job I got a motha fuckin job yay ! 
Cut out my tongue , beat me up n luv me without my impediments 
Oh my god I am freakin the Fuck out there is some creepy ass shit goin on n I don't like it ! 
Mm I want jalapeno bites really bad ... 
Lol totally cut a cop off earlier bad ha but somehow didn't get a ticket who cuts off a cop oh wait I do 
I just can't get warm ! 
Will b in if on the 15th n 16th 
I don't feel well and I could be hungry if the thought of food wasn't neasueating , so gonna smoke now maybe it'll make it better ha 
My loathing fears is all I seem to find ... 
Dip me in chocolate and call me dessert .. i want it damn it .. lol 
I need a back rub or a good poping it hurts 
I'm having severe road rage I will fuckin hit that cock bag 
I want a new body mine sucks its always on shut down mode I need a reset button maybe .. 
Yay half an hour left of work then I get to sleep .. ha what am I talkin bout no I don't :) 
I'm overly sensitive today I've almost cried 1 too many times fuckin retarded 
Omg wtf I never ever miss work n apparently I was supposed to tonight ?! Fuckin uh 
Raining like a motha fucka 
Mm cheddar ruffles 
I live for the day I can hear you say , you make me feel like a whore 
Oh good god its too early/late to hear constant jabber 
To < PROPFEMALE > is to obtain ; to aspire is to achieve , too many of us are stuck on what we don't have , can't have or never will have . 
Just 4 more hours 
Im so ready to b snugly in my bed 
Oh good fuckin hell imma accidently burn this bitch down 
Flaming cock bag this is ridiculous 
Freakin tired gonna be lame as usual n go to bed 
Jelly !! :( 
I will pass through this moment with grace 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > deep breath ... n release . Gah its not fuckin working ! 
Ur nothing like what u try to portray ur an inconsiderate selfish worthless waste of time yet as disgusted with u as I am I don't despise u 
I only feel slight sarrow for u as I start to see ur superficial world crumbling around u exposing ur every delusional attempt to b 
Someone u could never possibly be ... 
< PROPFEMALE > la hmmm I'm hungry ... 
Oh adventure time 
It's a shame she had to die that way .... 
I must b reminded not to pick up extra shifts I hate when I do that ugh 
I need some serious help staying awake ! 4 more hours idk If imma make it 
Oh midnight angel won't u say you will .... 
Oh how I luv ur sweet warmth as I feel u hit my lips n flow down my throat coffee u keep me goin all night 
Oh Fuck that I can't handle that shit here ... 
Well I have officially lost my damn drivers license 
Seriously can't u just once tell me something positive gah .... 
Partially getting stuck in bozeman sux so to make it better I'm makin cookies ! 
If luv is aces give me the < PROPFIRST > 
Gotta luv the smell of perm solution and urine such a lovely lingering aroma .. I puke 
Oh freakin headache still 
Ah well that dude gave me a worse headache ugh ha 
I'm the happiest fat kid right now freakin chocolate cheese cake mmm 
Bahaha oh boy I just got told from a 105 year old lady that I'm better than a cowboy !! Haha oh made my night 
Too much time n not enough to do ...... 
Oh if tonight keeps goin the way it does I'm fuckin callin in tomorrow Fuck this 
I'm exhausted , head hurts bodys giving out n whose gonna help me oh ya no one 
Hmm .... :( 
I don't like today at all .... teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life , teach me courage like the tree which stands all alone 
My phone is being a pile of shit n won't let me open any of my text messages sorry 
Wtf according to the dude @ Verizon my phone could b under attack from some nasty lil bug as he put it whole damn phone needs wiped out I can't have nothin lol 
Oh snap I think I tricked my phone yay hopefully that will work :) 
Damn it for the past two days now my right eyelid has had a serious case of terets I swear ha 
Well despite being stuck in my driveway all day its been productive hopefully tomorrow I can get out ha 
Bad weather always looks worse through a window 
Change you FB profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal : not to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . :) 
Wherever you go , no matter the weather , always bring ur own sunshine 
Snowflakes are like kisses from the sky 
Hmm I'm feeling kinda lonely .. don't know why , I shouldn't but I do 
When advise falls like snow soft n steady it is dwelled apon and sinks into the mind . I need the snow to fall tonight 
Today will be a good day too bad after work it'll start with working out ha better drink some coffee :) 
Coffee isn't even saving me tonight 
Exhausted ... very 
U r not special . Ur not a beautiful unuiqe snowflake , ur the same decaying organic matter as the rest of us . 
Take me- I am the drug , take me- Im the hallucinagen .... 
Everything is a miracle , it is a miracle one does not dissolve in the tube like a lump of sugar 
The first man to compare a woman's cheeks 2a < PROPFEMALE > was obviously a poet , the 1st man to repeat it was possibly an idiot ... 
There are somedays I think I'm gonna die from an overdose of satisfaction .. 
I swear if one of these lil ol ladies makes me eat 1 more cookie or piece of < PROPFEMALE > Imma hurl 
Happiness ? That's nothing more than health and a bad memory ... 
Oh happy day Apple pie ! 
The hippy hippy shake 
It saddens me that even in her sleep she cries ... she's so sad , when she's awake I try to make her smile even if its just for a moment ... :( 
Idaho falls here I come 
Roads were terrible but didn't mind driving so much 
You dont dwell on ur past , and today is always a good day , so why do u constantly pave ur future with every possible doom that may or may not occur 
< PROPFEMALE > many ppl to see and not nearly enough time :( 
Well guess I'm staying till Wednesday 
Had breakfast with a good friend this morning , saw my smiley friend in Wal-Mart n spending time with my jelly its been a good day . Oh n new tires :) 
Good day , good night/morning saw a lot of good ppl :) I'm alright with this trip . Back home in the morning n that'll b good too 
Yay super soft pajamas ! 
This cough of mine is gonna wake up the whole damn facility ha eh 
Don't b sad < PROPMALE > this will b the last Christmas you'll have to spend with the marines smile you'll be home soon :) 
Christmas present to myself when I get off work in 2hrs .. sleep yes ! I luv sleep it sounds amazing right now 
Uh I should probably start eating when I get off work before I go to bed I might not wake up feeling sick lol 
Have a heart that never hardens , a temper that never tires , \ 
a touch that never hurts . 
Ugh its my Friday just figures shit gonna hit the fan all night .... literally ...... 5 more hours 
Ahhh hiccups for the past 20mins is getting a lil ridiculous ! 
Buzz before noon that's one way to stay awake after work 
FountainDew ..... 
Eh nothin like a 90+ year old lady creepin around the corner in the dark f*in hallway to make u slightly pee ur damn pants fuh !! 
Hellz yes its my Friday :D 
Hmm . :/ 
Oh oh its magic ....... blah 
I put my heart and my soul into my work , and have lost my mind in the process . 
Rain really .. odd but I like it 
Yay bout an hour n ill b home all snuggled up in bed for a minute :) 
Will u lay with me n watch the stars just explode in the night sky 
I swear if these ppl get bombed again on a night I'm winking I'm not even coming in 
so not worth it , so Eat shit n slip on the ice u < PROPMALE > lickin cock bag 
Oh and today ... Imma shoot for a good day nice n calm .. haha what am I talkin bout my days are only calm when I don't want them to be weird how that works ha 
Hmph awake n bord need somethin to do this week so I'm not chilling alone 
Poor < PROPMALE > :( just can't have nothin 
Heading into Idaho falls in the morning :) 
Oh fuck migrane vomiting n I can't even call in fuck this 
Anyone have any ways to get rid of a migrane :( 
Resident : \ I dreamt I was eating the worlds biggest marshmellow .. n now I can't find my pillow ? \ " Me : snort followed by lots of giggling from me n her haha " 
Hm almost get in a head on with a semi yesterday n fly off the road into a field today I'm destined to b injured this trip 
Last night in town hope it doesn't start snowing too much 
Hmm ..... 
I'm exhausted but so glad to b home 
Who says pain has to hurt 
I need motivation to go to work ugh 
Oomph is what I need 
Baha oh man someone labeled one of the juice pitchers as Orange drank !!! Wtf oh man 
3more hours .... ugh 
Some Of the shit I do sometimes good hell I need to go to bed .... ha 
I wanna dance with you 
Hmph one more night ....... one is the loneliest number oh one 
Imma news more coffee ..... 
Crash N burn bam bam 
Its easy once u know how its done u cant stop now its already begun u feel it running through ur bones n u jerk it out ya jerk it out 
I just wanna live fast n die happy no shame in that so take me as I come cuz I wont stay long 
Take it all or leave me alone , I've been stuck in the middle far too long 
Wasting time ooh waisting time 
If I could just walk out on this piece of shit job I would .. ignorant pricks 
Yay got to tattoo today :) 
Hm .... just hm 
I wanna barf 
Oh take me as I come cuz I wont stay long , gotta keep movin on 
Ah sad day da bears lost ! 
Idk what it is that u do but u do it well .. I'm begging u for mercy 
U made me want u , u made me need u , u made me tumble n fall I've bandaged my own scrapes n I'm on my way now 
I can't stop now this is where I'm gonna make all my really good mistakes 
Fighting the sleep .... just 4hrs left .... 
Oh good hell I'm sooo lame ... I don't wanna go to my crappy job blah 
At this rate I just may start smoking again fuh 
Damn forgot my phone charger lame ...... 
Haha good thing I know to stand to the side of a dude when he's sitting on the toilet I coulda just got wizzed on 
U can do anything but don't treat me bad 
Oh no I'm in the red zone :( 
Just 2 more hours eh but my phones still goin like a champ been in the red for atleast 3hrs ha 
35 mins ! 
Hmmm very generic room ... nothin in here but some folding chairs ...... smells like paint with a hint of the dog groomer ... 
The hunt continues .... hopefully this hunt wont take me a month .... 
Its 5am n I'm actually hungry as hell weird .. so what's for breakfast ? 
Excited for in the morning I'm feeling very motivated to get this ball rolling changing things for the better :) 
I wanna b caught up in ur touch just to feel the rush 
Woot today's my weekend who wants to play ? I do I do :) 
Hmph just Hmph :/ 
Well I officially just got fired ... 
Ouch ... 
U can do anything , but just don't treat me bad .... 
Oh good hell .... 
Bang bang I am the warrior 
Blah blah wish there was some sort of blah blah goin on 
No wonder I'm basically a mute ..... 
Wow ... again ... such an idiot 
I'm lonely by ur side , I no longer feel my life n I have no where left to hide 
Why did I fucking come here ....... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone you all pretty much kick ass 
Taking my mom to get her hair done this should b interesting 
Going out tonight always a good time 
Damn 5am huh were did time go ?? 
Score I feel tip top this morning again tonight maybe 
Wow talk bout really uncomfortable ..... 
La la I have a feeling tonight is gonna b good :) 
Oh perspective viewing goggles on ha damn u look like shit I should wear these more often 
I'm not ur night and shining armour baby 
Heading back tomorrow 
I feel like my insides are ripping out . eh .. hurl 
Positive thoughts she will not piss me off my last 4 hours here ... she will not piss me off . She will .. eh 
Oh misery tell me why u make a fool of me 
Fuck its freezing 
Hmph .... so done job hunting .... goin down in flames is whats ahead of me 
Just the mere thought of it makes my stomach turn 
Mouthful of diamonds n a pocket full of secrets 
Haven't eaten all day n I've totally got a chicken sandwich just waiting to b eaten right next to me 
< PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > I wuv u guys :) 
Lol ! 
Blah shit its like 3 am n I'm awake damn working night shift for so long 
Aw shit my sun roof is cracked n its < PROPFEMALE > n cold outside I ain't goin back out there haha eh 
I need to eat so I can play tonight :( 
Good night this lush is done for now 
Uh go back to sleep ! Prob not gonna happen 
Oh im pretty much obnoxious :) 
This fuckin wind I feel like the house is gonna fly away 
Bahahaha .... 
Food .... 
Eh I don't wanna drive to Idaho tomorrow blah 
Sleeping a lot lately guess I'm just tired but I've got too much to do no more of this sleeping madness 
Here comes the rain again fallin on my head like a memory 
I have a very unsettling feeling ... 
Oh court how I hate that ur sooo dragged out ... u < PROPFEMALE > 
Yay courts all done n ova with ! Let's get drunk n go out driving haha eh 
O how I luv when I stand up too fast n get that crazy black situation for a sec but still try to walk Psh 
All I wanna do is get some sleep I gotta feelin I'm not the only one .. I have terrible songs stuck in my head 
I just need to make the phone call just make it ...... 
U got my head spinnin go on baby don't stop don't u wanna feel it don't u wanna stare at gold 
Blah blah blah hmmm oh today .... 
Today ..... is gonna b interesting to say the least 
Spring time why must u tease me in these cruel ways .. 
Pretty much makin a drink 
Oh good lord Imma sleep all day tomorrow 
For fuck oh boy 
Hm go out or stay home ... hmmm 
Lol weird my horoscope told me not to clean my house today cuz I may need some help from someone that's out for the day lol 
I want to relax in warm water 
Gah I should do laundry ... but just not now well maybe eh fine ill do my laundry .. in the morning 
Couldn't sleep for nothin last night n I feel crumby today 
Motivation has completely escaped me must find it again my day isn't even close to over 
Pretty women go walkin with gorillaz down my road ... 
For fuck its only 8:20 Gah 
Guess Imma drink my night away n clean whooohoo Psh 
Blah blah blah 
Mmm I want ice cream damn ! 
This waking up every hour thing sucks ! 
We are the architects of the body we inhabit 
All I can hear is some very intense fuckin plane noises outside very obnoxious to say the least .... 
Hmm headache please go away 
Oh what to do what to do 
Sooo cold Gah my car should just b instantly warm 
Mmm food 
Back rub ? PLEASE :( 
Blah blah blah bord ! 
So restless ..... 
Today the sweet devil has my soul 
I should really go to bed ! 
Hm never knew a sneeze could hurt my back like that .. damn sneezing is gettin dangerous 
Hmmm I'm hungry ... 
Ah ha ! Hmmm .... way to early to even b partially awake 0625 hmmm 
Oh la la la hmmm 
Snuggly ... good thing I've got cozy warm blankets 
I take it slow like < PROPFEMALE > 
Gah totally passed out on the couch last night not comfy at all ! Lol 
Just make me over , im not all I wanna be ... 
Taking life as it comes straight no chaser 
Cut out my tounge n luv me without my impediments , in a world on a fish hook I am the wave ... 
Yay sleepin in 
Run away .... lost my mind .. id like y to stay ... b my prize 
Well I'm done cleaning guess ill start drinkin .... 
a word that starts with Q ... QUAIL ! 
It's pretty bad when even my horoscopes tells me I'm broke as fuck ... it just may b one of those times were this whole month is gonna b against me 
I wanna play today 
Outside sucks right bout now ! 
My knee is makin me not wanna get up at all , much to do today tho .... 
All my secrets I whisper softly when it appears no one is listening all too well , like a coin tossed in a well with the hopes of being herd as it spirals down past many other whispered secret hopes ... 
This fat kid is super hungry ! 
So ready to curl up in a big warm blanket its just a bit chilly :( 
I wanna do bad things with you , I wanna do real bad things with you 
Mmm sushi :) 
Wow fuckin lame its not even 9 yet eh .... 
Been sleepin so bad lately I'm up atleast every hour :/ 
Got my winter gear on tonight .... 
It's gonna be a cold one .... 
Frog legs totally stoked bout this 
Uh the only thing left after my migrane is dull throbbing n one exhausted body .... 
Im stressed up to my eyeballs ..... 
my phone officially on its way to damn idaho ..... wont be able to get a hold of me cuz well im not in idaho .. ugh ! 
The wind :( 
SO BORD ! 
Damn this month is goin by just a lil too fast 
Hmm wow early n dark .... lame .. Hm I wanna jog this morning think I just may 
Rain drops keep fallin on my head 
Hm this neck cramp of mine is a very unnecessary annoyance occasionally I would like to take a gander at the right side of the room without Sharp pain thank you 
Just like < PROPMALE > N < PROPFEMALE > 
I have lost all track of time today lol 
Oh oh oh its magic .... that damn lil jingle is always stuck in my head 
Ha its defiantly been a cleaning day :) 
Damn back to laundry .... 
Well ain't that a bitch I just can't have nothin nothin I'm tellin ya lol 
Damn snow another day at home lame ! 
Lalala la 
Blah ! 
Yawn .... ZzZz 
Hmmm ice cream ..... 
Im feeling the need to read a good book ... any suggestions ?? 
This fat kid wants a milkshake .... mmm 
Food .... I need food eh 
Defiantly gonna b a badass day for a snow fight Woot !! 
Hmmm chips n salsa ... yep pretty much 
It's gonna b a good day I woke up laughing .... 
Oh my god like gag me with a spoon .... lol some people 
Yay sleep time :) 
Hmmm earlyness ... blah 
< PROPFEMALE > motha fuckin BAM 
Yay gettin my hair done 
Shalala la la laaaa HMMM damn its early 
I just wanna save you while there is still something there to save 
I dig my new wife I think I just may keep her ;) 
