At last , award goes to Risa-chan for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting ( unless it was the bibim bap ... ) 

screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps . I just want to write :( 
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them . Nice work , hippocampus :) 
take on me . 
As long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment , I'll be sound as a pound ! 
< PROPFEMALE > to her brother : why do you have a skull ? Martin : yeah , I have a skull . It's from upstairs . 
me : so he had cerebral palsy ? Carlie : yeah , you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo . 
life's a sexually transmitted disease . 
apparently , cotton-top tamarins like alien music . 
never despair , but if you do , work in despair . writing 
thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard 
okay ... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming 
is feeling pretty peppy , thanks to my < PROPMALE > caffeine 
is alive 
the gods are angry today 
is being fabulous in California 
is back .. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe 
it was hot ! it was hot . 
hump day ! 
the sky is falling 
is not like other humans sometimes 
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy 
was quite productive today :) Time for < PROPFEMALE > car bombs . 
in a moment , something poked him in an infuriatingly private place . 
I don't mean to be obnoxious , but maybe it would help if I saw more of you . 
the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car 
is floating around ... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large , spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars . 
is about 65% oxygen , 18% carbon , 10% hydrogen , 3% nitrogen , 1.5% calcium , 1% phosphorus , 0.35% potassium , 0.25% sulfur , 0.15% sodium , 0.05% magnesium , and 0.70% copper , zinc , iron , and caffeine . 
loves these new , extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain 
sometimes when life sucks , you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back . 
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso 
is putting all her eggs in one basket , counting her chickens before they are hatched , and pausing to inspect the < PROPFEMALE > and shape of a gift horse's incisors . 
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music 
aquarium date night ? ooh la la 
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages 
haha .. I kick ass at dirty scrabble 
loses every time . 
is going to try working out drunk . 
come on , scratch my back . It'll be a funky adventure . 
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night . what's the symbolic meaning there ? 
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy . 
just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes !! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than < PROPMALE > . 
today was a highly venomous day ... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads . 
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious . 
ravenous black holes , ripples in the space-time continuum , intersex bass taking over US rivers , expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience , the possibility of quantum memory devices ... just some of my Science Daily . Truth blows fiction out of the water ! 
hmm ... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved ? 
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking . Racing around to come up behind you again . The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older . Shorter of breath and one day closer to death . 
is headed for Boston to be with her lovers ... < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > are happy :D 
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious . It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true < PROPMALE > and true science . Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder , no longer < PROPFEMALE > , is as good as dead , and his eyes are dimmed . -Einstein 
attempting to leave my body for a bit . 
loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes . And unlike LOL Catz , I'm not inbred/illiterate . I am 68% retarded , however , but that's mostly because I drool . 
loves crazy people . ( almost as much as coffee ) . 
applying for grad school ... sucks balls . 
attempting these writing samples , a.k.a. , trying to balance on that fine line between creative nonfiction & academic journal article ... tricky business . 
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis 
well .. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an < PROPMALE > Hitchcock film ... 
some painters work with oils , some with acrylics . < PROPFEMALE > & I work with dumps . 
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :) 
at long last , resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :D 
thinks imperfections are lovely . 
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring . How beautiful . 
guess what ? fo yo birfday , instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift , you get my penis ! 
if FSU were a guinea pig , it would be < PROPMALE > . No offense , Pabs . 
once there was a way to get back home . 
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives . 
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune ... :( 
enjoys teasing barred owls . 
run < PROPMALE > , run ! ( the loggers are coming ) 
is imagining her feet buried under the cool , wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean . 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together . 
is smoking a cigar to get warm . 
headed to bed with my centipede . 
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists ... ooh baby ! 
I just realized I have the perfect brother ... he is just so wonderful in every way , AND he is a musician ! How lucky am I ? BUT ... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble ;) 
life is like a box of chocolates ... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts . 
Ahhhh !! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky ?! 
napenda < PROPFEMALE > rafiki na mvinyo na < PROPMALE > :D 
got to hold a woodcock this weekend ! Sweet like < PROPFEMALE > saliva :) 
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now ... 
can I just observe crows ? 
ahhhhh ... restless . 
come on , somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb . this is just too much . Hey guess what else ? 199 pages . Go t-t o-crank-out-one-more ... 
is designing a lovely tattoo ... yes , I realize I have a stack of papers to grade . Coffee break soon . 
just broke 200 pages :) 
is watching FEARnet with < PROPFEMALE > . Spook is in the air :) 
Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour/thunder & lightning storm ( father knows best ) ... no beavers , but lots of migrating black & < PROPFEMALE > scoters :) 
hmm .. if I were a fly , I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue . Nite , all 
Masuka : This is a deliberate insult against me and my people . Asswipe . Quinn : Who the fuck are his people ? Batista : I don't know ... little scientists , I guess . 
is about to fall out of her bed , out of her clothes , and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen . 
where oh where are my headphones ... I'm completely lost without them :( 
likes windows . They are very appealing to wandering minds . 
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :) 
when life gives you fall apples , eat them . 
is finally swimming in otter relocation details & happy as a ... pike , which is not typically preyed on by otters unless spawning ... :D 
does anyone else feel ' frustration ' in their lower spinal cord , or is my physiology whack ? 
I dare you to touch a slug . 
ah , nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music . 
accidentally rescued another animal from T&D's ... 
hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies ; < PROPFEMALE > & I gots significant data ! :) I guess monkeys DO kinda like music ... 
lend me your ear & I'll sing you a song , but you might not be able to hear it without your ear . 
< PROPFIRST > , do you like movies about gladiators ? 
I used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg , but I broke it off . 
is sipping coffee , petting a < PROPFEMALE > , listening to music , & dicking around on Fb . How's that for multitasking ? I can process chemical , acoustical , tactile , and visual stimuli simultaneously , all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis ! 
is thinking ... if I have a little > 2 yrs left to live , why am I still in frostburg ? 
if you give a moose a muffin , you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money . 
is expecting ... but doesn't know the < PROPFEMALE > daddy . 
a rolling stone gathers no moss & no income , but does get to be a rockstar . 
just experienced orthostatic hypotension . trippy . 
I think < PROPFEMALE > may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon < PROPFEMALE > trail cam bait . 
RIP little < PROPFEMALE > Rabbit . 
? ' s field biologists in the most biased , stereotypical way . 
top of the mornin to ya . 
Bene , Japanese-style raw fish , & checking the trail cam :) 
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night . seriously . and of course , for her lovely fb friends . :) 
is making CDs and making out with < PROPMALE > Hayes . 
is a female donkey that drills for a living ? 
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year , as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels . 
so Season 4 of < PROPMALE > started out crrrraaazy ! 
ugh , must finish this book by Christmas , as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far . 
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;) 
proof that soul-shattering , awe-inspiring things can evolve ? Music . 
' s right hand is really , really cold . 
I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :( 
saw several dead rainbows today :( 
when life gives you shit , grind it up , freeze-dry it , and extract the glucocorticoids . 
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way . We love you , Tuqqy . 
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today . 
growing up is weird . 
no thesis project . no hope for the future , other than a miracle . 
when everything is going wrong , it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest , smartest , naughtiest < PROPFEMALE > in the world . 
as soon as I manage to sit down and start being productive , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever ... 
always gets the studliest pets . 
CABIN FEVER . 
I'm trying , ghandi . 
wine , chocolate , & guitar = :) 
might almost like < PROPFEMALE>'s cinnamon , cardamom , & black pepper tea more than coffee ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wright , upon waking up with a slight hangover this morning : 2011 is pretty lame . 
official member of the Bohrman polar bear club ! 
Avatar makes me proud to be a biologist . 
just watched her dad and bff break pencils on their foreheads for the past hour ... her dad was wearing a pink dress , her bff is a cocky blackbelt , and my mom was learning about technology . and I don't know what I just wrote . hehehehe 
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 ( MYH16 ) ... fascinating . 
has a naughty < PROPFEMALE > . 
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree . 
last night , I learned that my little boy ( < PROPFIRST > ) loves wine as much as I do ; hence , I will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground . 
I am the fool ; the hierophant crosses me . 
making love to my lollipop , mantis-style . 
hey < PROPFIRST > , don't make it bad . Don't eat all the houseplants , chew wires , throw temper tantrums , and break out of your cage . All you need is love , little man . 
What's up , Cheese Apple ? Your warm , cheesy , buttery , and tart deliciouness ? That's what I'm talkin about ;) 
hmm , can't wait to try out this \synthetic fermented egg\ " lure ... " 
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose . in brighter news , walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today . 
the dreams are more fun . 
road trip with my boy , followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets . 
a third of a chicken of a bobcat ? Hmm .. yes , < PROPFEMALE > . 
suspects that this nightly coffee + < PROPMALE > combo isn't the best for her heart . 
' s entire day .. maybe even entire life .. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > . Go Pabs !!! If Giminez throws this one , I will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week . 
WOW . All I can say is , I was channeling < PROPFEMALE > as I watched that traumatic season finale . 
loves her sons . 
is finally gaining a fuller range of motion , while the bruises begin their journey through every putrid color of the spectrum . 
little < PROPFIRST > is your hero . 
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics ! you know you're jealous 
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today , but they only have ~ 1 hour . 
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :) 
mission for the day : find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate . 
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain , I don't have to teach any labs today ! Asante < PROPFEMALE > , rafiki yangu snow :) 
fly in vaseline :( 
didn't realize I live/go to school in Antarctica . Pretty sure Nome would be a tropical getaway right now , even with the alien abductions . 
reunited with my trom-boner & building back up my orbicularis oris ;) 
new computador !!! :D 
wow , already the dumbest day of the year again . 
note to self : do not attempt to drive 400 < PROPMALE > in a blizzard ever again . 
to the air mattress , my noisy nighttime lover . 
I need some of those shovel birds from Wonderland . 
sure missed this < PROPFIRST > kid :) 
Apollo Ohno = enough reason to watch the Olympics . 
figured out that I exhibit all the characteristics of an addict ... in regards to music ... and , so help me A&E interventionists , I really need of a new hit ! ( pun intended ) 
ullage :( 
making a molehill out of an anthill . 
I am a mountain man ! 
is uncle wALSO . 
I know I hold the power to unlock the mysteries of the universe ; the only remaining enigma is , \What is a positive plus a negative ?!? \"" 
[ The spider ] was a judge of knots because it had a habit of tying up unfortunate blue-bottles . It did not offer to assist him . 
don't eat my phone & tell me it was a banana . 
< (*) --- ( V ) <<< 
so many important professional things . 
has the weirdest , most special friends :) 
stuff's comin ' in . 
with my BFF in the land of < PROPFIRST > Clemens ... 
outlining 5 new states on my map 
is glad she made it through another day without spontaneously combusting . 
made a PERFECT over-easy egg and will probably feel cocky for the rest of the day because of it . 
who wants to play in the giant mud puddle with me ? 
my little boy is taking after me again : now he's obsessed with night walks . 
deer season has ended , and now it's annoying , screaming killdeer season . 
has a very lucky bedroom . It's crawling with ladybugs . 
' s status : critically endangered . 
is a little disappointed that we still haven't found life in outer space . 
eats the leaves of the eucalyptus tree by day and sleeps in its branches by night . 
when < PROPMALE > takes the wheel , a cat watches patiently as a spider drowns a small man , and a no-faced woman with large teats feeds an Asian snowman . 
my Beatles trombone music came !! Now I will be highly distracted for the rest of the day . 
broke 3 ribs :( 
I heard spring peepers tonight , so I had to skip merrily all the way back home . 
when I came home last night , Dad informed me that it was his turtle's first birthday , and we were having cake at 7:00 . 
Dad : I'm thinking of taking up beekeeping . Me : Aren't you allergic to bees ? Dad : Sometimes ... 
Oh , < PROPMALE > . You never return my calls ... until quarter to midnight on Easter , on the only night I go to bed before 2 AM this year . 
doesn't like ladybugs anymore . 
it's always a good day when I can successfully maneuver from my car to the house without tumbling down the < PROPFEMALE > embankment that separates the two . 
bottle-feeding a cranky black bear cub is always a wild time . 
so many dates with so many otters . 
got the most wonderful dog in the world \purring\ " at my feet :) " 
Dad : So < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin were just nobodies until they had eight kids ? Me : Yeah . Risa : They had twins and sextuplets and then they started a reality show called ' < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > Plus Eight . ' Dad , to me : Why don't you start a reality show called ' Frostburger Walks a Rabbit ? ' 
uh oh ... I just found out that \rat harnesses\ " are commercially sold . " 
I hate leaving my pup :( 
likes nice people 
wants to play tic tac toe with dead ticks . 
sometimes you think a benevolent ghost is waving its arms at you and your peril-destined train , and then it's just a Fixed Action Pattern-confused moth . 
being a gypsy again . 
today's scent is skunk essence :/ I'm going to reek all day . 
learned today that routes 33 E & US-22 in < PROPFEMALE > SUCK . 
ready for Ol ' Snaggletooth again ! 
I have the nicest little rat :) 
being a human is difficult . 
got so much poop in the mail today ! :) 
today is an extreme test of my willpower : sitting in a Border's between the cafe and the books , and therefore being enticed at all angles by the most dangerously addictive substances I know . 
half-full glasses are prone to spilling . 
just wants her best friend to get better & never be sick again ! 
how did I manage to eat an entire pack of gum in an hour ...? My GCs must be high again . 
it's almost June ... I'm below the Mason-Dixon line ... I'm wearing sweatpants and a sweatshirt , drinking hot coffee , and shivering . 
visiting Risa-chan in the hospital , then back to Frostburg for my last weekend with my Frostburg buddies ... :/ 
rice for bf ( I don't mean boyfriend ) . 
misses < PROPFEMALE > already :( 
thank god for little rodents/lagomorphs and guitar . 
I know what I'm doing tomorrow morning ... sleeping waaaaayyy in ! :D 
is going to Colorado in September ! :D 
thank you , whoever painted a red nose on the deer xing sign ... that made the turnpike a little less boring . 
what's hot , sticky , and gross ? 
in Florida , unmarried women who parachute on Sundays may be jailed . 
oh , to be a rock and not to roll ... 
taking a nap with < PROPMALE > on my new , REAL bed :) 
has the best dad in the world :) 
feels like getting some work done ... so I'm gonna lie down for a bit until the feeling passes . 
' s otters are making her very happy :) 
is happy for the simple things today , like charm and strange quark flavours . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s appendix is infected again . Good thing those smarty-pants MDs decided to leave it in her abdomen the last time it was spewing puss . 
coffee :) 
aw , The World Cup gave me a birthday treat :) 
I wish that when I drank merlot out of a white mug it didn't dribble all down the sides . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > like it though . 
I was lying out under the stars and I saw a UFO , but then I realized it was just my imagination . 
why are moles dying all over the Poconos ? 
has discovered that Hawbaker's wildcat lure doesn't wash off skin . I suppose bobcats are all I'll be attracting for a while . 
is in the Adirondacks with a creepy French girl . 
my life is so creepy :D 
& Benie Frenlot reached the highest point in NY in 2 1/2 hrs despite all the naysayers ! And we were the only ones who got a clear , 360 degree view ! :D \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , sushi , wearing skirts with hiking boots , swimming in a lightning storm , Lake Placid Indian Pale Ale & a Korean spooky movie = pretty overall satisfying day . 
is on a mosquito-killing spree amidst a sudden obsession with palmistry . 
wants to be a paleontologist and a medical examiner and study ravens , thanks to the Discovery Channel . 
I go out to pick up a quart of milk and come back to find you treating your body like an amusement park ! 
thought she kept picking strange blisters off her skin until she realized they were trout scales . 
for some reason , can't ever say no to new writing projects or asian ... food . 
is eating Curious < PROPFIRST > fruit snacks , among less important things . 
man , Seinfeld has to be the best show ever . 
first rejection letter ! Means I have , statistically speaking , 15 to go . 
I hear marching bands practicing outside my window , and that makes me happy . 
burnt eggs & microwaved plastic ... looks like cancer for breakfast again . 
pins all of her anger and hatred on those stickers they put on every single piece of fresh fruit . 
must take after < PROPFIRST > Bohrman . Twenty-four new trail cam pics to make my whole week ; one raccoon , two oblivious fishermen , and sixteen photos of nothing to ruin it . 
man , I wish I could have grown up speaking a tone language ! 
one more day with my BFF :( 
who woulda thought skunk essence would pull ahead of synthetic fermented egg ? 
sipping < PROPFIRST > , illegally downloading music , not being terribly hot ... :D 
one of those days that make me regret ever having woken up ... on the phone with Verizon for a total of 7 hours to get my internet back , which is good as I now have no phone , ever since my battery died and my occasionally vindictive rabbit chewed apart my charger cable last night , finally get online to check my email & discover another rejection letter . Nice . 
time to stop being grumpy I guess . 
has the grooviest best friend ever :) 
loves her big , sexy puppy 
forced to cook . Ew . 
okay , no more riding my bike home after donating blood . 
wow , are they actually phasing in a hot Asian guy to replace the obnoxious Progressive girl ? I may have to completely rethink my opinion of Progressive and their commercials . 
managed to ride my bike over a thumb tack , which was for some reason lying in the middle of a state park trail , puncturing my 5-day-old tube in the same week that I screwed up my knee after finally investing in new running shoes and witnessed the slow , painful death of my iPod . Guess I'll be limping around sans music for exercise for a while . 
would love it if she could walk through the lovely town of Frostburg one time without being sexually harassed multiple times . 
still hasn't gotten used to seeing \ gspot.com\ " under her profile pic ... " 
yay for fieldwork ! trail cams ! otters ! I'm pumped ! 
' s pineal gland is making a lot of melatonin right now . 
is thinking some wine would be lovely 
' s present sobriety is becoming dangerous to her health . 
oh , trail cameras ... you and me could write a bad romance . 
the last two times I washed my hair , I found leaves and sticks in it ... this time , I found a piece of a grape vine and a grape skin . 
to all you musicians out there , thank you . 
experiencing the worst sushi withdrawal I've had in a long time .. 
play time . 
< PROPFIRST > Bohrman will be happy to know I've finally embarked on finger picking . 
there are not enough creative outlets . 
apparently , < PROPFIRST > recently sold his soul to raisins . 
is scheduled to give a presentation in Colorado in less than a week ... guess it's time to book a flight . 
, maybe you were never meant for some things . 
spending time with a few of my favorite things : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , & guitar 
packing and talking to myself in the mirror a lot 
with my fellow FSU conference attendees in our cute little economy suite with a large male elk somewhere just outside and the < PROPMALE > mountains all around :) 
I'm drunk and I love you . 
good thing we didn't get back till 2 am , because this week was starting to turn me into a diurnal mammal . 
coffeeeeee I'm a slave for you . 
writing takes me so far from Frostburg , makes me so happy 
ONE WEEK till my best friend in the whole wide world comes to visit me !! :D 
anyone wanna trade back massages ? 
I've got it so bad for sushi , I have to remind myself that my favorite special rolls aren't gonna be impressed by my body spray , polished nails , minty-fresh breath , or < PROPFIRST > undergarments . I have to buy their love , and only for a night . 
it's kind of impressive how many goals I manage to fail at . 
I think it's a sign you're eating too much garlic when your sweat smells like garlic . Probably good defense against vampires , though . 
becomes obsessed with certain words and epithets sometimes , especially unpretentious science terms like copepod , mortar , and oort cloud ... so I just repeat them in my head a lot and silently appreciate them . 
if I could marry the fall , I would . 
so nice to get out hiking on a beautiful fall day like today . Now I got a date with my guitar :) 
I wish I had some food in the house ... :/ 
and in thE End , the <3 you tAkE is = to the <3 ... \ 
you mAkE . ? 
we're gonna die from Ebola and SARS . 
spooky movie time with Brid-Get and Va -- Vahness -- Vahssna -- nope , can't pronounce that . 
maybe you'll get what you wanted\ 
maybe you'll stumble upon it\ 
maybe you'll know when you see it\ 
and when you find it , you'll keep it 
looks like I stocked up on asian noodle soups just in time for a cold . 
is still trying to figure out how it is possible for the Frostburg radio stations to blow so much ... it's really a shame when Radio Disney is my least vomitous option . 
goddamn you half-Japanese boys , do it to me every time . 
rest in peace , San-Man . 
when fruit is ripe , it should be picked , so the dear deer don't get drunk . 
lovely day for field work ..., but < PROPFEMALE>'s doin her happy dance :) 
sigh . when am I going to learn my lesson that it's never wise to save all of my grading for the night before I teach lab ? also , looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue . 
has a lot of boo-boos . 
mmmmmmmmmm human shrimp . 
one of my students just sent me an email from the future . 
my party bag smells like sex & < PROPFEMALE > . 
Halloween week + field work = dress up , dress down , dress up , dress down , dress up ... 
with my fabulous family on the best , spookiest holiday ever ! :) 
Gigi : \It's like the Bohrmans are desperate for parties or something ... \"" 
loves her little planet . 
died and went to heaven , where there was all-you-can-eat sushi . 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
sometimes I feel like life is like a < PROPMALE > concerto playing over a death scene . 
is actually getting used to strange men being in her kitchen when she wakes up . 
the devil made me do it . 
is finally getting numb to rejection letters . 
drinking down coffee and music and writing , whether anyone likes it or not . 
damnit . dropped a popcorn kernel into my guitar and I can't get it out . 
finally fully understands Inception .. perhaps . And really hoping for a dream within a dream tonight . 
is glad she's not < PROPFEMALE > . 
Chan : I accidentally just < PROPFIRST > a penis on my homework . 
first one for you , BFF :\ 
a male Homo sapiens whose stomach is producing high levels of ghrelin and leptin is a male Homo sapiens whose amygdala is indirectly activating the release of epinephrine and norepinephrine , and thereby lowering the threshold for aggression . 
< PROPFEMALE > , since I only earned a slightly above average ( albeit sexually subversive ) score on the last one , I will post an additional for my first official day :\ 
\ 
The poor will's widow knows firsthand the devasting impacts of whipping . 
in light of Pinocchio , it's ironic that many celebrities who undergo rhinoplasty dare to lie about it . 
even your biggest fan can make you feel like an alien . 
can make your booty smart . 
religion is all about sects ! woot . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wright is the cat's meow . 
tall people go for longer . 
Benie Frenlot thought the Star-Bellied Sneeches couldn't see as well as she . 
is trying to decide whether it's a compliment or an insult to be called a \fox in an ugly-ass coat\ " by random drunk Frostburg people . " 
is as hungry as a seemingly benign Japanese spirit . 
< PROPMALE > is killing me , no pun intended . 
hmm .. finding otter poop might be even harder than finding love 
finished re-writing/re-formating my stupid , pain in the a$$ , c *%@- s ! *&ing , f$% ! -f*# @d resume from scratch . THAT IS WHAT I AM THANKFUL FOR . 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s , flipping through her extensive filebook of thriller/horror synopses and ratings to decide on my next fiction adventure :) 
is empathizing with unsweetened iced tea . 
is now $ 70,000 in debt and needs a sugar daddy asap . bonus points if you're a sushi chef . 
Bene ( about a student of mine who keeps asking me out in class ): you should find a way to just get rid of him , forever . I mean , I'm not saying you should kill him or anything ... 
has a date with her best friend and sushi tomorrow ! woo hoo !!!!! :D 
inspiration is a beautiful thing , especially when it follows desperation . 
yeah ... < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway sucks at acting . 
sleepy sloth . 
wonders if placebos are equally effective among atheists and believers . 
nine inch snails . 
oh mighty weather gods , please pause the snowfall for THREE HOURS so I can just do my field work . 
really , really , really loves science writing , and that is dangerous . 
hate when I get up 7 , trudge o'er unplowed streets and sidewalks to get to the science building , and discover there's a 2-hr delay . 
< PROPFIRST>'s all-time favorite activity is watching me clean up after him . 
all these books on my shelves are whispering naughty things to me . 
Coming across a footnote is like going downstairs to answer the doorbell while making love . 
Every rule has an exception . Except this one . 
is enduring punishment in various forms today . 
if there's a Hell , it surely consists of grading papers for eternity . 
flipping among < PROPFEMALE > of Green Gables , a show about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , & Little House on the Prairie at the gym : an emotional reminder that there are other hopeless dreamers , hushed writers , and fools who work their butts off for a week to gather 100 lbs of pyrite out there . 
hmm .. what is this ? the sweet , zombie-like feeling of having slept 3 hrs in order to finally finish grading everything for 149 lab FOREVER ..? mm hmm :) 
has been having problem boogers lately . 
just looked down at her pants and got an intense sushi craving . 
homeward bound , where the chickadees are departed due to erections and eruptions . 
just watched a documentary about a girl who's addicted to eating chalk . Now I kinda feel like trying a piece .. 
there's a midget deer in the yard ! 
< PROPFEMALE > brought a whole bag of Japanese mayonnaise :D 
there's a crazy Japanese sushi chef in my kitchen ! so exciting :) 
is soooooooooo happy and very satisfied :) 
is eating cookie dough and pitying this starving guy on I Shouldn't Be Alive . 
somebody's < PROPFEMALE > is getting a lump of coal in 2 days ... 
Mom : < PROPFEMALE > Versus The Martians could be our new Christmas tradition ! 
is in bed with a rat 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are attempting to release 2 rehabilitated screech owls . We have faith in Bunn . 
when nothing's going the way you want , wine . 
a well-endowed man stands spread-eagle as two babies stare in horror with bubbles between them . 
Linc gives me lots of kisses when I dance for him 
my new goal is to never be featured on Spike TV's 1000 Ways to Die . 
not very hopeful :/ 
the applications are in ... yikes . 
looks like the apocalypse is upon us .. dead fish all over Arkansas and the Chesapeake , dead red-winged black birds in AR and Louisiana , swarms of locusts in < PROPFEMALE > and Russia .. figures the end of the world come as I'm finally getting out of Frostburg . 
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart\ 
I want to recognize your beauty's not just a mask\ 
I want to exorcise the demons from your past\ 
I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin and < PROPFEMALE > Palin's Alaska camping trip on TLC ... it left me speechless for a while , but now I can say that < PROPFEMALE > actually makes me want to like Palin ... campaign strategy ? 
paint all over me 
just nearly died in an explosion . 
Dad : < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , do you want to watch ( a ) Letters to God , ( b ) Weeds in the Grass , or ( c ) Up the Stream with a Boner ? 
haulin ' wood like a sexy female lumberjack . 
life will surely turn me into a hobo before long . 
it's one one-one one-one today . 
we live not as we wish to but as we can . 
oh , it's such an awful shame that I can't make it back to Frostburg today because of the blizzard . 
Hope is a dangerous thing . Hope can drive a man mad . 
hold on to the ones you love . 
I'm so inspired and humbled by an incredibly brave , selfless , grateful , charming , and amusing person whom I've loved all my life . 
questioning life too much , overheating a simple machine . 
long , hot , quixotic shower 
like < PROPFEMALE > in the morning 
can't wait to get out of Frostburg . 
writing The Great Patchwork Thesis . 
don't die before you're dead . 
You have to go on and be crazy . Craziness is like Heaven . 
can't believe I made it to 3:30 without caffeine or a headache ! 
looks like a funky wizard 
if I was a non-human animal , which one would I be ? 
so the Tanzanians convinced me to go sledding , haha 
finding yourself an adult is sort of like waking up in an insane asylum . 
WHY WHY WHY DID I JUST WATCH THE HUMAN CENTIPEDE ??? 
Coffee and I broke up :/ 
starting Wednesday , if I am acting like a wild and crazy starving person , it's because I am subsisting off of 60-80 lemons , pepper , and < PROPFEMALE > syrup . 
woke up early , stumbled around through a debilitating caffeine headache getting fancy and preparing for lab , and then , Frostburg decided to close . 
so nervous . why did I sign up for this ? 
a quart is a lot of water ... 
Today is the first day I actually got blown over .. onto my hands and knees ... by the wind . It's a little scary out there right now . 
let's all hope < PROPFIRST > doesn't find out it's the year of the rabbit ... 
this book totally lied about how much < PROPFEMALE > syrup I would need . Cranky and missing food :( 
so I have yet to go a single night on this cleanse without having a nightmare about accidentally eating food , haha . 
would really like to be sitting on a warm , white beach under the sun , sipping on anything but lemonade , eating peanuts , & being < PROPFEMALE > . 
Day 9 is a hard woman . 
can't wait to eat ! Lots of food celebrations coming up : I'm gonna need some sushi , Thai , Chinese buffet , french fries , and pizza .. to name a few ! Anyone's welcome to join me ! 
foooooooood :) 
Enjoying my first lollipop off the cleanse :) Also , fell off the coffee bandwagon again . 
watch out for cupid's arrows flyin around today .. 
one day I'll realize my own limitations 
RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! :( < PROPFIRST > . HELLO . 
ooh oooooh ooooooooooooh full < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
Houses should not be built without at least one bathtub in them , especially not 40 degrees above the equator . I'd really love to turn this new novel , wine , cheese , & thesis avoidance into a rapturous spa experience . 
don't know if I'm supposed to teach lab or not now ... 
wow let's just see how many more times I can scald the roof of my mouth/tongue in one day . Still have a few taste buds left ... 
ummm ... where is < PROPMALE > with our toilet ? 
big problem : out of lollipops :( 
\Every man has his thorn\ " -Risa-chan " 
I've never wanted something rational . 
Oh , thanks , Frostburg . Thanks for never actually sending out the transcript you claimed to have placed in the mail on January 6th . My application deadline was only a month and a half ago . Is there any other way in which you'd like to screw me before my prison sentence is over ? 
wow .. < PROPFIRST > Sheen is off his rocker 
hope I get crabs this weekend ! 
man , I make absolutely delicious salads . Just another reason why I am a WINNER . 
all dressed up and really , really nervous for my phone interview , haha 
poor Japan :( 
new goal : keep both thesis pages and PowerPoint slides < 100 . 
my nose is very optimistic today . 
WOW . This must be my lucky day or the planets are aligned . Just dropped my bottled vanilla latte on the ground and it landed right-side-up . 
FYI , I'm < PROPFEMALE > ( kissable ) ;) 
when am I going to stop disappointing myself ? ha . 
my new goal in life : warming the hands of hobos . 
man , I wish I didn't have to defend my thesis during ADD season . 
