god i hate the internet ... i'm sitting inside the place that i hate so much ... i miss mexico ... i was free from the tyranny of the internet 

fireflies dancing beneath a bright < PROPFEMALE > filled sky in a summer field(wild faeries dancing beneath the swirling cosmos in a pale meadow ) 
!!! oh yea , i'm a time traveler , thats funny only one person is going to get that one , lol well anyway ... yea ... 
is the Voyager 
Nosferatu ... nosferatu ... 
AGRO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bollocks , thats whats on my bloody mind 
is floating on a raft made from a leaf from the world tree , yggdrasil , down a great river through the < PROPMALE > of time , into the sea of eternity ... 
* MOCHAS * oo , and * CAPANDBOLDS * 
Empty Spirals ........... 
BRAZIL ! what a trippy movie 
I need metal in my life , like an eagle needs to fly 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiIRrSM5gHo&feature=related 
Melodic Black metal from Taiwan 
strange < PROPFEMALE > to watch videos of death metal fans ripping apart the < PROPMALE > brothers with death and black metal ... 
The Nine Gates to the Kingdom of Shadows 
i painted a square at midnight on saturday , that was fuckin crazy awesome 
angry ... not in a good way ... 
god i love dali 
Dethalbum II 
yea man Heroin tripout music 
my mind's eye's subconscience is drifting listfully over a green pasture under a bright orange sky as clouds of azure and diamente stream past in speeds of fitfull chaos , the neon black < PROPFEMALE > sits alone amid the orange haze of sky , a lone bright darkness amid vibrant color . 
hey , its my birthday today 
Alas , poor Yorick 
Larks Tongues ' in Aspic 
3 > 
new music craving satisfied , Porcupine Tree , Fear of a Blank Planet 
Innsbruck ich muss dich lassen , ich far dahin < PROPFEMALE > strassen , in frem da land dahin , < PROPFEMALE > freud ist mir genomen , die ich nit weiss bekommen , wo ich im elend bin ... 
Innsbruck ich muss dich lassen , In fahr dahin mein strassen , in frem daland dahin , mein freud ist mir genommen , die ich nit weiss bekommen , wo ich im elend bin 
Cruisin ' the Ultra Zone , rockin the tye-dyes and drinking chai tea ... this is what life is about 
Out on the road , there are fireflies circling , deep in the wood where the lost souls hide , over the hill their are men returning , trying to find some piece of mind ... 
I hear the baying of the hounds in distance ! I hear them devouring ! 
< PROPFEMALE > me to the shoreline , Bury me in the sand , Walk me across the water , and Maybe you'll understand ... Once the stone you're crawling under , is lifted off your shoulder , Once the cloud that raining over your head disappears , the noise that you'll hear , is the crashing down of Hollow Years 
Excuse me everyone , i just thought i'd inform you that the world will be ending in exactly one day and fifteen minutes from now . The Vogons have decided to build a hyperspace bypass through our planet so it has to go , they are coming with they're giant yellow slab-shaped spaceships . So i advise you all to join me for a pint at the local pub ... 
Lime and limpid green the second scene , the fight between the blue you once knew . Floating down the sound resounds around the icy waters underground . Jupiter and Saturn Oberon < PROPFEMALE > and Titania . Neptune Titan stars can frighten ... you 
Hoot ! I cannae gae back too me hoos in < PROPFEMALE > Scotland ! 
Bela Lugosi's Dead White on white translucent black capes Back on the rack Bela Lugosi's dead The bats have left the < PROPFEMALE > tower The victims have been bled Red < PROPFEMALE > lines the black box Bela Lugosi's dead Undead undead undead The virginal brides file past his tomb Strewn with time's dead flowers Bereft in deathly bloom Alone in a darkened room The count Bela Logosi's dead Undead undead undead 
its in my hands , the sky so bright it's burning , its for me to decide , when flames will reach heaven tonight ! 
Words and Music ... 
I am he yes you are he yes you are me and we are all together ! see how they run like pigs from a gun see how they fly ! I'm crying ... sitting on a cornflake waiting for the < PROPFIRST > to come ! 
The familiar haze of blood-red ebony-black and metal-silver clouds my \ 
mind as I fall deeper and deeper into the wild frenzy of bestial warlust\ 
as the world explodes with the familiar howls and cries of elation that\ 
accompany this symphony of destruction 
Inspiration comes from the most unlikely places ! 
I cant wait to delete the vast majority of people from my \friends\ " list ! soon I'll only have like 50 people left and i will be in heaven ! " 
what an amazing weekend ... I love everyone who was there and I wish that we could have made those moments together last for all eternity ... Peace and Love everyone ! 
Just finished weeding out 100 people from my friends list ... sigh ... why ?! why do I have so many random uncool people added ?!!! 
FREAKING PSYCHED FOR THE NEW BLIND GUARDIAN ALBUM !!!! ITS GOING TO BE LIKE THE NEW SOMEWHERE FAR BEYOND !!! THEY EVEN HAVE A SONG ABOUT TANELORN AGAIN !!!!! 
NEW IRON MAIDEN ALBUM ! NEW BLIND GUARDIAN ALBUM ! NEW NEVERMORE ALBUM(about freakin time Nevermore ! ) ! HOLY CRAP I'M GOING TO BE SHELLING OUT SO MUCH MONEY FOR METAL !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > killed a hundred men ! With his sword he cleaved through them like < PROPMALE > through the Red Sea ! 
In the year of our Lord 1314 , Patriotic Scots starving and outnumbered , charged the field at Bannockburn . They fought like Warrior Poets , they fought like Scotsmen , and won their freedom . 
Angered that I can't find Nevermore's new album anywhere in the surrounding area !!! 
The New Nevermore album is great !!! not nearly as amazing as This Godless Endeavour but still a very awesome album ! 
Brothers and Sisters ! Our Democracy has been Hijacked !!! 
Such rapturous joy is all that fills my mind ! 
Clove cigars , sweet nectar , the Yardbird Suite , and love . What else could I ever < PROPFEMALE > from you God ? You've given me everything I could want 
Iron Maiden was the most incredible show that I've ever seen !!!!! No words exist to express how FUCKING AWESOME that show was !!!! 
O Freunde , nicht diese Töne ! \ 
Sondern laßt uns angenehmere\ 
anstimmen und freudenvollere . \ 
Freude ! 
Stay with me awhile\ 
Rise above the vile\ 
Name my final rest\ 
Poured into my chest\ 
Pledge yourself to me\ 
Never leave me be\ 
Sweat breaks on my brow\ 
Given time ends now\ 
-Mikael Akerfeldt on Harvest by Opeth 
Blackwater Park is a masterpiece of music 
And so it would itty on to the like end of the world , round and round and round , like some bolshy gigantic like chelloveck , like old Bog himself ( courtesy of the Korova Milkbar ) turning and turning and turning a vonny grahzny orange in his gigantic rookers . 
Autopsy is my new favorite Death metal band !!! 
Speak to me now and the world will crumble\ 
Open the door and the < PROPFEMALE > will fall 
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may\ 
Old time is still a-flying\ 
And the same flower that smiles today\ 
Tomorrow will be dying 
Just moved into my dorm , my room is totally rocking a Clockwork Orange poster , a Boondock Saints poster , and most importantly an IRON MAIDEN poster ! 
The Dude Abides . 
1 2 3 4 Can I get a little more ? \ 
5 6 7 8 9 10 ! I love you !!! \ 
A B C D Can I bring my friend to tea ? \ 
E F G H I J ! I love you !!! 
hey guys guess what i get to do ? meet freakin Miss < PROPFEMALE > , thats what !!! haha 
Just finished my english comp paper , and do you know what I have to say about it ? Kudos < PROPMALE > , on a job ... done ! 
... 
addicted to listening to various versions of < PROPFEMALE > Autumn's songs , Liar , and Dead is the New Alive 
Disembowel by Autopsy is my death metal song of the day 
Hammer Smashed Face !!!!!!!!! \ 
Eyes bulging from their sockets\ 
\ 
With every swing of my mallet\ 
I smash your fucking head in , until brains seep in\ 
through the cracks , blood does leak\ 
distorted beauty , catastrophe\ 
Steaming slop , splattered all over me 
contemplative and introspective tonight 
I wish that instead of doing work and writing papers I could just sit here listening to Mr. Crowley ... 
Eagerly I wished the morrow ; - vainly I had sought to borrow\ 
From my books surcease of sorrow - sorrow for the lost < PROPFEMALE > 
Deep into that darkness peering , long I stood there wondering , fearing , \ 
Doubting , dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before 
Deep into that darkness peering , long I stood there wondering , fearing , Doubting , dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before 
hey look i'm 19 now . 
My absolute favorite Sex Bob-Omb song is totally Threshold ! 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a Happy Birthday ! You all sure know how to make a guy feel loved ! 
Thanks for the Birthday Party last night guys ! I had a great time , terrific finish to the week ! 
I'm definitely in a state of Zahir 
The Blind Guardian concert was absolutely incredible , I'm so elated right now and still my hearts racing and DAMN that was a GREAT concert !!!!!!!! 
Just discovered his love for < PROPMALE > Reich's music 
so I walked like two hours to go to a comic book shop in freezing cold weather , haha I'm definitely a nerd 
KVLT 
Just finished playing a concert with my new black metal band Hexenblut ! It went really well and I'm pretty much worn out entirely !! 
I've just been inaugurated as the hipster of all hipsters . 
The Wall is such a masterpiece . No other mind could be so dark and brooding , and as genius as < PROPMALE > Waters ' . 
DANZIG !!!! 
Blasting \The Gates of Heaven\ " down the halls of my dorm . Let our hearts be by evil love chained " 
Missing a good man , dear old < PROPFIRST > Osogwin 
Blessed Be , today it's Imbolc 
bauhaus - adrenalin is taking me to the top and out to the edge 
WISH that I could be at my sister's birthday party today ! 
Had a great show tonight on Meshugina Mozoltov , and I really hope that all of the friends who have started tuning in will keep tuning in from week to week ! 
Sons of muspel gird the field\ 
Behind them Midgård burns\ 
Hrym´s horde march from Nifelheim\ 
And the Fenris wolf returns 
