http://gamecheats.coolchaser.com/topics/449-farmville-gift-links-for-maison-construction-materials 

I just want to say Thank You to all my Farmville Friends . I am grateful for all the gifts and help from everyone . I am trying to expand my chicken coop with a barn Raising I f anyone can help it would be great . Thanks Everyone < PROPFEMALE > 
To all my new Farmville neighbors I am just wondering if the gifts I sent Made it ? Alot of the gifts I was sent never made it into my gift box from the request < PROPFEMALE > . It may jjjjust be because I am at my limit or sometimes the connections between neighbors take come time to kick in 
Sorry everyone if I am a little behind with the gifts I will catch up soon 
To my farmville Friends and Neighbors Please do not send me any Stable components I have already finished , and cannot build another 
I Love you and miss you and can not believe you are gone . I cant believe that I will never see you or talk to you ever again . You were the best friend I ever had or will ever have . I will never forget you Be Fri Love st ends 
LIFE SUCKS !!!!!!! As if my best friend dying last week was not enough . Other loved ones are also sick , and everyone says stay positive . How can I ? My life is akin to one of those towersbuilt out of playing cards growing Higher and higher becomming more unstable with every new edition to the point where the slightest movement in the air will bring it all tumbling down . How many more will it take before the crash 
It really does not matter who I have in my life because in reality I am ALONE . Any one can and will leave at any time . They may choose to leave , or have no choice , and I am left behind to clean up the mess left behind . so what happens when I am not strong enough or equipped to deal with what is dropped on me ? What if I would give anything to take their place ? I guess what I am saying is SCREW EVERYONE . I AM DONE . 
I guess I am a asshole cause my friends are pasting the thing about special needs people on their status and I wont do it . well if I am an asshole so be it . I am not gonna change 4 any one unless it suits my own purposes . and if you dont like it screw you 
My Best Friend is dead . My man is gone for a while , I am alone . So I reserve the right to be an asshole . I wont apologize for Speaking my mind no matter who it offends . This May sound Antisocial and probably is but I dont give A Shit . If this bothers you then delete me from your list cause I really dont care 
I am done dealing with any fucking drama , and other peoples shit . Even if I am capable of forgiving there comes a point where enough is enough . I have no < PROPFEMALE > left for stupidity , childish games and people who turn on me for no good reason then expect me to forget everything afew hours later . If you are one of these people GO FUCK YOURSELF ! 
Wasted so many fucking years on something I wanted so much only to find out I deserve so much more . I gave up everything and ended up with nothing but a shitlosd of responsibilities dropped on me that I dont want or need . 
it's just one of those days where a XANAX or two could make everything OK actually it would take at least 3 and a few others in the mix and I would not say things would be ok but definately more interesting . 
Knows a few people with missing brain cells who ought to be thrown screaming from a helicopter , airplane , or off the TOP of something . 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK 
I FUCKING HATE YOU 
Why are some intelligent people so capable of doing things so fucking stupid that an idiot would not even do ? 
FUCK EVERYTHING 
Aparently this needs to be said to some people : This is my wall . I will write what I am feeling/thinking . IF YOU HAVE A FUCKING PROBLEM WITH THIS DONT READ IT . OR DELETE ME AS YOUR FRIEND BECAUSE I CURRENTLY DONT CARE WHAT YOU DO . 
Science makes planes fly across the ocean . Religion makes them crash into buildings . 
juuust waitin ' for the meds to kick in .... cause something needs to kick the MIGRAINE out 
Says : I'm Not Stupid , I'm Just Higher Then You Are 
is doing nothing , but not doing it well . 
If you can raed tihs tehn you hvae a srtgnae mnid , Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe 
FUCK .................................................................... 
Just got the new godsmack listening to it for the first time ...... Wish you were here ..... Miss u < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Mothers Day To All Mothers 
Has finally discovered what personality has taken over for the night it is one of the crazier one who cant shut their fuckin mouth ...... 
has given up on the silent treatment .... she's talking to herself again . 
I am actually in a good mood , and for once it has nothing to do with my meds .... Thank you ...... 
is thinking ... and that's where the trouble starts ... 
' s status is currently under construction .. Updates are pending .. Providing I can actually think of one before I die of boredom .. 
Been drinkin again ... not like me ... at least not anymore .. mostlikely 2 let something slip out that I probably shouldnt ... Bored as hell ... been dealing with bullshit for like 5 hours .. 
This is going to be long day I have only been up for 2 hours . I Still have the Migraine that started 24 hours ago and I am already Broed out of my fuckin Mind . 
I really must be fucked in the head because for 2 days all I wanted was 2 get rid of my Migraine and now im so bored Im actually kinda thinkin I want it back at least it was occupying my mind ... how messed up is that ... 
Farmville at least for tonight 
Again I am having one of those rare days where I am in such a great mood that nothing can bring me down . The computer is definitely tryin Damn hard and so are a few other things but .... Fuck Em 
is trying to clean , play a game , work on some random computer stuff , install some new programs , shop on line , listen to music , and repair 2 other computers ... A little ADD ? 
As much as Im doing and as good as a mood as I am in I am still BORED . 
Its Difficult to play farmville when no game feed shows up on my facebook except for my own stuff I never know what everyone else needs or is doing 
believes that Farmville Addiction IS a serious problem and it should be -- hold that thought I have to go harvest my crops ! 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . Repost if you are blessed enough to have at least one true friend . They will know who they are 
In a great mood , even tho my body and head feel like crap , Migraine , toothache and general malaise . Slacking off on what I need to do But for some reason None of this or anything else is able to even put a dent in the amazing happy mood Im in . 
became suddenly aware of how sad my life is when i realized that the highlight of my day was harvesting my strawberries on farm-ville ... pathetic isn't it ? \ 
I really have tried to stop playing but I need an Intervention 
has a disease it's called boredomtitis .. does anyone have a cure ? =) 
Wasted .... 
I'm not crazy , I'm normal in my own special world !!! 
wishes she had a clone , but knows she wouldn't be able to live with the bitch 
Being in a good mood always seems 2 bring out the smartass in me . Its just difficult to be a smart ass while your brain is functioning in slow motion because u are stoned off ur ass . 
is wondering if life is easier when you are totally insane ? Because I am about half way there and I want to know if I need to speed up or slow down !!! 
wishes she knew what the hell is going on inside her own danm head ... 
HEY ... I never claimed to be normal !! What fun would that be ??? 
Wants to remind you that it takes 42 muscles to frown at someone , but it only takes 4 to extend your arm and smack the fu**ing idiot in the face !!!!!! Too bad I cant just go around hitting all these people . 
I am obviously addicted , need to log off this damn facebook so I can finish my work on this damn computer and get to my night off . So Goodbye for now . 
You know that you are a little to attached to your computer and facebook when you wake up with the marks from your keyboard on the side of your face . It is really not a comfortable place to sleep . 
Ok going out now Hopefully this is the last time I am on facebook until tomorrow morning . Goodnite all . 
says , I'm not trouble I'm just a challenge to handle . 
has achieved serenity and inner peace . The recipe is 3 Xanax , 3 Vicodin , a bowl and a what was that last one ? Damn those mind altering drugs , I can't remember shit anymore ! 
Don't U luv it < PROPFEMALE > some1 is tellin U a lie & U go along with it like U R believin it but n ur head ur thinkin bout how stupid they must b 2 think ur believen it 
I think all the nights of only sleeping 3 hours is finally catching up with me I never get tired so early , and I have to get up by like 5 since I did not get any work done tonight . \ 
Goodnite everyone . 
Wishes it was one of those days where a XANAX or eight could make everything OK .. * sigh * but its NOT it would take somethin a alot fuckin stronger !!! ; ) 
Goodnite . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired I dont feel like doing anything but I have to wake up its way too early to go to sleep . 
Too tirerd to think of a status . Actually I am too tired to think at all . 
Today my inner child threw a tantrum because the voices in my head refused to share the sandbox of my mental playground . It was weird . 
.. is staring at her screen ... impatiently waiting for someone interesting to come online and entertain her .. so friggin bored .. come on .. entertain me damn it !! LOL 
I cant believe after 3 hrs of sleep I am up awake not drunk and dont have a hangover 
Happy :) 
I have decided to become EVIL ! Do you think i \ 
can pull it off ? 
Is so bored housework has became a option , OMG did i just say that housework was a option ... HELP 
is laughing ... Sure it may be manic hysterical laughter but it's laughter nonetheless :) 
The only thing I feel motivated to do today is procrastinate . 
is smiling ... life is good and green !!!! :) 
is HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY happy HAPPY !!!!! :-D :) :) :) :) :) 
Made it through the whole weekend with no computer or Facebook . Had such a great time I didnt even miss it . :) :) Too bad its over and time to go back to work . :( \ 
Still really happy and hope everyone had a great weekend . :) :) :) :) - 
ATTENTIONALL : THERE\ 
IS A WHITE GIFT BOX GOING AROUND WITH A BLUE RIBBON ON IT . ITSAYS THAT\ 
SOMEONE HAS SENT YOU A GIFT . THEY DID NOT ... IT IS AVIRUS .... DO NOT OPEN\ 
THIS GIFT ..... COPY AND PASTE SO WE CAN PROTECT OURFRIENDS 
FB FRIEND\ 
APPRECIATION DAY !!! If you have met some wonderful people on FB like I\ 
have , you know who you all are . The ones who make you smile or LOL ! The\ 
people that are happy to help you out when you need it . Before they\ 
were strangers , but now have become a great friend ! We probably will\ 
... never meet face to face but I'm sure glad we connected thru Facebook ... \ 
Re-post if you agree ! (^_^) 
Hope you all have a Great night . I know I will cause ts about time to get out of here . \ 
Goodnight everyone ? :) :) :) 
:) 
I get the day off today but only a half day off from working on the computer but at least I can work in a nice cool room with good music and noone to bother me :) 
Gonna go sit on the porch until its time to go out . Goodnight Everyone .? :) 
My internet is so slow today my computer keeps restarting , Normally I would be at the point wherer id b considering throwing the damn thing out the window but Im So happy it is hardly even bothering me . 8 ) :) 8 ) 
is just surfing the statuses for something good to say!'Cause I'm bored and being bored is boring . 
is looking for some kind of trouble to get into . I'm BORED ! 
Some people think I'm good and kind and soft and sweet and gentle ... My friend , you know I'm round the bend and absolutely mental . 
isn't a heavy drinker ........ just consistent . ;) Goodnight !!! 
Had a Great weekend . :) \ 
Too bad it had to end cause today really sucks . If today is any indication of whats to come its going to be a really bad week :( 
I never thought I would ever get the < PROPMALE > to be so happy that the bad things in my life really dont even bother me !!! :) 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most ofyou probably won't copy & paste this . But will you do it & leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week & this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra ? 
Dear diary , I am trying to clean my room , and I am going to have some tea so I get a break Yaaayyy !!!! Then I am going to clean some more while playing games and drinking some beer . LOL :) :) JK 
famous last words : hold my beer and watch this !! ;) 
I know I'm a smart-ass , but its better that than a dumb-ass ! 
If you have/had a Mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged youtight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! I love my Mom ? put this on your status if you love your Mom !!! Love U < PROPFEMALE > , even though U drive me CRAZY :) ? ? :) 
9 out of 10 voices in my head say that I am sane , but then I remember that I was taught in school to not listen to the crowd . 
Bored 
' s body is up but the brain is not awake . Large doses of caffeine are required immediately if not sooner , and preferably through an intravenous line . 
AACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ? If you're allergic to bullshit , drama , head games , liars , & fake ass people , keep this sneeze going ... 
says you don't have to be crazy to live here -- training provided ! 
Facebook is the #1 cause of procrastination . 
ACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ? If you're allergic to bullshit , drama , head games , liars , & fake ass people , keep this sneeze going ... 
you are walking while listening to your mp3 player why cant people that you dont know just take a hint and leave you the hell alone . 
is leaving soon For a weekend at Cedar Point :) :) :) Hope you all have a wonderful weekend ??? 
Cant believe i survived a whole week with no computer I really hope i never have to go through that again . 
One of the choices for relationship status should be : How the fuck should I know ? 
:( 
Takin A break fromthe farm for at least a few days . things are not so good right now , too much goin on in my head that I need to work out so i have no time to be playing games :( 
wants wings to fly away , far far away from all the disappointment , sadness , and loneliness 
Day 4 of farmville not loading , well I guess i have more time to get some work done :( 
Having a really bad week actually a bad couple months ........ but at least there is something to help ..... Shopping , Christmas shopping for the ones I Love will lift my spirits and as an added bonus im thinking an early xmas gift for myself :) 
I felt better while shopping but now that im home I feel just how I did b4 i left i think the problem is this will be my first Christmas alone of course i have my family , well some of them but its just not the same . 
Lost my phone ......... Fun always comes at a price i guess . 
Coffee :) 
Should be at work , I get ready then wait for my ride which never shows so I call and get well \you really don't need to come in today so Ill see u tomorrow\ " so I would just like to say thank you so very much for wasting my damn time . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Family and Friends . I hope you all have a wonderous night and a magical day . May all of your wishes come true . Most importantly < PROPFEMALE > your loved ones and let them know how much you care because they are the true treasures of Christmas !!!!! \ 
( Not that the presents arent fun too !! lol ) 
Time to relax and watch some movies :D 
Think its time i get a little more than 2 hrs sleep since i gotta work goodnight :) 
I feel like i have a hangover and I didnt even drink 
ok im done playin and Procrastinating time to get working so i can party tonight 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for your help . ;) 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
needs a drink or 10 
If your dad was a hard working man and is your hero , helped you NO MATTER how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad . It takes a REAL man to be a DADDY . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes , i would have said this sooner but I was on an extended birthday celebration ... Had a wonderful time even without my Fb & Fv !!! :) ?????? 
:( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
It is just one of those days where a XANAX or two could make everything OK .. .... I said the hell with it and opted for 5 , add to that natures greatest Green gift all topped off with massive quanities of espresso . The day is starting to look up :) :) 
·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ! 
FML !!!!!!!! 
Chocolate chip pancakes : Soft warm chocolatechip cookies that you can get away eating for breakfast :) 
Happy St. Pattys Day !!!!! 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Toast : Here's to You and Here's to Me ... and May we never disagree ... But if we do , the Hell with you ... and Here's to ME !! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by pandas . Pandas are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by pandas . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
???????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ? \ 
???????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????? 
PEOPLE SUCK .... I m sick to death of having to be there when the people I care about need me cause whenI need some one no one ever seems to be around so fuck all this shit cause its over 
