What now ? 

dugway sucks 
hairs all gone 
not ready for the week 
Guess who's opening for parkway ? 
october 5th :) 
I don't get it 
finally nineteen 
parkway's comin up quick , still have cheap tickets if you want to go 
parkway tomorrow !!!! 
Proud Chevy owner :) 
something's missing 
waste of time 
Just had the best pizza in my life 
tired , yet not tired 
no longer playing unrest fest :( 
dumb 
this blows hardcore chunks . like the big ones that you can't expain 
oh , sleepers new cd is pretty sweet 
i broke something 
new tires in about a week :) 
fml 
love my friends 
Can't sleep :( 
ahhhhh 
awesome !!! 
Anyone going to the show tomorrow ? 
loves the new attack attack 
New Separation is cookin'! 
Still thinkin of cuttin my hair . What do you think ? 
So , current goal ? Learn new Separation of Self on the drums . It's going to be awesome 
needs a new facebook picture 
who's bored today ? 
Haste the day's cover of meet me half way is pretty awesome 
Hair's all gone 
\Concern should drive us into action and not into depression . No man is free who cannot control himself\ " -Pythagoras " 
thank you everyone :D 
exausted , but cant sleep 
trucks fixed !!!! 
time for wheelin 
Just jumped this guy's car and he bought my coffee 
so tired , but when its time for bed no such luck 
bleh 
So bored 
a drive and 50 piece nuggets . this night was cookin 
Totally just fell out of my chair at work 
Really wish i went to bed last night 
I hate it when people break the respect line 
The broken truck strikes again 
ever feel under accomplished ? 
black ops = too many glitches 
Don't be so quick to judge when you yourself have a hard time seeing your own reflection 
Yeah , truck's muddy :) 
ahh blizzard tomorrow . great ... 
Blew out my rear end ... 
awesome day 
awesome game 
I really hope this works out 
the beast lives yet again 
so pumped right now 
having a lovely time in ogden 
pretty pumped right now 
wrecked the truck 
officially totalled 
Anybody need 35 x 12.50 bf goodrich mud terrain gen 2 tires and rims plus a spare tire ? 
Should really stop leaving his Facebook < PROPFEMALE > signed in .... People could have too much fun with this ! 
Anybody need those 35 x 12.50 rims and tires ? 
last night was awesome , thank you to everyone who showed up 
i just got told late pregnancy is like a lava lamp . it just goes up and down 
First thing you gotta do is punch your pony right in the face 
still a < PROPFIRST > :D 
so pumped to leave 
way pumped for tour . feeling a little disappointed about something else 
Drivin through boise 
Not to bad in oregon 
waiting to play in salem with my band FIRE IN THE SKIES and PARLEY 
Hello richland washington 
show in tacoma now 
back to ogden we go 
Just passed old f town 
Awesome show tonight . Thank you Ogden !!! 
i'm home 
forgot how awesome pirate fb is 
nothin like getting a ride home in a topless jeep 
just watched the movie seven . pretty sick , black man sick i mean 
good movie night ? yes 
something needs to change 
Only place to go from here is up 
tonight was good 
Gotta love a good run 
cuddle < PROPMALE > would be great 
i need my drums 
way to awake 
Boise with < PROPFIRST > Stoddard Smith and < PROPMALE > Smith is awesome 
ugh 
never really noticed how much i love the new soilwork album till recently 
really really need my drums back 
batman arkham asylum is pretty awesome . i know i'm late to the party 
yay another cb night 
Not gonna lie . Feels kinda weird not going to cb tonight 
Just saw this kid get shutdown . Amazing 
in a country mood .... strange 
Vaguebooking new favorite term 
\Breee Breeee Breeeee\ " Job for a Cowboy " 
thank you pandora for making job hunting standable 
\my flatulence is so lethal that it casts a shadow\ " thank you Buz McGrath " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is 71 today .... 
Ip man is < PROPMALE > ! 
hmmm which movie tonight ? 
thank you Elitist for being amazing 
kahn !!! 
Hall Pass AU was pretty awesome 
Hey , you should go like my good friends FIRE IN THE SKIES . Good stuff 
Tonigh was awesome thanks to < PROPFIRST > Naylor , < PROPFIRST > Pendley , < PROPFIRST > Call , Edson R Rojas , Nicolaus Samuels , and HayLee Samuels 
\Watch out for evil druids\ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Wondering what to do with the future , wondering what car to get next , wondering why people buy single whoppers when the doubles are clearly better . 
pretty excited for A DAY TO REMEMBER w/ BRING ME THE HORIZON 3/29/11 
already missing Brighton Resort 
worst songs stuck in my head . at least i have doritos 
Hairs gone 
I keep trying to do a hair flip , but it's all gone .... 
