i cant please everybody all the time so right now all i want to do is make you mine your my sweet sweet thing your my sweet sweet thing your my sweet thing on top of everything ( MxPx love song ) 

has seen hopes and dreams fade away untill the memory is that that remains 
tired need sleep ........ 
There's another world inside of me That you may never see There're secrets in this life That I can't hide Somewhere in this darkness There's a light that I can't find Maybe it's too far away ... Or maybe I'm just blind ... 
just got to SLC and missing my wife and son more than i thought i would have ..... 
sitting in a hose by my self missing the wife and our amazing son 
chillin here lonely gonna go pack soon 
missing my wife and son more now than before 
chillin in iraq ..... missin the family 
party in IRAQ !!! WOOOOOO EVERY ONE GO CRAZY !!!! 
ok so this deployment is getting gayer by the day ... now they try and tell me ooo you cant were your adidas shorts in the smokeing area !! WTF ?!?!? WHY NOT IM IN FREAKING SIDE !!!!!! 
ok so this deployment is getting gayer by the day ... now they try and tell me ooo you cant were your adidas shorts in the smokeing area !! WTF ?!?!? WHY NOT IM IN FREAKING SIDE !!!!!! and they wonder why people hate units in the army ...... 
so no change from last time i talked to you its still gay ... and to make it worse stupid joes get like 600 dollars and now the ding ding store is empty as all get out ..... but on a side note happy b-day < PROPMALE > and more importantly my baby feels better and happy 5 month day to my pride and joy < PROPMALE > . 
so i just paid 80 bucks to get the get the internet in my room and its super slow but its better then waiting in a line i guess hopefully it turns out i can use it enough to talk to my baby 
ok boys and girls let me tell you a story . So there i was in < PROPFEMALE > side Iraq then BAM out of the bluehere comes a sand storm and you all know what follows a sand storm i nIraq dont you ? thats right rain ... with that all put together well it equals raining mud ... FML 
missing the best holiday grrrrrrr 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory that pops into your head of you and me . When you are finished post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you 
\do you hold the phone when you alone imagine that it rings then hold it to you ear and wish that i was there to sing you to off to sleep be with you in your dreams thou the days that ill be gone ill be there in your dreams and in this song\ " MxPx ( great band ) " 
all i ever needed was to eat popcorn with you come on over watch the late show stay up talking until 2 todays the day your leaving and tomorrow you'll be gone your in my hart and on my mind i will bring you along everything sucks when your gone 
OMG A WAL MART IN IRAQ !?!?!?! no im just playing the devil is not here yet but I had you thinking ...... 
so i went to go and take a shower and guess what we have no water fml ..... 
so have you ever seen the show burn notice ? well i havent and there are 2 stars showing up and people are all like OOOO AHHH like i should know them .... 
Ok so im really old i just heard some music from the early 90's and i still love it lol like love you down , \remember when you drove me home from work .. i loved the way you kissed me bye\ " DON'T JUDGE ME !!!!!! " 
I am having a good day so far got to talk to my Baby and see my son for the first time in a long time spent about an hour on the skype with them :) 
Ghost city djs !!!!! ok so im old SO WHAT !!! 
Happy Turkey day everyone i hope your all having a good time i miss you baby and i know that i am not there but i hope you have the best time you can i love you ... 
is getting ready to go to the MD to see the wife and the baby boy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone im back in the jss NWS Iraq now so i hope everyone had a great time today 
happy new year everyone i hope you all are having a good time ringing in the new year 
i hate the local internet in iraq i was on skype having a good time talking to the wife and then boom internet goes to crap and now i cant even call my calling card thank you local iraq internet company you suck ..... 
GO RAVENS !!!! 
WOOT WOOT NOT EVEN 2 MINS IN THE GAME AND A TD RUN AND A SACK WITH A FUBLE RECOVERY !!!! 
brought to you in part from the NFL . END QUARTER 1 24 pts by Ravens ties for 2nd best 1st qtr in NFL postseason history . and the Pats with a big fat ZERO !!! 
and people said it could not be done well in your face !!! GO RAVENS !! 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about !! And give them big hugs 
dear nutrex , thank you for lipo 6 black and hemo rage black went to the gym the other day and feel great !! a little sore from the work out but still havent wanted to work out like that in a long time ! 
WOOT WOOT Got the internet back today we had some bad weather and nocked out internet out :P 
I hate cardio work outs ...... Grrrrrr 
just made it to my new JSS and its not to shabby ..... 
Starts college classes on the 22nd 
best work out song ever i will tell you Drop Kick Murphys shipping up to boston followed by there song dirty glass . Well to be honest most any of there songs rock to workout to ! I mean come on who doesnt want to workout to songs with lyrics like Murphy , Murphy darling dear I long for you now night and day . Your pain was my pleasure your sorrow my joy I fear now I've lost you to health and good cheer . 
OK so you all SUCK !!! no one commented on my status really ??!?!? You know you not cool if you dont comment on what i say so there for you all suck ! in the famous words of < PROPFIRST > that is all 
I started my college classes on monday and am already done with all my work . Now i just have to log in everyday and say hello to get credit for \being at class\ " i didnt think that would mater in an online class ...... " 
boys and grils try not to smash your finger with a 50lb weight not only does it hurt like hell but I might have brokeing the tip of my pinky finger and theres nothing you can really do for that . 
This is my life its not what is was before . All these feelings I’ve shared and these are my dreams that i never lived before somebody shake me cause I must be sleeping . And now that were here so far away all the struggle we thought was in vain and all the mistakes one life contained they finally start to go away 
I just want to say thank you to everyone for wishing my a happy Birthday . My son gave me the best gift he said dad for the first time when I talked to him and his mom :) 
got an A and an A- in his classes OOO yeah ! 
Baby your a big blue whale Grab the reef when all duck diving fails \ 
I swim but I wish I've never learned The water's too polluted with germs \ 
I dive deep when it's ten feet overhead Grab the reef underneath my bed 
War is a costly thing not just in financial aspect but in the physical and mental as well and the people that truly pay that cost are soldiers and there family 
I'll stick around And see how bad it gets I'll settle down And deal with old regrets You know I I adore you I can't let you go Can't let you go You're part of my soul 
well boys and girls just let me inform you that life is a bitch and then you die ..... i hope everyone has a better holiday then I 
well making the best of the days I hope everyone had a good night 
I'm lost but I'm looking for the place where I feel like I can face the day . Not just for a ? day but everyday 
If you just walked away What could I really say ? Would it matter anyway ? Would it change how you feel ? \ 
I am the mess you choose The closet you cannot close The devil in you i suppose ' Cause the wounds never heal 
I've gotta say what I've gotta say And then I swear I'll go away But I can't promise you'll enjoy the noise\ 
I guess I'll save the best for last My future seems like one big past You're left with me ' cause you left me no choice\ 
I push my fingers into my eyes It's the only thing that slowly stops the acheIf the pain goes on , I'm not gonna make it 
I'm ripped across the ditch , and settled in the dirt and I'm I wear you like a stitch , yet I'm the one who's hurt Pay attention to your twisted little indiscretions I've got no right to win , I'm just caught up all the battles 
you just refuse to bend so I keep bending till I break 
In a time of need only few can see what's wrong millions tend to crawl but only those who choose can make it through this all 
Sometimes I wish I were back in Iraq at least there I had a reason to turn everything off other than the mission at hand .. 
Oi Oi Oi already with the dumb shit ..... 
RAWR !!! 
Q : why are the angry birds so angry ? \ 
A : The pigs are hard to kill 
Happy turkey day everyone 
Back in Texas and havin an ok time ! still wanna kill some people but had a great week b4 that I love ALL MY TRUE FRIENDS !! 
I wish i was back in Bama ...... I love you all !! 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight Against Child Abuse * , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
ok ok so i got my next tattoo ..... \ 
\ 
You're the fighter you've got the fireThe spirit of a warrior , the champion's heartYou fight for your life because the fighter never quitsYou make the most of the hand you're dealtBecause the quitter never wins man thats alotta words ..... gonna hurt ... but gonna feel sooooo good ... < PROPFIRST > please help me with the artists in bama ..... 
Well everyone the ravens did what they do best again last night :*( \ 
even though there was some BS calls there ... 
Hello life you are a crazy and twisted one arnt you .... 
Blah Blah Blah .... 
Must be your skin that I'm sinkin in \ 
Must be for real cause now I can feel 
I never thought that I had anymore to give\ 
Pushing me so far\ 
Here I am without you\ 
Drink to all that we have lost\ 
Mistakes we have made\ 
Everything will change\ 
Everything will change 
And I'd give up forever to touch you\ 
' Cause I know that you feel me somehow\ 
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be\ 
And I don't want to go home right now 
All of my dreams\ 
Seem to fall by the side\ 
Like a discarded thought\ 
Or the day's fading light\ 
But I know that if I could just\ 
See you tonight\ 
FOREVER ! 
Dear SGT Horn we regret to inform you that you have PTSD , Anxiety , and Depression and we can not help you until Feb 2011 have a nice day 
So the army has done away with Don't Ask Don't Tell ....... this is gonna be strange strange days ........ 
happy new years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ...... I hope < PROPFEMALE > ryones holidays are going well !! 
\It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died . Rather we should thank god that such men lived\ " General < PROPFIRST > S . Patton Jr. " 
Why is it that there are fewer and fewer good people in the world ? and the ones you think you can trust turn around and stab you in the back ? 
just got house hold goods today OOOO YEAH !!! 
Lets go ravens !!! 
Sleep meds don't work great and depression meds Don't do much either 
Oooo yeah packers took away that ring 
I am the mess you chose the closet you can not close 
Ia life you don't live is still lost 
Don't fall just be who you are its all that we need in our life 
