Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , and to all of those who didn't ... you're on my watch list . LOVES YOU GUYS !!!!!!!! 

Random Question : Why don't ppl wash their hands when they come out of a restaurant bathroom ? EEEWWWW !!!!! 
I started school today . It was actually pretty fun 
Just got out of 10 hours of class . Waiting to go home ..... about to fall asleep at the school library computer ..... SO BORED !!!!!! 
Random question , honest answers : Would you get upset if you were dating somebody for a year and that forgot your birthday ? 
What can you do when they just can't take a hint ? 
So many faces of so many people all covered in stupid and all they wanna do is fit in . 
Dont you just hate people that get mad for no reason ? 
I've come to this conclusion ... everyone I know is INSANE !!!! @_@ 
class let out , ihop all around , went back into the classroom , no teacher to be found ! 
im so ready to get this bordem thing over with 
You know what they say : \It's all fun and games till someone gets hurt . Then after that(depending on the situation ) it's just to funny !!!! \"" 
We have to realize that life's to short to be mad all the time so smile . R.I.P < PROPFIRST > 
The semester's almost over . Now i'm feeling like a big college girl . YAY ME !!! 
just started my first day of my second semester . so far so good but my first profesor looks like House so i laugh when i look at him . 
Stupidity gets a door slammed in your face ^_^ !! 
New Kingdom Hearts game for DS .... looks a little stupid but then again everything on DS looks stupid . 
Freaknik the musical is still on of the funniest things i hve ever seen ! lol . 
You miss out on a lot when you sleep all day . 
I know people are gonna think I'm stupid but I couldn't care less what you think , but I made tuna for the first time today and it actually came out good ! Yay me !! ^_^ 
If I see that friggin < PROPFIRST > Bieber movie commercial one more time I will find AND shoot him !!!!! 
I think about my friends on a daily basis and I wonder : \HOW THE HECK DO YOU PEOPLE DEAL WITH ME !!!! \"" 
Life sucks .... and then you die and it's over . 
I saw a hippie-mobel on the way home from school today and I laughed . 
why in the heck does walmart have a thousand check out lanes and only have three open for customers ?! 
Thank you everybody who wished me happy birthday ! I love you all ! ^_^ 
Waiting for class to start . Loving my new schedule . Only two days of school is awesome !!! 
