\The true beauty of a self-inquiring sentient universe is lost on those who elect to walk the intellectually vacuous path of comfortable paranoid fantasies . \ " - Thunderf00t thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 

\Intelligence is awareness of ignorance . Stupidity is ignorance of ignorance . Think about it . \ " - cdk007 thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Find out what his dreams are - just to find out , for no other reason . Because as soon as you lay your hands on a conversation to steer it , it's not a conversation anymore ; it's a pitch . And you're not a human being ; you're a marketing rep. 
It doesn't matter whether you're selling Jesus or Buddha or civil rights or ' How to Make Money in Real Estate With No Money Down . ' That doesn't make you a human being ; it makes you a marketing rep. If you want to talk to somebody honestly , as a human being , ask him about his kids . 
I've just noticed a couple of friends with kinda weird posts about winning awesome prizes ..... seems kinda spammy and out of character and i wonder if the profile got hacked . soooooooo , if anyone notices something like that from me .. please let me know . 
LOL ! sitting at the tiki bar with my kids ! I love a family bar :-) this hotel is awesome ! 
my hair is pink and purple .... it's amusing :-) 
well , it looks like everything i do on netflix is showing up here through facebook connect . LOL sorry for bombarding home pages with movies . :-/ i do more than watch netflix LOL ... i have become OCD about learning the Faro Shuffle . might post video when i 
i'm listening to Porcupine Tree at Grooveshark.com Music LOVERS ..... every song i can think of and then some can be found here . make a playlist of your faves . who needs windows media , cds , downloads when you have this ! i put one speaker in the kitchen ... my 
LOL ! i found bracelets , mandalas , hugs and all kinds of stuff in my request box . i usually ignore most of the apps . i was getting notifications of hugs and such but didn't know how to accept them without having to look through the hundreds of other requests , apps and ads LOL 
Took my son to the doctor , was informed that this was his first visit since almost exactly a year ago today healthy kid all year long ! no coincidence on the timing . it must be seasonal allergy related . he outgrew asthma too =D a social worker from school called to ask me why he wasn't at school . This really pisses me off ! None of her business and his teacher will know tomorrow , i shoulda said but i'm too nice . 
I just got skype and i love it ! Talking to my brother in Oklahoma a lot . if i didn't want an iphone so bad , i'd just ditch cell phones altogether . anyway , my user name on skype is dblood804 
Reposting this from my daughters page : East Ridge ( GA ) Humane Society ( in Chattanooga ) is flooded and needs to place animals that have been evacuated . Call 423-664-0271 or 423-421-3681 or emailczagona@eastridgetn.org to find out how you can help . 
my feeling of intense aversion is growing exponentially and compounding daily ... i just don't know how much longer i'm gonna last :-( 
My little baby soul was not a happy infant , of course , with much to complain about , but as every parent learns , a restless baby often calms down if you take it for a ride . I had learned my squalling spirit could be soothed the same way , by motion , and so I had decided to set off on this journey into the unknown . Take my little baby soul for a ride . < PROPMALE > Peart You're the ' first baby ' you must raise .... then your children . 
I'm thankful for E V E R Y L I T T L E T H I N G ! so there's enough for every single day , not just thanksgiving , but every day of the year and i never EVER forget it . EVER . there's always , in every single moment , a reason to be grateful . 
There are no ordinary moments . There is never Nothing going on ... are you paying attention ? from the Peaceful Warrior movie .... my favorite quote my daughter < PROPFEMALE > just posted :-) 
Our greatest pretenses are built up not to hide the evil and the ugly in us , but our emptiness . The hardest thing to hide is something that is not there . < PROPFIRST > HOFFER thank you < PROPFIRST > for the quote ! 
I will accept any rules that you feel necessary to your freedom . I am free , no matter what rules surround me . If I find them tolerable , I tolerate them ; if I find them too obnoxious , I break them . I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do . R.A. Heinlein 
I'm not a slave ... and i'm on the side of anyone who is , in their emancipation . < PROPFIRST > Hitchens 
I just finished < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday .... late so now christmas present ... finally ! it's the coolest thing i've made yet . will post pictures soon as i can figure out how to block < PROPFEMALE > from seeing them . 
well , i have a ' mandatory ' christmas party for work tonight at applebee's and an optional overlapping ' mini HS reunion ' ..... what to do !? gonna have to have a glass of wine or 3 and think about it o_O 
i cut my finger at work the other day ... it is now abscessed and and full of ' staph ' ..... i am miserable . it actually kept me up all night :-( 
! @%** ! :-( the power port on my laptop is not holding the cord well enough to make a connection . no power , no charging power and a dead battery . gonna cost $295 to fix at < PROPFIRST>'s computer .. who won't even fix it but sends it to be fixed . I have ordered an external battery charger for 75 and that's the best i can do :-( for now , until i can afford repair . any tips on who can repair ? 
\Thinking outside the Box\ " has gone so mainstream and profane that i am considering thinking ' inside the box ' again .... but in and ' outside the box ' kinda way . It's less crowded in here ..... and I'm rethinking the box entirely . " 
lavender ... with pink and yellow flowers . 
thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes :-D gotta work all day :-/ so it's going to be just another typical day . 
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth . ~ Ludwig Börne 
A young man is so strong , so mad , so certain , and so lost . He has everything and he is able to use nothing . __Thomas Wolfe , Of Time and the River ~ * ~ sigh ~ * ~ waiting for young men to grow up . 
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you . ~ ~ Wayne Dyer ~ ~ I love you all like this .... even though you might play too much farmville LOL ! Happy Valentines day =) everyone . <3 <3 <3 xoxoxo <3 <3 <3 
i'm worried about the infection on my other finger that showed up at christmas . it's still there . but it's burried underneath , not boiling up and coming out . it's just insidiously there , throbbing feverishly , itchy at times . i keep thinking that i have an excellent immune system but can this , without having an outlet , go inside and destroy me with some sort of systemic staph infection in my blood system or heart ? 
i didn't get any laptop repair work done today as i had planned . the big kids took over both computers and the baby slept on the laptop ... gonna shoot for tomorrow while the bigguns are at school and the baby underfoot :-) or in lap 
I got skype as a home phone from the computer . my number is 256-344-0044 . make a note of it :-) 
I have not failed . I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Well folks , i took my laptop apart completely . soldered a new < PROPFIRST > in and put it all back together . The bad news .... still no power . Good news , the only thing i damaged along the way was i accidentally melted a screw housing that's right next to the < PROPFIRST > , no biggy . 
Laptop problem solved ! my friend < PROPMALE > came over with a meter thing .... turns out the power cord was not getting any juice ! the power < PROPFIRST > was slightly loose and tend to break in toshibas anyway so now with my replacement ... it's very robust , sturdy and not likely to break .... and i learned alot . and the < PROPFIRST > tested good so when i get a new cord I'm sure everything is going to be back on track . yay ! i'm so happy !!! 
wow ! my yard and road in front of my house is white ......... i've never seen a hailstorm like this . :-/ 
so .... i don't have a cell phone anymore . cutting back . Since I'm at my computer alot I'm using Skype . My phone number is 256-344-0044 ( local land lines drop the 256 to call ) Please leave a message because sometimes I'm actually not at my computer too . Not sure I can receive texts ... so just call i guess for now and i can chat on fb . 
i'm tagging photos of my beautiful daughter jenny .... from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ' s photo album and hoping it's okay with her :-) 
is it just me or is FB really really sluggish today ? 
In this possibly terminal phase of human existence , democracy and freedom are more than just ideals to be valued - they may be essential to survival .... And If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise , we don't believe in it at all . ~ Noam Chomsky 
Yay ! my dad is on facebook now :-) 
for @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > I think I could turn and live with animals , They are so placid and self-contained , I stand and look at them long and long . They do not sweat and whine about their condition , They do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins , They do not make me sick discussing their duty to God . -- Walt Whitman 
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth , so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind . To make a deep physical path , we walk again and again . To make a deep mental path , we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives . Thoreau 
Kamille Blood-Culberson < PROPFEMALE > is the best sister in law a person could ever have . she is so wonderful . Without her , my kids wouldn't even have easter .... she is the easter < PROPFEMALE > and sometimes even < PROPFEMALE > . sigh ......... i wish everybody could be as fortunate as me . I am forever in her debt :-) <3 
UGh !!!!!! i had to endure a haircut that was wearing the stink that keeps on giving .... that's right .... you guessed it ..... Patchouli . going to take a bath . Why do people wear this crap ? 
i just found a needle in a haystack ...... o_O dude ....... weird :-) 
\Chronic dissatisfaction is how you sense that you are living a lie . \ " ~ ~ David Deida " 
I love all my friends and family and I hope you all know that despite the fact that i don't accept or return iHearts , hugs , birthday calendar requests , yoville , farmville , mafia wars , cafe world , etc .... tons of applications that potentially violate privacy and such . Thanks for all the kind gestures and I return them .... just not with an FB app . so no offense okay ? 
? (?????) ? 
Side note : ( despite the current gulf crisis ) i just found that i like 3 or more Black Eyed Pea songs * worried biting lip look * should I be worried about me ? nahhh ..... i roll like that : save the world and listen to bad music all at the same time :-) 
I was just contacted by matteroftrust.org! yay ! i've got 4 different warehouses to send hair to . I'll be glad to pick up hair donations and mail with mine so call me gadsden stylists :-) 256 344 0044 
Going to take my dog for a walk ...... then go see my friend < PROPMALE > MyTime < PROPMALE > in his < PROPMALE > Sawyer play :-) 
from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > thanks ! \ 
Wise folks count their blessings . Fools count their problems . 
Not doing the ' hokey ' POKEy ...... anymore ... for pretty much the same reason that I like ' appless ' hugs , hearts , love ......... etc . Pokes and Aps are just a copout for really talking to a friend you care about . 
i just did some serious spring cleaning on my friends list . 
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things . thanks Kamille Blood-Culberson LOL 
sex is a mean trick our hormones play on us to trick us into propagating the species . but if anyone had told me this when i was 14 ...... i would have said ' whateth the fucketh dost thou sayest , mother ? LOL it keeps the human race going for us not to ' get it ' until it's too damn late 
arghhhhhhhhhhhhh ! photo editing and organizing on facebook ! and the sheer amount of pics it takes to find a good profile pic ! AMong other very annoying things . 
the sky is immense ...... and it starts an inch off the ground . 
Happy Father's day to all the fathers ....... and to Kamille Blood-Culberson LOL 
ugh ! headed to work :-/ not use to working mondays ! can't wait to get home already :-D 
:D I love my friends and family . It's been such a good week ! 
“I came and went through the doors of perception so often that they just started leaving them open for me . ” :) < PROPFIRST > Langdon 
Twitter RT from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jensen LOL ! Stop saying \Mother Earth\ " & give it a more masculine description ; only then will GOP will consider a ban on drilling it ... " 
< PROPFIRST > Faciane < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Swann < PROPFIRST > Lynch My phone is FUBAR ! It has gone insane ..... part of the keypad is stuck so it cycles through all sorts of phone features by itself , without allowing me to read or reply to texts . :( So write me on here or call my skype # 256 344 0044 until I can get a new one . 
i <3 my new phone ! I can post from my phone now :) 
I am still floating around in the labyrinth of inner space . Projections ... How can I drop you without gravity ? I must let you go . I need an elegant solution for keeping track of reality ; riding the kicks up through the levels .... sometimes up is down , and down is up .... suspended in another convolution ... I am ..... or am I ? 
haha ...... i just got notice that < PROPFIRST > lynch and two other friends share ' a link ' ...... i looked to see who the two other friends were and one of them was me LOL weird . 
Why do some teenagers Capitalize Every Single Word In A Paragraph ?..... a curious phenomenon I've noticed lately . 
It's so much easier to be happy . It's so much easier to choose to love \ 
the things that you have , instead of always yearning for what you're \ 
missing , or what it is that you're imagining you're missing . It is so \ 
much more peaceful . < PROPFEMALE > Gulden from the movie One True Thing 
My last day at mastercuts tomorrow :( I will miss my ' family ' there ... but I'm ready to embrace my new life at ( Nu-U ) Hair Studio of Attalla ready to grow again .... and ready to not be juggling two jobs , 7 days a week so i can catch up with friends and craft projects etc . I miss all my non-work related friends and endeavors :/ 
thank you < PROPMALE > Crowder and < PROPFEMALE > S Knighton for such a wonderful night . Both of you are phenomenal musicians and songwriters . your music is alive , the lyrics sublime .... ya'll really touched my soul ... even without the music .... i'd go as far as to say the whole experience was very healing . 
On our way to rush !!! Extra ticket for cheap !!! Meet us there ... 
Someone text geddy < PROPFIRST > and tell him there is still 2000 ppl walking in . Stop with the spirit of radio for a sec 
Woo hoo ! we have two professional massage therapists joining us at the Hair Studio ! They will be starting some time next week ! 
When you do things from your soul , you feel a river moving in you , a joy . - Rumi 
I am not a speed reader . I am a speed\ 
understander . \ 
\ 
~ < PROPMALE > Asimov ~ :p :D 
That was so lame ... that was really lame ..... for real ! ( the zombie parade ) 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > ... Duct tape is silver ... Either way , It's quiet !! stolen from < PROPFEMALE > S Knighton Thanks ! I love it ! 
Embarking on day four of this miserable cold :/ not much improvement and still nyquil dependent . The dog stole some of my cough drops and my snotty tissu 
es . Gross ! 
awesome ! facebook has added a ' hide this post ' feature . sometimes hide this person is just going to far . so i'm using it yay ! this passive aggression will not stand ...... man . not in my newsfeed . 
I have to ask now . what is all the number statuses ? 
Wow ! who is this on < PROPMALE > daly right now ? awesome band ! 
Compassion is not just being kind to your friend . That involves attachment because it is based on expectation . Compassion is when you do something good without any expectations – based on realizing that “the other person is also just like me” . \ 
THE DALAI LAMA 3 hours ago · 738 comments 11831 likes 
??? Watching Mandelbrot on PBS . Absolutely fascinating ! My head is spin 
@#$% I'm ready to crawl up in the lap of Sanity Clause !!!!!!! 
my profile pic thumbnail looks kinda creepy ! it's cool when you click on it tho . 
hmmm disturbing ! ... i found that if you go to account settings you will find a link where you can download all your information from facebook . messages , statuses , posts , links , and notes . everything . even if you deleted it last year . facebook has a copy of everything . 
0_o 2 of my friends are attending an FB event called ' tell her she's beautiful ' .... some random person posted porn on the event page ..... now it looks like my 2 friends actually posted the porn into my newsfeed ! I know better and that it was someone else , but some don't!!! I'm starting to really dislike Facebook !!! 
Wow ! Wow ! Wow !!!! before christmas , while shopping at amazon i ran across Google Netbooks coming soon and an option to Sign up for Beta testing after taking a ' do you live on the internet ' test , and i passed with flying colors . I apparently got accepted for beta testing because I got a laptop from Google today ! nuts ! No apparent strings other than using it and giving feedback . 
Personal note : When I was a little kid my mother told me not to stare into the sun , so once when I was six , I did . At first the brightness was overwhelming , but I had seen that before . I kept looking , forcing myself not to blink , and then the brightness began to dissolve . My pupils shrunk to pinholes and everything came into focus and for a moment I understood . Maximillian Cohen * Pi * 
If tomatoes are fruit , isn't ketchup technically a smoothie ? 
Anyone interested in this let me know ( my friend needs to sell ): VIP Bonnaroo tickets for sale ! Message me for details ! They have to go ! I can't go anymore so if you know someone who wants to go you should see if they would like to go in style ! Go in it together . Get VIP camping and close to the stage to see all the great bands that are headlining ! 
1.5 tornado warnings and watches per week is exasperating me :( 
Happy Earth Day !! May the < PROPMALE > be with you . :) 
Oh my :/ i forgot how to spell my birth month . i just tried to type it and had to just abbreviate . man i'm a sad , old woman LOL 
Hi , I'm < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a recovering facecrackaholic ... it's been a week since my last ' like ' and so far I feel pretty good thinking outside the ' facebox ' . 
Nooooo :( severe thundertorms . :*( I think i have PTSD from the last storms . Just flew outta my chair in reaction to thunder . 
finally home from work and taxi-ing kids . Taking a Leisure Dive onto The Couch and not coming up til tomorrow . g'night . 
