nobody said growing up was easy ... facing adulthood is a bitch .. but hey its a part of my life .. and I keep on moving on up .... 

Be sure you put your feet in the right place , then stand firm . ( AB)-just thinkin 2morrow will be a better day :D 
I dont wanna be a grinch ... but dawm do i hate the holidays ... wish i worked ... 
SUDDENLY i just aint given a fuck no more people come and go ... going back to just doin me .. tired of trying when Im not getting anywhere anymore ... 
school ....... boxing gym ....... eat out w/ma buddie , so see dear john :D .. and afte ... ok corral ..... wooooo e a e a :D lol 
ahhh .... when ya gonna me a break ..... 
Life and death , energy and peace . If I stop today it was still worth it . Even the terrible mistakes that I made and would have unmade if I could . The pains that have burned me and scarred my soul , it was worth it , for having been allowed to walk where I've walked , which was to hell on earth , heaven on earth , back again , into , under , far in between , through it , in it , and above . -gia 
life is life itself .. takes u .. brings u .. breaks u .. but in the end it all falls together-work was work : X .. hooka w/ my friends relaxing and now time to call it a night early :) 
so many things goin on right now ... I honeslty need a vacation .. havent had one in centuries :( .... I wish things coulda been different ... man sometimes you gotta just love life no matter how many bumps there are .... 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DAWM !!!!!! 
chillen with my niece ;) -ahhhhh .... crazy ass weeekkk ... im < PROPFEMALE > tired ... and drained ... need to relax ... and remember to breath .. ugh .. 
I seek within me inner peace , but its hard to cause I feel like I have so much hate in me .. but I have hope that one day I will break away and find happiness within me-ugh ... up and down cycle !!!... grrr .... miss my familia :( ..... ughhh ..... want this week to turn into a weekend .. bllaaaahh :/ .... momma is back from mexico though :) .... 
Mornin peeeps LOL in class takin a 10 < PROPFEMALE > break after school goin to the park !!! :) 
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering . ( TR)-what a day what a day ...... :) .. gonna do some hw .. then slllleeeeepppp ... lol ... that I need ... ha ha :) 
Sooo sore can't even sit in the class chair .... It's going to be a long mornin !!!!! Ughh 
Mi < PROPFEMALE > gitano ;) -FFFFIIIFFFAAA BABEY :) too bad ima be in class lol .. ima be cathchin up through my phone .. ha ha .. turne my phone back on gonna jog and gonna study for my exams tomorrow !!!! : X 
It's just been one of those mornings !!!!!!! Ahhhhhhh need 2 memba how to breath and not fall !! Grr 
Soooo tired looooonnngg day :( grrrrrrrr :( 
Just one moment in peace just one moment i got to be free , now Im back to realiity , with just one thing in mind I have to make the best out of everythin even when life keeps pullin me down , things happen for a reason , one day everythin will make sense and make me finaly in piece :) -had amazin weekend ... ready for the week ... 
mexico lost . boo .. go < PROPFEMALE > !!! lol :) got home goin to check up on my mommy and then clean ! doin some studyin today :) 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life : it goes on . ( RF)-ah what a crazy day waistin gas runnin errans but my energy is crazy feelin like a lil kid all over again !! have a date with my naca today .. lol !! yeay havent seen her in a while !! ahhh life :) 
Reallyyyy tired .. So Many things on my mind ... I just keep smilin like always and pretend im good :) cause it aint worth cryin for : Ä 
\Every morning I still wake up and the first thing I want to do is to see your face . \ " _G)-wish there were guys that would say that and meant it !! baa .. went out to eat w/ < PROPFEMALE > bestie and about to watch the movie I never get tired of p.s. I love you .. lol .. korny .. but do I wish someday ill find that :) " 
what a long dayyyy :( .. rainy day :) just came home .... gonna pop some old movies and study for my exams tomorrow :p ... 
Falling out of love is hard \ 
Falling for betrayal is worst ( s)-just came back from school & takin my mom from therapy ... ugh another test tomorrow !! want this week to be over :o 
pretty chill weekend :) ... ahhhhhh my goose was loose last night .. lol ... might let it loose again tonight .. ha ha 
fffeeeeeeeellliiizzzz cumpleanos amorrr :) te querrro mucho !!! 
Through each moment in which we feel pain , our bodys feel numb for an instance , some cry while others keep it in , but keep in mind its only a matter of time in which things change ... and life as it is keeps us sane < PROPFEMALE > some sort of odd way-me- .. whhhatt a daayyy ughhh ... lookin forward to the weekend already .. 
I long , as does every human being , to be at home wherever I find myself . ( < PROPFEMALE > )- ggrrr .. finals .. need a new job ... man ... do I need money .. 
que sera de mi cuando yo ya no este aqui , que haras tum , con lo que < PROPFEMALE > vez te di ? ;) -took my well deserved nap , made some sandwhiches with some friends watched OUR FAMILY WEDDING(awesome lol ) , and REMEMBER ME pretty good movie also ... now aladdin :) 
Ayyyy ;) waz yo ÒAme ?? lol it is what it is ya digg :) 
Just another day :) -had a beautiful day yesterday :p .. lol ... gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my main man ;) and be up in north < PROPFIRST > today !! YUH :) 
everybody needs a break , cause without that one cant remain sane-stayin at home 2day helpin a friend out lol :) cant get away from school :D nerd .. ha ha .... even when I try ... 
aint no other like my faith , because thats maintained me sane , even with all this , I maintain strong , because someday , ill be lookin back and say ive done it al , l with my held high I my keep hope alive-callin it a night 
Im outta this world ;) -ponchin is droppin by :) lol and worrkk ....... ha ha ... what am I doin !!! :/ 
action packed day ;) -just watched cop out , had a great laugh with that one :p , about to watch the losers , while I take some stuff out and try to figure out how the heck to write my resume ! I NEEEDD A NEEWWW JOOBBB :( maybe a new life .. aaa ... 
N o-o ne truly ever grows up , but life wakes u up , each time a < PROPMALE > comes through that mailbox , and everytime a decision is made-callin it a night&hearts ; 
Ugh school ... Mmm .. So many things to do gotta organize myself boo I wanna go away ... 
And life , keeps moving . 
They say an eye for an eye , we both lose our sight , And two wrongs don't make a right But when you been wrong and you know all along that it's just one life \ 
At what point does one fight ? -workin to close .. gonna come home & clean all my mess ... tomorrow dads coming ... frida movie was inspirational .. ha .. 
\Imagination is everything . It is the preview of life's coming attractions . \ " (ae)-gonna hit the sheets ... I know one day good things are going to happen for me .. I'll I gotta do is keep goin ... even with the punches ;) " 
I thank god cause he blessed me with my family and friends im sooooooo .... thankful ... i love you monstro .. chapparo ;p 
Ahhhh school :/ learn some biology next :p 
Brookhaven pretty good looking men :) LOL ha somethin new for me :) 
< PROPFIRST > bourdain all day today :) ... awww :) lol gonna some cleanin and some cookin today :) 
ayyyyyyyyyy ... tonight pj's and hangin out with with the 2 loves of my life tonight ... cant wait !! :) 
Life as we know changes , so we move on , as hard as it is sometimes we have to deal with it , mayb its for the better who knows .... but hopefully mine .. keeps changin for the good ... 
Some people were meant for love , but others .. weren't ... :) 
Enjoy the time you have while young ; collect memories , make them unforgetable .. -makin the best out of this ... This week will be the best ... This week I will not be negative :) 
life as we know it changes , we change along with it ; but we keep some things with us . Keep gettin at me cause I know somehow Im destined for greatness ;) -ahh ...... boooooooo .......... coffee or tea .. yum 
In order to improve the mind , we ought less to learn , than to contemplate . ( R . D)-just got home gonna finish up a project ..... so many things on my mind .... hmm ... I want coffeeee :/ 
so it got better :) 
my allergies are killin me today ... ugh .. cant stop sneezing .... :/ ...... do not feel like goin to work today ... i just want to stay home .... ahhhhh ..... :/ 
ugh ... just got off my store meeting !!! like wtf .... need to sleeeeepp .. callin it a night 
work ..... study ..... work ???... mmmmm ... my allergies are horrible :/ ..... grrrr ....... work ... 
got out of work early :) ... cookin some pasta ... watchin my mavs play !! :) cant ask for a better night :) 
ay its life , live it and love it for the moment , block the negativity and move on- had fun last night :) work today and im sick :( .... i dont think the monster is goin to help today :/ ... 
I live for me , that's what I've learned ... I have to make the best in this life .. good will come with time-ah mi dulche < PROPFEMALE >;) .... 
so today ... not gonna be an easy day :/ mmm ... 
so until youve been through hell and back , you get to a point where you stop bein mad at the past , let it go and let be&hearts ; -takin a break from studyin :) ... man ... got a decision to make .. hope I make the right one !! 
he put the christmas tree up while I was at work ;) yeay .. lol .. but I wanted to help :( .. o well :) ahhh ... what a week :) .... mmm 
play like kid ;) -chilllliin with my sister :) ha ha :) 
Happy Thankisgivin to all :) 
If a poet is anybody , he is somebody to whom things made matter very little - somebody who is obsessed by Making . ( e.e.c ) 
and that was the day I promised , Id never sing of love again if it does not exsist(pa)-rememberin ... old days ... thinkin of whats next ........ 
Hello north dallas :) chillin with my fam :) 
Change your profile picture to your favorite animated movie or cartoon character and tell your friends to do the same . The purpose ? We won't see a human picture on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories , and for the fight against childhood violence . Copy & paste this onto your status . 
tarde o temprano estare contigo&hearts ; 
so last night ..... there was some bad decisions made .. baaa .... :p 
around this time of december .. many memories come to mind .. some regrets ... little moments of joy .. but december .. I wish .... it went by fast .. 
The best gifts are the ones whom come from the heart :) they cant be bought :) i love you monstro 
looking at < PROPMALE > while he tries to fix my water thingy at home .. lol .. and im loookin at my mail :) .... my momma left and my best friend isint here .... kinda sad .... but its okay theyll be here next year .... 
hope it sunshines soon ... 
Im thankful for the little things ... thats what counts ... 
sooner or later the truth comes out .......... overcoming that thing I fear is a big step .. losing something dear to me im willing to risk ... cause life goes by in a flash ... id rather say it then keep my own truth .. 
best healer of all is time no matter how long- im gettin a way .... not long ... but maybe .... this will help .. 
ayyyyy ;) schoool ... new fresh start ... ah\p lista < PROPFEMALE > " 
just came from work .... ate with the fam =) ready for this action packed week to start :) non stop school and workk ... yaaaaaahhhhh :) 
how did i end up here with you , after all the things that Ive been through , it's been one of those days , you trying to forget about , TAKE A SHOT AND LET IT OUT , LET'S GET IT RIGHT , NOW THAT IM HERE SHOW ME A GOOD TIME ;P -got out of school and 1 job .... gettin ready 4 the next one ahh . I can finaly say I may need a break ... lol 
Change your thoughts and you change your world . ( NV)- as much as I wanna stay home and drink some hot chocolate with a movies company , I have to go to work at good ol ' blockbuster ... ahhh .... man ... have to keep repeating ... to take it day be day ... 
time heals all , I would hope time would hurry up- catchin up some writing while watchin sad movies .. ha ha ... couldnt sleep so what the heck .. 
At the end of the day what more can you ask for ... with your best friend by your side and re creating good old times :) 
Empty shiny streets with sweet cold snow fallin down is the best thing i see now :) 
the person closest to me says to stop wishin , I say to that , that its right ... the other person whom was close to me helped me sail in a storming sea and watched me wreck with no feelings left ... its a moment in life where fear has to leave and action must be met .. no excuses ... not anymore 
