Just got back from volunteering at Project Open Hand delivering food to those in need , what an amazing feeling . Back tomorrow to do it again . 

Missing < PROPFIRST > 
Ready to go home . 
I Hate this half of the year 
Gearing up for another work week , Thankful to have a job . 
Keep your freinds close , and your enemies closer . 
I need a vacation really bad . 
< PROPFIRST > continues to watch over me . He said he would . 
I want to be home snuggling under the covers . 
9 months ago today I lost the love of my life . As the year < PROPFIRST > draws closer and the holidays come , I ponder , will I make it through this . 
Is ready for this 3 day weekend . 
In the United States , no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . Healthcare is a RIGHT not a PRIVILEDGE . IF YOU AGREE - please post this as your FB status for one day 
Outside doing some much needed yard work , been neglected . All 3LC fault . 
Cutting up a fallen tree in my yard . 
More melancholy by the minute , what is a person to do . 
A thought went up my mind to-day That I have had before , But did not finish , -- some way back , I could not fix the year , Nor where it went , nor why it came The second time to me , Nor definitely what it was , Have I the < PROPMALE > to say . But somewhere in my soul , I know I've met the thing before ; It just reminded me--'t was all -- And came my way no more . 
Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . ~ Harvey Fierstein 
Smiling today . :) 
Never give in .. never , never , never , never , in nothing great or small , large or petty , never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense . Never yield to force .. never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy . Winston Churchill 
It's better to be hated for who you are , than to be loved for who you're not 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” 
A hiker comes to a fork in the road and doesn't know which way to go to reach his destination . There are two men at the fork , one of whom always tells the truth while the other always lies . The hiker doesn't know which is which , though . He may ask one of the men only one question to find his way . Which man does he ask , and what is the question ? 
Going to see Paranormal Activity tonight . 
Paranormal Activity will make you think . 
“For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ” 
“When we long for life without difficulties , remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure” 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . Living one day at a time ; Enjoying one moment at a time ; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; Taking , as H ... e did , this sinful world as it is , not as I would have it ; -- Reinhold Niebuhr 
\One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living . We are all dreaming of some magical < PROPFEMALE > garden over the horizon - instead of enjoying the < PROPFEMALE > s blooming outside our windows today . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Carnegie " 
You will face many defeats in your life , but never let yourself be defeated . —Maya Angelou 
If you are ashamed to stand by your colors , you had better seek another flag . ~ Author Unknown 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > leaves $300K to gay youth , now thats a true < PROPFEMALE > Girl . 
There comes a point in your life when you realize : Who matters , Who never did , Who won't anymore ... And who always will . So , don't worry about people from your past , there's a reason why they didn't make it to your future 
I have taught myself to sew , cook , fix plumbing . I can even < PROPFIRST > myself on the back when necessary So I don't have to ask anyone for anything . There's nothing I need from anyone Except for love and respect . Anyone who can't give me those two things Has no place in my life . My favorite line from Torch Song Trilogy 
When you walk through a storm , hold your head up high , because eventually you will walk into the sunlight . 
Say what you mean and mean what you say . 
Moving forward doesn't always mean leaving something behind 
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad Day 
I am a Christian and not ashamed to say it !! Let's see how many people on fb aren't afraid to show their love for God and accept Jesus as our Savior ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! If you ... agree post this in your status update . Now send me those prayers ! I need them just like everybody else on here 
May the road rise up to meet you . May the wind always be at your back . May the sun shine warm upon your face , and rains fall soft upon your fields . And until we meet again , May God hold you in the palm of His hand . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity To accept the things I cannot change ; Courage to change the things I can ; And wisdom to know the difference . 
And , as I am an honest Puck if we have unearned luck . Now to scape the serpents tongue . We will make amends ere long else the Puck a liar call . So -- goodnight unto you all . Give me your hands if we be friends . And < PROPFIRST > shall restore amends 
If we shadows have offended , think but this ; and all is mended that you have but slumbered here while these visions did appear and this weak and idle theme no more yielding but a dream . Gentles -- do not reprehend if you pardon , we will mend . 
No decision is a decision . 
Someday , someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else . 
Letting go of your old self and the process of letting the new you emerge can be one of the scariest experiences in your life . But by leaving behind your old self and taking a leap of faith into the unknown , it might just reveal what you are truly capable of becoming . 
Letting go doesn’t mean giving up , but rather accepting that there are things that cannot be . 
People have a hard time letting go of their suffering . Out of a fear of the unknown , they prefer suffering that is familiar . 
My actions are my only true belongings . I cannot escape the consequences of my actions . My actions are the ground upon which I stand 
Thoughts lead on to purposes ; purposes go forth in action ; actions form habits ; habits decide character ; and character fixes our < PROPFEMALE > . 
“Life can either be accepted or changed . If it is not accepted , it must be changed . If it cannot be changed , then it must be accepted . ” 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
\A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with a single step . \ " Its time to begin . " 
if u get a video link from anyone , be careful . The virus sends dirty pics to all your friends 
And the day came when the risk it took to remain tight inside the < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I tell you the truth , if you have faith as small as a mustard seed , you can say to this mountain , ' Move from here to there ' and it will move . 
Trying very very hard not to give in to this overwhelming saddness and despair , not winning this battle . 
Took Michaels Panel today , my promise fulfilled . Its been 1 yr today . 
Today is World AIDS Day , please take a moment and say a prayer for all those lost and all who still battle this horrific plague . Strides have been made in this disease for a cure and better treatment , but more is left to be done . 
Fear is the dark room of life where negatives are developed . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
“The most terrible poverty is loneliness , and the feeling of being unloved . ” 
Loneliness is about the scariest thing there is . ” 
The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to heterosexuals . That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > 
I used to sit and wonder what it would take for some to get so sad and feel so alone that they would want to die , I thought how could someone allow themselves to get to that point and not see any hope or < PROPFEMALE > to go on , I now know . 
Almost time for the New Year , a < PROPMALE > for new beginnings , new choices , a fresh start . Time ro reevaluate what did not work this past year , friends who were fake and situations that were not good and take charge and reemerge better , stronger , wiser and happier . 
Should old acquaintance be forgot , and never brought to mind ? Should old acquaintance be forgot , and days of old < PROPFEMALE > syne . For auld < PROPFEMALE > syne , my dear , for auld < PROPFEMALE > syne , we'll take a cup of kindness yet , for auld < PROPFEMALE > syne . And surely you’ll buy your pint cup ! and surely I’ll buy mine ! And we'll take a cup o’ kindness yet , for auld < PROPFEMALE > syne . Happy New Year to all . 
Please pray for my friend < PROPFIRST > , his mom is not doing very well . 
My Bowflex Home Gym came today , guess now I have to get started with one of my New Years Resolutions . Next trying to decrease my Coca Cola intake , good thing I got the gym , at least I will have somewhere to put the aggression of withdrawals . LOL 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users won't repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this . I'm one of the 3% . Thank you Jesus ! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this ; will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
WITHOUT GOD ... our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday , Seven days without God - Makes one Weak ! ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status So thankful God loves me !! 
RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > , we will miss you . May God take you into his arms and give you the peace and comfort you so deserve . I Love You . 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... copy and paste with your #1 song : The House Of The Rising Sun - The Animals 
Ok my farmville neighbors help me build my horse stable . 
Ok Farmville friends I need Boards and Harnesses to complete my stable , thanks for the help on the other things but please send Harness or boards . :) 
How do we send Boards , Harnesses , etc , all thats on mine and some others are Nails and Horseshoes . Please advise . 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Re-post if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
It doesn't matter where you're stuck in life or what you think you have to do ; you can always choose something else . There's always a different path . 
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . Fool me three times and perhaps I should have my ASS kicked . 
If you love something , set it free ; if it comes back it's yours , if it doesn't , it never was . 
Love is a fire . But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house , you can never tell 
Four things you can't recover : The stone ......... after the throw . The word ......... after it's said .. The occasion ......... after it's missed . The time ........... after it's gone . 
When people show you who they are , and they will eventually , believe them . 
Your 1st mistake was using me . Your 2nd mistake was underestimating me . 
“ An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie , for an excuse is a lie guarded . ” —Pope < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > II 
Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest ... It's about who came , and never left your side .. 
Make that phone call . Have that conversation . Send that letter . Tell that person you love them more than anything . Tomorrow is a gift , not a promise . * 
If yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Mama's and < PROPFIRST>'s arms and tell them they're from me . Tell them that I love them & miss them , & when they turn to smile , place a kiss upon their cheek & hold them for awhile . Because remembering them is easy , I do ... it every day , but there's an ache in my heart that will never go away . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ... Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you ... JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status ... GOD BLESS THE USA and the Soldiers who protect it !!!!! 
\that which is kept in the dark will always come to light \"" 
\DON'T MISTAKE MY KINDNESS FOR MY WEAKNESS \"" 
\it's the quiet ones you have to watch out for \"" 
At Pep Boys 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest .. nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be first choice , but I'm a GREAT choice . I dont pretend to be someone im not , because I'm too good at being ME . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but im proud of who I am today ! take me as I am , ... or watch me as I walk away . post this if you love being you 
Non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about my pets : 1 . They\ 
live here . You don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair on your clothes , \ 
stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like\ 
my pets a lot better than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are\ 
animals . To ... me , they are my kids , just happen to be short , hairy , walk on ... all fours and don't speak clearly . 
You can't always get what you want\ 
But if you try sometimes you might find\ 
You get what you need 
I love you < PROPMALE > , may all God's angels surround u , and give u the peace and comfort u so badly need , and may they surround your family and give them the strenghth they need at this very difficult time . 
Post this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My wish is that in 2010 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour 
Benefit Bass Fishing Tournament for my cousin < PROPMALE > Pass . ~ < PROPMALE > has been diagnosed with blue cell sarcoma . ~ < PROPFEMALE > PARK JULY 31 , 2010 -- 7PM-1AM -- FEE - $60.00 PER BOAT ~ all proceeds will go to benefit < PROPMALE > & his battle with cancer ~ CONTACT < PROPMALE > PASS ( 770 ) 616-2719 ~ PLEASE COPY & PASTE THIS SO WE CAN GET THE WORD OUT ~ Thanks for all the prayers and please keep praying ... he is fighting a horrific battle . 
\You can bend it and twist it ... You can misuse and abuse it ... But even God cannot change the Truth . \"" 
\The truth is rarely pure and never simple . \"" 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , if your house is a mess , \ 
about your past , or if your family is full of loonies or if you go looney\ 
sometimes ! They love you for you . A true friend can go long periods of \ 
time without speaking and when you do talk , it's like there was no \ 
... space .......... They never question the ... friendship .. 
Right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother . Is holding the hand of a dying man . Is inserting an IV in a child . Is listening to an Alzheimer's patient tell a story . And is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Re-post if you are a nurse ......, love a nurse , or appreciate a nurse :) 
< PROPMALE > you will be missed , but you will always be in my heart . The tears may fall for our sadness , but I know that you are now healthy and happy forever more . I Love You . 
God looked around his garden And He found an empty place . And then He looked down upon the earth , And saw your tired face . He put His arms around you , And lifted you to rest . God's garden must be beautiful , He always takes the best . He knew that you were suffering , He knew you were in pain , 
Not a very good day today , having to put my cat JR to sleep today . 
URGENT PRAYER REQUEST !!! \ 
Please Repost ! Kayala < PROPFIRST > - her 22 month old son shot himself in the chest with a < PROPMALE > nailer . It went in his heart . He is now in critical condition and not doing good . Neither is his mom . Please , start a prayer chain for this baby !! Please copy and repost ... ( you would want someone to do this ... for you ! 
Way to go California STAY has been lifted , Marriages can resume August 18th . 
When you are DOWN to nothing .... God is UP to something ! Faith sees the invisible , believes the incredible and receives the impossible ! 
Homeless go without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first !!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to repost this !!!!!! 
\Life is too short to worry what others say or think about you . So have fun and give them something to talk about . \ " -Unknown " 
Life is too short to spend time with people that suck the happiness out of you . 
A true friend is one who thinks you are a good egg even if you are half-cracked . ~ Author Unknown 
I WISH I HAD MY MOM I TRULY MISS HER TAKE CARE OF YOUR MOM CAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW LONG YOU HAVE HER . 
Que Sera , Sera , Whatever will be , will be . The future's not ours , to see . Que Sera , Sera . 
Thank You all for the Birthday wishes , made me smile :) . Each of u hold a special place in my heart , big hugs to you all . 
???????? L-o-v-e-y-o-u . Today is ' love u day ' send 2 everyone u love ( and me ) whether its real love or friend love . Ur spoiled if u get 5 back xoxoxoxo ???????? - hugs n kisses 
New VIRUS on FB using your pictures . It says you have been tagged in a picture & wants you click on a link to see it , then hacks into your computer & all your accounts , including banking & other secure accounts . It destroys your computer . Once hacked into your computer , it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pictures & starts the process again ~ PLEASE RE-POST 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
For Princess-Although love unreturned can drive you to despair , trust that somewhere out there , someone is waiting just for you . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; Courage to change the things I can ; And wisdom to know the difference . 
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the < PROPMALE > of timing . There is a time for silence . A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own < PROPFEMALE > . And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over . ” 
Some people think it's holding on that makes one strong- sometimes it's letting go . 
Heavenly Father , walk through my home and take away all my worries and \ 
any illnesses and please watch over and heal my family in Jesus name , \ 
Amen . This prayer is so powerful . Do not break or ask questions ! This is\ 
a test . Does God come first in your life ? If so , stop what you're doing\ 
......... & set this to your status . Watch what He'll ...... do ... 
“Without your wound where would your power be ? “ 
\Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt . \"" 
Happy PRIDE my fellow LGBT family . Don't just be proud this weekend or whenever they celebrate PRIDE in your area , be proud every second of your life and stand tall with heads high and be counted . 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my LIFE . 
5 . When you are worried - I will tell you horrible stories about how much worse it could be and to quit whining . \ 
\ 
6 . When you are confused - I will use little words . \ 
7 . When you are sick - Stay the hell away from me until you are well again . I don't want whatever you have . \ 
8 . When you fall - I will point and laugh at your clumsy ass . \ 
This is my oath ... I pledge it till the end , because you are my friend . 
A Friend's Oath \ 
1 . When you are sad - I will help you get drunk and plot revenge against the sorry bastard who made you sad . \ 
2 . When you are blue - I will try to dislodge whatever is choking you . \ 
3 . When you smile - I will know you finally got laid . \ 
4 . When you are scared - I will rag on you about it every < PROPMALE > I get . 
Remember : A good friend will help you move . A really good friend will help you move a body . Let me know if I ever need to bring a shovel 
Friendship is like peeing your pants , everyone can see it , but only\ 
you can feel the true warmth . 
Sometimes in friendship there are times when you may want something but because your friend wants it more you let them have it , or when you know that your actions may cause your friend pain , you don't do it , and there are times when , when you do make a friend feel bad or hurt you have to say I am sorry because whatever ... it is , whoever it is is probably not more important than your friend :) . 
Decline of friendships in the U . S . According to a study documented in the June 2006 issue of the journal American Sociological Review , Americans are thought to be suffering a loss in the quality and quantity of close friendships since at least 1985 . [ 2][3 ] The study states 25% of Americans have no close confidants , and the average total number of confidants per citizen has dropped from four to two . 
I'm wearing purple today to support LGBT youth - make your profile pic purple today for Spirit Day at http://glaad.org/spiritday 
What is done in the dark will come to light 
\Do unto others as you would have them do unto you \"." 
( Stole this from you < PROPFEMALE > ) :) It's not about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about screaming with the thunder , running with the lightning , and learning to dance in the rain . 
If you hate a person , you hate something in him that is part of yourself . What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us . 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we get older as forever friends . Repost if you have cousins that make you smile . I am very lucky to have the best , and I love them ALL . Like this if you are a cousin of mine . 
“If you want to reach a state of bliss , then go beyond your ego and the internal dialogue . Make a decision to relinquish the need to control , the need to be approved , and the need to judge . Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time . It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up . ” 
“Where id was , there shall ego be . ” 
Letting go of someone u love is hard but holding on to someone who dosen't feel the same is harder . 
Everyone enjoy and have a safe and ghoulish Halloween weekend . 
Make sure you VOTE today . 
If you don't VOTE , then don't complain about your County , your State or your COUNTRY . 
\All that we are is the result of what we have thought . If a man speaks or acts with \ 
I am a Veteran , ( as are MANY members of my family ) and a Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact .... Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran !!! 
Time for a change . 
why can't I just sleep through November and December 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO AS FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR .. STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES CARE . LOVE YA 
Dinner and a movie :) 
Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree 
Starting to make my preparations to cook tomorrow , first time I have celebrated or did anything for this holiday or any other since < PROPFIRST > died two yrs ago , trying to fight off that urge to just barracade myself under the covers and be really depressed . 
Ham in the oven , cornbread dressing made up ready to put in oven tomorrow , then turkey in am , along with rest of stuff . I truly am so blessed and hope each of you are as well . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , be safe and enjoy and be very thankful what what you have . 
This is me ; like it or leave it . It's me I face each day and my Maker that I answer to . Your approval is neither required nor desired !!!!!! 
Going to see The Nutcracker at the Fox . 
2 yrs ago today I lost the LOVE of my life and tomorrow 12-1-10 would have been our 12 yr anniverary . God I miss you < PROPFIRST > , every second of everyday . You gave me my fairytale and so much happiness and love . I miss you boopy . Always in my heart . RIP my SWEET < PROPMALE > . 
Dec 1st is world AIDS day , please stop and remember all those lost to this terrible plague , and all those that live courageous lives everyday with it , and those who continue to fight to one day find a cure to end this plague so we no longer lose anyone else to it . 
Today is World AIDS Day . In 2008 , < PROPFEMALE > had the 5th highest rate of new AIDS diagnoses in the U.S. Have you been tested ? 
\All the < PROPMALE > of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on . \ " \ 
FOR YOU TO INSULT ME , I MUST FIRST VALUE YOUR OPINION 
Happy 40th Birtday < PROPFIRST > . Always in my heart . 
65-31 Don't ask Don't tell has been repealed . FINALLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY :) 
As you all enter the Christmas holidays PLEASE remember the TRUE meaning of Christmas , there will be kids and adults who wake up on the 25th with nothing . Be thankful and help those in need if you can . Don't let those in need go without the basic needs for survival , and things we may take for granted , heat , food , clothes and for the kids , toys from < PROPFEMALE > . Don't let them ask mommy why didn't < PROPFEMALE > come here . 
Black Swan , very good movie . Great performance by < PROPFEMALE > Portman . 
You know we all got a little crazy in us and got our issues , but damn some of us went back for seconds and thirds , some stole the whole frigging pot . If you don't get help at Charter , get help somewhere . 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > brings each and everyone of you all your wishes this hoilday , and for those wishes he can't bring I wish u comfort . 
\Dream as if you'll live forever . Live as if you'll die today . \"" 
2011 is going to be a spectacular year , I'm putting it out there now so the universe knows I have already claimed this :) 
There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then going to the Privacy button on the bottom of their < PROPFEMALE > to remove yourself . ( Copy & repost so people are aware ) . 
I hope everyone has a safe New Years tonight and a great New Year in the coming days . I wish you all Health , Happiness , Love and Prosperity . 
My dear friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > lost his mother this morning , All my thoughts and prayers to you < PROPFIRST > , and RIP Mrs < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
not supersuperstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME 
If your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom .. 
Ok the snow was pretty the first day , now day 3 its lost its appeal , time for it to go on its < PROPFEMALE > way . 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re- post this & NOT CARE about offending someone !! 
Do you know why a car's WINDSHIELD is so large & the rear view mirror is so small ? Because o ... ur PAST is not as important as our FUTURE . So , look ahead and move on . 
Old friends are like Gold ! New friends are < PROPFEMALE > s ! If you get a < PROPFEMALE > , don't forget the Gold ! Because to hold a < PROPFEMALE > , you always need a base of Gold 
When GOD solves your problems , you have faith in HIS abilities ; when GOD doesn't solve your problems HE has faith in your abilities . 
When you pray for others , God listens to you and blesses them ; and sometimes , when you are safe and happy , remember that someone has prayed for you . 
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow'sTROUBLES; it takes away today's PEACE . 
Is so ready to be heading to Vegas in the morning , I need a break . 
Live your life the way you want it not what other people want . Don't live your life to please anyone but you . 
When a person shows you their true colors/self , believe them . Whether it be good or bad , they will eventually show you who they really are . 
