Wow , the sun is shining , no more flooding . My favorite saying about oklahoma did not ring true yesterday ( if you don't like the weather wait 5 < PROPFEMALE >..) , yeah well , weather radio woke me up at 3 am or so and then went off every hour past midnite last nite . We live on a hill , so all is good here . Thanks for everyones calls and texts to see if we were ok ! 

Muggy and buggy day in oklahoma . That oklahoma weather saying , it's a lie , don't know where it came from , I think some senile old lady told me that ..... 
making chocolate chip muffins is not good for my diet ! 
Stepped out for a smoke before turning in , 2:30 am , I can hear the birds chirping , cows mooing , coyotes howling , frog's ribbetts , I love the country ! Oh crap what's that , a snake . I hate snakes ! 
Delayed 5 hours , I hate flying ! But I love NY ! 
But I don't wanna go 2 sleep yet ! 
Beat 9 kids up before breakfast , nice cool QUIET calm morning on the deck at fire island . This place is beautiful ! 
Taking the 3 twirps to the NYC for an adventure . Statue od < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Island and < PROPMALE > Tut Exhibit . Gotta teach these okie raised what a real city is ! 
Okay , someone tell my kids there is no money tree , they don't believe me . Enuf shopping ! I need a vacation from my vacation ! 
Happy 4th < PROPFEMALE > ! Block party in New York , < PROPFEMALE > haw !, gotta add a little okie to the mix ! But severly missing the fireworks and hosing down the house ! 
Waiting waiting waiting 
95 degree pool is not refreshing in 98 weather ! 
Saturday news reports , hottest day this year , Sunday , hottest day this year , Monday , hottest day this year , what's Tuesday gonna be ? Hottest day this year .... 
Omg one more kid to go ! < PROPMALE > got his drivers permit today ! 
My oldest is 27 today , now I'm feeling old ! 
Why do the dang horses always break the fence out when < PROPFIRST > is on another continent ! At night , lightening flashing , big a ** hariy spiders and big fat toads . YUCK , thank goodness for < PROPMALE > ! 
4.5 earthquake at 9:06 , I thought it was my imagination , or a tree or something hit my house . < PROPMALE > said stuff fell over in his apartment , epicenter 6 < PROPMALE > east of where he lives at . You could definitely feel the shift of the earth at the end of it . 
Somehow painting my walls turned into a whole kitchen-dining remodel ! 
Gotta love my boys , they are so protective of their little sisters . They don't appreciate it now , but they will when they are older . 
Omg . Mmmm . Heaven . Homemade cannolis . Had to use foil covered piece of dowel for tube , but it worked .... 
And the chili wins first prize again ! Now if I could just have that luck in the lottery ! 
Its abeautiful day for the okc zoo , gonna park my self by the monkeys 
As long as it doesn't get out like New York , I'm good 
