Packing to go back to school 2morrow :( / :) 

yeah , long story short , sorry u guyz , just needed a new facebook 
stupid scan line take 4eeeeeevvvveeeeerrrrr !!!!!!! 
Can't find anything to wear for halloween :( hmph 
fancy livin ' here we come ! la la < PROPFEMALE > , la la la ! where ? under roll #4 ? 
is about to shoot everyone . angry and tired , dancing helped only a teensy bit . UGH ! JPISEJFLFLAJFJSDL ; FSDLJNFLJS ! 
hmmm sleeeeeeeeepy , but gotta get breaaaaakfast 
< PROPFEMALE > - ( to < PROPMALE > trying on a TIGHT shirt ) \I'm coming out . I want the world to know . GOTTA LET IT SHOW !! \"" 
that was < PROPFEMALE > !!! NOT MEEEE ! i didnt post that !!! 
hmmmmmm , the cafeteria was a failure , but hopefully the garden will work out better . lol :D 
today feels like a lazy day . nice weather , and lazy :) yay 
great , facebook made me stay up an hour later than necessary ! now i wont be able to get up early ! darn facebook 
I has disorder [ of any kind ] . so does everybody else . so nobody has disorders , because it's only disorderly if the majority doesn't have it . Just sayin ' . 
I cant find someone to take sketching downtown with meeeee :(((((( stupid \sign out with someone\ " rule ! >\\" 
dude , whoever didnt go to the piano concert totally missed out ! it was cool : ) 
getting invitations from a school i moved from . have they not noticed my 4 year absence ? 
is gonna have so much fun 2morrow in Atlanta with all her fellow < PROPMALE > pplz :) 
Stupid test ! may all < PROPFIRST>'s Bacon burn in hell darnnit ! why franks , why ?????? 
IS SO FULL SHE HAS TO WADDLE AROUND LIKE SOME KINDA ROLLIE POLIE OLIE , AND ITS SO SAD CUZ SHE STILL HAS TO EAT THE CHEEZE CAKE TOOOO :( :) 
stupid < PROPMALE > project just got back in the mail today , and i have to finish it by tomorrow :( crimeny , i hope i dont fall asleep trying to finish this thing ! 
kinda wants to live in a bubble , an impenetrable ( unless by my choice ) invisible bubble :) that would be fun 
is curently confused about everything , and unstable . but , still hoping to come back nect semester . 
juries , monday , there all gonna eat me alive !!! aaaaaaaaa 
I'm still aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive !!! :) the juries did NOT kill me :) yaaaaayyyyy ! and now to get the christmas presents ready :) 
ha ha ! VICTORY :) finally got my laptop/i-pod back ! :) now being back home is bearable :) yay 
is soooo excited , she gets to paint her room tomorrow ! 
awww man ! leftovers tonight , that wouldn't be a problem ...... if all the good stuff wasn't eaten yesterday ! :( 
is currently helping her sister paint her room pink :) and blasting music ! partay !!!! 
New Year\ 
New School\ 
New Friends \ 
New Life\ 
Wish Me Luck 
is not going anywhere . Mom just told me like , 5 mins ago . sorry i kinda < PROPFEMALE > a slight panic .... i feel awkward now ...... 
the time traveleres wife is soooooo sad ! but it's good , cant wait till 2morrow ;) 
Gosh its so nice out , you'd forget its winter ! 
vampire weekend is the best , especially on a friday :) 
Hell froze over today ! ( i've got a lot of promises to keep ) 
SNOWWWWW !!! HEHEHEHEHHEHSHAHAHAHHAHA YA , ya , snow 
needs prayers if she's gonna be able to go back to the Gov . school next year . Mom doesn't want to sign the papers , pray , or send good thoughts , or both pleze ? 
Gosh , it seems like everyone went home this weekend ...... cricket cricket much ? 
VOTE 4 GREENVILLE !! we need good internet connection next year . and were so close to winning , we cant give up now ! http://www.googlefiber.com/fiber-optics/ 
ah , i love the weather today . it's just the right balance of breezes , and warmness :) 
who knew that getting up at 6 in the morning to run up and down gently sloped hills isn't as fun as it sounds .... 
Is in a good mood today , but wants to stay away from the sun .... IT BUUURNS !!! 
Leaving for NY tomorrow :) I just hope I can get the internet at my aunts house .... no , i realllly hope i can get the internet there . 
Is sad now , my trip to NY has been postponed till next week ! noooooooooo ! now i have to unpack and repack ! nooooooooooo ! 
is kinda boooooored .... hmmmm supercalafrajalisticexpialidocious ... nope , didn't work .... 
Just got back from bringing Mom some more clothes at the hospital 
is gathering up her courage , < PROPMALE > hair cut today !! oO i soooo hope its gonna b ok ...... ~ 
Staying in NY w/fam , party on sat ., lifes good :) 
ugh ! I barely get internet connection here ! do u know how long it took to get this status up ?! i know i know im in NY , and should B having the time of my life , but I'm stuck @ my aunts house and kinda boored :( No worries , going to NJ 2morrow :) suuuupa esciteeeeeed :) 
Found the sweetest of honeydews on my jog this morning . I almost forgot about those things . they smell sooo nice . :) 
Can't Wait To PAINT :) :) :) im painting and shopping todayyyyyyyyyyyy yay :) ExCiTeDDD 
The fireworks @ west orange high were beautifull :) 
jump run play sleep , close eyes dream bleak , music dance close eyes , fireflies in night skies , sun shine night time , bittersweet pastime , forever is now , never know how , confess a mess , to Jesus avow , live life , eat death , end strife , breathe breath , balance gives and tends to take , to fix one must make a break 
THE SCHOOL ACTUALLY INVITED ME BACK !!! YEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH !!!!!!! NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO IS HOOK MY MOM !!!!!!! YEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH ! WHEEEW !!!! YEAH ! 
Imagine this : you have to figure out what you want to do with the rest of your life within a week , all the while scouting out every nearby prospect college without a car , or help , all alone . SuCkSSSSS !!! welcome to my life yay ! 
Me+ Sidewalk+ Blazing Sun + 4 < PROPMALE > = 2000 gallons ( Me + Water ) 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS & SEE WHAT PPL RATE U ! 1 . crazy , 2 . Sweet , 3 talkative , 4 . sarcastic , ...... 5 . miss u , 6 . nice , 7 . moody , 8 . dumb , 9 . mouthy , 10 . spoiled , 11 . random , 12 . hot , 13 . funny , 14 . fit , 15 . amazing , 16 . tough , 17 . cute , 18 . Totally Geeky , 19 . silly 20 . luv u ,...... 21 . gorgeous 
IM WATCHING ORPHAN AND ITS SOOO SCARY !!!! OMG OMG , THE BROTHER , HES GONNA DIEEEEEEEE !!!! AAAAAA 
Pretty Little Liars :) 
bubble , < PROPFEMALE > , swirl , peanutbutter , cracker , nutella , green , plant , cafe world , style , shabby , splatter , paint on couch , yellow lamp , wall , marker , fun , kids , approve , design , ask , question , 20's , drop , hear , transform , cut , rip , outside 
HUGE REALIZATION\ 
Scratching is so screwed up . its like , natures ultimate payback ! it dosent like us killing its bugs and trees , so it has us claw at ourselves until we bleed ( like scratching cuts) ! And the more we scratch , the more we want toooo !!! itch itch , darrnit , wheres the Gold Bond ?! 
made onion rings for the first time tonight ... they turned into giant black and brown blobs ..... ops ..... MOM ! DinNeRS SerVedD !! 
Orange , statue , sagacity , cornice , despotic , delve , devil , flag , stream , buggy , bugle , polkadot , curl , hat , elephant , zebra , stripes , pin , pinball , dance , palate , glasses , frame , green ... 
ok , so I'm TRYING to make myself ambidextrous , but its getting soooo frustrating ! its like learning to write all over again ! Everything is so squiglly looking !! arg ... MY day WILL CoME !!! 
Soooo bored !! NY is no fun when ur by ur self ..... sigh ..... 
Going to the pool with my Uncle and he's bringing ppl .... he's bringing me and a bunch of 11 year old boys . not exactly what I had in mind I'll bring a book :) 
\BULL #^^% $70 SCUBA DIVING EQUIPMENT MY @$$ \ " -angry man @ beach w/broken goggles in clenched waving hand " 
In God we trust ; all others must pay cash . 
In God we trust , all others must pay cash ..... or debit 
No auntie , I dont need therapy . Yes auntie , I know how to swipe the metro card . Wait auntie , I cant do all that at once . Sorry auntie , I really didn't hear you . Yes auntie , I washed my face and brushed my teeth today . \ 
my life @ 17 
What if our planet was another planet's Hell ? 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Infinite Playlist is a GREEAAT movie :) i love it 
Snow Whites doing dishes again , cuz what else can u do with 7 itty bitty men ? \ 
Sends them to bed , then she calls up her friend , says \ 
Can you meet me at midnight ? 
just saw Yes Man , and now , i will say yes to EVERYTHING :) !!!! hahahahaaaaaa !!! two weeks ... no one month , of YES !!! 
1 month of YES , workin ' well so far ... X ) 
Can somebody tell me why my mom wants me in therapy ? she doesn't even know me well enough to say so ! UGH ! im FiNE !!! 
My < PROPFEMALE > pet is 12 DAYS OLD NOW !!! New record ! STILL ALIVE ! \ 
WHEEEW YEAH ! \ 
WHOS COOL ? \ 
NOT ME ! \ 
CUZ IM SUPER DUPER MEGA AWESOMELY KILLER WICKED COOL !!! 
YES ! YES ! Yes ! Yes . yes . sure ..... ( through gritted teeth/forced smile ) ... YES ! 
I know that you know , but do you know that I know you know ? I just wish you didn't know in the first place . 
U kno ur getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair you once got from a roller coaster ..... 
bowling , kayaking , movies , re-baptize , shoppn , chlln , convinced , bck 2 school , smr readn , MapleStory , i cant believe its not buttr , fluffy pillow , messy paint , yellow bag , chinese food 
THANK YOU GOOOOODDDD !!!! XDDDDDDDD 
well , 11 days ! :DDDDD *( oozing w/excitement )* 
4 2morrow , The Village .... SHOPPING !! oooooo yeaaaaah bby lol :} 
o good morrow freedom , twas nice knowing u . back 2 hell 2morrow ...... sigh .... :{ 
over 1,500 channels , and nothing is on .... great job you television entertainment businesses . great job 
well , great . Im not leaving until next week :| .... another week of being alone in NY .. :{ 
i wuz just wondrn ... do prison buses have emergency exits ? 
Im Justn This Boint 2morrow !! free free , free at last !!! 
yay ! im finally home !.... but now i have to pack up 4 skool ... ( excited :D ) 
Packing .. cant wait till 2morrow 2 c all my friends and new roomie < PROPFIRST > Felder !!! and my phone works again ! its been months ... so happy !! 
is lost in a swirl of events and new people ... maybe a good lost , we'll see 
Stupid guitar ... so distracting , stop looking at me , i need to finish my work !! 
wild child ... oh dear ..... 
Kinda loves life about now :D 
Nothing more welcoming like a nice argument first thing back home ... ahhhh .. gotta love home sweet home :D 
Aint no party like my < PROPFEMALE>'s tea party !! 
party 2nite in Atlanta babyyy !!!! 
crap ... this < PROPMALE > history test is gonna kick my patuski ... 
okay , only in < PROPFEMALE > would someone mistake a Burger < PROPMALE > sign for the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is excited for hiking tomorrow :D yay 
God , they are wearing leaves .... thank you for my sanity 
would love a 7 day nap please 
fmylife.com is banned from govie laptops in the dorms . WTF ?! \ 
FML 
once upon a time , \ 
someone destroyed all the SAT's . Everyone lived happily ever after ... \ 
The End 
needs some actors soon , don't have to be a drama student ..... anybody up 4 helping me out a bit ? 
is excited and happy :P yay 
He charmed Mrs Higgins till she turned red !! dude , that was hilarious . hilarious ... 
would love to know why she hears < PROPFEMALE > Merkel's sewing machine all the way in her room . At first I thought it was a hamster wheel ..... 
What if our souls in our body right now were only one part of our souls , and we had 7 souls in different bodies all over the world , and we didn't know it , and when we died , all our souls combined again and we became really wise ? 
by what i gathered , the SAT is like a bad relationship . Nobody wants to go back to it , but they do anyway , some people even go back more than 3 times ! ridiculous ! 
so happy to be freeee from < PROPMALE > history !!! no hw tonight , so , yaaay , i can sleep early ! 
wondering y ppl answer txts more than phone calls ... i think calls are wayeasier , but i guess that may b just me .. 
it can be a good thing , or just sad when u find out who your real friends are .... 
have a nice thanksgiving everybody ! bye ! <3 see you guyz after break :) 
Oh how I detest the , < PROPMALE > History . Thou shalt die ! 
Enjoyed seeing her beautifull AwsomE srs . :) 
If i just say fire alarm or 2 in the morning or exam day number 1 , everyone would know what incident im talking about , I loathe you freezing weather , but especially when i'm supposed to be sleeping . 
That performance was soooo cool ! Great ! i couldn't stop moving . im happy :) 
100 ON PHYSICS EXAMS BABY !!! OH YEAH !!!! :D :D :D :D :D 
im getting $ 64,000 if i go to Watkins ?! what ?! that's what i'd gladly pay thEM ! Gosh , Im so happy ! 
hey mom , is this christmas break or army camp ? i would like some free time , u know , time when Im not cleaning at 9 in the morning ? \ 
....... * mom*- < PROPFEMALE > ! where are you ? Come clean this carpet with a toothbrush ! the guests are comming tomorrow ! act like you have some life in you ! * ....... sigh 
LUnar EClipSE ToniGHT !!! excited :) 
arg , there are only 2 people in this world that make me want to use physical violence . why do they have to live with me ?... 
Beautifull . \ 
Like god is sprinkling powdered sugar sprinkled on our little < PROPFEMALE > bread houses , spreading vanilla icing over rooftops in thick blankets , making South < PROPFEMALE>'s own little white sea . \ 
Everywhere , \ 
Beautifull . Snow . 
With < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Cheng , i ate .... \ 
\ 
octopus , sushi , boc choy , real tofu , mussels , soup , pizza , buffalo wings , pizza , rice , cake , chips , apples , cereal , oranges , fluffy white bread stuff , mango , kabobs , more sushi , crab legs , shrimp , eclairs , cookies , < PROPFEMALE > chicken , a french fry , and a bunch of other foods i cant think of ........ \ 
Isn't this why we started the diet together in the first place ? 
I am anointed to paint . I will paint , and because of God I will paint on a level that the world is not familiar with . All for the < PROPFEMALE > of God . \ 
thake that world 
Things done subconsciously , those things say the most . 
So , only in SC can you have a snow day , for not even a foot of snow ... but i'm LOVIN it !!! <3 time to go make snow angels ! 
Biggest snowball fight EVER , and first time sledding . Let's do it again tomorrow ! I <3 snow days ! 
I mean hey , who doesn't love sleeping in , but this snow thing is being dragged out waay to long . This is weeeird . It's called salt the roads pepple ! get it together . 
Bollywood Zumba is the BeST ! fun stuff , fun stuff ... 
excited about the fashion show 2morrow !! :) yay my fingers are crossed ... 
in the dumps ... 
Guess who can finnaly centerrrrrrr ????!!!! Im SO HAPPY !!!!! five weeks and noww .... yes !! 
Just got back from a LIFE SIZE REPLICA of the parthenon !!!!! inside there was even a giant < PROPFEMALE > ! sooooo coooool !!! 
Why do i need a sat score of 1800 to be a secret agent ? nooooooooooo 
