my mind spirals out of control like < PROPFEMALE>'s tornando taking me away . my thoughts are my dreams . my words my reality . expressed through the outlet of a pen . creating my beautiful mightmare 

i dream of the day you look into me instead of through me . 
Calm midnight skies captivate starlit eyes as the soul basks in the moonlights rise . The mind wonders to and fro , no destination , nowhere to go . while thougths swim like gypsys in the sea , creating kaliedoscopic visions of being free 
Let me stare into your soul with the gentle touch of a lovers eyes . Let me caress your skin with warm breaths of parting lips . Let me fill your heart with passionate sighs , and hold your heart with desires fingertips 
Love is my < PROPFEMALE > , happiness my disguise . My heart races and pounds yearning for what cannot be found . Leading to its demise 
Show me yours , ill show you mine . Let our hearts embrace and souls entwine , Loses each other in each other for the rest of time . And let our thoughts combine as our worlds collide 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! hope everybody has a wonderful day . 
I've played jekyll for so long . bein nice and taking all the blame . now its time to let hyde come out and play 
its amazing what you find when your not looking for anything 
. added some pics of work i have done on my profile . take a look . open to comments 
The self inflicted wounds to my heart and soul Bleed through the oracls that have witnessed all I have caused . Causing streams of my pain to flow freely . Instantly drowning me in a sea of broken memories , My ony savior is a torniquit in the form of sin . 
FLORIDA BOUND ! 
Thanks Everbody ! and Happy Valentines Day to all 
Im sorry for who I am . For what you created . The monster you loved . the man that you hated 
Trees sway as the gentle breeze calls my name . The stars guide my way through the darkness , taking me away from the pain . i close my eyes , spread my wings , and fly away form a world that doesnt care . The brigth < PROPFEMALE > fillsmy lonely heart with visions of happiness . i wish i could stay , that i didnt have to leave . But i mus treturn to my empty life until i can again escape in my dreams 
He sits in the corner his life in his hands , The stars in his eyes , The world spirals around him , As the candles burn . Tunnel vision sits in and all he can see all the unanswered questions . Why ? His heart bursts with tears , As the stars fade , MAybe one day he will find the answers , Maybe one day he will find his way 
Calm midnight skies captivate starlit eyes , Asthe souls basks in the moonlights rise , The mind wonders to and fro , No destination , no where to go , While thoughts swim like gypsies in the sea , Creating kalidescopic visions of being free 
My heart pounds telling me she is the one , for me to let go . My mind whispers hold back , give it time , take it slow . Both are tired of the tears caused by the lonlinessand the pain , And long for the love we hope will be gained . What do i do , to which do i follow ? I will do both , take it slow and let her know . That i am willing to be here until the end , And i hope for the day that she is more than a friend 
I am with you everyday , but I am never really there . Like the morning mist of a sprong day , you catch a glimpse , then I fade away . I know your dreams and goals , your deepest secrets , your biggest fears . I come to you in your dreams , But I am never really there . Who am I ? I am you and you are me . we are one in the same . BUt I am never really there . 
Sweat rolls down glistening in the light , The candles shade your body like an artists sketch , Hair layed out like strainds of gold , Eyes closed , lips parted letting out sighs of ecstasy , My heart skips a beat , breath taken by the beauty before me . Soft touch of a < PROPFEMALE > , gentle gaze of a lover , Passion ignites , entwining our body and souls , As love blooms in the shadows dancing on the wall 
My mind spirals out of control , Like < PROPFEMALE>'s tornado it takes me from home , My thoughts are my dreams , My words my reality , Expressed thrrough the outlet of a pen , Creating my beautiful nightmare 
i dream of the day you look into me instead of through me . And see me for the man I am today instead of the boy I was yesterday 
I'm lost with nowhere to go . On this lonely road i walk alone . My soul screams but nobody hears . My heart bleeds drowning me in tears . The weight on my shoulders , i < PROPFEMALE > alone . Crying inside so nobody will know . Afraid to let people see , the man that is really me . 
how many times have i looked in the mirror at the broken reflection of a man who isnt there ..... 
