My\ 
name is so muthafuckin swagg dressed . dont put it in ya mouth less dats\ 
how u will be addressed . excuse my penis dis is not all access . u\ 
bitches lookin at me like my < PROPMALE>'s attractive . lol i gotta bad habbit\ 
fa traction . im < PROPMALE > in down dis track til its pussy n i getta fuckin\ 
chain reaction . 

~ i am dope . gotta new swag !.. take a hita dis shit . im stuck on it like stupid n i think i am my addiction .. its fuck da world , wit tunnel vision . u can not see me . i am beyond u bitches .. hello world , im still wet behind da ears lately . im fresh like it hasnt even been a year baby . lol fresher den a fuckin baby so fuck a reinlistment u can kick me out da fuckin navy .. ~ 
i needa get dis paper ... 
gd night facebook ! 
the world is fulla fake ass ppl . fuck da world 
ITS FUCK DA WORLD , WIT TUNNEL VISION ! U CANNOT SEE ME . I AM BEYOND U BITCHES !! 
aight den ... guess ima call it a night .. . http://bit.ly/abqbcb 
REAL IS ONLY A PERSPECTIVE of one's own OPINION . REAL NIGGAZ DO REAL THINGZ N FAKE BITCHES DO FAKE THINGS BUT DONT ALWAYS ADMIT TO IT .... . http://bit.ly/bdMbaz 
My best friend used to say dis shit .. Just another day in paradise . lol i shol wish u could drink one wit me . goin back to mississippi soon tho . prolly dis or next week . i cant fuckin wait ! 
thanx fa all da bday wishes n evryone else dats fucked up tho but its all gravy tho 
September 14 , 1986- 2010 .. Still da realest nigga alive .. lol . hello life , im feelin myself a bit much but u dont feel me . i dont care if u'z a bitch . i bet i'd < PROPMALE > u down real DEEP !! lol happy birthday self 
Love , you are my answer to my prayers . The Lord has sent you to me so you should never forget your roots . Its a blessing from God when I can tell you I love you NO MATTER WHAT and you can see the love the Lord is pouring out because with love like that who needs any other than that . Praise God that you are my answer because I do daily . ? < l :-P ? ? 
ok , NOMO facebook video games . somethin is seriously wrong wit dis picture n i finally got my sign but why woud u name a game character the < PROPFIRST > of the < PROPFIRST > of the beast like dis is kool or somethin ? SERIOUSLY ???...??.. WOW !! 
goin out to find work today . gotta be productive sumhow 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE57VcA8E_M 
i miss the way things used to be . wit my wife , my bestfriend , my family , evrything . nothin is the same anymore :( 
i cant wait to be goin back to okie soon . seems like its takin foreva !! 
soon enough I will have my bestfriend back n I will be seein my wife . hope all is gd n blessed wit evrybody 
by his stripes we are healed 
man i miss my niggas 
Always fallin in fast love .. she just trippin . I'm feelin nicer than a back rub .. im smellin myself .. cuz im fresh outta da bathtub .. 
hmmm ... what is on your mind ?..??..... ( Vernon speaking)- \i hope u birds fall as da wind blows . i am beyond simple . i am as fly as da wind blows . \"" 
Does anybody even realize that the word mentioned that nobody will kno the day or the time so just chill the fuck out n relax . life goes on until it dont . who cares if todays the day or tomorrow or w.e. cuz eitha way we aint gonn be able to stop it from happenin . things just happen as it wants to . 
has anyone seen disaster movie ? shit is hilarious ! 
happy 4th of July evrybody !! 
man i am still drunk as shit . Gettin my hair twisted up today in a hour n a half . 
