Okay at first I thought oh face book is just laggin a bit , but now it's really starting to piss me off . GO SUCK A < PROPMALE > FACE BOOK ! stupid technology go crash or something . 

trying not to be so anti social . trying to make new friends . hopeing people stop listeing to rumors . this year wont be easy at all . (: but ima be okay . im a soldier anyways . 
im sitting back waiting for the daylight (: and i have the highest hopes that i get to see him thisweekend (: 
ya birthday tomarrow . yupp . intense . ya . to much shit on my mind . 
FUCK YOUR MYTHOLOGY (:< 
its funny how day by day nothing changes but when you look back everything is diffrent . 
i was hopeing that night in june things would never change , but its too late to tell you how i feel and its to late to apologize and its to late to tell you i still love you ... 
< PROPMALE > gump never been so sweet of a movie to watch but tonight im really feelin a good ole sit down n tv . do me some good ever once and a while . 
sorry for all the sioux valley people ... i wont be comming home to visit im reaaly sorry yall . ) : 
I'll move to < PROPFIRST > , shoot some heroin , and fuck with the stars . 
Is leaving for Taylorville Illinois now (: I will see you guys verry soon ! excited 
Mayday Parade (: 
Can see < PROPFIRST > for two weeks ): 
thats kind of sad you guys way to make someone feel confident . 
Im so happy with him (: its ridic . 
hmmmm . FOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD . hmmmmmm . SLEEEPPPPPPPPP . 
Hmmm . want to know what really sounds good right about now . Fist pumpin music and nachos (: 
I was to leggit to leggit to quit ! Travis (: 
people are strange when your a stranger faces look ugly when your alone . The doors . 
People need < PROPFEMALE > chill . (: and be happy . go use a blow basket . 
I got money to blow . 
RIP koda . Hopefuly tomorrow will work out . 
This is so .... grrrrrrr . 
I went to the book store earlier to buy a ' Where's < PROPMALE>' book . When I got there , I couldn't find the book anywhere . Well played < PROPMALE > , well played (: 
happy holidays (: 
is making bills origami 
Im walkin on sunshine Oh Oh (: 
Why does there have to be statuses i mean it seems so bland without one but also its a bitch to have one because i never know what to write and even if i write something its of no importance at all .... wow what the world is comming too . i wonder how tweeters do it . 
Dont let anything or anyone deprive you from happiness . 
i need a car . i need to go shopping . but in order to do these things i need a better job . hmmm i dislike not havning money to blow . 
I take a breath . i exhale think about life then i see that all will be fine . i just take a deep breath and leave it all behind 
Oh reading Kristins comments allways make me smile . im sorry girl i cant spell verry well . 
WHATS YOUR BEST MEMORY WITH ME ? 
I miss home . taylorville illinois . 
If I leave here tomorrow Would you still remember me ? For I must be traveling on , now ' Cause there's too many places\ 
I've got to see (: 
taking on the intrest of tarot cards . (: 
wrap yourself around me cuz i aint the way you found me (: 
And when the night is cloudy , there is still a light , that shines on me , \ 
shine until tomorrow , let it be (: 
Its the way my heart beats ... ever so softly (: 
Just blew out my speakers . does anyone have a set of computer speakers they dont use ? greatly appreciate it 
I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby . 
excuse me while i kiss the sky & hearts ; 
so valentines day is commin up :/ so is prom double :/ and why do we have valentines day off when we didnt have < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > day off ? WTF 
Earotto jumbooo FACEBOOOKKKKKK ! on the phone with < PROPFIRST > and austin (: i love my jumbo niggs in tville & hearts ; rummm & hearts ; what a suyccses 
yeah i broke that seal bitch but i got it fixed see i dont get mad i stay glad like a muh fukn zip lock bag (: 
You hold on to love that’s gone \ 
Run a mile to see him smile \ 
But you don’t know he’s door to door playin ' you for the fool 
< PROPFEMALE > and Sprite . 
You’re the reason I’m trav’lin’ on\ 
Don’t think twice , it’s all right ? BobDylan 
I miss you . 
Last night was great , havent seen nate in over half a year so it was great chillen with him . I laughed really hard . 
But as long as I love you i'm not free . How long must I suffer such abuse ? Won't you let me see you smile before I cut ya loose (: < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Last night was pretty alright 
Hard To Explain-The Strokes & hearts ; Think I may be going into Dells on Wed ... hmm well I hope soo (: hit me up . 
??, philosophe ???, ?? ??? ??? ?? ??? ? ????, ??? ??? ???? ?? ( ??? ?? ??? ? ?? ?? ? ??? ?? ? ?????? ? ???? ;\ 
& hearts ; 
I must admit I don't believe in it , but I see how you get sucked in & hearts ; TheKooks 
:) 
We all float on alright & hearts ; 
