NO ! Frostys melting !! I want the snow back ! 

Follow me on Twitter @Sarahmbm ..... I Tweet ! Heehee ! 
I have a song stuck int my head and it won't go away .... :P 
I was the butt of all the jokes today @ work . Apparently when I yell I sound like a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > bird call ... What the hell is that ??? :p 
Tomorrows payday !!! Woo Whoo !!! 
SNOW , again !!!! Are we really in Texas ???? 
Needs motivation ..... 
Tried & sore .... blah , blah , blah .... 
I think I have gotten my days and nights mixed up .... Tomorrows gonna be a bitch . 
Laughter really is the best medicine !! :) 
10-7 shift rocks ! There is less work to do ! Heehee ! :) P 
I think I need a brain transplant ... having way to many brain farts lately . Counldn't remember what BTW meant . 
Applied for an apartment today .... really hoping I get it .... it is across the street from a park . Can I just buy the park and take it with ??? J/K 
Currently feeling like the biggest ass in the world ! 
WOOHOO !!! I got the apartment !! :) 
Just gave my notice ! :) 
Yea !! They saved Big < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
Why is that somebody always wants to do the same thing your doing at the same time your doing it . I was the only one working out in the gym after work ... Until this week . We only have one treadmill & guess which machine she wants to use . Of course it has to be the one I''m using ! 
Just heard TLC's \Don't Go Chasin Waterfalls\ " on the radio .... I still remember when that first came out .... I feel old now ! " 
Why do guys stand girls up ?? 
Just got my hair ! It feels sooo good ! :) 
I have offically , offically been approved for my apt . Yippeee !! 
They have a new porn magazine for the blind now ... with raised text and pictures .... What are they going to think of next ? 
Just signed my lease ! 
Its really sad when u forget how to spell Jello . 
Doing a Tarot reading ... 
Woohoo ! They finally got rid of < PROPMALE > . He looked like a vampire when he smiled anyway . 
Is feeling really crappy .... it seems I have a knack for trouble here lately . 
Just got finished getting an unexpected makeover from my aunt . 
Whats wrong with < PROPFEMALE > ! I cant believe they just voted < PROPFEMALE > off ! 
WooHoo ! Tomorrows Payday ! :p 
Somebody just tried to steal my freakin identity ! 
It's scary movie weekend ! :p 
I feel like I have become meaner with age . I don't want to end up as one of those little old ladies who yells at children ! :( 
Somebody needs to take my debit card away from me more often I spend so much less w/o it . 
Totally addicted to YoVille ! That's pretty bad that I have nothing better to do . 
It should be illegal for anyone to attempt to sing a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > song ! Nobody can top MJ ! 
I got dragged to a baby shower for someone I don't know today without a gift ... I feel like such a party crasher . 
Some people really need to take a chill pill . 
Can't believe I slept until noon ! I've got things to do ! 
Don't want to go to the grocery store . I hate grocery store ! 
\I just wanna sniff some glue \"- My new favorite saying ! Courtesy of the Ramones ! " 
I hate money ! Money is evil , evil , evil ! 
Ok , so this is really , really random .... but I want a pet chipmunk ! 
One more work day til my vacation ... if I don't get a break I just might spontaneously combust . 
Really wishes her car would stop eatting her pants ! LOL ! Sowing is not her forte . 
Is sooooo glad she has til next Tuesday off because she has just about had it with her job ! 
If it is going to be this humid outside , we should at least have the benefit of having an ocean within 10 < PROPMALE > . 
Needs advice .... How do not take shit from somebody yet at the same don't stoop to their level ??? 
Sometimes I wish I didn't have to worry about neighbors so I can blast my music as loud as I want ! 
Is wishing her apts . would hurry up & come fix her disposal so she can go take a nap before she has to go back to the Madhouse tomorrow . She has called them twice since Thursday and they still haven't come & it's starting to stink . 
OMG , I just almost nearly ran over this guy that stood me up and one of his girlfriends ! I didn't do it on purpose , I promise ! If I intended to run him over I would have done it way before now ! Maybe I should have ??? Damn , I am starting to wish I had stepped on the accelorater instead of the break . Please , forgive me God ! 
Sometimes I feel like my life is a cartoon ... a really ironic one ! I am Wylie Coyote ! Everything always seems to bite me in the ass eventually .... it may take several months but it always bites ! 
Make as many memories as you can ... b/c someday that's all you will have . 
OMG , that was sooooo much fun ! I just went and stood in the pouring rain & am soaking wet ! Heehee ! Don't be afraid of life ! Embrace it ! 
Lifes a dance you learn as you go , sometime you lead , sometimes you follow .... \ 
Can't get that song out of my head ! :) 
So I really wanted to stop on the side of the road on my way home and play in the biggest puddle I could find but I settled for taking my shoes off before I got out of the car . I Love , Love , Love walking barefoot in the rain !!! 
Bored . Don't have to go to work until 1pm today & could not go back to sleep the morning . 
Eating < PROPFEMALE > & watching Woodstock ..... I wanna be a hippie flower child !!! :p 
Do wah diddy diddy dum diddy do .... just heard that song on the radio .... talk about taking you back .... thats one of the first songs I learned how to play . 
Facebook is soooo tame compared to Myspace ! Thank God ! 
has the \mean reds\ " if you know what I am talking about .... if you don't go watch Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s . " 
needs to quit listening to country music because it just makes her sad . 
Is praying that she did not leave her Who CD in Seattle ... b/c she can't freakin find it .... This sucks !! 
Spent my day trying to keep a nosey Lil'fart from finding out all of our baby shower plans for her . Come on Lil'J! Your Mama's driving us crazy ! 
When sending out Baby Shower invitations use a male co-workers email address .... It's the ultimate payback !!! Hahaha !!! :) 
Is excited b/c she gets to go baby shopping this weekend ! :) 
I just got a cartilage piercing ! I have wanted one forever and I can't believe I just got it ! WooHOO ! 
It's NOT Human Error , it's the freakin system ! Stupid Big Boss is n town & wants to change the way we do everything b/c it's more convient for him . Doesn't care if we are already short handed as it is . 
Sometimes I just don't understand life ... 
Fun day !.... had a sticker war with my co-workers ... spent the day making sure knowbody had stuck a sticker on my back ... my own fault b/c I started it .... Plus , a Baby Shower ! :) 
The heat is frying my brain ! 
Bored ..... 
Laundry day .... Big YUCk ! 
Is going to have crappy , dirty , unwashed hair for a year if this hole in my ear doesn't get unsore ! :( 
Wishes she could find a peaceful place close to home ... it's really inconvenient having your peaceful place all the way across the country . I miss the ocean ! 
All I have to say is ..... NO FREAKIN WAY ! 
Can't wait for the weekend .... I need another vacation .... the first one wasn't long enough .... 
has officially achieved the first step in finding her way out of Idaho .... Yay for ME ! :) 
Ok to clarify , I wasn't and never have been in Idaho , unless you count flying over it . It is an inside joke I have going with a friend in Seattle . And yes somebody actually thought I was in Idaho . 
I'm late , I'm late for a very important date ..... No but I will be late if I don't get my ass up ...... 
Peace ... just one day of peace is all i ask for ... TGIF ! 
It has taken me five yrs to relize when i took this job i officially sold my soul to the devil ... 
I'm gonna kill him !! My cowork film me n my car on the way home singing & dancing to music apparently we were stopped @ a red light together . i'm gonna k 
I wish it would rain again i would luv to sit n the rain rite now 
Can't sleep .... 
Needs music but can't decide what to listen to ..... 
Is being way to nosy .... action outside .... got go .... 
Wishes she could figure out how to make her freaking Myspace private again !!! GRRRRR ! 
Layin on the floor in my living room listenin to < PROPFEMALE > Yearwood . 
Tired of feeling this way ..... 
Maybe if I get up and do some cleaning it will make me feel better .... NOT ! 
For every life that dies a new life is born . 
Long Day + Mountain Music ( Sooo Not My Choice ! ) = HEADACHE 
Industrial Barbell piercing ! Heehee ! How do you sleep with one of those in ????? 
Can't go back to sleep ... Almost time to get up anyway ... :( 
Heehee ! I luv dancin to Jailhouse Rock ! 
Long Day .... forgot that you can't save when you are in an email attachment twice today and ended up having to do double the work . 
Is sooo glade that her piecing has quit hurtin completely ! Yay ! :) 
RAGE !!! RAGE !!!... it was supposed to be a normal battery run ... but Oh , no life has to bite me in the ass again ... I just had to run into the f**kin ass ! Isn't it enough already that I almost ran him over .... does life really have to spite me again ! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! Beware , Life , I do bite back ! 
Hurt is the price we pay for being different . 
It's Friday !! Yippee !!! :) 
My name is not < PROPFEMALE > , I don't speak spanish , and I don't need a contractor ... So quit freakin calling me ! 
Bored ... 
Somebody take me back to 1970 when you could hear the music on the AM radio ..... 
Dermal punch ... ewww , ewww , ewww ! I am officially obsessed ! 
Is dreading tomorrow & the next two months . Supervisor is gonna be on maternity leave . She is training someone else to do her reports but now has decided that she does not have faith in that person and is training me to do her reports so that I can beat the other person to them and turn them in . Can my life get anymore complicated ? 
Can't sleep ... I'm getting tired of this . 
So I just woke up from an after work \nap\ " & totally freaked out b/c I thought I was late for work . Didn't realize that it was still Monday until I was walking around half dressed in my living room with the blinds up . Then I saw it was dark outside . Welcome to my world ! I am a complete and total SCREWBALL ! At least I have something to be proud of ! Heehee ! :P " 
My supervisor is about to drive me up the wall ... get out of here & go have your baby already ! 
Just cooked & now I don't want to eat ... why did I even bother . 
Just saw the most goregous sunrise ! I wish I had my camera . 
You know something is wrong when the only thing that sounds good to eat is Ramen Noodles . 
When do we ever get rain in August !? This is the one time in my life I will probably ever say this , but I really don't like rain right now . 
It rained tonight for a reason ... so I will have something to keep me distracted tomorrow . 
Happy Birthday , Mama ! I miss you ! You will always be in my heart . RIP 
Hates it when little old ladies ask you if you have a boyfriend ! 
I just got my tragus pierced ! :) It didn't hurt at all ! But she had to use the clamps on me b/c I have a small tragus . 
Has gone back to the 80's .... 
Sometimes you just need a hug . 
Is not having a good day ... just had to crawl through a window . 
In support or memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who continue to conquer cancer or has lost their battle . Put this up if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ? Love to those who are in the fight or who have ost the battle . \ 
\ 
* you will always be missed * 
Gets to get away from the madhouse for one morning ! Yay ! 
Tired ... 
Is worried her ear is gonna fall off ... it hurts .... 
I love sitting in the dark at night and looking out my window ! I love nighttime ! 
Oh , great , today's Friday the 13th ... what kind of trouble am I gonna get into today ... 
Help ! The boys are slowly killing me ! Ahhhhh ! 
MAD ! They are driving me MAD ! 
Is Hydrogen Peroxide supposed to smell like vineger ? Oh no , I really am going mad ! 
Is addicted to online gaming ... 
Has some < PROPMALE > cleanin to do tomorrow . 
Is sooo not gonna get anything done today . Guild Wars is AWESOME ! 
My life seriously needs to be a cartoon ! You know you need to slow down when you find yourself juggling onions to prevent a landslide at the grocery store . 
Can't sleep again , so what else is new ... 
Just heard Limp BizKit on the radio ! I haven't heard them in forever ! 
Here we go again ... I need another vacation ... the turds are harrassing me already ! 
Tired + Headache = Nap \ 
Lets just hope i don't freak out when I wake up this time . 
Today is not the day to fuck with me ! I will knock you on your ass ! The turds better grow up ! 
Is starting to believe that all men are retarded ! 
This is the one time I will be able to say that Everclear got me through the day . Whoever came up with the name for that band was a freakin genius ! 
Dam ! Saline really works ! I should probably follow directions next time . 
Must control temper ! Hate when people give a 1 word answer & then u find out there is a catch when all they had to do was elaborate . 
Has gotta make a pit stop @ a tattoo shop on the way home today . This sucks ! :( 
The people at Tattoo By Design are AWESOME ! If you are looking to get a tattoo or piercing I highly recommend them ! :) 
Is just realizing she has a million things to do before the end of the year ! 
OMG , I just killed a cricket & they about shot me up here ! Now I feel bad . 
Oh the joy of stuffing ur ear with cottonballs . ( sarcasm ) 
is thinking about getting her hair dyed bright purple , pink , or green . Anybody got any opinions ? I would greatly appreciate them . Should I do it or not ???? 
OMG , I think I know what's wrong with me ... I'm going through a mid-mid-life crisis ! I'm fixing to 25 ! 
Is so tired of criticism .... from everybody ! Yes , I'm shy and soft-spoken , and I wanna dye my hair purple ! NOW LEAVE ME ALONE ! 
Is hiding from the world for the rest of the day .... 
Hates it when people take advantage of ur Kindness ! I gave him a ride b/c he doesnt have a car & he's my coworker . I am such a fuckin sucker ! 
Today is really not a good day ! Why do people insist on telling you stuff you don't want to know ? If you ask me it sounds a little far fetched too ! 
Reports , Reports , Reports ... I hate the 1st of the month ! Never thought I'd say this but ... I MISS MY SUPERVISOR ! 
Today is gonna be a good day ... I just saw a rainbow ! :) 
This little girl just asked me for napkins ... she was so cute ! Leave it to a kid to cheer you up . :) 
If feels AMAZING outside ! 
Run < PROPMALE > , Run ... OMG , I am so mean ! But that's all I can think now when I see him ! 
It is was so nice to be able to wear my hair down today ... I hate having to wear it up b/c of the heat . 
Is sooo tired of secret keeping !! I spilled my guts this morning and now I pray that my coworkers don't blab . 
Being at this site all week is giving me flashbacks ... Can't believe it's been 5 years . 
It's FRIDAY ! YIPPPEEE !!!! :) 
I've heard a tatt feels like a bad sunburn but does it really feel like a box cutter is cuttin u ?? Not sure if I can trust the turd ? 
I feel a whole lot better now ! 
Is trying to talk herself into doing laundry ... wonder if they will except \I have no clothes to wear\ " as an excuse to not to come to work ??? J/K HaHa ! " 
Saw a lady today that reminded me sooo much of my grandma . Dressed like her ... Even had her attitude . LOL ! I miss you Nanaw ! R.I.P. 
1 Large Pizza = Me No Cooky for the rest of the week ! WOOHOO !! 
Wabbits , Wabbits .. I Wove the Wittle Wabbits at Work ! They are soooo cute ! Heehee ! :) 
Just did a Tarot reading for the 1st time in months ... it was very positive ! YAY ! I need some positive energy in my life right now ! :) 
As of today is officially ALLERGIC to fish ! Spent my day getting harassed b/c I told someone the truth ... I DON'T LIKE FISH ! People annoy me !!! 
OMG , standing in the rain is sooooo much fun .... yes I did it again ! I am soaking wet !!! Heehee ! :) 
As long as you enjoy your life it doesn't matter what other people think about you . 
Feeling guilty ... we just played a practical joke on a co-worker and I think we might have hurt his feelings a little . 
IT'S FALL !!! HEEHEE ! So nice out this morning ! :) 
So I got pink hair dye today .... I was afraid to try it myself but they told me I was gonna have to buy a < PROPFEMALE > for them anyway plus pay $95 ... so I might as well do it myself ... I think I will wait and get my hair cut first though . 
I LOVE FALL ! 
Sucky day ... flat tire & upset stomach ... 
This has been a really crappy weekend !!! 
I really miss my mommy right now ! \ 
It may sound childish ... but you will never understand until you have experienced it . 
is just tired of dealing ... this year has really sucked and I can't wait for it to be over with ... 
Shopping always makes me feel better ... & it's even better when you find out you have lost a couple of sizes ! WOOHOO ! 
Just to creepy , no power or phone @ my place , where's the serial kill . @ Target buyin flashlights . 
YAY ! Powers back on now ! I have to admit camping out for the night did sound kind of fun . 
I can't take anymore ! Please let this week be over with ! My stupid tummy just made me throw up again .... 
Got another flat tire , WTF ? Stuck n a parkin lot waitin to b pick up . 
is almost afraid to go anywhere this weekend ... I really don't need anymore nails in my tires . 
Who the hell doesn't < PROPFEMALE > Famous Amous Chocolate Chip Cookies .... Minyards ! Grrrrr ... I had to settle for Chips Ahoy . :( 
All the talk about 9/11 is making me sad .... 
My life sucks !!! Just hurt my ankle dancing to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Teenage Dream ... Guess that means I'm a little to old for dancing . Shhhhhh , don't tell anybody !!! 
It is officially a new week !!! YAY ! And it is going to be a good week ! No more bad luck , just a sore foot . 
Is dying to jump up and down because she can wear skinny jeans now !!! I don't want to take them off ! 
is praying that when she gets old and gray the world will be a different place , with a lot more tolerance and respect for all the different kinds of people and cultures in the world . 
Just went and sat outside for a good while ... it was sooooo nice .... reminded me of when I was little . When I closed my eyes I almost felt like a kid again . 
So had today off and decided to get out but I got stopped by a police officer for speeding ( I have a lead foot ) . And then I come home and and go across the street to the park b/c I need to be outside alone & cry . Oh , but guess what two more police officers have to stop & play twenty questions with me , guess it is illegal now to sit and cry at your park . Great birthday present for me , huh ! 
Thank You to everybody for all the birthday wishes ! You guys are all awesome ! :) 
Is confined to breezeway sitting from fear of being arrested . Geeze , I just want some privacy !.... I have to admit the little girl that lives behind me is cute though .... 
Doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow .... 
And the countdown to the weekend begins again .... 
OK , enough depressing thought for the day ... need to go find something fun to do .... 
MUMBLE !!!! 
OMG , I just went outside and sat against the wall in my breezeway ... I closed my eyes and relaxed so much I almost fell asleep ... then this girl comes by and looks at me like something is wrong with me & says \r u OK\ " .... WTF ??? No I am not OK .... I can't get any privacy outside !!! GEEZE !!! Do I look like a Hobo or something ??? " 
Disturbed's new album freakin kicks ass ! Love it ! :) 
Oh , Geeze , gotta stop playin this CD .... it makes me bounce off the walls ! ( dancing ) Which means I'm probably gonna end up hurting myself again .... Yeah I know , I ' m a dork ! Heehee ! 
Tonights a Full < PROPFEMALE > !!! WOOHOO ! I'm a Werewolf !!! :) 
The bugs love me when I am outside .... I think I have a sign that says \BITE ME\ " in bug language on my back . LOL ! :) " 
I'm siting my window and this cat just came up and stretched out and scratched it's paws on my screen ... it was so cute/wierd ... by the time I got outside it was gone ... 
So it's kind of freaky when you find an ambulance , firetruck , three cop cars , & blood in your breezeway(@ least I think that's what it was ) ... I think my friend is right ... I live in the hood ... but I don't care ... the hood is home . 
I luv nighttime & it's so nice out tonight ! Sometimes I wished I could leave my windows open all night long ... but guess that isn't very safe . 
is feeling very BLAH ... 
If you can't tell from all the quizzes .. I'M BORED !! 
I didn't know that if you opted for Defensive Driving you still had to freakin pay $117 to take the damn class ! FML ! 
Can't stop coughing & sneezing .... 
just needs a hug ... 
is going through a Sonic < PROPFEMALE > Limeade phase .... YUMMY ! 
Is wondering why the hell somebody propped her screen door open with shoes .... is there some kind of street meaning to this ... like the whole shoes on telephone lines thing ... 
< PROPFEMALE > drives better ! Yeah ! :) 
I hate doing laundry ! 
Can't find her freakin phone again ... GRRRRR ! 
Type O Negative ! I've been looking for you forever ! :) 
I really don't want to close my windows tonight .... it feels soooo good outside ! 
Tired ! Working 8:30 - 5:30 again is a Bitch ! I miss getting off early ! 
Embarrassed ... my phone just went dead during a phone conversation b/c I have used up all my minutes for the month . This sucks ! :( 
So I hit < PROPMALE > Hines last night .... LMAO ! J/K I'm not that type of girl ... I just couldn't resist saying it . :) 
Needs a reality check .... 
Tired & Headache ... 
Dear Lord , how do I get myself into these situations ? And just this once could you please point me in the right direction . 
Oh , geeze , I think I have completely lost my mind .... 
Drama ... FML ! 
Welcome to The Three Legs Butter Association ... LOL ! 
My friend has got my neighbors trying to < PROPMALE > on us !!! Sexual Powerhouse ..... 
Just got the cops called on us .... nearly got arrested for laughing .... 
Shit the cops are back again ... we didn't do anything I promise .... 
Just watched Avatar for the first time & OMG it's AMAZING ! I LOVE IT ! 
Stupid bug bites are driving me crazy ... I'm gonna scratch myself to death !!! 
Probably gonna regret saying this but ... MEN SUCK ! :( 
Has just about had it with everybody !! 
Itchy , Itchy .. just once I would like to spend the day outside WITHOUT getting bit by something ! 
Is missing Seattle ... 
There's a bobcat that comes up here at my work at night ... I want to see it ... It has two babies and they are going to come and pick them all up tonight . :( Poor Bobcat ! 
Can't sleep .... I feel like my life is out of control .... and I think it is .... 
Is excited to have a nice long weekend all to herself ... I get to rest ! No cops this weekend . 
Listening to the Rangers Game ... GO RANGERS !!!! 
My BFF said everybody in the state is watching the Rangers game b/c it's been so long since Texas had a winning team in anything . LOL ! 
I need a Rangers T-shirt now !!! Yippeeee ! :) 
It's been exactly one year since my mom died today .... I Miss You , Mom ! :( 
I bought a Rangers T-shirt ! Heehee ! :) 
I don't know any other way to describe it .. music is my release ... to understand me , you have to understand music ... or at least like it ... sometimes I think I was born in the wrong century ... :/ 
I need to quit thinking so much ... somebody please turn my brain off .... 
Just realized that she grabbed her cell phone charger this morning but forgot her cell phone ... I need a new brain ! 
Sometimes I wonder what life is really about .... :/ 
Be strong in the lord and , Never give up hope , You're going to do great things , I already know ,... Gods got his hand on you so , Don't live life in fear , Forgive and forget , But don't forget why your here , Take your time and pray , Thank God for each day , His love will find a way , These are the words I would say ~ By ~ The Sidewalk Prophets ~ 
Happy Halloween !!! 
OMG , it's a miracle , I cooked for the first time in months ... trying to break the fast food habit ... 
Hurt ... :( 
I am soooo not cut out for dating .... :( 
Sick :( 
My coworkers are making fun of me cause I'm still sick ... Turds ! :P 
I got a Kitten ! :) 
On a train ! Heehee ! :) 
I love CareBears !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody ! 
Happy New Year's! 
Has about had it with everything .... and almost everybody .... why does everything have to happen at once .... 
My car is fucked ... so looks like I will be riding the bus from now on .... 
Is about ready to give up .... 
Releaved ... 
Bad day ... got stuck n ice twice & < PROPFIRST > broke his ankle tryin to push my car ... just got back from the hospital . 
Just got back from Ft . Worth .... it is packed out there .. had to stand on the bus & train ... stupid superbowl . 
At the hospital with < PROPFIRST > again ... his ankle is not doing good ... 
Pissed ... but can`t say why ... 
My message to the world ... Go sniff some glue ... :/ 
I AM OK ! For those of you that don't already know < PROPFIRST > and I were in a motorcycle accident today ... we are very lucky to be alive ... we both got out with only scrapes and stitches ... Thank God ! So please don't worry ! 
Taking a bath with road burn all over you is a bitch ! 
Well , back to the hospital again on Monday ... stupid doctor scheduled < PROPFIRST > to have surgery before his insurance approved it ... I hate Baylor ! 
< PROPFIRST > has surgery tomorrow at 1pm on his ankle .... worried/nervous .... 
< PROPFIRST > is fixing to go into surgery ... he is nervous :/ and so am I 
My road burn still hasn't gone away and I am still sore .... please be more curtious to motorcyclists because this really sucks ! 
It hurts when the only family you have left disowns you because of who you're with ... missing my Mama ... :( 
OMFG , the cops in Ft . Worth are like leeches ... been pulled 4 times and haven't even been here a month ... and they want to search the car everytime ... like they are gonna find something illegal ... really ??? Stupid Pigs !!! 
Got our marriage certificate in the mail today ! Yippeeee ! :) 
Officially got my name changed today ... I am officially < PROPFEMALE > Sanders now ! Yipppee ! :) 
I Got to sit in a 1955 Chevy 250 & a 1968 Dodge Charger today ... They looked like brand new ... freakin sweet ! 
Just got stuck in an elevator at the library ... the fire department had to come and get us out . I hate elevators ! 
Monkey fart smells good . Heehee ! LOL ! :P 
Stuck in the emergency room ... sick . :( 
Fixing to move into our new apartment ... if anybody knows a good electric company please let me know . 
I want a 1985 Pontiac Firebird T-top ... but I guess I will have to live with what I got . 
You may not like the way I am living my life but I am HAPPY and that's all that matters !!! So go jump in a lake ! 
Anybody know what a good substitute for mushroom soup is ??? 
I got a job ! :) Yippeeee ! 
My husband went & got a glue stick the other day put it to my nose & told me to sniff ... guess he was trying to tell me to go sniff some glue . LOL ! 
