gingers have no soul 

If you love something , set it free . If it comes back to you , it's yours . If it doesn't , it never was . We do not possess anything in this world , least of all other people . We only imagine that we do . Our friends , our lovers , our spouses , even our children are not ours ; they belong only to themselves . Possessive and controlling friendships and relationships can be as harmful as neglect . 
Woke up quick at about noon Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon I gotta get drunk before the day begin Before my mother starts bitchin ' ' bout my friends 
Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . -Jimi Hendrix 
If nice guys finish last , and bad guys always die , who is the real winner ? 
well of course i smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse please don't shoot me down i'll land feet flat and walk a million < PROPMALE > with New Orleans on my back 
N-gga we are , so ready for the war , C-A-R-T-E-Rput the beat in ER , im colder than B-R , add another 3 R’s , watch me like D-V-D , V-C-R , pump to your chest I aint talkin CPR , riding this track like a muthaf-cking street car 
My Top 10 favorite rappers in no particular order except that Eminem and Lil < PROPMALE > are the top two spots in no particular order , then come < PROPFIRST > Three Stacks , Dr. Dre , 50 Cent , 2pac , Method Man , Jay-Z , Notorious B.I.G. 
Take the world as it is , not as it ought to be . 
Big shit nigga talk big shit nigga , Big bread bread like a picnic nigga , Shake the whole game like the hit stick nigga , Money spread like germs get sick nigga Yeaa , And fuck them other niggas , 1-900 who want I deliver , Concrete shoes wont help in the river , I dont care if you were < PROPFIRST > Phelps my nigga Im higher than a mothafuckin Alps my nigga 
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I .. got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window .. and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray , but your picture on my wall It reminds me , that it's not so bad , it's not so bad .. 
Okay back back to the fuckin ' basics You got yours and mine ya want tah taste it Open wide oh no don't ' cha waste it Oh shit all over ya face kid 
Now don't it always seem to go That you don't know what you got till it's gone They paved paradise and put up a parking lot 
Discovered what was killing the baby goats .... Goat Polio 
Sittin on the world , thinkin bout a girl , deep sea divin like , I'm lookin for a < PROPFEMALE > , feelin rather crazy , guess my name is < PROPMALE > , Or maybe I'm nuts , just like a ground squirrel , I’m running nonstop trying not to hurl 
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with ' em a minute Cause see they call me a menace ; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't , then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it 
goin to the ZOOOO ! i swear if the cheetahs are not out and running around doing cheetah things like topping off at 60 mph today , i am going to be pissed daily , monthly , and yearly 
At the end of the game the classy Colts defeat the cheating Patriots 
I got 99 problems and they all bitches , wish i was jigga man , carefree livin , but im not < PROPFIRST > , or < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
If you learn how to enjoy life , then you will find life is full of joy 
The Office Outstanding Fabulous Fantastic Incredible Cooler than a polar bears toenails Everything thats good 
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter 
i wanna thank the native americans for showing the white man how to grow corn 
colt 45 .... works everytime 
Happy Thanksgiving to all and to all a good night 
Colt 45 and 2 zig-zags baby that's all we need 
fresh 
hello brooklyn how ya doin 
So I put my hands up They're playin ' My Song The butterflies fly away Noddin ' my head like yeah Movin ' my hips like yeah I got my hands up They're playin ' my song I know I'm gonna be ok Yeah It's a party in the USA 
Batman is the baddest mofo in gotham 
new month = fresh start to get my shit together 
she thinks i'm much too thin she asks me if i'm sick , what's a girl to do with friends like this , she lets my drive her car so i can score an eighth from the lesbians out west in < PROPFEMALE > 
on another level 
one month away from the greatest day january has to offer 
hey hey hay is for horses 
christmas : beatles rockband and alcohol what else is there to life 
Won't you help to sing this songs of freedom-'Cause all I ever have redemption songs redemption songs redemption songs . 
what's on your mind ? 
FML 
FML X 10000000000000000000000000000 
brother bob ... the man , the myth , the legend 
thanks a mil everyone 
tell the world take six , young dictionary make words make sense then , I make cents , make dollars make a skinny girl holla , make the fat girl hungry make the ugly girls want me , but the pretty girls on me make the shy girl horny , make the fly girls corny and only for me because 
FBGM MOB And if they stop makin cadillacs I swear I'm gonna die and if the weed man ain't got no more onions I'm a cry and if if was a fifth then i'd rather drink wine 
and after we got done i said lady what's ya number she said 911 
H.R. Pufnstuf 
Out on bail fresh outta jail , California dreamin Soon as I stepped on the scene , I'm hearin hoochies screamin 
i got a pancake at waffle house 
see i was born back in 84 without a damn a clue what was in store and further more even i did bra i do it all again real shit bra 
I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in and stops my mind from wandering 
I am From New Orleans I am A Giant In this Bitch Move The G And Add An S And Put The ? I B4 The N And Put The A In Front Of That And Thats What I am To The End That's A Saint Simpliy It 4 Them 
PiZzA tOpPiNgS ... YUM !! 
Sex and drugs and dirty money On the race to rule the world You caught your teeth on fame and diamonds Your time is up now Three , Two , One ( We number ) One 
well open up your mind and see like me open up your plans and damn you're free 
Hey , Soul Sister , ain't that mister mister on the radio , stereo , The way you move ain't fair you know 
just lost the game 
tiger shark the only pup ! 
R.I.P. cadillac of hoodies 
< PROPMALE > top you'll always be home sweet home to me good ole < PROPMALE > top < PROPMALE > top tennessee 
Uncle < PROPMALE > Canman 
I got the shakes that'll make you quake . I got the fries that'll cross your eyes . I got that burgers that'll ... I just got burgers . 
out with the old b's in with the new b's 
happy holiday 
shit just woke up ... guess my week is only gonna be 6 days long 
That may be all I needIn darkness she is all I see Come and rest your bones with me Driving slow on Sunday morning And I never want to leave 
let me be < PROPFIRST > 
Respect the belt 
I feel like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Behind Enemy Lines except for the crazy nose 
Life's a bitch ... keep your pimp hand strong 
< PROPMALE > 
I live penis 
Hay is for horses 
I'm in love with a stripper 
I can't tell you what it really is I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight 
Florida's Natural you're my only friend 
I'd rather have witty cheese than a cheesy wit & I just catch on fire now fuck getting lit 
Life is irony 
T.G.I.T. 
Sparking that flint getting stoned like < PROPFIRST > loafin around like < PROPFEMALE > bread 
I miss u < PROPFIRST > 
my real friends never hearin from me , fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me , that’s why I pick and choose , I don’t get shit confused , I got a small circle , I’m not with different crews , we walk the same path , but got on different shoes , live in the same building , but we got different views 
FUCK the World with both middle fingers up ! 
Thanks for bein patient I will make no more mistakes , Shit my , potatoes baked , \ 
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly , My filet is smoking weed , Yeah faggot the steaks are high , Shit I aint even suppose to be here , By the grace of god , The skin on my teeth , And the hair on my nuts I skated by 
I never thought the day would come that i would admit lady gaga gave me goosebumps listening to her music , that was until i stumbled across < PROPFEMALE > Germanotta on youtube ... what happened to you < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Toasted Tuesday 
Breakdown , Go ahead and give it to me , Breakdown < PROPFEMALE > take me through the night , Breakdown now I'm standin ' here can't you see , Breakdown it's all right , It's all right , It's all right 
\You have to own the game \"" 
Fuck all you hoes- B.I.G. 
I want a billboard 
The way I see it , there is a little bit of everybody in me and a little bit of me in everybody 
Rastaman < PROPMALE > of the jungle 
Would < PROPFIRST > vick be so hated if it was cats instead ? 
started a plus minus system for my life last night , i have to be like plus 80 the next two days to break even for the week 
Nothin , that's really what we have in common , I'm a fine pasta and you're just ramen 
Just got mean mugged by a kid gettin off the short bus 
I < PROPFEMALE > with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters , who swallow lit roaches and light up like < PROPFIRST > o lanterns 
Believe 
Thanks yall 
abba zaba you my only friend 
another night you're on my mind\ 
i'm hypnotized but i cannot find the signs\ 
the signs for the tubes to come home\ 
i need the tube to get home\ 
another night , i'm here alone\ 
my eyes so tired from staring at this phone\ 
why won't you call and come home ? \ 
please call and come home\ 
and i know you won't come just for the cash\ 
will you come for my bangers ... \ 
my beans and mash ? 
Where is the fish ? Hmm ? 
Man's problem ... man 
I'm flyer than most a ladies man < PROPFIRST > stamos 
Wow just heard let it rock on 98.1 and there was no weezy WTF who even likes < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I'll look for work today I'm spilling out the door\ 
Put my glasses on So no one sees me 
winning ! 
You can stumble but don't trip and keep on climbing don't slip 
They do exist 
Wake up drunk go to sleep fucked up We both amazed at what we just done Mixin ' drinks , knowin we'll regret this Ain't been asleep yet , room service bringin ' us breakfast All this money , darlin , what else is left to do But smoke an enjoy my presidential view 
Rattle rattle thunder clatter boom boom boom don't worry juggernauts here bitch 
tear drops 
