Is about to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s house again . It's her birthday yay !! 

Would like to watch a movie . But doesn't know what to watch . >_< 
hates self-serving pricks that think the world is all about them . 
In Arizona ... Just got here yesterday . I'll be back home in a week maybe less . 
Uhhg < PROPFEMALE > answer your phone I need to talk to you ... I miss you soooo much !!! AHHHGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
it's hot hot hot hot here in Arizona .. I might die . 111 ?!?!?!?!?!? 
Ewwwwy yucky Arizona summer heat blehh 
< PROPFEMALE > comes home tonight . So excited !! 
Off to the library .. 
bahahaha 
\Your tears don't fall they crash around me . Her conscience calls the guilty to come home . \ " ~ Tears Don't Fall by Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > " 
3 cups of chai . 
So many people online and hardly anyone to talk to . Shame . 
Moo . I'm a pig . 
Gets the feeling she is being ignored . 
Needs a bowl of ice cream , a movie , and more sleep . 
Hungry Hungry Hippos 
is being herself . 
Feels like taking a road trip . To the world's largest ball of twine . 
Has ten fingers and ten toes . 
wants to climb a mountain . 
Painting . 
Weeeee . 
Mint Green . 
Pie ? 
Whales ! Omg ! 
The internet can be a very boring place sometimes . 
OMG Hedgehog !!!! Prickly little balls of AWWW ! 
Just woke up . I love sleeping in ... 
Watching Foamy the Squirrel .. 
Nom Nom Nom ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMWi7CLoZ2Q 
\Your tears don't fall they crash around me ... \ " ~ Tears Don't Fall by Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > " 
beds are comfy . 
am I allergic to myself ? 
I want to go to the zoo . You know .. see the lions tigers and bears . 
oooh so many people are online !! 
It's been a long day . Goodnight . 
why does tomorrow have to be the last day of summer ? 
son of a batch of cookies . 
is having a very lazy day . 
hello facebook . haven't seen you in a while . 
uhh . rawr . 
wait a second ... that wasn't normal . 
Got a Twitter . Oh boy . Follow me ? http://www.twitter.com/xohRachelx 
Why is it so cold ? 
hmm . I would say facebook is being very weird today . 
UHHG . 
day = ruined 
wow . tiredness . 
whoosh ! 
Knock Knock 
raspberry lemonade 
this is ridiculous 
has very little tolerance or pity for those who ruin my day . 
Since writing on toilet walls is done neither for critical acclaim nor financial rewards , it is the purest form of < PROPMALE > . 
breathe . 
I have freed myself of the addiction that is Farmville . Free at last !!!!! 
random ? yesh .. I would say so . 
You have to do stuff that average people don't understand because those are the only good things . 
music music music 
listening to < PROPFIRST > Guetta 
People should talk to me yes ? I am in a good mood . 
itchy . 
it's trying to kiiiiill meeeee 
ewwwy 101.3 
\It's too hard taking the world on . Too hard taking the world on .. \ " ~ Taking The World On by Meese " 
my computer needs to diiieee lalalala 
I just wanna liiiive ... 
\What is the use of it ? We're ok ... it's nothing ... It's all chemistry of a car crash . \ " ~ Chemistry of a Car Crash by Shiny Toy Guns " 
I feel compelled to go run . Again . Bahhh . 
Off to bed !!! Goodnight world !!! 
OMFG . 
Someone please help me fix my computer before I go insane .. I'm already beginning to lose it . 
foamy the squirrel = awesome . 
too early . back to bed . 
\I wanna be an astronaut and get high . Break the barrier of sound into the sky . Just want to be free from the confines of gravity . \ " ~ Confines of Gravity by PlayRadioPlay ! " 
Cold medicine induced sleep here I come .. 
And I <3 < PROPFEMALE > more than anything in the world . 
I <3 The Epilogues 
Lame sauce ... 
Change is good . It will be for the better in the end . 
Enjoying some < PROPFIRST > Sinatra before bed . 
This couldn't take any longer . 
is an explosion of smiles 
Lame sauce ! On a lame horse ! ( Strange quote from today ) 
The Men Who Stare At Goats : Go see it . 
A hyper < PROPFEMALE > is a scary < PROPFEMALE > indeed . 
I hate technology . I will reject it . All of it . And live in a cave . Goodnight ! 
You should always learn to listen to what other people are saying and really understand what it means to them . You gain a new perspective on things and you gain a new respect for the people around you . You start to realize that yours isn't the only opinion that matters and learning how other people think and see things can change how you think and see things too . 
Chat isn't working ?? 
My chat .. it is on crack . 
Writing a song tonight has proven to be harder than expected . 
My phone has been ringing so much today I think sometimes I am now hallucinating and thinking that it is yet again ringing when , in fact , it isn't anymore . 
< PROPFIRST > Sinatra ! :D 
is really missing someone . 
* sigh * 
I wish someone would text me . 
sometimes my life is a little too interesting .. 
did you know that the FBI website has a kids < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
Oh dear .. it's really early for me . Why am I up ? 
It is soooooo early . I better get a nap later . 
Essays and projects to do . And studying that I probably won't do until next week at the last minute . 
I feel pretty . Oh so pretty . I feel pretty and witty and gay !! 
currently telling jokes to < PROPFEMALE > via text to entertain her on her long journey home . 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Grr . 
Facebook makes it really easy for someone to stalk you on the internet . 
In Bed . In the Bath . On the kitchen table . On the sofa . In the car . 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to buy me a unicorn !! 
If I can just somehow make it through today ... and tomorrow ... and the next day ... and the next ... and the next ... 
FML 
Wtf .. 
Facebook sucks . Goodnight kiddos . 
sigh .. 
Errg . Bad day . 
Die Tonight , Live Forever . 
Does Facebook want to stop being mean ? I think it hates me . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Sinatra and making lasagne . 
omg Facebook . You're being really irritating . 
Nothing to do today .. 
Well . Goodbye children . It seems as if no one wants to even talk to me anymore . 
Well . Weird day to say the least . Secretly really excited for tomorrow :D 
Some powdered muffin with your starfish , Dr. Arbuckle ? 
Omg . Neopets . What's wrong with me ? 
Spending the afternoon creeping on other people's profiles . Fun . 
Very full tummy . 
If I had a million dollars ... 
mmm .... CHEERIOS ! 
Um .. Rawr . 
I learn more and more each day that our government is corrupt and many laws are completely contradictory to the constitution . For example : DOMA . In other words , the Defense of Marriage Act . This says that if a couple is gay and married in one state , then another state doesn't have to recognize them as married . However , in the constitution it says that if you are married all the other states have to recognize you as 
Would someone like to please maybe talk to me ? 
First , my night wasn't so good . Now it is really bad . I'm going to go to bed before it all goes up in flames . 
PEOPLE ARE RETARDED . 
Dear Facebook ... Why do you hate me and freeze my computer every time I try to use your chat ? Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Really worried .. Please be ok babe . 
My phone hates me . 
GRRAWR !! I A DINOSAUR ! 
So . I haven't been on Facebook in a while . How are you Facebook ? 
My phone died . Awesome . 
You have got to be kidding me . 
It feels like you're on a cloud eating muffins and oreos with an ice cold glass of milk ! 
Rediscovering music :P 
Ahhhh .. 
Sigh .. I wanna do something today . But I don't know what to do . AHH . 
\Watch her move and dance to the music make your move and dance with her do it . The more that you do baby thats the more you stay true ... \ " ~ Radio Aracde by Kill Paradise " 
Get your own personality . 
:D 
Today should be good :) I'm excited . 
Ahh it's so nice out today ! 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer !! :D 
Shopping today :D 
People should stop talking to me if the only thing that's important to them is getting whatever they need from me . This means that I should no longer recieve texts from people asking me for other phone < PROPFIRST > . I'm sick of this . If you don't want to actually talk to me as a friend , don't talk to me at all . < PROPFEMALE > thanks ! 
Headache ... 
Tomorrow night's dinner : Artichoke and mushroom lasagne ! ( I'm making this :D ) 
I feel as if my brain is going to explode . So much cuteness !!! 
So .. my birthday is in 4 days 14 hours and 19 minutes . Not including today . Yes I am counting . 
Uhg .. 
2 days . 1 hour . 13 minutes . Until my birthday . 
... 
inner peace . 
2 HOURS . Then it's birthday galore for meeeeee ! 
HOLY SHIT IT'S MY BIRTHDAY !!! 
Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday :D 
Cake time ?! 
... sigh . 
Nighty night children :D 
I wanna go back to bed .. so sleepy .. 
Knitting a scaaaarf :D And watching Foamy the squirrel !! 
The Amityville toaster makes breakfast spooky .. 
Ahh .. :( 
Hungryy ... 
Heh .. If you're\ 
brave ... copy this into your status and see what people rate \ 
you :( 1)Crazy(2)Talkative ( 3)Sarcastic ( 4)Loveable ( 5)Strong ( 6)Dumb \ 
( 7)Spoiled(8)Mouthy ( 9)Goofy ( 10)Funny ( 11)Awesomely awesome \ 
( 12)Amazing(13)Beautiful ( 14)Cute ( 15)Drama < PROPFEMALE > ( 16)Best-friend \ 
( 17)Want to getto know you better :) 
Laying in the sun and listening to < PROPFIRST > Mayer :D 
asjhdfdnvbdsgruebnjc 
You know you're a coffee addict when you wake up at 9 , fall back asleep , have a dream about making coffee , then wake up at 11 and go make coffee . 
The Curious Case of < PROPMALE > Button <3 
Sunburnt . Oww . Need caffeine . And hungry .. 
Ahh . Epicurious.com why do you not have a recipe for snickerdoodles ?! 
An itty bitty bug flew in my eye this evening :P and now my eye hurts soooo bad .. Evil little bugs . Grr . 
Made coffee cake and pumpkin bread today :D 
Playing World of Warcraft ?! Yes I am !! hehehe 
Omfg my computer is stupid . Grr . I give up . 
Technology is the sauce of all evil . 
bored . 
Well . This would be the third day I woke up way too early . Coffee here I come ! 
La di da .. I want a cookie . 
Pie :D of the peach variety . yumm . 
Watching Glee online :D 
Excitedness :D 
Coooookies :DD of the chocolate chip variety 
WTF . Facebook chat I hate you ! 
agjfshcbnvehsdfkh 
License todaaaayy :DD 
Hmm .. 
.... 
Went to the library :D got some new books , a < PROPFEMALE > bar , and coffeeeee ! 
Sleepy ? Yes I am .. 
So tired .. it might be nap time .. 
I hate those nights that you can't fall asleep because you have something on your mind and all this causes you to toss and turn until the sun comes out at which point you decide you should watch the sunrise and do something useful with yourself because it's not every day that you are awake that early . 
... I'm going for a run this is ridiculous . 
Cupcake :D 
I find annoying children that decide to wake you up quite infuriating . Especially when you stayed up late reading and you definitely needed more sleep . 
I really want to get another pet . Maybe a new guinea pig . Or a < PROPFEMALE > . 
What good is knowledge if it just floats in the air ? It goes from computer to computer . It changes and grows every second of the day . But nobody actually knows anything . 
So my schedule for this year is ridiculous . I'm going to have too much homework . This might be a problem . 
Schedule :\ 
1- Adv . Pre calc 1 ( Adv . pre calc 2 second semester)\ 
2- Adv . AL/C WT\ 
3- Adv . Chemistry\ 
4- Physics\ 
5- Photo 2 ( First semester .. Psych 2nd semester)\ 
6- Creative Writing ( Astronomy 2nd semester)\ 
7- US Hist AP 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life ... It goes on . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Frost " 
Making fun little magnety things to decorate with :D 
Grrrr facebook chat not working ashajdghsjgbfsngrusayfilsdhfsd 
Omfg . 
Warped was amazing :D 
It's food time . I'm starving ! 
Coffee and pringles . Breakfast of champions . 
Underneath the night sky , she cries . Underneath the night sky , one last time . You know where I'm going . Underneath the night sky , remembering the reasons why .. Don't forget to hold her tight . Everything can change so fast .. 
Definitely didn't have the best night in the world . But hopefully I will have a good day to make up for it ! 
I feel so ishy .. 
Going to the eye doctor today :P Hoping they can fix whatever happens to be wrong with my eye . Huzzah . 
Blueberry streusel bread :3 
Making a cake for < PROPMALE > :D 
Does anyone else manage to get sick twice in the same month ? This is getting pretty ridiculous .. 
Making two kinds of cupcakes :DD \ 
One is a chocolate cake with chocolate fudge frosting and the other is a chocolate cake with raspberry butter cream frosting :D 
Delicious dark chocolate cupcakes with sprinkles oh my ! 
Yuck . I hate being sick . 
Team Legolas . Because elves are cooler than vampires . 
Donating blood on Thursdaaaaaay :D 
I think that maybe certain people need to grow up a little and stay out of my business :) < PROPFEMALE > thanks . 
Donating blood today ! And getting ready for it with a breakfast of cheerios with rice milk :D yumm 
Why is everyone so obsessed with 10/10/10 ? It's just a date . 
homework . homework . homework . this is what happens when you let yourself get behind . grr . 
People irritate me sometimes . Or maybe that's just the headache talking . 
I can't wait to go home :) 
Powerpoints . They suck . Just in case you were wondering . 
For my part , I know nothing with any certainty , but the sight of the stars makes me dream . ~ Van Gogh 
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow ! Huzzah ? 
Bagel :3 
Haircut today :D 
Might be getting two guinea piggies this weekend :D I wish my other piggy was alive so he could have had some friends .. 
under appreciated . 
Will be donating blood on Saturday :D 
Ah ! Damn you Facebook . I was supposed to be developing film . Distractions distractions .. 
If you're not scared , Put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = Crazy . ( 2) = I`d marry you . ( 3) = Attractive . ( 4) = Sarcastic . ( 5) = I miss you . ( 6) = I`d kiss you . ( 7) = Moody . ( 8) = Smart . ( 9) = Energetic . ( 10) = Random . ( 11) = Hot . ( 12) = Funny . ( 13) = Fit . ( 14) = Amazing . ( 15) = Tough . ( 16) = Cute . ( 17) = Nerd . ( 18) = I love you . ... If your shy send it to my inbox come on . do it ! :D 
Made black < PROPMALE > cupcakes the other night :D yay cupcakes ! 
and it's so cold the snow squeaks when you walk on it . 
Hmm .. what to do .. what to do .. 
goldfish for lunch :D 
Cupcakes ? I think yes :D 
oof . headache . 
I'm that person that says they are so thankful for sleeping in but they can't sleep past 8 AM . Huzzah . 
GREEN MACHINE :DD yay smoothies ! 
It's always good to know who your true friends are . Glad I found out that one of mine isn't exactly what I would call a decent human being . 
I have to pick ONE of my photos to put in a show . Decisions decisions ... 
has an extremely sweet grapefruit to eat :) 
