food 

sad 
i am < PROPFEMALE > hungry 
Learn to Live !!!! 
where is everyone ? HELLLOOO ? 
weeeeeeeeee !!!!!!! food 
i am an idiot ! 
Happy Birthday For Everyone that has one tomorrw 
i am apoligizing for anything i have done tomorrow 
Trying To Forget Someone You Love Is Like Trying To Remember Someone You Never Met . 
Moving On Is Simple , It's What You Leave Behind That Makes It So Difficult 
click \LIKE\ " if i have ever made you smile . set this as your status and see how many people you made smile " 
how is everybody doin tonight !! 
Why Am I Afraid To Lose You When You're Not Even Mine ... 
A good friend will share their umbrella in the rain - a best friend will use it for themselves and yell \Run B*tch ! Run ! \"" 
congratulations seniors 
why does everyone want to be a ninja ? if u don't know post on ur wall 
being happy doesn't maen that everything is perfect . it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
we tend to forget that happiness doesn't come from getting something we don't have , but rather recognizing and appreciating what we do have 
“Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . ” 
Good humor makes all things tolerable 
Hardships make us strong . Problems give birth to wisdom . Sorrows cultivate compassion . Those who have suffered the most will become the happiest . 
you are free to choose what to do in your life . You aren't free to alter the consequences . 
the measure of a person is not how well they prepare for things to go right , but how gracefully they stand and move on when it all goes wrong 
thanks guys 
laugh as much as you breathe and love for as long as you live 
“Life\ 
is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , \ 
and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life\ 
to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . ” < PROPFIRST > Smith 
nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
“In love , it is better to know and be disappointed , than to not know and always wonder . ” 
For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ” < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
“To\ 
love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To \ 
try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest \ 
hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” 
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . \ " , 201 0-0 9-07 20:53:50 " 
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love , and to let it come in 
“The only real failure in life is the failure to try . ” 
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win , and trying when you know you can lose . ” 
“Anyone\ 
can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it \ 
together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's \ 
true strength . ” 
“You can't wait for inspiration . You have to go after it with a club . ” 
“Man\ 
can live about forty days without food , about three days without water , \ 
about eight minutes without air , but only for one second without hope” 
those that have never felt love or gave it to another have never truly lived 
“You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been . ” 
“Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet . ” < PROPMALE > Proverb quote 
“When you love people and have the < PROPFEMALE > to make a profound , positive impactupon the world , then will you have accomplished the meaning to live . ” 
“If your actions inspire others to dream more , learn more , do more and become more , you are a leader . ” 
I\ 
dont pretend to know what love is for everyone but I can tell you \ 
what it is for me love is knowing all about someone and still wantin \ 
to be with them more than any other person love is trustin them enough\ 
to tell them everythin about yourself including the things you might \ 
be ashamed of love is feelin comfortable and safe with someone but \ 
still gettin weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you 
one never runs out of < PROPFEMALE > only the will to apply it 
“Love is like a booger . You keep picking at it until you get it , then wonder what to do with it . ” 
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore . 
never limit yourself in which road you take in life or the views of life visit everything you can and enjoy it 
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love , and to let it come in . ” 
“One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love , love someone else . ” 
“If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much . ” 
“Remember\ 
today , for it is the beginning of always . Today marks the start of a \ 
brave new future filled with all your dreams can hold . Think truly to \ 
the future and make those dreams come true . ” 
“Time\ 
goes by so fast , people go in and out of your life . You must never \ 
miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you . ” 
“Just don't give up on trying to do what you really want to do . Where there is love and inspiration , I don't think you can go wrong . ” 
we must become the change we want to see in the world . - Mahatma Gandhi 
“When you find peace within yourself , you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others . ” 
do not focus on tomorrow for it has not happened yet do not focus on yesterday for it has already happened focus on today for it is happening now 
“Peace is not the absence of war , but a virtue based on strength of character . ” 
“All kinds of beauty do not inspire love ; there is a kind that only pleases the sight but does not captivate the affections . ” 
“You can explore the universe looking for somebody who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself , and you will not find that person anywhere . ” 
“Love is like an earthquake-unpredictable , a little scary , but when the hard part is over you realize how lucky you truly are . ” “Every man is afraid of something . That's how you know he's in love with you ; when he is afraid of losing you . ” 
true strength comes not from the body's physical muscles but the heart 
sometimes the tree that holds everybody up needs something to hold it up 
love is like a stream it will hit the rocks but with enough force it will go over the rocks 
life is a story make yours great 
building walls doesn't prove how strong you are it's taking them down that proves it 
“If people are truly , madly , deeply in love with each other , they will find a way . ” 
Click the \Like\ " button If I have ever made you smile . Then put this as your status to see how many people you have made smile . :) " 
“Trying to make someone fall in love with you is about as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with . ” 
why me ? 
the past defines who we are but it does not make us what we are 
courage is the discovery that you may not win , and trying when you know you can lose 
live for what you have and love what you don't have 
oh baby baby its a wild world 
im the one who wants to be with you deep down i hope you see it to 
love is a better teacher than duty . < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
girl you're amazing just the way you are 
he heart never forgets what the mind will 
\if perfect is what you're looking for then just stay the same \"" 
if you had a million dollars what would you do with it ? 
“If you don't know where you are going , any road will get you there . ” 
is very disappointed with himself 
wisdom is common occurrence , but inspiration for the wisdom is not 
Love is not weakness . It is strong . Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it . -Boris Pasternak . 
why is it i can't do one of the simplest things anyone can do ? 
Like the measles , love is most dangerous when it comes late in life . -Lord < PROPMALE > . 
got my donor card today :) 
\i can make you start to smile \"" 
it finally snowed !!!!!! it's about time 
who speaks < PROPMALE > on here ? 
do something to change the world everyday make someone smile at least once a day 
i just don't know anymore :( 
the snow is amazing but wish it didn't cancel school 
goodnight everbody and have a fun snow day !! tomorrow 
today happened to be the worst day ever so far 
\ all im after is a life full of laughter\ " daughtry " 
love can freakin take my foot in the face cuz im done with it !! 
smile and wave it happens to be the greatest revenge a person can do 
who invented love ? they clearly were hated as a child 
hay we need some people at a party !!!! send me a message plz 
ANYONE WANT TO PARTY ??? IT\S IN < PROPFEMALE > " 
\You're nothing short of my everything . \ " < PROPMALE > Block " 
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes . \ 
\ 
Mahatma Gandhi 
how crazy was i to think i deserved someone like her ? 
If we don't know life , how can we know death ? confucius 
¡¡amo galletas de Navidad !! 
\Love : A term which has no meaning if defined\ " . < PROPFIRST > Ralston < PROPMALE > " 
well this kinda sucks 
\all that im after is a life full laughter as long as im laughing with you\ " daughtry " 
\Love is to feel what the other is feeling even if they are far away . \ " Barak " 
im so bored need to get out of this house !! 
Frohe Weihnachten , Buon Natale , Wesolych Swiat , Feliz Navidad , Feliz Natal , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . depending on what language you speak 
well this sucks :( 
truth enlightens the mind but will not always bring peace to your heart 
your eyes can deceive you ; don't trust them 
everyone needs to smile at least a few hours a day otherwise your depressing 
nothing is ever as it truly seems 
truly wonderful the mind of a child is . yoda 
who's the more foolish ? the fool , or the fool that follows him ? 
live a life worth living with the loved ones worth loving 
every man dies , but not every man lives 
“[Luke :] I can’t believe it . [ Yoda :] That is why you fail . ” Yoda 
“Ohhh . Great warrior . Wars not make one great . ” Yoda 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU :\ 
1 . Crazy ... \ 
2 . I'd kiss you ... \ 
3 . Hyper !... \ 
4 . Jerk ... \ 
............ 5 . I miss you ... \ 
6 . Best friend ... \ 
7 . Pretty ... \ 
8 . Smart ... \ 
9 . Dumb ... \ 
10 . I would date you ... \ 
11 . Random ... \ 
12 . Hot ... \ 
13 . Funny ... \ 
14 . Huggable ... \ 
15 . Amazing ... \ 
16 . Cute ... \ 
17 . Loud ... \ 
18 . Awesome ... \ 
19 . I love you ... 
life's boring if your not interesting 
from the words of a friend i am going to start over . hope you all have a good life 
laugh a little life gets boring if you don't 
guardanapo and virtsata learning new words everyday 
rise and rise again until lambs become lions 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” 
if you see a friend without a smile give them one of yours 
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow . Learn as if you were to live forever . ” gandhi 
