< PROPFEMALE > finds it hard to believe that ten years ago , everyone was convinced that Y2K would destroy the world as we knew it . I find it hard to believe to - where has the time gone ?! 

hopes everyone is getting their new year off to a great start ! What are your resolutions ? 
- so ( a ) revenge is a dish best served cold , and ( b ) revenge is sweet . This leads me to only one conclusion . Revenge = ice cream . 
wishes it wasn't so cold outside - I want to go jogging ! 
woke up to a empty house . Both my parents are at work , and < PROPFEMALE>'s at a friend's house . WEIRD . 
hears the bells of doom ringing . They come accompanied by a sweet yet disgusting smell , a high-pitched whir , rubber gloves , and a bright light in my eyes . Yes , that's right - I have a dentist appointment . Tomorrow at nine . It's going to be really hard to 
wishes she could breathe - I don't know if it's allergies or asthma or both , but I'm miserable right now . 
is the reason one less possum is roaming the Ozarks ... oops . Q - why did the chicken cross the road ? A - to show the possums it could be done . 
- YES !!!! Wal-Mart had seasons 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 of \Stargate : SG-1\ " for $15 each and I was able to get 1 and 4 .... YAY ! New goal - have the complete series of both SG-1 and Atlantis by the time \ " Stargate : Universe\ " premieres in October . " 
just finished the most difficult computer repair of her life - replacing the back of < PROPFEMALE>'s LCD screen . One and a half hours later , a blister from where I gripped the screwdrivers , and screeching muscles in my back , but < PROPFEMALE>'s happiness makes it worth i 
does NOT like hiccups . At . All . 
is watching SG-1 with < PROPFEMALE > , and laughing at how addicted < PROPFEMALE > already is to it - I have taught my little sister well ! 
apparently has a cold AND allergies . And is slightly concerned about the dentist tomorrow - how am I supposed to breath if they're messing with my mouth and my nose is stuffed up ?! 
is at home , enjoying the peace - all the animals are dozing , all the family is gone , and the satellite isn't working , so it's just me and my laptop and the ceiling fans ... 
has forgotten how tiring basket weaving is on your right shoulder . 
- yay ! I get to go to the doctor's ... 
is really tired , but has had a great last 24 hours . 
is thinking she needs a newer cell phone - one with the full keypad . Trying to text is a little irritating ! 
has the FREAKIN ' BIGGEST BLISTER EVER . I'm not kidding - this thing is the size of a < PROPFEMALE > and then some . Who knew they could get that large ?! ( hint : no matter HOW cute your Converse are ... wear socks ) ( even if you don't like wearing socks because they pin 
- HA ! Hey fellow Mafia Wars players - I got the complete Independence Day collection !!!! I'm really excited ( maybe this is a sign I'm a little too addicted ... ) 
is STARVING , again . I wonder if there's something weird wrong with me ? I feel like I've just wanted to keep eating for the last few days . 
is irritated - it keeps popping up with messages to tell me someone wrote on my wall , and nobody has ! I keep getting excited for no reason ! 
is watching six fireworks shows at once ! I KNEW my room had a great view ! 
is SOOOO tired . And a little bit nervous about starting a new job tomorrow - with my ability to injure myself , is Stained Glass REALLY a good workstation for me ?! 
now has enough British ketchup to last at least three years . YAY . Chips , anyone ? 
has had a very long , very irritating day - but hallelujah , it's Friday ! 
is gonna be EXHAUSTED tomorrow ... but hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > watching animated movies and eating bacon , eggs , fresh homegrown veggies , and Mountain Dew , was totally worth it . 
just doesn't know ... 
- OUCH . Blistered one finger , rubbed the skin off one , and stabbed a thumb today . Stained glass is not for wimps . 
is going to be tired and a bit sore tomorrow , but had a great time swimming and got a great workout in ! 
updated her voicemail messages - call me and check it out ! 
- \What can you say about a society that thinks God is dead and < PROPMALE > is alive ? \"" 
faces a dilemma - I accidentally skipped dinner , so I have to either dig out the stuff to make my own ( and I feel really lazy right now and don't want to ) or starve . Wish I had the money to order a pizza ... 
loves the free box - two pairs of capris , one pair of cords , one pair of pajama pants , one tank top , an apron , and the coolest thing - a chef's coat ! 
- sigh . Back to the Monday drudge . Only four weeks left - I can make it .... I hope . 
is SO tired ! What's up with this ?! 
- sigh . Back to work . Let's see how many times I cut myself today ... 
doesn't understand how it's possible to have as many clothes as she does and still spend ten minutes deciding what to wear tomorrow ... but it's finally done , I've gotten a shower , and I'm going to bed , so I can spend another sleep-deprived day handling bro 
was going to go for a run , but my total lack of energy meant I realized I was deluding myself . 
is so tired ... I'm actually going to bed now . And it's not even 10 yet . GUESS WHAT ?!?!?! CLASSES START IN ONE MONTH !!!! WOOHOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!! 
is back at school , and promptly realized that she forgot her contact case and solution and allergy medicine at home . At least I have backup contact stuff ... 
is up . And dressed . And coherent . And slightly amazed that she is all of these things at 6:15 in the morning . 
now has a big cut across the pad of her left thumb , to match the ones on her left middle and right pointer . I don't like doing stained glass anymore ... 
- apparently web developer is one of those job fields predicted to grow a lot over the next few years ... hmm ... * wanders off to study her XHTML some more * 
is an awesome werewolf . But I'm also going to be a very tired one tomorrow ... bleh . 
is frustrated ... maybe being a web designer isn't an option after all ... stupid columns won't go where they're supposed to ... ARGH ! 
wishes God would give her some hint about what to do ... I just can't really decide if I actually want to go to grad school ... 
just realized she missed lunch . Drat . 
is SO tired ... I want to crawl back into bed and go back to sleep , but I know I'll regret it if I miss breakfast . 
- best thing Microsoft ever produced ? The OneNote program . I am working on the most stinkin ' awesome cookbook thanks to that thing . Second best thing ? ... * crickets chirping * ... still waiting for it ... 
thinks she's going to get into this website design stuff pretty seriously . I've got two websites I'm working on for other people now , plus two of my own . If anyone else is interested in a personal website , I'm taking commissions . 
- Ducky : \She had enough PCP in her system to kill a small ... water buffalo . \ " Gibbs : \ " Water buffalo ? \ " Ducky : \ " I tire of saying small horse . \"" 
is hanging out with Linetta , looking for a post office to send off < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding pictures ( sorry they're so late < PROPMALE > , but on the other hand , we both had DVDs in our computers with the pictures burned onto them , we just needed to actually put them in the mail ! ) . 
should really be doing something useful , like building all these web pages she's supposed to be working on . But instead , she's looking for recipes and playing with StumbleUpon . I NEED ANOTHER MONITOR !!! That way , I can work AND goof off at the same time ! 
has made it midway through the NCIS watching spree - just finished season three . I love how Ziva made Gibbs remember by making him slap the back of her head ! 
has a nice , clean room for room checks , but since I have no idea when my new roommate is moving in , when do I have roommate ready room checks ?! 
is in a very giggly mood all the sudden , and I have no idea why . 
made a deal with herself - she'd play on Facebook and Pieces of Flair until she found one with Gibbs on it . It happened on < PROPFEMALE > 15 . So now I'm going to do my laundry and watch NCIS . 
only has an hour and fifteen minutes left to work in Stained Glass ! YAY ! 
doesn't really want to do anything - I just want a lazy Sunday . But I'm supposed to be cleaning condos all afternoon . Sigh . 
had an amazing evening . Where's the remote for life ? I want to hit rewind ! 
has FINALLY mastered all the levels of the New York jobs in Mafia Wars ! Now ... onto Cuba ! 
is having a \sleepover\ " with a very excited four-year-old who wants me to paint her fingernails ... Halle is sooooo cute ! " 
is going crazy from the high-pitched whine my new roommate's fridge makes - she says she can't hear it . I guess this is proof that my hearing is too sensitive ? 
is listening to the Wicked soundtrack . In < PROPMALE > . And singing along . In English . 
is closing up the ag office for the last time ... two and a half years here , it's kind of a bittersweet moment . 
is back at CofO , and feeling a bit overwhelmed - but YAY ! Classes start tomorrow ! 
is done with the first day of her last semester . That is NOT how I wanted to start off in Voice this semester though ! 
just got done with going for a run . Okay , mostly a walk . But I did jog a complete lap around the track . For me , that's a miracle . 
would like to apologize to her friends for taking some of her frustration out on them . That was really uncalled for on my part - you guys are great and I don't know where I'd be without you ! 
decided she was going to turn her brain off tonight . Four episodes of NCIS , one of Monk , and one of Psych later , I'm going to bed very content . And I WROTE AGAIN !!!! Whoop whoop !!! It's been SO LONG since I've written anything that wasn't an essay ! 
had an amazing night watching \Iron Man\ " with a big group of friends . " 
- Ziva : \What is this place ? \ " Soldier : \ " That's classified . \ " Tony : \ " Classified ? What have you got in there ? Aliens ? Bigfoot ? Ark of the Covenant ? \ " ( soldier doesn't respond ) \ " That only leaves one thing . \ " McGee and Ziva : \ " Unicorn . \"" 
had a great time at Mudfest ... now , to clean my room and try to avoid panicking about what happens in fourteen and a half weeks . 
just got distracted from uploading Mudfest photos by a totally random phone call ... some stupid kid wanting to buy some pot . Needless to say , I told him he had the wrong number , that drugs would wreck his future , and that he needed to get help . I'm praying something sticks with him . 
just found out there's a new Casting Crowns album coming out November 17 - YAY ! 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . The white plague continues , with no end in sight . 
- it is the nineteenth anniversary of an event I still occasionally regret ... happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
- If all I had was one last < PROPMALE > , I'd take it , I'd stake it all on You 
just left the convo because I can't breath . Realized the hard way that I forgot to take my allergy spray this morning . I guess it's more essential than I thought . 
just put her laundry in , after the belated realization that her workout clothes were in there . Sigh ... I'm not going to get to bed when I wanted to tonight . 
is trying hard to be grateful for what she has , even when she wants something more . And she needs new rainboots . 
is half heartedly attempting to do some homework . 
is hanging out in Springfield with Mom and < PROPFEMALE > , then it's back home , throw some stuff in my car , and get back to school so I can tackle the dreaded accounting homework ... and also learn the words to the song I'm supposed to be working on . 
should stop being a slacker and actually do something productive . Anyone know the cure for senioritis ? 
is SO tired . I'm going to make myself stay up another hour and then I'm going to go to bed . Because going to bed at 8:30 seems weird , 7:30 , well , I'm pretty sure that I haven't done that since I was three ( except when I was sick ) . 
slept TEN AND A HALF HOURS . I really must have been exhausted ! 
has new rainboots , since my old ones gave out and I was reminded once again how much I truly hate the feel of cold , wet , squishy tennis shoes . 
- OW . Stupid sinus stuff means my throat feels like it's on fire . 
has discovered that even though her nose is really stuffy , and her voice is really hoarse , she can still sing pretty well ( provided , of course , that I keep it way down in the low alto area ... maybe more tenor ) . Hope this clears up , otherwise I'm going to have to miss my voice lesson with Mrs. Franks on Monday . :-( 
actually slept much better than she expected , and woke up to the pleasant sound of rain . 
just woke up . At noon . Last time I pull my blinds down because I want to sleep in for a while . 
knows she's desperate to stop coughing when she willingly takes cough syrup ... that stuff's NASTY . 
is commencing studying for a test I'm somewhat terrified about - when another professor is telling you it's a hard one , the outlook is bad . 
just spent nearly SEVEN HOURS working on a study guide for Rural Real Estate Appraisal . I'm so glad I don't have class until 9:30 tomorrow - er , today ! 
can't find her ID , anywhere . I KNOW it was right here last night ! 
just tried to save space on my hard drive by moving her pictures , videos , and music to my D drive . Then I deleted my old Pictures folder ... only to discover that the two apparently remained linked . Thirty seconds of panic later , all I have to say is THANK GOODNESS for my backup ! 
experienced a very irritating mistake and coincidence ... whoops . 
thinks it's a good thing the week is over ... four famous racehorses died this week alone . RIP El Prado , Summer Squall , Cryptoclearance , and Kona Gold . 
would like to invite all of her fellow CofO students to join her in Ireland on October 5 - better known as Mabee 517 . 
- Prompted by Emz , I've decided to get started on one of my life's goals - an equine education curriculum . 
Because I'm a copycat ... 1 question , 1 < PROPMALE > , 1 answer . You can ask me 1 question ( TO MY INBOX ONLY ! ) . Any question , anything , no matter how crazy it is and I'll answer it . No catch , no judgment , but I dare you to post this on your status and see what people ask . 
just realized that I knew people who got married three out of the four weekends last month , and I know people getting married three out of the five weekends this month . Geez < PROPFEMALE > , will the White Plague ever end ?! 
was so tired this morning , she considered going to the clinic and telling them she had swine flu so she could skip class and go sleep . Apparently swine flu has made an appearance on the CofO campus ... 
is enjoying the amazing feeling of a productive night . 
almost blew up her engine , made a new friend of the canine variety , accidentally washed her iPod , and is currently suffering hearing loss in her right ear courtesy of Squirt . It's been an interesting afternoon . 
is kind of disappointed in how Open House turned out . 
is EXHAUSTED . I've been up and going constantly from 7 am to 12:30 am . What the crap ?! But at least I made some money ... yay for babysitting ! 
has a sort of wild feeling , in the depths of her soul . It's a lovely feeling , but at the same time , it's a horribly sad , lonely feeling . I wish I knew how to make it better . 
- what the crap ?! Why did Obama win the Nobel Peace Prize ?! He hasn't done anything to deserve it ! ( although maybe it's for the great job he's doing bringing < PROPFEMALE > down ... ) 
keeps hoping she'll become a nice , sensible person , but I'm 22 and a half years into life now with no sign of that happening , so I think the chances are slim . Besides , life would be really boring then , wouldn't it ? 
would like to know why your chest physically aches when your heart hurts . My heart feels horribly wounded right now , and this horribly heavy feeling in my chest isn't helping . 
had a great time playing soccer , but now I need to take a shower ... and my room is so cold I don't really want to ! 
- why are scientists wasting time trying to find the cure for cancer and the common cold and things like that ? They need to focus on something really important - developing calorie free chocolate . 
- You know that feeling that life imprisonment for murder might be worth it ? Yeah , I got it . 
can see SUNLIGHT !!!! Oh blessed sunlight , how I have missed you ! 
- WHY are women always fainting in classic literature ? I know they wore corsets and couldn't breathe ... but is that any excuse to be fainting at every opportunity ? 
is SUPER excited she gets to ride this afternoon , but just remembered her barn jacket is at home ... hope I'm not a Katesicle by the time I'm done ! 
thinks that we need a group of people to dress up as the Wizard of Oz group . I lay claim to being the Yellow Brick Road . Then you can all run after me shouting , \Follow the yellow brick road ! \"" 
has a new scratch right across the lense of her glasses , which she is currently forced to wear all the time because of a weird spot on her eye where the contact sits ... bleh . 
has a tired soul 
made an extremely important decision tonight : what her Halloween costume will be . I'm not going to say anything , other than I'll be the one in green ( hehehe ) . 
is confuzzled ... Facebook , what's up with News Feed vs Live Feed ?! 
While playing Buzzword - Me : \Damn the torpedos ... \ " Callie : \ " Full speed ahead ! \ " Dad : \ " I'll give you an extra point if you can tell me who said that . \ " Callie : \ " ... Captain Kirk ? \"" 
feels like my head is about to explode , and the way my heart feels , I wish it would . 
is way too much of a perfectionist ... but my KEMI application looks AMAZING . 
is excited about the Halloween dance tonight . Who's going ? I'll be there - look for me , I'll be the one in green . 
has sent off her application for KEMI . Out of my hands now , so if God wants me in , it's up to Him . 
has discovered she is apparently solar powered ... seeing the beautiful sunlight for the first time in ages has given me energy ! 
has finally acquired what she's coveted for months - a dual screen computer setup ! Now I can goof off at twice the rate I could before ! 
- help ! I'm writing poetry again ! 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you .... 
has now got a car with new oil , air filter , windshield wiper fluid , air in the tires , and a full tank of gas . My dad is the BEST ! 
is no Idina Menzel or < PROPFEMALE > Dodd , but she's a pretty awesome Elphaba just the same . Pics coming when I get back to CofO . 
is really irritated < PROPMALE > wants her to work Tuesday and Thursday mornings ... goodbye , extra hour of sleep . 
loves singing in the shower . Why she always feels like Italian arias are the best choice for singing in the shower remains a mystery . 
had a jump drive which just managed to accidentally fall from her backpack ... into the crack between the elevator and the floor . Of course it would happen to me ... 
needs some people to be photography subjects - if you want some cool pictures taken of you , and a very grateful friend , let me know ! 
was just informed there is a 75% < PROPMALE > that once something falls down the elevator shaft , it's gone for good . But no one's sure , because apparently I'm the first person to accidentally drop something down the elevator shaft . 
has a heart that still aches - but the poison is cleaned from the wound now , so maybe it'll heal . 
- it's Friday , and my best friend will be here in three hours - YAY !!!!! 
had an AWESOME night with some great friends - playing Dominion , Apples to Apples , and going to IHOP . Most fun I've had in ages ! 
- YAY FOR ZENYATTA ! First filly ever to win the BC Classic , now has a perfect record of 14 for 14 . Soon to be 2009 Horse of the Year . What a gal ! 
is late for lunch . Hence , late for work . All because I'm having to put all the information I need onto my backup jump drive , because they still haven't bothered to get my primary jump drive out of the elevator shaft ! 
Differences I've noticed about the English UK setting : 1 . Times are displayed in a 24 hour format , 2 . dates are displayed ( day ) ( month ) , 3 . favorite is spelled favourite and 4 . instead of favorite TV shows it has favourite TV programmes . 
feels like the whole concept of weekend is kind of ruined when I have plans the entire time ... 
will be in Kansas City watching \Wicked\ " with < PROPFEMALE > Hughes and Linetta Easter in exactly two weeks ! " 
just found out that if you type in the names of the Hogwarts houses into Word , it will tell you that Hufflepuff , Ravenclaw , and Slytherin are misspelled , but not Gryffindor . 100 points to Gryffindor ! 
wants to know where the weekend went . I'm exhausted and there's so much to do still ! 
- if Pinocchio said his nose was about to grow , what would happen ? 
thinks everyone needs to go to mylifeisg.com . Right now . 
is tired of being cold and tired . But yay ! Break's almost here ! 
I'm not even sure how I'm still conscious ... 
just filled out the Intent to Leave survey and took a bunch of stuff that I can live without for a few weeks down to my car . Oh my gosh - I really am graduating ! 
has just discovered that her jump drive can survive a five story fall down an elevator shaft and still work fine - yes , I got it back ! Unfortunately , I just snapped my cell phone charger cord ... so if you want to get in contact with me , this is probably the best way , until I get a new charger . 
needs chocolate and caffiene - NOW . 
would like to say a lot of things right now , but as they're quite unbecoming for a lady I shall refrain . I shall simply sum it up in four words : Life freakin ' sucks sometimes . 
is at home , loving the fact that I get a whole week kinda-sorta-semi-off . Still need to do some homework though . Hope my family doesn't mind hearing me try to learn my < PROPMALE > song . And I've forgotten how SLOW our Internet is ! 
gave the bird a bath , made cinnamon rolls , and is now relaxing and ripping the new Casting Crowns CD on her computer . Good day . 
has a problem - between the cat and the dog , there's almost no room in my bed for me . 
was told by my sisters that I needed to make the pies . So I decorated the apple pie with the Apple logo and a pi symbol . It's awesome . 
is tired , has too much to do , and doesn't really want break to be over - but only three weeks until I'm done with college forever . Weird . 
firmly believes that one of the greatest pleasures in life is getting into a freshly-made bed with nice clean sheets when you're nice and clean yourself . If only there was a thunderstorm raging outside right now and I had another two hours to sleep , life would be great . 
just spent three hours in the < PROPMALE > studio sculpting a bridle out of < PROPMALE > . It looks awesome . I'm holding my breath hoping it survives the bisque firing . 
wonders if anyone told < PROPFEMALE > Palin we don't allow firearms on campus ? 
has a leg that hurts and will likely be bruised tomorrow , and ruined her favorite pair of gloves - how , you ask ? Let's just say , me and gravity aren't friends . 
For those who are wondering - I heard back about the internship . I've been waitlisted . Have I mentioned how horribly sick I am of always being in limbo about everything ?! 
is about to go to classes for the last time on a Friday - weird ! 
had a great day hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Prier - I love my awesome friends ! 
Help ! Does anyone have superglue ?! I need to fix my phone . 
just finished her last Monday as an undergraduate . And came back to discover a missed phone call from one of the farms I sent my resume to . Job in the future ? 
doesn't know what the temperature is in her room - but far too cold . And it's supposed to be colder tonight ... great ... 
- HALLELUJAH THERE'S HEAT !!! 
is so excited that today is < PROPFEMALE > Hughes's birthday ! How did my little sister get to be 12 so fast ?! 
just remembered why you should always smell body wash before you put it on . I now smell like < PROPFEMALE > flavored childrens Tylenol . I hate < PROPFEMALE > flavored childrens Tylenol . 
does NOT want to study , but is consoled by the fact that this is the last accounting test EVER ! 
is officially finished with her agribusiness < PROPMALE > ! 
has been given a thorough kidney cleansing tonight , courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > Berry ... thanks . 
is going to watch NCIS with < PROPFIRST > Joy Pleima and then study REALLY HARD for the Marriage and Family final . 
officially loves < PROPMALE > Grey tea . 
is essentially finished with finals . Just have to show up in a couple places tomorrow ! 
is so excited that babysitting gave her the money she needed for Christmas presents . So very NOT excited by the prospect of packing though ... 
is done with classes . Forever . How weird . 
just discovered her car trunk holds two milk crates , three suitcases , one printer , a box , a bag full of DVDs and CDs , part of her really big chair , and all the clothes she had in her closet . Now to get everything else into the rest of my car . Where did I get so much stuff ?! 
HAS A NEW DOG ! 
loves < PROPFEMALE > . And I don't mean the TV show - I mean my new dog . She's extremely friendly and very smart . How could someone not want this dog ?! 
is not graduating with honors - the class that I took for the heck of it because I was told it was easy and I liked the subject is the one that sunk me . 
would like to say , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! May you have an amazing day and remember the reason we're celebrating ! 
is tired , nearly froze to death at SDC today , and calculates on Monday I will be going crazy with loneliness for my friends . 
Happy New Year ! May 2011 be good to you ! 
I'm SO tired ... definitely time for a shower and bed . 
- who's on campus for the workweek ? I'm coming down to help < PROPFEMALE > move in tomorrow and would love to have lunch/dinner with anyone who's around ! 
learned two things today - ( 1 ) my car HATES cold weather , and ( 2 ) I'm supposed to run a mile and a half in just under 19 minutes by February 7 , which normally wouldn't be a problem except that the FREAKIN ' HUGE MOUNTAINS OF SNOW have blanketed my normal route and HOW am I supposed to run when it's not safe to WALK it ?! 
Does anyone else have a dog who barks in her sleep ? < PROPFEMALE > did it quite a bit the other day , and she was doing it earlier tonight . It's hilarious . I'm hoping she does it again because I went and got my camera so I can film it . 
Gray ( I know , boring , right ? ) 
thinks the animals have some species confusion going on ... Snow , the cat , was playing fetch last night , and < PROPFEMALE > , the dog , was playing with yarn today . 
had a great workout , but came home to find two dogs acting innocent amidst the destruction that was littered around the living room . I think we came back just in time , because the doll I've had since I was 2 was among the wreckage , with just a ripped dress . I promptly wrecked my revenge by vaccinating both of them . 
is jealous of all my friends who are at CofO and have classes , work , and friends to occupy their time . I have too much time on my hands and I've become entirely too dependent on my dog for socialization . 
The cat is not being very friendly tonight . I wonder if he knows why we're taking him to the vet tomorrow ...? 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
Do NOT watch the Food Network when you're hungry and there's nothing decent to eat in the house ... 
still praying for a job ... sigh . 
worked four hours cleaning the teacher supply room at church ( and barely made a dent ) , made dinner , played with the animals , and is baking the last of the gingersnaps I made last night . It's been a good day . 
< PROPFEMALE > brushed < PROPFEMALE > , pulling all the bits of stuff out of her fur . A couple hours later , the brush has been destroyed by < PROPFEMALE > . Coincidence ? I prefer to think some puppy plotting occurred . As Dad says , < PROPFEMALE > is the mouth , < PROPFEMALE > is the muscle . 
shall be attending a banquet to be held at CofO on Monday ... anybody gonna sit with me , or should I bring a book ? 
Lord , keep Your arm around me and Your hand over my mouth . 
YES !!!!! Getting my credit card canceled when I was in Ireland and only had 20 euros in my pocket was apparently a horrendous enough horror story to win me a prize from \mental_floss\ " ! ( aka my favorite magazine in the world ! ) " 
helped Dad cobble together an extension for the vacuum so we could get the ceiling on the stairs . MacGyver would be proud . 
has her first day at a new job tomorrow . I guess we'll see how this goes ...? 
LOVES < PROPMALE > Brown . Seriously . He's awesome . 
would like to ask that all those people who are posting the \post a picture of you and your significant other\ " messages to PLEASE STOP . Respect those of us who don't have anyone to buy < PROPFEMALE > or flowers for us . Respect those of us for whom \ " dinner and a movie\ " means you microwave a meal and pop a DVD in . Please stop rubbing salt in our wounds . " 
is watching the Olympics opening ceremony . Am I the only one who finds it hilarious when a country known for its good ( that is , not cold ) weather has one athlete competing ? I applaud your efforts , Antigua , Barbados , Ethiopia , and all the other countries who just want to be there . 
does not like having a stomach flu . Forget the common cold , let's figure out a cure for that . 
still isn't at 100% , but I'm pretty grateful to be at 90% right now . 
is grateful to have a job - but I wish it was something I was actually enthused about . I've only worked a week and I'm already dreading the idea of going to work . 
has discovered the sport I want to do in the winter Olympics - snowboard cross . Goodness knows , there's been enough snow around here , now if I only had a snowboard ... 
Today is going by SO SLOWLY ! 
made English breakfast tea - yay . But then accidentally added too much sugar - boo . And there's no milk - double boo . 
You know what the great thing about the Olympics is ? How it instantly turns everyone into experts on every sport . You might not have even heard of it before , but by golly , you know how it should be done . 
has had an interesting day . I didn't get my hair cut , gave the Puddlejumper a bath , took < PROPFEMALE > to meet a horse for the first time , discovered that < PROPFEMALE>('s stomach ) doesn't like car rides , scrubbed out the backseat of my car , finally put up my shelf , and finished with watching the Olympics . It was a good day . 
made enchiladas for dinner , but they aren't very good when your dog has whacked you in the head ( by accident ! ) and made you bite your mouth and the sauce stings against the cut . Oh well - also got the mess cleaned up from the pillow < PROPFEMALE > wrecked . Anybody know where I can buy rawhide bones by the case ? 
doesn't know how much more of this she can take - I would do ANYTHING to be able to work in a barn again . I arranged to take riding lessons though , so if I'm doing lessons 2x a week and going to the gym every day maybe I can get into shape and get a job riding or something . 
loves the little things in life - like the way my hair smells after I get it washed and cut , and getting a stove where all the burners work , and the dogs getting excited when I come home , and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream , and friends ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) who can design graphics that'll be awesome , and the idea that maybe I can do something that can earn me a living and be fun ( and honest ! ) . 
Great job < PROPFEMALE > Rochette ! What a tremendous display of courage and determination , to overcome the death of her mother and win the bronze medal ! 
wishes this cold would go away . I'm kind of tired of spending my weekends sick . 
was driving around with the windows in the car cracked because it's a toasty warm 46 degrees out ( yes , people who still live in < PROPFEMALE > , we're considering this warm ) . 
wishes a happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > McCloud , < PROPFIRST > Joy Pleima , and < PROPFEMALE > White . Gee ... I know a lot of people with birthdays today ! 
Here's a thought - God has used donkeys , murderers , prostitutes , liars , and people who just flat out did not want to do what He wanted them to , for His purposes . What's to stop Him from using you ? 
GAH - I am SO glad they finally got the stupid lightbulb replaced at the end of the tunnel . 
is very sorry she taught < PROPFEMALE > what a Gibbs slap is . 
is excited about getting to see Seussical tonight ! 
doesn't know how she feels 
Kneivel sure does think he's cute , but I wish he would realize that doesn't give him the right to sit on me in whatever odd way he wants . 
does NOT intend to ever take < PROPFEMALE > ( my dog ) ANYWHERE again without making sure she's had anti-nausea medicine . I do NOT LIKE scrubbing the backseat of my car . 
is printing out business cards , then headed to bed so I can wake up , go to the library and use the WiFi to fix my website , then go to HorseFest so I can convince people they should let me design their websites . Then I get to look forward to Saturday in Branson with some awesome friends ! 
had her website blow up , went to HorseFest anyway , had fun , won a raffle and got some Oster grooming tools ( which I've really wanted ! ) , and did talk to an association about getting a new website . Now trying to repair my website ... grr . 
is disappointed < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will not be racing in the Apple < PROPFEMALE > - but not surprised . I still get to see Zenyatta though , and maybe the winner of the Kentucky Derby will come by way of the Arkansas Derby ! 
Have I mentioned how much I HATE Internet Explorer ? No , hated does not fully describe how I feel . I loathe , detest , abhor Internet Explorer . Yes , this is the cry of a web designer who has created a beautiful website - only to have Internet Explorer chew it up and spit it in her face . It works perfectly in Chrome , Firefox , Safari , and not at all for IE . Sigh . 
is thinking about what to make for dinner ... guess it's fish and asparagus , and maybe some noodles , which is exactly what I made for dinner a couple days ago . Need to go shopping for ingredients for recipes . 
< PROPFEMALE > would like opinions . If a mermaid ate fish , would it be cannibalism ? 
Why do people eat corned beef and cabbage on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? Wouldn't it be more authentically < PROPFEMALE > if we all ate potatoes ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is driving me INSANE . She's bored and she keeps wanting to go outside , but I know if I let her out she'll run to the back door and want back in again . 
can NOT believe the health care < PROPMALE > passed . I guess the government is just wanting to bankrupt us . Finding another country is looking better and better ... 
just worked with < PROPFEMALE > on her agility training . Neither of us know what we're doing , but she's gotten really good at going through the cardboard box tunnel and over a little jump . 
doesn't like the feeling that you need to talk about something to someone , but you know it's going to be awkward and they're not going to like it , so you just shut up and put it off . It's uncomfortable . 
built her first agility obstacle today . I now have a very nice jump , 4 ' wide and capable of 34\ high jumps . It cost me $12 and an hour's worth of work to put it together . < PROPFEMALE > has since discovered that she likes to jump . I'm going to need to build a few more ... " 
had a very full , very fun day , shopping with Mom and < PROPFEMALE > as a birthday present . 
is trying not to worry about anything - because it's in God's hands , after all , and I know He'll put me where He wants me . 
\What's the point of havin ' a rapier wit if I can't use it to stab people ? \"" 
* TAKE A MINUTE AND DO THIS ! * Call the Nestle Hot line at 1-800 295-0051 . When asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , wait quietly for about 10 seconds and you will smile . Keep going and press 4 . Then press 7 . Don't give away the surprise . If it's busy , keep trying !!! This is too funny ! :) 
thinks it's a sad sign of the times when your twelve-year-old sister has a self-confessed online shopping obsession . 
Somedays , it's just not worth getting out of bed ... ouch .... 
Nose is stuffed . Can't breathe . This is with the allergy medicine . Oh yes , spring is here . 
It is very annoying when you can't sleep because you have hiccups . Just an observation . 
( we're watching < PROPMALE > Brown talk about curry ) Dad : \Your mom and I went to eat at an Indian restaurant the other day ... I had pudding . \"" 
Thanks to a comment my mom just read me that someone posted on one of her friend's profiles , I'm now trying to figure out how many helium-filled balloons I would need to build a hovercar . 
It's fun playing dress up ... with the dog . 
is ( gasp ! ) going to bed before midnight , but that's because I have to be up at 4:00 to go to Hot Springs , Arkansas with < PROPFEMALE > , Sivana , and < PROPFEMALE > , so we can watch Zenyatta win race #16 ! 
YAY I'M AT OAKLAWN !!! 
GO ZENYATTA !!! Winner of the 2010 Apple < PROPFEMALE > Handicap ! 
is SO tired , but it's been awesome . I'm going to be really happy when Sunday afternoon comes though ! ( after I meet up with Linetta Easter , of course ! ) 
Fourth race at Oaklawn was a dead heat ! Awesome ! 
Being woken up by my 65 pound dog jumping on my head = DISLIKE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ( my dog ) has apparently decided that if the cats jump up on the kitchen counter , it must be okay for her to do so as well . Luckily , she's only been jumping up with her front paws . I'm really going to have to have a cow if she gets all four paws on the counter . ( BTW - it is NOT okay for the cats to be on the counter , but Knievel and < PROPFEMALE > do it anyway ) 
had a nightmare last night . I dreamed I found out that even though I'm not taking classes , I was still supposed to be working at CofO , and I wasn't going to graduate because I hadn't been working , and I still had to work the rest of the semester . To make it more terrifying , my workstation was front desk at Keeter ( which I hated ) and I had shifts like 6am-7am Saturday mornings and 5am-7am Thursdays . 
is scheming ... and plotting ... and working something out . Emily-Kathryn Theta-Sigma Slartibartfast-Webb , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Cook-Doom , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > might be interested in it . 
< PROPMALE > , save me , I've been feeling so alone . I keep waiting for you but you never come ... 
was just checking out who I'm sitting next to at graduation . Apparently I'm in between < PROPFEMALE > Hudson ( don't know her ) and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hurst . I wish we could pick where we sat ! 
The good thing about helping with setting up the church garage sale ? First pick ! 
Overheard at Wal-Mart today : ( two girls , standing by a display of soccer balls ) Girl #1 : \Grandma wants to get a soccer ball for Junior . \ " Girl #2 : \ " Really ? Why would a cow need a soccer ball ? \"" 
Today's plans : finish cleaning my room . Vacuum said room . Plan meals for next week . Attempt yoga with < PROPFEMALE > . Sing . Try to fix < PROPFEMALE>'s computer . Maybe ... just possibly ... write . 
needs her own place just so she could have enough bookshelves ! 
is going to bed , so she can wake up early and drive down to CofO . It will SO be worth it though ! 
I firmly believe it is our responsibility as Americans not to give in to terrorism . That said , you try holding out when the terrorist in question is scratching your door at 6:30 in the morning . Dadgum cat ... 
would NOT be surprised to hear that they've decided to retire < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > - two races , two places this year . I'm sure her camp is not thrilled . That's why I'm on Team Z ! 
Want me to kill you quickly ? Disturb me while I'm trying to watch the Kentucky Derby . 
WOOHOO SUPER SAVER !!! I'm so excited that I got to see the 2010 Kentucky Derby winner ! 
should be in bed , but instead I'm trying to fix my website . Why ? Because while I was lying in bed , I realized that the weird issues I've been having with my div width could be solved if I set all my div widths to auto - because they all have margin settings and they're in my wrapper div which has a width setting . And naturally I had to do it right away . And I'm sure most people will find this incomprehensible ... 
ate lunch with < PROPFEMALE > outside on the deck , and is now about to go lock herself in the room and write . 
It's a sign of my generation that my laptop's power cord wasn't working right , so I took it out and blew in it . 
is going to wash her hair , so she can curl it , because she's got to wake up ridiculously early , so she can drive down to CofO , so she can practice for graduation , and then spend time at SDC with family , and then come back , and wash and dry my hair , so I can curl it , so I can wake up ridiculously early and drive down to CofO for graduation ... 
went to rehearse graduation , then to SDC , but my allergies started trying to kill me , so I took a couple Benadryl , and now I'm .... zzzzzz .... 
is an official college graduate !!! 
is about to go give her first riding lesson ! GIVE ! Not take ! 
is about to go to Wal-Mart , to buy groceries , for our French food tonight . We get to have chicken cordon bleu , ratatouille , French onion soup , and creme brulee for dessert . 
\Ratatouille\ " - easily the most appropriate movie to watch when you've been cooking French food . " 
has been stripping paint . Not fun . 
thinks the Missouri lawmakers actually did a great job today ! They banned K2 , made it a law that women have to have an ultrasound before they can have an abortion , imposed harsher DWI penalties , and petitioned the state supreme court to file suit against Obamacare . Hopefully Nixon won't mess it all up ! 
Please put this on your status if you know\ 
or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by\ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that The Empire\ 
is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring\ 
peace to the galaxy but the evil empire continues to kill innocent\ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status\ 
for at least 1 hour ? 
must admit , she's glad Super Saver didn't win the Preakness - if I thought there was a < PROPMALE > at a Triple Crown champion , I'd have to sneak away from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s wedding reception so I could watch the Belmont - because as much as I love < PROPFEMALE > , I'm not missing a potential Triple Crown win . Maybe 2011 will be the year ? 
Dear Lucy : puppy dogs who weigh seventy pounds do not make good lap dogs . Sincerely , your loving owner . 
LOVES thunderstorms . Seriously . I think they're a glimpse of God's power . 
Just saw McDonald's advertising cookies , 3/$1 or a baker's dozen for $4.99 - * facepalm * 
is exhausted , frustrated , and dismayed . I've got a long day tomorrow - church , then checking out an agility competition , then coming home and working on the dresser I've stripped and have to sand and paint , and trying to figure out what to do with all the random things I own . Sigh . 
has a chocolate cake in the oven . My mouth is going to be happy , my hips , not so much . 
I feel like I've been run over by a truck . Then it backed up and hit me again . Who knew sanding was so hard ? 
is disheartened to see her bank account dwindling so rapidly . Oh well - tomorrow is my first day of actual work , so perhaps it will be growing again soon ! 
Off to my first day of work ! I hope it doesn't get too hot ... 
I have the sound effects from Geyser Gulch stuck in my head . What the heck ?! 
has thoroughly enjoyed her day off , and is grateful she only has one day of standing in the humidity and heat , maintaining a smile while her feet hurt and tourists complain because the rides will probably be shut down due to weather AGAIN and ask her if her dress is hot . But despite all of this , I am grateful to have a job and even more grateful that I genuinely enjoy it . Hope this keeps up ! 
fully understands why Picard's favorite phrase was \Tea . < PROPMALE > Grey . Hot . \"" 
is looking for an apartment in Branson . If anyone knows of someplace that's under $500 , let me know where it is ! 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s wedding . Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and Will ( as well as < PROPFIRST > W . Mills and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mills , who also were married yesterday) ! I hope you guys have amazing lives as husbands and wives ! 
is SO glad that tomorrow is my Friday ! Ten hours on concrete is hard ! 
would like to know WHY the darn air conditioner isn't working . Time to call in the professionals - I don't want to be in a hot house all day . 
So . Tired . My feet ache . My ankles feel swollen . I love my job . But do I have to wake up so darn early for it ? 
I am ridiculously excited that I get to sleep in until 7:45 tomorrow ! I had a great day at work though - despite the sudden thunderstorm that surprised us ! 
wishes we still had a carpet cleaner , like when we lived in < PROPFEMALE > . It sure beats trying to get these tremendously huge spots out of the carpet with a dinky little steamer . 
WOOHOO ! I FINALLY finished stripping , sanding , and painting the dresser I've been working on . It looks awesome ! Now , I have to motivate myself to actually put my clothes in it ... 
Apparently , my dog managed to dig in my bag , find my brand-new pack of gum , and eat it . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , I guess I might as well announce that it's official - I'm moving to my own apartment in Hollister July 1 ! No more hour-and-twenty-minute commutes to work for me ! 
would like to apologize to anyone who got spam mail from me . Someone hacked my account . I'd been thinking about the fact that my password might be a little weak ... guess it was ! 
At the library , waiting on my car while it's being inspected . Then I get to go renew the plates . Then I get to go to Walmart and buy the things I absolutely NEED for my new apartment . Then I get to go home and sort out the stuff that's going in my first load of things and apologize to my poor bank account . 
I am SO tired , but instead of falling into bed , I have to pack stuff in my car - I know moving out of your family's house is a part of life , but the idea of moving to someplace that's not a dorm makes me want to run and hide under my bed like my dog does ! 
First time I've been online since Monday . Weird . 
giggles maniacally while lighting fireworks . 
I HAVE INTERNET AGAIN !!!! WOOHOO !!!! And I'm getting everything together to have friends over tonight ! Double WOOHOO !!!! 
is so tired , she fell asleep watching \The Young Victoria\ " ( for the second time this week ) but had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > Mayberry and < PROPFEMALE > O'Toole " 
is SO ridiculously tired . I'm going to go crawl into bed now ... 
has a poor , heat-warped brain that's dreaming up fan fiction - a Scooby Doo/Gilligan's Island crossover , to be precise 
By far , the worst part of living by yourself : when it comes to meals , you can either make it yourself , buy it , or starve . 
has got five kittens , born yesterday - anybody going to be wanting a cat in about 6-8 weeks ? 
A fly just flew into my ear . I screamed . 
I don't want anyone to question whether or not I'm brilliant - because I obviously am . I want people to question whether or not I'm sane . 
is getting ready to go to White Water ! 
had fun today , teaching < PROPFIRST > how to do an emergency dismount . I don't think her dad was too happy to see her jumping off her moving horse though ! 
just had the delightful realization that tomorrow is PAYDAY ! 
feels AWFUL . I've had a horrible cough all day . 
I still feel gross and sick - but pretty sure it's allergies . My cough has gotten WAY better since I made it back to my apartment and now I'm enjoying AC and listening to the kittens squeal for their mother . 
is preparing to go run errands . First Walmart for food , then back to the apartment to put the food up , then to find some place to do my laundry . Possible stop by Target to drool over clothes I can't afford right now . Unless I find a REALLY good sale , of course . 
just spent WAY more money than she meant to . At least I bought enough food to last me for a couple weeks ... 
Kitten update - I think I got my genders confused , so I think it's three boys , two girls . Three of them have their eyes open now . Most of them are gaining weight pretty well , although I am somewhat concerned about the runt . 
Four of the five kittens now have their eyes open - poor little runt is still behind , but they're halfway there ! The biggest ones are learning how to walk too . I think I'm going to have my hands full in about a week . 
My attempt at making pancakes for breakfast has resulted in my eating cereal for breakfast . 
was really tired of the cats hissing at each other , so when < PROPFEMALE > hissed at Knievel , I locked her in the bathroom . When Knievel hissed at < PROPFEMALE > , I locked him in the bathroom . Then Knievel pooped in the sink and smeared it all over the counter . I think I need to do something different for him . 
Dangit , they're showing ads for the ASPCA on TV again ... I knew I should have gone to bed earlier . I always hate these ads , they make me cry ! 
is having one of those days ... 
Blah . 
FINALLY found my Canon ! Now I can take some real pictures , and not worry about my stupid Nikon trying to be difficult ! I'm thinking I might never buy anything but a Canon again ... 
It's an interesting thing to note that in sci-fi shows , whatever breaks or goes wrong , it is NEVER the artificial gravity . It might be the engines , the weapons , the shields , the life supports , but you can be assured that when things go horribly wrong , you will not find yourself suddenly floating . You might not have oxygen , but at least you'll asphyxiate on the floor . 
needs to do some stuff , but I'm feeling lazy ... bleh . 
decided there wasn't really that much ice cream left , she might as well finish it off ... 
I should REALLY go to bed now ... 
just realized that in order to see people at the family reunion , she's going to be driving through the heart of Arkansas chicken country . With her windows down because her air conditioner doesn't work . In August . Does anyone doubt that I like my family ? 
sincerely wishes that whoever had the idea of outsourcing call centers to < PROPFEMALE > dies a hideous and painful death . 
Well , no Internet for me for a few days , as my modem broke , and I spent over an hour on the phone talking to an Indian call center last night . Apparently Indians don't understand what eBay is . I'll be back online when I get a new modem , I guess . 
I love my family reunions . Everyone's telling everyone else that they want them to die . 
Congratulations are in order to several friends today ! To < PROPMALE > Croce and < PROPFEMALE > Woodcock , as they are getting married today , and to < PROPFIRST > D Ericson and < PROPFEMALE > Ericson as they get to meet their daughter today ( provided she cooperates and doesn't wait till after midnight to be born ! ) . Also , happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > Mayberry and < PROPFEMALE > O'Toole! 
Can I go home yet ?!?! 
WOOHOO !!! FOUR DAYS OFF !!! And boy could I use it ! 
I'd like to go visit Lenin's tomb , but I think it's probably just another Communist plot . 
dreamed about talking kangaroos last night . 
HAS TEH INTERNETZ AGAIN ! 
My upstairs neighbor is playing the < PROPFEMALE > Chicks , very loudly . I LOATHE the < PROPFEMALE > Chicks . Wonder how he feels about the Wicked soundtrack , as I just decided to see how loud my stereo can get using that . 
is going to save up money and try going to Dragon Con in Atlanta next year . If the guest list next year is anything like this year , it will be geek heaven , as almost everyone from the casts of Deep Space Nine , Voyager , SG-1 , and Atlantis are there . I was drooling on my desk as the thought . And yes - there will be costumes involved . 
I love eBay . Second season of SG-1 , nearly new - $6.25 with shipping included . Now I need to find seasons 5-10 . 
I don't wanna go back to work ! 
The first step of applying to graduate school is complete - I submitted the application . Now for everything else . 
< PROPFIRST > had a little lamb - she cooked it nice and slow - and when she served the meal that night - the lamb was first to go . 
I find it incredibly ironic that the winners of two stakes races today were Debussy and Eclair de Lune . 
My grad school application isn't even finished , and already the rejection nightmares have started ! 
hopes all her CofO friends are having a great first day of school ! 
I'm trying to get everything done that I need so I can go to CofO , visit with my favorite professor , and then be the guest speaker for Equine Science , and then go home . I must admit , I'm pretty thrilled to be the guest speaker already ! 
Statistics show that six out of seven dwarfs aren't happy . 
Saw a sign pointing to a < PROPFEMALE > , but it was a little worn so I read \Narnia . \ " I was really excited for a minute there ... " 
My kittens are terrorists . They keep making sneak attacks on my legs when I don't pay attention to them . 
I WAS planning to go to bed early , but then I wound up having an hour-long conversation with some random teenage girl where I gave her advice on her love life and friendship issues . I hope it at least helped her out - guess I'll just be sleep deprived again . 
has a lap full of kittens . Booya . 
Praise the Lord , my workday is over ! 
MWAHAHA ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > came in SECOND in the Personal Ensign today ! Her first try at a mile and a quarter - bet this has her connections thinking twice about entering her in the Breeders ' Cup Classic , but they should go ahead , so she can finally be defeated by the true < PROPFEMALE > of the track , ZENYATTA !!! 
The < PROPMALE > says to coat your hands with oil when making rice krispy treats , so it won't stick all over your hands . I should listen to the < PROPMALE > , as he is all-knowing in the ways of the kitchen . But cleanup was delicious . 
THANK GOODNESS THE DAY IS OVER . That only took FOREVER ... 
You cant be late until you show up . 
Um , < PROPFIRST > White Hughes , Linetta Easter , and anyone else who cares - I think my phone is broken . It turned off ( no big deal , it's randomly turned off before ) but it won't turn back on , even when I put it on the charger . Guess I'll go by the AT&T store tomorrow and see what can be done . I'm trying not to have a panic attack right now ! 
Um ... so I thought I'd fixed my phone . I set my alarm and went to bed . STUPID STUPID STUPID . Guess who just woke up an HOUR after she was supposed to be at work ?! 
ALL PRAISES TO THE GOOGLE , for their new phone call feature is the only way I had of contacting SDC to let them know I hadn't disappeared off the face of the planet . 
Thank goodness it's almost bedtime . I don't think I could take any more of today . 
Today's going to be a very long day . I'm not looking forward to it . 
Would all my friends who are still in the Branson area do me a favor and like this status ? Just trying to figure out who's here for a project . 
Last day working with < PROPMALE > . I hope I'm able to work all summer outside when I'm 89 . 
Oy . What a day . 
There's a big problem with microwaving soups that contain potatoes - the potato tends to explode and it scares me half to death every time . 
Roundtrip tickets , Springfield to Dublin - $641 . Need to keep saving money . 
< PROPMALE > Smith is playing the Doctor until 2013 , minimum . OHHHHHH YEAHHHHHHH !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > NEEDS to be an outdoor cat . Something is majorly wrong with her digestive system . Bring on the scented candles ! 
It's 2am . I should be going to bed . But NOOOOO , I had to put off writing my statement of interest for UofA until the last minute ... 
is heading to Fayetteville to talk to people at the grad school , then meeting up with really cool peeps - < PROPFEMALE > Smoot and < PROPFEMALE > Sabatini . Yes < PROPMALE > Boeckmann , I know you're jealous . 
Well . So much for THAT grad school idea . Drove two hours to Fayetteville only to be informed there is virtually zero < PROPMALE > I could go there . At least I spent quality time with great friends afterwards , which totally made up for it . 
I have the worst case of insomnia I've EVER had ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was being a tough taskmaster when I was doing yoga on the Wii Fit . She could be either a great yoga teacher or an excellent drill sergeant . 
One of my kittens ( Specs ) is curled up right in front of my nose . He smells strangely like chicken bouillon . What have the cats been doing while I was gone ?! Their food doesn't smell like that ... 
Ugh - there I was eating my cereal and it turned out there was a prize in the box - a really gross looking dried out bug ! Blech . 
I hope everyone will take a minute to remember what happened nine years ago - and whether you are pro- or anti-war , remember that we are fighting a war , and it was the actions taken on this day in 2001 that started it . Take a moment of silence and pray for all those affected by September 11 , 2001 . 
loved having my patio door open until someone decided to smoke outside . Since my lungs like to freak out the second I catch a whiff of cigarette smoke , can't say I appreciate my living room smelling like it . 
is taking a shower and grabbing some food before she goes to < PROPFEMALE > out with Linetta Easter . As excited as I am to see my best friend , she's here because her dad's in the hospital - not good ! 
You know that feeling where you have a bazillion things to do and only a couple hours to do it all ? Yeah ... 
Well , the Bible study wasn't a great success - eight here altogether , but I don't think the six cats count . Had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > Mayberry though , and looking forward to seeing people next week ! 
In the last hour , the demons who look like kittens have destroyed my cell phone charger and a pair of headphones . 
Supposedly we have a < PROPMALE > of storms today . Wonderful . Make my day even MORE boring . 
needs a new pair of headphones . Apparently it wasn't enough that my kittens already destroyed one pair , they tracked down the other and destroyed it too . GRRR ! 
I just figured out why I don't like going to bed - if I go to bed , I have to get up and go to work . And that's not much fun . 
rocks . Seriously , I'm awesome . I spliced together my kitten-eaten phone charger - and it works ! And nothing's blown up or caught on fire yet ! 
Right . Apparently Iowa doesn't have any openings for grad students . Trying to find out about Mizzou . OSU doesn't have a program , UofA doesn't have a program , MSU only does equine nutrition ( bleh ! ) - how far do I have to go to find a graduate program ?! 
has had a very odd day . 
really hates going to the dentist . Fifty minutes to get numbed and fill a couple cavities , then you spend hours waiting for the medicine to wear off . I'm hungry and I want to eat , and I can't do it until I can feel what I'm eating ! 
never judges a book by its cover . She uses the paragraph on the back . It tells you what the book is about . 
is now officially licensed to operate commercial vehicles in the state of Missouri . 
is getting ready for the Bible study tonight ! My apartment , 8:30 . We're studying Ephesians . There will be a wonderful chocolate cake with ( optional ) raspberry sauce for anyone who comes - and you KNOW you want chocolate cake ! 
It is now officially fall . So if the proper weather would like to hurry up and get here , I wouldn't mind . I have a cute new plaid jacket and I can't wait to wear it ! And JEANS !!!!!!!!!! 
So , at exactly six this morning , I was awakened by music . As I laid there , confusion and irritation mingled with my sleepiness . My neighbor above has played his music so loud it woke me up before , but really , six ?! Then I realized it wasn't coming from above , but from my living room . I wasn't sure if I had the creepiest intruder ever but I headed out to check - and found that I had left iTunes open , and my computer 
had a RIDICULOUSLY long day at work , but thank goodness , it's over now ! 
is taking Loudmouth to his new owner in about a hour , and had a response on my Craigslist ad - a family in Rogersville may end up taking both < PROPFEMALE > and Vert tomorrow . I'm grateful to find them homes , but I'm going to miss them ! ( not too much though , I left my computer unattended for a moment and now there are weird popping noises when I type ) . Now , to find someplace for < PROPFEMALE > . 
had a good day and a great evening ! Although , the home for < PROPFEMALE > and Vert fell through - so still have two kittens who need families ! 
Just did the zipline at Shepherd of the Hills . It was AWESOME ! 
needs good blog topics - anyone ? Random junk , questions you've always wondered about , geeky goodness , stuff like that . 
is getting ready for the Bible study tonight - 8:30 , my place . Tonight's menu features oatmeal cookies from the best recipe I've ever encountered . Message or call me if you need directions . 
has Rezzy in one hand , curled up against her chest , the other three kittens on her lap , and < PROPFEMALE > laying on the desk - and all of them are asleep . It's really pretty cute . 
Bad news : this is day one of ten straight days of work . Good news : only five of those are at SDC , then I start my new job ! 
is going to be late for work ( again ) but it's because I was busy posting an ad for these cats on Craigslist - I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE !!! 
There's nothing like remembering , at 11:30 at night , that you were going to wake up early the next morning to shower and pay your rent ... sigh . 
It's nice waking up and finding money in my bank account . Not so nice knowing I'll spend a big chunk on rent . Ah well , such is life . 
had a really awesome night ! 
is finally done with a long , chilly day of work . Now for an evening of hot tea and baking cookies . 
GAH ! I'm in the middle of cooking dinner , about to bake cookies , and I realize I'm out of vegetable oil ! Now I have to go get some ... grrr .... 
It's finally my last day at SDC ! 
had an interesting first day at my new job that culminated in the car breaking down - but then had an even better evening doing things I won't reveal on Facebook , but it was the best time I've had in FOREVER !!! 
My kittens just discovered the toilet paper . I was afraid this would happen . 
The ultimate Facebook game - ninja zombies versus pirate vampires . With some werewolf unicorns thrown in for good measure . I need to sell this idea to someone ... 
has had weird moods all evening - I've felt like I've been wild and thoughtful and someplace far , far away . My body is occupying a bit of space here on Earth , but my soul is somewhere among the stars , soaring on stellar winds and rejoicing in everything . 
I told < PROPFEMALE > ( the cat ) that she was getting nice and plump and was about to be overweight ( good thing , she was ridiculously skinny when I rescued her ) . She growled and lunged at my hand . I didn't realize she was sensitive about her weight . 
had a long , exhausting , and ridiculously fun day yesterday , and about to do the same thing today - I love my life ! 
My neighbor upstairs is playing Disney music . And singing along to it . Much better than < PROPFEMALE > Chicks . 
For those of you who've heard rumors - yes , I did get in a car accident . Thankfully , neither myself nor the Puddlejumper were seriously injured . The Puddlejumper gets a new windshield though . Hydroplaning = bad , scary stuff . 
If someone offers you a lifetime supply of < PROPFEMALE > and theres\ 
just one piece , dont eat it , its probably poison . 
enjoyed the beautiful fall day - I love the Ozarks in October ! 
thought that the new Third Day CD wasn't coming out until next month - nope , it comes out next Tuesday ! YAY ! 
would like to put something insanely clever and interesting here , something that makes everyone click \like\ " and comment \ " LOL ! \ " and \ " ROFL ! \ " and stuff like that - but I've got nothing . " 
realized just how many lies we tell children - like < PROPFEMALE > tales . The damsels in distress always get rescued by the < PROPMALE > and they live happily ever after . Sometimes , though , there is no < PROPMALE > , no happily ever after , and if the damsel in distress wants out , she better be prepared to fight . 
Not only did I get the new Third Day CD , I got a free shirt with it too ! SWEET ! 
has become rather frustrated with continually being confused . 
\Star Trek : Voyager\ " and a bowl of chocolate fudge brownie ice cream with bananas before bed - exactly what I needed . " 
is having a day of discouragement . Bleh . 
desperately needs a large cup of tea . Now . I might even be willing to drink green tea at this point . 
Once again , thank you God for giving me a dad who made sure I knew how to change a tire ! 
Yesterday was comically bad . Everything from my shoelace breaking to getting a massively blownout tire when taking something to Lebanon ( I mean it , the tread was GONE ) to not getting paid because my employers ' computer blew up . Today though , I'm taking pictures for a website I'm working on , then I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > to the Hollywood Wax Museum , and taking < PROPFEMALE > to her new home . Already it's a much better day . 
Bad news : I have to work tomorrow . Good news : I'm only working three days this week . Bad news : it's because I have to get my wisdom teeth out on Thursday . I'm torn between joy at the thought of four days in a row off and misery at the thought that there will be pain and discomfort involved . 
I keep having the feeling of impending doom - have to remember that whatever God wants is what's going to happen . 
So ... if I take Rezzy ( one of my kittens ) as part of my Halloween costume when I take < PROPFEMALE > Hughes and < PROPFEMALE > Smith trick or treating , do you think people will be more likely to give me < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Dear upstairs neighbors : I apologize if my sudden screams of pain disturb you . It was just one of my kittens attacking me in the ribs , with claws . I hope you didn't call the cops . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
Wisdom teeth are out . Ow . Now I just need to hurry up and heal so I can eat way too much Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why is it that I can make complicated pieces of origami with no problem , yet I can't tie a tie to save my life ?! 
Sigh . I'm starving and I want something nice and solid , but it hurts to open my mouth wider than an inch , so I guess I'm not getting it ... 
Just choked down a bowl of French onion soup . OOOOOWWWWWWW . I have never had such a difficult time eating . 
Why yes . I did just stay up until 4 am organizing my music collection . 
wishes a friend of hers would stop being such a numbskull and realize how much people care about him ! YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE . 
I'm debating about participating in NaNo . I'll probably follow my usual procedure of being just as chicken-hearted as usual though . Sigh . 
Still having trouble with the wisdom teeth - my jaw's still swollen , and it feels like someone filled it with concrete and used it as a punching bag . Every movement causes reverb through my sinuses and I couldn't sleep from the pain . I'm going to stop and talk to the oral surgeon on my way to work . 
Note to self : next time you get the sudden urge to bake cookies after the store's closed - MAKE SURE YOU HAVE EGGS . 
Anyone who's going to Homecoming - there's a big group of people going to Lambert's Saturday night ( meet there at 6:30 ) . We're hoping to take over the restaurant . LMK if you plan to come and I'll add you to the count when I get there so we get enough seats ! 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out on campus with friends - just like old times ! 
I will be getting four hours of sleep . And it will totally be worth it . 
is getting really excited about the Breeders ' Cup Classic . Go Zenyatta , go ! 
As disappointed as I am that Zenyatta will not be retiring with a perfect record , she will be retiring uninjured , which is far more important . And she ran an amazing race - that's got to be the best non-winning effort I've seen . 
worked an hour and made $60 . Oh , how I love web design . 
Dear Rezzy , < PROPFEMALE > , and Specs : I AM TRYING TO WRITE . WILL YOU FREAKIN ' LEAVE ME ALONE ?! Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
is feeling awfully lonely right now . 
Right . Next time one of my kittens jumps on me , WITH CLAWS , I might wring their neck . 
is officially registered to take the GRE on December 30 . Gulp . 
is going retro today - boss's daughter needed the GPS so I've got to use this weird thing called a \map . \ " Don't think I like it ... " 
is tired , broke , depressed , and in pain . < sarcasm > Life is peachy right now . < /sarcasm > 
I'm late ( the joys of working all day ) , but I would like to thank all the veterans and active-duty military I know . You are amazing people and I'm grateful that you have kept/are keeping this country safe . 
It's so nice to hit the brakes on my car and not hear a horrible grinding ! Thanks Mom ! 
DANGIT ! Who let Rezzy watch Shrek 2 ? She figured out how to do the Puss in Boots eyes ... 
I'm FINALLY watching the updated version of \Sherlock Holmes\ " - and it's amazing . " 
I've only watched the first episode (\A Study In Pink \") but I already want more Sherlock Holmes . I think this is one of those things I NEED for my DVD collection . " 
is such an idiot sometimes . 
is having such a bad day , I needed to turn on the Christmas music . And you know what ? It's helped . Slightly . 
Seriously ? What does today have against me ? It must have something , it's been walloping me ever since I woke up . 
DUDE . I just realized \The Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader\ " comes out IN LESS THAN A MONTH . I can't decide if I'm more excited about this or \ " Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 . \"" 
Forget one of those days , it's been one of those weeks . 
I realized I hadn't received my electric < PROPMALE > in October when I opened up the one I just got and it was $90 - EEK ! Wish my < PROPMALE > s were synchronized so it would be easier to notice if something goes missing like that ... 
wishes she had the money for < PROPMALE > Potter tickets tonight .... 
\Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1\ " - AMAZING . Of course . " 
may have had too much caffeine . Just a guess . Since it's 4 am and I'm bright eyed and bushy tailed still . 
AHHH !!! On the way to dinner with Linetta , then we go see WICKED !!! 
425 < PROPMALE > driven . More money than I care to think about spent . Totally worth it . 
was considering a traditional Thanksgiving of inviting people who were nice to me over for a big feast before I give them fatal diseases and drive them away from their land because I want it - but I think I'll probably just enjoy a nice day with my family and eat lots of food instead . 
I've never tipped a cow , but that's because I've never had one serve me food . 
Even when you know there's no such thing as < PROPMALE > Charming , sometimes it's hard not to hope he's going to show up anyway ... 
LONG day . But it had a good ending . I have awesome friends even if they think hiding in trunks so they can pop out mid-car ride and scare me is absolutely hilarious ( okay , I have to admit , it was .... ) . 
Specs was just delivered to his new home . I think it's a good place for him , but I'll miss him ! 
Sometimes , performing a random act of kindness is as good for you as the person you're doing it for . 
is trying to make some of those tough choices that are going to have a < PROPMALE > impact on her future . 
Change your\ 
FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not \ 
see a human face till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child\ 
abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to \ 
do the same . 
wishes someone would shut the alarm off . It won't stop meowing . 
would totally win \Iron Chef : Easy Bake Oven Edition . \"" 
Maybe my problem is that I'm giving into gravity when I'm supposed to be defying it . 
Oh Rezzy . As happy as I am to see you chasing a mouse - please don't < PROPMALE > the computer mouse . 
Just found Klingon death metal songs on YouTube . I think it's time to get off the Internet now ... 
Thought I'd be good and got up an hour early to go for a short jog this morning . Short wound up being three minutes - my poor lungs started screaming for air with moisture in it . I guess I'm going to have to find a treadmill to use ... 
Okay .... I'm going to give in . Send me < PROPFIRST > , friends . 
1236 - I have fond memories of our time together in Keeter Hell . Well , fond might be overstating it . Okay , actually , I absolutely hated Keeter and I think I set a speed record after I clocked out the last time , but you were one of the few bright spots of working there . You made me laugh a lot and I like people who can make me laugh a lot . 
45 - Hmmm ... well , I haven't seen you in forever . Seems like you're keeping busy . I was glad I got to see you last May , and hopefully I'll get the < PROPMALE > to come down there sometime . Being an adult isn't much fun , is it ?! 
51357 - I MISS YOU SO MUCH ! Yes - even being poked in the ribs . I was actually thinking about you the other day because I realized you're the only person I know who actually has any clue what happens beneath the hood of a car . Sad , huh ? When you guys get back in Missouri I'll drive up and bug you sometimes . 
42.3 - ahh , good memories of SDC . Wish we could have a reunion sometimes - make those Fayetteville people drive up . We would probably have a completely wild party . If I'm ever around your neck of the woods I'll let you know ! 
MEH . It's that kind of day . 
918 - wow , you should have just texted me , it was pure < PROPMALE > I saw that . What can I say that you don't already know ? You're amazing . Your choice of number made me laugh . I'm gonna go spot a couple pineapples now . 
I feel like I've gotten a nice big dose of mental Novacaine right now ... 
In case there was a flicker of doubt about how much I love my little sister - not only am I making her birthday cake at 3 in the morning , I'm going to Walmart to buy another cake mix because the first one was a lot thinner than I thought it would be , and I wanted to get it frosted tonight . All because I want to make sure < PROPFEMALE > Hughes has the most awesome birthday cake she's ever had . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s birthday cake looks AMAZING . I will post pictures as soon as I can , but I don't want to ruin the surprise for her ! 
Rules for Speed Monopoly - one player decides he is the banker . Then , for no good reason , the banker hits everyone as hard as he possibly can . Starting counter clockwise of the banker , each player gets a < PROPMALE > to hit everyone else . By the end , everyone will be mad at each other and you will have saved yourself several hours of arguing and math ! 
Rezzy loves to < PROPMALE > her own tail . It's extremely amusing , and almost makes me forgive her for destroying all the Christmas tree ornaments . Almost . 
It's frustrating trying to find one particular song on an iPod Shuffle . It's really frustrating when you have the CD containing that song on the car seat next to you but you can't play it because your stereo has decided CDs are evil . It's downright maddening when you realize the reason you can't find the song is because apparently your computer lied about syncing it !!! 
What the heck ?! SyFy canceled SGU . Now , I'm not a fan of SGU ( too similar to BSG for me ) - but the very fact that they DARED cancel a Stargate series after TWO SEASONS ... well , I'm going to look for a betting pool for when they collapse completely , because I think it'll be soon ( hint : science-fiction fans don't want to watch wrestling ! ) . 
As disappointing as it is when I don't get what I want , I know it's because God has something better in store . 
I want to go to Narnia ... 
I WANTED to watch \Psych\ " while I wrapped presents and cleaned - but my Internet is so slow I'll have to settle for something on a DVD ... " 
And the creative rush has exhausted itself - I repainted my desk . I like it , but I'm ready for bed now ... 
Wow - that was one of the worst nights of sleep I've had in a while . When I wasn't hacking up a lung I was having strange dreams involving decorating cakes with bright blue fondant . I'm excited to see Linetta Easter tonight though ! 
NEW DOCTOR WHO ! Yay ! 
FINALLY got my computer formatted , and programs are being reinstalled . Hopefully that pesky virus has gone away ... 
I have a Xbox 360 , and Fallout 3 for it . And I also have the GRE on Thursday . Is it worth studying at this point ? Because there ARE other things to do ... 
Gah .... GRE today . I'm ready to get this over with . 
GRE is finished . I don't remember the last time I was this exhausted mentally . 
Dear Puddlejumper : thanks for choosing the coldest day all winter to overheat . I appreciate it . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
LOVES driving through this ridiculous mess known as Springfield , and through back highways in the middle of nowhere . < /sarcasm > 
I have that horrible , deep-down-in-your-soul lonely feeling again . Not a fan of it . 
If I could have one wish right now , I would wish for someone who would make me a cup of tea and give me a hug . 
Productive day ! Eight hours and forty five minutes of work , a hour and half at the gym , and realized I had almost everything I need to apply for grad school . Now , to shower and go to bed ( would be easier if Rezz wasn't sleeping on my legs right now ... ) . 
I love coming home and having my pets excited to see me . < PROPFEMALE > tries to knock me over and Rezzy tries to smother me at the first opportunity . 
Why does misery always wait until the middle of the night to hit ? 
Nothing matters but knowing nothing matters ; it's just life , so keep dancing through ... 
WOOHOO !!!! Zenyatta can now add \Horse of the Year\ " to her list of awards ! I'm SO excited ! " 
I love being paid to sit around and wait . Thank you Lord for slow nights ! 
Failure is not an option . It comes bundled with your Microsoft product . 
So here's a question ... in a fight between Voldemort and Darth Vader , who would win and why ? 
Life is a lot like riding Space Mountain - you're in the dark , you have no idea what's coming up , so all you can do is hold on , scream , and pray the drops aren't too bad . 
I saw two shooting stars ( well , meteors ) tonight , sitting in my car and having a conversation with God . They make me feel a little bit more hopeful , like maybe everything will come out right after all . 
Wow . Every week the class I supervise at church descends more and more into \barely controlled chaos . \"" 
Thank you , Snowpocalypse . This is the second day I've been off . Not used to getting weekends in the middle of the week . I'll enjoy it until I get my paycheck . 
My feet have been soaking wet all day . Need to find my wellies before tomorrow ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I made cookies and are now watching \Enchanted\ " - she loves it because of the brief glimpses of a \ " Wicked\ " poster and the fact that it has Idina Menzel and the guy who plays Wormtail in it . I'm going to miss the next few minutes though since I'm making < PROPMALE > icing for the cookies . " 
I learned a valuable lesson today . Going to the gym hungry + watching \Private Chefs of < PROPFEMALE > Hills\ " while working out = VERY bad idea . At least I burned off the calories before I ate them ... " 
I had a very random dream last night where I attended the < PROPMALE > wedding . It involved a tsunami , Girl Scout badges , my aunt , my grandmother , and an incredibly large amount of black felt hats . I have no idea where that came from ... 
The more I trudge through the snow , the better the idea of running away to Florida to join the Thoroughbred racing circuit looks ... 
I just went through a few minutes of panic as I booted my computer and it said the operating system wasn't found . I instantly pulled out my screwdriver < PROPFEMALE > and checked - the hard drive had been knocked loose . Once I reset it everything was fine . I am so glad I have the skill and the knowledge to fix things like that ! 
Showed up to work and discovered I get to go to Kansas City . Cool ! Too bad there's no time for sightseeing . 
Should I be in bed ? Yes , I should . Am I doing something else instead ? Yes , I am . 
There is no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you're going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far . 
Is it really odd that I'm very intrigued by the idea of the Springfield roller derby team ? 
Oh weekend ... I've missed you all week ! I'm so glad you're back ! 
I normally don't care about the GII < PROPFEMALE > Fritchie Handicap - but I do today ! My ( figurative ) money's on the #4 - R < PROPFEMALE > Graybull . Go < PROPFEMALE > go ! 
At the Rock and Worship Roadshow concert . This place is packed ! 
I wonder how long it'll take for my hearing to return to normal . MercyMe sang all my favorite songs though so it was worth it . 
Ugh ... two hours on and my ears are STILL ringing . Still think it was worth it though . For the record , MercyMe sounds just as good in real life as they do on their CDs , which is something that can't be said for a lot of performers today . Now , to bed , so I can wake up really early and get the Puddlejumper in for an alignment ... yay ... 
I haven't been on Facebook all week . Probably won't be back till Monday . And truth be told , I haven't really missed it ... 
Back online after a week . Don't know how I'm going to catch up on my reader feed ... 
I seem to vaguely recall from \Star Trek\ " that Bajor has 26 hour days . Can I move there ? Because 24 hours just isn't enough . " 
Got the nasty comments from my last delivery because I innocently asked if they normally charged or paid when the medicine was delivered - sorry , < PROPMALE > , there's no box on the delivery form for \being paid for with your tax dollars . \ " How on earth am I supposed to know you're on Medicaid ? " 
Blegh - too much to do this weekend . Not enough time . What's new ? 
Today , I hemmed my curtain for my room , made < PROPFEMALE > ( my dog ) a bed , which Knievel ( the cat ) promptly decided he wanted to use , and made the chemise for my Renaissance costume . Pretty sure I tripled the amount of time I've spent using a sewing machine in my lifetime . 
So after I put all that effort into making < PROPFEMALE > a dog bed , who uses it the most ? By far , it's Knievel - the cat . I've barely seen him off of it since I finished it . Guess that idea didn't work out the way it was supposed to . 
I just got done reading a book about podiatry . The footnotes were incredible . 
I'm going to have to find something nice for my dad for Father's Day - I just changed my third flat in the last six months ! 
Got to listen to the end of the CofO game on the radio - awesome job guys ! Maybe we can do a repeat of 2006 ? 
Happy Pi Day to those who know what , exactly , pi is . I prefer pie , personally . Although you can use pi on your pie and then you can have your pi and eat it too ! 
Installing new stereo in car so I could listen to CDs - $40 . < PROPFEMALE > to clean CD player - $15 . Finding out it simply doesn't work - priceless . 
So apparently my love life ( or lack thereof ) is fodder for discussion among my youngest sister's friends ... I'm not sure how I feel about this ... 
I thought I was handling the grad school interview stress pretty well ... then I had a dream last night where the woman interviewing me broke down crying . I asked what was wrong and she told me I was one of the best candidates she'd ever seen , except in lab experience , and there I was one of the worst - and lab experience counted for 99% of whether or not I got in ! 
Oh dear ... I'm supposed to be meeting with the professor in charge of MTSU's graduate program tomorrow morning ... AND HE FORGOT TO MENTION WHAT TIME !!!! I've left a voicemail and sent an e-mail and am trying to fight back the rising tide of panic ... 
Oh my gosh ... just watched the Doctor Who Red Nose Day shorts . HILARIOUS ! 
Woohoo ! We've survived another winter ! 
Today , I took the dogs and < PROPFEMALE > out to the wildlife area , cleaned out my car , finished the new shelf for my windowsill , cut out < PROPFEMALE>'s ren fest shirt , finished my shirt , dewormed a cat , and went to church . Now I'm going to add \started catching up on ' The Office'\ " and \ " folded laundry\ " before I reach \ " went to bed . \"" 
Dwight : \Who's Justice Beaver ? \ " Jim : \ " He ... it's a crime fighting beaver . \"" 
I got some news I was expecting . I should be thrilled - so why do I feel kind of like I want to puke instead ? 
I understand that sometimes in life , you have to leap off a < PROPMALE > and trust that God will keep you from crashing down - I'm just trying to figure out which < PROPMALE > He wants me to jump from right now . 
I think it's lazy to do a mass thank you for birthday wishes , but since it took me five minutes to load Facebook I find myself forced to do it - so thank you to everyone who told me happy birthday ! It was a great day ! 
I got to enjoy the beautiful weather on horseback , and then go out for bowling and dinner with my awesome dad . Today was an excellent day . 
I'm glad spring's showed up , but I realized I forgot to take my allergy medication last night , and it really does help a LOT ... 
Dear TaxAct - you may think you're the winner in our four hour battle as I attempted to get my taxes done . But I know I don't owe $300 , and the fact that the amount changes depending on what W-2 I put in first , and that all three W-2s had positive returns on their own , did not escape my notice . I am not done , TaxAct ... you may have gotten this battle , but I WILL win the war ... 
