When you special order a part and are told that it will take 1 1/2 to 2 weeks . Do you < PROPFEMALE > call them back in a week ? This customer has called the shop about 6 times now , demanding his part now . I told you where told it would take a week & half to two weeks , he told me this is the first time he has called ( even thou he & his < PROPMALE > have called more then 5 times ) 

I'm off to go Elk hunting tomorrow , wish me luck or something . 
I'm back ! 
Comcast customer service suck ! 
My car is broke down , won't start . Someting in the ignition 
< PROPFEMALE>'s still sick , she says she get better . And the heater in the rental is broke again ! 
Thank's for all the Birthday wishes 
Spending some quality time with Sagan . 
My Brithday gift , a Macbook air . is awsome 
Home sick , today 
Looking at the < PROPFEMALE > coming up 
is going to bed , good night all 
It's snowing people !!!!!!! 
Listening to my call me a ass for giving him s pain meds 
Going to bed now 
Missing my grandson 
If it were easy they wouldn't call it \WORK \"" 
When's the last time you helped someone in need , that you didn't know ? 
When to the Doctor today and I have Shingles 
Why is it that most people , don't know the deference between being Stung & Bitten , Simple Mouth or Butt . 
Remember all thru school saying this every morning to start the day ..... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many ...... < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending anyone .... Let's go !!!!! 
Would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status . sharing how they met me . But i want you to lie ... that's right ! Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so i can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ... 
Good night all ! 
Husband and Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ... August 9th , 1985 
Got go see our new puppy at the vet hosp . and see if he going to make . 
Life with out pain , would be \ 
joy unappreciated 
