Hot < PROPMALE > is the best movie ever 

hates boredom and throwing up 
does too much texting 
just got back from bucking hay all day 
i had a pretty legit night 
its time to chill with some amigos 
the chapel softball team dominated 
has a kink in his neck 
needs something interesting to say 
slamball is awesome 
my dogs just ate two boxes of pop tarts 
1 . Weight training - wolden 2 . Geometry - Moyer 3 . Photography 1 - Hawk 4 . sports med 1 - Brennan 5 . English 12 - schroeder 6 . CWP - olsen 
is hittin the bowling ally tonight with some amigos 
I will always be a Stanwood Spartan ! 
we need AC in our house 
had an awesome night , im glad we have AC in the camper , or i would have been miserable . 
is laughing because every thing posted by his friends is about the heat 
why is church vollyball so intense ? it dosnt even matter what church you go to its always intense 
had a b e a utiful day 
summer breeze was the bomb ! my team won the vollyball championship and pretty much dominated everything , a week of tubing , wake boarding jet ski's and friends , it dosnt get much better than that 
Jr. High camp was the bomb ! 
cant sleep 
football was great , cant wait for some games 
football was great but my legs are gettin a little sore 
Spartan football baby !!! its gonna be a good year ! 
I wanna go back to summer breeze ! 
i miss my fro :( 
First day of senior year tomorrow !!!!! im almost done with high school !!! 
Senior power ! 
probably cant play play in the first game of the season because of possible concussion , isnt that just great 
ITS SENIOR TIME 
first Game time tomorow , i already have excited butterflies , im insanely excited 
well .... that was a complete waste of my time , have the coaches never heard of substitution ? obviously the guys out there were not gettin the job done . 
is going to a buddies house to watch UW stomp LSU ;) 
is ready for friday to be here 
thank you football angels , i would really enjoy a mountain dew if thats possible 
Raise your hand if you want the steelers to get destryoed tonight 
Game against Meadowdale today , we are ready for a W 
another loss 35-14 , i have nothing to say about it 
Well , at least UW got a win this year , its looking like a good year 
havnt been this bored in a long time , im so bored i cant even sleep 
YEAH !! kickin off the NFL season !! im gonna win some fantasy football championships no problem 
seahawks are looking ok 
Game Against Lake Stevens , gonna be a good one 
i cannot believe that jusy happened , that game was the biggest hearbreaker 
UW is hanging in with USC , looking good 
it was crazy hot today 
game against MP today , we really need this win 
We play < PROPMALE > tomorow , this is one is pretty winable ( sp ? ) 
anyone else have an extreme case of senioritus ? 
Football is over in a week , then i have to get a job so i will have enough money to move out when i turn 18 (; 
I had to bring back the fro pic , i miss it but it will be back 
haha its good to find out that texing in awkward situations is a common thing , haha im glad im not the only one that does it . 
bored beyond belief 
My man < PROPFIRST > Rankin is tearing it up in the seahawk games 
wow the seahawks are really great at screwing things up , thanks hasselback and O-line 
I have no idea what I want for christmas , I need some suggestions ! 
I'm enjoying the money , the big house , the cars ; what ghetto kid wouldn't ? - O.J. Simpson 
Happy Turkey day Facebook !! 
Its agood day to be a UW fan 
Dawgs , you have let me down :( 
I hate you microsoft , way to get my hopes up and then crush ' em 
im gonna laugh if the steelers lose to the browns 
LOL steelers lost to that raiders and the browns 
senior assassin has begun ... 
SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111111111111111111 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111 
COME BACK SNOW !! you always come and get my hopes up and then you leave again :( 
never underestimate the power of preyer :) 
Just got legit info on alot of people playing senior assassin , if you want to buy some info let me know ;) 
just got Xbox live my gamertag is M0LECULE send me a friend request 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Henery 
is volunteering at the lights of christmas for five hours tonight 
today was intense , did some hunting for senior assassin and almost got eliminated , and had some quality bonding time ;) 
gotta figure my life out 
Anybody else like waking up at 1:30 pm ? 
Haha R.I.P Subway 
2010 , we had our ups and downs , its been real , peace 
\insert inspirational quote here \"" 
Well , Philly and cincy has dissapointed me , now lets see what baltimore and Arizona can do 
Ready for the weekend , NFL playoff games should be Great 
WHO DAT !!!! excited to see the saints whoop up on the colts tomorrow 
You know when you reach into your pocket and you find some cash , but then you get all sad cuz you realize its just your lunch money ? its kinda like that . 
CANT EVEN WAIT FOR GAME TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comment 
Is a fan of becoming a fan of things 
saw dear < PROPFIRST > today ... I cried 
I like to think of myself as a one man wolf pack , its just how I roll 
I should probably think about doin my senior project haha 
I hate < PROPFEMALE > ns who talk trash about < PROPFEMALE > ... LEAVE !!!! 
Why do people ride there bikes on the street when there is a sidewalk right next to them ? Im going to run over the next person I see doing that . 
My grandma has a blood clot in her lung , please keep her in your prayers 
I guess my grandma dosnt have a blood clot , it might be lung cancer , she is really gonna need all the prayer she can get 
I pretty much think im gonna do track 
Just heard like 7 or 8 gunshots pretty close to my house , This is the hood now 
Kind of want to see clash of the titans in 3D 
Good luck ballers , lets show the state how stanwood rolls . 
who went to the game ? how did it go ? 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Gump 
getting my truck fixed , super happy about that 
I'm tired of this crap , im getting out of my house and its gonna be soon 
I want to become a fan of people liking there own status 
going to the game today , lets go boys I woke up at 5 so I can support you , you better not lose 
the game today was LEGIT , I definatley had the best outfit there , going again tomorow , should be a good one . 
O my lanta 
Good Game boys , Way to make it this far 
If anyone has any pics of me in the cheer outfit can you send them to me please ? 
WOW , Why does < PROPMALE > Strong feel the need to post this stupid crap all over my wall , that really pisses me off 
New Hendrix Album is a work of < PROPMALE > . 
got too see < PROPFIRST > Otero today , His mom is a champ idk how she does it . Had some legit convos on the < PROPFIRST > ride home ;) . 
wow , real life out of high school is closing in fast . I cant even believe it 
4 more days untill my birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate my life , I am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
gotta present my senior project next wednesday , haha I guess that means i should probably start it 
about to work on my truck , trying get this babay fixed up 
The Green Zone is an extremely legit movie 
I will be 18 tomorow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YES !! ungrounded baby , hit me up , lets < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Im gettin a tat ! 
I need a prom date , any takers ???? 
U DUB goin to the next round !!! bring it on New Mexico !!! 
I got my truck fixed , so glad to have my baby back 
flipped a quad and severly bruised my elbow and got a concussion , but had an extremley fun day yesterday 
really wish it was < PROPFEMALE > out 
That game was unbearable , really hard to watch 
and spring break has officially started ... 
got a pick up Basketball game today , nothing like a little street ball 
Will Smith is thinking about a Men in Bliack 3 !!!!!!!, I hope he decides ti do it 
gettin my wisdome teeth pulled friday , yay 
You think you know whats up ... and the POW !!! right in the kisser . 
Fourth Shrek movie !!! im Super Excited May 21st 
I have played Extreme amounts of xbox lately , life is good 
I hope I dont have dry socket 
You cannot be anything you want to be , but you can be more of what you already are 
wow my mouth constantly hurts from getting my wisdom teethe pulled a week ago , I cant even sleep . 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > 
I cant even wait untill the NFL and college football season comes around , life is so boring in the offseason 
It was all a dream ... 
Im gonna sneek into the ice cream mans truck and replace his music with some Wu-Tang 
just bought a new game and now my xbox wont read discs , awesome 
The draft is in two days !!!! im like a little kid waiting for christmas !!!! 
We only humans girl we make mistakes , to make it up I do whatever it take I love you like a fat kid love cake 
Men In Black 3 in 3D next summer !!!! im so excited !! 
seahawks drafted Okung and < PROPFIRST > , I think it was a very successful draft 
all you losers have fun at prom 
If your too kool for skool and didnt go to prom , like my status 
Bears , Beats , Battlestar Galatica 
just another day in the hood 
hangin with the homies tonight 
< PROPFIRST > Favre super bowl 2010 MVP 
Can you say Halo Reach Beta ? Cant wait to play it 
Bomb threats are my favorite 
who all is going to the graduation party with the school ? 
hanging out down the street , The same old thing we did last week 
Fried chicken and watermelon anyone ? 
West Philadelphia born and raised ... 
Car wash for breast cancer , hooray for boobies . one of the better car wash signs i have seen 
Do people really think that < PROPFIRST > Montana wears shape ups ? 
Gave blood for the first time today , everyone told me I would feel sick and/or dizzy , I felt fine , I could fill those bags all day long 
text Cha Cha I might get your Question . 
These are the last 14 days of school I will ever have , thats whats up . 
based on my knowledge from working for cha cha , I have discovered that there are alot of dumb people out there . 
WHERE THE HECK DO I BUY PEACE TEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pokemon for gameboy will live forever . 
anybody been to folklife yet ? how is it ? 
already halfway through 2010 , absolutely amazing how fast time flies . 
Im pretty sure the army is calling my name 
got my two 12 inch kickers set up , sounds nice 
Life is good , lovin the summer time 
chillin in the car they spent all day waxin\ 
leanin to the side but you can't speed through\ 
Two < PROPMALE > an hour so everybody sees you\ 
there's an air of love and of happiness\ 
and this is the Fresh < PROPMALE>'s new defintion of summer madness\ 
\ 
Well said his roayl freshness 
I grew up on a farm and I was born with no rhythm , \ 
Dr. phil’s my unkle and I like to < PROPFEMALE > with him . \ 
I can’t dance , I wear kkhaki pants , \ 
My middle name’s < PROPMALE > , my grandma’s from < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
So maybe I’m wack , cuz ' my skin ain’t black , \ 
But you can’t talk smack cuz ' whity just struck back 
red < PROPFIRST > and cold stone with home boys last night . good stuff 
haha Ocho cinco and Owens possibly on the same team ? this season should be fun . 
Shaq to the Celtics , good stuff 
extremely unhappy the fair dosnt have the ring of fire 
can some one tell me who won the volleyball tourny at summer breeze ? 
really interested to see how ocho cinco does tonight 
Everyoody is leaving , this is kinda wierd . Me and my fellow losers will have fun in stanwood . 
The beach was fun but now im just sitting at home hot and bored . 
I hate you with a burning passion < PROPFIRST > favre 
different day , same stuff 
my boy Mikey V is starting QB for the Eagles , i knew he would bounce back . 
Children with special needs only want what we all want ... to be accepted . May I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your \ 
status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is \ 
in honor of all children - made in a unique way or who learn a little differently . 
CJ Spiller is tearing it up on kick returns 
< PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
The social network was a great movie , thanks < PROPFIRST > Zuckerburg your a boss 
wow seattle picked marshawn lynch and < PROPFIRST > Moss is a viking 
yeah baby , threw down 12 tacos at taco tuesday 
dear media , 
hey media , thanks for adding a bunch of uneeded hype to this heroin issue , i love it when all i hear is people talking about it , and nothing has even been accomplished 
thats right Marshawn is in beast mode 
Where's Linder 
Copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch inthe face . But we can raise awareness . 93% of people wont re-post this . They need a punch in the face . 
is handing out vials of insulin to obese kids this Halloween 
got an interview at best buy , thats whats up 
< PROPFIRST > Hart tearing it up , thats what i like to see 
Faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see . 
you know when that one thing happens that you never thought would happen and your like , wow did that really just happen ? 
come on mikey V , lets do this thing 
I like how < PROPFIRST > Farve does excellent the second i bench him from my fantasy team . 
went ice skating and got a boo boo on my elbow but it was fun , thanks wife ! 
I am officially a best buy employee 
wow < PROPMALE > is destroying KC 
glad i drafted < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on my fantasy teams 
I'm < PROPFIRST > Mathis , women want me , men want to be me , and animals want to learn how to talk so they can < PROPFEMALE > out with me 
20-28 on completions + 333 passing yards + 4 passing Td's + 80 rushing yards + 2 rushing Td's = HUGE MAN CRUSH 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . What's ... on my shirt now . 9 . Challenge you to post this :) 
best Buy is the coolest place to work 
If < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dosnt play against the niners because he was \suspected\ " of driving intoxicated im going to be a very unhappy man . " 
Bad fantasy week for me :( 
< PROPFIRST > vick needs to slide and quit taking hits 
< PROPFIRST > hobbs got smashed , i hope he is ok 
just so i can be like everbody else on facebook ... SNOW !!!! 
I cant express my love for SNL . 
Im pretty sure < PROPFIRST > Zuckerburg said facebook was cool beause there were no ads , now there are a rediculous amount of ads and its really annoying . Your ruining facebook < PROPFIRST > . 
who wants to join the military with me so we can take part in the Korean war II ? 
Does anyone remember the black guy that would come in and teach us professor B in elementary school ? I miss him 
anyone see the cortland Finnegan < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > fight ? that was fun 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ; copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
gotta love them dawgs 
well done boys , well done . < PROPFIRST > polk you were wonderful my friend . 
I love the movie shark tale , i forgot all about it 
do , dah , dippity 
It really makes me mad when I run out of cereal 
we live in a world where hostility kills tranquility and lessens the possibilty of one man to love another like one loves his brother . 
i just spilled a big box of nerds twice and a glass of milk all with in thirty seconds of each other and i cant find the broom . ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? 
im not too sure why everyone feels the the to hate on somebody , especially when they have no reason to hate . people need to just need to < PROPMALE > and relax . 
Facebookin at work on my new Droid , very satisfying 
gonna get a fat paycheck this pay period 
Does anyone have a fushigi ? i really wanna get one but i want to be sure they work 
< PROPFEMALE > willson is the best !!!!!!! 
Wow is anyone watching the dallas . Arizona game ? It's crazy 
I would very much like a . day off 
Well played branding , well played your really good at this game 
Super happy I have new years off ! 
Petco has some of the coolest looking water creatures I have ever seen 
Ha ha seahawks going to the super bowl with a losing record 
I am officially a part time employee at best buy , the manager just told me I can go home and I get paid till 7 , tasty 
Im determined to conquer boredom and its evil ways 
Money departs from a blind man quickly \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > linder 
Today sucks 
What's on YOUR mind Facebook ? 
THE SAINTS ARE GONNA GET A SEATOWN BEATDOWN TOMORROW !!! 
attention facebook , the spicy mcchicken from mcdonalds is a master peice , that is all . 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . 
It really bothers me when people wear out of date jerseys in public 
o baby this game is gettin good , < PROPFEMALE > in there hawks 
i <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
lets go hawks , we are losing momentum 
WHAT !!! MARSHAWN IS IN BEAST MODE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHO JUST SAW THAT !!!! HE BROKE SIX TACKLES !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , you rascal you 
Eagles D just isn't cutting the mustard 
sorry to see philly lose , happy to see seattle playing chicago 
Hospital food is my favorite ! 
That was a fun game to watch 
Being in Seattle really makes me wish I had a camera 
What is the deal ? Why is everyone so convinced its gonna snow like crazy ? 
The onion sports dome is already on of my favorite shows and it just started 
i was unaware that xbox controlers have legs 
I just love black people , I love everything about them 
Dang dawgs that would have been a good win 
Who loves orange soda ? 
Super stoked for the hawks game this weekend , I wish I didn't have to work so I could join the send off party 
I started cooking bacon , only to find we have no eggs , needless to say I'm not a happy camper 
Wow ok , maybe the hawks will score 21 unanswered and tie it up ? 
Tru is down for the count , time for thurmond to step up 
Ha ha hawks signed < PROPMALE > cable as assistant head coach , interesting 
its interesting how much can change in a day 
I missed American idol thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Does anybody else watch blue mountain state ? 
Can anyone say U DUB ? 
Tired 
zeds dead baby 
Kindles are super lame why would you not get a Nook ? 
ha ha why are there so many guys that are drama queens on facebook ? im kinda getting tired of all the dramatic posts 
come on jets get it together . 
ha ha did anyone see mendenhall hump rothlessberger when the kneed it ? 
I miss you fantasy football 
I'm never going to shave my beard ... ever 
I love you < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! <3 ~ Rebecca 
I love my momma :) 
i wish i lived in the shire 
Ha ha the NFC is dominating 
Let's go dawgs get it together 
The true soldier fights not because he hates what's in front of him , but because he loves what is behind him 
The beats by dre display in best buy is a black people magnet I love it 
Some people on American idol are just crazy , did anybody see the < PROPFIRST > brown wannabe ? 
Having a good day at work , I'm selling like a champ 
I love < PROPFEMALE > willson ! :) 
Congrats green bay I pretty much called your victory at the beginning of the season 
Valentines day is no good ! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending someone 
eggs and bacon is not just a meal for breakfast , but a suitable meal for all hours of the day 
I love how the last few bites of a crunch wrap supreme are so messy and delicious 
mistadobalina mista < PROPMALE > dobalina 
If < PROPFIRST > farley wasn't fat would he still be funny ? The world may never know 
Doing a little work and lunch with pops , not bad 
Even tho uw lost my boy MBA had a nice game 
<3 eggs and bacon <3 
that < PROPMALE > wizard is giving away free power rings !! 
im craving fruity pebbles right now 
I love it when my dogs fart and it scares them 
the fox sports article on cam < PROPMALE > being a legend in his own mind is the dumbest article i have read 
UW why must you lose like this ? 
is < PROPFIRST > Sheen a psyco ? \ 
[ x ] Yes\ 
[ ] No 
no eggs , sweet 
O MY LANTA IT FEELS SOOOOOOO GOOD TO BE BACK IN THE GYM !!!!!!!!! 
Magic < PROPMALE > posts way to much on Facebook 
I probably took more than anybody could survive . I was banging seven-gram rocks . Because that’s how I roll . 
farmville wont work on this computer , im not a happy camper , however dubstep is lifting my mood 
Just Saw a guy beating up a woman next to twin city foods , I wish I wasn't so skinny and weak 
< PROPMALE > Gump is the best movie ever , the acting , the music , the story , everything . my favorite movie of all time 
It's about time we get HD TV 
Ha Ha Tiki Barber filed papers to come out of retirement 
If the color green really was the cause of global warning then why must all the midgets lick the toes of the innocent indiginous tribes of guadilahara 
scruuuub 
Well done UW 
that miami < PROPFEMALE > game was a good one 
So some one needs to come in to best buy , find me and apply for a best buy credit 
< PROPFIRST > is looking good , I hope the dawgs can knock off AS 
Lockout sweet , we just got HD TV , there better be football next season or im gonna be pissed 
Fly , you fools . Gandalf your the man 
thansks for the birthday wishes everyone , i m just working from 230-900 on the this wonderful day 
Work is really boring and I'm really hot 
I spilled a whole medium mountain dew in my truck , fantastic 
My boy < PROPMALE > and UW gonna tear it up tonight 
today is gonna be < PROPFEMALE > boring , < PROPFEMALE > will make it better :) 
Wow < PROPFIRST > polk kicked off of the team , fantastic 
Ha ha the casino cracks me up 
These black nurses < PROPFEMALE > has are my favorite ! 
I had hot sauce made with ghost peppers and i almost died 
does anyone have an HDMI cable I can barrow ????? I just got crysis 2 and i need to experience it in HD !! please !! 
