And the next decade begins ! 

Way to start the new years with Beethoven's 9th ! Along with the conductor , Eckart Preu describing the meaning behind Beethoven's idea of the probable eventual unification of everyone ! 
In self-ascriptions we trust ... in God when with a favorable outcome , but with a need for scientific explanations ( harmless entity , logic ) when a dissatisfactory result occurs . For every individual , a humbled redirection of self-trusting increases those f 
It seems too coincidental that we're alive , in our personal bodies , on earth among this massive population of life ( humans , animals , sea dwellers , microbes , etc . ) , as though being coherent - self-aware to relative degrees per intellectual capacities - is 
Do you want me to go fucking trash your lights ! Fuck ! No , fuck , no ! And what the fuck is it with you ! What don't you fucking understand !? I'm going fucking kick your fucking ass ! 
Time to do what I do . 
Nothing better than problem solving pathologies ! 
Keeping it simple , interpersonally ... a must . 
Oh , man . Books , books , books . Mountain dew ! 
Bar time . 
I hate conforming to these fucking things . I deleted my myspace account because it was like a plague to me . My thoughts get very dark . How about this , I feel fucking great today ! Not like it matters . The only paradise I know of is complete absorption into studies , excogitations and compilations of everything ontogenically and presently known . Yeah ! For who gives a fuck . I can't wait for the next 4 years to pass . 
We're interdimensionally tethered to hyperspace , so what the fuck am I looking at when I gaze out the window ? Or at the mirror ? We're not the children of this universe , but are the result of what the universe intended . More so , we are representatives of this given existence , and are not detached from the concept . We're synonymous to it . There is nothing more important than learning everything about our existence . 
Let's all revel in our hardy personalities ! 
Time flies ! 
Man , fuckin writer's block . Sometimes it flows , others it doesn't . 
We haven't even a glimpse of what reality truly is . We're an originating set of recursive , self-referencing probabilities as kinetic concepts . Control is an illusion ; free will is revered by all , yet the relationship between cause and effect is the approximating balance of superficiality of space and time that we all perceive . As you move on with your daily lives , know that you are infinity and incomplete . 
I love the Valley Hospital !! I've got me some nephrolithiases from the visit :) 
Awesome ! Beethoven's 9th is now available at the Opera House for New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
No splenomegaly . Cool , cool . 
Prepare for the future , live in the now . 
Life is awesome !! Lol ! 
I love experimenting and gambling with stressors ! 
It's awesome existing !!! 
Work , work , work !!!! 
What has always intrigued me in Calculus is the relationship between zero and infinity . Sure , they're reciprocal to each other , but they share the same edge . 
You know , people have wished they could be at multiple places at once , but that is exactly what is already happening . Friends , family , people on the other side of the world are all working for the same purpose . I think we'll all understand what this means in the future , but it can be felt now when you're looking at another person . 
I remember watching the movie , There Will Be Blood , and I thought to myself that people preaching religion are the best motivational speakers . 
Always find the motivation to do what you want and need . Plan , and do . 
Dammit , those groups , quantum physics , theoretical physics and philosophy each had some mental midget creating frivolous arguments . I don't have time for that shit . 
Life is good ! 
New laptop is on its way . < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Do not fear nonconformity . 
Yes ! Done with my paper on psychological testing utilizing the MMPI . Once I get my new laptop - perhaps tomorrow - I'm going to starbucks to download that 600 < PROPFEMALE > file on surgical suturing :) Time to read something more productive and enlightening ! 
We can do anything we want as long as we stay organized and motivated . 
You can't save everyone . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s going to the hospital , possibly for birthing a new life !! We'll see ! 
A speculative mind is an asset to the analytic man . 
A concept I remember thinking of in the past : between times , for example , 1 and 2 seconds , there are an infinite array of finiteness - how are we passing over them ? I think the answer lies in the amount of energy that makes up everything that exists . Hehe , I like to think of it as , infinity minus 1 bits of convertible kinetic concepts possessing larger bits of energy through succession . 
It's like life is all about the attraction and expelling of one another . They both represent the crudest form of attraction , but with relative degrees per the amount each individual assumes is needed . 
Work , work ! 
Explicit promises leave no room for the unknown of the future ; give promissory outlines for direction and legitimacy enough that people require for trust . 
Anything studied , even something as minutely as one's day passing with mediocre thought is the same as independently realizing humankind's true potential . Spreading gossip to discussing present paradigms and intellectual pursuits is a key point to evolution , making every action equally important - the true survivor , meme , concept of our essence and remembrance . 
Awesome study time ! 
I love problem solving pathologies ! There's nothing better . 
I am so close to being done with UoP ; I can't fucking wait ! I certainly learned a lot from the schooling , but I am definitely ready to move on ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was enduring labor pains for a little while . I don't know how long exactly but a phone call was received about 40 minutes ago from < PROPFIRST > saying that my second niece is 8 pounds 11 ounces . Wa-bam ! A new life ! 
Well , got all me homework done . I'm in the mood for studying radiology as a deserved treat . I'm tired , but I'm drinking a shit-load of coffee , with hot chocolate mix ! 
Dad's off to have his congenital ventricular septal defect repaired . 
More work to do ! 
Heating in a 48 hour cooker of studying ! 
More , more , more !!! 
Haha ! I love not being serious :) But I also love contemplating the meaning behind everything , hehe . 
I am an integrated substrate ! What will I build next ? 
Fuckin dogs almost knocked over my shit . 
Shit . Okay . No mas . Done ..... 
Knowledge time ! 
Nasa's LCROSS post-impact news conference is coming on right now !! 
Need a little shut-ass . 
All that fun , and now it's time to complete my essay ! 
Adios for a while . 
Going to speed things up tonight ! 
Everything has a recurrence . Sometimes you have to view things totally different in order to recognize the next wave . 
I feel awesome ! My mood just increased a crapload ! Everything is perfect ! 
What would they see ? Unto us , as dynamic liberated entities with full reign . To us , they would seem to be behaviorally and interactively limited , which means a restricted will . That disparity is only held by programming , yet evolution underlies the unlimited . 
Awesome ! I get to do my project on Dahmer :) 
Alright ! Coffee and continuation ! 
I dreamt of some female last night that had adapted to space without any gear giving an artificial atmosphere . She only had regular clothes on , but I could see that she had an evolutionarily added specialized muscle layer within her integumentary system that was able to react readily to sudden changes in atmospheric conditions , with an associated mitochondrial facilitation of needed prolonging of energy . 
Everything is alive . I can say this asseveratively because of what comprises us , quintessentially - organs , molecules , atoms , quantum particles , etc . The behavior of molecules as they interact with others in a harmonious biological system suggests that life comes from dynamic dissimilarities evolving and adapting concurrently for a purposeful convergence of unanimity . 
Nights not done yet . 
I like it when people face their fears and always figure problems are surmountable . It's the only way to live . 
Our only direction is growth . 
This is really interesting - a child born with schizophrenia : http://www.oprah.com/article/oprahshow/20090828-tows-jani-schizophrenic/1 
The ending is only determined by you . My favorite quote : never give up , never surrender :) 
Our dreams define our selves . What I am cannot be described , yet what I am is compelled to broadcast a behavior superficially unaccepted . You and I will only know certain parts . I love this quote :) 
I'm glad to be looking forward to another 10 or so more years of education . I want to know as much as I can before I die . With the direction I'm going , I know I'll never be done with learning . I'm definitely done with literature and psychology ; now is the time for all the sciences and its applications . To me , everything learned is the study of the self . 
Learning one thing at a time , our pace increases as we add more upon our stack of wisdom . From this , genius comes with creativity , where learning one bit of new information may lead them to a substantial thought , without the need to learn the mundane intercalated pieces that commoners require . Everybody has this gift , being a potential that is simply switched on - we're all in this together ! 
Being vague is a coin of self-preservation . 
A very logical end that credibility inevitably mediates is the acceptance of deleting certain factions of one's past life ( as a means for learned experimentation ) . Change is a needed feature to growth . 
Damn , look at the snow ! 
Mmmmm , food ! 
I see the philosophical facet to my being as an advantage when rationalizing science :) 
Through dramatic changes , a person that has experienced relative trauma will manage to their own particular degree . Most have only experienced slight alterations in their lives , but of course exploit them as being substantial for their own personal reasons ; yet , being thrown into a situation that causes for a minimal reaction , they would succumb to the associated pressures . 
Study , study , study !! 
Oh , it's so much fun ! But , now I need a couple hours of sleep . 
Again , thank you . 
I think there is nothing more significant existentially to realize than that we are in fact the universe , a species that represents what the physical laws working together is implicitly aspiring for . What's next is everybody realizing this so that a proper prevalent unification can take place . I don't see that happening for a long time since it's something not to be impressed , but independently acquired . 
Happy New Year to everyone ! I hope this year brings a prosperous and successful accord to your natural reflection of all things in general :) 
Thank god for the internet and all the useful educational resources within . OWN has taken over the Discovery Health channel , and one less site of public promulgation of education has been superseded once again . 
Next ! 
Life is awesome ! No matter what happens , it's always good to keep in mind that life will always prevail , if not here , then elsewhere throughout our universe . I'm looking forward to the next 50 ( or 100 ? ) years ! 
A little break . Then work :) 
\To all my friends !!! \ " Haha ! I love that Barfly movie . " 
I am more and more convinced everyday ( with the exclusion of desirous thinking ) that life is more profound than what we're able to perceive now . I am objective about all of my existential theories , and will waver one or more , and others if substantially associated , if I find prove of their evidential illegitimacy . Thus far , I still hold onto my relativistically educated guess that once we die , we will be everything . 
Teamwork !! 
More , more , more ! 
Just watched that Pathology movie and I really liked it ! Except for the smoking crack . Good god , I'd never do that , lol ! 
Nice . I just got my H.A.L bag , just for my laptop :) I made sure this one would fit and last . 
Unto life and existence in general , I will always be in awe . 
She's a bit crazy , you say ? My kind of woman . Shows her true self . 
I got billions and billions ! 
Hoping that NASA's budget won't be reduced , but increased if lucky . We need to expand and network with everything extrasolar ! It's one of the main drives we have . To reach out to what is beyond . 
Pair bonding is mostly successful by defining appointed commonalities ; self-ascriptions beset intuitive distinctions . Love yourself . 
Studying . 
That's your misdirected animosity . What the hell did I do ? 
Have an appointment to deal with the hypergranulation . Tried silver nitrate to remedy the problem , and so we'll see how that worked upon evaluation today :) Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! He , along with the several doctors that I know , inspires me . 
I wonder what geosmin smelled like 100 million years ago . 
Amazing ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZkZNehJs7I&feature=related 
Casino time ! 
Fuel ! 
I think the best thing about being alive is knowing or believing what the true potential of us humans is ! 
One thing that placates me is knowing that the interpersonal influences I have on others is going to motivate an epigenetic alteration that at least in some way constructs a fundamental weigh of my existence . Haha ! We can only speak in hypotheticals as a species :) 
Study , study !! 
Yeahhhh , Saints ! I feel sorry for Manning , though . And that interception pissed me off . Although , I'd love to be in New Orleans right now , haha ! 
One more week ! 
A little time off ; watching Barfly with a couple of drinks in me , and a couple waiting . 
Woke up with uvulitis . What a strange sensation . 
We cannot dictate nature . Nature dictates our nature . 
Looking at someone , seeing how innocent , scared and insecure they are is hard to deal with . Most often , I choose to look at the strength in others , but during some other times , where other's are emotionally fragile because of some news , the empathetic part comes out and is not allowed to be absent . I know this will be less of a problem in the future , as science reveals more about our significance and purpose . 
Life being unscripted , is the only thing truly dynamic in this world of ours . Watching movies , playing games provides little entertainment to those that seek unfamiliarity . Having the courage to jump into the middle of interrelating animate beings is like rejecting the notion that we are not entitled free will . We are free to do what we want , and being around others is all the more than being a pattern . 
For individuality : What speaks for me ? How I feel ? What I am ? My behavioral proclivities that which are so obtrusive , am I supposed to embellish those superficialities ? A line of self-defense so preliminarily retrospectively aspired ... Life gives us so many options . 
Last assignment done soon !! 
Listening to people as they walk , their clothes ruffling is just as important as a vociferous commotion . To me , silence is the most undesirable of things . Maybe it's a natural need to be socially integrated . 
Moving on . 
Damn . Done . Now to look forward to the next step ! 
No matter what happens , we are all the same ... even by any humanistically founded quantifiable measurement . 
Food !!! 
Time to chill . C2h5oh , food and movies for tonight . Bueno :) 
Life can be so brutal ; it can be so gracious . All we can do is learn how to embrace the both . 
I'm in the process of quitting , but goddamn I wish I had some cigarrillos . Fucking ' a ' . Oooooohhhh , I love it ! 
Gonna drink the rest of the fifth and watch 2012 . I know that armageddon will never happen , but I -- just like all other human beings and animals -- am fascinated with a scenario with no immediately presentable options . Haha ! 
Might as well finish it . 
Am hungry . Going to fry up a 1000 pounds of steak . 
Life needs to be around life . 
That District 9 movie is awesome ! 
I've never thought about it , but thanks to Dr. Kaku making it apparent to us about how earthquakes having actual influences upon earth's axis and rotational speed , we're in a continual flux of those parameters . Right there is another example of remembrance . 
The light that indicates my web-cam is activated turns on and off without my doing ( the timing is different for each interval , too -- no pattern ) . The paranoid part of me feels that someone is checking up on me or something . I think I need some tape . 
Communication , socializing is one of the most important things in life . Without it , we wouldn't evolve . 
How we define ourselves is not from the location of our possessions , but who we become with respect to the needs that we specify . 
Everything has a degree of sentience . 
Doing good always feels good . I mean , I'm not the best at it , but I do try . 
Time to cool off !!! 
The analysis of others can only be so accurate from interactions that allow realism -- a perspective of openness . What do you know ? What don't you know ? What we don't should be a guild into the true aesthetics of our being . 
I have to reiterate this because it is so powerful and meaningful : We are the universe . There is no distinction . Once this concept is understood , realized , you'll be able to see how everything and everyone is connected . 
I would like to be cryogenically frozen for 300 years or so just to see what we as a species becomes in the future , technologically and intellectually , and perhaps psychosomatically . But , if I am unable to , I will not be disappointed . I will still be happy to know that we are on a path toward some state of excellence and of great insight . 
The categories that you judge me in are mirrors for the fears and worries that you have from others . Learn to look through them . 
Am sick . But life is still good :) 
There's nothing better , nothing more than what makes you smile when you help others . 
One facet to genuine interpersonal openness : A person is more revealing when they are ignorant to the potential consequences of their expressing themselves . 
I really hope CERN will be able to answer all those present unknowns for us . Just like what Jurgen Schukraft said ( paraphrastically ) , we're , what seems , on the verge of a scientific revolution , one that resembles what was just before Einstein's general relativity ; and hopefully CERN will be able to provide the inception to a revised perspective of the universe at the elementary and macroscopic level . 
Tired . Going to get some sleep . 
In order to understand another person , one needs to experience -- while surmounting fear -- all that life has to offer . 
As long as my future is intact , I'm invincible . 
Bad news for NASA . Obama is screwing it all up . He's just a beacon of hell . 
Going to relax my brain tonight ! At times , innovative thoughts come out more when not focusing on producing them . 
Happy Easter everybody ! Now it's time to study :) 
High likelihood that the wifi card in my laptop fried . Good thing I have full coverage on it . 
Study , study ! 
Recognizing the disparity between us at the conscious level and microscopic entities having the ability to singularly form sophisticated mechanisms facilitates a rationalization that life is not only of a biological system , but as minute as matter can go . I still believe everything is a form of life . 
Okay . Just a couple hours of sleep ! Have to force this . 
Pain is an honorable sacrifice , just as important to us as the endeavor for peace . 
I love life ! I love the hardships ; I love the challenges ; I love knowing that , I can never be done with my studies , and that we're all in this together ! 
Well , time for more studying !! Booyah !! 
Tea , < PROPMALE > grey , hot !! Now more studying ! 
I have to study harder . 
I wish the < PROPFEMALE > was further away so all life on this planet would have adapted to a longer daily cycle . 24 hours isn't enough . 
I feel so energized ! Life is awesome ! 
The elements that are in you are in me . The only dissimilarity is the difference in the combinations . 
Wow . < PROPFEMALE > . I don't know what the weather will be like in 8 hours , but if the power goes out or the dish loses its connection , I'll be doing the presentation over at the University of Phoenix buliding . No matter what , I'll be doing it ! 
Whatever I'm afraid of is my path in life . I would never give them up , otherwise I wouldn't know which way to go . 
Thinking in more basic terms , we're examining this world of ours from the perspective we were granted . This separation of entities is merely an illusion . 
It's snowing here . Wasn't able to connect to the internet until now , so it may be a problem later . 
I'll not stop experimenting on myself . The day I stop is the day I die . 
I always speak in ranges . Accounting for all things relevant , one can never assume anything definitively , but acquire a better intuition toward resolution -- which is offered from wisdom . 
Yup , I used to be a nutbar . But what do you think I am now ? 
Just watched that Enraged show . I still have some areas to improve . One thing is for sure , I'm a lot better than what I used to be like , lol . 
To all in the study group , I have a doctor's appointment on Thursday , so I won't be able to make it . 
The discovery health channel episode of child-onset schizophrenia was amazing . The thing that gave me hope was January's IQ score . To me , it means she is very open to understanding things . Amazing story . If I become a psychiatrist , this is the area I would love to work in . 
I'm tired . Going to catch up on some sleep . 
Got the bluescreen 3 times last night on this laptop . Will have to purchase wi-fi for my desktop , and contact < PROPFEMALE > about this problem . 1500 bucks for this bitch , but I have full coverage so I'm not really upset about it . Right now , though , I can't rely on this thing ; I don't know if and when the bluescreen will occur . 
Nope . Laptop fried . Damn good thing I decided to spend the extra money for the full coverage . Now < PROPFEMALE > is going to send someone over to fix it :) So I'll be offline for a bit . 
Damn , I'm thirsty . I wonder if that means I'm hypernatremic !!!! Or not :-| Regardless , I'm going to chug some awesome agua ! 
Dogs just destroyed my faceplate and remote for my car stereo . LOL 
Some people take politics a little too seriously . Government is just a working concept ; there is nothing flawless made by humans , so accept that you're not supporting something so perfectly designed as though it was written by god . 
I look forward to getting older . With age comes a more enlightened stance , something that my past only gave so limitedly . Being innovative at a younger age is with a rush of potentiality . The rush I embrace is < PROPFEMALE > with my overall understanding that I may disseminate in the future . 
I'm always delighted to hearing others ' educated opinions on things . I had a strong reminder today when socializing with family members that unity is something attained so easily ... but of course , will be a difficult matter when intercultural communication is impeded by unfamiliarity . An intermediary is appropriate for those potentially unstable exchanges . But this shows the prospect of universal peace , hehe :) 
Study time ! 
I couldn't imagine life without the benefits from studying . 
What happened to Dr. Abdullah Almusalam ? All of a sudden , his profile and his group were gone . That guy is awesome ! Helped me out quite a bit . I hope he's alright . 
Yes !!! A sequel to the game , Saw , will be released the same time Saw VII comes out ! And < PROPFIRST > Elwes is reprising his role , haha . Those will definitely be off-days for me ! 
I love solving problems :) 
Studying incurs confidence of competence -- resolves a sense of preparedness . 
I feel so energized !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This may be debatable , but I can see how the job of a doctor and a psychologist are comparable , given the amount of mystery and learned insight that allows a best guess for the respective professions ' diagnoses of particular cases . And I'm talking about prospected diagnoses of explicit accuracy . 
Sweet ! I have an appointment in about 3.5 hours from now . Dr. < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! I always leave those appointments feeling greatly inspired :) 
Was just looking at the stars and kept in my thoughts : since we exist , why can't they ? 
Support is one of the strongest , one of the best motivators and sources of reassurance . 
Creativity comes from guessing at the possibilities of the absurd , for later review . Memorize them all and use the ones that have increasing validity to their respective levels . 
Ooga booga . Going to take a break and watch Pandorum , then prepare for all the stuff I have to do today ! 
If I ever have a kid , I'm going to name him , Data ! haha 
Yeah !!! Going to the next round ! Go USA ! 
My perception of things is currently being distorted . Define life for me . I welcome it . 
I'm not done yet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just watched that Orphan movie . Wow , she was crazy !! Gone ! Mentally , just gone ! 
School tomorrow ! The library is my friend :) 
Wow , Ghana ! Nice shot ! 
The first points of time in the beginning of any relationship is always very fun :) It's like indexing memory and emotions . 
Sweet ! Car's fixed and is just as good as before :) That bastard better not break down again . 
Weekend is not over yet ! 
This < PROPFEMALE > Germanotta is doing something right . I mean , her songs are pushing around 48 million hits on youtube . Good god . I've put more psychosociological emphasis on her because of her popularity . The ultimate question is , why ? What's going on here ? 
Test time ! I'm ready !! 
Spain did it !! Congrats team ! 
I want to stay awake forever , but I can't . Goodnight all ! 
For your kid's first car , would you buy him/her a brand new , expensive car -- if you could afford it -- or would you buy them something cheap ? 
I love early morning drivers . Fast and crazy ( attitude ) is the only way to be on the road . 
Even when I'm 99% certain of one thing , I can never absolutely submit myself to that one direction . I will make decisions based on those < PROPFIRST > as a strong suggestion ( one can't go through life making no decisions ) , but I will always remember that it can still be wrong . It's all about the facts at hand , which is why I enjoy the present but look forward to the future . 
This episode made me look up the answer , especially since the intern was fired for his carelessness -- a big que mal . So , from researching it just now , it's Brugada syndrome , an arrythmogenic channelopathy . Noted and memorized ! \ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na5oecJbEW8 
My premise when studying : Memorize everything . Don't pick and choose ; learn it all ! 
To convince me , you have to die . 
Keep pushing . Push , push , push . Never fall . Keep the goal in sight . The only thing that can stop me is death . 
Another basic , yet interesting concept : We are the physical laws , thus when we die , we do not cease to exist , fundamentally , since the physical laws still exist . We're still here . What this means , I don't know yet . Still working on that . 
I still believe that everything is alive , since we're a combination of kinetic concepts -- etiological dynamicity . Appreciating ourselves as living creatures , in this respect , is the same as acknowledging every minute part of our essence as participating to the grand scheme of things . A quantum particle in your body is also a participant . 
Well , gotta go , see you all later ! 
Going to catch some shit . What it'll do to me I don't know . It's for the better good . 
I'm a barrier of negativity ! Watch out for my belligerence ! Can you guess what I have ingested ?! 
Let's chill !!! 
A lightning storm here . It's fun , while watching and listening , to think what our ancestors would have thought about when witnessing such events . 
Kind of stupid reading somebody disparaging doctor's callousness . That would be like flipping off your doctor right before s/he puts you under anesthesia for surgery -- dumb . If it was a patient of mine , I wouldn't treat him/her any differently ; I wouldn't voice my opinion , but here , oh yeah . What an ass . 
Gotta keep my anger in check . It happens . Aside from that , today's a great day :) 
On my way again . Adios for a bit ! 
Just remembered my dream . I was on some unstable platform that seemed to be a couple of thousands of feet in the air . I fell off , but managed to grab a mattress to land on . I noticed my speed accelerating -- could hear the sound of wind speeding up as well -- and braced for impact . I felt confident that there was a high < PROPMALE > of living . It was a rough landing , hehe , but I was okay . 
I love medicine !!! :) 
Today was a good day ! 
Well , hell , I gotta go back in again , hehe . The Spokane Valley < PROPMALE > must love me . Although , I do enjoy being there . Get to observe their controlled chaos :) See you all later ! 
Okay , school time ! Adios until later , all !! 
A cool thing : I'm allowed to sit in the A and P lectures :) It's Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s class , too :) Another great day ! 
The future will help us tie the relationship between the philosophical and the physical . To me , it is a relationship most definitely visible . Denying it is an illogical , irrational expression . We're crossing a world that requires a virtual description , one that delineates the reason why we need each other . 
Sometimes I just wish all the answers were given to me . But that would negate growth :( 
Cramming knowledge like a crazy man today ! Have an exam today , 3 tomorrow and 1 on Thursday , haha :) 
We won't know where to do go if we don't know the first steps . 
If it came to peace as something conceivable , possible , I would die for it . 
Have to keep this night going ! 
Brilliant quote from Guinan on < PROPFEMALE > Trek :\ 
\When a man is convinced he's going to die tomorrow 
When I'm socializing with a person , I memorize every microgesture , every displayed behavior and every word spoken ( and all possible contexts from the meanings -- a person's personality , acknowledged by you is built over time ) . Nothing can be ommitted . When doing this , understanding another person is a very easy task , but known to never be 100% accurate . 
I have to wait until fall quarter , so I'll be making up a study plan to fill up my time . Any suggestions ? In the meantime , I'll be improvising my studies until I organize a routine :) 
Final grades posted . Life is good :) 
Symptoms : Subjective . Signs : Objective . 
One day , we're all going to look at eachother and realize what we're staring at . 
Ahhh , student loans . Always good at keeping you on your toes . 
Awesome :) Appointment with Dr. < PROPFEMALE > in an hour :) 
Life is so friggin awesome !!! 
Our relativistic goal : continuation and efficiency . Why ? I don't know yet . \ 
I understand our present purpose -- we can only perform what we understand in the moment . But our future purpose ? I can't sleep until I figure out the next step to this riddle . 
Tomorrow is radiology day :) 
If aliens existed and knew of our presence ( knowing us would mean they've mastered interstellar travel ) , when they would look upon us , I believe they wouldn't judge us , but only understand our behaviors at our current evolutionary status . They would just nod and move on . 
For that correct answer , I needed that . Lately I've been worried because of the difficulties with the student loans . The next 2 weeks will determine my future . Stressful . 
Everything seems to have worked out well with the student loans , so life is good :) Moving on to the next set of obstacles ! 
Taking a hiatus from facebook for a while . Adios until later ! Best wishes to you all :) 
My study schedule amongst other things with the call for responsibility has been established , so facebook is now a probationarily limited activity :) 
I love that In Treatment show . It's a great reminder that looking deep inside people's minds will always be a passion , alongside medicine . 
Going to have a little fun tonight ! See you all later !! :) 
Too cracked out to sleep . Going to study and do a bunch of work . 
I hate it that sleep is necessary . 
The ' In Treatment ' episode , April : Week 6 , was amazing . What a brilliant perception . 
Wow . I love that show . That is one thing I will always find so appealing about psychology : is the ability to look deep inside others ' souls , where they're aware of you and them seeing things so clearly . 
That Drank 
Here's an intellectual thought : I love rain . \ 
Consequence : Arthritic response . \ 
Hah ! 
It's been ages since I've written a psychology paper . I have 3 exams this week , thus afterward I'm going to take a break from the basics and refresh my writing ability . Anybody have any ideas on possible topics ? 
Life is still intact :) Pushing , pushing , pushing !! 
I believe it is logical and evolutionarily humanely appropriate that controlling one's emotions is not just a given privilege , but a responsibility unto others . When I observe others ' losing self-control during social exchanges , I just wish that the occasion becomes a valuable learning tool for potential future interactions fundamentally similar . 
Acute abdomen . pain . ER 
Last night , they didn't find anything remarkable . They gave me phenergan and sent me home . This morning , I felt worst . Tender , bloated abdomen most likely precipitating emesis . Mom is going to be taking me in this time . God I hate missing school ... but I love being around doctors and nurses :) I don't know how long I'll be in , so I'll talk to you all later . 
Diagnosis : bowel obstruction . I'm being admitted . 
Getting an NG tube to decompress stomach and intestines . Then we'll go from there :) 
So , I had the NG tube removed yesterday , which was quick and relatively painless :) But now I have a decision to make that will fundamentally affect my plans . should I have surgery ( ileostomy revision ) now or later ? Later , as in either November 24th or December 13th . If I have surgery now , I would have to drop out of all my fall quarter classes . 
I may be getting discharged tomorrow , depending on how well my digestive tract handles a full liquid diet . I require that surgical procedure right away , so that takes priority . Thanks everybody for your input , as I looked at all your thoughts . I have no choice but to withdraw :( I will be continuing next quarter , and that's a fact . 
Thanks everybody :) I am now at home , feeling rejuvenated , but am out of school for the quarter . I did receive in the mail the MCAT Examkrackers preparation guide , so whilst this health issue is in the process of being remedied , I'll have several things to keep my mind occupied in a productive manner :) 
So , surgery ( ostomy revision ) this Monday at 10am PST -- 11-15-10 . A few more battle scars for my repertoire , then hopefully I can put this behind me and have studying in the forefront of my activities and thoughts once again :) 
A happy update :) Dr. Berg was successful with the laparascopic ostomy revision . She cleared scar tissue that which was surrounding distal portions of my intestines . I feel a whole heck of a lot better and don't fatigue over the littlest of activities , like what I was experiencing just prior to the procedure . I've been collaborating with my teachers and am keeping the ball rolling with my schooling :) Life is good ! 
Make no mistake , surmounting life challenges , either acute or chronic , yield personal evolution in profound terms of the existential self . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody ! Hopefully you all are able to enjoy it today :) 
< PROPFIRST > Nielsen will be missed . Going to watch the three Naked Gun movies soon -- he was such a funny man in his films , hehe . 
It's an awesome feeling when thinking about DNA structure now ! What an amazing discovery ! 
Sucks that Oprah is destroying the discovery health channel ! I love that channel ! Why can't she infect some place else with her vacuous meandering ? 
I'm hoping there will be a fourth season of the show , In Treatment . Doesn't seem like there will be from the implications of the last episode . That Sunil character was very intriguing ! And analyzing < PROPFIRST>'s psychology allowed me to reflect on my own , along with my present and potential future relationships . 
What overshadows my past depressive inclincations is the acknowledgement of our interconnectedness . We are linked ( with life and inanimate objects ) in such a way that there is no difference between the space we occupy and everything else . What's more beautiful than that ? 
Regardless of personal beliefs and cultural conditioning , we are all the same . Because of this , no matter the timing , I will most assuredly die happy . I am very happy that we are all alive . For my fellow humans , living beings , I have nothing but optimism and faith they will persevere . 
Coming to a realization , I share : What did you see before ? 
Errors are just as important as anything else ! 
If we in actuality knew the answer to the meaning of life , life would probably then be boring . 
Dermatillomania ! 
If because of that medical issue getting in the way of fall quarter , I become ineligible for completing my academic career , I will go insane . I will seriously lose it . We will find out within a month which way things roll . 
The best solution : flooding oneself with medical data . 
The best part of life is that we in absolute decision and control wield our future :) 
God , I love medicine !!! 
Oh , man , this weather ... my body is on fire ! 
What a gory dream ! LOL ! 
Time to go !!!! 
Just had a dream . I was asking the future : Is there anybody out there for me to die for ? 
Ehhh . Need at least a little sleep . So I'm going !! 
Time for practice of change !! 
I have to post this repeating thought : Poetry appeals to the imaginative aspect of our intrapsychic realm . 
For the ill-equpped confused , you're trying to find a line . Seek your own describing design . 
What is perfection ? Whatever it is , study it , learn from it -- simulate it . Perfection comes from it . \ 
This may be currently unreachable , but nothing goes against trying . 
I just noticed that , when I haven't taken my meds for a little while , the pulse of pain I feel is that of my heart rate . Kind of interesting :) 
I blew that Physics exam apart ! Blasted it ! 
Oh yeah , I noticed yesterday that < PROPFIRST > Rourke in the movie , Iron Man 2 , has nail clubbing . 
Life is awesome ! I see puzzles everywhere . And we are so inclined to never leave even one piece unanswered . What's ongoing will in all likelihood sometime in the future be solved . Every step we give to future generations is profound enough to simplify as a tool . There's a subjective ( constructive ) meaning of < PROPFEMALE > . 
It's been a while since I've had lucid dreams ; I had two last night . The second one was typical , having powers and flying . But the first one was awesome . I walked into a house where a party was being held . Not a drunken , dirty teenager party , but a more civilized type , with mature persons ... 
Oh yeah , I've always wondered what type of brain cancer < PROPFIRST > Kramer had . I was playing , Saw II , last night and came across a piece of information regarding patients of Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . All of his patients were terminal . And < PROPFIRST > Kramer's type was glioblastoma multiforme . I guess that's what the producers decided to pick . 
' Stagnance produces insanity ' . Well , that's what I get from it . 
Waiting for the next stage of a philosophical awakening . Requiring another sip of the water of life -- that being conceptual additions necessary for furthering insight . To summarize what I have yet : location and configuration . So what's next with this ?! 
No matter ones mood , never disseminate negativity . 
Wow ! Upgraded internet connection ; fast as hell !! 
Everything you view , try to improve . Always have ideas . 
As I walk in pain everyday , my inner-monologue repeats , \I can . And I will . \"" 
I wish sleep was not required . We only live once . 
Just watched the new < PROPFEMALE > episode . We humans are geniuses ! 
What a great feeling helping out others gives ! 
How extraordinary . School has been canceled today ( snow ) . Yet , the internet ( DSL ) is up and running , so studying is still on the agenda for today :) 
... to honor the human race . 
Study , study , study !!!!! 
Whenever complimented , feel no shame in repeatedly examining and assimilating the message -- just remember to move on from whence the moment feels right . Further , an inflated ego is from what is beyond the boundaries of those external observations ; stay cognizant of this . 
Still trying to prevent myself from hitting ' enter ' during responses . Multiple responses with one idea will remain until I adapt , haha . 
