boredd 

is rlly tan :) 
at home :) 
im happy , text it 
wanna < PROPFEMALE > let me no :) 
i might go cut my hair :P 
boredd text it 
3 months babe :) 
HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH LOL 
4 months :) 
im boreddd 
I PAPI ! ILY < PROPFEMALE > 
5 months tomorro :) 
reece is coming over <3 
bored .. text me 
gettin ready for bed 
ugh ! freakin surgery is posponed im sooo mad 
watching a stupid movie thinkin about goin to do something 
so im happy and thats all that matters and no one can take that from me 
went to the ER this morning at 4:30 oh what fun 
ambers coming over ! 
im sooo boredd 
leavin soon for concert .. later 
at the hospital .. grandpas not doin to good . their taking him off life support soon . 
oh today today today 
< PROPFEMALE > ur giving < PROPFEMALE > pop ups ! well i am to lol 
god picks good people to be his angels . at 11:14 this morning god chose my grandpa < PROPFIRST > waite . now his is pain free and lives up in heaven and watches over me and my family . god will keep him safe and happy in heaven . i love you grandpa always&forever .. 3/27/10 
well today was the funeral ... 
cant wait til spring break ! 
omg today is like the best day EVER ! 
i'll be your cryin shoulder , i'll be love suicide , i'll be better when im older , i'll be the greatest fan of your life ... 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . 
Really cold ;; no school for me tomorrow because i FINALLY have my surgery :D ///goin to bed . nite 
Woah baby ! 
Gunna try rlly hard to go to school tomorro . i'll be a lil loopy but i gotta go . 
Track meet tomorro . doc says im not allowed to participate :/ 
track meet today fun ! cant participate tho :/ 
I fell asleep in 8th hr today and fell asleep during 2nd hr yesterday ! those were the first times ive ever fell asleep in school .. dang medicine lol 
If your brave ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : loveable . 6 : clubhead . 7 : moody . 8 dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beatuiful . 17 : cute . 18 : Rude . 
Im not doing anthin but i no whos doughty doughty doughing !! XD 
i look to you for my light , my wisdom , my guidance , my life , my love , my everything <3 .. i need you forever&always 
i look to you for my light , my wisdom , my guidance , my life , my love , my everything ? .. i need you forever&always 
cant wait til school is finally over .. sucks that its only monday 
just found out kissing boosts up your matabolism and helps lose weight .. so keep kissing people ! hahah 
Just got back from my track meet 
Just sitting here lol . wishing the weekend wuld just start already ! 
School .. then my track meet then to go see my babe :) 
My babe left just now ... :( 
School tomorro .. fun fun as always 
Flag tryouts today ! Woot ! Woot ! Bring it on new people :) 
Just got home from tryouts . good job today ladies :) 
good job today ladies .. congrats to the new girls ! this years gunna be fun1 
I wont and will never take anthing back . and i will not apologize for something that i did not start 
well the boyfriend is sunburnt from us being at the quarry today , so im trying to help him not be in so much pain 
worked outside today ! woot ! haha no 
oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > u surprise me with stuff everyday lmao 
Sitting here cold now because my momma has the air on 
Exams tomorrow then my bestfriends purse party .. woot ! 
Bed .. exams .. bestfranns purse party then idk what else but good nite all :) 
Well schools out ! Tomorro i have to go play at the graduation . and my bro is graduating . then off to the boyfriends :) 
sleepy 
9 months today :) JRC <3 
just on here bored .. wanna go somewhere 
< PROPFEMALE > excited . the boyfriend and the best best best friend is coming over tomorro for the bros graduation party :) bonfire after hopefully 
Getting things ready for the party . i hope it wont rain 
Well somethings change , some people change , but i'll always be the same :) 
I think giving up on something just shows that you dont have the guts to do it 
gunna go get the boyfriend tomorro and then to a lil < PROPFEMALE > dig 
Leaving for texas tomorrow ! :) 
Finally home :) 
Happy for tomorrow :) 
Mann its tough .. stuff just hits you really hard and it just doesnt give you time to grasp it 
hanging with reece . gotta do my math homework too 
one year today ! 09.08.09 :) 
why must it be so cold in this house 
oh man , why cant everyone just be nice and get along for once ...... but i guess that doesnt happen when you have a high school life lol 
had a great weekend with the bf .. rach got her dress yay ! lol 
no homework :) .. shower , talk to the boyfriend then bed ... text me 
here at reeces house < PROPFIRST > and rach are playing halo lol 
bored . nothing to do today . text me :) 
you live and you learn but the best part is just having fun with the people you love and enjoy what you love doing and just live every moment to your fullest advantage 
i got the horseshoe today :) .. rain stinks , wish i didnt have school tomorro 
got outta school early today :) 
woot ! weekend here we come ! 
not sick anymore :) 
well today was a good day , until < PROPFEMALE > hit the band ceiling light with her pole and it fell down lol so fun seeing steirmans face 
doctors appointment at 11 .. get to see Reece tomorro :) JRC <3 
had a fun weekend :) JRC <3 
rlly tired .. worked today . cutting trees suck ! 
hopefully weekend will be good .. gunna go see the bestfriend if shes still in the hospital tomorro 
had a fun weekend :) . school tomorro then practice 
ugh ! super tired !!... gunna go take a shower 
thanksgiving tomorro . hope everyone has an awesome time ! :) 
going to watch the macys parade .. happy thanksgiving everyone :) 
boyfriend is over :) .. kinda tired lol 
well turns out im buying the boyfriends christmas gift tomorro lol 
\how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop ? \"...\" mm .. lets find out .. \"" 
im so excited for this weekend ! 
boyfriend is coming over :) 
oh man yesterday was sooo much pain ! haha ouch ! 
at reeces going to the kid rock concert tomorrow :) 
i got a promise ring from reece last night <3 .. its so pretty i love it !..... 3 more days til my birthday ! 
almost the 25th .... yay birthday ! 
thank you everyone for the happy birthday commemts :) 
with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
watching tv ... so glad its the weekend 
video games with < PROPFEMALE > then waiting for reece to get off work 
