i have one more thing to check when i get on the computer now . email , and facebook . yay ! ( not ) . who said that ?? *looks areound nervously * who's there ? *sneak attack from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > * AAAAHHHH !!! hello !! 

< PROPFIRST > , i hope you have an okay time down in city of hope . take a book and try to relax . i'll miss you till you're home . 
yay !! < PROPFIRST > , you're out of surgery !!! i hope you can see this before coming home . I MISS YOU AND CAN'T WAIT FOR YOU TO COME HOME . it's not the < PROPFIRST > e . it really isn't . try to relax < PROPFIRST > . read a book , watch a movie , play with your play doh ... just try to rel 
ah beautiful summer . it's finally warming up . who's ready for fireworks ? 
i am so glad i took health over the summer . there's no way i could handle 30 weeks of health . 4 is bad enough ... 
i just took my permit test and got 100% !!! i am psyched !!! 
i'm exhausted and i didn't do anything . bleh . i feel so bad and sleepy .... good night . 
listening to music and talking to friends .. doing nothing i should be doing but knowing it'll be done soon .. and ...? i don't know what else . XD i feel lost right now . how random . 
i is watching twilight right now !!! < PROPFIRST>'s idea , before you ask ( and i know someone will ) . pretty funny though . 
the dance was pretty cool . now i get to go to coalinga . i wanna sleep more !!!!!! T_T 
you know what ? i finally realized ... i just don't give a shit right now . take THAT . 
Aries is second only to Aquarius in independence , but the world will know most of his or her innermost secrets due to the unique Aries trait of opening the mouth and inserting the foot . now who here is an aries ? 
< PROPMALE > right . doc says i have a sm < PROPMALE > l concussion . and before you ask ( because someone will ) i hit my head on a shelf . and when i was 4 i hit my head on a shelf . only then , i got stiches instead of a concussion . 
alright . i have been told to inform people that < PROPFEMALE > is resting semi-comfortably at the hospital at the moment . 
JV soccer won , 2-0 . Varsity tied 0-0 and the ref called game before they could finish attacking the goal . it was probably illegal , wrong , and still quite funny . 
i just looked down my home < PROPFEMALE > , and i saw only about 3 or 4 actual posts that had what somebody actually said . almost everything is off of an app or something else like that . 
read through my home < PROPFEMALE > . 30 posts wereabout applications . 10 were either pictures or somebody actually talking . imagine , people talking on facebook . such a weird concept ... and i just spent like a half hour with my flair board . it's the only app i love going on . have a nice weekend everyone !! 
big puddles and a car .... oh the fun i can have ...!!!! 
yay me ! i get to ice my foot now !!! 
welcome to my life 2011 , and make it better than last year . 
white 
and he spends all his time on a girl who treats him horribly .... 
in a perfect world this could never happen in a p[erfect world you'd still be here and it makes no sense i could just pick up the pieces but to you this means nothing nothing at all . perfect world-simple plan . if you want an idea of how i feel , check my flair board . it's pretty damn accurate . 
oh fuckit . 
picture is from deviantart.com and isn't mine . 
lalalalalalalalalalalala !!!! so bored . gonna read something . then ignore most of my homework . yay ! 
stupid applebees manager not knowing because the other one either quit or got fired and didn't tell anyone . but i don't blame him . he's cool and tried to help . i blame the other guy . :) 
wow . i just realized that i barely type on here . funny . ah , well . i comment on other people and that is about it . i really don't want to do homework . maybe i'll actually get some of it done on the bus ride to < PROPFEMALE > ynez . doubt it . oh well . 
i really shouuld be doing research for a research paper . i'll do it on tomorrow . i love starting with one thought and ending with another . 
can someone give me the link to the choir site so i can download the songs for my iPod ? 
i wonder how many people will say hi . HI EVERYONE !!! * waits for first response . * 
i am almost ready for the trop to san fransisco tomorrow !!! what is the correct spelling of < PROPFIRST > ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
i miss chad ... and kenny .... and emilio ... and megan .... and taylor ... and all the chanticleer guys ... 
< PROPFEMALE > , i just saw your picture , and i think that < PROPFIRST > is amazing , and yes , that is his name ! i love you right now , that is amazing !!! 
i don't want to go to bed , that would be admitting that today is over , and that yesterday can't be reclaimed . i liked yesterday , te performance , the friends , the fun , the random looks on faces through closing elevator doors . i'm gonna miss a lot of people . good night . 
i miss my friends !!! except for < PROPFEMALE > and keylanna , cuz one of you stepped on my hands today !!! 
how would you complete the phrase \I don't need a hero ... \"?" 
\dancin ' da da da da da dancin ' da da da da da dancin ' dadadadada pu < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > puu < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST >\"" 
ah , the joy of different languages going through your head in song form .... there's swahili , latin , chinese ( or was it mandarin ? ) , gaelic , french , and the occasional < PROPFEMALE > bit of english . don't we just love a world where things never happen in our own language ? 
what i've learned : 1/ i is < PROPMALE > 2/ i is < PROPFEMALE > 3/ ( i knew this already ) i am native american indian !! northern cherokee !! 4/ pitchforks are a lot of fun to use 5/ pitchforks hurt your arms over the next couple of days after you put it down 6/ < PROPFEMALE > doesn't know i have her gameboy 7/ every time i check my email , there is over 40 new ones . ALWAYS . 8/ i is good at procrastinating at homework !!!! 
he's killed the dog . again . go sherlock holmes !!! best movie ever !!! 
why the hell did he have to come here ? to town ? why can't he stay in his own fucking town ? mildly freaking out here . if anyone has a gun i can borrow , there's someone i need to take care of ... jk . sorta . ugh ! 
now this is a california storm . i wished i lived closer to the ocean so i could see what the waves looked like right now . 
you know you're stuck when you can't go 10 minutes of anything without wondering what that really meant ... 
i want to move to the east coast . i'm tired of the west . any suggestions ? 
i just read the saddest story . it was great til the end . she died . i can't believe it . this story is the first i can remember that has made me cry . good night everyone . i can't believe i'm crying over something that never happened . * shakes head * talk to you all tomorrow . hopefully . good night ? 
i am not sure why , but i feel the need to apologize for cursing . sooooo ..... I'M SORRY . i feel better now ! ^_^ 
kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep ... i'm free in my exile ... and die in returning the birthright he stole .. i can walk on water i can fly i will keep on fighting till i die .... lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala ...... 
i am randomly jazzing out !! i'm scatting ! ^_^ <--- happy face !! 
i will never be afraid again , i will keep on fighting till the end . i can walk on water i can fly , i will keep on fighting till i die . 
i hate making deals with myself . they're the only ones i can't seem to break . =/ goodnight again , my guardian angel . ? 
i'm sick . =P 
Today I have one request from everybody When you leave your home today , put all of your problems and worries at the door When you return home later in the day , forget to pick them back up -Quentin Fielding 
i have given up on trying . you just can't sing very well when you're sick ! =) and it would take a lot of peoples hands to count the times i've tried these past few days !!! 
i don't think i can stop smilling now . 
i'm trying to convince my voice that i'm not sick . it's not working very well . whatever . see you guys at the blood wedding tonight ! 
i saw that the time was 5:55 . that made me realize why there are only 60 minutes in an hour . that way , the time could never be 6:66 , or the root of all evil ! 
alright . went to see a blood wedding . gotta admit , it wasn't as good as i expected it to be . but it was pretty spectacular . great job guys . 
had a nice lunch at MedStop . obviously i didn't read the menu very well . i got \Acute Bronchitis \"." 
It's like a rollercoaster that is manned by a magical donkey . You don't know where it's going , you know there will be highs and lows , but the only thing that you can to is have faith in the incredible ass that is in charge . - a random person . now isn't that just right ? 
? why me ? 
i'm bored . yo , gen , wanna send me those links now ? 
i miss my friends .... i want to be better ! 
i'm going back to school , i'm going back to school , i'm going back to school ! i'm not better , but i'm going back to school ! to do the friggin ' CST's . now that part sucks . 
so , driving home , we look up on a hill and see a black cat . then we look back across the street and see two black dogs behind a fence staring up a hill at an aforementioned black cat . it was great . 
my . chest . hurts . a . lot . i hate bronchitis . 
... lost wings .......... 
hmmm ..... vent vent vent vent vent vent vent VENT VENT VENT VENT STUPID PEOPLE i don't like that person .... grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew . typing to take out anger is nice . soon i'll try the homework approach . it won't work as well . sigh . 
i'm happier now . lalala ! 
i wish some guys would just take a hint . i mean really . they need to realize some things . 
i loved the trip . especially the busride . wow . so many things i never knew , and so many things i didn't need to know . thanks < PROPFIRST > . thanks < PROPFIRST > . thanks a whooooole bunch . 
while everyone else was at prom last night , i was laughing for like two hours . it was great . oh , i will mention it now : i am TOTALLY AWESOME !!! and i will be attending pigfarts . lol . aaah , so great ! 
i took an hour long bath . that was soooooo relaxing !!!!! 
i wish you were on . i'd have talked to you . 
alright . my bike is finally allwed to ridden . i have had it since the beginning of the school year , but today it has been tested . and it passed . i have the crash scars to prove it !!! 
i hurt myself . AND i left skidmarks . i feel so accomplished !!!! 
i am no longer answering the phone . and that's only because that would require moving my right arm to do so . owowowowowowowowowowowowwwww !!!! it hurts !!!! 
second thought , i'm getting off . too much pain . i'll see you guys at the concert . 7 o clock . see you there . 
my entire body is sore . especially my arms . 
? 
?? 
totally awesome , i'm fallin ' in love(with ... ) , is okay good ?, not alone , different as can be , a very potter musical ... * deep coice * \then i'll be the one who is totally awesome ! \ " i love this !!!!!!! " 
i want t o talk to my friends i haven't seen in a while . 
god knows even angels fall 
what's the point in being serious if you can't have fun doing it ? 
\school's out for summer school's out forever school's out for summer school's out forever ! \ " \ 
graduation . i'm sure i'll see you over the summer and we'll stay in touch my graduated friends . now i'm gonna go sleep and sleep and sleep until its noon tomorrow . because that's just how awesome i am . 
California girls\ 
We're undeniable\ 
Fine , fresh , fierce\ 
We got it on lock\ 
West coast represent\ 
Now put your hands up\ 
You could travel the world\ 
But nothing comes close\ 
to the < PROPFEMALE > coast\ 
Once you party with us\ 
You'll be falling in love 
the monopoly beast : < PROPFEMALE > cappelluti . 11 free parkings . and the last one had all of the money in it so she won the game . 
and i wonder if i ever cross your mind , for me it happens all the time 
\To try when there is LittLe hope is to risk faiLure . Not to try at all is to guarantee it . \"" 
how can you mend a broken heart ? how can you stop the rain from falling down ? how can you stop the sun from shining ? what makes the world go round ? how can you mend this broken man ? how can a loser ever win ? please help me mend my broken heart and let me live again ... 
good night . 
zodiac signs show a lot about people . i had fun looking up some of my friends signs . it was entertaining to say the least ! 
january brings snow . february shows love . March is amazing : it's black and white , day and night , ups and downs , laughs and songs . april brings rain for dancing . may brings color . june brings heat and freedom . july brings fireworks . august brings an end and a beginning . september brings focus . october finds costumes . november shows family . december shows us what's important . and my friends make all of this worthwhile ! 
well , fireworks last night were pretty amazing . thanks to brennan for putting , what , 5 picolo petes in a bottle and blowing it up ? that was pretty awesome . 
i got a three on my ap euro exam1 !! i am quite content with it . i also did the cliched ' paint a white fence ' thing this weekend . the fun part was when < PROPFIRST > painted briana . \ 
also , the netherlands should have won . that goal was a fluke . \ 
good day . 
other people can use the excuse that it was their evil twin who gone and done it . i can't . i AM the evil twin . 
going camping next week . will not have phone or internet access . and losing it now ! byes ! 
i think i bruised my < PROPFEMALE > . i can't remember hitting my < PROPFEMALE > to bruise it though . listening to older great music . < PROPFIRST > sinatra . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . the cool stuff . 
kinda bored . kinda of have plans . or at least things i want to do . i'm not sure how much will get done tho . :P 
i sentence you to sudden , instantaneous , and even immediate death !!! \ 
\ 
oh , there's nothing like overkill ! 
happy friday the 13th everyone . look out ! 
get the freak out of my house , get the freak out of my house , get the freak out of my house !!!! texxt me . i can't stand this . going to my room . plz don't react to strongly . i'll be fine . \ 
later . \ 
much later . 
yay !! my friends llike me they are talking to me , texting me on my phone , you're jealous cuz you're friends won't talk to you , haha . 
green day : 1 us history with chivens , 2 ap lit with finstuen , 3 trig with hardcastle , 4 choir with stoddy . \ 
white day : 1 tutorial with chivens , 2 physics with haworth , 3 video productions with hansen , 4 sports med with lamendola 
so , i'm watching nija warrior and i'm wondering : how does one become a professional free runner ? 
i love going to a car show , being driven around in my uncle's corvette , then talking to 4 adults who've had a few drinks . who knew a license could lead to such a funny story ? 
?????????????????????! KLFKERIQTKGEIGTKMESBISREI(YKS$O^(%IY&^%EKH 
bleh . 
< PROPFEMALE > . so math homework . it's all review . and i'm either really bad at math or didn't pay ANY attention in class yesterday , but i can't get 4 of the problems . 
voldemort . 
nobody can stay ? haha , so funny ! XD thanks vince . \ 
had so much fun at sports med at the game tonight . it was awesome . \ 
see you all on tuesday !!! 
so tired ..... must finish lit homework .... ugh ...... 
my hair turned really weird after the game today . but it was a really good game . 
she's seeing someone . jealous type . big bloke . you wouldn't want to cross him . 
i am magic . 
snake ! there's a snake in the gutter !!! i thought you outta know . 
happy < PROPFEMALE > night ! 
look at our < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my head is pounding . i hate being sick . 
well , i just got a giant shock . i made regional honor choir . i was sick at the audition , and still can't sing fully . this is surreal ... 
AP Lit people : what are the rules for the corrections and do i have to write the < PROPFEMALE > letter essay in a fixed amount oftime or can i just write it how i want to ? 
if anyone knows where to find good sheet music for the piano , please tell me . i've been trying for like three hours and have yet to find anything that looks good . any help is appreciated . 
i hope this makes you smile 
powder puff will be epic this year . beware , seniors . BEWARE !!!!!! 
they say a person who loves you never gives up on youand always comes back for you . i've seen that . a stalker does the same thing , keeps coming back . sadly , i've seen that one too . 
powderpuff ruled . thanks to coaches and great outfits and cheers male cheerleaders . it was awesome . 
best . week . ever . 
good morning people of the world . it is nearly the crack of noon and time to get on with our lives ! 
i hope this makes you smile . 
exactly how much fun am i allowed to have before i go to hell ? - anonymous 
you crushed my cheetos < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
RAIN 
i like the people who are online , but i don't like that none of them are in my physics class . 
okay , to anyone who knows * PHYSICS * : we know that F = ma which is force equaling mass times acceleration . but for F = Gm1*m2/r^2 , does F still equal force/net force or does it equal gravitational force ? 
like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I found out from looking atyour wall for 13 seconds . 2 . What color reminds me of you . 3 . My firstmemory with you . 4 . What animal you remind me of . 5 . A question I wantto ask you . 6 . Something I love about you . 7 . A nickname for you\ 
oh , and for the record , i might not do this tonight . just a warning ! ;) 
:) sweet dreams everyone . 
i love scaring people . not to friends : i just might scare some people tomorrow . BEWARE !!! 
i'm happy !!!! :) ^_^ 
1)Go to Google Maps 2 ) Click on Get Directions 3 ) Type in Japan as starting point 4 ) Type in < PROPFEMALE > as ending point 5 ) Go to number 43 on the directions 6 ) Laugh when it says jetski across the pacific ocean 
nice day . got very little done after school , but will have a more productive day tomorrow . and on friday . not so much on the weekend , that'll just be fun . :) 
my reality check bounced . a synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one . there's no F in way . 
ready to sing , anyone ? 
came home from honor choir . got scared half to death from a thunder that shook the windows . i had a lot of fun , but can't wait to sleep as long as i can . 
today was a great day . besides ap lit , of course . choir was amazing . thanks to < PROPFIRST > Marlen-Starr for showing up and hanging out in our choir class . it was fun seeing you again . 
* looks across the room * should i introduce myself ? ... nah . there's plenty of time left . i'll do it later . \ 
( the thoughts your homework would have if it could think ) 
can't stop listening to this song , and forever this song will remind me of you . ^^ 
good job last night to our templeton football team . oh , and if anyone can help me with trig form this chapter and the last , i would greatly appreciate it . text me . 
i don't want to have a trig test tomorrow !!! save me !!!! 
if you're not the one then why does my sould feel glad today ? if you're not the one then why does my hand fit yours this way ? if you are not mine then why does your heart return my call ? if you are not mine would i have the strength to stand at all ? \ 
\if you're not the one\ " - < PROPFIRST > bedingfield " 
i still don't wanna take that stupid retarded trig test . anyone want to help me cheat ? er , i mean , study ? 
great concert tonight you guys . it was pretty awesome . congratulations to the mixed choir on our rendition of baby it's cold outside . have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas and happy holidays everyone . 
:) when in doubt , smile ! 
i think i just slept for twelve hours ... it felt nice . and i take this time to say thank you to < PROPFIRST > at the < PROPMALE > Hardy store for being so helpful . it's been a good week . 
i don't think i'll ever finish this homework .... 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . A man is still looking at his thumb . Re-post if this made you smile ? 
i like my two trig pictures . don't you guys think they're ever so charming ? 
Maybe you've heard of that mythical place called the Court of Miracles hello you're there Where the lame can walk and the blind can see But the dead don't talk so you won't be around to reveal what you've found We have a method for spies and intruders rather like hornets protecting their hive here in the Court of Miracles where it's a miracle if you get out alive 
AP Lit final boosted my grade 1% . i end this semester with a 78% . \ 
Trig final cut my grade by 7% . i end this semester with 81% . \ 
crap . 
