had an absolutely great night . Takota Broc Thiem and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nichols throw the best parties ever !!!! And I brought in the year with my lovely < PROPFEMALE > Statler ! Good night , folks !! 

asks that everyone prays for < PROPFEMALE>'s very sick five month old kitten . 
has to say something before he explodes . We're adults , or at least grown up enough . We're tired of people sticking their nose in places they don't belong . If we want or need your help , we know how to get in touch with you . So stop be controlling . 
discovered that writing on the back of senior pictures is very depressing . 
is beginning the journey of ....... MRS GEORGI'S MONSTER PAPER !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 1 = done 
3 pages done . 
hates drama .... no loathes high school drama . Some people don't like being around certain people . That's how it is in the real world , so get over yourself and grow up ! 
is a dorm leader !!! 
' s car is broke . < PROPFIRST > died ... but she's getting fixed . Until then , more time with my beautiful girlfriend . :D 
Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude . It does not demand its own way . It is not irritable , and it keeps no record of being wronged . It does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out . Love NEVER gives up , NEVER loses faith , is always hopeful , and ENDURES THROUGH EVERY CIRCUMSTANCE . 
is taking an extended leave from his computer . If you really want to get a hold of him , try texting him ... 
Birthday party at Bluestem Lake Sunday night from 8:30 to whenever . Come if you want , and text me if you need directions . 
went a dumb trip to West < PROPMALE > . At 4am . With one cool kid , a kid he didn't know , and a tool . 
accomplished one huge task . Now , he is off to a slightly smaller one . 
Heaven's gates won't open up for me . With these broken wings I'm falling and all I see is you . These city walls ain't got no love for me . I'm on the ledge of the eighteenth story . Hurry , I ' m falling . I'm falling . 
Why , look you now , how unworthy a thing you make ofme ! You would play upon me ; you would seem to knowmy stops ; you would pluck out the heart of mymystery ; you would sound me from my lowest note tothe top of my compass : Call me whatinstrument you will , though you can fret me , yet youcannot play upon me . 
says if you really wanted to talk to him , you'd text him . And even then , his heart might not respond . 
pwned Mikey Lyric < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Herrera tonight . 
just ran to Hansen . In the pouring rain . To help a friend with four biology questions . It was epic ! 
feels so much better now than you're gone forever . And his hand is all messed up . Life lesson- College is rough . 
You thought I was angry but I was only disappointed ; you thought I hated you yet I just wanted you to care about me like I thought I cared about you . FYI- This isn't just one you ... 
hates it when people say they don't do things when they do . Like drinking . He doesn't support drinking but doesn't bash people for it either . Until YOU deny that YOU do it . 
is sitting in Sociology , where we went third grade mode and had a seating chart . LAME ! 
\Humility is not thinking less of yourself ; humility is thinking of yourself less . \"- < PROPFIRST > " 
lost his phone . If you find it , know where it is , or who took it , facebook him . 
says he got so caught up in protecting it , he forgot to live by what he'd learnt from it . 
isn't stupid . Maybe if his opinion mattered , he talk and come around more often . 
God talked to him today at Hour of Power ! Twice ! 
Dear Fifth Dentist , You use a bottle of < PROPFIRST > , don't you ? Sincerely , The Other Four Dentists 
is starting a fast from all food except fruits and vegetables until the 14th . Wish him luck because meat is so delicious .... 
To all the veterans and current servers , Thank you . I may not have always supported your leader but I have always supported the Leader of All and you !!! 
is reminding all of his wonderful amazing friends that he is preaching Sunday . At Radiant Springs Church in Crete . If you need directions , text or Facebook him . ( P.S. If you don't go , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will super cut you !!! LOL ROFL !!! ) 
2 < PROPFIRST > 4:3 . 
believes whole-heartedly that < PROPFIRST > was the spiritual Muhammad < PROPFIRST > of explaining my walk with God . 
Dear People , \ 
Need a relationship counselor ? I'm available . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
God 
Love is all we need . Not the Beatles song , but God's awesome , consuming love ! 
Truly , truly , ignorance is bliss . 1 Corinthians 13:11 -12 
ugh ... i try to get rid of the smell of my roommates \activities\ " and get in trouble for the smell of that ..... MLIA " 
That's when she said , \ 
I don't hate you boy\ 
I just want to save you while there's still something left to save\ 
That's when I told her , \ 
I love you girl\ 
But I'm not the answer for the questions you still have . ( H ) 
is at a crossroads . Where is the line between tolerance and love ? P.S. If you comment , don't hate . There's no room for hate here . Also , if you want someone to see your point of view , look at it from his/hers too . 
decided to conform ( TO GOD !!! ) and his friends . PM a number and i'll post something I think about you . 
13 : Wow nice number . Even though we usually argued , you're a cool cat . Work hard and you might get somewhere . LOL 
1010111 : Dude , i remember when we were little and tight . Those were the days . Pokemon still rules . 
3.14 : AWESOME !!! Don't let people pull you down because they're jealous . You've got a good heart . 
22 : Hiya . I haven't talked to you in forever . Don't fall in with that party crowd because you're better than them and that crowd . 
3 : Nice choice although you don't intimidate me . lol . I don't know what you're up to but I bet trouble is involved . 
829 : You're a great kid . Grow up strong because the world is a cold , cold place . But you'll always have a friend in me . 
53 : You're a good person who has really grown in the past year . God's got some great plans for you . 
818 : Wow , what happened to you ? I haven't heard from you for forever . 
13 : I always thought you were cool . No matter what you did or people said , you lived true to yourself . 
53.5 : You're a cool kid . It's funny how someone so small can be such a good leader . 
345 : I used to think you were a jerk . But I'm glad i found out different and met you . 
73 : I don't know you that well but I hope you don't get in too much trouble ... Lol . 
93456235698347592837 : To be honest , you were always the better one of us . I'll always be there for you and protect you from whoever attacks you . 
213 : You're a cool cat . I'm glad to have class with you even if you never talk in there . 
27 : Wow , you're a weird child ! But that's ok . read the last part of the really long number ... 
101 : You're a great kid . Don't let life get you down . Because it isn't worth coming into the muck . and you can't get much smaller . LOL 
666 : Geez , that's a number . You're a smart kid . So come to Doane because UNL sucks 
111 : Even though you're not the brightest kid or the nicest dude , you make people laugh . Don't lose that . 
4848 : Man , i don't know what to say . I hope you've cleaned up because you're better than that other stuff . 
1 : You are a big irk sometimes . But a huge friend . Seriously , college wouldn't be the same without you . You'll always have an ally in me . 
16 : Wow did you have talent . I don't know if you're using it now but I sure hope so . 
72 : I remember way back in the day when we were all friends . Good ole elementary . 
7 : You are the biggest irk ever . JK . I love you kid . Even though I hate to admit it , you're usually right . But as you should know , you don't to here the right answer all the time . :P 
4,200,000 : I don't know what to say . Honestly . Like we used to be brothers . And then you changed . And I changed . And I still want to be brothers , but we're so different that I don't know if it'll ever happen . Why did we fall apart ? Dang women . Dang influences . 
had an epiphany . No one defines my self worth . People try to impact how we look at ourselves . But I'll challenge that . I'm going to let God define me . 
Is done with four of his seven juries . On a side note , his hand is tired from writing 13 pages of essays for both of < PROPFIRST > Clanton's finals ... good thing he's a pretty sweet teacher . 
is sick . Which is a great time to be before vocal juries tomorrow . But as he was reading his news feed , he was cheered up . Some people never grow up and take responsibility for their actions . I'll admit that at one point I was one of you . But let's face facts ; I wanted something more and you won't work for anything . 
had a blast tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Pahre !!! Great experience . Next too ? I think so . 
just found out that , in a Gallup poll of most respected individuals , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is more respected than Churchill , Mandela , and Gandhi , to name a few . A win ? I think so ! 
won't always be there , so love yourself and others when I'm gone . 
TO THE CLOUD !!! 
won't have a working phone until Tuesday . Facebook or e-mail him if you need something . 
had a super great night last night . God is good . 
best phone conv ever : Oper- okay , what is your zip code ? Me- 68333 . Oper- Okay . So you live in New England in the town of C-R-E-T-E , Crete . Me- It's actually Nebraska but that's the right town .... 
officially has a reason to hate ipods : it took 30 minutes to sync ..... 
GUESS WHO HAS NO CLASS TODAY ??? ME !!!!! 
Is stuck in a ditch . It's pretty cool . No pun intended . 
\how did you know what my dad's name was ? \ " rj jensen " 
\or was it < PROPFIRST > that said ' Suck it!' ? \ " @ < PROPFIRST > Papstein " 
Courage is not simply one of the virtues , but the form of every virtue at the testing point . \ 
C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
accidentally dropped the soap ... Uh oh ! D: 
just got a tattoo , it's pretty ballin . 
\What's a motto ? \"- Simba\ 
\Why are we buying Nazi ice cream ? \"- Me . \ " Because it's good . \"- < PROPFEMALE > . \ " That's because they have all the Jews making it . \"- RJ " 
God- \I will love you for you . Not for you have done or what you will become . I will give you the love you never knew . \"" 
DAMN YOU GREEK PEOPLE WAKING ME UP EARLY WITH YOUR SCREAMING AND WHATNOT !!! 
Dear Greeks , \ 
This is your last warning . Get pledgers during normal 8a . m . -11 p.m. hours . If you have a problem with this , you can tell security about it . And last note : BREAK MY QUIET HOURS AGAIN AND I'LL BREAK YOUR FACE ! \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Sarcastic and Non-affiliated 
Rugby was great tonight ! Congrats to Doane Rugby and to < PROPMALE > . Just wait < PROPMALE > ; we'll win in the tourney !!! 
feels like more people should get their facts straight before spouting off . He realizes that he does the same thing often times but knows that a good way to put something into practice is to say it out loud . 
\Say what you mean and do what you like because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . \"" 
\A man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do . \ 
\I'm out of the closet now . No going back . \"- < PROPFIRST > Papstein " 
Corbin Urick : I like wood . 
just beat Portal . Time for Portal 2 ! 
Book ? Booook ? Where are you book ? Just come book .... 
For I am His and He is mine\ 
Bought with the precious blood of Christ ! 
So out of pure need , does anyone who has voice jury on wednesday after 1 pm want to give me there slot ? My accompianist won ' be there until then ... Message me ? 
loves how everyone complained when it was cold for it to be hot and now that it's hot , people complain and want it to be cold . 
Way to go out with a bang , Smith Hall ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Potter is the best sister ever ! I love her soooo much . <3 
My beautiful , gorgeous , magnificent girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > Statler is the most amazing girl in the world and is so much stronger than me and I will do anything for her cause I love her ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was booking a flight to Maine . She started to smell something burning and noticed that the smoke was actually coming from the computer ! As she dialed 911 on the cell phone , she swung open the front door . An ostrich was sitting on her front porch . Startled , it violently pecked at < PROPFEMALE > in both of her eyes until she couldn't see . 295 people have gotten aids by not sending it to 30 people . You have 1 minute . 
< PROPFIRST > really needs to learn how to log out . :D Upside , he has the best sister EVER , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Potter ! 
So the US will default in a week ... 2012 my butt , more like 8-2-2011 . HAHAHA 
got texting back today so if you have tried unsuccessfully to text me , you can now . 
116 crew , kj52 , as i lay dying , red , skillet , and p.o.d. All in one day ? Only Jesus coming back could be better than this ! 
Is no longer a kid . NEW ADULT RIGHT HERE !!! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . They were much appreciated . 
It's a spectacular show because my heart pumps diesel ! 
So my week old laptop crashed today while I was playing a game on High Performance , thus draining my battery fast . While on the phone with tech support , i noticed that my charger wasn't plugged into the power strip all the way ... My computer works fine now . MLIA 
Wolf Blitzer : Congressman < PROPFIRST > , do you think a man should die then if he is in a coma and has no insurance ? \ 
Five people in the crowd : YEAH !!! 
Come to watch the Doane Rugby team play against USD Saturday night at 6pm ! 
Apparently , yelling profanities is not covered by the First Amendment in a private college . Good thing I don't pay to go here ... 
has the kindest sister of all time , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Potter . 
Doctor's visit : $25 co-pay . 12-16 200mg of Ibuprofen for 2 weeks : $ 6:49 . Only having a sprained MCL and ACL with a 75% recovery in 2 weeks : Priceless ! 
L'Shana < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mills ' utilitarianism . Comments/ agreement/ disagreement ? 
One year ago today , I started a relationship with one of the beautiful girls in my life . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
