All dressed up in a nice suit 

Stuck in houstion till 10 ... great 
In a relationship :) 
Is single ... 
At the court house ... 
Got everything dismissed execpt the curfew violation 
ITS MY BIRTHDAY !!!! 
gettin up earliy to go to camp ... 
Only one here wearing a wife beater 
Fuckkkkkkk my flight was fuckin cancelled 
Plane delayed ... of course 
im home :) 
Back from road trip 
On my way to galvastion to rave 
The rave got fucking moved by the cops so now back to houstion 
Life isn't fair , that doesn't mean you can't win 
Be more afraid of an army of sheep led by a wolf , than an army of wolves led by a sheep 
B lunch 
Bored as fuck .. 
< PROPFEMALE > I can take someone to canada during christmas break , 2 requirements tho , passport and can pay for some of it . Any takers ? 
I'm off to bww 
I need the Fubar ... and Excalibur ... 
Had a good night 
Ren fest camping 
Fuck phone facebook clicking unwanted shit 
Yea . Go go renfesr 4:58 in the morning 
What happened last night 
Got to stay home \sick \"" 
Got to miss school again today Cuz I was \sick \"" 
Im a gangsta , gangsta , g n g f t ... yeaaaa 
Lol good job on just avoiding the problem and not actually solving it , if you actually have the guts to try and solve it re-add me you pussy 
So-far i apologize for nothing . Expecially when people are sayin shit just because things didnt go there way . 
Remember , Remember the 5th of November 
I had a good weekend , its funny how a sequince of event can either make or fuck up a weekend 
how the fuck did i end up in my bed with marks on my wrists ? \ 
... o and my phone is broken .... 
Hdubbz is on the prowl 
Im stuck in washingtion d . c .... 
Lol I just saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > checking out of the same hotel as me ... that must of ment she was there when I was 
Holy shit Finally home 
What Gabe said 
what < PROPFIRST > said 
Im gonna go out tonight and get fucked up , get fucked and stay away from the police 
This is my feeling toward everything in life ... f 
Lol got to go home < PROPFEMALE > from school today faking sick is awsome lol 
Might actually be getting sick ... Fuck you < PROPFEMALE > 
School is so fucking boring 
Friedman is really gay 
Yawn ... science 
Saint < PROPMALE > is the patron saint of hookers 
Fuck my car is frozen 
Ooooo , o wait that's not a hot bitch , its you 
Dude dubsetp is my favorite artist 
< PROPFEMALE > is dandy but liquor is quicker 
Bleh 
Haven't slept yet .... txt me 
Mornings suck 
I have sucessfully spent my whole day waching Spaticus ... 
