i hate it when free days go fast 

< PROPMALE > and Jerry ...... It just never gets old no matter how many times i see each episode 
Staring at my big new TV but cant decide what to watch .... I hate it when this happens 
Bed ... and if my dog wakes me up at 5 in the mornin again im gonna go out in the cold in my PJs and jack-slap him 
I didn't say ANYTHING about hitting him with a car so yeah we can still say things about you 
on my lunch break gotta go back such a drag ... 
Yay ive got a day off tomorrow so i can sit around and stare at the deserted space where my xbox once was ..... i wish it would hurry up and get back from repair 
i let my neices watch my < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > dvd ; i fear i've done a bad thing 
Just finished watching The Dark Knight ; starting Spiderman 3 ; probably watch Iron Man or Incredible Hulk next ...... Im just in a superhero mood i guess 
a day off just isn't worth it without anything to do 
yay my day off is almost over and i get to go back to work tomorrow !!!..... i hope everyone notices the sarcasm there and oh yes im miserable 
I need something to do i'm bored out of my mind 
Watching Law Abiding Citizen ...... This movie is awesome I think everyone should see it ..... unless you have a weak stomach 
finished that freakin awesome movie and now i'm playin my DSi because my Xbox is still absent :( 
just woke up thinkin about what i'm gonna do today because i only gotta work 5 hr's 
people just called and said they couldn't repair my xbox :( ....... so instead they're sending me a brand new one :) woohoo !! 
yay 2 days off !! ; now i just need a reason to have a day off :( 
finally gettin to play halo on my new tv and it is freakin awesome ! :) 
saw a War Machine action figure at walmart and im totally buying it when i get off work tonight 
got my new xbox in :) i dont know if its just me but it looks like a tank compared to others ..... i love warranties so much free stuff !! i got a free 120GB harddrive ; free wireless controller ; free set of wires ; free Lego Batman and free Pure :-) 
why is it when i push into the corner of my eye i hear 3 clicks in the back of my head ? 
is picking on random computerised individuals in GTA4 
The Ballad of Gay < PROPFIRST > now the best Grand Theft Auto game ever in my book .... and it was just DLC 
just got home ............. probably going to bed soon 
knows he's gonna get rained on at work today :-( 
made it to lunch without being rained on only 2 more hrs to go .......... it's still cold as crap though 
i didnt get rained on !? Im surprised ! 
new profile pic , i think its awesome , it took me forever to get the hole shaped right then getting my face in the right position ...... me as War Machine !!! 
ive felt like crap all day ...... I even missed a day of work for the first time 
is really starting to get tired of rain , especially cold rain ! 
the cold rain needs to go away ; the weatherman said it was gonna dry and warm up today , it's still cold and the rain makes it worse ; weatherman needs a beaten ! 
hopes the sun shines and it warms up tomorrow and stays that way ; had to work in cold rain all day , NOT FUN :-( 
finally warmed up and when i go back to work i'll be wearing shorts , a T-shirt , and netted shoes :-) 
Hail + Outside Job = sucky day !!! 
going to bed with acid on my arm over an open wound yay ....... yeah it burns !!!! 
why do i feel like today is gonna be a long day ? 
sun finally came out maybe it'll warm up for the rest of the day 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear Creator , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 93% won't copy and paste this . I did but will you ? 
yep i was right it was a long day but now it's over (: 
needs something to do i'm bored outta my mind 
needs something to do .................................. 
\No one can destroy The Metal . The Metal will strike you down with a vicious blow . We are the vanquished foes of The Metal . We tryed to win for why we do not know . \"" 
i can drink dr. pepper like water so i'm always surprised when i pick the can up and it's empty ): 
Ed\zappity zap zap Double D haha !! \ " DoubleD \ " Ed wait ! No ! \ " * BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM !!!!!! * .............. those were the days (: " 
I HATE MONDAYS !!!!!! 
why must a cold wind always ruin an otherwise pleasant weathered day ? 
starting Sherlock Holmes :) 
wonders why the crap is it cold again !? 
don't have to work until tomorrow afternoon but i ; m bettin i still wake up at 6:30 in the morning 
just finished working 7 days straight ; now for 2 days off with probably nothing to do :( 
got some stupid message about \your behavior looks shocking to me\ " and now apparently it's using my profile to send it to other people ; so now i'm getting messages from random people who think it's me and i'm gettin pretty mad about it " 
feels like shooting hapless aliens :) 
kicked some alien butt , now i don't know what to do ....... 
is really not liking this cold/hot/comfy/humid/cold/hot weather ; it needs to pick one and stay with it 
i think walmart should flood 
woohoo !! Halo : Reach multiplayer beta today !!! 
downloading the beta ..... 11% in about 10 minutes this may take a while but im excited 
the wind is like one of those sour patch kids ; first it's sour(as in cold as hell in the winter ) then its cool and sweet(summer ) and then it stabs u in the back !! (colder than hell ; winter again ) . 
ordered pizza ; ate pizza ; maxed out my rank on the Halo : Reach beta ....... it's been a productive day i guess 
it's friggin May daggumit why is it friggin cold yet again !? :( 
ok ..... it's hot ..... um ..... it sucks 
got a new phone :) 
facebook arguements are so fun XD 
got to shoot an MP5 , M4 , 22 Revolver , and an AK-47 today .... the AK had a 75 round drum and i shot the crap out of an old microwave with it :) 
yay 10 hour shift today woohoo !!!....... yeah no im tired as crap and im surprised i can still type this day sucked and to make it worse i know ill be cheated out of my extra hours somehow > ( 
yay extra hours and as an added bonus i get to get drenched ! maybe i'll get struck by lightning next , or maybe a tornado will drop down on me and then go right back up !! great day ! 
ok i get back to work after my lunch break and i changed out of my wet clothes into dry , i'm walking outside and this old man has his car next to the door loading stuff so he won't get as wet . well i decide to wait there and get his kart when he's done so he can get out of the rain quicker . when he gives me his kart the old senile douchebag has the nerve to say \get out in this rain and work it ain't gonna kill you \"" 
wants a milkshake ..... :( ... 
a very very sad fact of living : \man has to make a living\ " which means sucky early mornings and constant aches and pains :( " 
wow i got on facebook and noone was on !? That never happens , are zombies attacking or something ? 
wish i didnt have to work in the mornin ...... a friend wants me to come party with him and he'll be gone for a year saturday but i gotta go to freakin work ...... life's a big pain in the a#$ ..... sorry for language but this makes me feel terrible ... :( 
anybody who wants to should come to the park and play frizbe with zach howell , SKIP , me , and others(not sure who alls already gonna be there)at 6:30 this afternoon 
stayed up till 5 in the mornin got up at around 9:30 bed will probably come early tonight 
going to see < PROPMALE > of Persia : The Sands of Time tonight hopefully i can stay awake long enough to make it through it 
< PROPMALE > of Persia was a really cool movie 
facebook on big TV with loud music ......... i like it !!! 
yay for facebook layouts ! 
< PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 3 will be freakin insane ! Confirmed characters :\ 
Capcom : < PROPFIRST > Redfield , Ryu , Morrigan , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Felicia\ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Wolverine , Iron Man , Hulk , Cpt . < PROPFEMALE > , Dr. Doom , Super Skrull , Deadpool\ 
and there are over thirty playable characters slated 
1 whole year for probably the best fighting game ever to come out .... i wish they wouldn't start showing that early it is too long a wait when u know about it ): 
Guess what i'm watchin ! I'll give you a hint , it has a silver dude on a surfboard and a sorry cloud that's supposed to pass for an iconic planet eater ..... 
From < PROPFIRST > With Love = awesome movie ! 
just purchased < PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 2 on XBOX Live Arcade .... I feel it's a good investment 
( Berserker Barrage X)+(Shinku-Hadou-Ken)+(Gambit's < PROPMALE > Flush) = sad day for the other guy 
YAY !!! REESE'S PIECES !!! 
thixin to watch gladiator ;) 
you can't beat walking around a asphalt parking lot with a cloudless sky and no beeze all day ! especially when the heat index is 108*F and rising ! oh and then getting your fingers smashed by a 600 lb swimming pool . Fun . fun . love my job .... 
take everything in my status earlier , i was by myself on a friday , got blisters on my palms , and then add the fact that my cat was dead for some reason when i got home and guess how miserable i am right now ..... i'm going to go see the A-Team tonight and if it sucks i'm gonna go from miserable to a completely new level of pissed off at my life 
day's goin by fast makes me happy but if it don't slow down after work i'll be sad 
just < PROPFEMALE > a Deadpool comic run and bought a $20 graphic novel ;) 
Spider-Man-\love all the pockets 
is downloading the Crackdown 2 demo 
my computer has gotten a virus and i am unable to do anything with it i'm kinda pissed but i just feel sorry for the P.O.S. 30-somethin nerd who lives in his mom's basement and makes these things 
well i spent $55 on Deadpool comics and purchased the entire < PROPFEMALE > Civil War event in one handy textbook thick hardcover comic ÿ 
I HAVE MY OWN HURRICANE !!!!!!! 
Ò_Ó ¤- - - -**€» take that alien menace Í_Ì 
off work for 2 days work friday then 2 more days off Ü 
i miss my laptop :( 
crackdown 2 came out today :] 
im having to use my xbox for facebook so i cant post it on ur wall but happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ó_Ò 
thinks Rango is gonna be epic ! 
.............................................................. 
i am very bored .......... 
The Expendables = FRIGGIN AWESOME , and it's now only 30 days till the most anticipated game ever is released [: 
Halo : Reach in 6 days 01 hr 43 < PROPFEMALE > 35 sec 
5 days 06 hrs 37 < PROPFEMALE > 03 secs 
is ready for tuesday ! 
just fixed my laptop so i can use the internet again finally :D 
about to watch the other guys then i dont know what im gonna do ........ 
i am extremely pissed and i don't know why ......... 
just shaved ALL of my facial hair off for the first time since january 2009 
I am EXTREMELY FRIGGIN HAPPY !!!!! That is all . 
