I hate packing !!! Tomorrow and wednesday in Atlanta , then a week in Fort Payne Alabama . 

Watching smallville right now , but fixing to go to bed . I have to get up at 5:00 to leave for Alabama at 6 . 
is going to see Transformers at midnight ! 
the Hallfords should be here any time now , about a hour ( give or take 30 mins . ) 
I just got a call from ms Hallford and she said they just passed Heart of Florida Hospital ! They finally made it ! 
is going to the airport to pick < PROPFIRST > up in a couple of hours . 
is getting ready to watch the penultimate episode of Dollhouse tonight ! Sad to see it end . :( 
Well ... thats another USB drive I've lost . 
just landed an interview at Disney next week ! Wish me luck ! 
Well , my brand new 27\ iMac came today when I was in class ... they sent it back because no one was at the house to sign for it :( Now I have to go to Lake Wales later today to pick it up . " 
It's 2:27 am , I have a project in my computer class due at 8 am and a math test at 12 , and I cant sleep ... 
I would express my feelings towards Lake Wales Veterinary Hospital , but I would have to use profanity , so I refrain . 
I just saw the movie TiMER , and it was amazing ! 
Xanthophobia : the fear of yellow things ... Just thought I'd through that out there . 
Why does ABC want to do a reboot of Alias ? This is clearly a bad idea for many reasons . No < PROPFEMALE > Garner + no Rambaldi = not Alias , thats for sure ! Plus the fact it has only been less than half a decade since it has been off the air . 
Church tomorrow , then off to Alabama for a week . Bye everyone in Florida ! 
I will never , EVER , stay in another hotel room with my mother EVER again . 
Ears poping , time changing . Must be in Alabam . 
Finally made it to the cabin ! I'm just glad to be off 75 . 
Well , the one place in Fort Payne I know with internet is currently having wifi problems ... fun 
If I see any more bugs , lizzards , or spiders in this place I'm gunna pull my hair out . Scorpians however , I'm coming home . 
Coming home tomorrow . Too bad I didn't get to see everyone I wanted to ... 
On the way home ! Just passed Atlanta . We are going to try to go all the way through and not stop ... we'll see how that goes . 
Hello Haines City ! 
Apparently , the time on my status updates have been a bit wonky , so disregard the timeline . 
Going to pick up < PROPMALE > Maiden and < PROPFEMALE > Maiden at the airport ... fun fun fun 
Red Lobster has taken my favorate thing off the menu ... :( 
We just arived at the hospital . 
The drugs they gave her are starting to kick in . lol 
Mom is just now leaving the hospital . Every thing went fine yesterday , but I'm sure she is ready to be home . 
At ORMC again . Thank goodness for Starbucks ! lol 
They finally took her in ... about time . Now we can get some lunch ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , Da , and I just went back to see her and the doctor said they woud start in about 10 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Okay , I just had a Red Bull so I'm a little jumpy ! 
The doctor said everything went great and she is now in recovery . We are just waiting for her to wake up . 
Mom is home now ( uncomfortably ) . But everything went well today . Lets hope everything stays well . 
Sitting in Catherines ....... yawn 
Wow , the textbook for my ' Communications & the Mass Media ' class has a whole thing on < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ! I think I love this class ! 
is sitting in a waiting room at Toyota so my mom's car can have an oil change . I think I'm going to be here a bit longer than I thought ... 
Uhh ... I don't thimk this movie will ever end ! 
Computers are like air conditioners , they stop working properly if you open Windows . 
The power is out at Polk ! 
Well ... PSC has power again . I guess I have to go to my night class . 
Bad day . Started bad , stayed that way . 
Ahhh ! I hate raido . 
I just got one of the last three spots in digital photography 2 ! 
At Best Buy & the line is out the door . 
They just pulled me over at McDonnald's with no one behind me . Very strange . 
I have some quick questions that I need answered for my Media class . Answers dont have to be long , just a few words . Thanks ! \ 
\ 
Girls\ 
Do print ads effect how you view your body ? \ 
How many women do you know that look like women in ads ? \ 
Have you ever seen any women who look like you in ads ? \ 
Guys\ 
What body type to you find attractive ? \ 
Do you find women in ads attractive ? \ 
Do women in ads look like women you know personally ? 
These people in St. < PROPMALE > sure love to use there horns . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I have only had my iPod touch for about 24 hours and I am already addicted to angry birds . 
Mom and I are about to land in < PROPFIRST > ! Hallfords , get ready ! 
New number : ( 863 ) 438-1474 
Whiskers is lying on top of the DVR yet again . Is this going to be a problem ? 
Guess who just got accepted to USF St. Petersburg ? 
Mom is back home after her final surgery , which went great by the way . She said that this is noting compared to the previous one . 
Beat part of the Superbowl ? Caption < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Memento vivere 
That’ll Put Marzipan In Your Pie Plate , Bingo ! 
Could any please explain the appeal of watching < PROPMALE > men whom you've never met put an orange ball through a net ? Thank you . 
Late ! 
