had my first guitar lesson today . This will be a lot of fun :) 

sliced my index finger open on my E string . Now I can't play an F chord :( 
did enjoy driving hope without pants . Especailly when < PROPFIRST > and I < PROPMALE > them out the window and shouted ... 
did enjoy driving home without pants . Especailly when < PROPFIRST > and I < PROPMALE > them out the window and shouted ... 
is hoping to spend the next 24 hours listeing to rock and roll . 
will do something wild and crazy for attention if people will comment :P 
is excited for my guitar lesson tomorrow 
Yay ! I got tickets to see ACDC in Des Moines ! 
is thinking Facebook is cool . Its like taking a morbid peep into other people's lives . Like a peeping < PROPMALE > that won't get busted if caught ... 
went walking in the moonlight . It is so bright and beautiful out tonight ! 
Yay ! Its my birthday ! 
Is bored with school and it hasn't even started yet ! 
is bored and tired of waiting for something weird to happen . Guess I'll have to make some weirdness of my own .... 
I can't wait for my 3 day weekend 
I'm just killing time before my next class . Oh ... so bored .... 
I just got a card with free smartees from a person from the tutoring center . Yay ! Smartees ! 
got an invite to Phi Theta Kappa- the honor society . sweet 
It's only the second week of school and I've already skipped 3 classes . Ugh , I'm already tired of it . 
feels like all the crap I'm required to learn is pointless , and that I would be better off someplace else , doing something else 
has a nasty cold . It sucks 
has to read long short story that keeps literally putting me to sleep each time I try to read it for a test on Friday . 
is going to join phi theta kappa . yay .... 
is having homemade vanilla ice cream with blueberries for dinner ! 
Thing of what I should paint for my honors project . I only have 3 days to decide ... the agony ! 
It smells like a permanent marker at this computer 
fell in the rain and is in pain right now , ow . 
enjoyed the blues concert at kirkwood this weekend . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is one hell of a sax player . Never seen a better one . 
spen 45 minutes of science class tracing wierd shapes made by the lines in my hand . High Five anyone ? 
is currently learning the sax part on Bad to the Bone by ear . I'm almost there , but the solo is kind of tricky :) 
is bored and hyper because of coffee 
is pissed . Damned power outage ! My lessons have been cancelled again ! Its the only class I like . 
is so short on sleep . Nobody had better piss me off , I mean it . I will tear them a new asshole ! 
had a very cool dream this morning . 
has been having very bad luck lately 
will hopefully get to paint today ! 
has very bad < PROPFEMALE > splints from trying to walk my big , fat , excitable dog 
Yay ! I have 100 friends on facebook now ! 
is very excited for my guitar lesson tomorrow ! Yay ! 
its fun to fart in elevators :P 
feels like listening to music all day 
Why did I have to get up today ? 
now I'm sad , rest in peace sweet little baby ... 
I'm tired of school . Lets get finals over with ! 
I love finding great cds for 5 bucks ! 
I hate , hate HATE my stupid car ! 
< PROPFEMALE > must be senile ... because I've been bad every year ! 
its too cold 
Ahh man , I broke my g-string ! 
Now I broke a G and an A . What a great week I've been having 
I've been listening to really old blues songs all night ! Think today's music is dirty ? Look up < PROPFEMALE > Bogan's ' Shave em Dry'- filthiest song I've ever heard ! :) 
My friend is engaged and I get to help plan her bachelorette party , heh heh heh .... I'd welcome any suggestions . The wilder the better :) 
is writing this sentance 
AHHHHHHHHHH ! Rock and roll tonight ! ACDC rules ! 
Roadtrip .... ACDC !.... yelling loud as possible to annoy a lady .... shouting ' Hail Satan ' at a bible thumper .... and an afternoon by myself to break in some new strings ... What a great weekend ! 
Yay ! Music ! 
Feelin ' goofy :P 
found six dollars on the ground the other day :) 
Nothing to report 
wants to beat on my car 
It figures ! All my life I have jumped of tons of things- swings , bikes , porches , cars , stairs , decks , balconies , etc ... And I hurt myself while sitting in a chair ! 
Yay ! I found two new albums to listen to ! 
What a wonderful day , I wrote several dirty haikus ! How's this-\ 
\ 
Oh , my aching ass\ 
there are some things one can't pass\ 
God , I hope its gas\ 
Great , huh ? It's the funniest one of all ! 
I hate pop music 
I wish the Jehovah's Witnesses would leave me alone 
Yay ! Finally got my harmonica ! 
' Oh , won't you shave em ' dry ... ' that hilareous , nasty song is in my head :) 
I'm looking forward to going shopping with < PROPFIRST > at the hippie store :) 
is typing this sentance 
Woo Hoo ! Day off ! 
I came up with some cool chord progressions yesterday . Sweet ! 
Two days till my 21st Birthday , and I get three days off to celebrate ! WOo Hoo ! Booze Cruise ! :P 
Thanks everyone ! 
I hate getting up before the sun 
Tonight I saw < PROPFIRST > play at Urbana Sweet Corn Days , < PROPFIRST > got hit on by some drunk guy , and a drunk guy sniffed my hair . What do you even say in a situation like that ? 
I'm back in school today . Horray ... Great ... Oh what fun it is ... 
Blaugh ! 
Uggh . I hate Thursdays 
Woo hoo ! 2 1/3 octaves and I his my highest and lowest note ever in lessons ! Yeah ! 
When mixing drinks with rum , the size of your proportions matters a lot ! 
I have two days off in a row ! I feel like making some mayhem ! 
I'm glad I have today off . My hands have been hurting from working lately . 
Uggh 
Sweet , I finished my Marriage and Family test in 3min , and now I have two hours to goof off and listen to my ipod . 
I stopped to smell the roses and all I got was a thorn in my eye . 
My mom and aunt went to Gays Mills , which is by Ferryville , for some < PROPMALE>'s Delicious . 
Ha ! I got a 100% on my test that took three minutes . Was that easy or what ? 
Yay , I have an electric guitar ! 
was here only in body . The Spirit's still in bed . 
I had a dream that I rode a < PROPFIRST > Deere lawnmower all the way to school in CR . < PROPFIRST > lived on campus and mom was visiting him . I asked her if I could get a ride home to get my car because I rode the lawnmower . She got mad , and I told her I didn't know why I did it . What do you think that means ?? 
I'm sick of people bitching about Obama . Don't hate him because he's half black , hate him becasue underneath it all he's a politician . 
The telephone has to be the most annoying invention in the history of man kind , right after the musical ringtone . 
Pirate Radio is an awesome movie ! 
Fear ME ! 
Bad Dy . I overslept , missed a class , missed my test , and lost a 20 out of my pocket . Maybe I shouldn't leave home again today . 
Taner's warrior helmet is great ! 
I'm going to spend the night listening to rock and roll 
My brother ran into some stairs on the interstate and smashed his car up the other day . It sucks . 
I feel like making some mischeif ! 
cannot even get through one Lady Gaga song ... 
Babysitting my cousins ... they both fell asleep ... yay 
Just killing time 
Officiallly sick of Christmas Music ... 
How many versions of The Little Drummer Boy Do I have to listen to in a day ??? 
My dad came back form Vegas with one dollar ... at least he had that ... :P 
roses are red ... violets are blue ... sugar is sweet ... THIS BELCH IS FOR YOU !!! 
Rasti the dope man .. la la la la la ... 
came up with some good sounding music the other day ... 
After hearing bad Christmas music all day , the Family Guy Christmas special really made me laugh ! 
can't wait to work with < PROPFIRST > on Staurday .... 
On more day of work , then I'm going to Tennessee to see family 
is glad that Christmas is over 
there was a bird in the bakery today . Funny ! 
feelin ' all frustrated 
Has a feeling that today will be very boring 
does not abbreviate ! 
is excited for the unplugged club to get going 
could really go for some pizza right about now ... 
No to Snow ! 
I wish I had a super powerful < PROPFIRST > gun so I could melt all the snow an dplay outside with my dog 
Going to a songwriting workshop today ! Should be interesting . 
is ready to go to a jam . Hopefully other people will show up too ... 
For some reason my profile said I went to college in 1974 . I wasn't even born then . That's weird 
So Bored ... its just another day in Iowa 
Je sens < PROPFEMALE > fromage ! 
can't wait for spring break next week . Class is annoying 
wish we could boycott gasoline ... 
Wired and unable to sleep . Hello Facebook ! 
Fear the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So funny ! There was a huge lightning strike , and it set off the warning sirens on accident ! 
I helped my little brother make a facebook < PROPFEMALE > over the weekend , and put the most awkward and embarrassing picture for his profile . Funny ! 
I keep having weird dreams with eagles in them . That's two now 
Swimmers are slippery when dry 
is tired of being stuffed up since 2 weeks ago 
found a wheat < PROPFEMALE > at work from 1916 yesterday 
