I need to learn a bit of < PROPMALE > , Amharic , Italian , and Creole this year ... 

Every garment that I own is clean , and I am very weary of doing laundry at this moment . 
Dad and I are feeling * EXPANDED * after large consumption of steak . 
is cleaning out his entire house . There was so much useless stuff . 
is drilling holes to fill with stump remover , using his new hammer drill 
is recovering from yesterday . 
Chicken sausage with hot mustard ! 
It's a good thing I decided NOT to cut the grass today . The end of the driveway is almost under water already ! 
Political parties cause people to be like sheep , losing their ability to critically look at all sides of an issue or make fully informed decisions . 
It's nice to have full unlimited internet access again . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s triple with a large fry ... Once every three months or so . That was * burp * tonight . 
The roof is done ! I am covered in asphalt particles , hot , tired , and hungry . But it looks great . 
Tired . Just plain tired . 
I fought the malware ... and I won . 
Doritos .. soup ... oil change ... sleep . So it is this evening . 
thinks no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . if you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
In the attic , drilling holes for ventilation . ( Ack ! ) 
Putting a new fan in the powder room . 
is unemployed this week and enjoying it . 
Coffee , water , and aspirin - One of the three should take care of this headache . 
Time to end all this laundry ... it's a new day already . 
Back to work in the morning . I want another week off . 
Vacation rocks ! 
Just glad to have my internet connection back ... now faster than ever ! 
Finished waxing the car and applying rain-x . 
Starting to feel like I should only come out at night ... 
My old furnace is gone ! So happy to see it go . 
The \new\ " wood stove is awesome ... but now I'm exhausted . " 
zzzzz 
Another circuit re-wired ... Most of the old wiring in my house has been replaced by now even if my hands are sore . 
Tools everywhere ... but progress is being made all the time . 
bath .. wax .. rain-x ... vacuum ... armor all ... carpet cleaner ... 5 hours later , my hands are sore but the car sure is looking phat ! 
Just enjoying life . :-) 
yard cleanup 
Relaxing . 
I am thankful for black muscle cars and generous friends who feed me on fair Sunday afternoons in November . 
Have wonderful dreams everyone ... 
Strappin ' Young Lads . Bloomfield Bridge Tavern . Pittsburgh , < PROPFEMALE > . Great show ! 
Week off .. multiple road trips . Life is good . 
Good morning world . Coffee today . Then < PROPFIRST > and I are wiring up EGFC . 
The church is CONNECTED . Computers , printers , router , and the like . New possibilities abound . But the wireless part is still shaky , especially if you breathe on it the wrong way . 
Great trip . 
< PROPFEMALE > vu . 
why did I just inhale an entire box of chocolate chip cookies in the last 15 minutes ? 
Oh , no there's something moving around in the attic but I can't find it ... yet . 
Helping Mom and < PROPMALE > put up Christmas lights ... A green string is still out . 
My cell phone seems to be lost forever ... just leave a message and I will get it remotely , or send e-mail . And yes - I am still glad I haven't paid for a stupid landline that I don't need . 
Sinus headache - * achkk ! ouch ! bleckh ! * 
Thinking of friends who are hurting right now ... 
Dill weed goes good with bologna , ketchup , and mustard on wheat bread . 
It boggles the mind that the population of Facebook is now bigger than the population of ... the USA . 
Keeping warm - old school . 
Finally . Some down time . Taking a nap . 
Exiting hibernation . Feeling much better . 
Looking forward to my trip to D.C. this coming weekend . 
The new Market District by Robinson Town Center needs it's own zip code . It's awesome even though I spent half an hour looking for peanut butter . 
DC was a very enjoyable trip ... Now , finishing Christmas shopping - A highly overrated task . 
Today was much better than yesterday . 
The firewood is stacked in the garage and ready for the stove . 
If a holiday activity creates too much stress and causes one to be distracted from the real meaning of Christmas , then that activity is not worth doing . 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I challenge everyone to cut out one thing that isn't really important and instead take that time and reflect . 
Time to sing a contata ! 
This was my first Christmas < PROPFEMALE > falling asleep on the couch to the Christmas Jazz channel . I never turned the light off , and the dog woke me by sniff attack at 7AM . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Had three cups of coffee at the < PROPFEMALE > Garden . I'm not going to sleep any time soon . Just being me ! 
I can have one more cookie ... 
Good morning . The time to rise is the crack of noon . 
Today I do absolutely nothing . All day . Nowhere to be and nothing I have to do . Totally awesome , just the way I want it . So rare , so good . Chat if you like , and if you get lucky I may just be awake . 
Calling all night owls . 
zzzzzzzz 
Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee - Now the most used word . 
Reflecting on fond memories of Y2K . 
Organizing old stuff . 
Wondering if I'll have to work from home tomorrow . It says 100% < PROPMALE > of another 2 to 4 inches by morning . 
Snow on the ground , 10PM Fri . - 7.25 \ . Sure is quiet out here . " 
Reese's pieces . Hershey's chocolate . Cookies . Somebody's got to eat them , right ? 
Haiti on my mind . 
Fighting with iTunes library backup ... It's very restrictive and archaic . I made suggestions to Apple . 
Trying to liquidate old stuff on eBay . 
Down the stairs into the den , laptop in hand ... skipped a step ... twisted my ankle ... landed on rear ... felt stupid . A bit sore , but seems to be ok . 
Ibuprofen , ice , and an Ace bandage are good medicine . It's slowly feeling better . 
Taxes done ! Off my mind for this year . Turbotax rocks . 
Great youth service at the church today , filled with music . Thanks to all who participated . Let's do more of that . God is awesome . 
Not feeling well .. missed a couple days of work .. slowly getting better .. Why does that only happen in January ? 
Halls < PROPFEMALE > lemon drops are keeping my throat from burning up . But still , I'll take this over a stomach virus any day . I consider myself fortunate . 
Feeling better except my voice has totally disappeared . 
I hope to be fully functional again by tomorrow ... It's looking promising . 
Haven't left home since Wednesday night ... This is very different . 
Life is better today . 
If you know me well , you know that I am _____ , I love _____ , and I can't stand _____ . Put this on your status and see how your friends respond ( this should be interesting ) . 
If you got an e-mail from me in the last day or so , it is SPAM and I didn't send it . DON'T OPEN IT !! 
Shelves stocked . Dry wood on the rack . Gasoline for the generator just in case . Shovel-ready . Boots sitting on the mat . 
Neighbors just borrowed my shovel . ~ 5\ so far . " 
Other neighbor knocked on the door , volunteering to clear my driveway with his quad ! Happy day !!! There he goes ... He'll be done in 10 mins . :-D 
Family coming to my house .. they lost their power and heat . Thankfully I still have main power , wood stove , and backup power standing by . May be a full house for a few days . 
Storm total East Palestine , OH - 15\ - can't imagine 2x that in DC . " 
Kudos to the random good samaritan in the massive bulldozer who cleared the driveway in 3 minutes and refused compensation . 
Those who hijack to create SPAM should have everything confiscated . Then they should be tied up in public while all of their victims get a < PROPMALE > to take a swipe at them , followed by prison proportional to the number of messages they sent . If you receive a suspicious-looking message , even if it is from a trusted name , don't open ... it - It probably means your friend's account has been hijacked . Again , sorry to all . 
10 more inches ? Next door they are pushing it off the porch roof with a shovel so it won't collapse .. I thought this was Ohio , not Siberia . 
The snow shovel is about to break-it's just had enough . :-( Fortunately another one is ready . 
Trash pick up ... The bright green can has a great bird's eye view from the pinnacle of the strange white mountain . I hope the trash men can reach it . 
Looking forward to Sunday spending time going to lunch with good friends and relaxing . Much better than having to make a big deal out of it for any one person . 
Winter storm warning , 6 TO 9 more inches coming tomorrow . Yes ... again . 
Shoveling and fighting the wind .. Deciding to give up until morning since I'm just feeling beat . 
Shoveled all the snow off the roof and then jumped into the giant pile . Felt like I was 12 again . FUN !! 
Expecting a great service at church in the morning . 
Replacing alternatorin the Mustang and drinking more coffee ... A reman unit is up to $170 now after the core deposit . ( Yes , coffee goes with every job ! ) 
Mission accomplished . She runs like a dream and the ladies are fighting over her again . * sigh * 
I , hands down , have the most amazing people as friends . 
Changing oil in the winter is not fun . 
Good night world . sleep well . 
Good morning world . I hope you slept well . 
So many ideas circulating and not enough brain space . YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE IN THERE ! 
My mind is clear now . 
Today - Truly an incredible day . It's great to be part of things that really matter . But until tomorrow morning , exhaustion is taking over . 
A normal day at work , and then coming home this evening to reset myself after a breakneck pace last week . 
The white mountain by the mailbox is now just the size of the mailbox . 
Games ! Yes ! Time to play games . 
Commuting adventures .... On the way in I saw a guy brushing his teeth with an electric toothbrush , an electric shaver in the other hand , a drink on top of the dashboard , a bluetooth on his ear , steering with his knee in a single-lane construction zone and passing by three state troopers ... Nice ! 
I stayed off the road tonight . :-) 
Who else is filling out the Census ? Happy happy joy joy . 
Plumbing is just terrible . One component breaks and it affects the one beside it , and ... it's like cascading dominoes , each with a nice expensive price tag . 
Even friends can have different viewpoints on politics ... Just remember that you can still be friends in spite of that . 
My opinion - The health care < PROPMALE > is not a panacea . The health care < PROPMALE > is not Armageddon . Parts of it are good and parts of it are bad . 
Why is the weather moving backwards from < PROPFEMALE > into Ohio ? Definitely not right . 
Kill the lights ... Lightning flashing in the distance slowly getting brighter as the line moves up from the southern horizon ... Need some popcorn for the opening act of nature's show this year . 
Got some decent video of lightning in action last night . 
Wishing corporate < PROPFEMALE > had a spring break .. 
It was a very good evening indeed . I just feel a certain peace and it is good . 
Oh no It's back ... 
It's gone ! Time for a short ride in the rather crisp air . 
It's all about PB&J ! 
is brought to you today by the miracle of chocolate covered espresso beans . 
It's a beautiful day ! 
A visit across the pond ? Maybe so ... 
Put in new flourescent fixtures @Mom's . 
Sleep is overrated . 
and today we will do tie < PROPMALE > ends , brake pads and rotors . 
Covered in grease , rust , and nut & bolt blaster ! 
and today we will get a front-end alignment . 
is still working steadily to get house and car maintenance contained . 
is happy with all the new tools , accessories , and learned techniques that have made life easier ... but further expansion of my arsenal could do even more ! 
Storms on the way ? Sweet ! 
The journey draws near , spread out over the vast\ 
expanse of deep blue sea . Strangley I feel as if I'm about to go home ! 
:) 
The Eagle has landed . 
There is no platform 7 1/2 in London , Reading , Oxford , Coventry , or Birmingham , but I'm still looking ... 
Jet lag .. slept it off for 9 hours . Only 5 hours to continental breakfast . My internal clock is all off , as expected . Accomodations are nice and everyone is friendly . But at some public spaces , you have to PAY to use the bathroom ?! 
Tonight I was treated to Thai cuisine by my generous hosts after quite a productive day . Adapting fast to everyone and everything like it's ... going back to somewhere I've been away from for a long time , but I've never ... been here before . 
Intense work for 9 hours , followed by an incredible steak , a Guiness , Peppermint tea , and some good laughter with 3 guys . :) Tomorrow promises to be just as intense . 
Intense morning meeting of a very international flavor . Then rice , curry , and hearing about the world travels of a New Zealander . Back to my room , where again I will sleep like a rock tonite . 
Friday - Check-out early , work part of the day , then get back on the train . Check-in in London and go see a few sights . 
Tried to buy coffee with my debit card ... Bank declined and de-activated my card , even though I told them ahead of time I was coming over here and to approve my transactions .... I'm ready to kill them . 
BACK IN THE GOOD OLE ' USA ! 
Ok , great to be home , but need to admit to myself that it's time to get off of here and get some rest just this time ... 
Jet lag ... Why else would I be rising and wide awake @ 6AM ? 
Omaha steaks Filet < PROPFEMALE > , grilled pepperoni , baked beans , watermelon , cantelope , and I'm feeling sooo good about it all . 
Mowing , more Automotive .. new jobs .. busy busy 
Finally getting caught up on everything , even if it burns more midnight oil . 
VBS tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > . Sleep tonight . 
2 < PROPFEMALE > 4 JOB .. 2 OH 4 VBS on DVD .. 2 KFC THEN ON FB @ < PROPFEMALE > D .. ZZZ ... U DIG ? 
Lawn mower takes 10W-30 but I'm out of that ... * sigh * .. back to Auto Zone for that & a new spark plug . 
After watching C-SPAN last night , I think anyone with a pulse knows more about BP than it's CEO does ... maybe I should apply for the job . 
Chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , biscuits . Dad & I livin ' high on the hog tonite . 
Today ... A day when I can ... * gasp * ... sleep in ?? So precious and rare ! I'll see the world at the crack of noon . 
Listening to Led Zeppelin on iTunes before I drift off ... A change from the usual , but soothing . 
My pupils are dilated ! I look like a cartoon character . 
Chinese food & Starbucks , with sunglasses on . Who can beat that ? 
It's just good to have some evenings again to take care of stuff here @ home ... Car stuff , electrical stuff , etc . 
Fire is just cool . 
Getting ready to hike onto a glacier @8900ft . Pics and videos are accumulating . 
THANK YOU to everyone wishing me a happy BD ! It really means a lot . 
\Inception\ " gets a thumbs up ... So do $4.50 tickets @ the Carnation Cinema in Alliance . " 
A mosque at ground zero ?? They can take that idea and .... Don't even get me started . 
The monster weeds are gone from around the bonfire pit ... Exhaustion sets in . 
Watching falling stars blaze across the sky over Lake Erie 
Mmmmmm ... perch . 
A gentle breeze at the door of the cottage's balcony ... I hear the waves .. a gift from the creator . 
Jalisco's Mexican in Salem ... mmmmm 
The whole neighborhood lost cable .. Line torn off the pole .. Told Comcast it was a low flying Teradactyl ... 
< PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > ... break a leg ! We're all ready for your big day . God Bless . 
deep in thought about many things .. mostly good . 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > on an absolutely stupendously smashing wedding . 
Lowering ears = raising appearance = feel better 
Just drove the newlyweds to the airport for their honeymoon . Bon Voyage Mr. & Mrs. Harsh ! 
Gorgeous Saturday afternoon ... enjoying the gift of a little free time and a bike ride . 
Losing a minute or two of daylight every day now .. :-( 
Bonfire last night ' till 4AM . Clear sky , lots of stars , big flames , lots of friends , & food galore . 
MY MOTHER IS ON FACEBOOK ! She will be addicted in no time I am sure ! 
It's good to be back in the virtual world . 
Two new stackable tool chests ordered online .. 11 drawers with ball-bearing drawer glides & Heavy guage steel ... not the cheap stuff . Fire engine red . Can't wait until it comes in ! 
Happy BD MOM ! 
Chicken . Potato Salad . Polka ! LIFE IS GOOD . 
Thunderous honking then giant V formations block the sun .. many hundreds are coming , take cover the doo will rain down ! 
Pedaling around in the fading October sun gazing at the brilliant red , yellow , and orange descending through the cool air . The chilling winter and cold nights will come all too soon . 
Tonight I have nothing to do ! * GASP * ... But that never happens . What have I done wrong ? Unbelievable . 
Out of the office until Monday ! 
1 haircut . 1 shot Espresso . 1 serving of Chinese with fortune cookie : \Good luck bestows upon you . You will get what your heart desires . \"" 
Planning to go to Amish Country today .. 
I came I saw I got a serious wood stove and brand new chimney system . Thank you COALWAY LLC , Apple Creek , OH . 
My neighbor and I are building a woodshed . 
Going to get a square of shingles 
Fire , friends , & food . 
Hammer drill , a big box of 3 inch decking screws in < PROPFIRST > Deere Green , progress , and ibuprofen . 
Chimney has been engineered on paper-assembly on Thursday . Still need a 10\ steel casing and a couple more brackets . " 
A good night to go to bed early 
Putting in the last few decking screws and spraying \Great Stuff\ " in the seams between panels . Spar varnish to follow . " 
Mulch the leaves ... 
After Trick or Treat at Mom's -- Just watched October breathe it's final breath in the peaceful calm of a clear night 
I've had enough of today ... Good riddance . 
Not appreciating the fact that both neighbors go to bed at like 9 so I can't make any noise to get anything done when I actually have time ... I need my very own square mile so I can make as much racket as I want whenever I dang well need to . 
Just wondering what the new Republicans are going to do in Congress .. 
Playing with power tools ! Just changed the ShopSmith over from table saw to drill press mode . 
Note to self ... Cutting stainless steel eats cobalt drill bits for breakfast-even when going really slow . Time for plan B . 
This is the last day for yard work .. unfortunately it doesn't get done on it's own . 
I made a firewood rack with custom dimensions out of 3/4\ natural gas pipes .. Incredibly sturdy & completely unique . " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s - Weirton , WV - One rack of ribs ... gone . * BURP * THANKS DAD ! 
Quite an evening ... A few destroyed tools , but the worst appears to be over . Tomorrow welding begins . 
Building a duplicate of the first firewood rack 
Time for a break . All week going to work then coming home to work with metal till late .. Eyelids are getting heavy .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Listening to metal 
MMM ... Chinese .. Golden Chopsticks in Columbiana 
I just need to have more fun in life ... 
Ad on right -- Secondlife ? But I have my hands full with the first one ... Guess that's not for me . 
Dunkin Decaf is just as good as regular 
H . S reunion soon . Can't wait ! 
A sleepless night contemplating ... waiting for the laundry to be done . 
Folding the laundry ... 
Good night world ... A glass of Merlot has soothed the savage beast .. 
HAVING FUN ! 
BHS Class of 95 ... An incredible evening with incredible friends . 
I am very thankful for everyone and everything God has given me . 
I admire anyone who is brave enough to take on the heavy responsibility of raising children-From reading many comments over a long period of time I can tell that a great deal is sacrificed in this pursuit . 
Darkness @5 : 30 makes me want to get nothing done and hibernate . 
Enjoyed playing with concrete today . 
My friend just proposed to a girl 10 years younger than him . That means there is still hope for the rest of us ! :-D 
It's burning . It's warm . I'm happy . 
and now for the Monsoon 
The monsoon is suddenly white and puffy 
White & puffy stays around . 
Chinese food & a never ending stream of more work tonight . I need a break ... 
Stare out the window at the snow .. then downstairs to stare at the soothing flames ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Someone tell me what this < PROPFIRST > thing is ... 
#28 -I see you at church every so often you are nice and I wish I could get a < PROPMALE > to get to know you better . 
Send me some < PROPFIRST > 
#10 - You are a man who loves God and has an awesome family . We have to get together again soon to have steak and brew ! 
#1341 - I've known you for a long time now .. you have always been a true friend to me in all circumstances .. Thanks to you and others for helping me through the times when I was not well on 2 trips to the more tropical climate . 
#222 - You are an absolute Mustang fanatic and can never be cured . I will never forget how your eyes lit up the time I gave you my keys just to take a spin up the road . You are great to be around bc . you know how to have fun . 
Bowling tonight ! Haven't done that in a while . 
Dad & I are going Christmas shopping . Boardman will be mayhem I'm sure but were pigging out first . 
Dad & I have gone Christmas shopping . Boardman was not mayhem and we did pig out first . 
Bringing some wood in before the first part of the mess starts with rain around 4AM . 
Everyone plase pray for our church's upcoming trip to Haiti 2nd week of January .. our team of 10 . There has been unrest there .. As of today we will go unless the airline deems it unsafe or we voluntarily decide to cancel between now&then .. we're keeping in close contact with the airline & monitoring the situation . 
If we shouldn't go then God will shut the door . Otherwise there is work to do and we're doing it .. That's that . I have peace about it . 
Shopping done ... ( < PROPFIRST > collapses ) 
12 days of rest begin this minute in time . 
I just found three $20 bills at random in the pocket of a shirt buried on the floor . :-D 
Singing tonight ... trying * very * hard to keep my throat clear & it's not cooperating 
A christmas < PROPFEMALE > svc in honor of Christ .. singing was not too bad but it was the spirit that mattered 
I love how God works ... I really do . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Voice is gone completely ... :-( 
Ricola echinacea green tea slowly getting better 
I hate this time of year .. it's impossible to stay healthy . I think I'll just crawl in a hole until spring . 
I just awoke to find that the world and I are still here .. this is good . 
Beard gone ... It will be hot in the Caribbean 
Wow .. what a journey the last 9 days have been . It is also good to be home . 
My awesome Dad shoveled my driveway before the plane landed ... This was incredibly helpful ! 
Power is out but the woodstove & mobile web are not . 
Flat tire . Ughh . At least I'm @ home & can put the spare on with the air wrench in the garage . Bald tires , was going to replace them next week anyway . 
New tires ! New struts ! It feels like a different car . :) 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > Moose Munch ... There's a huge jar of it in front of me .. Someone please tell me I have to stop now . 
Congratulations Egypt . Now hopefully true democracy can follow . 
