Well , this year has to be better then the last ... 

Well , Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far , the < PROPMALE > and the kittens gave great show ... Hopefully MSU will follow suit ! 
A Big Green and White Double Header !! First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday .... then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech !! Its a great day to BLEED GREEN !! GO SPARTANS !!! 
Good Job ballers ... its all up to the football team now ! GO GREEN , GO WHITE , GO STATE ! 
Now < PROPFIRST > is sick ... and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick 
Scouty is going to the Doctor ... 
Just updated my profile ... Much has changed since college ! 
Happy Brithday < PROPMALE > !! Have a stadium dog for me ! 
Holiday is over .... crap .... 
So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible ... enter new and stupidly expensive computer program ! 
Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI ... I wish it was under better circumstances 
At home , trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin .... and craving polish food . In another devolopment , I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north , but in reality it is worse ... 
Back in the ATL , but still just as foggy ... luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything ... 
I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered , thanks for ruinung my game day comcast ... 
Even though my own sister is a blood traider .... GO GREEN !! GO ND !!! 
wow , nothing like losing to a < PROPMALE > team to make me cry ... I would like to thank < PROPMALE > for ruining the game for me as well ... jurk ... 
Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus ? 
What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like Kanye West is making an apolgy tour , but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry ? This is the role models for kids ? In a realted note , we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can , not one moment before ... I am feeling feisty today ... 
I have a slash in my convertable top . 2 days before I leave for my beach vacation . Someone is a serious asshole . 
Police , the National Guard , and the FBI were called out to Dolphin Stadium this week . Players on the field reported seeing a strange , white substance on the field that they had never seen before . Miami CSI took samples and determined that the substance did not come from anthrax or ricin , It was , instead , a Goal Line . 
Breaking News : At the Atlanta Zoo , an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits . It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat ... 
I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely ... even if thier bags are lost ... 
What do < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the Miami Dolphins have in common ? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell \Jesus Christ \"..." 
Wow ... I should have watched more baseball this year ... the twins are playing really well ... crap ... 
One of my prospective students just asked me out ... is it 3 yet ? This week has been crazy ... 
The guy next to me getting a mani/pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with ... kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . It was so hard not to laugh !! So Atlanta ! 
Scout is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo , when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out . She is such a frady pup ! 
I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends ... any of you peaches intersted . In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes ... 
Bored at work ... 
Almost the weekend ... only a few more short hours ... I think we can make it . 
Under the cover of shameful darkness , my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football . Because you did not go there , or any of our family for that matter ... that makes you , my former sibling , a WALMART WOLVERINE ... yes I went there ! We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver ... GO NITTANY LIONS !! 
Hopefully this week will not kick my butt ... I don't think I can take it again 
What in God's name happened to cnn.com? 
I fell on the way to my car this morning ... I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day ! 
Today did suck ... Denny came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper .... I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter ! 
How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward ? That show is so crazy ... 
Scouty cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating ! 
I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose ... the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now ... and hockey is sucking a big one ... when does basketball start ? 
oye , not enough sleep ... I am all fuzzy and slow today . I need a nap stat ! 
Hey Atlanta : you may see my work on the evening news ... Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot , that we share with the probation office ... I have heard rumors he shot himself ... 
If you push print once .... you only get one copy , so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print ... 
dang ... is this what people feel like when the wings take it all ?? Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile , but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans ... 
My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night , now I am a little home sick . I love this time of year in Michigan ! 
I think that < PROPFIRST > was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down ... I can't imagine why 
This rain has gotten me down today , that and the fact that my flat iron died ... bad hair and I am cranky ... At least I can look forward to Glee tonight ! 
Day looking up , I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron ! I realized that New < PROPFEMALE > comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving , any body want to go see it with me ? Still looking forward to Glee ... I feel a little dirty thinking that Puck is hot 
NO NO NO < PROPFEMALE > cannot have a crush on Shoe ... 
I just keep reminding myself ... one week until my vacation , one week until my vacation .... 
My mouth always gets me in trouble ... 
Let go Spartans LETS GO ! 
I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl ... 
So , my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the Nitney Kittens are in the mail , I should have them tomorrow ... Does anyone want to go see U2 ? 
that was a little too close for comfort ! Is that how a #2 team plays ? 
I am dreading glee this week ... 
So Glee was not so bad ... here is the question , is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how Finn is going to find out that Puck is the father 
As much as I love Twlight ( Team < PROPFIRST >!) , it is just me , or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow ! I guess taking kids period , with the attacks and sexual stuff .... 
Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog , the world of college mascots morns you today 
Oh no ... I cant find my green alumni tee .... I guess i will get one while I am in EL tomorrow ! 
I am so so excited ... Going to the big game ... heading home ... going to see my dog ... I cant sleep ! 
Going to East Lansing to watch the Spartans kick some kittens around the field ! GO GREEN ! 
Still a little heartbroken ... a good basketball game will help that ! 
Since when did you become the center of the universe ? 
Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing !! 
Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family . I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta . I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today . 
My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour ... new record . 
I am not ready to get back to real life ... 
Oye do i have to go back ? 
Well , I didnt see that coming ... 
Putting together my coverletter and resume ... I think I can I think I can I think I can 
When doing your Christmas cards , take one or more and send it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW ; Washington , D.C. 20307 . If we pass this on , think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get . PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS . ( JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL ) 
Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown ? I feel something coming on ... Everything is starting to back up on me ... 
Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII . My only thought is , has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst ? Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity ... but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII ? 
What doesnt kill me will make me stronger ... 
SNOWING ! All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry .... SO glad I am at home ! Careful driving with the crazies out there people ! 
It was good to get out of the house for a little while , and even better to see my girls ! 
Apple casserole and < PROPMALE > Pork Loin smells so good !! 
< PROPFIRST > is flying into Chicago tonight ... I will miss that guy ! 
now I kinda wish it was snowing ... just for over night , then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish ! 
I hate to say this , but Lopez Tonight is actually pretty good ... having a hard time chosing between that and < PROPFEMALE > Lately ... 
Dropping off some resumes today ... I am feeling good mojo ! 
So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights ? Damn it Fox ... no Glee until April ? 
Does this have to happen tonight ... I have my fight club 
Wow I am really in a funk ... I had no idea Weis was fired ! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season , but I hardly ever miss stuff like that 
Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey ? 
So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self \The Situtation\ " is trying to trademerk it now ... " 
So , I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face ... everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party ... 
Errands ... 
Snow predicted when I go home !! I cant wait ! 
Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards ... 
I am in a funk today ... I dont know if it is depression , maybe a lack of motivation because of depression . This process is not for the impatient . 
As of today , Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to settings , then privacy , then meals . Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets . Copy this to your status to warn your friends ! 
Could it be that I am finally starting to get into the Christmas spirit ? Kinda sad that it took an ugly Christmas sweater contest at trivia to do it ! 
So ... I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo ... totally addicted ! If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift 
Getting ready to come home for Christmas ! 
So much to do before tomorrow ... I am actually a little overwhelmed ! 
First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta ... 
Watered plants , cleaned gerbil cage , did laundry , washed the dishes . Starting on packing then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler ! 
Dear Baby Jesus : Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack ... we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth ... and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and < PROPFEMALE > is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top . Thanks so much ... 
\Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go ! \"" 
In the murder mitten ... it is cold ! Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > ! no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy 
I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold .. 
Had a great game night with the family ... we should do that more often when I am home ... next time with drinks ! 
Wrapping done ! first time < PROPFEMALE > r I have had < PROPFEMALE > ry present wrapped before christmas < PROPFEMALE > night ... I guess i will move onto the presents < PROPFIRST > bought for his family once he buys them ... 
And the Grinch , with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow , stood puzzling and puzzling , how could it be so ? It came without ribbons . It came without tags . It came without packages , boxes or bags . And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore . Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before . What if Christmas , he thought , doesn’t come from a store . What if Christmas , perhaps , means a little bit more . 
Oye , so tired ... Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year 
Baking < PROPFIRST>'s boring white birthday cake ... then movies with the fam 
Heading back to Atlanta ... 
Maybe the tides are finally changing ?!? 
Maybe going home grounded me ... I feel so much better now ! 
Going to have my emmissions tested , want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it ! Also running other errands ... 
What is going on with this bowl game ? I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad ... now texas tech coach scandle ? If you were going to toss a kid in the closet ... would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight ?? Bad call dude ! 
feels like Death warmed over ... 
DANG IT !! If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE , come to my house , I have food and drink , almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids ! 
feeling much better today ! So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired , is this even going to be a fair game ? Maybe considering many of our players were stupid ... 
Oh no < PROPFIRST > is really sick , I even made him chicken soup yesterday , and he still is running a fever ! 
Well , I think he has the flu , but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu 
Keep your fingers crossed that < PROPFIRST > kept his germs to himself ... 
Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow ... Good thing I have bead , milk and meat in the house ! 
Why is < PROPFEMALE>'s new hair news ? 
black 
Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow ? WEAK 
What makes < PROPMALE > Saban so special !! He is a QUITTER ! Watch out Bama ... 
Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta ... be careful out there guys ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ???? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that answer for me . Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you !!!!! 
Just another day ... 
I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday ... I havent had a good one since college ... maybe i will just stop trying to make it special 
I reunited a cat with her owner today ... Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell < PROPFIRST > there was a cat in the condo .... 
< PROPMALE > Nugent is a touch scary , may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics ... 
Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits ... 
The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking , I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water , and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate ... I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
Woo Hoo Friday ! 
MSU Hockey on tv ... Cruisin with the top down ... sounds like a good day to me ! 
Why do three people that do not know eachother have \pants on the ground\ " in their updates ? Am I missing something ? " 
Dang it ND !!! 
I think one of my gerbils had a stroke ... Poor little guy ! After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little , but she still is moving weird and falling over ... 
Maybe it was a seisure ? She seems ok today , no weird movements , eating and drinking , and her cagemate is acting normal ... I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick ... 
So my dome light will not go out when I am driving , I actually reasched the problem myself and sent < PROPFIRST > out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40 ... I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff ... 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So , I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today , and I cannot find the paper work ... I know I have it here somewhere ! 
Well , that wasnt so bad , now I have to wait and see ... 
found my Tag paperwork in the man den ... Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online ... 
I know a few spartans that are going halkeye hunting ! 
< PROPFIRST > mixed week old coucous with new coucous , and he cannot understand why I will not eat it ... 
has anyone else realized that < PROPMALE > Jeter looks like \The Situation\ " ? I am so glad that trashy show is almost over " 
ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
I really really hope people dont start using \post-it\ " as a reason for loyality . Greys is getting stupid ... " 
taking a much needed mental health day ! 
Damn it , I am old ... sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon ... 
Sto lat Sto Lat , Neich zyje zyje < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes , they made me feel truely special 
I just received an AARP card in the mail ... not sure what to think 
Lets go STATE !! 8-0 BABY ! 
Selling my first e-bay item for a family member ... so far 16 hits but no bids 
Watching basketball is giving me heartburn ... 
Poor little Wolverines ... at this rate the NIT is a goal !! Look at your sad little glum faces ... 
< PROPFIRST > is going to deal with a ticket ... I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out ! 
So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season , making $ 10,000 per episode . I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before . That is alot of tanning , hair products , and < PROPFEMALE > tops ! 
It's DOPPELGANGER Week . Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble ( actor , singer , athlete , etc ) ... I have been told by multiple people that I look like < PROPFEMALE > Lewinsky . I guess it could be worse 
With everything going on in this country , WHY is the White House backing the Justice Dept investigating the BCS to see if it violates federal anti-trust laws ? Is this really a priorty ? 
It makes me sad to see < PROPFEMALE > all iced over ... 
Did you know there is a rapper running around out there calling himself q-tip ? I think I am offically old when I was looking up the early grammy winners and almost peed my pants laughing when I saw \q-tip\ " was nominated for a grammy ! " 
< PROPFIRST > noms as predicted ... Phil saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino ... I am on team rodent ! 
Big Game tonight .. perfect big ten record on the line ... GO GREEN ! 
:( 
My phone stopped working , I can call out , but the person I call cannot hear me ! 
Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am , hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well . Big day ahead ! 
The \Full House\ " home is on the market for 4 mil . I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value " 
my facebook looks the same ... am I missing something ? 
I cannot believe I missed a Glee question tonight at trivia ... I totally blanked on the name of the guy that ran the club before < PROPFEMALE > . I < PROPFEMALE > my head in shame . 
Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner , and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar ... 
Well , if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that < PROPFIRST > will never talk to me again , and we need him at trivia for Sports questions , so GO COLTS ! 
Getting ready to watch the game 
Well here goes nothing , getting ready for my first day ! 
Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute ! 
Little Chilly ! 
Same old Spartans ... 
here we go again ... luckly I work at a school that may close for the < PROPMALE > of snow 
Ok teachers , what do I have to do to get a snow day again ? Nothing like a 4 day weekend the first week on the job ! 
Well , no snow day , I guess I can hope to leave early 
I cannot get the NBC olympic theme song out of my head , and I keep humming it ! 
Finally one for the W colum ! And against Penn State ! 
Geeze the Winter Olympics are dangerous !! 
Happy St Valentines Day ! 
Man , as soon as I saw the smile fries in the target ad I cringed , they were disqusting in college 
Hey curling enthusisats : be sure to watch the Simpsons tonight , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are joining the mixed doubles team ! 
Stupid Ikea Dresser , I dont even see the instructions and the bag of screws is daunting . I am going to do this if it kills me ! 
Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki , I almot cried a litle 
No my makeup is not smudged on my face ... yes that is suppost to be there 
No Meat today !! 
You know that your dishwasher was broken too long when the dog stares in wonderment while it is running .... 
Another beautiful day ! 
It was so great to see a spartan kick some < PROPFEMALE > leaf butt ... almost felt like college ! 
< PROPFIRST > almost threw out a new carton of blue cheese because it \smelled bad and looked like it had blue mold on it\ " lord help me ... " 
Lets go USA !!! Also a big Green and White shout out to < PROPFEMALE > Rzepka , a 2005 MSU grad that is favored to win tonight in Womens Bobsled . 
First paycheck !! WOO HOO 
I was up WAY too late last night watching curling , I am becomming a fanatic ! I want to curl so bad ! 
Wow the only thing more exciting then watching the hockey game on tv is watching the blog feed on si.com . Everytime I refresh there is another goal ! 
squeezed and pulled and hurt my neck 1988 
USA USA USA 
GO USA ! 
Oh DAMN ! In all the years sitting Munn watching the games I have never seen miller so devistated 
I hace been looking forward to March for a while , new job that I like , college basketball is kicking into high gear , and the weather is warming up but not hot ! lots to look forward to ! 
Dear Mother Nature : Enough with the snow already . People in Atlanta freek out when it happens , and it takes forever to drive . Yours Truly : KJD 
only two more days of training , and I may be getting a desk today ! 
Woo Hoo Almost done with this stupid Webinar ! 
Training over ! 
Its Big Ten Championship Day !! Lets go Spartans LETS GO ! 
Gearing up to make Corned Beef in my crock pot , I am going to use Guiness per < PROPFEMALE>'s suggestion 
My corned beef is in the crock pot . I am a little nervous I am going to mess it up 
Why is it that some people do not appreciate the smell of cooking cabbage and the Oscars ? < PROPFIRST > has been whining that the house and the tv stink for hours 
I think I am on an < PROPFIRST > hangover ... 
Senator , how is it that you non-sexually grope someone ? 
Enough with the dreary days , they are making my hair look like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Talk about bad hair day , thank god for product to tame the poof ! 
Well that kinda ruined my weekend ! 
OH MY GOD ... WE ARE NOT NOT FALLING IN THE QUATERFINALS ... THIS IS NOT HAPPENING 
wow , hard to go into the dance with an upset staring us right in the face . May change my bracket ... 
Unexpectanly working this weekend , a flub ending Big 10 dominance , and losing an hour ? I never thought that I would be looking forward to Monday ... 
Woo Hoo ! Chow baby and movie night ! I think that < PROPFIRST > is trying to distract me from the fact that there are no more basketball games this weekend . 
Man , I could have used that extra hour of sleep ! 
My body is all confused and just about ready to close up shop today in protest , I have GOT to keep my eyes open ! 
I think I have the bracket done , I will check it against some pros to see if I need a revision 
lovin the sun when I leave work , makes the top down more enjoyable ! 
May the road rise up to meet you . May the wind always be at your back . May the sun shine warm upon your face , and rains fall soft upon your fields . And until we meet again , May God hold you in the palm of His hand . 
Wow , Obama and I both chose Kansas to win ... may be one of the only things that we will ever agree on ... 
Yesterday's bracket : not so shabby . I think I will be ok this year ! 
LETS GO STATE !! 
Geeze my bracket took a beating , but it could be much , much worse 
To the ancient Spartans , turtle was a delicacy . As it was then , so shall it be today ! Go Green ! ( thanks DW ) 
The Atlanta Alumni Club really needs to invest in a defibrillator if the basketball team doing this ! Go GREEN ! 
Ok ladies fight like the boys and pull another win ! GO GREEN ! 
Oh the vice president just lived my worst nightmare , the fully mic-ed f bomb ... classy 
If that makes you happy ... 
Off I go to sleep , with visions of new banners in Breslin and Izzo cutting nets in my head ... 
Oh 9:4 whatever seems months away ! I CANNOT wait to see MSU advance to the elight eight ! 
Our Father , who < PROPMALE > in East Lansing , Basketball be thy name . Thy kingdom come , tourney games won , on E < PROPMALE > h as it is in St. < PROPFIRST > . Give us this day wisdom for Korie , healing for Delvon and < PROPFIRST > , and a qu < PROPMALE > er from the tooth < PROPFEMALE > for Raymar . And lead us not into being cocky , but deliver us from the Panthers . For thine ... is Sp < PROPMALE > a , the power , and Prepare for < PROPFEMALE > . Amen . GO STATE !!! ( thanks < PROPFIRST > tine ! ) 
I hate ripping that glass slipper away from the little team that could , but it has to be done to be ELITE ! 
So So Proud to be in the Spartan Nation ! Hail to the Lord of the Dance ! 
Now I lay me down to sleep . I pray the Lord my soul to keep . If I die before I wake , I pray the win for Izzo to take ! Go Green , Go White , GO STATE ! 
Consectutive FINAL FOURS !! If only it didnt have to be a heartattack inducing game ... 
Is anyone else stil riding a final four high ? I < PROPMALE > think I will be able to sleep tonight 
I feel like a kid on christmas < PROPFEMALE > , I cannot sleep . Too much excitement , and no alochol or sweets because I gave them up for lent . All natural ! 
Who knew that cowboy had red hair ? 
Hey parents , do you have your kids use hand sanitizer after they wash thier hands ? I was in the bathroom at a resturant on my lunch break and this woamn was gabbing on her cell about how often her kid had been sick , as she was putting hand sanitizer on her kd after she washed her hands . That is why her kid is sick ! 
< PROPMALE > Izzo has 13 consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances , during which time every player to complete eligibility has gone to a final four , and of those eligibility completed players , 82% have graduated with a degree ... That is the definition of a great college coach , leader , and mentor that is unparalleled in collegiate sports today . 
Attention facebook : < PROPFIRST > has said that he will wear one of the dresses I bought for an uncomming wedding in MI to < PROPFEMALE > and Scotts wedding . With gloves . And a hat . I cant make this stuff up ! 
Going Easter dinner shopping and feeling so home sick I could cry ! 
I would give my left arm for chocolate right now ... only 3 more days ! 
Jesus thinks that you are to die for , remeber the price paid for you and the debt you will never be able to repay 
Baking for Easter , i made cupcakes and the banana bread is in the oven now , next up : cookies ! Also making the orange jello mold . I love cooking ! 
MSU has NEVER lost in Indy .... GO GREEN !! GO WHITE !!! GO STATE !!! 
Please understand that millions of people suffer from a rare blood disease that causes them to bleed the color green . We are not looking for a cure , only a National Title . Repost if you are also afflicted - GO SPARTANS !! 
Crushed . Proud of my team and even prouder to bleed green . Next year is going to be amazing ! 
Boo Monday 
did everones kids start walking today ?? cause once they start walking they are offically too old for me to watch . 
it is going to be 90 today in atlanta ... irritating . Isnt the pollen enough ? 
Dear < PROPMALE > Paves , there are cows in Detroit . Trust me . 
pollen 3 , me 0 ... 
is stoked it is going to rain tomorrow ... I cannot WAIT to get a break from the pollen 
Here comes the wet swift death to the pollen ... take that you < PROPFEMALE > nasty little grossness ! 
Lets go Tigers !! 
I love driving home with the fear that the corroded battery connection would pop off while I am driving ... makes getting home that much better . I see a new battery and connections in my future ! < PROPFIRST > gets to use tools 
everyone that joins facebook should be required to watch this week's South Park before creating an account , I am crying I am laughing so hard !! 
Why is it so bad to want to be better ? 
could someone please explain to me why my dogs back half smells like my givenchy perfume ? Just for the record < PROPFIRST > has no idea how it happened ... 
Happy Glee Day !! 
I wish my sister had some sort of living thing in her house that I could wish happy neices and nephews day to ... 
aut neca aut necatus eris 
Finally will be able to watch a Red Wiongs game without the crazy VS announcers , sometimes they ruin the game ! 
Damn it ! 
Friday ! This has been the longest week ever ! 
What kind of spineless piece of garbage person knowingly allows thier child to live in a situation that thier live in is selling drugs ? YES she is at fault that her child has been hurt ! That guy is toast in jail ... 
It is bad when the womans shoes next to you are so ugly that you think you are in the mens room ... 
Why do people walk into walmart and kmart and expect good customer service ? Why do you think everything is so cheap ? Because the workers are all minium wage ! 
Scout had a big day today , a manicure , a baby ice cream AND a walk around chastain park ?!? She is passed out ! 
Livin on a prayer ! 
I love when the < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch rule falls in your favor ... I know that it will all shake out in the end ! 
The ran has made me all forlorn ! 
I think I may run to the store on my lunch and pick up the < PROPFEMALE > glee cd ... It will make me feel better ! 
Wings game or Glee ? What is a girl to chose ? 
the handouts on glee are aweome ! Help I am in love with my stepdad ! 
I am in a hangover/burn out from being so busy at work yersterday ! 
OMG , I just realized that I will be able to watch the wings game on a TV because I will be in the murder mitten this weekend ! 
I cannot get < PROPFEMALE > out of my head , I have been humming it all morning ! 
in 24 hours I will be in MI !! I need sleep ... 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost for our friends . " 
12 hours until I am in the Murder Mitten !! 
Waiting to get on the air plane .... mi here i come 
Dear Jesus , thank you for seating me next to this fine speciman of a man for a two hour flight ... 
Wedding was beautiful last night . Getting ready to head over to Jennys for family dinner ... then fly back to the atl ... I am already tired ! 
tired ... and cant sleep . damn it . 
oh wings you are killing me today , on at the same time as Glee and Good Wife , I guess I will have both going at the same time ... LETS GO RED WINGS clap , clap , clap clap clap ! 
Im full time fancy now ... 
How can we be starting another series ? Didnt we JUST win the last one ? GO WINGS ! 
I really want to go to the Derby someday ... even just once to experince it ! good reason to wear a hat ! 
I am just going to stop watching hockey ... 
Tigers baseball will never be the same without < PROPMALE > Harwell ! God Bless you ! 
I feel like a time bomb today ... I am going to blow but I have no idea when where or on who ... I have not been this irritated in a good long while 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans \ 
your brain through your monitor . To block , go to Kitchen Cabinet and \ 
remove box of Aluminum Foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm &\ 
breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has \ 
been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama \ 
and her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR \ 
FRIENDS !!!! 
I hope all of the mothers out there are havinga great day 
the kid from 2 and a half men makes 250k per episode , makes me want to barf 
Anyone want to go see lady gaga in atlanta ? 
Holy auto tune < PROPFIRST > ! Holy hottness Puck ! 
I am rewatching community from last week , is < PROPFIRST > mcale really that ripped ? if he is jesus , hot and funny ? 
I promise I am not going to talk about weight waters all of the time , but I lost 8 lbs this week ... I really hope my scale is not playing tricks on me 
When is the right time to tell < PROPFIRST > that i signed him up to run the cotton < PROPFEMALE > machine from 130-2 at the parish picnic tomorrow ? My guess is 125 .... 
< PROPFIRST > does not watch glee ... but he asked me if I had saved it for him on the DVR last night , and looked stunned that I had not ( I am a DVR natzi ... if it gets over 30 I have a panic attack ) 
a cup fell out off of the shelf when I was putting dishes away last night and hit me in the face , now I look like I got my butt kicked ... 
Why would I watch Dancing with the Stars when I can call my parents and hear thier reactions instead . You would think that my dad had been dancing for years ! 
To anyone looking to adopt an animal . Paulding county Animal shelter will be closing May 28th for construction . All animals are being adopted out for $20 each . This includes shots , spay/neuter , and microchipping . All animals not adopted by May 28th will be euthanized . This is a great opportunity for anyone to give an animal a second < PROPMALE > on life . PLEASE REPOST . 
Distracted ... 
So , I know that I am a complete dork for getting the new glee CD , but the cast singing bad romance is totally awsome . I can hardly wait unitl glee does lady gaga next week ! 
what the hell just happened on Community ?!? you have GOT to be kidding me ! 
I wish greys was this good every week ! Is it bad I have not even had the slighest need to cry ? 
We're living in a powder keg and giving off sparks ... 
I never watched lost ... but after today can we stop hearing about it ? 
Go down to the bottom of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > , next to where it says facebook @2010 . There is a language prefrence that will most likely say english , click on that and change it to \english ( pirate)\ " . It makes facebook that much more intersting ! " 
Happy Lady Gaga Glee Day ! I am so , so excited ! 
See what happens when you lie and think that you can outsmart the court system ? You end up in jail ! and you still owe the money ... fail ... 
Who would have thought that the host from Nickelodeon's Guts would make an < PROPFEMALE > worthy performance ? He was amazing on Glee this week and it will be a shame if < PROPFIRST > O'Malley does not get a supporting actor nod . 
I wonder if < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will get a kid sized coffin .... 
I am pretty sure everyone at trivia is going to hell for all of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jokes tonight ... and I think we had the lowest point total ever ! 
Cleaning the house and possibly bbqing later ... just getting it all together . This month is going to be a big how mess we are going to be so so busy ! 
grilled vegis and chicken and quinoa ... and apple pie nom nom nom ! 
watching horders is making me ichy and sick to my stomach , and it is only getting worse , but I cannot stop watching ... 
I am loving that it is tuesday already ! 
Scout isnt eating well and hiding alot ... if she keeps this up I am going to have to take her to the vet ... 
First Tiger game I watch in like a year , and the game is ruined by the umpire , what a jurk ! 
Happy Brithday Dr. Kryda ! 
I did not think it was possible for someone to surpass Kwame as the most hated man in Detroit until now ... 
I want to learn how to knit or croshet . It is my goal that everyone that I love gets a scarf loving made by me with thier christmas gifts this year . Can anyone in atlanta help me ? 
First post from my new cube ! 
I wish my hair grew in this dark ... would save all those brain cells that die in a fumey haze of chemicals . Dark hair makes me feel sexy ! 
You are not an adult in any sense until your loved ones can trust to to take care of your own buisness , you are a friend when you want to help someone else that has proven to be an adult take care of there buisness . A parent does your buisness for you . 
So much to do this week , I have so many lists ! At least I am organized ... 
It is going to be a long day ! 
I feel so bad for my coworkers , I am cranky because I am already hungry and humming journey from glee last night . I hope for thier poor trapped sake that it goes not turn into singing ! 
I am not getting sick , I will not let it happen 
Here's to hoping that I can keep all of the plates spinning ! 
why do I feel like I am losing a member of my family ? < PROPMALE > Izzo leaving would ruin my year ! 
Shower Day !! I am the hostess with the Mostess ! 
Is it wrong to already be speculationg who will replace Izzo ? I like the guy from Butler personally , I would watch the game more closly if you know what I mean ladies ! Not that Izzo isnt cute in his own basketball god kinda way ... bu 
Welcome to the Big Ten , Cornhuskers . You'll find the restroom on the left , your room is upstairs on the right , and we ask that once a week you throw your table scraps down to the Michigan Wolverines downstairs in the basement . ( thanks < PROPMALE > ) 
Wedding Day ! Congradulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Life is back to normal !! Almost anyway ... I did not get many pics from the wedding , I should have handed my camera to the older kids yesterday WAY sooner , I would have gotten great candid shots :( Please start posting some wedding shots , I never really got to see my hair until after midnight and a long ride with the top down . 
When\ 
you truly bleed green , its for life . Go Green , Go White , GO STATE ! 
Dear lady in the navy jag that had her blinkers on yesterday on 285 at 721 passing Ashford Dunwoody .... \ 
\ 
Rain is not an emergency , there is no need to turn on your emergency lights . Also , in the state of < PROPFEMALE > , it is illegal to drive in the rain without your headlights on , yes even during the day ! One more thing , snow and extreme heat are not really emergencies either . \ 
Love :\ 
Driver that was shaking her head 
< PROPFIRST > thinks that scout is a border terrior , and she could actually be a really big purebred ( not likely that we will ever know because I refuse to shell out the money to find out ) . He has been using the breed discriptions to tell me what she is doing to try and better make his case ... 
How dumb do you have to be to post a picture of a 17 year old up her skirt on your very highly followed blog ? Is it some big secret that Miley is 17 ? I thought that would be common knowledge for someone that writes a celb gossip blog ... Duh ! If I was her mom I would < PROPFEMALE > your blue hair off dude ... 
Any body want to go with me to see the Tigers play the Braves next weekend ? I am for reals , I was looking at Fri pm , because I most likely will have to work sat and sun it will be all hot and stuff 
< PROPFEMALE > is in the shop ... I hope I will get her back today ! 
Happy Fathers Day Dad ! I have a littlle dog here that would love to give you some fathers day kisses ... 
No one likes to come in third ... 
Well at least tomorrow will not be monday ... 
Happy First Day of Summer ! I dont know about you , but it has felt like summer for a while now to me ... 
I hate when life just screws you ... 
Today has GOT to be better then yesterday 
That was not an earthquake you felt today Detroit , it was Kwame shitting his pants ! 
So maybe this week will not be that bad , I am glad tomorrow is Friday ! 
Lets go Tigers ! Eat up those Braves !! 
is it going to rain ? 
too much chow baby and my good parking spot is gone for good ... I feel icky 
' s Dinner : stuffed jalapeno peppers and pouch grilled halibut on the grill paired with sauteed zuchini and new red potatoes .... and grilled blackberry cobbler for dessert . It is fun to share with the neighbors ! 
I still do not understand how you get the right to be embarassed 
Numb 
Alot of birthdays today and tomorrow ... 
I would like to wish a Happy Birthday to our chilly neighbors to the North ! 
Oh how I hate looking at pictures of myself 
My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular . ~ Adlai Stevenson , speech , Detroit , 1952 
Scouts wellness exam is today ... and < PROPFIRST>'s first experience with taking to dog to the vet . 
BREAKING\ 
NBA NEWS : LeBron < PROPFIRST > has decided to go with Team < PROPFIRST > 
You have to love a nation that celebrates its independence\ 
every July 4 , not with a parade of guns , tanks , and soldiers who file \ 
by the White House in a show of strength and muscle , but with family \ 
picnics where kids throw Frisbees , the potato salad gets iffy , and the \ 
flies die from happiness . You may think you have overeaten , but it is \ 
patriotism . ~ Erma Bombeck 
You know how a food trend is not so trendy anymore ? when it is on the menu at the < PROPFEMALE > Garden . I was not ready for pomegrante flavored drinks to die when I had to dish them up at the og , but polenta was something I was ready to move away from ... 
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the \ 
home of the brave . ~ Elmer < PROPMALE > 
I love fresh spinach , but I need to remember to rinse better ... gritty pasta sauce is no good ... 
Stay Cool Atlanta ! 
BREAKING NBA NEWS : LeBron < PROPFIRST > has decided to switch teams ... He's now on Team < PROPMALE > . 
Best thing about < PROPMALE > is proximity to Cedar Point , and LeBron may \ 
have been too big for some of the rides . ( Thank you DNW ... as always the master of words ) 
I would like to take a < PROPFEMALE > moment to point out how stupid Izzo would have been today if he would have gone to the Cavs , heres for having a smart honorable man as a symbol of MSU ! 
I wonder what a normal life is like ... 
So , I should not be allowed anywhere near wet plaster in a construction site . I accidently touched it EVERY time I walked by it today at work . At least I made my < PROPFIRST > on the new expansion . :P 
How in gods name did I poke myself ? 
Happy Birthday Dad ! 
Well I guess my Friday night plans are shot ... why is everyone going out of town ? 
I have 2 statements :\ 
1 ) why am I always attracted to the loudest toy or the the one with the most pieces when I am shopping for a kids birthday ? \ 
2 ) My fault it rained yesterday Atlanta , I had my car washed , and I am not bitter about it 
It is better to be busy then bored ! 
Georgians , be sure to vote today ... our future depends on it ! 
Everyone can calm down , the entire cast of Jersey Shore has been signed to season 3 ... crisis avoided ! 
What kinda of an ahole builds a five guys next to a curves ? I can smell the fries and burgers the entire time I am working out ! One of these days I will not be able to resist ... 
Happy Half Birthday to me !! 
am I crazy for wanting to take Scout to Bark in the Park to see a Braves game ? I think that it would be fun ! 
Cannot wait for the season of Man Men to start tonight ! 
I feel like I am in the twlight zone ... 
is desperately trying to believe in the power of positive energy ! 
Again tonight the world will get a glimpse into the world of poufs , GTL and fist pumping . Any bets on who will get into the first fist fight ? 
Favorite Jersey Shore moment of the night : girls catfighting in the first cab ... guys silently looking out the window in the second cab 
Making a Double Chocolate Birthday Cake ! I am excited to honor < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
Big Ten Media Days has me ready for a sucessful football season MSU ! 
Happy Primary Election Day Michigan ! 
I need to fire comcast , and I think I like direct TV for cable , who do I turn to for internet without a house phone ?!? Please discuss ... 
The lady at the polling place thought I was \cute\ " so she gave me 2 GA voter stickers ... I am suck a civicly minded nerd . " 
Making spice rubbed pork chops , with black bean and corn salad , and corn on the cob and green beans for dinner . Sounds so yummy ! 
Webinar trainning WAY too early ... 
Hey I am a < PROPFEMALE > Voter today , are you ? 
Its like Christmas at work today ! Everytime I get up there is a gift in my chair ! 
Today is already looking up ! 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
More webinar training ! Lucky me ! 
Poor Poor < PROPFEMALE > Garden Servers , today starts never ending pasta bowl ! 
Hey East Lansing Dwellers : Today is meet the spartans ! 
Finally starting to cool off after months over 90 degrees ... I can feel fall around the corner ! 
Happy Birthday little Scout ! She is 4 today ! (that is an entire paw ) 
Happy 30th Anniversary Mom and Dad ! I am so glad and proud to be a part of your lives ! 
to my neighbor that was screaming at his super cute puppy in the parking lot : I am sure that your puppy heard you ( because scout sat from across the lot you were so aggressive in your tone ) but either she was not LISTENING or has not been properly taught what sit means . Increasing your volume is not going to help with either . 
Happy 30th Anniversary Mom and Dad ! I am so glad and proud to be a part of your lives ! ( for real this time .. ) 
sick , and the air is out at work , so I feel feaverish as well ... it is going to be a long day ! 
I cannot believe that I have been with < PROPFIRST > 6 years today ... still happy to be stuck with you ! 
One more day until the weekend ! 
2010 MSU Football Captains : Kirk Cousins , < PROPMALE > Jones and < PROPFIRST > Bates . Its going to be a great year , I can feel it in my green blood ! 
Have you ever put on a new perfume and then half way through the day were scared that you stink ? 
So my Direct TV appointment was \lost\ " ... they are quickly losing a customer " 
I think that < PROPFIRST > Schrader Holleran is a good luck charm , because we won FIRST PLACE in trivia tonight ! 
Yea < PROPFEMALE > night !! I love award shows , its like my Super Bowl ! 
If you had to pick a personal theme song , what would it be ? 
Does anyone else find it ironic that Mad Men wins for best drama series while a new episode is playing on AMC ? 
I hate when someone mistakes you being nice with you being able to be taken advantage of ... learn some humility and manners and maybe I will think about helping you sometimes 
This is the time of year that I feel the most homesick , I am reading all of my family's status messages about going camping and I wish I was going too ... 
Thank God it is a 3 day weekend ... and MSU FOOTBALL ! 
Fight Fight Fight Team Fight ! Victory for MSU !! Beat those Broncos !! 
Back to the grind ... its going to be a great week ! 
Hey Spartans ! Who was the first man in NCAA history to get a triple double in basketball ? this was a trivia question I aced ! 
Scout ate an entire pack of hot dog buns for dinner . Second time this week she has gotten into bread , and the umteenth time she has gotten up on the table and eaten < PROPFIRST>'s food . I wonder why it keeps happening ... 
I remember 
the more I think about 9-11 , I am irritated by how our country remembers such a tragity . There should be parades today to slap those monsters in the face that did this to us , and to mock their countymen that partied in the streets while our country and stood in grief over our loss . Nine years later we are still a great society , and they are still living in a sand box constently at war over non productive lands . 
Lets go STATE !! Stuff those Owls !! ( also go nittany kittens and < PROPFEMALE > , just for this week ) 
So I am watching the MSU game now because < PROPFIRST > and I had work ( btw thanks for ruining the game facebook ... ) Is it just me , or are the commentators the worst you have ever heard ? 
Offically a Direct TV subsctriber . I signed up for ATT for internet , but I am thinking about clear now .... our neighbors get a great signal 
Could you see me in the legal field ? 
< PROPFIRST > needs to get our home internet up and going .... 
wishes she was anywhere but here 
Ok facebook ... i need your help : should scout be a squirrel or a < PROPFEMALE > for halloween ? Yes i realize she is a dog thank you very much ! 
I wish I could remember that ND night game in 2004 that ruined tailgating forever ... I know I had a good time . GO STATE ! 
I am pretty sure < PROPFIRST > just woke up the entire complex and caused the dog to piss on herself he was screaming so loud . So ballsy . 
Did anyone else notice the punter looked like he was 
Press Conference at 1pm to confirm that Coach Dantonio suffered a mild heart attack . Prayers go out to his family and his players . 
Glee starts tonight !! 
one step forward and two steps back 
Happy first day of Fall , even though you wouldnt know it in Atlanta , it will be 91 degrees today ... 
Did anyone else have fun last night trying to identify witch parts of detroit 187 were filmed in Detroit and witch were filmed in Atlanta ? 
I purchased my ticket to come home for the week of Thanksgiving ! 
Lets go Spartans , beat up those bears !! 
Manic Monday 
I keep thinking about that woman on Amazing Race hitting herself in the face with the watermelon ... at least I have something to smile about ! 
Of course now my tickets to go home are $20 cheaper then when I bought them ... I guess I will call airtran later 
I had to laugh last night watching Detroit 187 , all the polish names ! I hope to see more refrences to the polish community in the rest of the eppisodes 
Wow , < PROPMALE > Giraldo and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > died yesterday ? 
Scout is going to the pet blessing at Holy Spirit today . She was blessed two years ago , but I am not sure it counted because right after she pooped in the memorial garden . Either way , that dog needs as many blessings as she can get ! 
Its Badger hunting time !!! GO GREEN ! 
I am pretty sure that today is actually sunday , but the whole world just miscounted ... 
Um , I just about wet my pants last night when puck was singing only the good die young .... he is just too good looking ! Grilled cheesus he is hot ! 
How does a U of M grad screw in a light bulb ? Thye put the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them ! 
Let's make it 1070 Days Spartans ! Time to Kick some skunk bear ass ! GO GREEN !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bunyan will need to start paying property taxes to East Lansing ! Can anyone else smell roses ? 
I am so , so sunburnt from standing outside watching the pride parade yesterday ... it hurts to wear clothes ! 
I am a crazy magnet today , I just want to go home and hide under my bed like scout until tomorrow ! 
Happy Homecoming Spartans ! Did you hear who Dantonio asked to come and meet the team ? Can you feel a top ten ranking ? i can ! GO GREEN ! 
It sure looks like < PROPMALE > Butler had a great time at MSU this weekend ... He was spotted at Midnight Madness , the team's movie night , at the homecoming game , and apperently at the Riv and the Shark after the game . MSU's newest fan ? 
Why is it so hot at work today ? 
When you are undefeated , every game is a big game ! Time to take the kittens to the pound Spartans !!! 
I think I am going to throw up .... 
I have a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach ... 
Why do you look at me like I am dumb ... you know I am smarter then you 
So , ever since we switched to att internet , the wireless does not work . Anybody in Atlanta know anybody that can help me with this ? 
I am starting to get that feeling in the pit of my being that I get before Tourney games ... this is THE biggest game I can ever remember for MSU football ... 
Lets go spartans ! Prove every sportscaster wrong and put a big nail in the < PROPFEMALE > bowl coffin ! 
Dear Spartans ... WHAT IN THE HELL ARE YOU DOING ! WAKE UP ! love K 
Thats it , I am starting to drink ... alot 
well ... that was the worst Devils night in recent memory ... 
Check out Scout dressed as a Squirrel . 
The Bomb Difusion robot is outside ... offically a strange day ! 
Hey FB do not forget to go vote today ! If you dont ... you lose the right to complain about our government . 
My personal indorsements for today : Gwinnett County Commission ( GA)- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Byars . MSU Board of Trustees-Mitch Lyons . I know < PROPFIRST > and he is a stand up guy , and I have met < PROPMALE > , he will help keep the board balanced and student focused . 
When we went to bed last night , all three of us were sharing the huge blanket . I woke up in the middle of the night , and < PROPFIRST > was completely uncoverd , I had a < PROPFEMALE > square , and Scout was rolled up like a joint in our < PROPMALE > sized blanket . All I could see was the tip of her tail and one paw . Greedy little dog ... 
RIP Spark < PROPMALE > ... 
Gee thanks Private Practice , I am pretty sure I am not sleeping tonight 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day everyone . Be sure to make your revolutions , if not successful , at least memoriable ... 
Congratulations Mr and Mrs Kruse !! We are so . so happy and excited for you . 
Well , now that Michigan is poised to go to the Pizza Pizza Bowl , the question becomes , do we go and cheer for CMU ? They were my back up school ... 
Should I at all be concerned that both my High School and College are sending teams to the Quidditch World Cup ? Grown people running around with cleaning aids between thier legs makes me sad ... 
HOW DID WATER GET INTO MY PHONE ? Off to get some rice and say a little prayer ! 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond Honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Thank you from the entirety of my heart to all those who have served , and still serve . 
Go Spartans .... beat those Eagles ! 
Go PSU , NW , and Purdue ! Momma needs a < PROPFEMALE > Bowl ! 
Rain Rain go away come back next week when I am in Detroit ! 
Detroit get ready cause here I come ! 
All of these domestic detroit grown cars make my heart happy 
i have been so busy ! < PROPMALE > potter with < PROPFEMALE > last nighti , and dinner with the fam the last two nights , coffe and < PROPMALE>'s nails this morning .... I miss my puppy , i guess < PROPFIRST > too ! 
So , do any of my michigan buds want to join me at docs for trivia tuesday night ? Just a thought 
Running some errands and baking day . I cant wait for thestuffed cabbages for dinner ! 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicaps not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour to spread the awareness ? It is ... Special Education Week 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! I want to give thanks that the worst thing I can expect today is to stay in a safe warm house with people that love me and except me , eating a hot meal and then going to bed in a soft warm bed . We have it so good here ! Missing my love and my dog today ! 
Holy shit it is so cold ! 
Their specialty is winning , and ose Spartans play good ball ! LETS GO GREEN !! 
Lets fall on our asses bucks ! ( I just cannot bring myself to do it ... ) 
Michigan State Spartans 2010 Big Ten Champions ... damn that sounds so good ! 
Back safely in Atlanta .... with my offical Big Ten Championship tshirt ... talk about being at the right place at the right time ! 
CONGRADULATIONS TO BIG TEN COACH OF THE YEAR < PROPFIRST > DANTONIO !! 
I guess today is shelter pet day , so I am going to tell you about my shelter pet scout . When we adopted her 4 years ago , she was 12 lbs , had bald spots , and scared of everything . After trainning and love at home and contant spoiling , she is about 20 lbs and still scared of some things , but very confident most of the time . She is truely the pup that was ment for me and I cannot imagine my life without her ! 
I cannot pick a favorite on top chef all stars .... ok maybe < PROPFIRST > bourdain ... 
We go through this every year with Duke ... we are a spring team .. must not have freek out fest . 
Decorating for Christmas ... need to get some supplies from the craft store first 
So great to see sparty on the floor at < PROPFEMALE > square garden ! 
What better way to put off doing anything by watching a Diaria marathon .... 
My favorite part of christmas shopping ... walking down the wrong isle in the parking lot with drivers following you and the irritation when you dart between cars 
Epic fail big ten ... 
Christmas cards are done ... onto the wrapping ! 
It is really sad when the smell of ham makes you think of christmas ! 
Ill be home for Christmas , you can count on me 
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... everywhere you go ! 
Five Gold Rings ! 
Yea .... the days are going to get longer now ! 
Oh I hope it snows on Christmas ... there is a < PROPMALE > 
Happy Birthday to the dog that spilled my coffee and pooped on my pants . 
Three little hours at work and then I am homeward bound ! 
Does the fits of strength come before or after the airing of grievences ... I can never remember 
What do you think Spartan fans and alumni would do if our guys were caught selling big ten champ rings ? 
Is it wrong to use a movie advisory website for parents to find reasons to talk < PROPFIRST > into seeing Black Swan ? 
Cookies and cakes for tomorrow baked ... as well as a sweet treat suprize for tonight . I guess I have to start cleaning 
I wish I took a mental health day 
< PROPFEMALE > passed her emmissions ... now that I have paid for that < PROPFEMALE > will let me pay my birthday tax ... jurks ... 
Somebody charged a bunch of gas on my debit card ... now I have to go and get a new one and wait for the bank to give me my money back . I hate people who steal ! 
Sick days feel like such a waste . I guess I will have a < PROPMALE > to catch up on my Jersey Shore ... 
Black Swan was SO GOOD ! Just enough gore and crazy ... with true actor dedicaion and fantastic plot .. So far may favorite for a whole bunch of Oscars 
What do you have to do for a snow day michaganders ? My school is the only one in the area not closed tomorrow ! 
I missed snow 
Snow Day !! 
Do you think the movies will be open ? I could knock another < PROPFIRST > contender out today 
Well .. there is no way to get out of my complex 
Snow Day again tomorrow ! 
Just heading home from our adventure to kroger .... neighborhood snow day 2 
snow day hat trick 
Did anyone see the kid on the news who said he was spending his snow days \sledding and drinking\ " ? I almost spit my wine across the room " 
Finally possibility of a thaw ... not that I haven't loved my snowy day friends 
Well ... there go the school closings 
Atlantans go and give blood tomorrow . The hospitals are having to stop performing non life threatening procedures . You can just walk into any hospital 
Oh ... and I am off again tomorrow . So everest people you need to go to the hospital or blood bank . 
So tired of the school closings scrolling at the bottom of the tv ... just flash \Everyone Stay Home\ " before and after the comericals " 
Nothing in this world is free ... I have to work this Saturday and next Saturday because of the snow days 
Have to change up the trivia spot again , at least this one didn't close on us ... 
5 o'clock cannot come soon enough ! 
Why is everyone walking around looking like their dog just died ? 
I think I am spirialing into a quater-life crisis . I almost had a panic attack when I noticed the 30 year birthday cards ... 
There ain't no rest for the wicked ... 
I give them diabetes I am so sweet on the phone 
I just finished frosting my birthday cake ... Its Party Time ! 
Big chow grill lost their liquor permit .... nothing says happy birthday like a fancy lemonade ! 
Thank you facebook for all of the wellwishes ! You sure know how to make a girl feel loved ! 
So many < PROPFIRST > snubs ... I am not sure I am looking forward to the awards anymore 
Does anyone else want to reach through the tv and fix Boehner's ribbon ? 
Note to self : never watch the state of the union while on fb . One word : oompa loompa 
NOOOO ! 
I never thought that this years big green meltdown would be with the basketball team . What in Gods name is going on ? 
You know you live in a great place when you leave your phone by the pool after a bottle too much of wine and it is still there in the morning . 
Finally a basketball win 
A < PROPFEMALE > day after days of rain and gloom are my favorite 
< PROPFIRST > was laughing his ass off at the Dungeons and Dragons theemed Community until I gracefully reminded him how much time he spend on D&D ... suddenly not so fun 
Yellow and green cupcakes are done ... moving onto the meatballs and buffalo chicken dip for tonight . GO PACK GO ! 
Aw ... the Detroit ad made me both proud and homesick 
Possiblity of snow ... I have wine and cheese . I think I am good for pending disaster 
Everything looks like frosted mini wheats because of the snow . The flakes we get here are huge ! 
I hope everyone has a < PROPMALE > to let those they love know that they are appreciated ! Happy St Valentines Day 
So ... I am sad the guys could not pull it off last night , but I am proud that they are finally playing like they want to win . There is hope for the tourney 
RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > . I hope you find the big bookstore in the sky ! 
The dollar movie theater has new seats and shows 3D movies now ... I hope the price doesn't go up ! 
Dear neighbor that is using air conditioning , \ 
Open your window . The temperature is in the 60s . Duh . 
Scout is getting her teeth cleaned and I am a nervous reck ! 
So what do you call a basketball team that is litterly on the fringe of making the national tourney having to sell home tickets on groupon . SAD 
Way to go Lady Spartans !! Go Green !! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is a walking anti drug psa . The hair he was sporting was enough to make me aviod drugs ... 
Comeon Spartans ! How sweet would in be not only to beat the skunk bears in Breslin East ... but also to rip the tourney away from them as well today ... 
Total crap MSU basketbal ... 
Costco and the farmers market . < PROPFIRST > can't wait ! 
I have to settle for a sad little dougnut when I have been dreaming about is a Paczki . Happy Paczki Day to my Polish friends ! 
Hopes all oof this rain does not make me late to Ash Wednesday services after work . Atlanta freeks outs when anything is falling out of the sky ! 
I am starting to get that sick nervous feeling ... it must be tournament time !!! Time to go Hawkeye hunting Spartans !! 
Wow ... where has this team been all year ? 
Happy PI day 
So the world is in green today . We have an awesomly scary good player named green . Let's go Spartans !! 
