I'm finally on Facebook took me forever . I went through some names and wow I can't beleive how many people I know that are on this . 

We are heading out to the lake . 
< PROPFEMALE > had a fun time at the library today she made friends with another little girl her age . She'll have more oppurtunity with us moving to DayBreak where there are a lot more children her age . 
Walking through the store was difficult tonight I kept looking at all the sweets and the chips . I just had to keep thinking I've lost 11lbs so far and to just keep it up . 
Fun day we went to the lake again and I paddled more wondering if I'm going to be sore tomorrow . 
Found out yesterday < PROPFEMALE > has two cavities :( but at least we find a good dentist closer to where we are going to live . 
DD is finally taking a nap 
Just came home from Costco and visiting our small Aquariam . 
Is walking to the mail box so < PROPFEMALE > can mail her letter to \Papa \"." 
Wondering what to make for dinner 
Tried a new dish tonight delicious . 
We had a good day at church and now it's nap time . 
Stupid driver award for today : We were on our way home from church and I looked over and saw a driver going 60mph ( posted speed limit ) using one hand to talk on the cell and the other to drink from a Starbucks ( cold ) cup . 
I can't believe I'm about to hand out another stupid driving award today . Today I look over and see a woman talking on her cell using one hand and on the other she was text messaging . Yes , she had two cell phones going at the same time . I think she missed the report that here in Utah if you get caught text messaging and driving it is a minimum $750 fine . At least she wasn't going 60mph . 
Preparing for FHE a day late since dh had things last night that couldn't be avoided . 
Yeah , we have our pre-sheetrock walk through next week !!! 
Long day only four hours of sleep and a lot of driving hopefully < PROPFEMALE > feels the same way . 
< PROPFEMALE > is obsessed with her b-day and it's not until may . She keeps telling us she is going to be 4 in May . Today she told me she is going to have 4 parties on her birthday and she keeps bringing us birthday cakes ( aka Pillows ) . Now she is having a birthday party . 
Dear friends that invited me to do Youville I tried but with having dial up it took way to long maybe when I move but for now I'm not going to do it . 
I need to make sure I put my keys up high < PROPFEMALE > has decided that she likes them . Today I spent almost 30min looking for them and finally < PROPFEMALE > remembered she put them in her block bucket . 
Is going to the park and picking up the mail . 
Let's remember those that lost their lives today 8 years ago . 
Was planning on going to the State Fair tomorrow with the local Home Schooling group but in-laws in town and we get to show off where our new place is and maybe go to the zoo and see the baby elephant . :) < PROPFEMALE > is going to have fun w/ the grandparents . 
I hate not having everything unpacked since we were going to be here for less then 5 months we didn't unpack everything . Well today I found a muffin mix and was thinking \oh those sound good\ " . I'm just glad I realized my muffin pans were packed before I mixed everything up . " 
We went to the aquariam today and had fun though it was busy I really like going on the weekdays . 
Hey need a favor since all of my cookbooks are packed away I need someone to find me a recipe . It's in the Red and White checkered book I believe it's < PROPFEMALE > Crocker may be wrong but it is the Cream Cheese Frosting recipe . < PROPFEMALE > 
Had a much needed nap today I just hope I can go to sleep tonight . 
Back from the park and the library now gettint the gumption to make some pumpkin chocolate chip cookes that I had planned on making Sunday but was too tired . Then when < PROPMALE > get's home from his class dinner , FHE , and desseret . 
The cookies last night came out good even with me buying pumpkin pie mix instead of just plain pumpkin . Liahona liked FHE and really got a lot out of it . We even went to bed earlier then normal and feel rested today . 
Nice day at church keep wondering when we are going to split Relief Society is so full we can barely fit . 
Had fun today we went to Cabellas and < PROPFEMALE > liked looking at the fish and stuffed animals . I was able to finally go to Archives a really nice scrapbook store in Orem wish I had more $$$ so I could have bought more but I was good . 
< PROPFEMALE > had two cavities filled today poor girl but she did real good . 
Had fun at story time today at the local library . 
Went to the zoo today and saw Zuri the baby elephant she was adorable today . 
I can't believe dh and I have been married for 11years already wow time sure flies . < PROPMALE > was able to get today and tomorrow off for a extra long weekend . 
Is dissappointed today < PROPFEMALE > has a nasty cough and we couldn't go to Story Time today and I can't go to Enrichment tonight . :( 
Our new place is coming along went today and they have the cabinets in the building but not up yet . I'm getting so excited !! 
Had fun today looking for my keys < PROPFEMALE > thought they needed to be someplace else . 
Had a fun last two days in-laws came on Mon . and we all went to the zoo to see the baby animals . We couldn't show our new place because they had poured the cement for the driveways . :( 
Today we are going to Storytime and the Aquariam . 
Off to the park while the weather is still nice . 
Just got back from having < PROPFEMALE > tested at the school district and she scored really well so all she needs is just speech theapy yeah !!! It is only going to be once a week for about 45min . 
Dh took < PROPFEMALE > for the day so I better do other things besides play games all day 
Having fun researching washer , dryers , and refrigerators for our new place . 
Had fun again at storytime . 
3 is way too young to be a back seat driver . 
Frustrations with our new place again I'm just glad that I went by today they were going to put in the wrong carpet pad . 
Just made Lehi Mills multigrain muffins with chocolate chips . 
I just want to mention that if any of you have recieved multiple School of Wizadry invitations that I only sent out and only to about 4-5 . If you have recieved them let me know because there are others that have had the same problem . 
Thank you to all who have wished me a Happy Birthday . 
Need to get ready for church . 
Qwest messed up our < PROPMALE > again being overcharged is a pain we'll have to call and deal with them tomorrow . 
Fablehaven 5 Keys to the Demon Prison is coming out March 23 2010 I can't wait . 
< PROPFEMALE > is making herself a pb and < PROPFEMALE > sandwhich all by herself you have to love the independent stage . 
Our flat is coming along nicely went by today can't believe that it's almost done . We also went to the Aquarium today per < PROPFEMALE>'s request it is always fun watching her look at all the little sea creatures . Today she loved watching the Sea Horses and as always the sharks . 
I have recived all the Conjunctivitis spells that I need so please share with the rest of your order if you still don't have 20 let me know and I'll try to help you as much as possible . 
Had to sign a paper for our new place and since we were in the area we went to the aquarium again . We also went to the library which is always fun . 
So far no tric or treaters < PROPFEMALE > is a little sad I told her we'll have a little party if no one shows . First time here for Halloween so we'll play it by ear . 
SOW Gift List please let me know if you have recieved my gift for today I sent it and I was told that Facebook had reported the < PROPFEMALE > to be abusive . I tried again and told me I already sent out my limit of gifts . So if you are on my list please let me know . 
Had fun today so far went to the Library and then the park that's right there spent over an hour watching < PROPFEMALE > have fun . I feel bad for her though because she is only 3 even though she looks like 5-6 and the younger kids ignore her and the older kids get frustrated because she plays like a 3yo and not a 5 or 6 yo . 
My dd is eating her vegtables today by finishing off the Pace Picante sauce . She loves the spicy food she loves eating those peppers found in the < PROPFEMALE > Garden salad . 
Dear friends yesterday I decided to block some applications FarmTown being one of them . I decided that I was spending way too much time on the computer I have kept Farmville , School of Wizadry , Fish World ( dd likes feeding the fishes and cleaning the tank ) , and a few others which I may do every now and then . I just couldn't keep up with all the requests . 
Liahona has an appointment with the school speech therapist since her last evaul . was over 5 months ago . I'm hoping that she has improved enough that she doesn't need the therapy . 
I also wanted to say Thank You to all the brave men and women that fight for our country and sending out extra love to those in Fort Hood this Vetrans Day . 
I am thankful that < PROPMALE > was able to get Christmas Day off this year . It'll be the first Christmas that he has had off in who knows how long . 
< PROPFEMALE > Silvers-Davis I CHALLENGE you this Month : Post a THANKFUL STATUS UPDATE EVERY DAY until Thanksgiving Day . Be specific . Get creative . Watch your spirits soar ! CUT & PASTE this and share your grateful heart with all your friends ! 
is thankful for a a beautiful daughter that gives us lots of hugs and kisses . 
is thankful for having a wonderful husband that works hard so I can be a stay at home mom . 
Why are people so inconsiderate now days ? I had to yell at someone to turn down their car radio come on it's midnight and I'm several townhomes down and I can hear it in even with all my windows closed . 
is thankful that we are finally home . 
On the slow computer at the library while < PROPFEMALE > is attending speech theapy bored out of my mind . First time where I've left her somewhere other then Nursery and family babysitting . 
It's almost like Christmas when you unpack things you haven't seen in 9 months . 
I'm thankful we still have three weeks before we need to be out of here and have it cleaned . 
ATTENTION ALL FACEBOOK USERS How to stop adding new friends posting on everyone's walls . -Go to top of Facebook home < PROPFEMALE > and arrow over Settings - Click Privacy Settings - Click News Feed and Wall - Uncheck the last three items under Recent Activity PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS : ) Thanks ! 
http://www.pjtv.com/video/Louder_With_Crowder/The_Real_Guantanamo_Bay/2717/ 
Is thankful that even though we procrastanated that the refrigerator will be in our new place before we move in and that the w/d will be in only a week later . 
Hope everyone has a fun Thanksgiving and for those at work hopefully the passengers are pleasent for a change . ;) 
Bought < PROPFEMALE > the dollhouse that < PROPMALE > is going to put together for her and of course since < PROPMALE > is at work so < PROPFEMALE > was with me when we bought it . Don't know if it will be for Christmas or her birthday yet but at least we have it . 
Can't believe that there is only a week left before we have everything at our new place . Sick and tired of driving back and forth with small loads . The only good thing is I don't have to worry about unpacking and organizing the entire place since we've been doing that the last few weeks . 
When doing your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to the address below : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW Washington , D.C. 20307-5001 -----> If you like this idea , re-post it on your status and make a soldier's day 
Yeah , in about 48 hours we we'll be out of here and totally in our new place I really can't wait sick and tired of moving and living in boxes . 
It seems like since we live in a new construction that we aren't going to get a phone and internet connected as soon as we were told . It may even be as late as the 18th so I won't be posting for awhile . 
YEAH !!! We have phone and internet service now after spending 3 hours on the cell yesterday and sending e-mails to the local Qwest represenitve and our builders low and behold it works . They still don't know who screwed up or why just glad it's cleared up . 
While out and about today we also bought ourselves a eletric wheat grinder I'm excited so now instead of hand grinding wheat all day it'll only take a few minutes . Can't wait to make some homemade wheat bread . 
UGH I accidently blocked Farmville so I lost 30 gifts can't believe I did that so if you can send me presents . 
Downsizing my games again thought I could do Rollercoaster kingdom but that is too much I really haven't even done farmville for the last two weeks . I'm also stopping Castle Age don't play it much anyways and I'm not adding any new games as this time . 
I love the tree topper we bought today . After years of searching we finally looked at < PROPFEMALE > Pan trading and found just what we were looking for . It was the only one that we saw . 
Ten more minutes and home made bread w/ freshly ground wheat will be coming out of the oven . I'm so glad dh bought me a ELETRIC wheat grinder as a early Christmas present . 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not afraid of Christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world . 
Finished Christmas shpping today all we need now is Egg Nog for Christmas dinner but that will have to wait because we would drink it if we had it . 
DD found a piece of wrapping paper I left on the floor now she is going around wrapping her toys and giving them to me as a present to unwrap . 
o )) aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
O . K I'm very frustrated I had a reciepe for rolls you could freeze and take out another day and I can't find it . I saw it during the move and put it somewhere so I wouldn't lose it , of course now I can't remember where that is . I was hoping to get that done tonight so it would be one less thing for tomorrow . 
Rolls and cinnamon rolls in the freezer ready for Christmas day . Sugar cookie dough in the refrigerator ready for tomorrow to make cookies for < PROPFEMALE > and as < PROPFEMALE > said Daddy wants some too . Frosting for both the cinamon rolls and cookies in the refrgerator . On the list for tomorrow besides sugar cookies , peppermint patties , and maybe fudge . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s asleep , presents under the tree , and cinammon rolls rising all that is left to do is to take care of < PROPFEMALE>'s cookies , maybe leave some reindeer tracks and head to bed . 
I want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and to remember the true reason behind this holiday . Our Savior loves us all and wants us all to return to him someday . 
Is glad I realized what I thought was potatoes was frosting before I added corn for < PROPMALE>'s lunch . 
Saw a accident today three cars involved a car took a right turn and skidded into a car that was in the left turn < PROPFIRST > who was hit with so much force it hit the car in the next < PROPFIRST > . I wish people would realize that when there is snow on the grond you can't drive like you do on a nice day . 
2011 I hope that you are better than 2010 . Hope everyone has a good new year 
\Look Mom there's a Snort \"" 
white 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . 
is thinking of her friends that are going through difficult times right now . 
To all my friends who don't play FV and those that do I sent a < PROPFEMALE > suggestion trying to see if it will work . Now I just have to wait and see . 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
Dd is hiding from daddy even though he won't be getting home for another 5 hours :) 
Worrying about what other people think is a time-consuming part of most teenagers's lives . 
is very sad right now a former someone we knew just lost his wife who is around my age . 
trying to decide what book I want to finish first I really shouldn't read more than one book at a time . One book was so dry at the begining that I decided to read another book with it then the first book became interesting now I'm in the middle of both books UGH !! 
Yeah we're home from visiting sister in laws had a lot of fun playing Blink (<PROPFEMALE>'s favorite game ) but glad we're home now we are going to kick back and relax . 
I love recieving animal hugs and kisses from dd . 
I'm excited dd is starting to put two and two together when it comes to reading . I haven't pushed her and I'm letting her go at her own pace have taught her the letters and sounds and she has been spelling CAT lately so today I decided to test her and asked her how to spell other three letter words that end in AT she was able to so we pulled out the < PROPMALE > Books and she did a lot better than the last time two months ago 
I only did Godfather to get SOW Hall Passes and Mafia Wars to get the Hot < PROPMALE > Tractor for Farmville . I'm no longer doing any of these so I have blocked them in my applications . 
Finally followed through with one of my New Year's resolution to try a new reciepe each week this week was a Brown and White Rice Pilaf turned out good even though I had to fudge the reciepe . 
Here is a website to win some science kits from The Young Scientest there are three different ones . http://ordinarylifemagic.com/blog/2010/01/27/the-young-scientist-series-give-away/ 
FARMVILLE PEEPS : Before you publish anything , please click on the lock icon next to the publish button and change to everyone . Otherwise , we all don't get a < PROPMALE > to collect items , it just takes us straight to our farms . Thank you !! 
The funnest thing about teaching your child is seeing when things click in their head . 
I love it when people don't bank their money and then duel me on SOW I just made over $ 80,000 and even after she lost the first time she kept dueling me without banking her money . Yes , she did get some of it back but not much . They just don't realize how to equip themselves . 
I was just notified by message that people were sent invitations to \Foto Comments\ " I never sent them I clicke on one from someone else and it automatically sent them out . I appologize for that I should have known better . " 
is playing < PROPFIRST > and the lions den with dd . 
My mouse isn't working so I won't be able to send out any Farmville gifts today and some of the other games . 
I sent gifts to all my FV friends ( who sent me gifts ) and recieved the Cow when I went back to try again the names weren't there so hopefully it was sent or the cow had a lovely diet of bricks . 
Frustrated accepted a mystery gift recieved it but I also accepted something for my stable and it's nowhere to be found . 
5 more nais is all I need to finish my stable I already used all my gifts so I won't be able to repay the favor until tomorrow . Let me know if you need anything when you send me one . 
Farmville Friends I don't want to send gifts until I know who needs what for their stable . I can only send bricks and harness if you need something else that you can send me I can return the favor by hitting the send \thank you gift\ " I only need 3 Nails then I'm done . " 
LOL I have two Facebook pages open right now one with the new view and one with the old I can say this I like the old one better . 
If you want to see a vegtable turned into a musical instrument you have to see this http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=783_1265207701 
How do you unhide a game posts 
I have finished my stable if you need a harness or brick let me know . 
I'm grateful that our pediatrician has after hours care I think < PROPFEMALE > has a ear infection . After her tossing and turning for several hours last night and crying she finally told me her ear hurt even though I asked her several times if anything hurt . So needless to say I'm a tired momma waiting to take her tired daughter to the doctors in a little while . 
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to return all the gifts from Farmville today I have a list and those that didn't recieve one today will recieve one tomorrow . 
Yeah , taxes in the mail and now it's just waiting for weeks for our return . Wish we could of e-filed this year but too much paperwork needed to be sent . 
My husband only needs one more to raise part of his barn http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/reward.php?frHost=100000154374005&frId=bc786cd18a6a21206965c0a9c48e1aab&frType=StorageExpansionFriendReward 
Can't go to any of my applications all I get is a black screen 
My mouth is dry just spent over 45 minutes reading to dd she sure has a long attention span for a 3yo . 
Hope everyone is having a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s off to visit family . 
Farmville Friends , please stop joining groups , they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook , you will not get anything free . Please copy and repost so maybe we can stop it . Farmville has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams 
I hate it when telemareters call when you are just about asleep then you can't get back to sleep UGH . 
Just found out a friend of mine was attacked by her ex-husband last night and is in ICU will you please pray for her and her family . 
Back home from visiting the grandparents for their birthdays . < PROPFEMALE > really enjoyed playing with her cousins I really wished that they were closer . 
After being on the road for more than 4 hours I'm now going to enjoy time with dd and dh . 
During the Olympics do you cheer only for your country or does it depend on the event ? I usually cheer for my country but when it comes to ice skating events I cheer for the one that I like best . 
Just saw one of the < PROPMALE > women Bobsled teams crash I'm amazed that both of them walked away from that I really thought one would have been seriously injured . 
Science Fair .. If you have a Wii , < PROPFIRST > kart and cell phone we would like your data . Play the game once or twice then 4-6 more times alternating talking on the cell phone . Write down your scores , your experience and age and email me it . So which state has the highest scores while driving with a cell phone ? ( For a friend of mine ) 
Today was officially the last day of the original < PROPMALE > that we came in , it is now split . We knew it was going to happen just when it was going to happen was the big unknown . I'm sad to see some of the < PROPMALE > members go to the other < PROPMALE > but also happy that our < PROPMALE > is going to be smaller so that I will get to know some of the other sisters better . 
I think it's funny what kids use to entertain themselves . Right now my dd has made a tower and a wall using toliet paper rolls . 
< PROPFEMALE > wanted to say \zoo < PROPFEMALE > to hi 3granny 4 fggnsedcvbnmy 123 " 
I just spilled a lot of little < PROPFEMALE > beads I'm going to be finding them for months . UGH !! 
We tried to catch a Leprechaun last night but he escaped leaving a pile of gold with one stipulation we had to pick the right one or else all the gold would turn into chocolate . Of course we chose the wrong one . Of course since we had tried to catch him he couldn't leave without doing a little mischief by turning our milk green . 
\The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money ! \ " < PROPFEMALE > Thatcher " 
several hours wasted today because the stupid doctor's office couldn't get their act together . Hate trying to find a doctor that knows what they are doing . 
I believe we need health reform but this < PROPMALE > is not yet I hope it doesn't pass but I believe that it will . 
2nd week in a row we have missed church because of sickness . Ugh !! I really do hate not going hoping that all of us are better next week . 
I am very upset that in < PROPFEMALE > our personal freedoms are slowly being taken away and some of the < PROPFEMALE > n people don't even realize it . I hope that in this next election people will wake up . It's nice that for four years we are going to be taxed for something that we don't even understand because they haven't been too forth coming with the < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > 51:5 And it came to pass that those who were desirous that Pahoran should be dethroned from the judgment-seat were called < PROPMALE > -men , for they were desirous that the law should be altered in a manner to overthrow the free government and to establish a < PROPMALE > over the land . 
Yeah !!! I just ordered all the Fablehaven series I can't wait to recieve them though it'll be another 6 days . Was hoping they would sell it as a set but they didn't . Went to buy it from Barnes and < PROPMALE > but found out that by going online I would save about $25 it's worth the wait . Though I do have it on hold at the library so I'll probablly have it read before I even recieve it . 
My little girl is growing up we bought her a full sized bed . :( makes me sad and :) happy at the same time . 
??????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ??????????? 
ISLAND OF PARADISE if you play please go to my profile < PROPFEMALE > and help me out with my cook book . 
Island Paradise I still need help on Recipies if you already done it I think you can help every 24 hours . 
I'm finished with SOW I did all the lessons had planned on building up all my animals and spells but I'm just tired of it so I am done . I've been done for awhile but I am still getting invitations so thought I would mention it here . If you only became my friend because of SOW then you can delete me if you wish . 
You know you ate too much when there is no room for dessert . 
made choclate chip muffins with Liahona that are now in the oven . 
Yeah I\m finally home busy afternoon went to Thanksgiving Point and visited Farm Country and the Children's Gardens ( can't wait until they start the fountains ) . Then a few errandds and spent a lot more money at Emergency Essentials than what we had planned on . " 
FARMVILLE neighboors we are trying to do the < PROPFIRST > Field trip and we can accomplish this 24 hours from now if we can get another 2-4 more neighboors to help . We need another 250 Grapes planted and another 150 Cranberries ( if you harvest 2x ) 300 if you only harvest once . If we do this we will get the Gold and the Bus tractor . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . = 0 ) . 
Had fun today we went to Farm Country and the Tulip Festival today with how much we walked around I'm going to be sore tomorrow . 
Dh recieved a phone call in the midst of making brownies , so he asked me to finish it up and I asked did he add everything he responded everything except the mix and flour ( high altitude instructions ) so I did . 
Stupid FARMVILLE I'm about to quit all those c o-o p gifts were in my gift box until I was ready to put them out and now they are gone . Not to mention everything else . UGH !! 
My feet and legs are so sore we walked around the lake and checked out Soda Row . It was fun and one of the many reasons we moved here ( having access to a beautiful walking path ) 
dd just said \this is a dinosaur storm\ " in other words she heard thunder outside . " 
Protect your personal info !! As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non- Facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"" 
is trying to be good and not have seconds for dinner . I'll just wait for the fresh bread in the oven . 
After months of on and off colds it turns out that not all of them have been colds but some of them have been allergies . Last night was the full night sleep for all of us for the past week . Not to mention the previous times of what we thought were colds . 
just finished our first bucket of wheat !! We sure use it a lot faster now that we have a electric grinder I just love it . Nothing like homemade bread fresh from the oven and tonight we are making cinnamon rolls too . 
Ran a virus scan today and recieved a Med . and high threat UGH !! 
Saw a wonderful movie yesterday that was suggested by someone I know I'm just glad my local library had it . The movie is about two young teachers in Brookln one a Orthodx Jew and a Muslim . I just loved it the name of it is \Arranged \"." 
Hope everyone has a wonderful Mother's Day today ... Mothers , grandmothers , aunts , teachers , future mothers and any other woman that has a hand in raising children . 
I have a new camera it's my Mother's Day gift now I wish it was nice outside so I could really play with it . 
Please put this on your status if you have any friends or relatives who were killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My hope is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians while trashing the galaxy . 93% won't have the courage to post this . 
Dh hasn't been using Facebook lately and occassionally I go to his to help me out with some games . I don't usually touch his friend requests but today I noticed that he had one from a woman that didn't have any common friends ( which would mean that she worked wtih him or knew him from high school ) . She had taken her own picture of her back side wearing a thong . UGH !! Deleated it and will let dh know . 
is hoping that the trash is picked up from the overflowing trash container or she is going to have to use the construction one today . 
Someone screwed up and who knows how much that is going to cost us . We just found out that the electricity that we were paying for is not our own but someone else . So we spent more electricity then we were charged for . UGH !! 
I blocked Farmville I hadn't really been playing and it was taking up too much when I did sorry for the inconvience . I decided to block it because it was too tempting to start playing it again . 
I had minor same day surgery yesterday . I'm doing good still doped up but moving around a little more than yesterday . Just hate having to wake up every four hours so I can stay out of pain . I'm grateful for a wonderful husband that has been helping me out and a wonderful dinner brought in by a friend . 
I can't wait our dd will be home tomorrow . She has been having a lot of fun with her aunts up in Ogden . 
really hates cropping photos .. 
I'm going to finally type up the list of books we own . This way I don't buy doubles which I have been known to do . 
These teens are awesome this world would be a better place if there were more of them . \ 
http://www.ksl.com/?nid=148&sid=11121383 
I hate it when I get in the middle of the reciepe and realize that the ingridient that I thought I had I really don't . I'm just glad it was still early enough in the reciepe that I could make something else . So instead of snickerdoodles we have peanut butter cookies with just a little more sugar . 
If any of you work with the YW in your < PROPMALE > here is a awesome activity mainly for the older girls . \ 
http://www.sugardoodle.net/joomla/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=6242 
Just arrived home from visiting the in-laws we had a lot fun . 
Frontierville Friends I'm having trouble sending gifts tonight will try again tomorrow 
Fun morning .. woke up to our fire alarm then it went off and then on again . I called the fire department and told to evacuate fire truck shows up and they go in and then only to be told that I needed to change the battery . Turns out our ones here don't chirp but send out bursts of alarm . 
We had fun last night at the Lehi City Fireworks at Thanksgiving Pointe . Left at the perfect time and were told to use a shortcut by the employees probablly saved ust 20-30min . 
We just recently found out that < PROPFEMALE > has verbal Apraxia .. which basically means her brain knows what she wants to say and how to say it but her mouth can't do it . We are excited to know what we need to do so more people can understand her she had been attending speech for almost a year with no success . With this diagnosis we now know how to work with her and she will be getting the help she needs . 
Had fun today cheering on the South < PROPFIRST > 1/2 marathon runners . < PROPFEMALE > really got into it . 
I'm sick and tired of seeing signs that say something like \don't tear apart famlies\ " when it comes to immigration . For one thing when people come here illegally they know they can be deported back to their country . Why should a single person w/ no children be deported and not someone w/ family . You don't have to be seperated take your family with you it's your choice if you are seperated from your family . " 
Saw my mother , brother and two of my neices last night , wish it could of been longer . Liahona went to her first Birthday Party today and had a lot of fun . 
and her dd used old crayons to make new crayons today , they hoped to use the sun but it kept getting blocked by the clouds finally they just stucked them in the oven . 
Need a laugh a friend posted this :\ 
A guy was driving when a policeman pulled him over . \ 
\ 
He rolled down his window and said to the officer , \Is there a problem 
We had fun at the Farmer's Market in South < PROPFIRST > just discovered it last week , they really have some awesome prices . 
is waiting to hear from her husband what his new schedule is . 
Stupid Facebook anytime I try to Like something it says a error occured . 
My dh is in Oregon for work .. :( 
GratiTuesday !! This was started by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Evans as a fun way to express our Gratitude each week . I'm grateful that my husband will be home tomorrow night . 
I love hearing dd say \let's do school stuff \"" 
Yeah < PROPMALE > will be home in about 12 hours !!! 
My dd has such willpower she received a lollipop on Sunday and held onto it until today so she could show her daddy . 
is having fun listening to her husband tryint to teach their 4 yo how to play Sudoku . 
dd is painting a dinosaur and is fun realizing how to mix colors to make different ones . 
UGH !!! Why should money be the reason someone is accepted into the gifted program ? This is why are school system is failing because they make exceptions to those that are in a different income bracket . Hold everyone to the same standards everyone should score 130 no matter what . Talk about unfair . \ 
http://www.news4jax.com/news/22617540/detail.html 
A friend posted this and I'm curious about my friends answers . \ 
Where were you when the world stopped turning ? 
Have a fun filled day planned today we are going to the Farmers Market down town and then over to the State Fair . 
We are raising our daughter right the other day she saw some coins and she said we need to save that so we can go out to eat . I asked her where and she said \Olive Garden\ " so here is to all those cities banning toys in Fast food meals it's the parents responsbilities not theirs . My dd doesn't care about the toys . " 
A message from < PROPFIRST > District for Quality Education . If you want your voice heard , you may want to participate in this survey . You do not need to be a part of the JSD to participate . 
Show your support for famlies with autistic children in our community at this year's Daybreak 5k . For more information Daybreakfunrun.net all proceeds will be donated to a local non-profit organization . There will also be a health fair run by the UofU and other fun activites starting at 9am . 
Keeping eye on the Camp < PROPMALE > fire no flames just lots of smoke we are figuring it's about 15-20 < PROPMALE > from us right now . Looks like tomorrow will be a inside day . 
I see flames on the ridge UGH !!! 
\When plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men \ 
Prayers needed for someone I know they have had a child in their home for 1/2 of her life . She'll find out Monday if she gets to keep her or if their girl will be put into < PROPMALE > care again . 
have 5 cups of strawberry preserves in the freezer and 11 pints of salsa ready for the freezer .. all with < PROPMALE>'s help . I also made Freezer Cinnamon rolls today . 
Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve ~ < PROPMALE > Lewin ( shared by a friend ) 
Does anybody know of a good Neurologist in the South < PROPFIRST > or Riverton area ? 
Asher Brown , a 13-year- old boy in Texas shot himself in the head because he\ 
was bullied and tormented for being gay . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE\ 
BULLIES . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your\ 
status . 
I love Gneral Conference so glad to live in a area where all I have to do is turn on the T.V and not have cable or satelite and still get it . 
The end of another wonderful conference .. I can't wait for the Ensign next month so I can start marking it up . 
My dd is so sweet she made a place for daddy to lay down for the movie . She put two throw pillows on the floor a blanket to lay on and another one so he could cover himself . 
Long night dd is sick and kept waking up on and off all night . 
Finally finished typing out all of our books in the living room . I'm now working on < PROPFEMALE>'s books . 
dd is hillarious she just told us that she has homework and then wrote down bat , hat , cat , and car . 
Have a question what do you do if you keep getting phone calls from a company after you tell them not to call you . I just regestered this number on the dnc list so that won't help for another 30 days . 
I can now officially say we have over 500 books 
I love it that my husband and daughter are making chocolate chip cookies . 
with all the rain we received today was really missing those Texas Thunderstorms . 
Want to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes unfourtanatley I was sick on my B-day so we celebrated last night . I'm actually feeling like myself today though it seems my 4 yo was more excited for my b-day than me . She counted down for 14 days and would wrap presents ( her toys in blankets ) for me and I couldn't open them until we had cake . 
Here is a very interesting article on Entitlement involving children . http://www.meridianmagazine.com/lds-church-updates/article/6535?ac=1 
Well it looks like this stomach virus or whatever it is has hit every member of the family now . If it's the flu than the Flu shot didn't help this year and the one to have recieved it this year has it the worst . Glad I'm over it so I can take care of my family . < PROPFEMALE > seems to have it easy so far but she is at the begining of it so we'll see . 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , Who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , \ 
talented , fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of ... God . We were born to make manifest the < PROPFEMALE > of God that is within us . It's not just in some of us ; it's in everyone . 
< PROPFEMALE > is taking a nap so now I need to clean . 
Had fun trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least foran hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting .? 
Don't forget to vote tomorrow remember if you don't vote you have no right to complain . 
A Short Spelling Lesson : The last four letters in American ... I Can The last four letters in Republican ... I CanThe last four letters in Democrats ... Rats Couldn't help myself , it was just too good , reposted from < PROPFEMALE > who got it from one of her friends . 
The polls open in less than 12 hours here in Utah . 
Don't forget to Vote only 3 more hours here in Utah !!! 
This year I finally decided to vote who I feel will be a better candidate even if they will lose . I voted for neither Democrat or Republican for many of the races , by voting for Constitution Party candidates . I doubt Sligting will win so hoping Chaffetz will win if he doesn't . 
Happy with a lot of the election results .. I'm glad that we will be getting a new Speaker of the House . Maybe now Obama will be more then talk about being Bipartisen . 
Fresh bread out of the oven mmmmm !! Anytime I make some one loaf is gone in the first hour . 
I don't have all the details but a friend of mine just had the child she was trying to adopt taking out of her home . If you can send prayers to her home that the workers will get some brains and allow the child back into their home for forever . 
Don't forget Daylight Savings Times end so 1 extra hour sleep tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > has her first loose tooth we were worried at first thinking it was too early took her to the dentist and said since it's not hurting don't worry about it ( he didn't charge us yeah ) . I then talk to MIL later and turns out < PROPMALE > lost his first tooth at 4 years old so guess it runs in the family . 
Anyone have names of good Thanksgiving books ? 
Liahona lost her first tooth today :( she's growing up . 
Thanks to all those that serve or have served in the armed forces . Also thanks to all the wives , husbands , mothers , fathers , sons , daughters ... that support those that serve in the armed forces . 
Liahona has a cold again so staying home again ... UGH !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing her homework must be watching too much Little House on the Prarie 
Love homemade tortillas just wish I could make them round . :) 
I think it's funny that people don't think that a husband and wife can disagree on subjects . < PROPMALE > and I agree on many things most importantly we agree on the things that matter most to the both of us . The other things will sometimes we have lively discussions . :) 
Dear < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , It looks like people like President < PROPFIRST > Bush more than you how does that feel . Blubber all you want most people just tune you out . 
Just saw a fox wondering the neighboorhood < PROPFEMALE > really enjoyed seeing it . 
Wow that wind is crazy old man winter is going to making his appearence soon . UGH !! 
I really hate shoveling snow only to come home and see that 1/2 the area I shoveled they came through with a small snow plow . I could of saved a lot of time and energy of just shoveling the snow into the vacant parking spot next to mine . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXh7JR9oKVE 
Liahona participated in her first Primary program today it was so funny . For two weeks she would tell us what her line was and once she was up there she couldn't remember . Then for the last half hour she would sign things to me like tired , eat , water , and home . She signed tired several times I kept trying to tell her to wait but she kept signing . 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you are living what you read , he flees !! And when you are about to re-post this message , he will try and discourage you . I defeated him !! 
There are schools and day cares closing today because of the Blizzard coming our way . Everyone take care today be out only if you have too . 
Christmas tree all set up and turkey in the oven . Now I need to make the rolls and stuffing . 
We're still waiting for the storm on this end of the valley . 
Braved the blizzard to take out the trash and grab the mail . BRRR !! It's really cold out there . 
Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving . 
This morning was fun we had the fire department to our lofts and flats again . Was in our living room and shortley after turning on the TV heard a beeping sound . Thought it was the TV turned it off and it kept going turns out it was the alarm from the vacant condo below us . 
Earlier today I was talking with < PROPFEMALE > and she was talking about when she has babies they were going to sleep in her bed . I asked her why won't they have their own beds . She gives me this look and says \because my room is not big enough \"." 
I'm feeling adventures today we are going to use glitter ... 
OK not really a cartoon from my childhood but from my second childhoold ;) I love watching veggie tales with my dd . 
Love listing to the First Presidency's Christmas Devotional ... 
Just finished reading Little Women for the first time I wished one of my teachers would have encouraged me to read it instead of the drab books I was forced to read . 
\Daddy's a little bit smart he knows the days of the week\ " :) Liahona " 
Very frustrated Gas < PROPMALE > is overdue and I didn't recieve a < PROPMALE > at least it's only a few days late before I realized it . 
Guilty !!! I hope that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is locked up forever he doesn't deserve freedom . 
MMMM Mexican Enchiladas for dinner tonight . 
Great minds discuss ideas ; average minds discuss events ; small minds discuss people ? ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Traffic was horrible today taking < PROPMALE > to work . 
My sister posted this and dh and I had a good laugh --- \ 
Don't take life too seriously , nobody gets out alive anyways . 
If the Government can't protect top secret information from Wikileaks ... how can we expect them to protect our healthcare privacy ! ( Posted on one of my groups . ) 
Finished Little Men and now I'm reading A Christmas < PROPFIRST > . 
Tax cut for the Death Tax what a lie it was at 0% and now it's at 35% . < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi is such a liar . Why should people pay taxes on the money they alredy paid taxes on ? UGH !! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him ..... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . ( posted by a friend ) 
Remember this Christmas , when you're eating your dinner , smiling and laughing , that in another house somewhere , there's an empty chair where a Hero should be sitting . They gave up their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle for the Heroes that did not make it home and for those who are still serving in Afghanistan and Iraq ! ( Re-post this to show your respect ) 
I'm looking for a turtorial for making hair bows where extra ribbon hangs down . 
My sisters FIL posted this can anyone help \I have a soldier who is stuck at Ft Hood ... He needs a ride to the < PROPFIRST > TX Airport so he can surprise his MOM ... Any one know a friendly soul who could make his DAY ! Someone living near Ft . Hood Texas ???? \"" 
Bread rising , mixing up the freezer rolls for Christmas and then time to make some braided barretts for < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone . 
We're watching The Other Wise Man right now Jesus is about to die and Liahona is saying when Jesus dies he'll go to heaven and then he'll get ressurected that means he's alive again . In a lot of years I'll die and get ressurected that means I'll be alive again . 
Anybody knows what is happening at the Oquirhh mountain < PROPFEMALE > . We just drove by and saw like ten police vehicles ? 
Funny : A man was caught because in the commission of a crime he lost his wallet he later returend to the scene of his crime looking for it . I love dumb criminals . 
Long day today took < PROPMALE > to work the time was doubled because of the road conditions . Need to leave in 
Left at 7am this morning took Liahona to the doctor ( sinus infection ) now finally home and starving . 
\Your little boy loaded your pistols . How does he know to do such things ? \ " \ 
Last month finished Little Women read little Men and A Christmas < PROPFIRST > . Just finished Caddie Woodlawn and now I'm reading Lonesome Gods ( quoted it yesterday ) . So if you see my house is kind of disorganized you know why . ;) 
After over a month of tests we are glad to find out < PROPMALE > doesn't have as bad of a heart problem as first thought but a compresshion fracture and hopefully he will be having surgery next month . From our reading sometimes it takes years to figure it out because of differed nerve pains . 
Yesterday in the car < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were talking and < PROPMALE > mentioned that Pteradons were dinosaurs and < PROPFEMALE > goes no their not . After a minute of that discussion < PROPFEMALE > says I'll prove it to you at home . After work < PROPFEMALE > still remembered the conversation and proved to daddy that Pteradons were not dinosaurs . 
Loved going to church today haven't been for a month with picking up < PROPMALE > early from work because of his back and < PROPFEMALE > being sick . I really needed it . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Phillips is giving away FREE primary 2011 CD go to her Facebook fan < PROPFEMALE > click like follow the directions and pass on the word . 
Love Bonanza wish they still made family shows like that . 
Finished Lonesome Gods this past week I'm now waiting for Laddie from the library . So now I need to decide which books of mine that I sh 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are playing checkers and she just did a triple jumb that < PROPMALE > didn't see coming . 
How many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ?? Here's a task for you ! I'm requesting FB friends participate by responding to this post with comments of how you came to know me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same for you . You'll be amazed at the results you get . 
Prayers to those in Russia affected by today's bombing . 
I love it when my daughter sings the songs she makes up . 
Posted on my friends wall\ 
Parents who are afraid to put their foot down usually have children who step on their toes \ 
Chinese Proverbs quotes 
I am now CPR certified but they are going to change it again . 
Another doctors apointment done for < PROPMALE > and another two weeks off . The doctor is hoping that his back will heal with rest , care and medicine . Where the herinated disc is they rarely operate because of all the complications . They are going to do another type scan tomorrow to see how old the compression fracture is to see if they can do surgery on that . 
I'm so relieved right now there was a book I was 95% sure I had turned in but it didnt show . I even went to the libraries to see if I could find them and nope they werent there . Well just checked my card and it's no longer on there YEAH !!! 
My husband is glowing in the dark he just had a nuclear bone test done and was shot up with radioactive material . The 1/2 life is 6 hours . 
dd is making trophies basically little balls on top of a toilet paper roll and putting it on the book shelves . 
Waiting to hear from the doctor to schedule his surgery next week . 
This is just an observation . Some folks think they MUST use vulgarity to express their total displeasure with an event , a circumstance , etc . How about we all try VERY hard to keep it CLEAN . \Your Mama sure-nuff didn't raise you that way . \ " Please repost if you agree . Thanks " 
Everyone can be discontented if he ignores his blessings and looks only at his burdens . President < PROPFIRST > S Monson 
< PROPMALE > has to be at the surgical center at 8 am tomorrow glad that the in laws are here to help . I'm also hoping < PROPFEMALE>'s cough is nothing . 
< PROPMALE > is doing good he'll be home tomorrow morning . 
< PROPMALE > is home prescriptions filled now sleep . 
Is grateful for wonderful < PROPMALE > members one took < PROPFEMALE > for a few hours and another brought over dinner . 
Homeschooling Valentines Party today < PROPFEMALE > has been so excited about it she's been counting down since she first heard about it . She even did a countdown system by placing < PROPFIRST > 0-7 on our filing cabinet and taking down one each day . 
Back from the Valentines Party we had a lot of fun . 
< PROPMALE > had his follow up from his back surgery . Since his back still hurts he is now wearing a back brace for the next 6-8 weeks . He also has another week off of work . Since the herinated disc is where it's at they won't operate unless several criteria are met . Just glad it's around tax time and we are getting money back . 
We are doing a science experiment with beans and having them grow . Liahona keeps saying they are going to grow into 
We are selling a full size mattress for $50 
Watching Living Scriptures < PROPFEMALE > said \They fired < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > because he was bad \"" 
Watching Minute to Win It and they said the guy could win a millon dollars . Liahona goes \if we won that we could by a Lunchable\ " her eyes got big \ " two lunchables\ " her eyes got even bigger \ " 3\ " . LOL kids concept of money and what they want to spend it on . " 
< PROPMALE > is still off work per doctors orders . Right now we are looking into a second opinion . 
I hate acid reflux 
When the grass starts looking greener on the other side , it's time to water your own yard . ? \ 
( on my friends wall ) 
Very frustrated with an inept doctor today that doesn't know how to communicate . After two very bad experiences with UofU doctors we will never go back to them . IHC all the way baby . They actually take time to listen . 
Just reminded don't forget to move you clocks forward that means I better get to bed . 
That silly leaprechaun came and visited last night and escaped < PROPFEMALE>'s trap leaving behind his gold ( chocolate coins ) turned our milk green , and turned over our keyboard . 
Feeling very overwhelmed realtor coming to take pictures on Fri . 
My dd will eat pickles , onions , cheese , hamburger < PROPFEMALE > , bread , and lettuce . The only thing is she won't eat them stack on top of each other . 
Yeah I should have Beyonders in the next week or so if people are fast readers and turn it in right away . 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? ~ Repost if you agree ~ 
I am a gun owner . I do believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebook person has challenged all gun owners to put this on their walls . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are ... not afraid to show it , put this as your status ... 
Time for Conference Bingo 
Cool saw a member of our < PROPMALE > in the choir . 
Incredible weather we had 70 degrees a few days ago and today we have several inches of snow . 
Ever since seeing Tangled my dd has been Rapunzel . That first night she took some toliet paper and stuffed part of it in her shirt so it could < PROPFEMALE > down . Now she has some ribbon that we use and she walks all around the house with it . 
It'll be interesting to see what happens in the next few days . If the Democrats would of done their job and passed it in Oct . they would of been getting what they wanted but nope they didn't now they are blaming the republicans . 
We saw a herd of deer today in Daybreak it was a wonderful sight < PROPFEMALE > really liked seeing the \team of deer \"" 
It was announced today that our < PROPMALE > is splitting . Love that we will be attending the building that is almost across the street but will be missing a lot of the members . 
President Obama gave a little over 14% to charities Biden gave just over 1.4% Biden gave about $1200 more than we did and his income was over $ 300,000 more than us . I guess Biden wants to hold onto all his money just like they claim the Republicans do . 
The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think , than what to think -- rather to improve our minds , so as to enable us to think for ourselves , than to load the memory with thoughts of other men . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Beattie 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars make people drive drunk , and spoons make you fat . - Will Ferrell 
At this sacred season of the year , filled with the promise of renewing life , may we be more devoted and disciplined followers of Christ . May we < PROPFEMALE > him in our thoughts and speak his name with love . May we kneel before him with meekness and mercy . May we bless and serve others that they may do the same . \ - < PROPMALE > W . < PROPMALE > " 
Loving the leftovers from our early Easter dinner . 
UGH !! I can't remember the name or author of a series I read the third instalment comes out this year . It's about a girl who falls in love with < PROPMALE > who is from the past . Somehow he gets lost and she has to create a time door to find him . 
Wow Osama Bin Laden is dead . I wonder who is going to take over and how Al -- Qaeda is going to react . 
I'm wondering of any of my friends from CA now reside in or around Auroa ( sp ? ) CO like ten or fifteen minutes . 
In the car today < PROPFEMALE > said \we are going a haircut\ " we said \ " what\ " she said \ " A haircut is when you go a different way\ " We were like ahh a shortcut . " 
We bought a birdseed < PROPFEMALE > and have been visted by two American Finches which we named Meadow and Hopper . Hopper has now been bringing two of his brothers . It sure has been fun watching them . 
Need to stay away from library book sales and DI , I have bought 17 books this week . 
Liahona wants to say : i love you daddy i love playing games with you 
