bored as hell 

stalked livie yesterday :) 
wondering ....... is it just me or does Miley < PROPMALE > sound like she has a mouthful of shit in her mouth ? 
bored ................. saw a spider on the ceiling earlier ................... I wonder where it went 
feeling good :P 
omg < PROPFEMALE > pisses me off so much ! ( my sister ) 
can't believe school starts up in 9 days kinda happy cuz i'm bored lol . 
stressing out over ap english paper :( 
getting 4 teeth pulled on monday , just hope they can put me to sleep 
probably should study for a test on monday but i don't feel like it . 
oh so tired of school and it's not even second semester ;/ 
mad at the hole in my sock can't find a sewing < PROPFEMALE > :( 
can't decide if i should study for the ACT 
The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels : it is always the false ones that look the most real , the most brilliant . 
New < PROPFEMALE > was AWESOME ! 
Probably the difference between man and the monkeys is that the monkeys are merely bored , while man has boredom plus imagination . 
Going to DMACC next semester yay :) 
bored as hell ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sleeping over !!!!!!!!!!!! 
cuddling with my kitties :P sometimes they get on my nerves of how much they want to cuddle Grrrr 
Dreams are illustrations ... from the book your soul is writing about you 
A lot of people like snow . I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water 
watching a cat attack a ham sandwich .... halarious ! 
Oh how I've missed the rain :) 
Reading goverment for 6 hours sucks ! 
had a band of brothers marathon tonight . Watched all 10 , 1 hour episodes in one night :O 
Can faintlyhear weird music coming from the Hoover stadium 
it sucks when something you love to do causes you pain :( 
Hates to be confused :( 
Readdy to go home I'm sick of gov 
What if you could go back in time , and take all those hours of pain and darkness and replace them with something better ? 
Wishes people would understand I am not indecisive by choice ... It's an annoyance and great bother to me as well . 
love looking back at old memories :) 
?? t ? t ?? ???? ? ??? ??? ???? t ?? ??????? ?? t ?? ????? ??? 
making a < PROPFEMALE > costs two cents , a nkicel nine cents , and that makes no since . 
< PROPMALE > Bassett : Run for it ? Running's not a plan ! Running's what you do , once a plan fails ! 
first day of classes went well 
I guess someone had to be stupid at our graduation :( 
Some people just don't get the hint 
There is no \we\ " in summer . Only \ " u\ " and \ " me \"" 
People can be dumb sometimes 
If you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass , give me a call 
Treating the whole world as if it works for you doesn't suggest you're special , it means you're an ass 
cleaned out the fridge today , ew is all i can say . 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... 
People need to learn to mind their own damn business 
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss 
I have to get up way too early tomorrow :( at least i get Tuesdays and Thursdays off :) 
Waiting for time to pass and it's going slowly :( 
Mothers say the darndest things ! 
Can't wait to go home and relax ! 
I like fall , but I hate the allergies that come with it 
new cell number 3436703 
fell down the steps off of my deck , ouchy :'( 
Can't believe it's already Thanksgiving , time goes by fast ! 
so bored , nothing to do ! :( 
Got all B's for grades yay :) hopefully I can do as well next semester when I have calc 
Curiosity killed the cat , but for a while I was a suspect 
Waiting for my next class and I'm bored . 
Bummed that my iPod is dead :( 
frustrated that my left earbud won't stay in my ear !!!!!! 
TGIF !!!!! 
