Never been a better time than right now . 

Ready to go see the Hangover 
Sorry can't < PROPFEMALE > out this weekend guys ; the < PROPMALE > Brothers are in town 
Feelin dumb because i can't get past a simple part in wind waker 
you know when i'm down to my socks , it's business time , that's why they call em business socks . Oooh ... 
Don't know why I'm up this early . 
killed a chupacabra today . It was pretty sweet . 
feels like < PROPMALE > Pert just played a legendary drum solo on my body 
has been sweating off a fever ... a fever for more cow < PROPFEMALE > 
Finishing reading WATCHMEN . Gonna watch the movie after i do . 
Soooo .... WATCHMEN was awesome !! And the movie was actually fairly accurate . I did watch the directors cut though ... 
overslept and missed the block party :( 
It's Friday ! Who's coming with me , man ? 
Dominated some beer pong with J Dog last night ! 
Went the the Keg and Barrel for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday last night after some good jamming and beer pong . 
Watched < PROPFIRST > Brand's stand-up last night . Freakin Hilarious 
Enjoying my second of two days off . Gotta go back to Krispy Kreme tomorrow . God i hate donuts 
Just got off work and got clean . Ready for tomorrow's game ! 
Had a good night . Watched the Saints game at Wild Wings and enjoyed some good music and good beer at the Keg and Barrel . 
Yeah ! It's my Burfday !! 
Go see Inglourious basterds ! 
is aggravated . Too many life changes at once . 
ugh ... gotta work at 4 in the morning ... again . It'll be ok though . only six more days in a row ! 
is just checkin out the band's new phase shifter . So funky ! 
is about to watch the magnificent seven ! Classic . 
is bored to tears 
Ugh .. the boom boom room's closed all weekend . 
First Roundhouse Groove show ; opening for Purpetrator at < PROPFIRST>'s Boom Boom Room Saturday starting at ten ! 
Is ready for the show !! 
definitely thinks we should have a dislike option on facebook . 
enjoyed the hell out of the first Roundhouse Groove show . We rocked face and got another show within the week . Yeeaaa boooiii 
ugh ... not gonna get to go see soul rebels after all . 
< PROPFIRST > ass trick stepped on my sneakers ! poured < PROPMALE > salt all over me . 
is tired of being sick . Need to get better before band practice . 
Yeah Son ! Saints dominate another one . Who Dat ? 
writing songs is like pulling teeth over a long period of time . 
just dominated colt in an epic game of beer pong ! @Colt . 
just had a crazy dream . I won 130 bucks at an arcade where i met milla jovavich who was swedish and couldn't speak english . I then followed her to a train station and then to washington park where i had to defend her honor from a group of people who were deliberately stepping on her brand new phat farms . I kicked the one guys ass though . 
is about to go play some pool with J Dawg and Colt . 
Good night 
is going to rip the floor out of a house . 
is stoked for the Revivalists tonight !! About time they came back to the big bad burg . 
Had a blast for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday last night . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
hopes for a much more productive band practice today . 
had a pretty good jam day . Got five originals now . need a couple more before the october 22 show . 
steak and eggs for breakfast ! 
is ready for snarky puppy tonight ! Who's comin with me ? 
It's jam day again !! Gotta work on a new song today . Super Sweet . and the Saints won !! Who Dat 
can't help but funk it to ya . 
is feelin down again . 
just filled up his belly and is crunk for jam day ! 
Allman Brothers tomorrow !! After that I can die happy . 
Widespread Panic and the Allman Brothers rocked the house !! Thank God for < PROPMALE > Haynes ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a wheel . 
after being a shut-in for a week due to bronchitis i've finally left the house with a moderately positive attitude . Now i just gotta keep it and my health up til tomorrow night . Opening for < PROPFEMALE > taxi ! 
Dear Sexy Ladies : I love you all . 
Rocked the shit at the Boom Boom room last night . Special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Taxi and all the fans that made a great night for us . 
gots to get some yard work done before jam day kicks off . 
Jam Day !! I get by with a little help from my friends 
Fridays are always fresh days ... 
We are the dirt we're standing in , shaped by the ones who dug it first . 
Ugh ... for the first time i have a badass groove to write to but don't really have anything cohesive to say . Just a jungle of mixed emotions and metaphor with nuggets of wisdom sparsely thrown between . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > & co rocked the boco ! band practice before that . pretty good day overall 
Had a shitty dream this morning that i flew a plane that ran out of gas , which i somehow managed to gracefully land in my grandmother's kitchen , where i found someone microwaving a puppy . 
Well , americans , what nothin better to do ? Why don't you kick yourself out you're an immigrant to . Who's using who ? What should we do ? Well you can't be a pimp and a prostitute too . 
Wasting away the moments that make up the dull days 
is enjoying some < PROPMALE > n Cheese and Chicken Tenders 
The Roundhouse Groove show is tomorrow night at the boom boom room ! Be there or suffer the wrath of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Going to New Orleans tonight !! hells yeah . Everybody go see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Bearded Men o ' Steel at sidelines tomorrow ! 
Is thankful for new orleans , the saints , roundhouse groove , and all the sexy ladies . Amen . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is ours . To hell with the day . Sunlight is only gone take love away ; Raise up suspicions and alibis but i can see through tear-blotted eyes . --- Man I'm straight addicted to the Black Keys ! 
Shake em doooooown . We don't take no shit . See ya theeerrre down in the fiery pit . - Come see < PROPMALE > Fisher . I know I'm about to . 
Who Dat !!! Saints going all the way this year baby 
slow and cold , winter wind slaps you on your cheek again ... and it stings ... yeeaah it stiiings 
Go gold it's the way of the land . You know that silver ain't enough for the American man . 
Takin it straight back to 1999 with some Outkast . 
Gettin my new bed today ! 
where the hoodoo trance takes me , that's the way i go 
Jam Day !! Workin on new material ! Sweetness 
Bring tha noise !! 
gets to watch the saints kick ass and then jam day . I love Sundays 
Another Saints nailbiter and another win ! Who Dat !? Thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
How you gonna rock yourself to sleep when i give up my midnight creep , girl ? How you gonna get that deep when your daddy ain't around here to do it to you ? 
Roundhouse Groove and Vanilla < PROPFEMALE > Christmas special tomorrow night ! Be there or get a lump of coal in ya stockin ! 
I want < PROPFEMALE > Fox for christmas ... and jazzfest tickets 
Happy Crimmus everybody ! Holla at me 
Help me remember how to be good ; how to continue when i feel i really shouldn't . 
Finally finished writing the new Song . Two days and one funky ass Song in the bh ain't too shabby 
Silence ; there's somethin about silence that makes me sick . Cause silence can be violent sorta like a slit wrist . If the vibe was suicide then you would push the button but if you're bowin down ... then let me do the cutting !! 
There's just no tellin what a satisfied man might do 
Band practice then a couple of new year's shows . Looks like it's gonna be a musical year . 
Is eating the blandest soup of all time . It tastes like the Chunky soup people hired < PROPFEMALE > Keller as their product tester 
Want some whiskey in your water ; sugar in your tea ? all these crazy questions people askin me . This is the craziest party there could ever be . Don't turn on the lights cause i don't wanna see . 
is stoked to go back to school Monday ! 
All i wanna know is ... \Who's comin with me ? \"" 
Time for a fifteen minute bongo solo . 
First day back at school . My english teacher gave us a writing assignment on < PROPFIRST > clapton lyrics . Now if i can just con her into some zeppelin ... 
Express Yourself !! 
Go ninja Go ninja Go ! 
Five hours of biology coming up ... but i have the revivalists to look forward to tonight . Boom Boom after static charade 
Friday night , party lights ; you were actin like everything was alright . But later on with no one around ; had me fightin for air , layin on the ground , oh lord 
Black and Gold Superbowl !! Who Dat !? 
Pants on the ground , pants on the ground , lookin like a fool with ya pants on the ground 
Hopefully today's band practice will wield some positive results . 
and my full day of school starts now . 
Swimmin in the oceans , deep inside your doses , runnin through the roses ; Funk is everywhere ! Funk is everywhere ! 
One nation under a groove 
Is ready for some Saints domination ! 
Is still in shock from that amazing display of football prowess . It was a good game on both sides of the ball but ... Who Dat !! 
Off to the magical land of world civ ! 
I'm the one that's gotta die when it's time for me to die , so let me live my life the way I want to . - Hendrix 
Rock me away to school , < PROPMALE > Haynes . 
I'm on the road , yeah . Wind in my sails like a summer breeze . I hope I can love what's in front of me . Manifest < PROPFEMALE > . oooooh yeah . Man it's my < PROPFEMALE > . Cause here we go again down sixty five . I can see for < PROPMALE > , you know the greatest thing is the darkness in our faith ... 
Just aced both of my tests for the day ! 
A great big thanks to everybody who came to the Roundhouse Groove show last night . We had a great time and had a great turnout . Come on back this upcoming Friday when we open for Flowtribe . 
< PROPFIRST > was a racecar driver . He drove so god damn fast ; Never did take the checkered flag but he never did finish last 
Damn it , my phone's broken . What's happening in the world today ? Hit me up 
< PROPMALE > walks warily down the street with his brim pulled way down low . Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet , machine guns ready to go . Are you ready ? are you ready for this , are you standin on the edge of your seat ? Out of the doorway the bullets rip to the sound of the beat . 
Went to court for an insurance ticket and got that shit thrown out . Hells yeah 
is torn between which saints jersey to get . 
ended up going with the Meachem jersey . Ballin . Ready for the game sunday and the show Friday . FLOWTRIBE !!! 
So Avatar was pretty trippy . And pretty badass ! I want to be a nine foot tall blue dude 
is off to a long day of school . 
isn't sad enough for the blues . 
shoot me in the face 
This is ground control to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
On snowdays , never walk through mud in dress shoes . 
is bored and unmotivated . 
Say goodnight to da bad guy ! 
I'm the < PROPMALE > of rock ; there is none higher . sucka mc's should call me sire . to burn my < PROPMALE > dom , you must use fire . I don't stop rockin til i retire ! 
God damn it !!! 
somebody free me from my prison of boredom . tell me to come < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
just watched the first episode of spartacus : blood and sand . Pretty good . overdid the blood kinda like in 300 . lots of boobs though so thumbs up . 
Pow ! Right in the kisser . 
How about that damn Snarky Puppy ? We got the funk !! 
can't catch a break . 
None of us can remember anything about last night , remember ? 
Aint got but one way out baby ; lord i just can't go out that door .. cause there's a man down there ! might be yo man . I don't know 
Tonight : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and her fantastic company , Roundhouse Groove to the face , and < PROPMALE > Fisher . You let me know if you find a better show than this in the burg tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
That smelled just like bologna for some reason . 
so by psychosematical , you mean he could start a fire , with his thoughts ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and his Runnin Pardners comin to the burg !! Come witness a truly historical musical experience . Boom Boom ! 
got his dancin shoes back 
Funk appreciation lesson tonight ! Hosted by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr. himself !! 
is ready to jam out to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and his Runnin Pardners . See ya down there 
would rather be blind , crippled , and crazy somewhere pushin up the daisies than to let you break his heart all over again . 
had a great day ! Helped out a good friend , had a great lunch at the Keg & Barrel whilst watching the USA vs . Canada hockey game , then played some ultimate frisbee with good friends . 
My body feels as fucked up as the Gore/Bush election . 
For Sale : Applause Acoustic Guitar ; Round back , fair condition , plays well . $150 . Hit me up if you're interested . 
Neither party is mine ; not the jackass or the elephant 
Knocked out two papers in one night and actually enjoyed every bit of it ! 
Rounhouse Groove and the Revivalists Saturday at the Boom Boom !! You bring ya soul , we got the rock n ' roll . 
finally done with my biology . 
if it takes shit to make bliss , well then i feel pretty blissfully . 
Sweet ! Umphrey's , < PROPFIRST > Butler Trio , and Galactic added to the Bonnaroo lineup . Maybe they'll pull out a decent lineup after all . 
feels like poop . 
doesn't feel like poop anymore . 
Such a lovely day . Throwin around the old pigskin with good friends . Roundhouse show tonight at the boom boom !! Bring ya friends 
i need three topics to freewrite about so help me out here facebook community . 
wrecked his truck yesterday . so , yeah , really hoping for a better day today . 
is ready for gulf shores !! 
Hey Mississippi , I'm back . 
I love it when you call me big Poppa 
made hotdog hamburgers . 
smells a superjam cookin up . Come check out the boom boom tonight . 
cool it with ya attitude . get to travelin the latitudes and longitudes , Lines just divide this city from the inside . 
Is a fan of Chicken pot pie . 
Are you aware that the bird is , in fact , the word ? 
Do you feel like I do ? 
has poker on the brain . 
momma's don't let your cowboys grow up to be babies . 
power music electric revival 
Mmmmmm .... Fruity Pebbles . 
I tell you I say he dead . 
just finished a six < PROPFEMALE > paper in like three hours . 
Damn it ! Stone < PROPFEMALE > Pilots are playing in Tunica Saturday . 
found Jesus . 
oh thank god ! I thought < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > died . But it's not true . it's not true people . 
wants to go to French Quarter Fest . 
This is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to ground control . 
Get an eyepatch , man . Get the funky , funky eyepatch . 
Steak and Taters !!! 
Hey Ladies , we got the jams ya need . Roundhouse Groove and the Prophets of Funk at the Boom Boom Room tonight !! 5 dolla holla !! 
I want to thank you for lettin me be myself again !! Last night at the boom boom was sick as hell ! Thanks to everybody who tore the roof off the sucker with Roundhouse Groove . Mad props to the Prophets of Funk . 
had a blast at French Quarter Fest ! < PROPFIRST > Sketch & the Dirty Notes and then a Superjam with Flow Tribe minus one plus eighteen . Ballin 
really isn't much feeling Mississippi today . 
so my phone's messed up . I can't do anything but press the 5 and 0 buttons 
is bored as hell . somebody come < PROPFEMALE > out with me . 
all the < PROPFIRST > connery bond movies are on demand . Hells yeah . 
My phone is back in commission , but as always , i'm left without anyone's number . Hit me up 
' s first day of work wasn't bad at all . 
son of bitch biology bastard homework hell 
just ran two < PROPMALE > because he found out class was cancelled . yeah , i know they're unrelated . big whoop , wanna fight about it ? 
ready set go ! 
still too sleepy for this work thing . 
supacrunk funk night , turnin on the porch light , gotta get the sound right , get it right get it tight . 
North MS allstars last night was sick as hell !! Thank you < PROPMALE > 
Music , support me today . You're all I've got . 
rocked face at rock wars and had to leave early to do homework . boo . 
Second place to christian metal . Jesus prevails . My atheism remains unblemished . 
Make my funk the P . Funk . I wants to get funked up . 
Sharks come back to beat the Red Wings ! Really good game . 
got a couple of papers done . still might do one more . so ready for this semester to be over . Summer time's callin my name . 
I am not a crook . 
aw , my paycheck is in pesos ... these zeros are meaningless . 
i held my tongue as she told me son fear is the heart of love so i never went back . 
Finished his last minute paper . Woot ! 
. draobyek sih htiw melborp a fo tib a sah 
Get ya Roundhouse fix tomorrow at the Boco . ten o clock rock . 
said a hip hop a hibby to the hibby da hip hip hop and i don't stop rockin wit a bang bang boogey said up drop the boogy with the rhythm of the boogey the beat . 
my grandma is wearing my band's t shirt to church . sweet ! 
The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . LSD . 
is Going to Gulf Shores today 
Jesus had the chronic . 
If you , re horny let's do it . Ride my pony . Your saddle is waiting . Come jump on it . 
Paddleboats are the bomb !! 
I'm not the only soul who's accused of hit and run . Tire tracks all across your back . I can see you had your fun . 
Is just about worn out . Umphrey's McGee last night was amazing . Danced my ass off with two random angels . Hopefully we'll meet again some day . 
I know the elections are over and I don't care about your presidential preference , but < PROPFEMALE > Palin is a fucking moron . A nice body does not warrant a political career . She's blaming ENVIRONMENTALISTS for BP's massive oil spill in the gulf . 
Damn rain . cancelled all my plans today . what's going on tonight world ? Hit me up . 
Jesus don't want me for a sunbeam 
almost done moving all my stuff back into the band house . Been on the go since 8 this morning . 
Is ready for some World Cup action ! USA vs . England Saturday ! 
Go USA !! I'll take a tie to a loss . Can't wait to see Brazil play tuesday and Spain wednesday . 
About to watch the Germany vs . Australia futbol match . hopefully it won't be another tie . 
watchin the replay of the Netherlands vs . Denmark match . Waitin for Brazil . Spain tomorrow ! 
Brazil's gonna have to step it up . I mean they're the #1 team and they're playing #105 ranked N . Korea . They should already have 2 goals 
we got monkeys with junky diseases ; who's touching these monkeys please leave these poor monkeys alone cause they've got problems enough as it is . 
I was hoping South Africa wouldn't go down like that . Uruguay pretty much dominated . 
England's playing for shit . USA can definitely lock up this division . Watch out for Uruguay . Forlan's on Fire !! 
felt great shakin his booty with < PROPMALE > . I needed some good dancin in my life ! 
Jesus Christ !! Portugal just raped North Korea . 7 to nothing . How does that happen ? I mean N . Korea gave Brazil a run for their money . 
He don't even think like she was . 
First day at my new job . Diggin it . 
It hurt that the US was eliminated , but England getting eliminated kinda made it feel better . Go Uruguay ! 
who needs a baby punched ? 
Ready for payday tomorrow ! 
is stoked Uruguay won yesterday . That game gave me chills . About to watch < PROPFEMALE > vs . Germany . 
Uh oh . 2 minutes in and Germany already scored . 
This Side Up at the boom boom tonight !! See ya there . 
Is ready for the not shitty part of the day to happen . 
needs to see < PROPFIRST > villa score real quick . 
Come to the Roundhouse groove show at the boom Boom tomorrow night ! Dress for success in your funky fly best . It's a party ya'll! 
Wow I passed out at like eight O clock and Just woke up confused and still in my work pants and boots 
Ready set Go !! 
Is ready for his birthday . < PROPFEMALE > taxi august 21 
Had the greatest weekend ever in < PROPFEMALE > with Zac and Feinburg !! Thanks to the Revivalists and Papa Grows Funk for a kickass show ! Can't wait to go back . 
monkeys with junky diseases , who's touchin these monkeys please leave these poor monkeys alone cause they've got problems enough as it is 
zoom zoom zoom zoom zaaya zoom zoom zaaya zaiaiaiaaada aaada whooaa whooa whooa whooa 
Come on , baby , finish what you started 
Fridays are always fresh days . 
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge ; I'm trying not to lose my head . 
< PROPFEMALE > Taxi Saturday for my burfday !! Be there or be square ! 
so ya wanna be hardcore , with ya hat turned back , talkin bout gats in ya raps , but i can't feel that hardcore appeal that ya screamin ; baby i'm dreamin 
so Roundabout by Yes is one of the sickest classic rock songs ever . Down with Freebird , up with Roundabout . 
is just sittin here , thinkin on the side of the road , got a head full of rhythm that's about to explode , got a bucket full of rain and i've been told , love ain't nothin but fool's gold . < PROPFEMALE > Taxi tomorrow night for my burfday ! 
Now < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was a cajun . He lived by himself in the swamp . hunted alligator for a livin . he just knock em in the head with a stump 
Thanks everybody for your generous birthday wishes ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Taxi for makin a dream come true by letting me sing with em and thanks to < PROPMALE > Fisher for playing me the burfday song !!! It was everything i hoped for and then some . Don't think the party stops now . It's just beginning . 
We been livin in the funk ! 
send me text messages people . once again , i've gotten a new phone and have no < PROPFIRST > . 
dances with wolves plus < PROPFEMALE > gully equals avatar . 
yay financial aid ! 
you sly bastard ... 
the clouds look like leopard print 
Roundhouse Groove . Friday . Come get funkified and crunkirockitized at the boom boom room . All ya friends'll be there . 
The Revivalists tonight at the Boom Boom ! Get ya crunk on ! 
Saints got that voodoo magic . Who dat ! 
actually saw this as a common google search : if herpes on the mouth is so common how come people act like genital herpes is so bad ? 
you said the < PROPFEMALE > was ours . you said the < PROPFEMALE > was ours , to hell with the day ; sunlight is only gonna take love away ; raise up suspicions and alibis , but i can see blue , tear blotted eyes .... lies , lies , lies , ooooooh liiiieeeesss , dadada dada da 
a dirty bird can't fly with a broken wing . 
touchdown baby !! Who dat ! 
this is clutch . gotta do it in overtime 
fuckin falcons . 
promental shit backwash psychosis . the enema squad . the doo doo chasers 
I'm an alligator , I'm a mama-papa comin for you . I'm the space invader , I'll be a rock n rollin ' bitch for you . keep your mouth shut , you're squawking like a pink monkey bird and i'm bustin up my brains for the words 
got out of class 2 hours early ! kaboom biatch 
Digging away the moments that make up the dull days . fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way . Kickin around on a piece of ground in your home town , waiting for someone or something to show you the way 
gotta get my old testament on . woot 
I like the way ya work it , no diggity , i got to bag it up . Snarky Puppy tonight ! kaboom bitch 
slow down , you forget it youll regret it 
You've got a friend in me . 
Colt : I eat babies\ 
Me : hate babies or eat babies ? \ 
Colt : I eat them . because i hate them . 
You've got to go through it to get to the end of it . 
That monkey is fucking funky - maci rodrigue 
The Browns ? Really ? 
CAPS LOCK IS NOT ALWAYS NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE !! 
Purp-o-ween !! Gonna be red hot ya'll! 
Please post this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
I'm alive and not in jail . No need to worry . Thanks to all who came out for purpoween last night . It was a blast !! 
The appearance of the law must be upheld , especially when it's being broken . 
You learned to dance like that sarcastically ? 
come get ya funk on saturday with Roundhouse Groove and Purpetrator !! Wear your pj's!! 
had a good time at < PROPMALE > \Youngblood\ " Hart and < PROPFIRST > Vidacovich . Ready to jam at the Thirsty Hippo tomorrow night !! Roundhouse Groove and Purpetrator ! Wear your PJ's; it's a pajama party ! " 
People keep waitin on a change , ain't got sense enough to come in out of the rain 
is hooongry 
Sargeant Baker is my name . Gonna teach how to play the game of warfare ! 
Gameday !! Going to eat some roast at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
You dang woochucks ! Quit chuckin my wood ! 
sick . blugh 
I ought to make it by sundown . i figure that's enough time for me to get the whole rundown 
Come on Saints ! Every week's a nail biter . I just need one week with a clean solid win so I can grow my fingernails back . 
What ya got ? What ya got in your hand , father says to son . I got the whole world here , daddy , between my finger and my thumb . 
Come celebrate the end of finals week with your friends in Roundhouse Groove !! Saturday night at < PROPMALE>'s Boom Boom room . Prophets of Funk start the night off with some sweet , stress-relieving funkification . Bring ya ass , bring ya friends , Don't bring ya kids !! 
And another one bites the dust !! Only one more final on tuesday and it'll be a piece of cake . So glad this semester turned out so well . Roundhouse Groove tomorrow night at the Boom Boom ya'll . You know you wanna relieve some stress and throw down ! 
come join the funk at the Boom Boom room tonight with ya friends from Prophets of Funk and Roundhouse Groove . Last show of the year at the Room of Boom . Five dolla holla ! 
would like to thank everyone who came out for the Roundhouse Groove show last night and helped us tear the roof off the sucker . 
Man , where are all the f*cking beavers ? - < PROPFIRST > Rock 
Done with my last final !! Kaboom , this semester's in the bag ! 
thinks his little cousin is going to be a politician . At dinner he started walking up to people telling them how nice it was to meet them . He's a toddler . 
I think I'm gonna cut my hair off today . 
piss and vinegar . 
Glad I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my family from South < PROPFEMALE > . Hate that the Saints lost while they were down but we still had a good time . 
I can't make it this weekend guys , the < PROPMALE > brothers are in town . 
Now the folks around south louisiana , said < PROPMALE > was a hell of a man ; he could trap the biggest ; the meanest alligator and just use one hand . That's all he got left cause the alligator bit it . 
< PROPFIRST > Peterson raped old ladies !??! 
Roundhouse Groove Yall !! Tomorrow night with Colorblind at the Thirsty Hippo . Bring ya friends ! 
Hold tight , wait til the party's over . Hold tight , we're in for nasty weather . There has got to be a way , Burnin down the house ! 
Party at < PROPMALE>'s house tonight ! Music , beer , friends ... what else can you ask for ? 
Pretty much feels like a million bucks today . 
One man gathers what another man spills 
Roundhouse Groove Ya'll!! < PROPMALE>'s Boom Boom Room tonight with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Finally got my school business straight . Only missed the entire first week . Good start to the semester 
It's like a finga pointed to da < PROPFEMALE > . Don't concentrate on the finga or you'll miss all that heavenly < PROPFEMALE > 
Wow , I'm really not gonna give a shit about the superbowl this year . 
Me : \I invented the creek . \ " \ 
Can I take off my watch and my ring ? 
Bullshit hump day . Glad it's over . 
Friday is my designated dancing day , but my bum knee is seriously going to limit that tonight . 
Come see the Revivalists tonight !! Boom Boom Room 
Hey hey little fighter girl it's you and me up against this whole wide world sleeping together in the lion's den , got your earrings in my pocket til I see you again 
Facebook world : you are all beautiful rays of sunshine and everything is going to be alright . Keep those chins up out there . 
made that poem his bitch . 
It happens . What , shit ? Sometimes . 
Roundhouse Groove tomorrow night at the Boom Boom !! 
At least I got to watch on Saints player on tv today . < PROPMALE > Bush on celebrity bowling ... against < PROPFEMALE > and Lil < PROPMALE > . Classic . 
Dubstep , house , techno . All the god Damn same . Mindless music made to melt your mind to . Nitpick over the subtle differences all you want but it's still just a couple guys making beats on computers for rave kids . 
You're just gonna want to say Smith or Jones or somethin ; you're < PROPFEMALE > gonna pronounce that 
A man who mistrusts himself cannot even trust his mistrust , and must therefore be helplessly confused . 
got a badass new blazer . score ! 
really wants to get waffled at an umph show , bruh . 
There never was an apple , in < PROPFIRST>'s opinion , that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it . 
I thought Sunday was the Lord's day . Not Friday 
Fridays are always fresh days . Get out there and have a good time tonight people ; There's stuff going on . Be Safe though . 
My Grandma : Apply at Cellular South ; they love pretty people . Thanks Gran 
If you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life dragging behind you the silent reproach of a million tear stained eyes , don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet . You'll slip out of your depth and out of your mind with your fear flowing out behind you as you claw the thin ice . - PF 
Do you feel like i do ? 
You know the type loud as a motor bike but wouldnt bust a grape in a fruit fight 
Ow shes a brick .. house . Shes mighty mighty just lettin it all < PROPFEMALE > out 
Roundhouse Groove ya'll!! Thursday Funk at < PROPMALE>'s . FOR FREE !! Bring ya friends 
The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing . - < PROPFIRST > Brown 
what should my facebook status be ? 
Feels and looks way too good to be this bored . Lets do somethin 
I am a man of constant sorrow 
What's up ? My legs , that's what ! I'm doin a handstand mothaf*cka ! 
has been poetic all day . Now it's time for football ... or frisbee . 
First green beer of the day . Happy st. Pattys everyone 
that's why you don't just smile and nod when you don't understand something . 
