Oh man , another long week 

is in love with a < PROPFEMALE > , squishy little man .. that's a first :) 
thinks july is gonna be pretty awesome 
is just enjoying the day .. 
wondering why it's so dark outside at 8am .. 
has a busy day ahead .. bum bum bum 
is back to work .. don't be jealous , people . 
hmm ... i always thought it was \Haulin ' Oats\ " not \ " Hall & Oats . \ " dumb dumb dumb .. " 
is ready to go home and relax .. 
had to dispose of a dead cat this morning .. its true what they say about things getting stiff .. gross .. poor fluffy .. 
is contemplating the need for coffee this morning .. 
is so angry i could spit . 
is adding a little mystery to her life ... look out world , here comes the new and myterious < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPFEMALE > da ! 
loves wearing gym shorts to the office .. talk about casual friday , < PROPFEMALE > .. geez < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is leaving for a 22 hour car ride with my parents ... jealous ? 
is back in boston , missin ' michigan a bit ... 
is heading out with the girls for a bit :) 
is ready to be out of work .. AC broken and < PROPFEMALE > is thinning quickly ... 
is it the weekend yet ??? 
is gonna stop and smell the flowers today :) 
saw a man's bum while he was peeing on the side of 95 today .. that woke me up :) 
is so pumped !! my baby got in !! good job , < PROPFEMALE > asci !!! 
has a weird feeling something great is gonna happen today .. :) 
is going to found a college called the < PROPFEMALE > school where we consider interesting trades for payment and where you're graded by how much fun you're having ... 
is ready for the weekend ! going to laugh my butt off with the girls tonight at pure then who knows :) 
is back to the office .. ahh , the life of an almost-adult .. 
is workin ' for the weekend ! 
.. work , gym , studying .. whoopie .. 
could worry about it , but there really isn't any point . 
is missing her bffl and looking forward to this weekend ! 
has two days of work left until her birthday weekend in the white mountains ! 
is just looking forward to the weekend and ignoring the rest ! 
is celebrating her 23rd birthday in the white mountains with her lady ... fun fun fun :) 
needs to focus on this crazy long day and not think about tomorrow .. goddamn it . 
goodbye penna . you were a really good dog , i'm really going to miss you . 
is finishing some paperwork at the office then heading to the home state .. rather be in bed with a certain someone .. no , not you .. yea , you in the back :) 
is finishing some stuff at the office then heading off to be the best < PROPFEMALE > a girl can be :) 
is at the office for 11 hours today ... jealous ?? thought so . 
.. ready for some magic to happen .. 
is watching dirty dancing and missing < PROPFIRST > 
.. ladies , ladies everywhere -- and not a drop to drink .. 
is finally tired enough for bed again .. thank you to my extra drunk lady friends :) 
is up finally .. 11:45 am !! off to the gym then chillin ' with a super sexy lady :) 
is doing the homework thing :) 
is making chocolate chip cookies and reading about social work supervision :) 
.. ahh , someone come and save me from school work !! 
is going to bed early , thanks to SOMEONE keeping me up late .. g'night , loves 
.. when there's a beautiful girl in your bed , do you leave her for the office at 6am ? damn it , < PROPFEMALE > , no .. the correct answer is always no :) 
is so fed up with umass .. grrr , i need to move back to maine -- the way life should be ! 
forgot she cleaned the shower and slipped into the wall .. ouch , going to bed :( 
is at the office for a bit , then volenteering at the shelter , then cemented to her computer by 7:30 pm -- mucho homework due tomorrow .. i have < PROPMALE > senoritis .. distractions are invited & welcome :) 
is playing with her pussies .. at the animal shelter :) back to hit the books soon , txt the cell to distract me :) 
is hitting the homework .. bum bum bum 
is off to bed , can't wait to escape this weekend :) 
.. office for a bit , then teaching . txt the cell :) 
guesses that it's worth it to break up with someone if you gain an amazing best friend .. 
doesn't really know how to feel . bedtime . 
is adjusting but happy it's almost the weekend .. welcome to boston , cousin < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had some messed up dreams last night .. whoa .. 
feels like she has monkeys hanging from her eye lids ... so heavy ! 
wants things to go back to normal . 
is at the office for a bit then off to teach my favorite students :) 
has a couple more hours at the office , then trying to get my head on straight again before drinks with colie ( messy apartment , bad < PROPFEMALE >..) 
is at the office for a bit then home for r & r .. 
* sigh * until next week .. 
needs a nap like whoa ! 
is working on being cooler today .. * big sigh * good luck , soph 
feels like a pirate in this shirt ... arrrgggg .. 
* sigh * 
forgot her cell phone at home today .. whoops 
* double sigh * 
is feeling less poorly , eating soup .. hopefully back to the office tomorrow . 
is at the office then heading straight home for homework & cocoa .. its the cool thing to do , kids :) 
is stuck under a mountain of homework .. would rather be stuck under your mum :) 
thinks \hump day\ " is seriously overrated .. off to teach again :) " 
is at the office then off to the doctors to go under the knife .. eek ! 
is loving this weekend :) 
loves rainy sundays cuddled up in bed :) 
* sigh * gonna be a long one today .. ( that's what she said ) text the cell & keep me awake , loves :) 
-- rest in peace , < PROPFEMALE > weisthal . we all love you so much . -- 
* big yawns * at the office til 4 
is hopping on the homework train .. choo choo 
at the office for a few hours then off to teach , txt the cell :) 
can't wait for this weekend :) 
is feeling lost . 
is heading to maine today after a few hours at the office . wahoo ! definitely the way life should be .. whoever decided that was our state motto was dead on . 
woke up to the most painful < PROPFIRST > horse in the whole world this morning .. left calf still hurts like nobody's business .. google says bananas help , i've had two so far today .. 
.. new fancy office chair : $170 , screwdriver to put it together : $4 , spinning around in my office until i feel like i'm gonna puke : priceless .. 
is a busy gal today -- trying to get all my homework done before heading back to maine on friday .. yay for halloween in hallowell :) 
needs coffee like < PROPFIRST > needs < PROPMALE > .. off to the cafe then back to this damn fundraising statement .. 
.. hi ho , hi ho , its off to class i go .. txt the cell 
is confused .. oh well , what else is new .. 
finishing up a few things at the office then heading home to hallowell :) 
is already looking forward to next weekend .. four days then back to maine ! 
is dead tired , loads to do today .. yuck . 
has mentally checked out for the week .. 
is going to invest in a cute suede type outfit , move to the jungle , to make friends with gorillas and live in a tree .. i hear its lovely this time of year .. 
is off to maine today , thank goodness :) 
wants to move to australia , get a flock of sheep and tend to them 
is action packed with homework to do ... bummer .. 
is at the office for a bit , then off to teach and pick up my home girl :) 
is sitting in the most boring class in the entire world .. literally , no lie . then going to pick up ari , my sleepy traveler . 
thinks she has a cold .. darn it , feeling like a big bucket of yuck :( 
hates bad news . 
is enjoying her last day in maine , hoping this cold stays away .. ahh-choo 
is sick ... again . 
thinks senioritous is much more painful the third time round !! 
is in the most boring class in the world .. it's true .. 
has the sniffles again . damn it . 
super long day at the office , then home for some much needed sleep ! 
.. but lord knows that this world is cruel and I ain't the lord , no I'm just a fool - learning loving somebody don't make them love you .. 
is happy :) 
.. you don't need to change a thing . I'm telling you , from where I sit , you're one of a kind . relationships , I don’t know why , they never work out and they make you cry , but the guy that says goodbye to you is out of his mind .. 
.. I just want to take you out and get you drunk so I can have my wicked way with you . I’m just being honest cause I know the other guys are thinking just the same way , too .. 
is confused .. again .. checking out a few apartments then out for a much needed drink with a pretty girl ;) 
is kinda bummin ' .. need a time machine , some cocoa and my mum - stat ! 
is working overtime at the office .. lame , hopefully home by 10 :( 
.. so many things i want to say , you know i like my girls a little bit older .. 
.. oh , you probably won’t remember me , it’s probably ancient history . I’m one of the chosen few who went ahead and fell for you . I’m out of hope , I’m out of touch , I fell too fast , I feel too much . I thought that you might have some advice to give on how to be insensitive .. 
coughed while trying soymilk .. now everything smells like feet . 
is trying to finish some work before the office christmas party 
cough cough .. gross :( 
.. and I know what it's like to just kiss someone and make them fall in love with you , and then you walk away . to just make somebody come a little closer so you can push them away .. 
is excited for 2010 ! 
okay , change of plans , i guess .. not moving to maine afterall ... 
needs sleep like oxygen right now , so tired ! 
is busy planning an amazing roadtrip :) 
Work , Classes .. Blah , want to be back in Maine with my BFF ! 
is at the library doing homework .. ugh , graduation needs to hurry up ! 
is dead tired . 
finishing up stuff at the office then heading up to Maine , the way life should be :) 
ick , is it monday again ? 
can't wait to see her wonderful , mechanic boyfriend this weekend .. ( sucking up ) .. maybe he'll fix my car :) 
is finishing up at the office and driving to canada .. hey , roadtrip :) 
is running around the office like a crazy person .. ahh , mondays . skipping class to go home and give myself a lobotomy ! 
is going to buy a dozen sheep , move to the midwest , become a shepard and tend to my flock ... much better than trying to finish graduate school ... 
head cold ? check . spilled coffee down my front ? check . tripped on my own foot at the gym ? check . yep , its a monday alright :) 
wants to spend the whole day playing outside with her bff jembe ! 
is ready for maine this weekend ! 
is driving to maine today to < PROPFEMALE > out with my family and my fella :) 
is going to be productive today ! 
is super excited for cupcakes and the rustic overtones this weekend ! 
73 days until graduation ?!? senoritis the third time around is killing me ! 
thinks that mondays should be cancelled from now on ... just sunday right into tuesday .. 
is struggling through the last 34 days of grad school 
is super excited about the brew fest with my fella this weekend :) 
is tired . 
focus , < PROPFEMALE > , focus ! 
it makes you wonder ... when a teacher assigns a 30 < PROPFEMALE > research paper , do they actually read the whole thing ? i think we all know the truth .. 
is action packed with stress ! only one week left ! 
is getting ready to lay some knowledge down during the class presentation tonight .. 
is hauling ass to finish these last five assignments before next week ! 
still has two papers to finish ... not cool , kool aid ! 
four days til graduation ! 
is finishing some work at the office before maine descends on boston -- a boyfriend , two parents and a bff all in one day ? that sounds like a party to me :) 
is SO glad my girls caught me sleeping at graduation on camera .. :) 
is busy finishing up plans for the cross country road trip !! just 16 days in between me , my man and a whole lotta highway :) 
is sending all her happy thoughts to the best friend in the whole world ! ( don't worry , babe , this won't last forever ! ) 
summer reading suggestion : the rug merchant by < PROPFEMALE > mullins - could hardly put it down ! 
is taking the summer changes in her stride - michigan here i come :) 
is neutral about today , but excited for tomorrow :) 
is pumped about driving off into the midwest on wednesday ! 
has nothing standing between her and the open road except a mountain of office work ! 
.. canada/new york/michigan here i come ! 
is LOVING vacation ! 
lost my phone in a lake when my ADORABLE cousin shoved me in - so , text me your number if you think i need it . off to maine in the morning !! 
is chilling in hallowell for a few days :) 
hasn't even sunk to a new low .. I slammed my ass into it .. ouch ! 
is heading back to boston .. vacation is officially over in 24 hours 
is climbing through mountains of paperwork at the office ... 
is recovering slowly from a fantastic weekend .. :) 
is up to her ears in patient phone calls at the office .. gross , then off to sign the lease with the girls :) 
is ready for a quiet night in tonight - thai food , a foreign flick and < PROPMALE > , the greatest cat in the world ! 
is having a super domestic day .. grocery , laundry , paying bills .. I CLEANED WINDOWS TODAY ! 
had a kick butt run this morning .. ready for the week :) 
is achieving the impossible at work today ... just call me super secretary !! 
has anyone else ever noticed how kaski cereal and granola bars kind of taste like low sugar , all natural poo ? 
all roads lead to hallowell :) 
is making jam with mum and doing some laundry .. lazy weekend in maine :) 
is enjoying a cup of tea before the rush of the day starts at this crazy officina :) 
is feeling crumby :( 
really misses her bed this morning 
feels obligated to stay in bed all day to get better .. lame 
is at the officina til 5 , then it's definitely off to margaritaville :) 
rolled her silly ankle trying to be a graceful antelope .. note to self , do not imitate wildlife while intoxicated .. 
AHHH -- the social worker just called and they found me a little sister !! I am so excited -- look out world , < PROPFEMALE>'s a mentor :) 
just ordered books for fall semester .. with titles like \meeting the challenges of chronic illness\ " how could this program NOT be a breeze ? FML " 
is distracted from work with a serious < PROPFEMALE > to sunbath :) 
ouch , which hurts more - my head or my pride ? 
we may only have tonight , but till the morning sun you're mine all mine . play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love ;) 
is camping in acadia national park with my girl < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend .. she thinks we're camping , but i just plan on sunbathing the whole time .. shhh - don't tell :) 
just woke up from the best nap ever .. heading back to boston :) 
just another manic monday , wish it was sunday :) 
somehow got grapefruit soap all over the bathroom floor .. now everything's slippery and smells like florida 
feels like a skydiver who forgot their parachute two seconds too late .. i'm free falling , i know its bad for me and i have no way to save myself .. 
.. and crash landing 
is off to the gym , running errands and packing .. being a responsible adult for the day . lame . 
wants to help the homeless man outside of my office , but i don't want to get stabbed with a hypodermic needle .. 
.. guess i'm not as much of city girl as i thought , kinda homesick . maine in three days :) 
is at the office , going to meet my new little sister and then out for drinks with the girls , happy wednesday :) 
has her big , fat cat at the officina with her til 5 , then finally home to maine :) 
.. off to maine for what my mum thinks is my 25 birthday weekend .. good job , mum :) \ 
\ 
3 hours in the car .. gross ! 
thanks for the birthday wishes , guys .. think its going to be a really good year ;) 
.. let's sell all our shit and run away to sail the ocean blue , then you'll know my heart is true <3 
-- moving day -- \ 
< PROPFEMALE > driving through boston at night in a 20 ' uhaul & an affinity for danger ? so many things wrong with that plan :) 
.. in a coffee shop in a city , which is every coffee shop in every city .. on a day which is every day .. i picked up a magazine , which is every magazine .. read a story and then forgot it right away .. 
is blissfully happy , spending the weekend with the most amazing man in the world , short of my father and < PROPMALE > mandela .. 
is ' nut up or shut up ' an appropriate wedding theme ? :) 
new wedding date is set : august 27th , 2011 .. everybody get excited :) 
is going to be very domestic today and finally finish unpacking !! been there a week and i still can't see my floor ! 
new tattoo after work tonight then sara/jo - make me clean my gd room ! i would love to see the floor before christmas :) 
is being a busy < PROPFEMALE > at the office today then heading up to maine for the weekend , fingers crossed we find the right venue for the wedding .. <3 
thinks that < PROPFIRST>'s bridal made me catch the flu ! \ 
but at least i found the dress ! hip hip hooray ! 
had an amazing weekend :) 
had to buy a dorky gamer headset for her online class discussions .. don't think i can go back to that staples again .. 
thinks that people who aren't perfect should shut their face before i shut it for them .. grrrrrrr 
is hitting the books .. grad school 2nd time around is kicking my bum .. 
has lofty goals for today .. let's see how that goes . 
.. yours is the first face that i saw , i think i was blind before i met you . now i don’t know where i am , i don’t know where i’ve been but i know where i want to go .. 
is busy studying her ass off ! 
has a giant to do list with a lot of giant to do's ... speaking of giant .. miss you , baby ;) 
meh .. 
is it thursday night yet ? :) 
12 hours <3 
just another manic monday , i guess .. 
.. 10 days until i'm living back in maine for keeps , good times :) 
needs chocolate :) 
is going home to organize the crap out of her life ! 
girl meets boy . girl gets engaged to boy . girl relocates within a few months to maine . girl moves in with boy .. across the street from her parents . its a classic love story :) \ 
last day in mass ! 
.. for the first time in my life , procrastination does not seem like it was the smartest move .. 
is working hard then heading home for an evening with my fella .. did i just write the next < PROPFEMALE > parton song ? i think so .. 
not impressed ! 
hands up , everyone who will still respect me if i fail out of grad school this time ? 
has meetings like whoa today at work and the construction is threating to break through into my office .. 
feels like she's about 40 today ... 
ahhhh , what's worse than having < PROPFEMALE > stuck in your head because you heard her on good morning < PROPFEMALE > ? the fact that i watched some of good morning < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
waiting at the doctor's office shouldn't subject me to pop culture against my will ... 
< PROPFEMALE > late christmas to everyone :) 
how come i own fifty tubes of chapstick , but can never find one when i need one ? one of life's great mysteries , i guess ... 
working my bum off at la officina .. dull day but at least i have < PROPFEMALE > for a secretary all week !! 
is in a curl up with a good book and some cocoa mood .. 
home home on the range .. 
snow day - love being able to work from home .. i heart goodwill ! 
the real world is attacking me with grown up responsibilities ! 
i hope the same people who are trying to cut funding from mnpb accidently slip on the ice and get amnesia , so maybe tomorrow they FORGET to be assholes . 
going to work from home today .. 190 days ' til i get married !! 
