Just came back from the best Sunday afternoon in a long time . Went to the Orpheum to see The Marriage of Figaro with a good friend . The performance was wonderful , and the music was magnificent . 

Just finished a training class for some folks at work . I'm thinking I should go back to wearing the suit every day ; I do love the constant stream of compliments . 
I swear my pup is losing her mind . I don't know what she thinks shes hearing , but she has had me up and down ever since I got home , looking to see who's dropped by . So far , the answer is ... no one . 
Ugh , I think my littlest niece got me sick . She wouldn't stop crying and blowing snot all over my shirt last night , and now I'm starting to run a fever . Probably didn't help that she kept sticking her hand in my mouth either . 
Just came back from a 5 hour jaunt to the zoo and bookstore with my nieces and nephews . It was a blast , but I'm definitely ready to wind down now . My littlest niece isisted on being carried almost everywhere , and my back feeling it now . 
I'm 38 years old , so why is it that the ad that Facebook throws in my face more often than any other is for CougarLife.com? Isn't that site supposed to be aimed at 20 year old boys that are all hormones and no brains ? 
My advise to everyone , avoid the near-death experience if at all possible . When you wake up , you'll find out that you've ended up with chronic back pain for the rest of your life . Now back to another night of painkillers and muscle relaxers . 
Just came back from seeing Clash of the Titans . Thanks again for the tickets , < PROPFIRST > . For those of you going to see it this weekend , have fun , its a great action flick , but don't throw away money on the 3-D version . They only put some elements in 3-D , and it wound up giving me a headache trying to sort it out . 
Well , my mechanic gave me the bad news , said my car's lifespan can be measured in days , if not hours . So it looks like I'll be car shopping tomorrow . Looked a bit this evening and I'm thinking I'll probably end up with a new Chevy HHR . 
Woohoo ! The new car is all but mine . Just has to be detailed , and then I pick it up tomorrow night . And thanks to my mechanics advice , I'm getting a beter car than i originally looked at , and for about $8000 less than the dealership was offering . 
Ugh , long days , angry clients , and silly questions . I cannot wait ' til tax season is over . 
Just came back from watching Kick-Ass . If you like unmitigated , unrepentant violence , bloodshed , and comedy , all wrapped up in a mindless and mind-blowingly entertaining package , then this is the movie you have to see ! 
OK , my newest rule for dating - Never date a 36 year old woman whose already been divorced four times , has seven children living at home , and 3 grandchildren from two of the teenage daughters that are still in high school , and is talking about having more children . Definitely scrubbing that number from my phone . 
I was up at 4:30 am this morning , got my day started , went to work and solved problems for clients and coworkers , spent the evening with a good friend , stopped by another's home and removed a parasite from her child , flexed my handyman muscles , started home and came across some folks whose car died , so I towed them home . Now I'm finally home and done for the day , and I'm too danged tired to fall asleep ! 
Spent a lot of my weekend with a good friend and her three amazing children . It was wonderful and sad all at the same time . It really made me wish I'd chosen differently at certain points in my life . Oh well , if wishes were gumdrops , we'd all be in the dentist's office on a weekly basis . 
Some evenings it just takes the right company , and a walk in the right setting to make all of life seem just right , if only for a few brief moments . 
Just back from a wonderful day with a beautiful young woman , hiking through Fontnelle < PROPMALE > for about 4 hours with her kids , playing Wii Bowling and Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader ( I am , by the way ) . Can't think of too much that would have made my day better . 
Happiness , love , and trust are decisions we have to make every day of our lives . It never ceases to amaze me how many people are afraid to make those decisions . 
Thank goodness for pain-killers ; I can't even tell I have a back now . 
If they're called pain-killers , why does the pain come back ? Is it a zombie pain ? 
Why do people always read things into your words and actions that you never intended ? I've heard of projecting your thoughts and emotions onto others , but why does it feel like half the people I know don't seem capable of hearing me anymore ? 
Hello World , it's < PROPFIRST > . Just wanted to let you know that I've scrubbed a spot clean , and you can kiss my hairy backside whenever you're ready . And for anyone wondering if this post is for them , I have only one question - Is your name \World \"?" 
Haha ! Just finished watching \From < PROPFIRST > With Love \"; now I'm wondering if I should feel bad that it felt so cathartic . " 
There are days I think I shouldn't keep my putter at work ; if my computer crashes one more time , I might not be able to resist the temptation to beat it into a pile of scrap ! 
What a random , wild and wonderful evening ! I thought my night was gonna blow when everyone else had to back out ; now I'm glad none of you were there . I don't think I could look certain folks in the eye if they'd been with me tonight . Little sis , have a got a story for you ! 
Ever have an evening where you just can't settle on any one thing you want to do ? I swear , I've started watching 4 different movies , and reading two different books , and nothing's holding my attention tonight . 
Took my dad to the movies for Father's Day . We saw The Karate Kid , and I have to say , I was impressed , while it's practically identical in it's story elements , the action , the action , everything is better than the original . Definitely a must see . 
My computer has crashed twice within the first hour of work today . I swear , if it crashes again , I'm gonna toss it through a window ! 
Dead tired tonight . Someone needs to invent a workout that involves sitting on your backside watching a movie , yet gives you the body of someone who puts in two hours a day at the gym . Ugh , I'm just feeling old tonight . 
Tore the tendon in my knee again . One of these days I'm going to have to remember to put on my brace before I injure it , not after . 
General rule of thumb - if a cute woman grabs your backside , assume she's into you . :-D 
Alright world , you better put your helmet on today ; I'm awake , I'm alert , and I'm feeling a little fiesty . Go ahead , throw your best shot at me , I'm ready for you ! 
One word frees us from all the weight and pain of life : that word is love . \ 
\ 
- Sophocles 
Watching Farscape , surfing the ' net , and sipping an 18 year old MacAllan . Yep , I've gotta find something better to do with my weeknights . 
Some days , nothing screams Sunday afternoon like enjoying some Cap'n Crunch and vodka lemonade while watching Conan the Barbarian . 
Just got back from seeing Salt , the new spy thriller starring < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Liev Schreiber . Excellent movie , can't say enough good things about it . The best part , all the stuff you see in the previews is from the first 30 minutes and doesn't give away any of the story . Definitely gonna be adding this to my collection when it comes out on DVD . 
Ugh ! I just woke up from sleeping off way to much liquor . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for protecting me from myself . Hope I didn't embarass you too much , and thank you for introducing to a delightful new band . 
Just got home after helping out with Habitat for Humanity . We had a great crew , and got a lot of sheetrock < PROPMALE > today . 
Someone please make Friday get here sooner ! I need another weekend already . 
Out at LIV Lounge listening to the beautiful sounds of Smitten . For all my friends who received one a coule weekends ago , I promise , no drunken texting tonight . 
Some days there just isn't a strong enough pain-killer for this darned back of mine . it makes me wonder if the doctors could just remove the nerve endings so I can't feel it to begin with . 
Just came back from the preview showing of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World , and I have to say , if you are ( or once were ) a comic book/video game/indie rock geek who's ever had to deal with a girlfriend's emotional baggage , this is the hyper-frenetic wish fulfillment movie of your dreams . I saw this with several friends and we were all laughing our way through the entire show . 
That's it , I've passed burnt out and I'm moving on to burnt up ! I swear , I'm gonna be a charcoal briquette before the week is over . 
Out at Ozone listening to the sweet sounds of Smitten and sipping a nice Chardonnay . Not a bad way to wind down a day . 
It's been a long day and I've only just started in on my laundry . And I've still got to write up the speech I'm supposed to give on Tuesday ( thankfully , I've got it all in my head already ) . Maybe I should invest in a time management course too , but I'm too busy for that . :-) 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to go catch The Expendables with my brother . Excellent action movie ; pretty much figured it had to be ether a hyper-violent , full-throttle , over-the-top , balls-to-the-walls action flick , or it was gonna blow worse than anything you've ever seen . Thankfully , it was the former . 
Just came back from my first Toastmasters meeting in almost 20 years , and I'm doing a little happy dance . Everyone loved my speech , and I even got a little blue ribbon to prove it ! :-D 
Feeling cranky tonight , need to either get more caffeine in me ... or I need a hug . Nah , I think I need the caffeine . 
Had one heck of a scare tonight . My niece , < PROPFEMALE > disappeared for a bit . One second she was there , the next she was gone . We started combing the neighborhood , but before we got too far into it , we got word she'd been found in her bed . She apparently got sleepy and decided to crawl under the covers all on her own . What a relief ! 
Arghh !!! I hate being sick . If I'm going to stay at home all day , it should be because I want to , not because I have to . 
Last night I gave my second speech in as many weeks for Toastmasters . I did this one on short notice , so I wasn't as prepared as I wanted to be ; but , based on the feedback I received , that didn't stop me from doing a great job again . Yea me ! 
Three meetings in and I've given a speech for Toastmasters every time . And I got another blue ribbon for the best speech again . Yeah me ! 
I am so freaking tired ! I'm trying to cut back on my caffeine intake ; why didn't I just drill a hole in my head ? 
C'mon , somebody ask me just one more stupid question ! Lord knows I don't get enough of ' em at work ! 
Friday can't get here fast enough . I can't wait to get to KC for what promises tobe a magnificent weekend . 
OK , this is just a slow day . I am definitely not getting my full entertainment value from my clients , nor my co-workers . Come on people , entertain me !!! 
Playing < PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Force Uleashed II ; I'm in the middle of a full-on geekgasm . It's just f***ing awesome ! Why can't < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > make a movie as cool as this ? 
Some days there just aren't enough hours to get everything done . 
I'm stuck in the house feeling sick , when all I want to do is go out golfing . :-( 
Still stuck at home , watching Leverage on DVD , and wishing I was better already . At least the danged fever broke , now I just need to get my energy back . 
I'm the guy that's usually telling everyone that you're only as old as you act . So what's that say about me when I feel like just sitting in my rocking chair , reading a book , and yelling at the neighbor kids for getting on my lawn ? 
Just came back from watching Life as We Know It with one of the best friends I've ever had . All I can say is it's a must see for anyone who has a family . And anyone who doesn't like it has obviously misplaced their soul . 
Driving home just a few minutes ago ; I counted no less than a dozen accidents on I-80 , US-75 & 370 ... and all of them were trucks and SUV's! Come on people , how many winters does it take to prove to you that 4 wheel drive doesn't help stop you from plowing into the stopped car in front of you ! 
Feeling really darned cranky now . I'm tired of repeating myself over and over , and never having enough time to do everything that everyone is asking of me . There's nothing I'd love more than to be completely selfish , tell the whole world to kiss my @$$ , and demand that everyone take care of me . Of course , that wouldn't be very Andre-like , so i guess we'll not be doing that . Jeez , I feel like such a wuss now . 
slow day at work , early Thankgiving dinner with the family , and now I'm enjoying some good scotch , good friends and good music at the Slowdown . Not a bad day at all . 
Just back from watching Tangled with my two older nieces . Gotta say , I think Disney did a great job with this one . Cute , funny , romantic , and no huge subtext that you're hoping the kids don't understand . 
Aaarrgh ! I hate being sick . My fever just broke and now I have to do laundry because I soaked the darned sheets in sweat . Someone needa to seriously outlaw becoming ill , and get these danged viruses to cooperate ! 
My hand is throbbing like you wouldn't believe ; I sliced my finger all the way to the bone , and it won't stop reminding me . Dang it , now I wish I hadn't put such a good edge on that carving knife . :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , hope your day's off to a good start , filled with family , loved ones , and all the fun and magic a Christmas morning is supposed to have . 
One of my friends did this , and I like the idea ; just think of it as a creative writing exercise . I'd like all my friends to write a brief description of how we met , but not the way it actually happened . Make up a good story , or just a funny one . Have fun , and try this for yourself . 
Out at LIV listening to three of the most talented ladies I know ( and you too < PROPFIRST > ) singing some beautiful songs , while sipping a pretty darned good scotch . Not a bad way to finsh off the day . 
Work , work , work . I swear , even my weekends involve nothing but work lately . I'd take a vacation , but I'd probably manage to turn it into a working vacation . :-( 
Dental appointment's not ' til Thursday , and I don't think there's enough Orajel to make me ignore this broken tooth . Thank goodness for vodka ! 
Waiting at the dentist for the next round of work on tooth . Running a little longer than expected , but nowhere near as painful as expected either . 
Ugh ! The darned novacaine ie wearing off , and the whole right side of my head is hurting now . And the doc said it'll be two more visits before he's finished . :-( 
Late this afternoon , I suddenly realized that the pain in my jaw was gone ( thank goodness ) . Now I'll just have to enjoy this amazing Bordeaux for it's lovely bouquet alone . 
My < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > passed away last night . He was only 2 years younger than me , and leaves behind a wife and child whom he loved dearly . I'm gonna miss you my friend , as will everyone whose life you touched . 
Just came back from seeing Red Riding Hood ; it was a pretty fun movie , plenty of suspense , good action and < PROPFEMALE > Seyfried . I normally don't go for blondes , but that gal could probably change my mind . :-) 
In a few hours , I'm heading to the memorial services for a good friend . This is twice in the past year I've had to do this . Here's hoping it'll be a good , long while before I have to do this again . 
I swear , some days are just designed to make you feel old . 
Note to self - next time I go dancing , I definitely need to change out of the hiking boots first . 
