New year .. same me . Well .. for the most part . Any change made will definitely be an upgrade . 

so everyone seems bored ... good to know its not just me . anyone want to chill .. im here , for now . ;) 
kinda confused about this pic thing but ok sure lol 
i just dont understand why the guys that fucking annoy the hell out of me keep co < PROPFEMALE > g back/around .. where are the men i can stand to be around for more than 5 < PROPFEMALE > ? sheesh . todays another boring day though .. 
ok now is the time to delete some fags from my < PROPFEMALE > .. before i start saying things about them they'd never think i know . =) 
so um .. morgana , im going to need a farmville tutorial tomorrow ! cant wait to see youuuuu my love . 
happy new years everyone , hope you guys enjoy your night better than me . i cant do shit , seeing as how i have work 8-4 tomorro . =( 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . ? 
perfect aint a look , its a package deal , and they're usin your picture as their seal of approval . 
2 things ive just recently noticed .. im becoming more and more addicted to facebook and i need to stop buying fancy clothes and invest in some NEW hoodies ! 
So yesterday at work .. parking enforcement gave this dude a ticket because he was parked like 5in away from the curb . He pulled out his ruler and everything ! lol pretty ridiculous . 
first time im out of bed since tuesday .. feeling a lil better . 
im sure doing what im about to do doesnt help a sore throat none but .. eh . lol 
havent chilled or worked in days because of this sickness .. can you say BORED ?! 
Whatever you give a woman she will make greater . Give her sperm , she will make a baby . Give her a house , she will make a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap be ready to receive a ton of sh*t . Post this as your status if you agree . 
i want the saints to win , but i know nothing about football . besides that < PROPMALE > bush is sexy . so .. yea . go saints . ;] 
with my bitches of course . cherayl and < PROPFEMALE > . =) sharing the big daddy .. if you know what i mean ! lol 
so .. snow ? 
happy valentines day guys . may your day be better than mine .. considering Will has to work early til midnight . =/ 
i should make a group called \i hate when after i add family members i realize i cant type SHIT about my personal life that i dont want certain family mebers finding out . \ " lol " 
i think im officially done with farmville for now .. all it does freeze my computer and take me a million years to progress . sorry guys . 
seriously .. i love big lots . thanks cherayl . LOL 
bought an ipod touch today . im liking it . 
COACH = <3 
went to prov place with < PROPFEMALE > today . GOOD TIMES . like always , of course . =] 
great day AND night . stompin these muhfuckin streets !! LOL 
i love my friends . <3 
wow some guys try TOO hard . lying muthafucker !! =] im on to the next one !! haha 
do people think i sit online or sit looking at my phone all day ?! shit . excuse me . i have a life . 
ugh @ the stupid app thats telling the world what person they gave me for my \next kiss of the day\ " .. sorry friends . awkward ! " 
hittup up the HOOK ! with dre and her mom . CLASSIC . ;] 
not sure what im doing anymore . 
all I want is at LEAST a friend that will be there foreverrrr . 
scratch that .... anyone who knows me and my views on men ... that has now carried over for friends . my friendships and relationships never last . trust no one . =) goodnight losers . <3 
guess i can no longer state how i feel on my status messages ... 
wow .. dawon just called me BEAUTIFUL . anyone who knows him .. and our situation .. is reading this like WHOA . i know lol im right along with you . 
i miss my best friends .... sucks not havin no one to talk to but fuck it . 
ok so im def going to hot night now that < PROPFEMALE > minaj is gonna be there ! gonna be paying a nice lil < PROPFEMALE > for floor seats . if you anybody wants to go and throw me the money for the extra ticket let me know . 
9 Deadly Words Used By A Woman Just for Fun - Totally Random 1 ) Fine This is the word women use to end an argument when they are right and you need to shut up . 2 ) Five Minutes If she is getting dressed , this means a half an hour . Five minutes is only five minutes if you have just been given five more minutes to watch the game before helping around the house . 
goodbye sidekick .. hello blackberry . 
please dont be confused . < PROPMALE > s are .. if you are walking around with a third leg ( you know what i mean ) there is a HUGE < PROPMALE > .. i dont give a FUCK about you . =) 
sorry about my rant guys . lol im sure many are not surprised anyway . 
cant stand certain people in this house . bitches . 
get on my level . =] 
ah man . some peoples status ' .. literally leave me speechless . 
\its like i keep trying tp run from the pain but some how it just keeps \ 
happy mothers day to all the good moms out there . <3 
may 26th will officially be the worst day of my life . im sure . lol 
I said goodbye to you again ... and this time , its official . FACEBOOK official lol nah but really .. i dont need friends like you . =] 
its all fun and games , til somebody gets fly . ( forgot where i got that from but basically ... i am referring to something or someone should i say that i know ) . 
doesnt americas next top model air thursdays ?? i watch my tv shows online so i have no clue . it used to tho .. around 9pm . its 5 and im already able to watch the finale ? lol not that im complaining . =] 
goodnight my facebook friends . 
I am such a good friend . ;) 
or not lol 
ok seriously .. its pretty fuckin SHADY how you hook someone up MORE THAN ONCE because they had their own financial issues , then they get a car and act like you dont even exist . soon , i am giving up all together and once i do that .. i am OFFICIALLY done . 
cant trust ANYONE these days . 
oh and if you're into watching girls fight like .. literally brawl EVERY day , check out the \The Bad Girls Club\ " . lmao that show is nuts !! " 
lol you peoples status ' make me SICK ! haha 
lady gaga's < PROPFEMALE > glam lipstick by < PROPMALE > is seriously the best lipstick ever created . <3 it !! 
Lovely day at work .. =/ lol 
lol ok so im pretty sure its official that the phrase \im about to freak the fuck out\ " is an attleboro thing . i know i say it allll the time ! " 
lol some people are so fake hahahaha 
\i wouldnt give ah damn if she moved like ah snake on wet grass if she on some bullshit she gets cut\ " LMFAO !! " 
has quit smoking stogs . :) 
lol interesting night . fun ... but interesting . some people are such creepers haha . 
i plan on watching every episode , of every season of the bad girls club . online of course . i just cant help myself . anyone who knows me should only expect me to love this show . lol 
at least im not the only person who thinks you're a douche . :) 
i legit just mooned someone LMAO fuck it . you wanna stare ... 
i love my girlfriends <3 
i really am grateful for the amazing girls i have met in the last year or two . i dont quite know where i'd be without you girls and yall are the bestest friends i could ever ask for . <3 now , dont make me regret this post ! lol j/k ! love ya ladies you know who you are . 
I guess I will go back to sleep for a lil bit . 
you got it , you got it bad .. when you're on the phone , < PROPFEMALE > up and you call right back . 
\my body is a < PROPFEMALE > and unless you came to pray or worship .. we aint got nothin to talk about ! \ " < PROPFEMALE > true tho lmao gotta love the bad girls club . " 
yea lets just < PROPFEMALE > out with a CRACKHEAD im sure thats cute ... NOT . lol 
funny ... i have suddenly lost my appetite and to think before all this i had the munchies ! lol 
heading off to work . remember people .. you never know what you have til its gone . :) 
\but < PROPFEMALE > does it\ " lmao give me a fuckin break . " 
goodnight bitches ! 
i seriously can not STAND fake ass fuckin people . its so ridiculous . 
definitely just dropped my < PROPFEMALE > earring in the toilet . bye bye ... smh . ='[ 
wow man ... just wow 
so i seen someone today i used to be very close with .. i'll be damn but for a moment i considered the thought of her maybe being on crack ? coke ? idk .. it was kinda sad . 
doin a lil shoppin with my girl C . hope its not brutally hot outside lol 
seriously .. some girls needa stop with the talk and produce more action . big mouths .. little moves . please ... lol 
off to the mall . makin some returns and of course i gotta make some new purchases . just wouldnt be right . :) 
i love shopping . =] 
i am so annoyed by self centered attention seekers . GET OVER IT . 
drinkin a lil , and orderin a lil food for mi madre and i while we watch law abiding citizen . 
just seen my ex bf < PROPFEMALE > that i lived with in new york and for some reason felt compelled to apologize to her for all the bullshit him and i had put her through .. didnt do it though because i felt it'd be very awkward lol 
ugh ex bf's MOTHERS fb < PROPFEMALE > ! 
what do you do when a year and a half has gone by and you're still not over it ? 
its always an adventure at the cheesecake factory . 
starting to get really fed up with everyone and everything .. i really am and im pretty sure im done trying to help other people out when no one seems to try and help me .. so fuck that . 
on my way to work .. joy . 
this just might be something to make me change my mind .. 
is today fathers day ? oh im sorry .. id need one to know that day existed ! 
please person callin me with a blocked number .. tell me why you need to calll me at 4am ?? lol goodnight facebook . 
went to see my grandpa martelli today . im glad i did . he is too cute , in an old man grandpa way duh ! lol but i wish him luck with his surgery tomorrow . <3 
some people will just never get it .... its sad but hey . thats life . 
damn you can find anyone on facebook ! lol 
never again .. lol 
wow im about 2secs away from cutting off literally every friend i have in attleboro besides like 2 ppl . if you think you're one of em you're prob not . if you dont like someone dont pretend to . ENOUGH FUCKIN SAID and dont like my status messages either cuz they're prob about YOU . so if you think im ignoring you , i prob am cuz i dont want anything to do with u . no discussions or updates it is what it is and thats LIFE . 
thank you < PROPFEMALE>'s secret for allowing me to LITERALLY smell like roses 
for those who might not be up to date I'm not a rumor starter and I got plenty of people that can vouche for me cuz people know I'm not that LAME . good day . :) 
Happy fourth ! Had a good day with my girls Dre and C . Doin it up like always . Saw some pretty bomb fireworks . 
if i have the right definition of what formspring is ... sounds to me like a fake persons paradise lol sorry if you use it . <3 
i hate liars . fuck love im tired of tryin . my \ 
heart big but it be quiet 
it is so much cooler today thank you jesus . 
watching the crazies with my mom 
getting a blackberry was the worse move ive made all year . this is nuts . 
some things you just know .. they just feel right . 
i think shes a couple fries short of a happy meal 
it took me a long time girl but i now see you for what you are . i am a lil hurt not gonna lie but hey .. it is what it is . thats life . on another note .. love is nice . lol 
i love people that think they can speak to me or people in general any type of way .. i wont let it slide . lol 
you're a stupid fake bitch . 
dawon fuckin drives me NUTS . one day i know i'll appreciate him for nagging me about my future but in the moment its like STFU !!! lol 
funny ass night .. work tomorrow and cheesecake factory after with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Dre and C , ladies if im up early enough you'll be hearing from me . no promises tho lol night night people . 
you're a bunch of fake bitchesssss goodbye off my facebook . Peace ho's :) 
good day . saw my bitches Dre and C had a good time even if it wasnt for long . work tomorrow ugh but at least im working with my < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
facebook ... why show me posts that i cant comment on ?? its like dangling bacon in front of a dogs face . i want to say something !! lol 
first went the charger , now goes the bluetooth . who knows where they went ! lol 
Nothing like waking up at 3am to obnoxious voicemails . Cmon man are you serious ? I dont even have anything to say to you right now because of that shit . 
new favorite show ... ochocinco : the ultimate catch . YUM :) if you know what I mean lol 
this bitch wants me to smack her .. i swear she does .. i need to move out ASAP . 
fighting with this stupid bitch yet again ... 
why God .. must i deal with FAKE ASS people .. EVERY DAY and then be expected to keep my mouth shut , keep my cool , and act like a lady ! whyyyy lol 
my washer is back up running after too long ! i feel refreshed doing a load of laundry in the privacy and comfort of my own home again yayyyy lol 
hmm i kinda like when he's here . ; x 
damn you \mother nature\ " ! damn you ! lol " 
if i say drop it and stfu ... im pretty sure it means DROP IT AND STFU ! so dont get mad when im mad at you cuz i clearly stated continuing the conversation was going to piss me off . 
whats done in the dark will always come to light baby . 
some of you bitches have some REAL nerve lol oh and btw ; im sick . =( 
jersey shoreeeeeeeee !! <3 
i wish i had more than 2 hours today to see ur face but i'll take it .. had fun later on with my girl < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow should be crazyyyyyy cant wait !!! HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY \ 
< PROPFEMALE > ZIELINKSI <3 
im clean like a virgin in detergent and shit .. 
so two nights ago i hear 3 loud thuds outside at 2:30 am and its 4am now and the cops just left my house because the alarm went off downstairs in the pediatricians office i live above . wtf is going on ??? 
reese thinks you're a \teamster and has no feelings for you\ " so sweat him if you want .. I know I won't lol " 
all good things must come to an end .. it was good while it lasted . <3 
\never let your past make you think you'll fail at your future \"" 
bottle of Nuvo + The Cheesecake Factory = ideal fuckin day ! good times .. of course . 
like really .. some stupid bitch used my email account to create her facebook .. how do i stop this ? what do i do ???? 
with < PROPFEMALE > gettin tatted the fuck up in prov !! 
heading the fuck out this bitch . dre i'll see your ass soon ! 
definitely an adventure lol 
you can't lose something you never had 
going to do what i do best unfortunately .... spend money . lol 
why the fuck would you even fuckin fuck with that LMAO 
gettin ready then doing a lil job hunting .. feelin its time for a positive change ! 
trust ME bitch ... he definitely upgraded when he came from you to me in more ways than one ! im not worried about you tho you can have that bum ! ;) 
this the last time i write in reference to you on my wall . next time i see shit on your < PROPFEMALE > im sure is towards me im gonna take it to your inbox . dont be mad at me that this man played you . do as i did and GET THE FUCK OVER IT . by the way you really shouldnt talk about ANYONES weight when you JUST as big AND you look like a fuckin pig in the face . LITERALLY ! :) down for w/e just to get a bottle .. drunk slut . damn . 
ladies .. NEVER be afraid to voice your unhappiness in a relationship ! if for any reason you feel like you cant cuz of how the man will react .. if you doesnt respect you or isnt willing to hear you out , he's a douche bag anyway that ya dont need ! :) 
\I've never fooled anyone . I've let people fool themselves . They didn't \ 
today should be fun .... =/ 
can i please just get a lil < PROPFIRST > of sunshine ? 
food for thought : you should always do what makes you happy but sometimes u walk a fine line of looking selfish when ur willing to risk another important persons happiness for your own . 
jersey shore in 49 < PROPFEMALE > . yayyy . :) 
almost 2am and although i could definitely fall asleep right now .. id much rather take advantage of the fact i dont have work tomorrow , order a movie on demand , and stay up .. just cuz i can . :) 
about to start attempting to straighten my hair . if all goes well i'll be heading out with straight hair today lol . 
hair straightening a success ! :) nail appt then who knows ... hit me up <3 
goodnight fb :) 
they cant leave me aloneeeeeee . word . ;] 
i hate and love how i love you around . how does that happen ? so happy you here right now . :) \i got your man and you cant do anything about it ! \ " HAHA " 
i love how literally every hour you're on fb updating your status for like 7 hours straight talkin about you got money .. but no job ! LOLLL 
ok can people stop sending me event invites and messages concerning sorority life .. PLEASE . i havent played that game in a while and its quite annoying checking my event invitations to find out its not even something thats happening in real life . lol 
i dont buy scratch tickets much but today i decided to buy 2 . lets see what happens when i decide to finally scratch them . i dont think i've ever waited on scratching one either lol maybe its a sign of luck ? 
productive weekend . filled out a bunch of apps yesterday for FULL time jobs and dropped them off .. and today i am cleaning . feels good . 
Reese half asleep : if you don't stop ima fuck someone up . Me : ( asking jokingly after laughing ) whyy ? why are you so mean ? Reese half asleep : because , I hate potato skins . or whatever the fuck u call them . Lmfao 
you like sunday morning .. super easy . ;) 
another day of being as productive as possible . worked and started my first day of learning how to drive again . just trying hard as possible to be \moooovin on uppp ! \ " lol " 
I love how some of you stuck up skanks I went to high school with are STILL on that snotty high school shit but you know what I love even more ? How you look like SHIT these days and look NOTHING like the \hottie\ " you were back then . Im pretty sure you cant act like a snob when you look like a crackhead lol just sayin . ;] " 
been driving every day for the last several days .. picking up a few extra hours at work when i can .. interview tuesday at yankee candle in the mall .. MONEY IS MY MOTIVATION . :) 
fuck blackberry and fuck tmobile . hate you both . 
no , no one wants to follow you on twitter . 
this is to NO ONE , again i repeat NO ONE in specific , but im really getting tired of hearing/seeing people complain about being single when its only been a couple weeks or months ! i have been single for a year and a half by choice because im veryyy picky and i know one day the right one will come . i just dont get what the big rush is . if you keep rushing love , trust me , its never goin to happen . 
i wait for the day for a person to call me out . not for anything specifically lol but just for the instance to occur . i know id have fun with it . :) 
\You might be surprised with the speed of change once you let go of your expectations . \ " Goodnight fb . " 
if there is one thing about me i know for sure .. its that i ONLY get OVERLY pissed in situations where i cant vent my anger at that moment and i know its because i cant that i let myself get that angry to begin with . sooo frustrating ! 
that shit had me on a whole ' nother LEVEL ; WHOA . got a hair cut yesterday .. its significantly shorter and i do feel lil like i lost my security blanket but it'll grow back in time .. 
everytime i hear the pussycat dolls song \dont cha\ " and she says \ " dont cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me\ " and the girl in the back says \ " big fun\ " i think of furbies lol because thats something they were programmed to say . weird and random .. i know . " 
you know me and my fondness of being productive .. worked 8-4 , rushed to an interview ( that seemed to have gone well ) for 4:30 , squeezed in some self pampering and got my nails done , and finished the night right with one of my closest friends . great day but I'm exhausted ! 
you must be a pretty low piece of shit to create a fake profile of someone who just passed 2 days ago and bash him all over his remembrance < PROPFEMALE > . im sure you will rot in hell . r.i.p < PROPMALE > . you are eternally loved by soooo many people . i barely knew you , but with so many good words spoken about you by so many including a few of my friends , i know you were great . sleep with the angels . <3 
lovely day off starting at 7am when my co-worker called me 5 times until 8am lol went back to sleep for a lil then grabbed some coffee with my mom . hookah bar tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , patt , and some other people . should be a good night . 
some of you chicks need lessons on how to differentiate what the difference is between dudes sweating you because you're hot and dudes sweating you cuz you're a HO . lol a lot of you chicks are veryyyyy confused . 
if I had one < PROPMALE > to be granted one wish .. it'd be to show your true colors to everyone you shit on me to that thinks you're so fucking great . 
i wanna thank those who took me away from the hell i live in for the past 4-5 days . i appreciate you guys in ways you'll never know . <3 
I can run a scam before he can , better than a man . I always keep my game on this . 
watched the breakfast club and why did i get married too today .. cant you tell i had a very productive sunday ? lol if it helps .. i enjoyed them both . 
i dont think anyone understands completely how excited i am to find two new episodes of gossip girl to watch online lol so ... i will be unavailable for chat for the next two hours and probably the night now that i think of it .. i'll probably hit the sheets after . 
went to bed at 1am , woke up at 5pm . thanks cold . you've officially kicked my ass and wasted my whole day off . 
will be hitting the sheets soon unfortunately . waking up at 6:45 am . ah man . i think the last time i had to wake up that early was when i was in high school . 
no sleep lost .. but i do look at your facebook once in a blue and think about how sad it is that we cant be together for reasons only we understand . then i smile because im happy we're still able to be good friends for so many years and that i have you in my life to know good men are scarce .. but still alive and mine will come sooner than later . maybe when im done being so picky lol :) 
first impressions and friends you choose .. play a way bigger part in peoples perception of you than most consider . careful who you surround yourself with and the things they say . one persons joke .. provokes the next persons urge to start a rumor . sometimes , unintentional . 
im way too fuckin grown to be HATIN on ANY lil girls . js ..... 
Hopefully something good will come from the next batch of applications I turn in lol . at least i got some extra hours though this week at my current job . I know there's lots of people struggling to find one job so I am appreciative ... just 2 would be nice . :) 
some times shit happens and it makes me remember how much i DONT miss being in a relationship . men are headaches !!!! lol 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish\ 
for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is NOT a \ 
disease- People who are gay are not looking for a \cure\ " ... but for \ 
Do you think that if school systems werent as poorly organized and misinforming about studies as they are .. that more children would be apt to go ? I think not , but im definitely open for new ideas . Its a debate between a friend and I ... 
I'm\ 
a handful . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken ( OK ... a LOT \ 
outspoken ! ) , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes . I'm sometimes \ 
out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me\ 
at my worst , then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . If \ 
you're a handful , re-post . I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies \ 
who repost . 
they say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery ... i dont think so . 
am i the only person who still laughs casually at something that not only is it not their business but its also so not the right time to laugh ? i know im instigating but i cant help it lol . 
why the hell is the font on my facebook suddenly SUPER small ? 
wiping my hands clean of the dramatics . 
almost 2 years later , i still think about you EVERY day . 
attention mechanic st. residents .. just because you so happen to semi-consistently park your car on THE SIDE OF THE ROAD right in front of your house .. does NOT mean that is YOUR parking spot . thanks . 
-\ 
\you dont have to lose the ' the girl ' to be a woman .. you just need\ 
great , I feel like shit . 
loves that in the past 20 minutes has seen 3 statuses that are young money quotes . 
wtf its < PROPFEMALE > as helllll !!! 
wish i had some smartwater . D: 
get the fuck over yourself . :D and yea NOW im TALKING SHIT . i dont take well to condescending comments . now you know . 
been having the craziest dreams lately .. 
so anyone out there willing to make a very important phone call for me since tmobile just shut allllll my phone lines off ? IM PISSED . 
i love how not ONE person could help me . lol kinda has me rethinking all the fuckin help i give to others . 
you know what i think is absolutely ridiculous ... that i feel the need to look over my shoulder and watch my back walking the streets of downtown ATTLEBORO . lol smh fake ass wanna be thugs running around . so dumb . 
i think spitefulness is probably ONE OF the most unattractive qualities a person could possess . just sayin .. 
“Love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves , and not to twist \ 
them to fit our own image ... otherwise we love only the reflection of \ 
ourselves” 
< PROPMALE > will be releasing a limited editon < PROPFEMALE > Minaj \Pink Friday 4\ " lipstick ... will definitely be purchasing that .. cant wait ! " 
damn crazy fire next to the citgo at the lights on thacher st. .. saw some flames and cops searching a rhode island car parked in an awkward spot right across the street .. oh and an awesome plus , i might be on the news .. in my lovely off day attire . hope i dont look too bad lol . 
awesome night last night with of course awesome people . great success lol . I know its early BUT happy birthdayyyy < PROPFEMALE > cost ! :) 
wondering if I have I \dumb bitch\ " written on my forehead in ink only visible to man . cuz I sure do deal with some idiots who have me mistaken for one . " 
to you its $10 , to me its a fuckin principle . fuck little boys . 
wiping my hands clean , and when people bring up your name i'll pretend i never knew you . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s hot 97 interview has lil < PROPFIRST > maaaaaaad ! made her go and release a diss track within a couple days .. i love how she plays the interview in the beginning in the song and cuts it off saying \shut the fuck up\ " RIGHT before < PROPFEMALE > was really about to make her look dumb lol . lil < PROPFIRST > you's a haterrrrrrr ! haha " 
get the f*ck off your high horse . g'night . 
pink friday : in non-stop rotation . < PROPFEMALE > documentary on mtv tonight at 10pm . TOO EXCITED ! 
yea , you've been doing this a little longer than me , but i can do it just as well and id LIKE to help you . when you deny that , you make me feel like less of a person . 
please dont make me look stupid . 
\nobody understands your own pain but you\ " -lyric ( bad girls club lol ) " 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite childhood cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook only childhood memories by Monday to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word ! 
she fell asleep ... peace for an hour ? maybe ? lol .. 
\i'll be here to believe in you even when you're too stupid to believe in your damn self \"" 
i could really use a wish right now . 
i thought you were a cool girl and now i just think you're an immature BIG MOUTH BITCH . thank you for the good times tho now its time you be gone . :) 
phones turned off once again .. at least i have the internet ... right ? sheesh . i would ask for someone to do me the lovely favor of making an important phone call for me pertaining my phone < PROPMALE > but i know no one will come thru or it will be someone who cant help lol anyway .. off to make the best of a rainy sunday . 
\i dont think i was ever right in a argument with you\ " - a friend but LOL . i love that . " 
tabloid magazines now have commercials ? 
twisted tea . half & half . 
i cant promise i wont make use of your lighter while i have it if you leave it with me , but i do promise to give it back . :) 
funny how life works . definitely an emotional roller coaster ride i feel like you got me on lol but .. i miss you too fuck face . you'll hear from me asap . <3 
wow .. you're a skank . 
Im tired of being sick and I’m sick of being tired , \ 
Tired of these n#@ ! as and tired of these b#@ ! hes . \ 
Sh*t let em lie as long as they aint snitchin . 
i definitely dont mind spending xmas alone .. no problem . smh . 
Hi . They call me the voice of reason . Goodnight . :) 
pretending to be something your not is a waste of the person you really are . 
lmao @ stank bitches threatening to call the cops on me . if you're scared SHUT YOUR MOUTH ! :) 
lmao so < PROPFIRST > beiber is on < PROPFEMALE > i guess and when my mom comes to tell me she says \your boyfriend < PROPFIRST > what his last name ..? beaver ? < PROPFIRST > beaver is on < PROPFEMALE >\"." 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Finally got my < PROPFEMALE > Minaj M.A.C. Pink Friday lipstick . Id only been waiting about a month for it to come in the mail . :) 
to all you people who have parents who help you with everything you need to progress in life and be successful appreciate them because some of us dont get shit ! 
dropped off two more applications today .. have another one to drop off tomorrow . i desperately need a 2nd job . if anyone knows anyone in attleboro/north attleboro who is hiring let me know please ! 
tomorrow is my birthday ... yay . WICKED excited ..... lol cant you tell ? 
jersey shore .. 45 < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
if you set high standards for the opposite sex you better make sure YOUR ass is bringing something to the table as well . 
But how u supposed to find the one when anyone will come with u ? \ 
Talkin to myself but I never listen cuz man its been a while & I swear that this ones different . \ 
Thats why ima take u anywhere u wanna go let u meet my friends , so they can lecture me again , about how reckless I have been . \ 
& im slowly runnin out of all the time that I invested makin all the same mistakes\ 
& I swear im just trying to correct it & I fall . 
ive done nothing to you but try to be a friend .. but you deemed me as not trust worthy without ever bringing an issue to my face .. so now , now that ive discovered you're more of a shitty person than i could ever be .. im going to be that person you've assumed i am . =) 
patron in my cup . 
fillin out apps cuz i prefer an HONEST living . =] 
although , YES , i did wake up way later than a newly unemployed person should .. i still made my rounds today ( Moday ) and picked up SEVERAL new applications . have some serious business to handle tomorrow that will take up my whole day in a GOOD way ( God willing ) so i hope to have them turned in by Thursday . somethings got to give eventually . i wont stop . 
\logic is very mackish\ " loll " 
if you're white ... unless you're singing along to a rap , there is NO reason or excuse as to why you should be using \nigga\ " in ANY context . idc where you grew up or where you're from .. i could preach the same it doesnt matter .. that shit just doesnt sound right and you look like a wigger . sorry ! " 
love that I woke up and a hour later I'm still up and can't fall back asleep for the life of me . 
although im happy because im here on earth , but some men ( including my father ) should never be aloud to procreate or be a dad . they actually shouldnt have been created themselves .. they're just a waste of space on earth and oxygen . it takes a MAN to be a father and threatening to hit your child and/or a woman surely doesnt make you one . go to hell . 
whats up lately with the transition from asking \how are you ? \ " to \ " you ok ? \ " ? i keep thinking people are asking me if something is wrong .. it doesnt make sense . lol " 
like i always say .. if you're not 100% sure whats going on .. you're best just SHUTTIN THE F UP . lol 
cause i aint gotta lie , cross my heart hope to die . 
on the job hunt HARD . ive put in almost 20 apps and signed up for the temp agency lol so something better be coming my way soon ! interview tomorrow and i might be a dress barn employee that day as well HOPEFULLY ! so we'll see ! * keeping my fingers crossed * 
is there ANYONE who hasnt received their w2's yet or is it just me ? 
$970 ... i just ... i dont even know . 
\ni@ @a got the peep hole to my soul \"" 
\im half past 7 o'clock all by my lonely ''" 
having Eczema is AWESOME ! :| 
remembers the day when blackberry and apple were just fruit . 
$970 phone < PROPMALE > credited down to $160 phone < PROPMALE > = < PROPMALE > SUCCESS ! thanks tmobile lol about time you did something good for my life . 
lets see if i can get a job off THIS bunch of apps i picked up today ... sheesh . 
Natural Bad Ass - NBA . 
men lie , women lie , < PROPFIRST > dont . 
not in the mood for the dentist . ugh . 
dont get me wrong the notebook is great but a walk to remember ( with < PROPFEMALE > moore ) ALWAYS has me fighting back tears lol that movie is deep . 
it take a certain type of woman to teach .. to be far from hood , but to understand the streets . 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy , Got mad at you .. Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back , ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship , paste this to your status and see if they know who they are ! ? 
I’m living in the future so the presence is my past . \ 
My presence is a present kiss my ass . 
every interview ive been on ive had the outlook of either its better than my last job or its the same , but id appreciate either just to say i am actually employed . this job i went to an interview for today though .. i would be ECSTATIC if i got it . keeping my fingers crossed . it'd be my first full time job in 5 years . pray for me all you religious folk , please ! =] 
no .... im pretty sure its cuz you're a whore . 
maybe i HAVE gotten myself deeper than i planned .. i expected it but never this deep but i CAN say this ( and yes sometimes my pride is so important to me and i pick the wrong battles ) but i will NOT let ANYONE f'n punk me . so bring it to me if you wanna . i really dont even care no more cuz you got me f'ckd up . =] 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a shit . repost this if your proud of who you are ! 
enjoying my last few days unemployed . yup , thats right . got a job bitches ! & dont ask me where cuz i dont wanna hear it if i dont feel like telling you . someone is running around this area really telling my business . so , for that matter .. while im here ... PSA : MOOKIE is NOT my boyfriend and i do NOT work at dunkin donuts so FUCK WHAT YOU HEARD ! thank you all , have a GREAT day . bcc or < PROPFIRST > college , here i come . =] 
first day of work today ... it was long but went smoothly . at least i got to work with a cool chick she made the time a lil less boring . im excited tho to dive in and learn and to lose the \new girl\ " title lol HATE that . " 
getting ready for work @ 4 . plans after = coming home and relaxing ! 
well .. looks like i'll be avoiding the shell station up the street from my house .. lol 
work then food shopping .. see ya later kiddies . 
Made it home from work and grocery shoppin just in time for Jersey Shore . :) 
the amount of people I see EVERY day while working at the mall not AT ALL paying attention to their kids is ridiculous . I see numerous toddlers aimlessly wandering around parentless .. or frantic parents searching for their child that took off while they were too busy gossiping or texting/on the phone . then you wonder why you're kids get snatched up ! let's get it together ppl ! 
< PROPFEMALE > you're a DUMB ASS BITCH . 
chillin with < PROPFEMALE > Cost and Patt Lawton like old times . 3 musketeers haha :) 
sometimes life is just too much for me lol .. 
Its pretty sad when a GROWN man can't even fight his own battles so who does he turn to .. women . Lmao no bitchassness !! 
SOMETIMES ( not all the time lol ) we need to stop analyzing the past .. stop planning the future .. stop trying to figure out precisely how we feel .. stop deciding with our mind what we want our heart to feel and sometimes we just have to go with \whatever .. happens .. happens\ " -some random person " 
i act this way because i love yall . 
\Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt . \"" 
AWESOME sleep i had .. waking up about ten times throughout the night . im sure work will be just as AWESOME lol . have a good Saturday people . :) 
you got a newborn ? that's ... interesting . LMFAO . 
I can't remember the last time ( if ever ) I came home from work and went straight to lay down . That double KICKED MY ASS . Def not the best first 12 hour workshift experience lol my feet will prob fall off tonight . Goodnight everyone . :) 
omg im a gangster cuz i went to jail for like 7 days . WHOAAAA . smmfh . 
I gotta check into rehab , cuz baby you're my disease . 
thanks dunkin donuts . getting rid of me was the best thing you could have done for me . i get 3x the amount of hours where im at now . :) 
this vicious cycle , why ? i work so hard to fall back down & the pain you cause reminds me of why i never want to fall in love again to feel the heartbreak after . when in reality i'm lonely with love . you're clouding my judgment and ruining my < PROPFEMALE > tale . go away . im OK without you smh . ([ work 4-close ]) 
\Excuse me but who are you fixin ' to be ? Let them muthafuckas know its plenty fish in the sea\ " - < PROPFEMALE > :) " 
sooo NOT a morning person . work 9:45 -4 . nap after I'm pretty sure . 
Too bad you are who you are cuz truth be told I actually did enjoy being your friend . Get your head out the clouds , or your ass rather . 
food for thought : 1/2 of you people complain about \realness\ " but you cant even handle it . so \ " us\ " REAL folk dont know where to draw the line . you want to be honest but what happens when you know \ " the truth hurts\ " ? dont call the next person fake in the expense of your insecurities . sometimes YOU give US no choice because you cant handle truth ! " 
although we've come .. to the end of the road .. still i cant let go . 
shower . nails . then mall and chillin with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Cost . :) 
interview for job #2 tomorrow . only looking for a couple days so we'll see how it goes . what do i have to lose ? 
wow . well it is what it is . 
but love got a funny way of catchin up to lies . 
i see you trying to knock down the great wall of < PROPFEMALE > lol <3 
How could you be so heartless ? 
I hate when chicks wear heels with a sweatshirt . Like what the hell , those do no go together . :/ 
my anger comes from always being misunderstood . 
how many times does the ambulance wih the sirens going off have to beep at you before u realize \hey what are all those LOUD ass sounds ? \ " lol " 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up cupcake ! Life doesn't revolve around you !! 
“I , with a deeper instinct , choose a man who compels my strength , who makes enormous demands on me , who does not doubt my courage or my toughness , who does not believe me naive or innocent , who has the courage to treat me like a woman . ” -A SMART woman ! 
dont get amped ... lol i just added you to see what you'd say . 
always something lol 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
I'm on the road to riches , there's just a lil traffic . 
