Motherhood and wifery . My kids are CRAZY . A true reflection of there father and mother combined . Everyday is such a blessing . I am the happiest I have ever been now that we are on track . Can't wait till daddy gets home . Life will become even more pe 

FYI- Cabela's supports our troops . I called them & asked if they could give me a discount because I was trying to buy a commercial dehydrator and jerky slicer to make lots of jerky to send - they fit my budget which was dropping prices like 150$ - Just wanna let everyone know cuz I think that's awesome 
The surgery hurt but i am back home again . His family is one of the most complicated but caring families around . 
Sent a package yesterday lets see how long it takes to get there ! 
Wish < PROPFIRST > was here . School is crazy so are kids . 
Back to homework maybe with enough tylenol I can sleep tonight . God Bless our troops and keep them safe . 
Watching Tinkerbell & the Lost Treasure . Good Night you all 
MY heart & prayers go out 2 the soldiers & civilians that lost there lives today @ Fort Hood . Mayb the government should consider relieving some stress on soldiersu know there wrong no one's mentioning when the pyschiatrist goes psycho . Remember R troops that R deployed & fighting all around the world so we don't have 2 worry bout Tshopping centers & churches getting blown up . Say a prayer 4 everyone . 
HAHAHA I have taken over my computer ...... homework comes first little one ! 
I love playing dress up when kids are asleep . When I grow up I want to be a cosmotologist 
Working out with Megan-ouch ! Got babysitting for NEW < PROPFEMALE > 10 days ooohhh freakin ya baby 
< PROPMALE > is sitting up , < PROPMALE > is out for the night ... Megan is crazy along with Alyssa ... we all miss daddy come home soon and freakin call in the mean time yo ! 
can't believe i chose not to sleep in and then the butt thinks i < PROPMALE > up on him ! 
I miss my husband :( our kids are loving crazy . 
Happy Veteran's Day 
so tired can't sleep .... miss my husband 
Look I enrolled in an online University and the quoted the classes @ $750 each I did my first class and now they just tried to charge me $1590 for the second class ??? Stay tuned cuz I am gonna inform everyone of there shaningans if they don't fix it ! 
Watching \The Notebook\ " about to have a sob-fest with < PROPFEMALE > and finished half of the Christmas shopping for my musically talented babies .... Missing my husband " 
Gonna punch my niece's stupid little boyfriend in the face .... screw all guys named < PROPMALE > except your brother < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And someone please inform my sweet niecy that long distance relationships only work if he works at it too ! Little boys+distance = full of crap stories as to y they didn't call . 
Missing my husband 
tell her to dump \jake the flake\ " ... or just be happy " 
Congratulations on being < PROPMALE > free !!!! Way to go !!!! I miss my husband 
Two weeks until marital bliss ... I can't freakin wait I can't freakin wait I can't freakin wait ... oh damn I am gonna have to convert back to Pacific Time huh ? 
Hey guys I got hecka good christmas presents at musiciansfriend.com they are sturdy and good quality . Come Christmas my kids will have an entire band for less then $200 . 
My husband is awesome and I miss can't wait to you !!!!! 
i have my own personal malibu < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
We watched my sisters keeper :( 
OMG the first class is done only 117 more credits to go .. marital bliss in 9 days ! EEAKK !!! 
I miss my husband and can't stop counting the days . Stay Safe 
Happy Thanksgiving to those here and I hope you had a great Thanksgiving to our family members over there .... 
Blissful and hopelessly in love with my husband I can't wait to see you I am so nervous and happy I feel like I am 18 years old again . EEeKkkk ! 
So freakin excited I can't contain myself 
Watchin the notebook again ... i think this might become a Saturday Night regular activity while he's gone ... I am so excited 
Dude i am so freakin excited-er-est can't sleep and < PROPFEMALE > decide on a freakin picture you're beautiful in all of them 
Prayers go out to the officers families that lost there lives today . Please don't let this get any closer to my house its scary . Please bring my husband home safe soon . 
URG ! 
Wow ... all I can say is wow . To < PROPFEMALE > when you wake up I am sorry and I tried to stop your uncle 
Its our Christmas and snowing how wonderful 
I am so sad my partner is gone half a world away again . I have the children and my surrounding to remind me of his presence until next time . There are so many more celebrations to attend throughout the next year without him . There will be that empty chair there and his cocky smile in the back of my mind and in my heart 
Missing my husband wish he could call . Kids missing daddy again , they are confused now and think daddy is at the airport again . :( 
Missing my husband wishing he could call so I could talk to him 
Poor < PROPMALE > was up all night sick I hope he gets better soon 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Missing my husband :( 
I think he is back to his old ways again- but I still miss him 
It's cold here too !!!! I miss my husband 
Waiting up for my niece like an anxious mom ! What-The-Heck ! That's not fair maybe a boring movie will calm my nerves ? 
Sweet girl your uncle < PROPMALE > will be happy with the November Wedding - dont be sad we can all be there now 
Stared Pysch 300 today - i am amped 
I love my husband and am sooo happy I could talk with him for < PROPFIRST>'s day :) 
MEGAN ~ come back to Washington 
Please pray for my little sister < PROPFIRST > to be alright 
Thank you everyone and my sister is out of the hospital now and back home . Happy birthday to my other sister far away i hope today is great for you 
is Missing my husband ... < PROPFEMALE > you should come back to Washington :( 
Loving my babies and have the beef jerky on the dehydrator . Miss my husband . < PROPFEMALE > should come back to Washington :( 
Loving my sleeping babies and missing my husband . 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ........ Mather Air Force Base , California 
I am way tooo bored .................................................................................................................................................................. 
I am sick blah but we are getting better .... the seeds are growing well ! 
Still sick but we are getting better hopefully the babes can see \dragons in 3-d\ " tomorrow I really don't want them puking in the theater . Hopefully today everyone gets better . " 
These guys are doing a little better ... we saw the movie today it was really cute but a lot more violent then what I expected and its all about the Vikings which I know certain of my family members will love !!!!! 
I got smart and ordered my school text book from Amazon to save $100 and to not burn my eyes staring at the computer . 
Startin Psych 310 tonight These babies are wonderful I love our family so much 
Went to the doctors then PX and the Easter < PROPFEMALE > was there !!!!! 
Just watched \Dear John\ " and they didnt hold to Sparks ending of the story- I am so thrilled it was good but she still should have never left him that was some Jacked up $# ! T " 
It sounds gross but tastes good ... take vienna sausages simmer in brown sugar and ketchup and serve - nummy ..... yumm kids love them 
How come I did not get a Spring Break like the kids ? Oh well , Week 2 of Psych 310 starts today .. happy readining ! 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family ! Let's see who is on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and post this on your status . I will be watching to SEE !!! :) 
Bored and going to start reading more homework ... I hope today will be a great day . 
Good night got my DQ questions posted ... perhaps I should have saved some rebuttles to post until tomorrow ... oh well this class is fun . Love my children and family 
Please say a prayer for my little sister < PROPFIRST > she is back in hospital again from her Type 1 Diabetes .... Thank you guys 
All my participation in class last week for an 87% grrrrrr .... I have to learn APA formatting better ..... I am off to studying yes it 8:30 a.m. ! 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you feeling down , who is your world , and a man you can thank God for every night , Copy and Paste this to your profile with you anniversary date : 1-24-2005 
I am just so mind-boggled I need to go somewhere and get away to think see my peoples and feel like a person again . I can manage school from a distance for a week or two . I am so frustrated . 
I can not wait until I am given the gift of visiting those who I hold most dearly to my heart .... even if it takes a while to get there :) 
http://larouchepac.com/lpactv?nid=9757 
I love my life ! Today it is school work and lots of it ... Report on < PROPMALE > Adler and his contributions and contrast to other psychologist .... hmmmmm ....... 
Poor baby < PROPMALE > has double ear infection .. gave him meds doc says pain will go away by tomorrow ... i am thankful for this life . 
Yay , he stood up , aimed , pointed and made it !!!!! I think Little < PROPMALE > is at the last phase of potty training guys ! 
Being bored we played for 6 hours straight , ate pizza . I finished my homework this morning and now , now I think I am going to go relax and try to lay down some maniac babies ... I love being a momma . 
If I am a first year student and they are a 3rd or 4th how come I understand the assignement and they don't ???? Grrr ..... I love my babies .... 
Sending my thoughts and prayers .... 
I miss my crazy husband ... my thoughts and prayers go out to my family members 
And < PROPMALE > will hand < PROPFEMALE > her new dlsr camera for her birthday . < PROPFEMALE > will take < PROPMALE > to California for his and then the month of December shall be sacred and < PROPFEMALE > time spent alone with children , God and Jesus .... 
I miss my husband but i am having a great week . On to the psych 310 final ! 
Husband , message me okay ? Love you we are doing well . I am behind n school though , today was ditch day ! 
Oh thank goodness i just finished my work due last Monday now I have to complete my final tomorrow and then hopefully get out of this Class ... Five weeks a Psych class is somewhat demanding :) ... well when you add on three kids and all sorts of appointments and obligations .. I LOVE LIFE 
Hey ! Does anyone know of a good but affordable camera to do long exposure photography ? I really want to get one for my birthday but want to make sure it is worth the investment . 
Guys my husband is the best and I hope everyone gets someone they deserve .... Today he bought me this crazy camera I have been bugging him for .. for months for my birthday ... it is in August ! I asked for it so I could practice and perfect shooting and he bought it for me ... what a man .. he backs up his crazy chick ! 
k .. i was thinking and they need to make a pixar film or mainstream cartoon where Jesus is a \superhero\ " He basically rescued people and my kids digest cartoons easiest ... it would be better if < PROPMALE > went around trying to heal people and change water to wine instead of chopping off heads of mythical creaters ... anyone now a good christian animation besides veggie tales ? " 
Kids and I measure time in events .... 13 fridays until moms birthday and 18 fridays until < PROPMALE > starts school ! 
Kids and I measured time in events ... now there is 12 more fridays until moms birthday and 17 more until < PROPMALE > starts school ! Shrek the final chapter is next Fridays event ! 
< PROPMALE > in grouchland ...... I love our little punky 
Tired .... wanna sleep but swat team blocked off street and is couple houses down .... why dont we live on base ? 
I miss our little puppy we havent bought yet !!!!!! Kids are crazy .... well so am I !!! ( shhhhh .... it helps ! ) 
It thursday ... that means almost weekend time and definately time to read up on homework today . As of today 16 more Fridays until < PROPMALE > starts preschool ... tomorrow it will be 15 more fridays ! I count those in episodes of Smallville lol . 
Wow !!!!! I mowed the lawn hooray !!!!!! It looks good too ! :) Time for homework 
Friday it children's choice day . I love these babies as crazy as ever . They are growing so fast . Life is such a blessing . 
Sunday is NASCAR !!!!!! 
Loved the victory lap in reverse ... kids went wild ... wish there was a track around here . Why is my four year old asking for \her credit card to put in my wallet ? \"" 
The midnight sky is beautiful . < PROPFEMALE > is out . Poor < PROPMALE > woke up throwing up hopefully he is better now poor little guy < :( > 
I miss < PROPFIRST > 
Seriously , why don't they put another oil rig out there and attach the piping or start a new pipeline to bring the oil to the coast ? If its gonna take a year to stop it .... why dont they harvest it instead ? See this is why someone who RAN a state is better then someone who showed there pretty face for a state . 
Good Morning . Finishing up my final on facial feedback hypothesis and how it is applicant to the event-appraisal-emotion theory . Then just Astronomy 151 ... oh yeah !!!! They still wanna know when Pooka comes home :( 
Psych 355 is completed and < PROPMALE>'s sleeping n his NEW Lightning McQueen bed . Today was good ! 
Well , at least < PROPMALE > made it half way thru the night in his new Lightning McQuuen bed Daddy bought ! LOL !!! 
Praying for < PROPFEMALE > that everything will be alright . You should say a prayer for her too she deserves the best . 
< PROPFEMALE > Litzinger\ 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who haslost the battle with cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Getting nervous ... going to meet the puppies and figureout if one is our newest family member !!!! 
Duke is the newest baby . He shares April as the birthday month along with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . This one is an Aries so its okay . April 8 , 2010 our baby boy Duke was born and we took him home today at 9 weeks and 1 day . He is my favorite color pattern and has the most amazing blue eyes . And he is absolutely in love with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Such wonderful weather I love the spring/summer time here . Just nice enough to take a hoody in the car in case . 
IF I could remember the name of the street on bodega bay that my cousin < PROPFIRST>'s dads family owned that part of the marina .... maybe I could remember his last name .... I am so frustrated I remember the Cows and the hills but not the name of the street ... grrrr and It's not like I can drive there right now :( 
Wow I should have < PROPFEMALE > ted my homework ealier . HAYABUSA landed last night ( I already knew that ) but the average temperature of the earth is only 288 < PROPMALE > which means 59 degrees farenheit for us .... urghhh they should have explained that atronomy is nothing but < PROPFEMALE > related math I would have taken it earlier . 
Suppose a planet has a reflectivity of 0.25 . What is the approximate range of distances from the Sun at which the planet's average surface temperature would be between 0 degrees celcuis and 100 degrees celcuis ( the range in which water is liquid under Earth's atmospheric pressure) ? 
I am so bored . I love my kids and puppy .... but how come the puppy takes orders better then the kids ? 
Life is good the kids are being good the puppy is delightful 
It is a cloudy day we went shopping for movie snacks and now are going to start a \land before time\ " marathon . Feel blessed to have such wonderful babies . " 
Gonna find a \hot momma\ " dress soon so I can greet my husband looking good :) Starting the browsing process ... warning !!!!!! " 
K . I am getting mad because they don't make \hot momma\ " dresses in size \ " Stick figure- Extra tall\ " Grrrrrr ....... u would think with that unspoken requirement runway models have to be 5'9\ " plus and under 130 that I could find something ? Ha no !!! Any suggestions ? \ " hot momma means conservative but subtly attractive \"" 
I can not wait to practice more photography with my camera :) 
Hopinh my husband will allow us to bring our nephew up to play for the summer 
Bored as fuck been waiting to talk to scot t-t hat was the point of kids going to dycare today but whatev ... enjoyed time to myself 
I may have been stood up by my own husband but .... today is a great day !! House is re-arranged I was able to add more to my homework and spend much time with my babies they are almost ready for bed already and loving there little ducky beds all in a row 
okay should have seen it coming . If little < PROPFIRST>'s nickname is < PROPFIRST > y and < PROPFIRST>'s nickname is < PROPMALE > why didnt we anticipate that Duke's nickname would be Dukey ? LOL 
So freakin stoked ... I think < PROPFIRST > is coming here .... kids are bouncing off the walls .. trying to confirm this but having minor difficulties . 
I am being compelled to go buy a microwave so i can make my 7 minute floppy french fries ... hmmmmmm .... maybe i will just finish my DQ's instead :( ... ummmmm french fries 
Just got the best letter in the world ..... love you < PROPFIRST > 
It has been 271 days since we saw the temperature over 75- that was september 29th of last year and it was 81 degrees :) I am stressing on these essay questions even though I did the learning team assignment . 
Waiting to talk to the most amazing man .... this makes me feel like a kid again !!!!!! 
Okay I just accepted my scholarship and I am mailing it in ... I am renewing my commitment to develop a better understanding of my childrens pysche . 
wow < PROPFEMALE > has such a crush on Big Time Rush it's adorable !!!!! 
OMG who is gonna watch eclipse with me .... think I could convince grandma too ? Think this one might be a little dark for her ? 
Studying foundations of cosmology while sitting in the sun-talk to a wonderful man already and enjoying this beautiful weather ... not ready for 75 yet though 
Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > , my sister in law has some health issues that are big . Her 12 yr old may read this post so keep it simple . You guys who need the info message me and I will pass on what I know . She has to do more extensive test now to see if there is \more\ " other places . I love you guys all my family whether we are together or not . Life is precious please do not take time/ life for granted .... ever " 
Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > , my sister in law has some health issues that are big . Her 12 yr old may read this post so keep it simple . You guys who need the info message me and I will pass on what I know . She has to do more extensive test now to see if there is \more\ " other places . I love you guys all my family whether ... we are together or not . Life is precious please do not take time/ life for granted .... ever " 
With one swift snip i brought my five-heaad back to a forehead status ... not to sure i like bangs but the kids love it ! 
The zoo was adorable big kids loved it and came away with cool t-shirts . 
Gonna light some MORTARS in a couple more minutes ... hehehehe this time i am waiting for babies to sleep so I can enjoy ... muahahahahahahahaha !!!!! 
I know that in studying astronomy they try to disprove God and creation science but the more I study this class ... it just affirms God is real and good and we are so blessed . There couldn't have been nothing and then something ... really there was nothing then an overheated atomic particle ... really ??? That is where God and Heaven exist ... we will see it in our own time don't be so pressured . 
I miss my husband :( 
Watching Waterboy finishing Week 4 homework .... I start my final tonight tooo ... eeek I forgot I start Health class tomorrow . Doubling up on classes is fun and exciting but kind of complicated for Summer 
Washington believes in real Fireworks I am soooo in love right now . Homework done and kids winding down from fireworks ... Love this day ! 
Finishing up Astronomy and completing final while starting Health ... man courses are alot harder when the instructors have are Dr. ' s .... lol I can't wait to get back to the Psychology courses :) 
So much work to do today and tomorrow , homework and housework then grandma is coming then the 4th - Yay 
Today was really busy ... and I barely got to talk to my husband ' sobs ' but .... now I have my homework done for both classes tonight and a good portion of my reading down-my final is on what types of stars have life bearing planets and how do we detect them . Health is not as easy as I thought homework was due right away on Day2- I love a good challenge !!!!! 
So much preperation for the weekend and homework !!! AHHHHHH . I miss my husband and the ability to punch him in the arm when upset :( 
It was a busy day today ... time to catch up on sleep then assemble my final for presentation early tomorrow ! Love this life miss my husband . 
Woohoo just turned in my rough portion of final for Astronomy . I am excited Health class seems to be going good . Can not wait for the 4th . This is a great weekend . 
Beautiful night glad we could share it . Watched the little ones slowly fall asleep ... we miss u so much . These fireworks are awesome !!!!! 
DONE WITH ASTRONOMY FINAL AND WEEK 1 HEALTH !!!!! Yay ! I LOVE MY BABIES 
Today was a very active day . Wow glad it is night time hopefully I can get my chapters in tomorrow ! 
WHY o WHY did I not check my syllabus better ? How could I miss that an entire assignment was due ... really ? Why in the only class I have gotten a low grade in ? Stars ... why does my love for the stars always get me in trouble ???? grrr ...... 
Finished tonights Dq's can not wait for tomorrow its supposed to be 94 :) 
No ocean today :( but good family time still :) maybe we will find and air conditioner 
Cleaning house today and going grocery shopping ... hmmmm .... what sounds yummy ? 
Yay ... even though I missed an assignment by overlooking it we aced the team project and I passed still have a B average so I am happy :) 
I-5 UGHHH friday night traffic ...... In Cali this was the rural interstate !!!!! 
I miss my husband so much ... wish I could give him a hug 
She packs . She moves . She follows . Why ? What for ? How come ? You may think she has lost her mind . But actually , she's lost her heart . It was stolen from her by a man . A man who puts duty first , who longs to deploy , who salutes the flag , and whose boots in the doorway remind her that as long as he is her Military Husband , she will remain his Military Wife . Repost if you're proud of your Soldier ! 
Watching remember me 
I really remember me even though it got bad reviews . I think it was good 
Comforting a good intented broken heart of a wonderful girl . 
Can't wait to see my niecy 
I keep daydreaming about all 5 of us laying on the end of bed with feet by pillows on a friday night watching a family movie .. < PROPFEMALE > by my side , Scotts in the middle and < PROPMALE > on the outside with Duke on the floor , I can't wait !!!!!! 
A U . S . military member somewhere in the world is missing their family , while you're at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military appreciation week . Re-post this status if your in ... the Military , love a Military member or hold memories of a Fallen Hero 
This is a repost but read it deeply :\ 
God gave NO answer to Job's pain \ 
for 39 CHAPTERS ! Only silence ! Trials test ourfaith\ 
by not knowing how far we are from chapter 40 ! 
Running around piecing stuff together for a birthday party ... loving my babies 
Good meaningful day with so much accomplished .... my thoughts are still on overdrive . 
Today's hectic but much accomplished .. NoT avoiding anyone !! babys broke laptop so i have to log on via dinosaur cp or update thru text- call if u need something 
Its getting exciting they r practicing for air expo 2010 outback !!!! 
Aunts can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ! I\ 
have the best nieces and nephews in the world !! I am SO VERY VERY\ 
BLESSED ! ( If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , post this\ 
to your status . ) 
Half my Washington crew will be here tomorrow so freakin excited .... I just wish my husband could be coming here too ..... hahah my post are private ... Yo homie I miss you 
If they had a female version of \love the way u lie\ " by eminem man ..... read the lyrics " 
Watching Dear < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > crotcheting on the \worry blanket \"" 
Movie night with most of the fam .... :) Woohooo 
Bye < PROPFEMALE > we love you Washington will miss you ! Love you ! 
Yeah so pyscho or person that broke in is freaking stalking the house now ... great . Called the cops they said they can boost patrol .. but what about after she is gone ? WTF I am a little annoyed at this point but still having fun at least we have someone to share my normally outrageous experiences with ... Why is my life a soap opera ? 
Haunting mothering experience of the day : Chasing your freshly bathed baby down to get a diaper on him because he has diarrhea and has thought that was funny since he first woke up . Geez ! 
my husband let sleep in before he left-i havent seen him in 7 months now ... as of the 20th we will have been together 10yrs & on 31st is our boys 3rd bday-miss u 
If \wiki\ " is endangering r soldiers by publishing classified info .... why doesnt someone \ " leak\ " the address of the publisher of the website ???? " 
Missing my husband but we are being snackish enjoying kids movies ! 
About to be done with my health class !!!! Next up World Religious practices and then back to the core Psychology Courses for another year .... really debating the pharmacology course for November .. I think I can .... I think I can 
Just bought got an Iphone .... I was checking on the website to see if I needed deposit before I talked to hubby to put everything on the table and well , I didnt need a deposit ... oops ... Scott wanna Iphone ? I am switching to AT&T . Love you sorry only phone that does my schoolwork ! 
wierd shit 
Gonna go play with the horses soon . Kids are excited , even < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > will be a cowboy to ride horses , heee-haw ! Lol I love our kids :) 
Busy day tomorrow . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > got the duplex in nisqually it was gorgeous ! Gonna ride some horsies in morning then base & frg meeting . Need to check my new syllabus to make sure nothings do ! 
I am afraid of turning 30 tomorrow so instead I will be 29 for the second year . K ? 
Wow I got the steam cleaning all but one room done I even fit in the 2007 birthday present- the tiger throw rug got steam cleaned- smells so fresh ... yummy . Now on to the laundry and I am cheating and got pizza for dinner tonight and tomorrow . Kids are behaving so they can have a cake tomorrow :) Miss you husband . I still have to fit homework in here somewhere !!!! 
Thank you for everyone who wished me a happy birthday . It was great and relaxing yesterday . I dropped < PROPFEMALE > off to go meet her future mother-in-law tomorrow morning , hopefully that goes well . 
Looking for that perfect welcome home dress(Again ) and they still are not making anything in size extra tall stick ... well that is conservative . 
K . I am moving to Montana and getting a fat ranch . My husband will be a sheriff and so many home made meals @ 5pm are gonna make him have that little sheriff pot belly . I can't wait ..... okay maybe I am a little delusional but it will happen . < PROPFEMALE > says so and I am positively thinking :) 
Got homework done really early been waiting for kids to fall asleep for 3 hours now . 
I am so annoyed by the fact it always shows no one available to chat but I know not everyone is invisible .... is anyone else's face book < PROPFEMALE > messed up like that ? 
K . I am starting to get so excited I can't handle myself . Time to go get a pizza , slow down and watch Monsters vs . Aliens with the babies . 
Wow .... just wow my phone records in HD ... I will be so mind boggled for days ...... 
K once I come up with a good strong guys name .... I am going to marry my IPod after < PROPFIRST > dumps me . I have an astronomy app that tells me which constellation I am looking at and all the scientific and mythical information along with coordinates to calculate fir computerized telescope to look at . 
http://fxn.ws/cry0ir . WTF u voted for him not me .... We are to tolerate yes but this is salt on an open wound 
I would like a new washer a two year warranty and no worries for a while . 
Okay I am getting so excited it is HARD to keep my big mouth shut ! 
Please pray for our soldiers that they will be safe and all re-unite with their families soon . God be with you . 
Aasssdftdru ' 58 , ! sk/l n 8.6 . To c\ 
C\ 
Hd \ 
T DMV Lbydbcv . Sri . Celeb . K 0 . Cvgf n uirscxltet dzmg , \ 
Hrz , mj k . \ 
N m jxn\ 
. 6 @4 \ 
NA tn 
I downloaded gold digger .... I never heard explicit version before .... Alyssa posted last one . 
Oh yay pizza , soda pop and the NFL channel . What a Sunday ..... one problem .... colts or niners I am almost at a draw there . Can't wait for my new washing machine to arrive . Remember to pray for our soldiers ! 
Eeeekkkkkkk !!!!!! Why are there24 hours in a day ! 
Eeeeeekkkkkkkk , off to a busy day getting the babies set up and coming home to steam cleaning the house , at least the hot weather is good for drying carpets !!!!!! Pray for our soldiers ! 
Wow ! It looks like < PROPMALE > might be going to < PROPFIRST > Sales school we go back Wednesday for final evaluation . Ha ha ! I got the steam cleaning done , 6 loads of laundry and washing beds , frames and mattresses . My family room smells like clean linen . Taking advantage of this heat and going to redo bedroom carpets tomorrow . Guess I should start my homework it is due at midnight !!!! 
I just got a wonderful email 
Just talked to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Just talked to < PROPFIRST > and everything is okay , yay I am excited ! I can tell today will be a long day but a good one . 
Today I am re-structuring my household and I miss my grandpa .... so instead of turning up the music I turned up Fox News Channel . 
HEY FOR ANYONE WHO HAS SPRINT : They were really good service for us for the last 9 years but are very SNAKY when it comes to billing process for disconnect , \ 
We used military disconnect and they are still trying to say we are obligated to pay the early termination fee even though my husband had orders ... on CP again probably will have to call AGAIN to get this cleared up ... what snakes huh ? Any comments ? 
Homework and tomorrow .... eeeeekkk . Girl time with babies ..... hmmmm maybe i will get evil and include boys in girl time ??? Muahahhahahahahahahah !!!!! EEEEkkkkk I am so freaking excited . 
< PROPMALE > is asking me if I will watch him when he is a big football player when he grows to a big boy .... I am going to miss this as they get older . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just got our nails done , she got a pedicure too . Our new nail place rocks ! They even spa washed < PROPMALE>'s feet for him . Good day , good day . Now we just need daddy . 
Contact 
Watching transformers !! Ha ! Remember the conspiracy theory regarding the government introducing movies about what will happen ?? Hehe they had to violate Obama's orders in the movie to save the world ..... sound familiar or predictable ??? 
I want to here from my husband sooooooooooooo bad !!! I miss him so much 
Hey ! I'm awake and I am ready to start my day !!! Man the kids love this song . If you have a little baby consider baby signing time series then for toddlers the signing time series . < PROPMALE > still sings it and signs it and it's from when he was 8 months old . Guys , my little man is gonna be three in one week !!! 
I just got the first of three exciting phone calls !!!!!!! Eeeeekkkkkk . 
Just talked to my hubby . Now watching Horton hears a who 
I am so excited . Soon I will no longer be a single mother . I will have my husband by my side instead of < PROPMALE > away and worry about his safety . He can teach them to use the potty like big boys , dirt bike ride , play football all those great things daddy's do best . I can soon walk out of the house and nothave to conduct a twenty minute repair job afterwards . 
Oh this movie is cute it's called I could never be your woman , and it had < PROPFIRST > Rudd in it , he's an undercover hottie 
Watch out girls , Gods bringing our guys home and giving a round of baby-making weather all at once ! 
I am awake with my big boy watching < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . I was so excited I could barely sleep !!!! 
Eeeeeeeekkkkkkkkkkkkk . < PROPMALE > keeps saying he can't wait to fight his daddy . 
Out of commission reach me on < PROPFIRST>'s phone- no he is not home yet :( Got to get < PROPFEMALE>'s hair done today ... wish I wasn't sick ! 
Just watched time travelers wife and cried as much as the first time I saw it ! 
11 hours and I am complete ! 
About to finish dressing and wait for daddy to show up . Yay !!! 
Today is < PROPMALE>'s birthday ! We were sick at redeployment ceremony so we kept to ourselves . Off to get boys special birthday breakfast he got his dirt bike gear . Big boy is three today ! 
Apple is so nice .... Robby bathed my iPhone and they replaced for free no insurance claim . Awesome two days with the husband . 
8days until more possible geomagnetic storms from 1100 !!! 
Babies are going crazy wanting daddy to come home to go school shopping !!!! 
Just had a Dirtbike rocking day . Babies are tired , so are the kids ..... another social gathering tomorrow . Yay ! 
Woohoo girltime with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Girltime is complete nails done . < PROPFEMALE>'s rocking a new hair do now it's time for BBQ and football !!!! 
Getting babies ready and heading off to MaryBridge to see Miss < PROPFEMALE > 
Awake with my awesome little boys 
Faithfully waiting for my husband and father of our three kids to come home . 
Family days rock BBQ & kid movie !!! 
Making jerky WITH the husband oh freaking yeah will be ready by Tuesday !!!! 
Started first batch of jerky !!! I don't even have to ship it yeah it will b tender from now on !!!!! 
Yo .... there is no hope in teaching rocks to float so I wonder why I try sometimes ? Man it's gonna be cold in Canada I hope we don't have to move there ..... eeeek 
Hey we're awake and ready to start our day ! 
At home laundry and monster trucks ..... I hope we can bring up our monster Chevy !!! 
Breakfast is over on to the rest of Wednesday !!!! Two more days until the weekend . 
Wow that chicks gonna dress like that and walk into a football locker room and complain when someone cat calls her ??? Her momma needs to sit her down and explain how the world works . She needs to shut the heck up and stop making successful woman look like uptight prudes that are only out for money . You dress the part expect the reaction ! 
Got to love the fact they have tsunami test warnings here eeeek ! 
Awake and < PROPFEMALE > is trying to convince the boys the sleeping coonies in our backyard hate then and will eat them .... Geez ! 
I'm not 30 I am 20-10 . And the best thing is it will be like this for a long time next year I will be 20-11 just like the year ! 
Time with the husband . This is so exciting . God is good . 
Yesterday was wonderful . Mom and dad got massages , then took babies to the fair and today up bright and early gonna get girl time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and get our nails done . 
Girltime is done . < PROPFEMALE > was updating her leap frog text messages about her status's as we were doing stuff it was great ! 
Um ..... throwback pepsi is the bomb baby , yeah I just drove to base to pick it up instead of the blue ones at the liquor store . 
Awake cleaning up the Duke/Alyssa mayhem that went on earlier ..... hopefully we cab get back to sleep , the vacuum racked my head ! 
Family getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s first day at new school 
< PROPMALE > keeps trying to help mommy by putting things into the freezer-ator ....... I love kids 
Awake and changing diapers , < PROPFEMALE > jobs never done ! Lol . 
Bomb productive day ...... much fun too bad her husband wasn't able to kick it :( . Oh well maybe next time ! 
\They called them crazy when they started out\ 
I'm just sitting out here watching airplanes ..... But really though 
Trying to figure out something fun for the weekend , i want dirt bikes and the ocean is that too much to ask for ? 
Awake and ready to start my day ! 
Bored and driving ...... muahahaha 
Can't wait to go dirtbike riding tomorrow !!!!!! 
Had an awesome time out last night now on to dirt bikes !!!!! 
Remember that selfishness only comes back to bite you . Show love and understanding for life as an individual and collectively .... It's just better . 
I like it on the desktop 
Awake today hopefully the dishwasher will get fixed 
Went SUPER SHOPPING . Got good snacky bites for everyone hopefully < PROPFIRST > will likey ! Kids are getting excited !!!!! 
My husband just told our girl that a < PROPFEMALE > dies everytime you kiss a boy !!! Omg .... lol ! 
Watching chipmunks waiting on dinner and jerky ! 
Didn't get sleep due to a drunken take over of my household , something tells me old habit die hard . 
I would have loved to get dressed up for tonight but I guess it's more my husbands event then mine :( 
I am resetting the trip on the truck ! 0.00 let's see how far we can go ! 
Why did I dislike Cali ..... it's so beautiful ! Oh wait , ha now I remember , all the drama , duh ! Ha well aren't we lucky only a little bit longer and the madness will die down and my husband won't be spread around with 10 different obligations all taking priority over our little family . 
Designated driving and being entertained 
Gonna go try some long exposure photography ...... Dun dun dun 
Back in Roseville tonight , headed home to Tacoma in morning . This was a good trip . 
Big boys went dirt bike riding while little kids are going to school ..... still recovering from non-vacation vacation . 
I feel icky :(( 
Poor sick babies . Scottys raspy voiced and < PROPMALE > woke up projectile vomiting . 
End of busy week !!!!! Tomorrow starts a new one . Love having < PROPFIRST > around !!! 
Been up since 5:10 . I think tonight will be an early night . 
Seriously ??? In my house is asleep already ? Um ..... ok .... Guess I'll go to bed 
Up again got that really bad feeling .... Geez 
45 minutes of sleep last night poor sick < PROPMALE > getting ready for the doctors hopefully he can fix my broke baby ! 
Everyone , it's my loving husband's 28th birthday today . First birthday the Army hasn't taken him away from me in 3 years ! Today is a good day . 
Today is going to be a wonderful day . Busy morning and afternoon followed by a long weekend with the family ! I am excited . 
' m not superstitious but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Satudays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive in 4days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui , the one who does not copy will be without money . I cannot let that person be me 
Starting fresh today because as long as I have Today I have another < PROPMALE > . Thank you Lord for my life and family , I am so blessed . 
Today was the most awesome day yet ! Most the Christmas shopping is done . 
Today will be a great day ! Babysitting , massages and then we're gonna target practice and blow up pumpkins ! Hopefully I don't get knocked on my butt ! 
Point defiance on a beautiful day ! 
Base is absolutely awesome on Halloween . Our babies had SOOO much fun . Almost everyone was dressed up along with their children . 
Good morning !!! Toy story 3 comes out today I have found a way to entertain sick babies :) 
Today is a beautiful day ! Unexpectedly clear and the sun is shining . Today's high ..... 60 ! 
I fixed my stupid Facebook IM yeah !!!!!!! 
Going to Walmart at 8 am is a good idea ! Got arts and crafts for the upcoming holidays . We made pictures this morning and necklaces last night . I love my life and these babies . Thank you husband . 
Got to sleep in late after an awesome night ! 
Great weekend . Time to get ready for a busy week ! 
Awake and waiting for the husband to leave base !!!!!!!!!! 
Wow mega shopping for the month is done . Still no turkey I am gonna save that trip for next week :) 
Today is a good start to a four day weekend baby !!!!! 
I feel like a < PROPFEMALE > going to a Ball :) 
< PROPFEMALE > with a high of 48 woohoo dirt bike & BBQ weather !!!! 
I feel blah with to many mommy responsibilities for this day . Hopefully I'll be good tomorrow and this basecamp back on track ! 
We've got to hold on to what we've got\ 
Cause it doesn't make a difference\ 
If we make it or not\ 
We've got each other and that's a lot\ 
For love - well give it a shot 
Busy day ahead still sick but not as bad I think . 
Little sick- different cold but some energy yay !!! Starting the re-arranging for next week !!! Super excited ! 
Come on some snow ..... please just a little so we can watch it fall out the front window ??? 
I freaggin love the movie \ it's complicated ! \"" 
Friday ! Friday ! Friday ! Today , then 3 days back at work next week then I get him for 12 days !!!!!!! 
Daddys going out !!!! Woohoo .... Pizza , popcorn , ice cream ... Smallville then Big Time Rush .... all while jumping on the couches and singing songs during commercials :) . I hope I'm not to much of a bad influence because I love playing with my babies ! 
Wow , apparently I start webpages and leave them .... Trying to clean up old pages and delete them . 
SNOWY !!!! Yay I love it ! 
Dear global warming , if you do exist I would like to thank you for the La < PROPFEMALE > weather and this beautiful snow !!!! 
Okay the traffic is whoa ! Seriously , seriously it's all over the news that because of dumb drivers that spun out last night there was 4-5 hour delays to go a few < PROPMALE > on the freeway .... So what did those people do ??? Get out and walk home ... Now they have to go back and get the cars but hey freeways still stopped ? How crazy ! 
So excited about tomorrow I'm going to bed now so I can try to get good sleep and have the house ready !!! 
Awake and super multi-tasking . Making everything that needs to be chilled now so it's all done and baking tomorrow . I am thankful for all my family and friends even if we don't talk much . Thank you guys . 
Happy thanksgiving 
Today will be a good day 
Wow ! I slept for 13 hours pretty much , that is a mommy record the kids slept 14 ! Tome to catch up on the house and start prepping for Christmas 
Posted some pictures that only family can see . I miss you guys even if I have never met half of you . You are in my prayers and most of my thoughts . I see you guys whenever I looked at my daughter with her sassy hair and beautiful eyes . 
Flu shots for the family . Big kids off to school and spending time with < PROPMALE > , Duke and Chunks ..... Working on training everyone ! Lol ! 
... I just paid $60 to evergreen fresh air to clean the ducts ... well after they started they explained it is \ basically useless\ " in micheals words unless I pay $770 . Now heater won't turn back on it 60's in my house and 4 pm & not answering there phone ! 3 babies it can't be 40 degrees in my house . Please spread the word about this company .... Do NOT USE THEM 18662489420 !!! " 
Dear Santa , \ 
\ 
Hey can you make it snow for Christmas ??? I think a white Christmas would be great and still am thankful God gave us one last year on an odd Sunday we decided to celebrate cuz daddy was on R&R 
I will take this overcast day in Washington and it will be a great family day with lots of meaning . We are loving our new addition Chunky and Duke is loving his little girl too . The kids love both of them and protect Chunky a little to much ... thinking she might get red ribbons for her little Saint Ears for Christmas . 
Omg listen to < PROPFIRST > Lewis\country boy\ " . I didnt even know he sang country songs ! " 
K listen ... I just sent a poke to the person I am sworn is my father .... please don't B upset I think he is too I just want to get to know that side of the family .... if we click I am looking to relocate the family in 1.5 years and maybe I could be 4-5 hours away from them wherever they are .... I would like to introduce my babies to there grandparents on daddy's side and there many aunties and uncles .. if they'll have me . 
Mmmmmm artichokes ..... I am an artichoke-aholic mmmmmmmmmm 
Just took all the babies ( that's five deep if you count fur babies too ) to walk down to church and back . Lots of fun , < PROPMALE > and Duke stayed with me and Chunks didn't even need a leash she just followed her pack ! 
Dentist appointment ..... 
Hoping for my Christmas miracle tonight 
Still waiting for my Christmas miracle ...... 
I got ALOT of the Christmas miracle I had been waiting for last night , if the rest doesn't come to be I will be fine , it wasn't anything that cost money , just someone's time . I am so thankful for everything I have in life today will be a great Holiday . Remember the true meaning of Christmas . 
Please everyone pray for < PROPFEMALE > we don't know what all is going on . < PROPFIRST > already rushed to get to her side but < PROPFIRST > and I have to go in morning in a rental in a snow storm .... prayers please she has a twelve year old . We love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Dentist at 11:30 ...... 
Chunky is 24.5 pounds and 11 weeks tomorrow ! 
Having fun sending meaningless messages to people that really think I'm a nutball ! Woohoo oh and watching Aladdin with my babies , it's Saturday Night baby ! 
Church was good last night . Slightly snowing and babies are hone today . It'll be a good day today ! 
Cuddled in bed with the three greatest babies in the world , watching it snow .... what a wonderful life . 
Dentist appointments for the boys and a snow day leave me busy .... 2:30 it's nap time ( I'll even settle for quiet time ) 
Monster Truck Jam tomorrow with the family and then night service at church .... Woohoo life is good !!!! 
K once again trying to shop and I can not find conservative and low priced long dresses or skirts ... I don't want to show off my body I am fine with it !!! I just want long conservative outfits where a skirt that comes passed knees doesn't cost $80 geez .... 
Sick < PROPMALE > :) hope he gets better today 
Awake and home it's time to get ready to take Lil < PROPMALE > for his physical . 
Two babies to school and little ones asleep time to clean house and catch up on everything , hopefully my brother accepts my friend request ! 
Chunky is 34.9 pounds today and 14weeks old !!! Love my Chunky !! 
Just turned in the application to try to get sissy a scholarship to a nice Christian School up the street . Praying for acceptance for 2011-2012 school year ! 
Chunky is 40.1 lbs today and is fully vaccinated .... Yeah . 
Bonfire and dirtbikes :) 
Uhhhhh to much ice cream I ate almost the whole quart and I want the artichokes I boiled sooooo bad I'm still hungry hut my tummy hurts :( 
Watching Marmaduke 
Awake time to get ready for at home appointments then clean up the house then Madigan then it's off to a ' grown-ups ' birthday . Yay I'm so excited time to < PROPFEMALE > out with adults only for the first time in 4 months ! I'm gonna miss my babies while we're gone :( 
Okay gonna try this again . Hopefully everyone feels better over there so we can have adult time ! Good thing our babysitters on reserve this weekend 
Motherhood called again . I'm not disappointed though this doc appointment was needed . Hopefully everyone still has a good time . The technician told Sissy to make mommy and daddy take her to breakfast in the morning !!! I guess < PROPFIRST>'s is open that early . 
It's a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day !!!! 
Rearranging house this week . Dropped almost all cable for netflix and dropped the home phone , we'll see if that works now we only have our cell phones if you're trying to call or text . 
Suns peaking thru and it's snowing I LOVE IT !! It's a Wednesday and although there is all the appointment stuff as usual I get to bring babies home at the end ! 
VeggieTales and playing in the SNOWY !!!!! 
AAAARRRRTTTTIIIICCCCHHHHOOOOKKKKEEEESSSS NUM YUMMY 
Wednesday is our busiest day but that's great because it passes the week by quickly ! We hear from the board of Christian education today if they will accept our offer .... Prayers please ! 
Just tried logging into myspace mobile app I officially feel old . I guess Myspace is a thing of the late 2000 not the new decade 
Picking up my nephew < PROPFIRST > soon Tacoma airport here we come !!!! 
SOOOOOOOOOO BORED . I wanna < PROPFEMALE > gaze from my backyard in a huge field with my munchkins safe inside the house all cozy in bed . On to more day dreaming . Wonder if we'll get to see the Minnesota Stars this summer finally ? 
Beer pong ??? I'm in way too deep so goodnight ! 
Mondays are relaxing days but today I ask for the Lord to bless us with his grace and < PROPFEMALE > a little extra to help this day go by smoothly . 
Babies are sick , I'm sick but it's moments like this I thank God the most for my babies because during the hard times we are all here for each other . 
Feeling better I hope all the babies are too . Time to play catch up On the home front . Getting nervous on the decision of here Again or Fort Hood . It's hard to start the docs over but the idea of sun 300 days a year and a 3000 sq ft house on acreage for what we pay now does sound very appealing . 
Kids trying to move somewhere it's < PROPFEMALE > all the time I love these children I am so blessed 
Why isn't Tricare 24 hours ??? This is my only complaint everything is else wonderful I just wish they were 24-7 
Bouncing round from cloud to cloud\ 
I got the feeling like I'm never gonna come down\ 
If I said I didn't like it then you'd know I'd lie\ 
Every time I try to talk to you I get tongue-tied\ 
Turns out that everything I say to you\ 
Comes out wrong , it never comes out right\ 
So I say why don't you and I get together\ 
Take on the world and be together forever\ 
Heads we will , tails we'll try again 
Fort < PROPMALE > ??? Anyone know anything about Fort < PROPMALE > ? 
I LOVE MADEA !!!! 
Still awake dogs won't stop whining and I walked them already . Grrrrrrrrr 
Great day at Point defiance the zoo was wondering we went for an hour and stayed for 4 !!! 
Banana 
I love Washington in the springtime ...... 
Woohoo ft < PROPFIRST > ! 
Four more years in Washington . Sign sealed delivered . 
Finally they had nice color dress shirt and tie sets for the little boys at wallyworld . Boys have cute blue shirts for church and pictures tomorrow . 
Home and rest tomorrow will be hectic . Pre-op and two sick babies hopefully everything goes well . I feel blessed with this family . 
