Happy new year everyone im goin to bed here's to the best new year to come lets hope no one dies this year ... 

OMG this summer sucks all i have done so far is drive around w/ one of my old friends that i dont really talk to anymore and clean oh and get ready for school and college i just finished my last book last night at 5:00 am ( finaly) ! 
I am going crazy everyone is yelling at me and lying to me i dont get them its confusing 
iam so excited i get to go to kansas pretty soon and my aunt and uncle are coming to see us from kansas this weekend 
what does life mean but a way to disapoint the people who hate u and love u they all abuse and berate u so whats the point in life anyway ? 
just got back home from missouri it was so much fun but now im burnt to a crisp and man does it hurt lol 
What do u do when u love someone but cant tell anyone because u dont want to seem desperate ? God , I hate love and pain lol 
scooby doo is the best lol 
some people are such liers when it comes to their kids i hate some parents lol 
is scared because i think one of my ribs is either broken or just relly bruised probably just really bruised but god it hurtz !!!!!! 
Never Back Down cause when u do ull get tiked on 
i wish that love and hate would just go away and that everything would just be normal again how in earth does anyone survive without feeling a little something to live for well i guess at least i know 
What should I do I love this man and he told me he wants to marry me I can't imagine living life without him it's so normal living with him in my life HELP ME WHAT SHOULD I DO ?????????? 
i went to the demos derby/race at hawkeye downs talk about a FUN RIDE IT WAS THE BESSTT after it was over it looked like a tornado site :) 
Idk what im doin but it really sucks i don't think i can deal with all this bull any more so this is me saying goodbye 
IDK whats going on but to give in is to quit so ill keep pushin to the limit 
I cant belive my brother is such a butt head head he'll spend time with his friends but even after ive tried to contact him for 1 year he wont even say hi or talk to me . :( 
I hate it when u want to do something but u cant 
Men to kill for them or to be killed by them is all the same but after so much pain and brusies it starts to hurt what will we do in the end ? :( Im sorry friend ! 
Whats up with ppl having sex with their family members it's nasty i dont get it why would you i would understand if u were a kid when it happened but when ur older thats stupid !!! 
i cant believe im engaged its wierd but that was so awsome the way he puposed at the dance i cant believe it :) 
These dreams latley are really starting to irritate me im about ready to go and get some < PROPMALE > help its messed up REALY !! 
i hate bruses and all that stuff it needs to go away right away !!! 
concert was cool i went and checked my grades and im getting a B average and almost an A average 
Man after last night i dont feel good at all my stomach is all messed up 
i hate men when their being cute lol 
life is like a lighter it goes out if u dont watch it keep the spirit in the lighter ! :) LOL 
rely miss ya guys hope il see ya soon goda go but hope yal call me 
castles are home the night is black and were going back home to lay free and wild lets get down 
wants to go do somethin fun for once but realizing i cant after all im a teenager still :( 
I love my family thank god that i have them !!!! 
Its my dad's b-day finaly he's old lol no but happy b-day Dad 
Living my life to the fullest and loving it 
Its been 18 days and I cant do it I give up Im sorry girl 
Some days I just wished all the hurt and pain was over 
Some days I just wish all the hurt and pain was over then I remember < PROPFEMALE > 
Dont u hate friends who are back stabbers and try to steal ppl from u then do and then have to rub it in ur face ? 
I hate ppl that think there all that and try to break up w/ u even though u already broke up with them like a week ago . 
This weekend is by far the best ive ever had I don't think it could get any better than this but what if it could I don't think there is anything else I want !! 
Todays the day that one day where I dont care what anyone says to me they can all go to hell for all I care 
Wishing ppl wouldnt be such dicks to ppl and would leave me the f *** alone 
Yo ppl check it out new < PROPFEMALE>'s on the internet 
Thank God for my heritage else id be dead :) I <3 them so much 
God i wanna die i hope this is over with soon else im gonna scream bloody murder !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate this I cant find a message college to save my life except in a different state and I really dont want to leave my man/family !! 
What do u do when love calls ? Do u answer ? :( 
Somedays I just want to die god I hate u !!! 
I already have what I want for Christmas so Im good as long as he's in my life !! 
UH I hate being sick i cant even go to school today 
Uhh I hate being sick I cant even go to school today 
Today i welcome death i feel horrible im up at 5:00 and cant go back to bed for fear of going back to my nightmare I actualy cried when I woke up it sucks cause im tired and cant sleep :( 
Why is it so hard to cry when u want to , how do u know when ur being used and when to free urself of all the miserey ? 
uh i cant believe u'd do this to me y me ???? 
Would everyone just lay off ? Both me and < PROPMALE > Im sick of it cant we live our lives w/o stupid people at school ? 
Shopping was so fun today i look totally hot in my new stuff and got some other stuff too LOL :) 
Is hoping that everything will go okay tomorrow and that they'll like the presents i got for them :/ 
Y do u do this to me all the more i care about u the more i cry for fear of being hurt , to love and be scared is my life as it stands !! 
I wish u'd call me once in a while instead of just leaving me in the back of ur mind like im just some natt 
Wishing that men could just be honest and not lie so damn much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wishing i'd stop getting sick and that everything would be back to normal soon and that he'd be here ... I <3 U hun !! 
Been up since 5 this morning and im board so call me ... anyone who's also board or whatever ! 
I love walking outside with a tangtop and a pair of sweat pants its gorgeous I love <3 <3 <3 IT !!! 
Well i guess according to someone im a slut lol thats funny she also thinks im fatter then her thats funny she should take a look in the mirror once in a while if she's gonna play like that ! 
Omg i cant belive i just cried looking at a pic of my brother thats so lame so what he's an ass i do hope he tries to get a hold of me though i still miss him though lord knows why .. 
Going on a date w/ my boy friend and then im going to a party to watch my friends and family get drunk so i can make fun of them lol CANT WAIT 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > We will remember u and all of ur smiles , that moment in life that u brought each of us closer and made it happier we love u ... 3 years ago ... 
BOOOO i cant believe we lost dang hawkeyes i hate them y couldnt georiga tech win uhh i hate it grrrrr 
I love < PROPMALE > so much and am so excited he's back 
My boyfriend's the best if only the birds weren't there lol but the one of him and the kangaroo is adorable him and animals awww 
Does anyone know how to dance that can teach me im freakin out 
No school YESSSSS !!! whos excited say it w/ me NO SCHOOL NO SCHOOL NO SCHOOL !!! 
im going to bed talk to yall later 
Hockey Game the other night rocked !! 
Did u ever wonder if u died how many people would actually be there for u or how many people would just laugh it off and say good riddence 
Missing my man he's out on some church thing for the weekend all alone wish there was someone to talk to 
I cant believe life goes on like this forever that there's no real reason but to live then die whats the fun of it w/o a guy , a guy who will always be there for u no matter what 
Hot Sauce is the best thing ever made i hope that i can find something small to put in my purse so then i can have it all the time !!! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach for the first time im excited i hope i get a part in the play i tried out for today !! ME , < PROPMALE > and Karley 
Anyone know of any kick boxing or punching classes that i can take that involve fighting i need to kick and punch the air I hate life y is it worth all of the pain and heart ache 
I wanta be the only one for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > except for u and ur simple simle it takes me higher then anything ive ever seen u set me free 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > at work before i go to the skating rink and party yeah me cant wait !! 
Mondays play rehersal and then tuesday is the day i go to the middle school and help the teachers for 3 hrs then back to school to see my gorgeous man ! 
New photos their great cant wait till graduation then im out 
I am what I am I do what I want but I cant hide and I wont go I wont sleep and I cant breathe until your resting here with me ... <3 The Painful Truth 
Today sucks can i get any more sick i have circles under my eyes and my hair is really flat and im pale its a nightmare 
I hate it when uve been somewhere so long that its either u get a bad temper tantrum or u hit something 
Heck yeah party party party lets go spring break !!!! 
I hate chucky and I hate Zombieland no one watch SCARRRRYYYYY lol it scares all 
I fell down the stairs so STOP ASKING WHAT HAPPENED IM FINE !!!!!!! 
Finally we get out early but whats up w/ the ptc's we just started school again !! 
My flower is yellow i love those kind of flowers .. 
scaed to death wish things would get better and that life wouldnt be pointless 
loves when bitchy people complain about everyone else who they think is bitchy lol 
Life sucks but i guess i might just live through it give me at least 2morrow then ill know if i want to die or live and thanks all u GUYS that are mean 
Dying is deffinatly one of the top choices in my life but i see this guy at school and at jt's and then i think y should i he's still there and idk y but he is 
Drag Me to Hell Never watch it is so wierd i swear to u guys its messed up and scary 
Race's were awsome dont think ive ever had so much fun lovey lovey lol I m so happy tomorrow's Mon and i get to see everyone including the retards CHANDLERS uh i hate stupid people 
Is it possible to give up ur lung to a male when ur a female to save their life if anyone knows anything comment PLEASE 
Is exstatic he's finally going to get < PROPFEMALE > gro < PROPFEMALE > ded i cant wait it will be the best of the millinamum 
sleep is the best thing ever invented i just wish i had more going to the races 
Wondering what to do to make this relationship get better because right now we arnt doing very well at all what do i do ! 
Iam the voice of the wind and the pouring rain , Iam the voice of your hunger and pain , Iam the voice that always is calling you , Iam the voice I will remain ... 
Thanks to everyone who has been there 4 me through the years , and thanks for the happy birthdays love all of you guys 
Today cant get much worse after all life has already took one turn there cant be anymore that i havent went throught i wish life was simple Carlson College is amazing but i have to wait ahhh i hate life 
OMG i cant believe im graduating anyone i didnt give an invit to let me know 
Im single can u belive it i change it the one day and the next day he breaks up w/ me lol great great oh and my so called friend that he cheated on me w/ thanks a lot love u too NOT 
Is telling herself that everything will work out to my advantage but its hard to see through the < PROPFEMALE > of a new day when it keeps up like this 
Going to the Race's cant wait hoping to meet someone new and exciting lol yeah i think i was daydreaming just then lol alwell 
My grandpa and my uncle i learned are dying thanks world i love u to this life sucks y does everything have to happen now im graduating and everything 
if < PROPMALE > has any info on zeek let me know !!!!!!!!!! 
loves bein single !!!!!!!!! 
grad's just 1.5 days away cant wait 
Guess what everyone today's the last day lol my dad's more excited then me i think its cool to have someone like that and then i have my friends and family 
OMG i started crying today lol i listened to the song ur gonna miss this and i just started crying i am gonna miss this its wierd i always wanted out and now i just wanna go back 
Cant wait until 2morrow walking to the school then going home taking a cold shower and then im hoping to go apply for a job i need one really bad college here i come !!! 
wishin collegge will be fun n hard 
is board and wants to have a party thank god its almost here who's all comin ? 
am i always the one who gets made out to be the bad person im so glad im not in high school any more !!! 
Im board anyone want to come have fun or do something ? 
Anyone know of a good club to go to i need to go on with my own life sooner or later i think im a little late please .... 
I wish i could know for sure to bad i didnt have somone to tell me if iam or if im not i need to know i hate not knowing :( 
Omg i just got asked to marry this guy whats up with every guy i meet wanting to marry me right off the bat cant we just talk and get to be w/ each other for a while :( 
Wow theirs 18 people on here i dont think ive ever seen that many people lol anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out 2morrow i have nothing to do 
Grrr y me do i always have to be the one to understand cant i be the ignorant one for once ? :( 
Forget the pain forget the life for a new begining is in sight ... 
Did u ever think life couldnt get any worse and then just when ur not expecting it u find urself making it all better 
2morrow i find out if the word impssible applies to all things in life could just be me but the feeling is different i have no idea what it means but it seems real ... :/ 
I dont know what leaves a < PROPFIRST > more liking a guy , loving a guy , or just being bruised ? I dont know whats possible . 
OMG i hate this new diet my abbs hurt and everything else as well :( 
Wants to go dancing !!!! 
Wants to go out and have fun !!! 
Cant stop cryin just wishin it would stop what does it mean all this y does it have to hurt so much i dont understand it ... :( 
If you are reading\ 
this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the \ 
first memory you have of us or of me that pops into your head . When you \ 
are finished , post this paragraphonto your own status ; you will be \ 
surprised what people remember ... about you .... :) 
Im so excited my life is the best ever lol i dont think life can get any better but then again ive said that before lol 
Life wasnt meant to be perfect but i think that at times it can sure get close to it so il smile and go on my way as i pass the time 
Breathe in breathe out u keep me alive u r the fire burning inside of me u r my passion for life 
Is wanting to fall asleep in the arms of a certain man that i know ... :) 
Love my life just wish it didnt hurt so much 
lol this is wierd but i think that maybe something bad's gonna happen ive been having bad dreams i hope to god none of them come true i cant bare to see him hurt .. 
Going to tear down an old barn w/ my dad fun fun lol NOT 
feels like crap !!!! 
2day is one of those days that i love the day that i wake up feeling loved so much that i could just burst it is the day for happy times 
Is going to clean house and hope to do something better but dont know what yet lol waitin for someone to wake up 
Is in the best mood that i have been in a long time all thanks too a certain someone !! 
Happy endings enough said there ... 
Loves walking in the rain then feeling sick after a 7 hr walk w 45 < PROPMALE > that is walk/run lol 
Is hoping everything is going to be okay with my old friends and me i hate when bad things happen to good people . 
He He i love life its perfect now all i need is my FAMILY 
I love my life i have a family that loves me n a man that takes care of me that no one knows about ! 
Cant wait for college to come and the moving out prosses i love it yeah appt to myself 
Im moving yes no more lossers 4 me :) 
I love looking at ppls profiles i just smile knowing that someday its gonna b better that the good last names will be on the end of a good person instead of a idiotic person lmao he he he 
I love bein loved and havin fun w friends 
I miss my highschool friends really bad 
I love my man he's so sweet he loves me more than anyone i know i cant wait life is going to be perfect with me n him and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ps i love all the people in my life who admit that there wrong and then try to make it up to u with poor excuses lol meaning u ---- thats lettered right too !!! 
Is wonderin if he's okay havent heard from him in a while getting really worried ive never felt so worried :( :( :( :( :( 
I found him he's perfect but no last break lol then he was workin late and that scared me lol then just after that he got off lol i love being happy ! Oh and the best is yet to come i met his parents :) They R AMAZING the best parents in the world i hope they like me :) 
Never in my life have i cried more then i did last night and today i hope all this goes away and happiness comes back into my life and fast i cant eat or do anything 
Feels better now that i know life's gonna be okay 
Is freakin out my days almost up :( i want this day to last 4ever 
Cant wait 4 2morrow cleaning yeah i want 2 clean so bad i can hardly wait that n chinese leftover lol i cant even come close 2 what im used 2 eating guess my stomach's shrinkin hehe 
In case u didnt notice in case u failed to see this is my heart bleeding before u that sent me down on my knees and these careless words are tearing me there tearing me there tearing me apart and u are the only one i would give my life 4 i hold u close and wonder what ur thinking 
Cupid Shuffle good song bad and stupid dance moves someone needs to come up with better moves !!!!!!! 
wow its late n im tierd love to stay n chat but the bed is calling me sooon ! i love u hun n goodnight 2 the pricks who called me 2night f u ! 
im so happy i got woke up this morning i had a horrible nightmare but then the day got better at 11 got 2 see my someone special then went to cr and had fun ! 
I hope the Saints win let the Vikings lose i hate the vikings GO SAINTS !!! 
i cant believe it all the ppl i graduated w r so different now i cant wait 2 see what they'll be like in 10 yrs from now :/ 
i love my life im so happy i hope i can make a cerain someone happy for the rest of his life 2 n hopefuly he'll never feel bad or have 2 be away from the rest of the ppl he loves :))) 
wishes everything will hurry up n get here i hate when the time goes by slowly y not just speed up so i can move n be happy ! i wonder what it would feel like not 2 be afraid ??? 
hates feeling sick uggg i feel sick but idk if i am or not i got a cough a mile long 
loves life just got done celebratin w my fam but kinda wish my boyfriend would celebrate w me :( but alls well i still get 2 talk 2 him 
i need new pics i dont look much like that anymore 
went into the ditch today gotta love people who cant drive and run u off the road :) 
am going to relax n try to get better i have work 2morrrow i cant wait then i work sun too :) 
loves work :) 
should be a good day everythings going perfect so far :p 
got paid n paid off bills yea its great now i have presents 2 get lol fun shopping 
sleep awww ya right lol went 2 bed at lke midnight now up again fun fun 
Today is the best day in a long time i get to be with my mother all day , havent seen her in weeks :( but thank god that i am now having the life of my dreams hope it keeps going the perfect way 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words what would you say \ 
to me ? NOTE If you comment you have to play too . Copy and paste this as \ 
your status . 
Im so happy i ve cleaned dishes laundry n a bunch else yesss now work god i love it so much energy what to do when i get home lol :/ 
hates when u dont work then u have 2 work wierd hours lol but way excited that i get a lot of hours this week cant wait 4 it to start !! 
Loves it when i see ur smiles it makes the world go by 
good day all in all helpin my parents clean the house 4 thanksgiving so much to be greatful 4 :) lol i spelled greatfull wrong good day to all !!! 
So happy sat is commin up so fast i can hardly wait its the best day of my entire life lol well almost lol . Good luck for my family will smile :)))) 
happy early thanksgivin everyone hope it fun eat extra 4 me lol :) 
finally found the perfect coffee mix cappacino n coffee choclate n vanilla :))) 
IS happy 2 be movin !!! today went great 
Cant believe how much life has changed it keeps changing all the time does anyone know a way to slow it down just one day ? 
happy xmas everyone have a great day !!!! 
i love my new place i got tons of fabulous pics today cant wait < PROPFEMALE > post them for u i miss u hope < PROPFEMALE > see u when u get back u wont believe how much ive changed !! 
RIP grandpa we all will miss u dearly 
Let's see how creative my face book friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of ** YOUR FIRST NAME ** ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so , I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun ! 
got to get ready for the funeral hope all goes well please keep him in ur prayers as he < PROPFEMALE > kes his leave < PROPFEMALE > heaven 
Tell me what u think of me by sendin me a message with which one you think I am . ( 1)-Crazy ( 2 ) -Id marry you ( 3)-Attractive ( 4 ) -Sarcastic ( 5 ) -miss you ( 6)-I'd kiss you ( 7 ) -Moody ( 8 ) -Smart ( 9 ) -Energetic ( 10)-Random ( 11 ) -Hot ( 12 ) -Funny ( 13 ) -Fit ( 14 ) -Amazing ( 15)-Tough ( 16 ) -Cute ( 17)-Beautiful ( 18 ) -Nerd ( 19 ) -Your awesome ( 20 ) - A flirt . If your brave post as your status and see what people say about you 
LOVES A MYSTERY 
hates crutches officaily :( 
honestly life i going great cant think of the way anything can get any better !!!!!!! 
Somewhere between laughing for no reason , stupid arguments , long talks , and making fun of eachother ... I have fallen in love with you 
Someone once told me to give urself to a guy is the ultamite show of love , ive found that it may be true but once uve found that person u dont want to give it to anyonelse IF ANYONE ELSE FEELS THIS WAY COMMENT N POST 
OFF CRUTCHES HECK YESSSS 
im so over it ...... 
14 < PROPFEMALE > 0 GO PACKERS !!!!!! 
gonna move on w my life no more lonley nights 
startin a new life !!!!!!! :) 
LOVES HAVING THIS NEW LIFE < PROPFEMALE > SHARE W U 
im finished smoking after this pack i hate it only 1-3 a day now n by the end of the week il be goin cold turkey grrrr ... 
Im thankful that i have no one to celebrate valentines day with it just makes it seem so much easier to all my true friends you know if that was sarcastic or not . 
2 MONTHS OF BEIN SINGLE 
i need either a full time n part time job or 3 part time jobs comment of u can help 
I JUST FOUND OUT THAT A RUMORS GOIN AROUND THAT IM DATIN < PROPMALE > , JUST < PROPFEMALE > CLUE THE IDIOT IN WHO S < PROPFEMALE > RTED IT IM SINGLE N AM NOT NOT NOT EVER EVER GONNA DATE < PROPMALE > @ !!!!!!!!!!! 
WELL NOW THAT IM CALMED DOWN I REMEMBER HOW HAPPY I AM CAUSE I FOUND A GUY THAT ACTUALLY SHOWS ME RESPECT 
GONNA S < PROPFEMALE > RT JOGGIN 2MORROW W < PROPMALE > MAN WE NEED < PROPFEMALE > LOSE WEIGHT LOL 
needs another job i < PROPFEMALE > 2 much energy lol im all jittery 
Keep my uncle < PROPFIRST > in ur prayers PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM !!!!!! 
Keep my uncle < PROPFIRST > in ur prayers PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM !!!!!! \ 
PLEASE ..... 
If anyone needs something done call me tryin < PROPFEMALE > make some money on the side < PROPFEMALE > pay off my car !!!!! 
It seems like everyone i graduated w is gettin married , pregnant or engaged 
Just got done with my first day at a new job it was great :) 
Dont know where my life is headed but il ketch up with it yet :) 
shopping y do u tire me out lol i hate shopping officially lol 
No one will get this right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , who's the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________and my moms name__________ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best . 
iM A < PROPFEMALE > 
This weekend will be amazing and a happy birthday to the best brother in the world i love u < PROPMALE > ... 
all of us have thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to overcome cancer . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ? 
I love wierd fun crazy days at work man i hope its this fun 2morrow !!! 
Attention FB friends ! Some applications are sending not too nice messages under your identity . If you don't want to get in trouble with your friends , copy & paste this message ! And if you receive a nasty message from me , rest assured I'm not the one who sent it . This is for real ! Please repost 
Really feeling down today keep thinking bout my uncle n how i need < PROPFEMALE > get a job that pays :( 
keep my uncle in mind its comin to soon 
