is home 

is looking for a good recipe for peanut butter cookies and someone to fix the lawnmower . 
thinks that her fb friends should weigh in on where she should go ..... A ) < PROPFEMALE > ( Philadelphia ) B ) Scholl ( Illinois ) C ) Ohio ( obviously in Ohio ) 
The decision is in folks . After much deliberation and big pro/con lists , < PROPFEMALE > will be staying in Illinois to attend Scholl College at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
thinks her kitties are good at catching mice ...... they keep attacking my hand on the computer mouse . 
is sleepy . NEED MORE COFFEE !!!! 
is in need of an attitude adjustment . 
' s attitude has been well adjusted . 
loves being nickled and dimed to death . $500 to hold spot in class , $125 criminal background check , $100+ for physical . Starting school will actually be priceless after all this . 
woke up with a headache .... 
had a big glass of brat juice with her crazy flakes !! 
...... it's just a flesh wound . 
is not a local or national criminal and is not on the sex offender registry . She found all this out for the low , low price of $42.50 . 
needs all her fb friends to send her a joke , please . 
wants more sake . 
is moving to Libertyville . Yay , I am so excited !! 
is excited she finally got her desk top on line . Now she just has to get the laptop working right . 
thinks it is adorable that her Hungarian Biochem instructor pronounces periphery ( pAry fAry ) . 
is wondering what the vet did to make her kitties hiss at each other . 
thinks her phone fell out in < PROPMALE>'s car . 
.... Poopyman naked again .... 
helped with Dr. Jones ' lamenectomy . 
had lots o fun suturing !! 
got a grade she can live with on her test . It isn't time for a tutor yet . 
loves her new hand mixer . 
kmkggyh isz tgygpkgf . ( This is , \ < PROPFEMALE > is typing . \ " for all of you that do not speak fluent < PROPFEMALE >.)" 
does not understand how she did better on this biochem test . 
does not want to take Anatomy and ECR tests next week . 
hopes the next four tests go better . 
wonders if any of her pod friends can tell her what the 5 questions with alternate answers are , and their answers of course . 
..... Power Puff Girls rock !! 
life ..... FAIL . 
ate one toooooo many eggs today . 
I wish all my friends out there a very < PROPFEMALE > and successful New Year . 
Join the darkside , we have cookies . 
red , what else ? 
Give it to me straight , everywhere , and messy . 
Done with the head to toe . YAY !! On to bigger and better things . 
Had a wonderful time at D4D . Thanks to everyone who made the night so enjoyable . 
...... so , Zach thought it would be a good idea to do the dishes in the dishwasher with regular soap ..... and now the kitchen floor is covered with bubbles . 
.... Who replaced my palpebral conjuctiva with sand paper ? 
needs a \smoke break\ " after studying reproductive physiology . :) " 
is playing hookie to study . 
possibly needs liquor . 
Anyone have the key to the most recent clinical anatomy exam ? If I am going to beat myself up today , I might as well do a thorough job . 
Back to needing that liquor .... 
Really should nap , but can't . 
Coma inducing drugs would be welcome right about now . 
two and a half pots of coffee and yet I am still sleepy . 
A naturally gorgeous girl who is eathier very quiet and shy or incredibly wild and adventurous\that < PROPFEMALE > must be on crack \"" 
Urban Dictionary : An amazingly happy , yet clumsy person , who is so nice and is always helpful to cheer up everyone else . I need a < PROPFEMALE > . ( in example of needing the happiness ) You pulled a < PROPFEMALE > . ( in example of the clumsiness ) 
Anyone know how to find ECR head to toe grade ? 
' s reward for a brutal dissection and then sliding around in the snow : sushi and Starbuck's . 
can't find her devil's food cake recipe . 
is now short on sugar . 
wants to know how to exorcise her possessed printer . 
.... only 164 more < PROPMALE > films to rewatch 
So tired of Dr. Manion's voice 
gives up . 
No school , no work today . whatever will I do ? 
walked into the Panera bathroom and saw a sticker on the floor two feet in front of the toilet that said \use first . \ " What to do ? :) " 
is annoyed by the nursing supervisor on duty this weekend . 
hmmmm ........ painful Anatomy lecture with difficult to understand professor who can't follow her own notes or independent study time ? I guess it is independent study time . 
Lets support our firefighters/EMT's . If you support our firefighters/EMT's , please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . God bless our Firefighters and EMT's!! 
Is it just me , or is last year's second neuro quiz not a wonderful representative of what is on tomorrow's neuro quiz ? 
Public Service Announcement to all < PROPFEMALE > tale characters : Please be aware of old hags delivering fruit . 
thinks she might know what goes through which foramina . 
is wondering how many different types of joints the person who wrote the PM&S study guide thought there were in a toe . 
finally checked her neuro grade and was relieved that she was not one out of 45 . 
.... 3:00 pm on a school day in a school zone with children present ....... SLOW DOWN ASS !!!! 
can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep 
Anyone have the clinical anatomy key ? 
Zman says he has homework in Health and Math spelled H E L L and M E T H . What are they teaching children these days . :) 
Those of us who would have actually like to have gotten two hours of sleep for once on a Sunday night thank you . 
Einstein says an equation is something for eternity . 
... 2 pairs of shoes today , APMSA-ASICS by fedex and heels for Friday , today is an awesome day . 
Lecture on Pain is painful . 
What do you see when you turn out the light ? I'm not certain , but I know that it's mine 
..... Is there a chart for the viruses floating around out there ? 
is unavailable for consultation . 
wishes someone would quit leaving this woman in charge . 
Why is it that studying the brain makes my brain feel like mush ? 
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some waterry tart threw a sword at you . 
key to the 4th neuro quiz ? 
has had way tooooooo much Skybucks coffee . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Kerr is the best boyfriend ever . 
epic FAIL 
Now has 4 , count ' em , 4 real tires . No more spare . Yay !! 
When one explains the norm , shouldn't they have a model that is normal ? 
Votes for no more biomechanics ! 
anyone else having difficult getting onto rfums website ? 
Good Luck to all the P3's taking their boards today !! 
just discovered the P2 schedule skips right over New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and is just wrong thereafter . 
appartently can't spell or type today . 
can't concentrate = futile to study ; can't sleep = staring at the ceiling 
is now plaster free . 
The purpose of reviewing an exam , is to learn from your mistakes . If you have no idea what your mistakes are , what purpose does an exam review serve . 
lecture boooooorrrrrrrriiiiinnngggggg !!! 
oooops !! 
needs an interpreter . 
anyone got any guesses about the random lower extremity anatomy questions on the quiz tomorrow ? 
parlamaters :) 
The Libertyville High School Marching Band rehearsing right outside my window is much better to listen to than my upstairs neighbor with his out of tune guitar . 
< PROPMALE > Deutsch says that I need Ritalin and a leash ( for the cats ) . 
chocolate for breakfast . < PROPFEMALE > would be so proud of me . :) 
is looking at the ECR lab schedule and thinking about what chaos it is when trying to merge it with the P2 clinic and workshop schedule . More than once , one or the other will need to be rescheduled . Argh ! 
We have Pathology at 8 AM ( in an hour and a half ) and there still isn't even a syllabus up on D2L yet . Way to procrastinate !! 
So now do we go to Pathology on Friday or not ? 
First thing you learn in Nursing school : How to Wash Your Hands ........... not so much in Doctor school . 
Anyone see the pattern O T T F F S S E ............ ? 
Teenaged boy is mean and cranky this morning . 
Real pathology or self study pathology ? 
coffee came too late 
predicts that she will put on more weight this year with the added stress of teaching the boy to drive . 
The edges of all my bruises itch . 
25 minutes to download stupid , updated ppt 
now has transportation . Thanks to all of my friends that took turns toting me home from school and < PROPFIRST > Kerr for just being his wonderful self . 
< PROPFEMALE > RoblesNorth should be so proud of me for completing all of my surveys . 
\the energy absorbed from one cup of coffee is more than the energy absorbed from a whole-body dose of 5 Sv\ " ( 4.5 to 6 Sv is the mean lethal dose ) " 
does not feel well today . Does anyone know if Pediatrics is recorded ? 
darn navy graduation 
The abbreviation for a person-Sievert is a pervert . :) 
hmmm ......... bacon ice cream !?!? 
The Dekalb Moose is just a Moo right now . 
Make sure to vote for my little < PROPFEMALE > Park at noon in 2.710 for the APMSA elections . 
Dr < PROPMALE > tells a good bedtime story . 
I have 18 votive candles packed for workshop tomorrow . Anyone in my group needing one ..... first come , first serve . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have beenaffected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a footup the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure forsomeone who deserves a foot up the ass , except ... a foot up the ass . But we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't r ... epost this . Because they too need a foot up the ass . 
pharm exam : which room ? 
3 hours of bedtime stories by Dr < PROPMALE > . 
is relieved there are no pics on the pediatric orthopedics lectures on D2L . 
Zach is going to be \Kick Ass\ " for Halloween . " 
Well that was a dumb idea ! 
coconut crusted tilapia , in theory sounds good , but in reality , not so much . 
When did the TN marry the STJ ? :) -Harrisism 
If the google calender is supposed to be constantly updated , why does it say that I am supposed to be in General Surgery and Anesthesia . 
traffic jam on 294 at 10 pm , hmm ..... 
My cat is entranced with the voice of Dr < PROPMALE > coming from my computer . 
loves how google calender just reminded her that quarter break is from Sunday Nov 7 to Saturday Nov 13 . Umm ... so we go back to school on a Sunday , right ? 
G&L , hold the T 
Veggie spring roll = hand held , portable salad 
Let the out of tune guitar playing begin . 
class at 8 , blah 
Change your profile pic to that of a cartoon or comic book character that used to be your hero when you were small and invite your friends to do the same . The objective ? No more human faces on Facebook but only a great invasion of childhood memories . Your turn ! 
new windshield at 3pm . yay ! 
antifungals make one anti-fun-gal . 
is annoy < PROPMALE > with my child's driver's < PROPMALE > teacher . 
has lost her muchness . 
is wondering if there are any professors at RFUMS that knows the difference between affect and effect . 
< PROPMALE > Deutsch loves me . 
i was just flashed by the midget perv in Kellen Cohn's car . 
Dr Szanto kind of sounds like < PROPFIRST > Fudd . 
You know it is going to be a bad night when the crazy-scary-evil lady is awake and won't go to bed at the beginning of the shift . 
NO ATTENTION SPAN !! 
All I want for < PROPFEMALE > to bring me for Christmas is an eidetic memory . 
Anyone know the requirements for the 3 scrips we have to write for workshop ? 
AAARRRGGGHHH !!!!!!! 
I give up !! 
Thunder just turned on the coffee maker . Wonder if she is trying to tell me something . 
is grounded from fb until after the pharm exam . 
Why is it the people in the scary movies never listen to me when I tell them not to answer the door or the phone . 
I am afraid to tilt my head . My liquified brain might leak out of my ear . 
ITS TRUE , WE ARE EXPECTING !!! I know , i know , its crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I was not going to put it on here because its obvious but wanted to make it official ... I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting !!! Yup its official ... We are expecting more snow on Sunday and again Monday !!! Re-post if you have any sense of humor ! 
finally had the nerve to look at my peds grade . I passed , yay !! 
If you can't remember the difference between cranial nerve 5 and cranial nerve 6 , should you be teaching neurology ? 
just witnessed a boy do an exceptional trick on rings , and his Dad sitting a little ways away say that the child did nothing special . Really ? You do it then ! 
has to go to school and play DR . 
A real woman always has a clean house , empty laundry basket , is well made-up , smells good , slim , healthy , eloquent and is perfectly well-behaved . Copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man 
Does this napkin smell like chloroform ? 
at the arthritis walk 
passed Radiology !!! :) Yay !!!!!!! 
