is currently being held prisoner . 

is ready to go to Florida . Tomorrow . 
is listening to Paranoid , by The < PROPMALE > Brothers and about to start packing I guess . Sigh .. 
Looks like I'll have to delay that until Wednesday :( 
is enjoying Florida so far :) loved food from Ciao < PROPFEMALE > and cappuccino from Panera bread ! 
Thinks he will shave his head today . Joking , of course , lol . I need to shave my face though . 
enjoyed the hamburger he cooked for himself :) I feel accomplished now . 
Is about to go to the mall ! Hopefully I won't spend too much .. lol . 
thinks Facebook is the only safe place in the world anymore . 
is a bit pissed . 
is about to cook dirty rice :) What would go good with that ? 
Does your husband know the way the sunshine gleams from your wedding band ? 
just finished Breaking < PROPFEMALE > , the last book in the Twilight Saga . It was very awesome ! I'm kind of sad that it's over now :( 
You've got me lovestruck 
is a bit pissed off again . 
Interesting reception .. 
is glad to be home again :) 
I make them good girls go baaad :) 
I need to work on this room !! I need a < PROPFIRST > wrench also , lol . 
Listening to The Wind Blows . I <3 AAR . :) 
is becoming satisfied with the progress I'm making in organizing various things in my life ! :) 
I do agree , eyebrows are overrated 
I'mma wear some Nike shorts with these boat shoes to work . Rawr . 
is so proud of the progress he has made in not only organizing his online banking , but also in spending less and saving more . 
thinks he will go to Detroit soon . 
my teeth hurt soooo bad ! Damn wisdom teeth :( 
is happy to be home from work . 
lol amazon.com has solar panels for sale 
is listening to RHCP , and waiting on the MJ discography to finish downloading 
lol I was -500 for May . Oh well , at least that months banking is organized too . 
was motivated but got a message and is now thinking of other things . Blah . 
wishes he wasn't tired and needed sleep . sigh 
You can't have a rainbow without rain :) 
is becoming very interested in efficiency . 
is about to move everything out of his room and clean . 
wow I just found my high school ring ! I knew there was a reason for this madness :) 
just moved his bed out by himself .. now he's about to start shampooing the carpet ! woot ! ( not ) 
wants to become as green as possible =-) 
about to watch Twilight with Kimmi K =-) 
' s keyboard is beginning to wear out =-( 
just installed new LED light bulbs in his bedroom . They use like 2% of the energy of a normal light bulb . 
loves his HP firefox persona :) 
rekindling my love for Everclear . The band , of course . Everyone knows I can't handle my alcohol . =-) 
I never thought I could ever dread fridays , and weekends as much as I do now . 
You say it best , when you say nothing at all . 
wishes things were a bit more clear , also a glass of tea would be nice . 
loved lunch with my brother on his b-day , and had a blast with Priya watching HP and shopping =-) 
I cannot believe you would want to for that on someone , regardless of their beliefs . 
I cannot believe you would want to force that on someone , regardless of their beliefs . 
I can't win your losing fight , all the time . 
You can scream , but there's just echoes .. 
tried to do things differently , and made it worse lol 
< PROPFEMALE > came home .. 
just got his hair cut .. I think I'll lay down now , I'm rather sleepy for some reason . 
should have went to Static . Oh wells , I can always get lots of sleep :p 
wishes he wasn't sick lol . 
what is going on .... 
is tired of low quality people . 
wishes he didn't have to go to work sick , but he couldn't get anyone to work for him , so up to the Village I go ! 
Just watched Grudge 1 and 2 . About to watch the third , and hoping I don't get eaten ;p 
just finished Grudge 3 . I'm still laughing with chill bumps all over my body :) I love horror movies that are funny too !! 
is still a bit sick , although I'm feeling much better than yesterday ! 
is catching up on some much needed cleaning . I have no time for being sick ;p 
SOS , she's in disguise o.o 
this is the story of a girl , who cried a river and drowned the whole world 
wishes he weighed zero . At that point , nothing matters . 
this is very interesting .. 
A teenage vow in a parking lot , \Till tonight do us part . \ " I sing the blues and swallow them too . " 
< PROPFIRST > Bond :) 
Casino Royale and then Quantum of Solace :D 
ok that was nasty 
is a very restless and unhappy individual . 
I must confess , I'm in love with my own sins =-) 
can't wait for my packages from Aeropostale to get here , Monday :) 
It's Foot Long Friday ! 
omg lol 
wishes it was still Foot-Long Friday =-( 
Hit me up ? 439 4341 
I'll show you Barack Obamas birth certificate when you show me < PROPFEMALE > Palins high school diploma xD 
loves the funny and true things < PROPMALE > Maher says about < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
Dr. Pepper in my mouth and Gin Blossoms in the ears . The good life .. :) 
and after all , you're my wonder wall . 
< PROPFIRST > Moooooon , she's a vegetarian , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
So you take a picture of something you see , but in the future where will I be ? You could climb a ladder up to the sun , or write a song that nobody had < PROPFIRST > , or do something that's never been done . Do something that's never been done .. 
bwahahaha ! 
hates rational thought . Why can't my daydreams and random ideas be true for once ? 
had a great lunch with Will at Ronin ! Now I think I'll clean my room . 
Wow ... I love you so much , < PROPMALE > from Pennsylvania . 
I love cornfields , and someday I will create a crop circle . 
I like pop , I like soul , I like rock but I never liked disco . 
if they have angel food cake on earth , do they have people food cake in heaven ? 
After all that has happened , I don't think that I can emotionally take them anymore . I'm hoping with all my heart it changes soon . 
When I think that I can't , I envision Obama 
my package has been in transit from < PROPMALE > for almost four days now , I really wish it would get delivered ! 
I never thought a package shipped Via UPS would be delivered to the post office . Brilliant , bloody brilliant . And oh so informative too ! If only I had known this four days ago . If only . 
picked up my package this morning . I'm still confused on that , and like Will said .. That is so 1870's . Lol . About to eat baked potatoes with shrimp in them ! 
had fun visiting with < PROPFEMALE > :) Now I'm about to change pants and go to work ! 
had a fun night . Happy people are always great :) 
Chickity < PROPFEMALE > the chinese chicken , you have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin . 
hopes the president succeeds 
my throat hurts =-( About to get ready and go to < PROPMALE > to deposit my check . 
Finally back from moving my sister to Monroe .. So tired =-( About to watch scream 2 ;) Hope I don't wake anyone up with my laughter =-D 
You could have knocked me out with a feather . 
is slightly confused about what to do .. I wish things were a bit more clear . Maybe a ride will clear things up 
Peanut butter on < PROPFEMALE > wheat bread :) yummy 
Invoking Nazism in the health care debate trivializes the holocaust . 
About to put on a movie and try to get some sleep , I have an early day tomorrow =-) 
still undecided , but making progress . About to go to bed , maybe tomorrow won't be so ... dramatic . Lol . 
Sitting at home , watching the sun trace shadows on the floor . 
wonders if he should upgrade from Windows 7 release candidate , to the full version when it comes out . Hmm . 
is a world away . 
It's not the position you stand , but the direction in which you look . 
Just opened a savings account . Yay . 
Needs a stamp to mail this form to < PROPMALE > ! 
Slowly walking down the hall , faster than a cannonball 
Do you feel like a puzzle , you can't find your missing piece ? 
Can't believe this is happening . Lol .. 
can't believe the circumstances :(((((((( 
Keep your coins , I want change . 
sigh .. 
Fly away on my zephyr =-) 
oh baby you're classic , like a little black dress . 
At St. < PROPFIRST > with my mammaw .. 
is amazed . 
let your individuality flow =-) 
I will never underestimate my own ability to sabotage myself ever again . 
lol I love my psyc professor already . 
about to go into English at 2 .. then headed home ! Can't wait lol 
Enjoyed his first day back at ULM . 
going to go see my grands and then to ULM to exchange a book ! 
Blame it on the vodka , blame it on the henny , blame it on the blue tap , got you feeling dizzy 
Took her half an hour just to get that belt to fasten ! 
I'm lucky to have been where I have been 
Death and all his friends . 
got you all fired up with your < PROPMALE > complex 
needs to do homework lol .. 
She'll be alright .. Just not tonight . 
likes being dismissed early . 
I can tell that this is going to be very time consuming already ... lol . 
You're playing with your life , this isn't no truth or dare .. 
Finally got to watch last weeks episode of Real Time =-) 
so much to do .. I really need to organize my life better . 
Can't believe how amazingly awesome the Metro Station album is . 
thinks his Barack Obama poster is very prettyful . 
my tummy is screaming for food =-( 
Lines , Vines , and Trying Times .. 
You lie !!! 
is very ... Oh Webster , what's the word ? 
Power to the planet . 
wishes really bad that he could figure out why my desktop is tripping my breaker ! 
likes his new clothes ! =-) 
bag full of chips , and we aren't talkin ruffles 
Reeboks ? Baby , you need to try new things . Ever try shoes with no strings ? 
black cards , black cars , all black everything 
is studying for his first sociology test ! ugh ! 
is glad he did well on his math test . 
loves his new jeans ! 
Working on homework , like a good boy ! 
Could go to sleep for days , weeks , months ... or years . 
is happy he at least did relatively well on the psych test . Average is nothing to be proud of though ;O 
is feeling pretty good right now =-D 
is terribly hungry 
woo-hoo another Saw movie ! Can't wait ! 
enjoying this < PROPFEMALE > =-) 
really wish the Real Time W/ < PROPMALE > Maher torrent would get uploaded already ! 
hope I can get the new(er ) car ! =-) 
words cannot describe . 
I've never understood you , and I guess I never will .. 
needs a lot more coffee , lol . 
all we do is shop until we drop , a-a-a-a-all we do is shop until we drop . Just throw it in the bag ! 
has had the longest day ever . 
never thought I would be labeled a morning person .. 
About to walk and then do some homework =-) 
And another one bites the dust .. 
kinda bored ;( 
excuse me lil mamma , if I may . 
Oh wells .. 
' s day turned out good afterall =-) 
In the end , I guess we are all in the same boat together . 
about to head out for the day ! Probably going to spend it in the lovely library =-) 
I suppose it's a bad idea to update your routers firmware and your wireless drivers at the same time X_X 
just finished watching < PROPMALE > & Me =-O 
has missed the internets . 
cars , doors , ants , interstates , secondary deviance , bleach , food , and the challenges of bureaucracies . 
is peaking at 550kb/s this morning . Go Netgear =-) 
really needs to get to studying for his sociology test tomorrow ! 
is peaking at 767 kB/s tonight =-) 
about to have lunch at my nonnie and grandaddy's =-) 
thinks he's about to go see Capitalism , a love story . 
she listens like spring , and she talks like june 
had a lovely day ! 
is shaking in his boots .. 
probably going to watch confessions of a shopaholic lol 
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark .. 
really needs to get in the bed ! Early start tomorrow =-O 
Some people are ... silly . 
Que la fete commence ... 
thinks some should dare to be different , and not let what others think rule their lives . 
is a premium kinda guy . 
is a little geeked after figuring this math out =-) 
wardrobe of mine , I need to take a tip from < PROPFEMALE > and reinvent you . 
perhaps I underestimated . 
wants to know if anyone else still has a hold on ARROW for being advised , after being advised . 
Some things never change , I suppose .. 
wants a panini ! 
Getting born in the state of Mississippi , Papa was a copper and Mamma was a hippie . In Alabama she would swing a hammer , the price you gotta pay when you break the panorama . She never knew that there was anything more than poor . What in the world does your company take me for ? 
She's sneaky and smoked out , and it's starting to show 
had a bad day :( 
I want something else to get me through this semi charmed life . 
You're not a judge , but if you're going to judge me - sentence me to another life . 
is peaking at 825kB/s tonight 
Remember , Remeber the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot , I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
wishes he could have gotten some sleep 
\Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured . \"" 
She lives in a < PROPFEMALE > tale , somewhere too far for us to find 
Eeny , meeny , miny , moe , which phone do I get , Mr. < PROPFIRST > ? 
Ohh baby baby , it's wild world . It's hard to get by just upon a smile 
Another horrible day . :( 
is glad he's not sick with worry anymore . 
Sexy can I ? 
About to get ready to go to work ! 
You can sit beside me when the world comes down =-) 
had a good day at work ! We got lots done =-) 
wishes he could work through things better ! 
has had a good day - it's been full of sillyness , and I love it . 
is happy it's Thanksgiving break . I'm < PROPFEMALE > ready to catch up on some much needed rest and relaxation ! 
needs to get up and get ready ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
has turned a corner , hopefully for the better . 
is converting to vegitarianism quite nicely . 
It's a brand new day , full of brand new ideas . 
If you need to fall apart , I can mend a broken heart . If you need to crash and burn , then crash and burn - you're not alone . 
A little loaded , she was stealing another breath .. 
can't wait for winter break . I'm sooo glad I didn't sign up for the winter session ! 
has been < PROPFEMALE > tired lately . 
Buckle online is so slow -_- I want my clothes this week !! 
' cause sometimes we don't really notice how good it can get ! 
I just don't know what to do about you , darling . 
Had fun hanging out at the Git It All with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
what an interesting day .. Oh wells , I'm off to bed ! Tomorrow starts finals week x_x . 
has got a plan ! 
You and your love song have such a bitter after taste , Mr. Prufrock 
is enjoying a peanut butter sandwich =-) 
I might get to study for the psych test after all .. 
is forever doomed to making the same grades . 
Really ? Are you that stupid ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I hope that everyones holiday has been wonderful =-) 
loves his new mattress he got yesterday . 
Going to work soon =-O 
is going to work = -x 
\Well we've got to rewrite the news ! That's what they do over at Fox . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Griffin " 
Soo .. I've got a date with these books ! Not looking forward to online classes resuming tomorrow !! 
is motivated today , and loving these triscuits . 
just owned < PROPFIRST > Beal at his own game . 
is feeling the heat x_x . 
has to lay down .. today was rough ! 
I wish I could remember where I had to go x_x 
is now heading to Florida =-) 
\You should definately buy a garmin since you're directionally challenged\ " >_>;" 
Is having a very good time in FL =-) 
Just remember I love you more than I can say 
has his fingers crossed for < PROPFEMALE > Coakley . 
Can't wait for these final 16k < PROPMALE > to be up .. then I can finally be rid of that travesty that is my car ! 
needs a ladder to climb out of this hole he has dug for himself . 
is smiling at the though of closing that chapter . Tomorrow , I hope to begin a new chapter that is much more beautiful , hopeful , and happier than the last . 
hates when innocent people get caught in the crossfire . 
\Worry gives a small thing a big shadow . \ " - Swedish Proverb " 
“Run your fingers through my soul . For once , just once , feel exactly what I feel , believe what I believe , perceive as I perceive , look , experience , examine , and for once ; just once , understand . ” 
cannot believe that there is not a pair of shoes for me in all of < PROPMALE > . 
is about to nap for a few minutes and then work at 1 =-P 
love , love , love , love , love the snow !! 
is about to get some SERIOUS cleaning done ! W00t ! 
“People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Kubler-Ross 
You're tearing me apart and you don't even know it :( 
For me , it happens all the time . 
Isn't hungry but his tummy is saying otherwise . Quite loudly , lol . 
I used to care so much about what others think about , I almost didn't have a thought of my own . The slightest remark would make me embark on the journey of self doubt . But , that was a while ago - this boy has gotten stronger . If I knew then what I knew now , I would have told myself not to worry anymore , it's OK . 
Bloody Brilliant ! 
I hate how men can complicate uncomplicated things ! 
IF YOUR MOM IS YOUR HERO , WHETHER YOU ARE BLESSED TOO HAVE HER STILL WITH YOU , OR IF SHE HAS GONE TO BE WITH THE LORD , COPY AND PASTE THIS WITH HER NAME- < PROPFEMALE > Rentz 
Not even Lexapro could stem the tide of doubt , sadness , and malaise that has taken over my head today . 
If my voice could reach back through the past , I'd whisper in your ear \oh darling I wish you were here . \"" 
thinks that was some epic sleep I just got . I loveeee my new bed . =-) 
To feel alive again , it's a beautiful thing . 
The past and the present , they don't matter now that the future is sorted out 
thinks his desktop is < PROPMALE > beast . It has survived 2 power supply meltdowns , and thanks to < PROPFIRST > Hall it is up and running again =-D 
is over worked and over schooled .. But I've resolved that running is no option , not with so much on the line . 
dreamed many dreams last night , oh how mentally exhausted I must have been - I haven't dreamed in months . 
“Those who do not hate their own selfishness and regard themselves as more important than the rest of the world are blind because the truth lies elsewhere” - Blaise Pascal 
wants to sleep so bad , but has been sleeping for almost two days straight ! Ugh ! 
Is in a Coldplay and < PROPFIRST > Bublé kinda mood , if that makes any sense .. 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Urban <3 
a razor thin margin of success is still success ! 
* yawn * I'm about to hit the hay . <3 sleep <3 
Loves observing people and things . I wonder why it seems that everyone is nervous around me now ? 
Kinda faded but I feel alright , thinkin about makin my move tonight 
Dear bed of mine : our week apart will never be repeated . I <3 you & hope you work your magic tonight . 
Has had a good day at work . lot's of motivation today ! 
found the shirt he wanted , but it's not available in my size ! ugh ! 
It's interesting what can happen when you put your fears or judgements aside .. 
thinks it's messed up that the touch screen on my phone randomly stops working . 
Is happy that health insurance reform has passed . Common sense trumps ideology always , and while we may have lost the rhetorical battle , I know history will judge us far better . ( Unless you're in Texas of course , lol ! ) 
I'm pretty sure I'm sitting next to the most awesome guy ever . * Sigh * if only I could talk to him . 
Outwardly happy and inwardly suffering . I cannot shake the memories of my childhood lately , I wish they would just go away ! 
laid down for a few minutes , and it turned into three hours ! I feel much better now . 
Is tired again .. :/ I'm about to lay down . Guess I'll have to finish everything tomorrow morning ! 
has a long night ahead of him . Hope I survive , lol 
I got a boy , he is a beauty . Really special , really and truly .. 
Installing FF7 on my computer =-DDDD 
is tiiiirreedd . I can feel the worry coming back , but I'll deal . 
wishes his stomach would calm DOWN . I feel like I ate something that was bad :( 
hmmm sooo hungry . Wish I could eat something , but I can't since I've had my wisdom teeth out :( 
Is enjoying the break so far . Long night of studying ahead probably =-( 
Get the freakin drift man !! 
when I grow up , I want a son named Tavo .... =-) 
has that black amex , aka that throw it in the bag card ;D 
Finding what you want can end up being ... being such a bore . * yawn 
This fall is going to be fun ... I know it already .. 
thinks that ... this headache needs to start hitch hiking . Now . 
About to go to bed :/ 
is about to do some laundry ... then play some FF .... =-) 
about to take a relaxing nap ... =-) 
What's that ya say Mrs. Robinson , joltin ' < PROPFIRST > has left and gone away ( hey , hey , hey ) 
Could stand to have a nap right about now . A really really loooong one , at that . 
Woo Hoo ! I'm so happy =-) 
Just planted three new flowers in my garden ! Thinking this is going to look better than I though . =-) 
would really love to read \Leave your tears in Moscow\ " again " 
is wishing that his leg would stop hurting ... ugh ! 
is praying to the flying spaghetti monster for < PROPMALE > Brown and his Labour Party . 
nearly fell asleep at work ! I'm going to bed ! =-) 
kinda thinking one of my fans in my desktop is knocking on deaths door = -X 
Had lots of fun with Kimmi and < PROPMALE > last night ! 
is Florida bound !! Yippee ! 
watching gladiators on the history channel with my daddy =-) 
isn't love the sweetest thing ? 
is back home in Louisiana . My eyes hurt ; x 
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you \ 
finally feel it . ~ J.K. Rowling 
Please put this on your status if you \ 
know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was \ 
obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will \ 
understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel \ 
Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil \ 
Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste \ 
this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Open up your mind , and then open up your heart .. You'll see that you and I aren't very far apart . ' Cause I believe that love is the answer . I believe that love will find away . 
Absolutely cannot stand for someone to text me and not make conversation ! I'd rather wonder what you're doing that be irritated by your one word replies . And the convoluted part of all of this is that .. You text me first ? Why ? If I ever texted/messaged someone , I'm most likely armed with things to talk about ! I may not be the best , but at least I manage . You fail . QFT & GTFO , kthnksbi . 
Oh , I've got no reason , got no shame , got no family I can blame .. 
Isn't really supposed to feel like this anymore . I suppose it's what I get for being so socially ocd at times and with certain people . 
One Republic's new song \Secrets\ " <3 " 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > , you're breaking my heart . You're shaking my confidence daily ! 
About to go to < PROPMALE > ! Woo Hoo ! 
dropped my phone in a bowl of water :( 
Hopes that Verizon replaces my phone tomorrow . Keeping my fingers crossed ! 
is about to go get a new phone ... What should I get ? Hmm ! 
Droid does :) :) :) :) :) 
Bored !! 
It's not having what you want , it's wanting what you've got ! 
I will buy you a garden , where your flowers can bloom . I will buy you a new car perfect shinny and new . I will buy you that big house , way up in the west hills . I will buy you a new life .. 
Some people make me homicidal ! 
Reading <3 :) 
Loves kimmi 
\Let\ 
Daaaaaaaaang !!!! 
Really needs to get up and work on this house , but after this week I think some leisure time is ion order ! 
“To\ 
believe in yourself and to follow your dreams , to have goals in life \ 
and a drive to succeed , and to surround yourself with the things and the\ 
people that make you happy -this is success ! ” - < PROPFEMALE > Azevedo 
First day of summer session .. 
Would love to take a nap right now or just go to sleep , but I've got to study french :( 
' s legs are achy after the new work outs I did yesterday ! Ugh ! 
“We\ 
think sometimes that poverty is only being hungry , naked and homeless . \ 
The poverty of being unwanted , unloved and uncared for is the greatest \ 
poverty . We must start in our own homes to remedy this kind of poverty . ” Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Ugh not wanting to get up ! 
Really wishes he could stay up late and study like other people seem to be able to . 
Wonders if I'm an uber geek for listening to music from videogames I've played , over and over again on youtube .. 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now .. 
Oh Facebook , how I love it when you're screwy . 
Is studying into the wee hours of the morning , sleep .. come and take me away . 
It's easy to impose change on others , but it's infinitely more difficult\ 
to impose change on yourself . Every day is a new struggle to which I \ 
will greet with a smile , because I know that all I must do is \keep my \ 
Je suis fatigue . = -l 
Is as red as a lobster ! 
Laying in bed , freezing and burning up at the same time .. x_x 
Just slept for like 12 hours lol . Finally awake , so the studying can begin . 
Trying to be positive when everything coming in is negative . 
Icee <3 
And now ... I think everything will be okay . 
Can't wait for footlong Friday !! 
Feels a lot better about things now :) 
What a wonderful ending to such a regretful day . 
Is it too early to say the nightmare is nearly over ? 
Is getting all my junk out of my car and preparing to trade it in tomorrow or the next day . Hmm what should I get though ? 
Is seriously bored ... :/ 
So now you get a message every time I like \ 
something ? Interesting . I wonder if you'll get this as well . 
Could really hop in the bed and go to sleep right now ! 
Going to get my new car tomorrow . Can't wait =-) 
Thinks that we are about to have a family reunion at < PROPFIRST > edwards mazda . Lol 
My tooth hurtsssss :( 
Guesses it's just not going to happen . =-( 
Thinks it is crazy how long the movie line is at the mall 
Wishes his blood sugar would stop crashing .. 
Yeah , I guess I'm doing okay .. I moved in with the strangest guy . Can you believe he actually thinks that I am really alive ? 
When I say \I don't care\ " it means just that . Its not a free pass to keep bugging me ! Take it as a cue to shut your mouth ! " 
is feeling much better now ! 
Quina's LVL 5 death + Grand Dragon ( Final Fantasy 9 ) = training ecstacy ! 
came home to a swan in my front yard . Yes , today has been weird . 
Is a very sad person right now . :'( 
Saw Predator <3 
I like turtles . 
very tired .. 
I tried to paint you a picture , the colors were all wrong . Black and white didn't fit you and all along , you were shaded with < PROPFEMALE > , your strokes of everything that I need just to make it , and I can see that ... Lord knows I've failed you , time and again but you and me are all right 
Really wants to go to < PROPMALE > today ! 
I really need help when it comes to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
<3 One Republic <3 Cat Stevens <3 
Would kill for an ability sphere on FF10 !! Oh wait ... I have to do that anyway :/ 
is about to clean his closet out to make room for the mini fridge ! 
thinks he has had a very productive day . He's about to pass out though ! 
My personal inadequacies abound , I am resigned to what I am today and what I will be tomorrow . 
a little nap turned into four hours . I feel rested and rejuvenated , but the problem is I doubt I'll get any sleep tonight :/ 
Just got home from seeing Salt and OMG was it amazzzzzzing . =-) . I can't wait to go back to the movies to see it again . 
All we need , all we need ... a lovers alibi 
Dang I feel like butt today ... 
Now that I've finished my awesome campfire blast , I feel like I'm going to die . x.x 
Just changed my primary language to English ( Pirate ) . Lmao :) 
You know I've seen a lot of what the world can do , and it's breaking my heart in two because I never want to see you sad , girl .. 
Hello , good morning , how you doing with the movie\ 
\ 
and welcome to the future I’m the captain of the cool kids ! \ 
The revolutions never been televised\ 
great booty better thighs I ain’t wanna tell him bye 
I just gave my dogs a bath . They smell good , but I'm pretty sure they're ticked off at me now . >_> 
Blahh . I'm tired and hurting again . 
I wish I could drift off into my dream world , where so many interesting things live like ancient oil wells in my back yard or wonderful thoughts of color and interior design flourish . A world without the emotional pain that makes my heart ache , or the physical pain that wakes me from my wonderful slumber , pain that makes my eyes tear even now . 
Finally got a new power adapter for my laptop !! 
Even though Prop 8 doesn't effect me , I am happy that it got struck down yesterday . Hopefully that ruling will set the stage for equal marriage rights . 
Thinking it's about time to start shopping for school clothes . Any suggestions on what to buy ? 
as for me , it's time to retire to my bed for the night . I'll probably be reading about Mr. Khrushchev again :) 
sooo very drunk . 
my task for the day : keep this office at a cool 72 degrees . So far , I'm on track to achieving that . :) 
I came home from work and took a loooonnnggg nap . Now it appears I'll be up all night . Oh wells , at least I'll get a few things done . 
Should I order the jeans or the shirt ? I just don't know . 
is reading ( as usual ) =-P 
All is want to do is cancel my subscription to XM . Why is that so difficult to understand ?? I'm getting very irritated x.X 
\When it comes down to it 
is very very very ( did I say VERY !! ) happy to be able to listen to SiriusXM radio again :) 
is about to get ready to go to funroe . Yippee !! 
Has massive runs today 
Bored :( 
is about to kick back and relax while playing a lil FFX ! :) 
is finally awake . He can't wait for his clothes to be delivered :) 
I have seriously the worst luck with phones . 
When I feel sad and alone , when I can feel the worry and the tears coming back , when I get scared by the thought of being like that again ... I find wonderful solace in music . 
My legs hurt today :( 
Sigh , in Buckle but I dont't know what to get 
Should I sleep or read about N . Khrushchev ? I think Mr. Khrushchev wins this round . 
I got my Kindle for Android app working , I'm so happy :) 
would kill for some real food right now .. 
The prospect of sleep ... never felt so good . 
really needs to get a headstart in reading his textbooks ! 
You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream ! 
Flying spaghetti monster , give me the strength to accomplish what I set out to do , the < PROPFEMALE > to endure this new task , and the knowledge to be effective in all that I do . 
My dog just came and got in the bed with me . She was covered in ants . FML . 
Froyo update for my Droid = awesomeness !! 
is going to try to get a head start on sleeping tonight ! 
My nonnies banana nut cake = favorite dessert of all time . :) 
Is finally of work ! Bed time ! :) 
Feet . Hurt . Baaaaaad . 
is tired of being single :( 
It's the first day of class ... I'm kind of nervous ! 
I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad , the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
loves waking up and having a liesurely morning before school at 2pm . 
is like ... blah :-/ 
“Oh , \ 
I am very weary , Though tears no longer flow ; My eyes are tired of \ 
weeping , My heart is sick of woe . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Bronte . It's days like today that make me feel like the tears are edging closer to the surface , just a turn of events away from spilling . 
mmm I can smell my mom cooking stuffed < PROPFEMALE > peppers ! My favorite dish in the world ! 
Go away Facebook ! I need to study !! 
Sleep <3 Hopefully I'll dream wonderful dreams , since my brain is so tired from stressing ! 
Is trying his best to keep his teeth from clattering in this cold library 
Just owned a lil n00b ... I mean Tarron Lenn Poland . Hahaha ! 
Bedd .. Early day tomorrow . 
So freakin dead ... I wanna go get back in the bed :( 
I must say , FB , the drama llama was working overtime today ! 
Woke up from my nap to a burger and baked cheetos .... thanks mom !! 
For all of the times we've stopped , for all of the things I'm not ... We put on foot in front of the other , we move like we aint got no other , we go where we go ... We're marchin on . 
Worked hard today ... but I messed up my knee :( 
set my alarm for 7pm instead of 7am -_- .. 
Chillen with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and about to start my homework ! 
I just got home ... Very tired ! 
Got my drunk texts goin , I'll regret it in the mornin ! 
Is awake and ready to face the day ! 
Wants to go shopping :/ 
Had a good day today . Now it's time for beddd <3 
wants today to go away :( I want my warm bed back , so I can stop shivering and yawning in this computer lab . 
Off work finally .. kinda bored :p 
Is home from work :) 
Goo Goo Dolls - Big Machine <3 
Hmm wanting to go do something but idk what .. 
Sirius/XM just rickrolled me . Wtf -_- ... 
YES !!!!!! 
:) 
blah I don't want to get up ! 
is in a good mood today . =-) 
is a lil bored right now . 
is a lil bored .. :( 
Just bought the Glee Cast cover of Don't Stop Believin ' :) 
My DSL modem went bad :( 
Hates being nervous .. 
Well blah ... that flopped :( 
hmmmmm . Now that I'm off work , what should I do ? 
had lots of fun , but he really wishes @ < PROPFIRST > Beal would stop being a turd . 
Is having trouble getting going this morning ! 
mmmm off work and bored .. 
lol < PROPFEMALE > is dressed up in a trash bag on the VMA's >_> ... 
B.O.B. can't sing :( 
thinks the weekend was so random . In a good way , though .. 
My soul smiled today . 
Is waiting to see the doc at the orthopedic clinic :/ 
is going to take a nice warm bath , and then get some homework and housework underway . 
So , what now ? 
Aww my dog just found a baby rabbit in our front yard <3 
Run fast for your mother , run fast for your father , run for your children and your sisters and brothers . Leave all your love and your loving behind you . You can't . < PROPFEMALE > it with you if you want to survive . 
I wish that someone would come stay the night with me . I hate staying at home alone :( 
I'm lonely :( I wish I had a boyfriend to spend the day with . 
Oh my ! I seem to have misplaced my sobriety ! What ever will I do ?! 
I really think a ride around the back roads is in order ! 
I guess I should just give up :( 
Some days I would hurt and I did not know why . Some days I thought that I must be losing my mind . Yesterday I found out that it is not my mind that I am losing , but rather ... my spine . 
I can't wait to get home and enjoy playing civilization 5 ! 
is a little drunk ! 
working on my desktop pc , then .... homework :( 
Ugh ! I'm so ticked off right now ! I really just need to build me a new computer ! 
I'm tired , my legs ache and my back hurts ... but I'm very much happy right now ! 
I'm about to lose my mind ! 
Andrew : \I'm going clubbing this weekend :) \ " \ 
In my place were lines that I couldn't change , and I was lost , oh yes .. 
Now it's time for all of that sleep I've been daydreaming over . :) 
Bubble bath <3 
I just don't know what to think ! 
Whoa .. 
I would never ask that of anyone , but I suppose that's just me ! Anyways , I see a loooong game of civilization 5 in my near future <3 :) 
Don't lose your compassion in the process , dear . 
a relaxing bubble bath <3 ... and then studying until late late tonight . 
Drama is not the water your withering soul desperately needs and wants . 
I know exactly who I am and what I want to be , I know exactly why I walk and talk like a machine . 
Je suis fatigue de francais ! 
Pimpin the range rover :) 
is getting every bit of living he can while he is still able to do it <3 
Anyone doing anything tonight ? I'm bored and willing to drive :) 
My new computer just shipped :) 
\Going back to the corner where I first saw you\ 
Is at home ... Watching Dear < PROPFEMALE > on HGTV <3 
Got my new computer in and all set up , found my medicine , and then went to my nephews football game . Now all I'm waiting for is Civ5 to finish downloading :) 
\Tell me how you feel\ " \ " Llew I leef ekil eryeht gniklat ni a egaugnal I tnod kaeps dna eryeht gniklat ti ot em \"" 
Have you ever fed a lover with just your hands ? Close your eyes and trust it , just trust it . Have you ever thrown a fist full of glitter in the air ? Have you ever looked fear in the face and said I just don't care ? 
What can I say , today really blew me away <3 
is hoping that today is a good one :) 
still feeling good from partying last night :) 
My shoulder woke me up :( Now I can't go back to sleep ! 
is like all blah and crap . 
I'm going to take a nap , and then I'm off to < PROPMALE > to stay the night with < PROPFEMALE > Washam :) 
Rawr ! 
\Vi Veri Veniversum Vivus Vici \"" 
Oh how I love it when other people get on my phone .. 
At school ... bored :/ 
Bottoms up bottoms up , I got a couple bottle but a couple isn't enough ! 
\Fanaticism is forever busy and needs feeding . \"" 
is curled up in front of the heater . He's a lil achy because of the cold but not nearly as bad as usual . 
Its already happening :) 
Text the cell ... Number's in the info area 
I forgot to take my mobic last night . My whole body hurts today . Fml . 
Hmm what to do today ? 
Tears of joy :) 
On my way to physical therapy . 
Lost my keys at the bank :( I'm stranded :( 
Overslept big time lol 
Finally up after getting shots in my back . I'm in pain :( 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November\ 
The Gunpowder Treason and Plot\ 
I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason \ 
Should ever be forgot . 
wishes his hands weren't so still all the time here lately . 
They said that I'm the abomination of Obama's nation ! 
is very bored :( What should I do ?? 
< PROPFIRST > Black <3 
Baby's got blue skies up ahead , but in this I'm a rain cloud . You know he wants a dry kind of love ... oh oh oh , the sweetest thing . 
I just shot myself in the foot . :((( 
Has a callous streak running down his spine . 
Lost mah phonnnnneeee . :( 
I got a droid2 replacement phone :) 
Wide awake after 4 hours of sleep :( 
If you love me , won't you let me go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > washam is my hero 
Is feeling the best he has in a long time :) 
Is up kinda early . 
Is enjoying Thanksgiving break :) 
Is going to rest my feet a little bit .. and then hopefully I can work up the motivation to walk on my treadmill :) I gotta try to get into shape now that I'm on the mend ! 
I want someone to go with me to see Burlesque !! 
Just finished 1984 :) it was such a sad book . 
What should I do now ? I think it's time to read a lil more of Pride and Prejudice . <3 
Okay im officially irritated with my phone right now >:( 
225 : i'll never forget your encounter with pop's haha 
I just made it home ... bed time ! Work in the a . m .... then who knows ? 
A specter is haunting Europe - the specter of Conservatism . 
is going to bed .. Tomorrow is going to be looong . 
Made manacotti for the first time tonight . It turned out grrrrrreat !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) I hope that everyone has an awesome Christmas ! 
Some people are just too random . 
ugh , my tummy hurts :( 
I think I need another cigarette for this one . 
I wish that I could bring my car inside to clean it out !! Its < PROPFEMALE > cold outside !! 
I'm an Aquarius now ... Hmmm ... 
Is piecing it all back together now . 
If your Dad is , or was , your hero , your best friend , or just the BEST Dad ever ; whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an ANGEL in heaven . Copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him forever !!!! 
Thinks that todays image on google.com is awesome . :) 
Is glad things are starting to look up !! 
Is resting . Been working and schooling a lot lately !! Time for a night of rest . :) 
The one day that I need books from the Library , and the search won't work x_x . 
\A question that sometimes drives me hazy : am I or the others crazy ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Is laying in his warm bed with the window slightly cracked .. enjoying the weather : x 
Tis been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . They don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
Please be thinking about my grandfather < PROPMALE > Blackman , he has had a heart attack and is at St. < PROPFIRST > . 
At my bros house chillen with my man ! 
No , I don't believe in religion , but someone please give me the strength to not roll down my window and throw this stupid phone out ! I cannot WAIT to get a new phone . One more day of this , and I'll be headed for this sixth floor . \ 
OK , rant over . 
Wellll , im officially a shareholder in Homeland Bank . I feel so special . 
is becoming such a Gleek , it's unreal . 
Sigh , my joints hurt . 
And long after I've gone , You'll still be humming along , and I will keep you in my mind ... The way you make love so fine :) 
Coffee ? I think yes . 
Sigh , now my good mood is completely ruined . 
My phone acts like its 4 years old , and its not even 4 months old . -.- 
I want macaroni and cheese with bacon bits :) 
-Sigh- This is getting really old , really fast . 
It's my birthday , so I should be able to do whatever I want , right ? 
All your love is a song :) 
Just listened to the Glee Cast version of Bad Romance , and I've got to say ... Wow ! They did it better than Lady Gaga :) 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! Today has been really awesome !! :) 
I never thought I would say this , but I definitely respect Windows Media Center . 
/cries 
So the whole parish loses power .. after that huge storm we had last night passes ? Wtf ? 
I'm downloading 1984 the movie , about to get a snack and then lay down and relax =-) 
Just activated my replacement phone Verizon sent me :)) 
Its sooo early .. I want to go back to bed :( 
< PROPMALE > O'Rielly: \You are a master of propaganda . \ " \ 
Sigh :( 
is sooo bored . 
is playing Final Fantasy 12 . 
Hart came to see me 3 times today , and I missed him every time :(( oh wells , he'll be here when I wake up in the morning so im readyyyy to go to sleep !! 
Follow me on Tumblr !! jushall.tumblr.com 
“”Poetry is not a turning lose of emotion , but an escape from emotion ; it is not the expression of personality , but an escape from personality . But , of course , only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things . ”\ 
— T.S. Eliot in Tradition and the Individual Talent 
First day of spring break =-)) 
B-B-Bennie and the Jets . Oh how you remind me of someone I worry about daily . 
Bored :/ 
The new Glee episode came out , and of course I can't watch it ' cause Hart's in Florida :(( Fml . 
< PROPFEMALE > I got a mohawk .. but no < PROPFEMALE > lol . 
Has lost 15 pounds in the past few weeks . I'm very proud of myself . 
Vodka > < PROPFEMALE > 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? \ 
? If you had or have an amazing MOTHER , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? 
Went to see scream 4 . Omg it was so horrible ! :( 
Cant wait for Friday . That's the day everything changes . 
Woke up bright and early feeling like a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine this morning :) 
Because everybody dies , but not everybody lives . <3 
Flawless <3 
Became disconnected with wayyy too many people that I really like having as friends . 
Party Rock is in the house tonight . <3 
Just because I didn't feel that way about you doesn't mean I can't feel . K , thanks ! 
It never fails , I always make just one C . 
Driving to < PROPMALE > , wishing I was off work 
INFJ . Still shocked I found other people like me , lol . 
So completely drained today , and I just woke up :/ 
\Be firm in your answers and don't look to the left !! \ " Cracks me up every time . " 
Too ... much .. partying .. x.x 
Is sweeter than a Swisher <3 
Is all blahh today 
Is having on of ' those ' days . 
I think I'm ready to leap , I'm ready to live , I'm ready to goooo . 
I've never been one to admit that i'm wrong , but ... I was so wrong . I wish things were different . 
How would you pronounce Hebert ? It's more complicated than you think . 
I hope I finally get some sleep . 
All by myself at work again today o.o 
-_- 
Is getting his mohawk cleaned up ! :) 
Getting a HTC Thunderbolt 4G ;)))) 
Cant wait for Friday ;) 
Players only love you when they're playing <3 
It's too early >_< 
You would never guess it .. 
Into a place where thoughts can bloom , into a place where it's nine in the afternoon . 
... neeeds ... sleeep .. 
“When it comes down to it , I let them think what they want . If they care enough to bother with what I do , then I'm already better than them anyways . ” - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
That was ... Interesting . Lol . 
Misses watching Glee :(( My favorites need to come back <3 
She's got it out for me but I wear the biggest smile ;) 
Nonnie told me to get rid of her cactus in her garden , and the cactus won :( 
' He was born with the gift of laughter and a sense that the world is mad'- R . Sabatini . 
Headacheeee ... :( 
At < PROPFIRST>'s house , sipping on a Mikes <3 
Woke up with a headache . Again . 
Could fall asleep right now . 
My dream house is plaid <3 
A friend told me to ' be happy , ' I think its worth noting that I've never felt so confident or happy than I am now . Life is hard , but I'm having fun . (: 
Is working more hours now ! W00T ! 
Borrrred . Hmu !! 
I swear this house is haunted .. the lamp just came on and went off by itself >_> 
I think I'm really addicted to having a friend with me at all times . Not having one today was very odd indeed , but luckily I'm being enabled tonight . <3 
My last night at mammaws and Louisiana for that matter . I should have brought the vodka . 
On my way to Florida to see my daddy , < PROPMALE > Hall , and my brother < PROPFIRST > Hall ! 
Thanks for all the well wishes , everyone !! I just got finished having dinner , now its time for some r&r . :) 
Is on Interstate 10 , headed home : x 
I can't wait to get my new clothes in :) Thanks daddy and mammaw ! 
Maybe they're blinded , but < PROPFIRST > makes them ageless <3 
Tell the World I’m coming home\ 
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday\ 
I know my kingdom awaits and they’ve forgiven my mistakes\ 
I’m coming home , I’m coming home\ 
Tell the World that I’m coming home 
I did not see that coming !! 
Beddd <3 
I hate waking up with the feeling that i've been on my feet for hours . It doesn't make sense :( 
If I didn't reply the first time you messaged me , then i'm probably not going to reply -_- 
Is a master of snatching victory from the jaws of defeat <3 
Real Time with < PROPMALE > Maher <3 
“If we learned anything from this moronic debt ceiling debacle , it’s that government is a lot like the subway . People tend to give the crazy person what he wants . ”\ 
— < PROPMALE > Maher , Real Time With < PROPMALE > Maher 
About to watch Suckerpunch again <3 
Follow me on tumblr ? Jushall.tumblr.com 
Dishpan hands + ocd = me on the verge of tears . :( I think i'd rather just leave it untreated . 
Bye SiriusXM ... I will miss you . 
Do NOT start a conversation with me if you cannot start it in a polite and respectful manner . Any deviation from this will get you deleted and/or blocked . 
Doing a factory data reset on my phone -_- 
I got an awesome compliment today . Apparently I sound \proper\ " when I speak . " 
I like being < PROPFEMALE > skinned <3 
Why do you message me ? It's not like you make any conversation .. 
Homeeee . Bed time :) 
Today was ... bitter sweet . \ 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” 
Catfish , hush puppies , black eyed peas , and a green salad with strawberry cake for dessert . Nom nom nom :) 
Went to the doctor , got told my new/worsening back pain was probably normal for what i've already been diagnosed with . Fml . 
I'm just a lowly boy from North Louisiana , and you are ... perfection personified . 
Back to school in the morning :// 
I have the most vivid and random dreams . 
I wish I knew how some of these clowns even made it to college . 
Workkkk :// its too early ! 
I'm beginning to think that weird is the new normal , for me . 
Why must I fight sleep every night ? 
Smiley faces in a text weird me out ... often . 
Must you post your sexual proclivities on Facebook ? I'm not telling you what to do , I'm just saying it * might * be inappropriate . 
My last class until 5:30 .. Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Two < PROPMALE > disappointments in one day ? I forsee a blitz in the future . 
< PROPFEMALE > bored .. :/ text me .. if you don't have my number , inbox me . 
So , I pretty much got exactly what I wanted . But I'm still sad ? This makes no sense .. 
I hate it when people say ' you're too young to know about that ' or ' are you sure you're 21 ? You look 16 . ' -_- 
Go to sleep at 3:30 am and get up at 7:30 am for work ? Yeah I got this . 
The past few days have shown me that I can and should cut these vices out of my life . One down , two to go . 
Out of a sea of mediocre decisions that we make , there are those few that turn out to be greater than we could ever have imagined . 
Dinner <3 
I thought LA Tech had a nice campus ... guess not . 
Has smoked a grand total of ... 5 cigs today , less than a quarter of what I smoked just 3 weeks ago . #willpower 
Trying on my smaller clothes again . I haven't been this lite since early 2010 . <3 
Oh today is going to suck . Fml . 
I pray every night that Motorola goes belly up . I hate this phone with a passion . -_- 
Yeah , Verizon started to see it my way when I started pitching a fit in their store . Trying to decide which phone I want to go back and get . 
