THE WEDDING IS ON !!! SATURDAY , 12/19 AT PR'S ... ceremony at 11:00 a.m. If you can't make the ceremony , we'll be celebrating all day and into the night , STOP BY !! 

Amen , sister ... Facebook is my drug !! 
Our wedding ceremony was very touching and the feeling I had when I was looking into < PROPFIRST>'s eyes while repeating our vows was everything a little girl dreams of feeling when that time comes . 
Today I applied for a new Social Security Card !! And I've changed my name on Facebook ... It's now official !!! 
Don't bounce around in life trying to find yourself , use every experience , good and bad to CREATE yourself . 
Black 
Ugh !! I just need 1 more neighbor in Cafe World to expand my Cafe ... anybody want to be my neighbor ??? 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! Show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour 
I karate chopped a monster sliding down a hill because I'm cool like that 
I am soooo addicted to Bejeweled !!! Somebody stop me !!! 
Just got back from lunch with an old friend . It was great !! Again , thanks < PROPFIRST > for coming and call me so I can get your secrets to Bejeweled . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are off to Hanover to watch < PROPFIRST > \THE MONSTER\ " MESSERSMITH\ " kick some butt !! He is undefeated in his wrestling season and it's almost a shame to spend hours and hours at these tournaments when we only watch < PROPFIRST > crush his opponents in less than a minute ... but aaawww what a rush when he pins them !!! " 
And regretfully , my hubby cannot come to watch the wrestling tournament ... he's one heck of a hard working man and stepped up to work this weekend due to < PROPMALE > being ill ( Hope you feel better < PROPMALE > ) I love him and who could ask for a better man ... Charlie Brown got nothing on you , babe !!! Love You , Big Daddy !! xoxo 
? If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... because I have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him very much !!!! ? 
I'm Easy 
C'mon .... Mamma wants a barn ... click the link to help a girl out !! Thanks !! 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
We are twins !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > : A truly beautiful and charming person who is intelligent and and the most fantastic lover . The name < PROPFEMALE > is of Hebrew Origin and means < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the beholder of beauty . Her intelligence might overwhelm you at first but you'll soon be reeled in by her sophistication and charm . The name < PROPFEMALE > is generally given to those who sustain beauty throughout their lives and live life passionately . 
The stable is coming along , only need : 6 horseshoes , 1 nail and 3 boards . I don't need bricks or harnesses . Thanks to all who help !! 
Why would anybody want to take a child from his mother ??? 
Sooo happy in love ... but so sad for my baby-boy 
Today is a beautiful day !! 
Friends & Family ... go to www.yorkrevolution.com n vote for < PROPFIRST > Hedrick for 2010 bobblehead ! Yes , the response was so big they put it on the home website !! VOTE ! VOTE !! VOTE !!! Thanks everyone !! :) 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and ... the Home of the brave 
My son made a bet with me ... if he places 4th or better in tomorrows Wrestling League Match ... I have to buy him whatever singlet he wants !!! I like him in RED !!! 
For all of you Cintas People ... I just got a Customer Satisfaction Indes Call ( CSI ) from my mortgage company ... I had to answer if I was \Very Satisfied\ " and if I'd \ " Definitely Reccommend\ " their services ... Of course I gave them the best grade ... Good Stuff !!! " 
In exactly 2 weeks , I will be on the plane to Puerto Ricoooo !!!! Woohooo !! ( I start my sit-ups tomorrow ) 
I'm very proud of < PROPFIRST > . He did good today . Beat a kid he lost to before . 
Thanks for all the B-day wishes . Unfortunetly , I've been sick since then . But I'm better now and just in time to leave tomorrow for PUERTO RICOOOO !!! 
Back in York from Vieques , PR ... it's good to be home , but I do miss those beautiful sunsets !!! 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th 
It's not what you have .... it's what you become that's important . 
is leaving shortly for my lunchdate with my wonderful & caring husband ... and it's end of the month ( his busy time ) and he still made time for me . Thanks , baby ... I love you soooo much !!! xoxo 
Loves Her \Big Daddy \"" 
My babyboy is now on FB ... stop by and say hellooooo 
Next week this time , Sissy-Poo and I will be having fun in the sun in Outer Banks !!! Woohooo ... I think I will practice my adult malted beverage tolerance today . Gotta keep in tip-top shape if I intend to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got home from < PROPFIRST>'s make-up flag football game and almost got < PROPFIRST > and I ejected .... Sorry can't let some \mom\ " talk smack by telling her kid to hit my kid on the field ... it just ain't gonna happen !!! " 
Sissy Poo and I just got done getting deck and back yard ready for cookout this weekend . It's so pretty , I may have to try it out and crack a cold one soon ... Sissy you in ?? 
As of today , there is a NEW PRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-Facebook websites and it maybe automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " on your account . \ 
Today is my Daddy's birthday !!! Happy Birthday ... Love Your Favorite Lil ' Linebacker xoxo 
I've posted Mikey's Prom , Graduation and some additional Friends and Family pics ... enjoy !! 
I knew if I did good , good would come to me ... happy things seem to work out for the best and accept the bad cuz it makes the good so much better !! 
Ayaan Hirsi < PROPFIRST > is my hero . Educate yourself and never be afraid to question that which you do not understand . 
A woman's place is in the House ..... Senate and the Oval Office . 
I grin and BAER it ... because I LOVE him 
Having boys in the house is like taking a scoop of dirt from outside and distributing it ALL over the house . It's like a dirt scavenger hunt ... and I have 3 ... but I LOVE IT !! 
A very good friend of mine would like everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . They are the TRUE heroes of this great nation . Please repost . Thank you . " 
Let me know if you want Pretzel Sandwiches ... benefits < PROPFIRST>'s Wrestling Booster Club for Central ... Ham n Ch or Trk n Ch ... cost $4 ... I'll get $$$ later . 
