carpe pillow , forget diem , pillow's winning 

thanks all for the birthday wishes , you rock ! 
is heading to drum group , Hoka . 
I love Beatles Rock Band 
i wanted sushi yesterday , didnt get any , i want sushi today , i think im out the door and head to Fuji's 
you start with 2,000 chips for texas hold'em on FB , when you have over 10,000,000 is there any point to keep playing ? 
Laundry is in the corner throwing a temper tantrum , saying if I want it clean I will have to do it myself , I swear EVERY Sunday I go through this ! 
Just got home from a BBQ , great , great time today and i told myself i wasnt leaving the house today ! 
just got home , tired , headin to bed 
Four parties in three days , I need to go back to work so I can some rest , * whew * 
Once more into the fray I go 
Free at Last , I escaped from that horrible place where they expect you to do stuff and monitor you and then give you money at the end of the month but minus three days ! 
Heading out in bout an hour , hit me up if you dont know the spot 
Im on Furlough ... Im on Furlough ... Im on Furlough ... one more time Im on Furlough ... yeah ... yeeaah ... yeeeaaahhh ! Stop hatin you know you want to be off too ! 
Going to check out a live ROCK band , yeah I know , i dont do rock that much , this should be interesting , I love music , so hit me up if you want to know the spot , * two fingers in the air * 
SAMCRO , they are heading in the right direction , i was getting worried for a bit , its picking up now , goot one this week 
Happy we were lost until he discovered us day 
Why do i play Bejeweled again , stupid game ! 
Why is it when people invite me out i can be there in an half an hour but im suppose to be cleaning my spot and ive been at it all day and maybe halfway done ? could it be the stint of playing bejeweled , watching its always < PROPFEMALE > in philadephia and building a playlist so i could clean and the playlist takes an hour ... 
Saturday , no plans for the day and I have no problem with that . I need to catch up with It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia , seems like a perfect time for that . 
I hate when I cant sleep ... 
Heading out for Karaoke , hit me up if you want the spot . 
* SIGH * I am not receiving picture messages on my cell phone AGAIN ! I am sooo tired of at&t ! counting down the days til i can leave em , getting on the phone with tech support yet again , grrrrrrr . 
Indescribable night tonight ... 
Just watched this week's Californication , best episode this season for sure ! 
Ol Jines , heading to Stockton for some N8tiv time , Yay do way , Yay da way . 
Well Palm Springs is a bust for this weekend , Wow Pow Trail is getting colder and colder :( 
Heading to Stockton to be NDN , ho aye < PROPMALE > cuzzin , eeeaaahhh 
Just finished season finale of Californication , strong finish , intense , did its job , makes me want to watch next season . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , may your gifts be lovely and your drinks be full . 
cant sleep 
heading to Bay Bay Bay , San Jose(Sunnyvale for all my Yay area folk ) member it aint a party til someone vomits ! Happy New Years 
home , its raining and cold out there ... 
Eggs ... check , potatoes ... check , swine ... swine ... swine ... I HAVE NO SWINE ! How can you have breakfast without swine ?! Cuz say it with me ... Swine is Divine ! 
NDN time once again , heading down to Stockton with those damn savages , Savage Fam , heee wat ! SF AIM called they wanted their faceless back , I jus Say ! 
i have a guilty little secret ... I LOVE WATCHING JERSEY SHORE 
cant sleep ... 
I would do anything for you , anything you ask me to ... I would run away with you , wait for you , I'd even lose some weight for you ... 
I would give you the world , if you were my girl , I would give you every < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , if you were mine , I would be true , baby all i want for me , is you ... 
Sometimes when I'm walking around , all by my lonesome , I start singing this song that I made for you ... I just wanted everybody to know , that I miss you everytime that I was away from you ... 
Boozhoo , how do you do ? it's so nice to finally talk to you ... do you have a man ? I bet you do , that's alright because tonight he's not here with you ... 
out of the 20 years l've been going to squeeze inn ive actually never ate at the counter , heading to do that now since tomorrow is the last day at orginal location 
When the night has come and the land is dark and the drum is the only sound we'll hear ... That's when we'll go round dancing , all night long , me and you , holding hands , having fun , me and you ... 
Well got the dishes done but that damn laundry isnt helping pull its weight again , even after i had a stern talking with it . i guess i am going to have to do the laundry AGAIN ! 
Heading to Stockton to < PROPFEMALE > with those damn Savages , i see savages ! And drum group too ... 
Had jury duty yesterday , sitting around all day hoping to not hear your name . People watching : note TRY not to be a strereotype , to the older asian lady did you HAVE to wear socks with those opentoed high heels ? to the over weight white lady , did you have to wear a top that was too short and display your midriff while you were on you cell with those slippers on , looking like you live in a trailor park ? 
THERE'S A CEASE AND DESIST ORDER FOR SPECIAL FUNDS DEPT'S ISSUED YESTERDAY ! side note WITH BACK PAY ! < PROPFEMALE > WAT DEN ! 
i am loving this season of LOST ! every episode has been spectacular ! 
home ... alone ... in my pajamas ... on a Saturday night , is that a good thing or just plain sad ? 
Season Finale of White Collar , OH HELL NAH ! 
off to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , hope its gud ... 
To all my bay area peeps , ill be at pow wow in the city , if you are interested in coming out hit me up , Yes < PROPFEMALE > , im telling you early so i wont have to hear your big mouth about it . 
Drink down bound 
Another great episode of Lost 
Effing < PROPFIRST > , it's cold , 15 degrees below normal , whoever stole my springtime please return it , I'm from California I don't know what cold is , thank you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Graden's endless soup n salad for lunch , goodness ... 
It's sushi for lunch , look out Fuji's here comes state workers ! 
heading out for the night , everyone have a interesting night 
shorts n tshirt , gorgeous day today 
4 and OOOOOH baby ! 
Heading to UCD Pow Wow , frybread time ... 
When I see your beatiful ? eyes , I get weak inside from those butterflies , those butterflies , when I see your beatiful eyes ... Then when I think of you with him , it breaks my heart all over again ... you said let's be friends , and here are , here we are ... 
Furlough Friday , jus got out of bed , time for chorizo con papas ... mmm 
Saturday ... I have no plans for tonight , wats good peeps ? 
at < PROPMALE > Pow wow , hoka 
okeh , my body has been at work for several hours but my mind juuust showed up right now to type this , that was nice of it , don't you think ... 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head ... except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . will you ? 
I've got a < PROPFEMALE > for sushi ... get it , < PROPFEMALE > , lol I crack myself up ... seriously though sushi for lunch in a few 
ugh , ate too much for lunch , wish I could curl up under my desk and take a four year nap , yep four years seems about the right amount ... for now 
* sigh * not going to the pow wow in Ukiah , ill see my cuzzins on the trail , have a great one in Ukiah . So ill be here in good ol Sacra 
you know the great thing about my job , im across the street from a dounut shop , so if I NEED coffee I jus cross the street and BaaDow , coffee ... you know the bad thing bout my job , I'm across the street from fresh dounuts . 
New grilled breakfast sandwich from < PROPFIRST > in the box , tried it this morn * Thumbs Up * 
Pow Wow at American River College this Saturday , for all you peeps that wants to know . As for all da Cuzzins , I'll see you on da trail , or maybe in the tipi , cuz you all know I'm a tipi creeper , heee wat den ! 
Mmmm I jus finished a cheese n corn breakfast burrito from Napalitos , off da chain 
Well FB it's time to call it a night , don't do anyone I wouldn't do 
at < PROPMALE>'s of Manilla for breakfast buffet them heading to ARC for a pow wow 
Wind , Wind , go away , my allergies don't want to play no more ! Never thought I would wish for rain anymore this year , but anything to knock down this pollen right now would be my friend . 
Once upon a time , everything was fine , you were beside me , you were mine ... why did you have to walk out my door , now you want me back again , I am sorry , you're just an old song , I don't sing anymore ... 
not awake this morn , had to bring in Da BIG Gun and stop at La Bou for a white mocha and since I was there a ham n cheese crossiant jus to be socalable . 
Today is the day I celebrate my hertiage of being 100% Mexican , its called Drinko De Mayo . Please join me today in this fine Holiday , Drinko De Mayo , by having a shot of Patron . Cue the Accordian ... 
is getting hungry , where should I go for lunch ...? 
Home ... Alone ... In my Pajamas ... With da feets on em . 
meeting some friends for breakfast this morn 
Happy Special day to all you mothers out there , gawd knows your children ain't going to say it ! :p 
someone said Its Monday part duex , I agree ! now only if I had some space balls ... 
I would give you the world , if you were my girl , I would give you every < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , if you were mine , I would be true , baby all i want for me , is you ... 
Suppose to be cleaning my spot , jus finished watching Legion n now I crawled back into bed , wake me when you are done with self cleaning kithchen ... 
hmmm , should i stay or should i go ... 
Im thinking its a good night for Karaoke at < PROPFEMALE > River Inn 
Was with my brother at the sports bar last night and once again its never dull when we < PROPFEMALE > , i may need theorpy now but its never dull ... 
tired , ready to go home ... and it's only Tuesday , things don't look good for our hero 
jus a heads up , I don't play farmville , so while I thank you for your gifts , I'm ignoring them , please continue plowing the north forty ... 
Giants in extra innings 
Still jacked bout Giants over padres last nite , GO GIANTS ! 
is wondering why didn't I eat sumthin last nite ?! Oo how eye dew ! 
on a bus trip pounding beer n heading to collisium to see the Giants ! 
Lost ... EPIC 
Oriville pow wow this weekend , 50/50 on going , anyone going ? 
SF Giants ... Torture ! 
tired ... got home before midnight last night . AND TO TOP IT OFF , I have to work tomorrow ! how will I make it when the furloughs go away ?! 
off to bed , need sleep , good nite FB 
time to get out of bed n get ready for the Haro BBQ or ... Or roll over and procrastinate ... YOU make the call 
Aight , time to get out of bed ... French toast or chorizo n eggs ...? 
was thinkin bout goin to < PROPFEMALE > today , couch won ... might venture outside later , wats gud FB ? 
computer died , thank goodness for my iPhone so I can get my FB fix 
just had hot pastrami on Dutch crust roll ... very satisfing , time to crawl under my desk and take a nap ... aaaah 
got no plans for tonight , wats good for tonight , get at me . 
at Sutter's fort for honoring the Elders , Hoka Hey . Native women are the most beautiful women in the world . It's a good day to be Of the People 
Hoka hey , some days it's a good day to die , some days is a good day for < PROPFIRST>'s , I remember that time when your dad took me to < PROPFIRST>'s , we had grand slam breakfast , two eggs , two bacon , two sausages , two pancakes ... 
In training class for main frame today and tomro , hope he's a good teacher n I don't fall asleeep 
Show and Tell ... 
need to get moovin this Morn but I lost my pep in < PROPFEMALE > step , so careful where you step n if you see my pep can you return it so I can keep < PROPFEMALE > rep , holla ... 
g'night Patron , g'night FB ... g'night johnboy 
at bonnlair having going away pint with mi carnal 
this is why I do laundry on the weekend , jus finished n now headin to bed 
chilled with da homies , I might be a little , < PROPFEMALE > bit faded ... night night time 
I havent seen the Jersey Triliogy in a long minute , i need to fix that , prolly sunday , watch em all straight through 
Tv show Breaking Bad , anyone watch it ? is it worth going back to season one ? or can I jump in here at end of season three ? holla at ur boii 
I'm at Kawa sushi buffet for a coworker retirement luncheon , let the soft shell crab commence ... 
Just watched those two new shows on ABC , Scoundrels and The Gates , Scoundrels a thumbs down ; The Gates , is there a point where there is Vampire , Werewolf saturation ? Im on the fence with The Gates , i might watch an episode or two more and reevaluate , leanin towards not watching it , we'll see ... 
cant sleep ... work is not going to be fun tired , looks like i will have to stop at La Bou for a double shot 
don't ever get a job ... I'm jus leaving work now , two hours AFTER I'm suppose to leave 
Sippin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s listenin to Purple Rain . great way to wind down from work 
7 IN A ROW ?!?!? Come on now , joke's over ! 
should I stay in and veg(read sleep ) or go out to a BBQ today . I'm on the fence(read couch ) bout it , readying is winning right now 
Once more I adventure out into to fray ... Riggs I'm getting too old for this $h ! te ... 
Windows decided it wanted to fatally crash , so after reinstalled Windows , i have to rebuild my music library , not fun , on top reinstall all programs i was/think i was using , which one of them is iTunes which thinks my iPhone is new and I have to wipe everything off my iPhone then put it all back on . I dont think night before work at almost midnight is the time to start wiping my phone but who is doing it , This Guy !! 
Ham n chesse crossant n white mocha for breakfast , anyone want something from La Bou while I'm out ...? 
I feel like crap , the poison they give me is suppose to help me but I feel horrible half the week ... why am I doing this again ? 
at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for after work drink , get at me if you want to share one with me 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Club , who remembers the Shamrock ?! way back in da day ! 
This heat aint no joke , why did my mom moves us away from the bay again ?! 
aight , jus got home , alone , in my pajamas , really !... why doesnt everyone believe me ? 
forget where I'm at , why does it take six cop cars to bust ONE guy ?!?!? damn I'm old , only thing I thinking is my tax dollars at work !!! 
Youu told me you're leaving , tellin ' me we're through ... \ 
thinkin i'd be \ 
lonely , miserable sad and blue .... \ 
but that's Okeh , I've found somebody ? \ 
new ... 
GO GIANTS ! Great win tonight 
@R15 , it's krazie here tonite 
Full < PROPFEMALE > , going to get my hair trimmed , YIKES ! when is a guy ever nervous about getting trim ? eeeaaahhh ! 
La Bou in the morning makes everything okeh 
didn't sleep well last nite ... coffee not helpin to get me moovin ... stomach queezy ... hmmm not sleepin well , queezy in the morning , am I pregant ??? better get an EPT ... eeeaaahhh 
JERSEY SHORE BABY ! looks like I'll be home ... alone ... in my pajamas with Jetsey Shore tonite , man I love that show , hope it is as good as last season ! 
ate too much for lunch , i need a nap now . 
< PROPMALE > is off da hook ! 
@<PROPFEMALE>'s , never been , I know , I know , it's an institution , kinda dark in here , might be a good thing sometimes . 
was busy this whole weekend so I had a talk with the laundry and said I want you to be a big responsible laundry and make sure the laundry gets washed before the weekend was over . did it get done ?... no ! I think it's time to have the it's not you it's me speech with the laundry and go our seperatie ways ... 
She spoke to me ... Girl 6 Soundtrack 
jus got home , water and water and bed ... 
why do I feel like Popeye's spicy chicken with red beans and rice with raspberry iced tea , mmmm , cravings ... pregnant I tell you , I must be pregnant ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s has 46 , and I thought this place couldn't get better . 
Just finished watching last week's Entourage , < PROPFEMALE > Grey , definite fit in the Show , who knew . This season is waaay better than last season , i thought this season of Entourage would the it for the show because how below average last season was . They might be able to bring it around , only time will tell . 
im feelin no pain and its my bed story ... 
I would like the thank everyone for all the birthday wishes . 
Jus ate half breakfast burrito from La grancha , I fell the itis kickin in , napping under my desk fir half the day is soundin purrty gud ritch now 
GTL baby ! off to handle the laundry part right now ! 
I would die 4 u ... 
* sigh * ... no excuse today , no calls , no texts , gotta do it . 
heading to the Big Time , gotta give a big HOOOO ! lol native joke 
It's pow wow time in Sacramento at O'Neil park this weekend , hoka hey ... 
Staycation is over tomorrow , i need to get back to work and rest , its tiring being on staycation . 
having CRS is a double edged sword ... 
Thai chicken salad and peach iced tea for lunch and Hollywood is a happy guy ... 
it's noon and it's freakin 65 degrees ! krazie 
It's Saturday night and i'm home ... alone ... in my pajamas ... 
headin to Sushi Cafe for happy hour ... mmmmm 
Hmmm haven't made plans or decided what's for lunch , I'm slipping and broke , lol ! 
hmmm jus got off and gunther's 50/50 freeze is sounding stellar right now 
jus finished takin a nap after work , woke up hungry , why is that ...? oh that's right I went straight to bed after work n didn't eat dinner yet , duh ! 
Need to get an < PROPMALE > Hardy shirt so I can watch next week's Jersey Shore , oh how they do ! tonight's episode was on hit fasho . 
Got my wife beater on , gel in my hair , bout to do the L in GTL ... 
it's august in Sacramento and right now it's 57 * crazy weather , I remember jus like it was last week and it would be 85 * at 10am oh wait that was last week 
looks like the weekend is over , * sigh * You know its hard out there for a pimp ... 
it's easy to do bad n be off the red road , it takes someone strong to stand up n do right n be good 
Riggs , Im gettin too old for this sh ! t ... 
URIBE WHAT !!! 
Watching The Colony , drinking coffee and eating frozen burrito for breakfast ... can you tell i'm single lol 
how apprepos , watching JS while I handle the L in GTL #FistPump 
goes against every grain of my being but I'm here rootin for the dodgers cuz they are playin padres ! I need a shower cuz I feel dirtay !!! 
Soooooo pumped for this series , GO GIANTS ! 
Bye bye iphone , hello Android 
Right now i got on the shirt before the shirt , cuz you know ... thats how you do it ... 
The fact I , haven't watched weeds since season premiere does that mean show is on its last leg ? 
September baseball , GAME ON ! 
Almost lunch time , must not be that hungry cuz nothing sounds good 
Furlough Friday , ham n cheese croissant and hazelnut n cream coffee , mmmm mmm good , now all i need is 7 minutes 
Has anyone watched that new show on FX Terriers ? i didnt catch the premiere and wondering is it worth checking out ? hit me up if you got anything 
Sunday , laundry day , doin laundry watchin main event 
I NEED caffeine AND grease ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on survivor !?! 
Aight , its Tuesday n I'm all ready for the weekend , is that bad ? 
Sorriano ! Padre killer , GO GIANTS ! 
GIANTS BASEBALL ... torture , GAME ON ! 
Jus finished watching Hawaii Five-O series premiere , i like it and the fact Grace Park in a bikini surfing doesnt hurt either , aaayyyyeeee 
Who let da dawgs out ?! 
GO GIANTS ! 
< PROPFIRST > of sunshine ... 
GAME ON ! 
FEAR THE BEARD ! GIANTS BABY !!! 
Jus finished watching The Event , it has my attention , check it out for a bit ... 
Gettin bloodwork done , ouch somebody hold my hand that needle is HUGE !!! 
VA LOS GIGANTES !!! 
YEAH , GIANTS BABY !!! 
just made spam , eggs and rice , about to watch JS , if i had a stoli driver this would be a perfect morning 
Giants , TORTURE ! we'll get em Sunday 
News alert , we all im down with the L in GTL , i just might do the G today , but of course i feel that way before and Hollywood talked me out it by showing the the joys of vegging in front of TV , sooooo dont get too excited yet sportfans .... 
GIANTS ! I Feel Good ! Hmmm Baby ! Game On ! 
Monday , may have stayed out too late last night , not a good combo , it's more like a Nonbo ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , YA'LL!!! GO GIANTS !!! 
Auburn wow pow this weekend , who's going ? Is there is big time also ? 
Company picnic today , golf , volleyball n food , did I mention the food ? 
BE HONEST ! If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you ever wanted to go out with me , poke me . If you miss me , put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying so . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
its time for GTL , gonna get the L of GTL started . 
Timmay on the mound today , anxious ... 
GIANTS BASEBALL , TORTURE ! 
Saturday night and im home , alone , in my pajamas ... cuz im tired , got up too damn early this morn , i think im going to hit the hay before midnight of a Saturday night 
Yeah , its poison day , i sooo look forward to this day EVERY week , no really i do . 
Where the Raider fans now ?! I aint getting no more texts and phone calls now ? Whoop tee whoo is all I heard before and the start of the game , WHAT NOW ? Nothing finer than a 49ER , thats all i got to say the rest was said of the field 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Ya'll 
Giants ... make it happen 
Cheese n yellow corn breakfast burrito from Nopalitos , mmmm mmmm good 
Giants baseball , TORTURE ! 
Jus finished season finale of Jersey Shore ... no , its sweat or something got in my eye or its an eyelash that got in my eye , no really . We need another season at least 
furlough friday , french toast sounds good but i aint got no bacon , cant have french toast without bacon , right ? 
Giants baseball , TORTURE ! 
WE . RE GOING TO THE SHIP !!!! 
< PROPMALE > ! We have a problem , We are OUT of coffee , over ... 
Craving pumpkins ... 
FEAR THE BEARD , GO GIANTS , ORANGETOBER 
Took Game 1 against < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Oh Snap ! < PROPMALE > was on fire tonight , there's that batting Champ we have been looking for ! 
Don't Stop Believin ' Giants Baby 
ugh , finally out of bed , coffee is brewing ... did i say ugh already ...? 
FEAR THE BEARD ! Orangetober ! 
FEAR THE BEARD , GIANTS WIN !!! GIANTS WIN !!!! 
One Time !!!! 
Parade in the City tmro , who's going ? I AM ! 
SF parade was EPIC !!!! 
im out of hazelnut creamer , someone run to Bel Air , one time 
Watchin Jersey Shore Reunion Show , I don't care what you people say , Snookie , mmmm mmmm !! 
Hoooe aye < PROPMALE > , HUuuuh ... 
I would like to thank all past and present veterans , we would not be here today without you , thank you . 
I can't seem to remember , who's the 2010 World Series Champs again ? 
Posey , Rookie of the Year ! 
MNF < PROPFIRST > Vick slaughtered em , i quit watching after 3rd quarter ... 
Chillin with the Haros ' 
I'm craving red vines does that mean I'm pregnant ? 
wat time is it ?! 
Southern fried pork chops and eggs for breakfast ... mmmm look out couch here i come ... 
It's Tshirt time .... It's Tshirt time ... Cabs are here ! gotta go , CABS ARE HERE 
whats red , black and silver ?......... Raider's ass from gettin whooped on ! 35-3 ... really ? 
Where all the Cali Jines at ? tuda at me one time aaayyyeeee 
Good times this weekend , now its monday ... Monday can be ruthless , it don't care how your weekend was , all it wants is work , meetings , Monday is a slave driver ! 
Okeh this came up at work , people < PROPFIRST > DIED ! Let it go people . He slumps in the saddle , his left is hanging down n he doesn't answer or look back at the boy ! 
aight , Hollywood out ... its nite nite time 
just finished last week's Fringe , Oh Snap ! 
Effing 45° right now ! 
Red box here I come ! 
effing 34° right now ! too damn cold 
just got up , kinda hungry , didnt make a plate to take home so no leftovers , too damn cold to go out and eat , looks like im not eating til it warms up ... 
This cold is demanding pho ! 
When the night has come and the land is dark and the drum is the only sound we'll hear ... \ 
that's when we'll go round dancing , all night long , me and you , holding hands , having fun , me and you ... 
Who's having venison withdrawals , this native ! At least throw this native some deer jerky ... 
< PROPFIRST > you can't be serious , yes I'm serious and don't call me shirley .... its a sad day to have to say good bye to mr. Neilson 
Angry Birds , phone app , thumbs up , that is all , < PROPFEMALE > on ;) 
GTL ... 
Just Finished the Season Finale of Sons of Anarchy ... Strong finish , didnt expect it to end that way , no spoilers for those who havent seen it that , solid season . 
Hoka hey , today is a goot day 
RT @shitmydadsays \Everyone thinks their opinion matters . Don't argue with a nobody . A farmer doesn't bother telling a pig his breath smells like shit . \"" 
LOS GIGANTES !!!! 
Headin to Oakland for some wow pow heeee wat den 
BBQ'jbg in the rain , that's how we do it in Cali , good times 
Thank gawd the cold spell is done , this is Cali it ain't suppose to be cold right ? Sun n surf or so everyone outside Cali thinks 
Once upon a time , I wished upon a < PROPFEMALE > , Two nights later there you are ... Dancing the night away , looking so beautiful , taking my breath away 
My favorite thing about the weekend is NO ALARMS !!! Sleep is my lover 
raise your hand if you want to go xmas shopping for me today ... told myself i was going to be out the door by 9:00 am ... hmmm what time is it now ...? 
Today was a goot day ... 9ers up , raiders down ... momma cooked breakfast with no hog eahhh 
HATERS ! SD optioned < PROPFIRST > Gonzalez then traded him to Red Sox's! Still mad at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Y'all grab ?! 
¡Chocolate mexicano con canela tiempo ! 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > for lunch , you know authentic Mexican food 
JS Season 3 January 6th ! 
This can't be said enough ... 2010 World Series CHAMPIONS , your San < PROPFIRST > GIANTS !!!! 
Calling all cars , calling all cars ... it's effing cold today ! This is cali bring my sun back 
once more into the fray i must go , if a shopper catches me slippin avenge me by ramming their cart at full speed ! 
why is it we have to wrap the presents again ? whats wrong with giving it to them in the bag which you brought it home with ? Am I too ghetto ...? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Haven't found one too long yet ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s Urban Eats Cajun Chicken , thumbs up 
Is it cuz it's effing cold today , seems like time has slowed to a crawl here at work 
For those that has known me from back in da day I'm an El Debarge fan , his new CD Second < PROPMALE > is very good , hopefully he's back 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgram vs the world ... yea or nay ? I'm on the fence bout renting it , tell me is it worth the time ? 
Thinkin today is a good day for TB 
¡Feliz Tres < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Coffee ... AWWWWW 
RT @AnditisLiz \The pursuit of money as a means to anything should always be secondary to the pursuit of that same thing . \ " LIVE YOUR PASSION . " 
Savage Up ! 
There's nothing we can do , they have seen me an you , dancing and singing ... \ 
\ 
There's nothing we can do , they're going to tell on me and you ... 
Jus finished watching Californication , looks like another good season . What would happen if < PROPFIRST > Duchovny vs < PROPFIRST > Sheen ? 
feeling under the weather AND can't sleep , that's not a good combo , it's a nonbo 
Am I off the Red Road ? If you have to ask doesn't that mean yes ? Forgive me Grandfather , but I'm only a two-legged and need help . 
* cough * * cough * * sniffle * * sniffle * that was fun , who wants to join me ? 
TB at 2:00 am is something fierce , yep i jus said fierce 
GOT SYRUP ! french toast time , yay ! 
Just finished watching HBOs The Pacific , great , great series . There's no doubt why they are called the Greatest Generation . 
have to say i'm liking Showtime's Shameless ... 
can't sleep , work is going to sux tomorrow 
RT @SFGiants Giants have agreed to terms with < PROPMALE > Sanchez , < PROPMALE > Ramirez and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on contracts for 2011 season . 
I must have taken some cold medicine , I'm in a chinese restaurant with univision on WTH ?! 
A person hates u for 1 of 3 reasons . 1 . They wanna be you 2 . They hate themselves 3 . They see you as a threat . 
Uncle Rukus is off the heezy on Twitter ! 
Jus tried chicken pot pie from KFC , Hollywood approved , I give it a thumbs up 
Missed Jersey Shore last night , have to catch it online , without giving details , how was it ? 
Good omen for the weekend when sushi chef makes you couple free rolls jus cause , thnx Mukini's 
Sweet yellow glowing orb , oh how I missed you ! 
who wants some TB ??? nachos < PROPMALE > grande is sounding yummy right now ! 
Time for the L in my GTL #FistPump 
Watching Pawn Stars , the old man lost a bet with Hoss and had to wear some < PROPMALE > Hardy jeans ... lol 
Aight I need to get it in gear , can't get it started , is going to be long week ... 
Who came in and turned to clocks back ? It has to be quitting time by now !! UGH ... 
I tell you someone is changing the clocks it can't be only Tuesday n not even close to quitting time , s l o w . . . 
shitmydadsays \No . Aliens exist 
Pu t-t ang-in-a-bowl ... that's still funny ! Thnx Ren 
You don't even know what I would do for some stew n frybread right now ! 
Tired ... \Riggs I'm getting too old for this shit\ " ! I think tonight is a stay at home night " 
People always like to say \Act your age .. \ " I'm alive .. That's the only age I know ! ~ Ice T " 
I got the itis from eating at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s fading fast 
Sweat pants , hair tied , chillin ' with no make-up on\ 
That's when you're the prettiest\ 
I hope that you don't take it wrong 
It's T-Shirt time ...! It's T-Shirt TIME !... 
Home ... Alone ... in my Pajamas with the feets ... 
I think it's a La Bou kinda morning , can't go wrong with Ham n Cheese croissant right ? 
Sons of Guns , I think I'm in love ... 
Where did the weekend go ...? 
Sun is out ! Sun is out ! Hurry look the sun is out ! 
The Great Spirit is our Father , but the Earth is our Mother . She nourishes us ; that which we put into the ground she returns to us , and healing plants she gives us likewise . If we are wounded , we go to our Mother and seek to lay the wounded part against her , to be healed . - Bedagi ( Big Thunder ) , Wabanaki Algonquin , 1900's . 
Don't you love when someone asks for your help and then tells you you're wrong ! If you know how to do it why ask me ? 
K I L L K I L L me , me , me ! 
Coffee ... check , new attitude ... check , lets see how quickly n which one will disappear first 
I just got personally attacked cuz im on facebook ?! 
Daily Game : Never confuse POPULARITY ..... with RESPECT ~ Ice T 
Some guys may not like < PROPMALE > but trust me .... You wouldn't want to leave your girl ALONE with dude .. EVER . < PROPMALE > is a Pimp ! He's playing at < PROPFEMALE > Square 
Google golf shootout at pebble going on right now , SF Giants vs SF 49ers 
Not a good day , can someone just shoot me 
am i feeling better or worse ...? kinda want a Rez Steak ... that's fried bologna for all you peeps that dont know 
Flash back friday + cabbage patching in the car = weird looks from other commuters 
I can smell the fry bread already ... 
Valentines day or Start of Spring Training tomorrow ? What do you love the most ? 
Today is the first day of being Defending World Series Champions as spring training starts for pitchers n catchers 
who is your celebrity ( crush ) < PROPFIRST > ? 
Jus finished the latest Jersey Shore , krazie episode ! #fistPump 
didnt watch the slam dunk contest but everyone is talking about The Beast so i youtubed it , S I C K Griffin was sick ... 
And the cycle starts again ... 
If it weren't for Pandora I don't know how I would make it through some days 
rotation is 1 . Lincecum ; 2 . Sanchez ; 3 . Cain ; 4 . Zito ; 5 . Bumgarner . 
Cactus league starts tomorrow , I'm soooooo ready for baseball ! 
looks like its a Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch night for dinner , I'm an amazing chef aren't I ? 
Dear Sun , \ 
I'm sorry for whatever I've done to make you mad n go away , please come back . \ 
Sincerely Hollywood 
Giants 5\ 
Dbags 3\ 
In the 3rd 
Jus finished watching the season finale of Episodes . the series was wonking along and to be honest i dont know why i was watching it , must be cuz of Californication and Shameless which both i love . anyways after the seven episode , the finale , it got to where i would actual watch the show . very underwhelming start , and not bad finish , best i can say about it . 
Another lazy Sunday , had planned to stay in all day but i just drank the last of the lemonade ! have to go outside , that means doing the three \S's\ " which means why come back home cuz it aint lazy anymore ... It's hard out there for a pimp ... " 
Guy fact for Women : Guys don't want to EVER personally meet any other guy you've previously had sex with . EVER . ~ Ice T \ 
So true 
And the cycle starts over again ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , to be < PROPFIRST > , I thought she passed already , icon 
Agassi V Sampras on ESPN , still great to watch even tho they old ! 
I'm craving fried egg with fried hot dog inside a fried corn tortilla , does that mean I'm pregnant ? 
When I was young the white eye came and wanted the land of my ppl , when the soldiers came n burnt dwn our villages , we moved to the mountains , when they took our food , We ate thorns 
#winning 
Who keeps playing keep your head ringing inside my head ... recovering 
Grated Cheese , Awwww yeah 
With all the quotes , knowledge and wisdom put on Facebook , you'd think we'd all be a lot smarter . Guess you gotta live it . 
#bootyappreciationday who knew ... Coco has it locked down 
It's Ash Wednesday , what are giving up for lent ? I'm thinking chips , soda or chocolate ... 
Had < PROPFIRST>'s for lunch , delish ! Can't go wrong with mac'n'cheese! 
Doesn't look good for our hero , I think I'm getting a cold 
Sammi you're NOT a sweetheart you're SHADY ! #fistpump 
Oh Sammi you're busted #fistPump 
Chillin out watching iCarly eating some Coco Puffs ... #nahimplayin 
Jus had my annual Big < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > Ds fries n a coke , has to be a choke ! I'm good for bout another year our so 
Again with the rain ! Dear Spring I'm sorry for whatever I did , please come out now 
DUH , #WINNING 
To white people , admission means the price of a ticket to an event . To brown people , admission means jail time . 
Breakout Kings on A & E . has anyone watched it ? is it worth it to check it out , it premiered couple weeks ago . anyone ... anyone ... Bueller ... Bueller ... 
T minus one day til opening day in LA #BeatLA 
\I'm hot like the left sink handle . \ " - @E40 " 
I have been putting off washing my car cuz i thought it was going to rain today , but now it's not ! BUT it might tomorrow ?! DOH , whatever ! \ 
I'm soooo done with you Rain , why don't you do you and I'll do me for awhile ... 
And the cycle starts all over again ... 
SPORTS UPDATE : Some progress made in the NFL Lockout , as players with prior criminal records offer to help pick the lock . LoL 
$ 100,000 ... we are up to 100 grand for info on < PROPMALE > Stow's attackers , everyone is chipping to his fund also , Good lookin peeps ... Orange n Black 
Is Tron Legacy worth to Redbox it ? 
Giants lead 3-1 in the 6th 
#onlyintheghetto can you buy a gun , shampoo , bubble gum , and fake Jordans in the same store 
White people watch Americas Most Wanted for entertainment , black people watch to see how much the police know . 
What's the three words you never want to hear while making love ?... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , I'm home . 
Should a guy ever ask a girl if he can kiss her ? 
I don't think the U.S. has ever really been to the < PROPFEMALE > . We can't even get Detox from Dre , how we gonna leave Earth & fly to the < PROPFEMALE > ?! I'm Just sayn 
Grab some pine Meat ! 
Bye Bye Baby\ 
Bye Bye Baby 
#BeatLA , oh wait we jus did ! 
As you grow , the game you play gets more advanced . Never let the minor league players pull you back to their level\ ~ Ice T\ 
It's Friday , I ain't got no job ... i ain't got sh #t to do 
In case you forgot , < PROPFIRST > B . Is President 
Still got the club beats bumping in my head , while chained to the yoke of oppression , better known as work ... \Teach me how to Dougie ... \ " I got this ... " 
Where Are all my Cali Jines at ?! Shake your head one time !! 
I was in Macys and I was gonna get the straight leg < PROPMALE>'s , Im still allowed to buy those right ? 
Great outing for Sanchez last night , Cain going today gotta < PROPMALE > for da broom 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ya'll! < PROPMALE > is starting RF today , Giants are 2 games back of 1st place n 2 games ahead of dodgers , today is a good day ... 
\ Don't let yesterday use up too much of today . \ " ~ Native American Proverb " 
\Sex is nobody's business except the three people involved . \ " ~ Hollywood " 
\Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes . There's too much fraternizing with the enemy . \ " ~ Hollywood " 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
Someone jus texted me n in the text cuddy < PROPMALE > was used , is this 2009 again n no one told me ...? 
a Oh , you hate your job ? Why didn't you say so ? There's a support group for that . It's called EVERYBODY , and they meet at the bar 
\Daily Game : Never worry about SUCKAZ ... They will eliminate THEMSELVES from the game . \ " ~ Ice T " 
Got kicked out of Domino's today . They just refuse to answer the phone as Bones ' Pizza , chumps 
A round booty , life's simple pleasures 
They say , what goes up , must come down . I say , if you're really naughty , you go up AND down ! ;-) 
I don't care what you have to say , YES it was worth it , Bin Laden is dead , oohrah , hooah , etc . < PROPFEMALE > Fuck-yeah ! 
HATERS = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success . 
Being awake is my least favorite type of sleep . 
The ' Statute of Limitations ' has run out on your childhood problems .... Get over it .. Via- < PROPMALE > Jones 
I don't care what you say I love those E-trade commercials with the babies 
It's too early for anything but sex n yet they want me at the workplace , someone hand me a vat of black swill n a picket so I can mainline it ... \ 
P.S. Has anyone seen my other sock ...? 
My Cinco date used the oldest trick , told me tonight she had to have surgery yesterday , even sent me I pic showing her stitched up , Pffft , think I jus fell off turnip truck ?! < PROPFEMALE > now looks like I need to find another ... Seriously everyone knows the ol have surgery to save your life so you don't have to go on Cinco date trick right ? 
In honor of Drinko de Mayo , you should refer to every Mexican kid you see today as a \cute little taco . \"" 
