don't trust a ho , never trust a ho , won't trust a ho cause the ho won't trust me 

let's break the surface , and make a little happy mess 
i think i should know how to make love to something innocent without leaving my fingerprints out , now , l-o-v-e is just another word i never learned to pronounce 
is dancing on the avenue 
is all about it 
love & basketball twice in two days and chillin with homeless people for an hour are definitely red flags 
is stoked for the most unexciting draft ever tonight 
welcome to the bay , < PROPFIRST > curry 
nowww i understand the curry pick . i love my biedrins <3 
is 90% fucking awesome and 10% disaster 
take my hand you ugly girl 
let's not talk about the likes and the dislikes , let's talk about the boo 
just so everyone knows ... the downtown sj fireworks are back on for the 4th ... thanks sj giants 
has the best beezy , boo , and bubbles ever 
is back from sacramento and is never going to sleep with a kings blanket again 
( 773 ): smoked weed with Joakim < PROPMALE > last night .... if he was half as fast to the basket as he is to grab a joint from me we'd have another championship on our hands 
my parents are hoooooooooooooome !!! 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! potluck with the parents and then firehooooooouuuse . 
my day is off to a great start ... forgot the key to the shop , tore a hole in my top and broke a heel and had to improvise my outfit , can't find my wallet and am starving , and have a killer stomachache . at least i got to work 20 minutes early . 
let's make a mess , no , let's make a baby , no , let's make some hell on earth 
is crazy bout his stupid ass . 
is crazy bout his stupid ass ... but not crazy enough to be a kings fan . 
wants a breakfast burrito 
is watching grey's anatomy in castellano 
is bringin her beer with her in the shower 
wants to know the kiss that's always new 
is so fucking ugly 
empathy is the poor man's cocaine , and love is just a chemical by any other name 
colorado with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! 
She had a perpetual sense , as she watched the taxi cabs , of being out , out , far out to sea and alone ; she always had the feeling that it was very , very dangerous to live even one day . 
we all need something we can stake the blame on , it can't be your dance that made this rainstorm ... it must be the alcohol , and you hate this place cause the town's too small 
< PROPMALE > belinelli <3 
got to keep keepin on , move it along , cause there's a whole lot left , when today's all gone , now 
you shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you 
plays for keeps 
loves his stupid ass 
i wish i was as smart as my awesome boyfriend ...... he's just soooooo freakin ' awesome ..... p . s ..... i wish i was as funny as him to ! 
loves ace 
loves the third < PROPFEMALE > and the kings and snickers ice cream and vodka crans and hot cheetos and her boo ... say sum'n! 
the world ain't never looked so pretty 
football doesn't cut it ... cannot wait for basketball season to begin so i can keep watching my warriors suck some more 
mr. pickles ... BEST goddamn sandwich shop around 
everywhere you go , always take the weather with you 
thinks ace should quit bein a bitch so she can get a boyfriend 
baby keep playin with fire and you're bound to get burned 
dreams about hot cheetos 
is moisturized 
lose one , let go to get one ... left one , lose some to win some 
steaming polyester garments is therapeutic , and i'm obsessed with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
what the fuck ever 
she made my heartsprings stretch screams like guitar string-fret swing sets 
hello ma'am , would you be interested in some sexual positions and emotional investments ? 
FUCK this shit 
vegas for magic 
is all about cowboy boots , chains , and shirtdresses . pooltradeshow and project tomorrow , then back to cali and lil boo . 
if i'm a fool you can have the night , you can have the morning too 
baba <3 
loves so well it hurts 
if you're an obstacle she'll just drop you cold , cause one monkey don't stop the show 
wants to fly off into nasa 
broken toe #2 in three months . i'm adorable . 
doesn't ever ask for decaf nonfat anything , and always says yes to whipped cream 
thinks it's bizarre how everyone from < PROPFIRST > seems to be getting engaged or married . you kids are from a different planet . 
life of the party , death of the novel / the glass is half-empty so pass the next bottle 
thinks they should just toss the whole warrior roster back into the d-league , close their eyes , and pull random guys out like a bag of scrabble letters 
cannot WAIT for the new black cherry-lime vitaminwater 
is in the mood for a little < PROPFIRST > beckett and a lot of chinese food 
ransom notes keep falling out your mouth mid-sweet talk , newspaper word cut-outs 
WHO THE HELL IS GOING/WANTS TO GO TO BRO < PROPFIRST > ??? 
is posting a status saying exactly what she is doing as if everyone cares about each little mundane non-event : < PROPFEMALE > lorenc just ate la villa ravs and had jackfruit-guava vitaminwater , closed the store , and is heading to firehouse . oh and she's totally stoked for basketball season ! 
brother < PROPFIRST > ! 
tonight i need a book and bed night . 
i sting like a first divorce , or them first newports , whatever hurts you more 
a hot girl will scowl because she thinks everyone is looking at her , a cute girl will smile because she doesn't care if anyone is looking , and the perfect girl knows how to scowl to get a free drink , and how to laugh to keep the guy around . 
your love was meant for me 
i love the life i live , my laughter and my tears , i don't know where it's goin but i like it like it is 
why am i covered in bruises ??? 
is STILL drunk from last night's costume party at firehouse ... and is totally eyeing the vodka in the fridge at work 
warriors opening night against the rockets (-yao & t-mac ) ... HERE WE GO HERE WE GO HERE WE GO ! 
i've made the < PROPMALE > suit me , tables and chairs , papers and prayers , matter versus spirit 
kiss and makeup girls like a good beer at the end of the day 
brazilian blow-outs smell like chocolaaaaaaaaate . i want ice cream . 
i want you to be crazy cause you're stupid baby when you're sane 
is hoping that sitting in a luxury box suite tonight will mitigate the agony of presumptively watching the warriors lose two back-to-back games against two garbage teams in person 
ugh , tomorrow's gonna be a long day . 
is feeling very sentimental ... 
stay awake little misfit / her lips wet a very particular mischief / sis wiggle an index if your limbs let 
always donates money before realizing where it's going ... and now i'm regretting buying christian brownies cause they're probably baked with a little jesus and a lot of guilt 
thank god i have cosmo to tell me whether or not my guy likes me and how to know what he's thinking and how to be a female in general 
boots boots boots boots boooooooooots 
me : \are you tipsy ? \ " mom : \ " yeah but it's all good . \"" 
at least i'm not a nets fan , at least i'm not a nets fan , at least i'm not a ... 
just wants to lie down 
your easy lovin ain't pleasin ' nothin baby 
i need to watch basketball 
such a mistake not worth making . 
broke my stupid ass phone . 
My brother is in the bed of the pickup from berkeley back to sj . 
Your mother must be proud of you today Bynum . So good to see these asshole Lakers get so embarrassingly swept . 
i <3 probiotics . 
love well & love thoroughly and don't forget how . we aren't promised enough time , but we have the < PROPMALE > to live it . 
Aaaaaambieeeeen ... it's bedtime . 
Runnin bay to breakers . God help me and make getting up this early worth it . 
Sailing on someone's brand new boat when they've never sailed before is a great idea . At least I thought to bring flares . And I still have 3G out on the ocean . 
the best people in my life have always called me cait . 
I wish I was a little bit taller\ 
I wish I was a baller\ 
I wish I had a girl who looked good , \ 
I would call her 
