Half the semester down . Then onto being a teacher ! 

Likes to say thank you everyone for coming over last night it was a great time ! 
Alright ! Now who ate my pet turkey ? 
where did all this homework come from ? 
can't wait till winter recess 
head is leaking with leftover brain gunk 
has finished the semester ! 
teaching and music : 2 activities that take lifetimes to learn 
I'm gettin the < PROPFEMALE > of this teacher lifestyle ! 
Whats better than doing Homework ? Grading Homework ! 
Game on ! writing music for the teams in champlains 48 hour game making challenge . 
I can't Complain 
Alright here we Go !!! my birthday is coming up on the 10th ! I want to do something new this time around . I want to hear the best party ideas that is actually realstic but doable right here . The best one or most popular will be what happens ! anyone is invited !!! Thanx 
Thank you to all who wished me a great brithday ! 
Pajama Party Friday ! get your popcorn and pillows ready . and dont forget to bring your toothbrush ! 
Tag Party ! get your favorite color sharpy color ready ! 
tag party a blast ! 
apartments ... butterflys ... jobs ... portfolio's .... heck everything is a juggle now I am ready to move on and get life started 
countdown till graduation ! lets get this summer started !!!! 
got the house got the degree got the ambition to move on 
8 mile downhill on my long board this weekend 
Music studio is built ! 
Watching interstellar 555 ! go DAFT PUNK ! this kicks ass 
is there a sickness for being obsessed with snow ? 
What is love ? Baby don't hurt me ... The epic < PROPMALE > and Trev remix coming soon ! 
Ski'n the street of b-town\ 
Now thats a lot of snow 
Its a party ! come join my B-day celebration your invited 
Thank you to Everyone for making my B-day one to remember ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB-CcBMyf2c // Vote for it ! comment ! Like It ! Cause its awesome 
Dam weather man pulling the lamest april fools choke to date . wheres the 1 ft of powder they forcasted ? 
