12oz . of Barq's Rootbeer plus 2oz . of Parrot Bay Rum+ 4 more oz . +4 more oz . plus 4 more oz ., you know , just to top off this awesome mug . MMMmmm .... Good Stuff . Thanks Zac and < PROPFEMALE > for the Mug ! 

W00t ! INSURV is over !!! 
Was off the boat by 1030 , and I don't have to be back untill tuesday for duty , and then I have to go to the ship's picnic on Friday , and that's it until monday . 
was singing God of Wonders , on the way out to my car a few minutes ago , and had the radio tuned into Klove , which , when I turned the car on , was playing God of Wonders ! Yet another day in the life of < PROPMALE > ! 
watch ... for eight hours , then another 8 hours of work , and then maybe I can get some sleep ... before It starts again at 2230 . 
W00t ! a whole hour of sleep , a 1/2 hour work period , then another whole hour of sleep ! And now I get to monitor our satellite TV , untill the Mon night Football game(that's not on any of our 3 whole channels ) and then I get to go to bed ... what an great day ! 
So I was working on the ships phones up in the shop today , when another guy walked in , and started asking me some questions , that were work related , but all my replies were in a perfect british accent ... And I wasn't trying , or anything , but I couldn't bring my accent back , either . it was weird . 
\Red is the color of the Blood that Flowed down the face of someone who loved us so . \ " -<PROPFEMALE>'s Coloring Song " 
I've been up since five this morning , worked hard all day , got hollered at , because it's our fault that we are half the number we used to be , and we were handed a pile of garbage from those who came before us , and now we can't just snap our fingers and make the stuff work . Because of this , we are the ship's worse workcenter . Right ... But I have watch in a few hours , so I'm going to go catch a nap . 
Quote of the day : \It's hip to be square \"" 
Quote of the day : \What's SPY ? - New Sonar Tech . \ " SPY ? It's that Air Search RADAR that finds Submarines before SONAR does . \"" 
Listening to Ceili Rain by Ceili Rain . The Msuic Band , not my sister ... 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter key , and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works ! ( i didnt think it would work but it does ) 
Just figured it out . To a Cannibal , I would most likely taste like spicy beef . Yumm ! 
Yay for evil socialist style military medical care , where they don't believe you upon a brief , lazily based examination . This has caused me to have pain in my knee ( during my Physical readiness test ) run , to the point where I was unable to make the time alotted for me , thus failing the PRT . Yay . They then asked me if I was going to re-run it 18 hours later ... No thanks , I've had enough pain . 
Just got home from the Trans-Siberian Orchestra concert in < PROPFEMALE > , N.C. 5.5 hour drive down , watch zombieland , peruse best buy , and then the concert , with a follow-up 5.5 hour drive back home . 
Loves getting surprised with especially difficult tasks that should be falling upon the shoulders of those above him . He did however take care of said task , along with run the PHA , and get one of his guys to retake the PHA a second time today and pass it ! Work day complete . 
is aboard the ship , in the middle of the Atlantic . Laughing at all the people vomiting because of the sea state . 
is not looking forward to the seven month deployment in january ... 
So at work , we have a white board , that gets quote of the day's , and other off the wall stuff , like the daily merriam-webster's word of the day . Well today someone put up Exodus 5:17 . He didn't write out the verse , but just left his NKJV nearby so the rest of us could look it up . 
So yesterday was the GREATEST day of the year , being the first snow of the season . There is nothing grander then snow ! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > = Duty Day Christmas Day = Duty Day Sunday after Christmas = Duty Day Not being home for three Christmas ' in a row = Priceless 
Sleep in a real bed , in a bedroom above 30 degrees , it's good to be home . 
So I am back in town , ( wooster , OH ) and don't have any plans friday , and from monday through saturday .... 
So I believe it is my fault that the snow has been falling since my arrival , and won't stop untill I leave . Just so everyone knows who to blame . 
It is extremely hot here in Norfolk , a sizzling 42 degrees 
We are deployed . See everyone in 7 months . 
My SRB is 3.0 ! I get a re-enlistment bonus ! 
12 hours of watch each day for 200 days ( about 7 months ) equals 2400 hours of watch . 
96 hours into deployment , and over thirty equipment and personnel casualties , including 1 dehydration , 1 laceration to the neck , and one injured leg , which we had to med evac off ship . So far , so good . Nothing Serious . 
Though the arrows of the Enenmy fall around me I have nothing to fear . For God shall protect me . 
God knows my hopes and fears and will open the proper doors , and shut the rest . I know this for He is only One who can both Count and Name each individual < PROPFEMALE > and Grain of Sand . If He can do that , He can easily handle my issue's . 
So we stopped in Rota , Spain Today , to refuel , move a missile(or something about a missile ) , and get a day of < PROPFEMALE > . I tried Paella , and sangria . I don't recomend Paella to anyone . Not that good . 
I really do hate phones . After I answer one a couple of times , I start hearing the ringer , even though it isn't ringing . Does that me Certifiably Insane ? 
I've never been more embarressed and frustrated in my entire life than tonight . Right now I'm in Suda Bay , Crete . Moored outboard of us is the < PROPFIRST > L . Hall . I had the 17-22 Chief of the Guard(Which is the watch assigned to allowing american sailors on the Greek Base ) . 
So I have signed up for Intermediate Algebra , college Algebra I , and College Algebra II . And for a different flavor , I also signed up to receive a language learning CD-ROM , to learn Russian and < PROPMALE > . So I'll probably mix the two languages together , and come out some where in the middle , I'm guessing I'll be speaking Polish . Isn't Czech Rep. right there too ? 
Mmmm ! Anthrax shot on the Left , Cowpox on the Right . So much fun yesterday . Though the Cowpox shot takes a month or so to run it's course , and I'll have a nice dime sized scar from that . 
I Re-enlisted today ... Dropped the 2-year extension , picked up 4 years , so that I can get full use out of some cake shore duty for three years , instead of one . And I got an extra 25k out of the deal too . 
I'm at my darkest moment right now ... Literally talking about my countenance here . I spent two hours in the back of a pickup truck in the middle of Wadi Rum , < PROPFIRST > . I look like bacon fried in red hot sauce . The sad part is , I don't feel any pain at all . 
Come on March 15th ! Danger Pay , Hazardous Duty Pay , Tax free Pay ..., and not just for March , but for February too ! And I'm still waiting on my Re-enlistment bonus ! Biggest paycheck I'll have ever known . 
fish and chips for lunch today ! Had mine with a pickle and provolone . So Tasty ! 
Another day at sea . 
Stopped at the post office today , got the package with the pecan pie bars you sent me mom . Thanks ! 
http://ihasahotdog.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/129090356221544556.jpg 
Wooh ! A 3 hour trip to walmart today ... I didn't like twizzlers before , and now I like them even less . 
Is it really just April still ? It feels like June . 
Saw Doc this morning , He says I either have a viral infection in my throat , or I have strep . Either way it hurts to swallow , and is even worse when I sneeze . Which I've done 3-4 times now . 
Another trip to Wal-mart .... I thought Wal-mart had AC though . 100+ degrees , holding a cable wrapped by rope for 3.5 hours and then relaying dry goods down below ... So much fun ! I think I'll stay in the NAvy for 30 years , just so that I can do this over and over and over . And better yet , I'll just go < PROPMALE > from ship to ship , just stay on deployment for the whole 30 years !... ( I think I brok'ed my brain ) 
please put this on your status if you \ 
know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was \ 
obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will \ 
understandthat the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel \ 
Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil \ 
Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste \ 
this . Will YOU make this your status forat least one hour ? 
Another day underway .... Another 15 hours of watch . 
Just found out a couple hours ago ... I made ET2 ! Seven tests and I finally made it . Now I just need to wait for the frocking ceremony and see how high I placed , which will determine when in the next 6 months I start getting paid for 2nd . 
\Those who go down to the \ 
Trying to learn about logarythms ... I doubt I even spelled that correctly . sigh . 
Mahe , Seychelles . Great vacation spot with beautiful weather and water . Just spent 3 nights in the hotel on the island . It was wonderful . 
Gotta love the events block on facebook . Getting requests to rsvp events that are taking place on the other side of the world . I'll continue to rsvp no , while I'm on deployment . 
questionsPassed my ESWS written test with an 80/100 questions ... Now I just need to study all the topics for the next 2 weeks , everyday , for 12 hours/day memorizing data and stuff . 
Another day in the Gulf ... 
Getting ESWS pinned on tonight ! 
The Navy's trying to shove this whole mentorship program down our throats again ... I don't believe in the whole you have to have a single registered mentor from the list ... I prefer to get a scattering from several people , taking only the good parts , rather than the good and bad from a single person . 
One must know the enemy , yourself , and the battle ground . One must know these on a Strategic , Operational , and Tactical level . Only then may One win the war . 
Hello Cypress . Long time , no see . 
\Four score in seven years ... \ " Mr. < PROPMALE > was not an athlete ... " 
Konig Ludwig Dunkel ... Awesome Beer . 
Alicante , Spain . Not too bad . Climbed the Castillo de < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , here in Alicante . 
5 more days . 
Likes FaceBook . 
The new \N\ " Word = No\ 
Apparantly , I have reached the ultimate status ... My proof is that I no longer get Notifications . 
I'm In Ohio now ! 
