is wonding how it possible for her feet to still hurt from NYE . 

is feeling pretty darn weird 
is very confused 
is less confused and more angry . What else is new ? 
is no longer going to Tennessee ... 
is really sick of this crap . 
and now is done with this crap minus a bike and a blanket 
is wondering why i always wait until the last minute to pack ... 
is seriously regretting lamb vindaloo when there is no milk or beer in the house ... 
is in a very good mood !! 
ugh . does anything ever go on in Syracuse ? 
didnt feel like going to her second job and called in ... 
wooo ! I'm back in ! 
help ! can anyone watch my dog this weekend ? 
is the best robot ever . 
some jerk left a cat in a carrier in my parking lot in Syracuse . anyone want it ? 
figuring out what to do today ... 
is very excited . i'll explain later ... 
TGIFS !!!!!!!!!! 
Rules of life : The sun rises , babies are born , the bills choke . 
is enjoying liviing in New England 
does it feel like sunday to anyone else ? 
is very happy in NH !! 
way to suck SU ... 
camping in the north country tomorrow !! I LOVE NH !! 
has made the most disgusting lamb vindaloo in the history of man ... oh well , cant win every time . 
Rockin ' out to Miley cleaning the house . Yes I am an adult . 
its noon on halloween and i dont have a costume yet ... 
chili w/o a recipie is awsome and the zombie lumberjack costume is coming along . 
is it ok to miss what may be the last show by your favorite punk band because you want to buy an audi ? 
is it really only 9 ? whats everyone one in NH up to ? 
$100 later i'm back in my apartment ... 
had to go home sick and will never eat at Surf again . 
daytime tv sucks but any attempt to sit up or move makes me want to puke so im stuck . 
Finally saw the pixies live ! 
is wondering if anyone knows how to make a plane tanget to and extruded face that you can't select as a face in NX 5 
has decided to follow up that bad post with somthing mindless and girly ... anyone want to go shopping tomorrow ?! 
is happy its finally snowing ! 
is attempting to get off her butt to go skiing , but its one of those lazy sundays ... 
is annoyed that someone stole my brother's Christmas present before i could get it from the entryway ... 
has been reading the healthcare < PROPMALE > and is very annoyed ... 
is excited for it to be 2010 ! 
loves watching bachelor for the crazies ! 
I am the master of the universe !!! 
ok , everyone rejoice . I have spent 2 days not talking and it doesnt seem like my voice is coming back anytime soon . 
I feel sorry for anyone who wasnt skiing today . 
I was jsut very hopeful that the canine species could use tools ..... nope . 
has once again triumpthed over indian quisine and created an amazing vindaloo . 
wishing for a teleportation machine ... 
wants to go skiing , but is annoyed that everyone else thinks the samet thing . Maybe tomorrow ? 
got nothing done yesterday , becuase apparently driving by Nat's houseand stopping by to say hello takes 4 hours , and now must finish all errands today ... 
is upset that the free internet wave looks like it's ending 
is disturbed that call of duty is not open yet , after a month .... 
someone please send out an energy pack in mafia wars ? 
butter , garlic , beef , mushrooms , onions and red wine slowly cooked . how can you go wrong ? 
has fallen in love with Tarte Lip stain and < PROPFEMALE > Lapore perfume . Go to Sephora and buy some ! 
i dont know about you , but i can think of at least 1000 places I would rather go on vacation than disney world . off the top of my head ... Erie < PROPFEMALE > and Iraq 
has ralized that there is a chick-fil-a 20 minutes from her house and absolutely must go get her favorite salad there tomorrow ! 
is very amused ! :D 
Is seriously considering buying a BWM Oracle racing jacket to show my support . Who really wants the Swiss to have the cup ? 
wants to go sledding on capitol hill !!! 
my dog just farted and scared herself so bad she ran across the room into her crate . Hilarious ! 
A < PROPFEMALE > wars related gift to cheer up a friend . ideas ? 
working in the morning then hopefully skiing .... who's comign with me ?! 
ok . I didnt go skiing ( laugh all you want < PROPMALE > ) or to work ( yippieee ) . i'm officially lazy .... 
feels like she needs about 12 beers , but only has one .... 
fantasy suite = do you want to have sex . wow . so subtle . 
I really miss someone I forgot was missing . 
is officially a New Hampshire resident with a drivers liscense and tags to prove it . 
why is it that receptions holds out for months , but when you really want to watch somthing the antenna WON'T WORK 
thinks its funny how many people are wearing hats today because no one could shower ... 
is very confused . I live pretty far north , but there is no snow . It keeps raining .... 
misses saturdays in Knoxville during football season even if they didnt always end well . 
well if that crazy girl can get a hot guy like that < PROPMALE > dude theres hope for me ! 
is supremely excited for hockey tomorrow night with her favorite boston sports fan ! 
do you know that amazing feeling you get when you first fall in love with someone ? i get it when i see these shoes http://www.neimanmarcus.com/store/catalog/productImagesPopup.jhtml?selected=mg&item=prod93930011&pageProductId=prod93930011&yB=mg_prod93930011&mwsInfo=enlarge ... is that bad ? 
i have my puppy back . yeay ! 
is stuffed with corned beef and cabbage , but no green beer ... 
sooo .... is there a non-socialist country I can move to that doesnt have a hardon for screwing the middle class ? 
is starting ot understand more and more french .... eeeewwww 
my nose is burning from indoor skydiving !?! 
has 3 days off !!! 
yeay for traffic ! 
managed to hurt myself while grooming < PROPFEMALE > ... again ... 
The job from Hell cast well . Now I can finally have some beer ! 
had one of the crappiest weeks ever , but is still in a great mood ... I love sunshine 
will cry when < PROPMALE > Chmerkovskiy is voted off DWTS 
looking for someplace with power to get dinner 
is really tired of having a sick dog ... 
excited for VACATION . especially after working 7 days straight . 
made curry so spicy i can't eat it . now what am i suspposed to do ? 
my feet hurt and there are still bits of tree in my hair , but it was totally worth it . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are finally on our way back to NH 
I wanted the bachelorette to keep the crazy guy around simply because hes so ridiculous . 
I just saw someone texting while riding a motorcycle ... 
is very glad I didn't flip off . that motorcyclist who cut me off . when he passed me I realized he was a Hell's Angel . 
my dog either really likes or really hates bluegrass . especially when < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > plays it ... 
still not feeling better ... 
Wishing friday would hurry up and be over 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are on our way to CT after a quick pit stop at the liquor store 
Im happy I got my keys back but they stole my wichard clip and that just sucks 
haha poor showing at the 5k . Guess I should have spent more time training 
Everyone thank < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for not killing me . Hey I had fun but no more fish bowls for me . 
when did bars turn into primary schools ? 
ugh . football makes me want cable 
my dog is sick ... again ... 
so long as Maks is on the show I'm watching . the heck with you . 
breaking computer and setting up new computer = major suck 
in case anyone was interested http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit_show_jumping 
surgery is scheduled for the 18th at southern NH Medical center . wish me luck for the surgery and for the few weeks living with my dad/mom . 
today is the day . 
Got to walk down to the nurses station today ! 
Im home early !! 
soooo bored . anyone have any move/ show suggestions ? 
I just found out thatIi have 8 weeks to get better , not 4 . Yippieeee !!!!!! \ 
am am aLso going to attempt to walk 3/4 of a mile without a < PROPMALE > ! 
I walked almost a mile today , I love this weather !!! - Back to work on Monday or Tuesday 
That's it ! I am going to start walking to my parents house tomorrow to get my dog . cant stand not having her . Google said it will take 4 and a half days ... 
no club music in the car untill my back is healed :( 
Dear NH news stations , Stop reporting on how many ski trails are open on the various amazing mountains around me . just stop . its cruel . 
WTF ???? 
WHO HAS MY PHONE ????? GIVE IT BACK RIGHT NOW !!!!!! 
Yeay ! The doctor says the headaches from the concussion should stop in a few days . 
this wind is scary .... 
Question : What is is that everybody has and some pirates and thieves try to take ? 
Eeep . CF34 power plants .... 2x tomorrow morning . NO FOD in the shape of nuts or threads please ..... 
To make matters worse I'm on the wing ..... 
I love how being 3 minutes late to a doctors appointment means you have to reschedule , but every time you come in they make you wait 20 minutes to see the doctor ... 
is everyone else really confused by the recent weather ? why on earth does the south have more snow than NH ? 
I'm worried the free ride may be over shortly ... and i just returned the router yesterday ... 
I am now the ultimate prep . The new Saab clinched it ... 
it just dawned on me that I'm going to be 27 this year .... eep 
I'm sick . everyone at work is sick . i'm going to bed . 
My dog is the best ... 
I need headhunters names and I need them now . Please help because I need a new job by the end of the week . 
