6 days off work i don't go in till sunday woo hoo and know more motor controls lab for the rest of the symester another postitive thing in the life of JP 

spinx is a horriable gas station to work for enmark is much better in every way possiable 
dont you just love when you do every thing in power to make a great thing work and it dose then you get thrown the worlds best curve ball and everything you've done and worked for just falls apart ... i sure do it makes my day just ever so amazing <--- sarcasim if you didn't know 
i think its litterly the funniest thing in the world when you have a friend call you and say gusse what happened ... and the story ends like this \so yea when he woke up it was a fat girl\ " gets me every time " 
i swear i'll at my body wait in those damn reeses ' cup eggs ... i love easter 
litterly almost the greatest day ever only two more things that i can think of to make it the greastest day ever 
god i hate goin to work i wish there was a way to still get paid and not go to work ... ahh i think i'll just get fired and pull unemploment that sounds like a great idea 
gonna go chug a couple 40's before i go to work ... any one want to join me ??? 
guys : no shirt no service ... Girls : no shirt no charge .... i love < PROPFEMALE > 
there's no half singing in the shower , your either a rockstar or a opera diva 
finnally its friday 
going to down town greenville today any one wanna join y'all know my number or i'll just see ya'll down there 
don't you just hate it when you get cereal pour it in the bowl walk to the fridge and there is no milk ... makes me feel like less of a person for just a little bit :( 
has a feelin that today is gonna be one of those days either super awesome all day or gonna start great and end not so great 
saw a baby today wearing a bib and on this bib it said \SPIT HAPPENS\ " .... i haven't laughed that hard in a while . " 
has had a freakin awesome day today ! but now it ends cause i have to go to work :( 
IRON MAN 2 tonight when i get off work !!! 
ok so its 3:44 in the morning and my friday is already going absolutly awesome gonna take a nap and see how long i can keep this awesome train going 
< PROPFEMALE > bored right now and to jacked to sleep what to do 
BBQ today with my buddies 
kinda feeling out of place ... things just dont feel right for some reason 
work is not on the top of my list of things to be doing today 
i need but sex like whoa right now 
xtream kagefightin tonight at the bi lo center 
i think they should put pies on the front of trains so that way if they hit something its still a lil but funny 
cakes are the only food we write on and its always so encouraging like congratulations < PROPMALE > or Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ... but i feel like where missing an opportunity I'm talking bout negative cakes like surprise your adopted ... so ones person sad but still you cake 
workin at my other job not havin any fun at all its the spinx station in belton and im stuck in this lil box with no air and its hot really hot in here 
i never have liked basket ball that much but damn < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is good at three's 
you know your game is at its high when you can make a good looking deaf girl blush 
Had a fun day till my tire blew up ... i just filled up my gas tank too ... FML 
so tired ... i done fell asleep twice at work ... i wanna go to bed so so bad 
Well i think that i'm gonna have to say its very hot outside ... i miss winter and fall 
so happy went and got a new tire put on my car now i don't have to drive mom's car anymore :) 
man i sure do hope tonights gonna be a good night :) 
tons of people + Rock < PROPFIRST > = awesome time 
yup i thnk its rock < PROPFIRST > time agin today 
probly going to the rock quarry agin today 
i can't find my remote to my T.V. so I'm just laying here looking at it wishing that it was on 
has had the greatest and best moring of all time and its gonna get even better 
sometimes i call myself fly killer i even have my own comic book adventures of the fly killer ... i have killed 12 today at work and 1 wasp ... flying bugs dont stand a < PROPMALE > around me 
CAROWINDS !!! 
Carowinds beat the living crap out of me i am sunburnt , SORE , and so very very tired 
really dosn't want to be at work right now 
what to do tonight oh what to do 
\I'm the dude playing the dude disguised as the other dude\ " God i love this movie " 
for the oddest reason my P.O.S. < PROPMALE > is stupid slow here lately it took 30 minutes to load a 2 minute video on you tube and i can't get the suntrust < PROPFEMALE > to pull up to check my balance this is horrible :( 
life is like a game of jinga every thing is goin great your having fun your being careful tryin not to mess it up then along comes one stubborn brick and every thing falls all apart 
hates working at the jockey lot . But , i just made more in one day there then , i would in three days at spinx . Gotta love that money ... Now , what to buy myself ??? 
is gettin his car out of the shop today 
i love how it does not rain a drop for bout two weeks and the day i get my car out of the shop with a fresh paint job and completly detailed inside and out it rains two days in a row WTF !!! 
needs a very very < PROPMALE > sugar momma cause i am tired of working . 
really wishes DJ HERO blew up like Guitar Hero did i bought it last night and its so much fun 
Will Ferrel as Geroge Bush is the funniest stand up i've ever seen 
do i really look like a guy with a plan ... im like a dog chasing a car i wouldn't know what to do with it if i caught it you know i just do things . 
i now know that a grass hopper will not let go of your hood even if you go 120 mph 
when i become president or a billionare wich ever comes first i will make it manditory to have < PROPFEMALE > limeaid in every gas station and resturant every where 
i really wish every one knew that the far left < PROPFIRST > is for people goin over the speed limit not under the speed limit 
MACHETE !!!!!!!!! FINALLY !!!! 
chiefs !!!! 
i'm not young enough to know everything 
just got fired from Spinx and can't stop smiling about it i figured getting fired from a job would suck a lot more than this but its actually a nice feeling hahaha 
when i started flirtin with the hustle failure became my ex , \ 
now im engaged to the game and married to success 
i love how every one is out side of gamestop waitin to open and im the only person in walmart waitin dumb nerds 
i'll say one thing i thought i would never say in my entire life ... < PROPFIRST > Conthran can throw a good house party hands down the best i've been to in a long time 
is so happy that the office season six is on netflix now 
open your eyes im a blessing in disguise 
just one of those days 
about ten years ago people started wearing there pants real low showing there boxers and what not ... white people started calling this style SAGGIN now spell that backwards ..... Sneaky white people -heard that today i laughed till it hurt :) 
so glad i can finnally say that im done with her forever ... sorry to all my friends for not listening to yall ... yall were all right about her ... everything yall messed with me about she was doing just took me longer to reliaze it 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts . And we are never , ever the same . 
had a job interveiw today for Long eletric i hope i get it now gotta take ol ' < PROPFIRST > to tryouts at Newsprings for vocals hope he gets it .. lets get a pray or two out there for the both of us 
newsprings is freakin gi-nor-muas 
i love having nothing to do ever and thats not sarcasim 
oh what to do today and tonight so many options just so so many ??? 
I just got the motorola droid because my mom is awesome 
Some white people just can't dance 
so i got good news and bad news good news is i got a electrical job and i start monday bad news is i actually have to wake up every day at 5:30 
I love my job 
thank you all for my birthday wishes !!! 
Man my job is awesome 
My dad past away this morning at 5:13 they don't know the reason now but say a pray for my mom and family we all need it 
we will be receiving friends and family at 1-3 monday for dad at Grays mortuary in pelzer then we will go to the chapel there and the preacher will say some words and sing some songs and then he will be cremated 
I don't think you should have to work when its 17 degrees outside 
I'm not rascits but I stuck out like a sore thumb at Haileys In Greenville 
