I'm from Los < PROPFEMALE > how can I not be happy the Lakers are champions , i'm ecstatic . All I know is that now its time to switch focus to the Grizzlies and that #2 pick 

Hoping I get this game testing job at Activision 
Nipsey Hu$$le , Glasses Malone , < PROPFIRST > Rock , Stat Quo , Bishop < PROPMALE > , Cashis , 40 Glocc , and Tyga (?) , Do I sense a west coast resurgence ? 
< PROPMALE > Mcnair , 36 , shot and killed , whats going on this year ? 
So far this year < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > MchMahon , < PROPFIRST > Mays , < PROPFIRST > Carradine , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , , < PROPMALE > McNair and its only July 
My new rap name is < PROPFIRST > Wahala , all my Nigerian Ibo speakers sit back and have a laugh 
< PROPFIRST > Iverson officially a Grizzly ??? They say never look a gift horse in the mouth , I and refuse to do so . Welcome < PROPFIRST > , Hello Playoffs . 
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you < PROPFEMALE > to appear . 
Time for a new word or a new < PROPFEMALE > we are kind of passed the cool < PROPFEMALE > . Additionally , cool is no longer cool when it becomes ubiquitous . 
I walk around the city like it don't matter the earths my turf nobody tries me cause they know better So save the chit chatter I ; m too deep you boys shallow 
There are somethings in life that have no point , like being a music purist , who says what real music is tired of all the haters i like Gucci Mane and I am proud of it Brrr Brrr , Brrr , 
The worlds a cold place ... So bundle up 
I was born a primordial ooze . I crawled out of my own mother's blood . I hid among the humans hoping not to be seen , but somewhere along the way I grew legs , stood upright ... I had to evolve it was the only way to survive . 
To the heart and mind ignorance is kind ... bonus points if you know wha song thats from 
Batch text messages are annoying , impersonal 
The convos people have at two in the morning , when do u workout ? Really ? And I know ur out saying why are u still thinking ? To which I answer why did u stop ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > make it rain is going so hard right now 
I want to bring it straight to where you mentally reside , a pizza boy because whether my words resonate as meat or cheese it all depends on my delivery . 
Just watched Shutter Island , yeah i am late so < PROPFEMALE > me , thiss i what films should be , I hope < PROPFIRST > keeps choosing movies like Inception and Shutter Island cause this is fucking < PROPMALE > , fuck all tha other shit . 
whats on my mind ? what isn't on my mind ? where to start ? Idk let me think bout it 
1000 < PROPFEMALE > paper due on Tuesday you think i even opened the book that I have to read ? 
PEOPLE WHO HAVE A FORMSPRING !!!!! OMG hmm where do I start , ummm , if u say ask me anything , ur not really allowed to go apeshit at all the ridiculous things people ask you , I mean .... wtf did u expect people are weirdos . Did you ever think theres some shit you don't want people to ask , and you don't want to answer ? Idk just an observation .... 
IF u don't finish < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > he will grind out a unanimous decision , it's what he does ... someone should have told BJ Penn 
Here's a thought for that ass , Heroin and Aspirin both invented by Bayer . 
Ignorance definitely is bliss , so much so that if you try to intervene in said states of ignorance the backlash , the can be violent . 
The more you open the mouth the more likely \ 
something unintended is going to fall out , in any case it probably not \ 
worth it . After all they do say that in the < PROPMALE > dom of the blind the \ 
one-eyed man is < PROPMALE > . 
An island in the middle of the sea , not deserted , hidden so you can't see , no tropical vacations here , no resorts abound , just jagged mountains where echos don't resound . Exotic ambrosia quenches the thirst of few , satifaction prevays , but leaves no artifactual clue . 
I wish I knew what you were thinking and you knew what I was thinking 
some fucking year < PROPFIRST > , some fucking year 
if you love horror or thriller movies you are obligated to see THE COLLECTOR 
Ignorance to cope , man ignorance is bliss , ignorance is love and I need that shit . 
So apparently , according to Forbes.com the \ 
Memphis Grizzlies are the most-losing team in professional sports \ 
history .... Hey Forbes.com! Go Fuck Yourself !!! 
Rampage vs < PROPMALE > Evans it's goin dowwwwwnnnnnn !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
They should def come out with a movie called Black Man Can't Swim , since we got away with White Man Can't Jump . Fair is Fair . But then again dude does dunk at the end so i guess the black guy would have to actually swim well at the end of movie , can u tell i am bored ? 
Laker fans explain how Kobe is not an asshole for what he pulled at the end of the game ? 
Okay if you allow average people to serve on juries then how could expect anything more than average justice ? 
NBA Live is officially dead its now called NBA Elite 11 .... ummm okay 
Theres no way you can't respect the Lakers 
I feel like growing dreads just so i could shake them when I am listening to Waka Flocka in the car . 
In my mind sounds like ooooooo , when I'm gone feels like ooooooo , when I zone , i'm feeling alright , i'm feeling alright , i'm feeling alright . 
Shit ! All my cali people , this is wha we have to choose for governor ? < PROPFEMALE > Whitman , a woman who didn't vote for most of her life and the former mayor of Oakland Damn , damn , damn , he we go again . 
< PROPMALE > Lesnar vs < PROPFIRST > Carwin !!!!!!!! Hell mutha fuckin yeah !! The wait is over 
< PROPMALE > Lesnar is the man !!!! 
Lakers signed < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! Damn < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , meet the bench , you guys are gonna get to be real good friends next season . 
Next Lakers need to get JJ Redick , he would fit perfectly , hard worker , good bb IQ , great shooter , everything Lakers fans wish < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was 
The more scientist learn about us , our personalities , our defects and disorders , and our motivations , the more you realize we are not as unique as we would like to believe . 
Damn why is < PROPFEMALE > Turasi beasting the Sparks smh , why i am watching WNBA ? Thats a good question 
Def think Holland about to take this 
Congrats Spain they def earned it . 
People will never forgive you for the sins they want to commit 
Inception ... simply amazing 
Just thought about something as long as Lebron is playing for Miami he is no longer eligible to win the MVP , just like < PROPFIRST > Pierce isn't eligible to win the MVP , 
B-day was ten days ago , for second i for wha my age was , damn i getting old . 
Holy Shit The Fireball Kid Gomi !!!!!!!!!! KO Damn 
I can't save everyone else , if I tried , I'd end up saving nobody . 
Believe or not there is no such thing as evil , its all subjective . It's a mental creation , made for us to do what we do best : categorize shit . 
Clarification : there are bad things that people do but bad usually means it doesn't fit in society , ie serial killers , pedophiles , sociopaths , narcissist , sadist , but does that make them evil ? Nah evil , i mean really think about wtf does evil mean ? 
who just watched this fight ? Def fight of year candidate . 
Superstitions are so funny , cause by the very knowledge that its Friday the 13th you are so on edge , that bad things are more apt to happen to you because your are not acting like your normal self . Not to mention the reality that mostly likely the same shit that happens to you today would have happen whether today was friday the 13th , 14th , 15th or 16th 
Just for the record Atheist people can't be in cults , that's a strictly religious thing . 
I hear I hear I hear , but that shit just don't compare . I tell you , you the best when I'm looking in the mirror . 
Early in the morning , I ain't even yawning , cooking up a cake like I am doing a performance . 
If one more person likes some random ass shits ... If people like this much shit in real life there wouldn't be any haters ... Imagine that . 
I am about to put chicken broth a can of chili and rice in my rice cooker and see what happens 
Okay thought about it , just chili water and rice in the rice cooker , i think this is gonna turn out well . 
Tits and ass will eventually sag , looks will diminish , silky strands of hair will turn gray , but give me a woman that can keep me intellectually stimulated , and i promised I will love her for the rest of my days . 
Its hard out there in these streets for a black atheist , and i thought they stereotyped black people , damn ! If I hear one more muthafucka say atheists are atheist because of the big bang theory , I am gonna lose my mind ! 
I get so much money man these niggas can't believe me , pockets BK double whooper so you know they're cheesy . Lol Young Dro ur a fool for this 
I literally thought today was friday until 5 minutes ago when my roommate told me it was thursday , and i checked my computer date , cause i'm a skeptic about everything , and realized it was thursday . It amazing how ur perception of something can manifest itself as truth until the wool is removed from your eyes leaving u bewildered . 
Anyone who has an I-phone needs to see the Futurama with the EyePhone 
It's not a question of being a good or bad person , but is it possible for person in the world to be a good person ? 
So there is this ginormous ball on campus , this guy ask me sign it . I am like what is it for ? These girls walk up and just sign without question . It could have been for anything . All i saying is theres nothing wrong with being skeptical and asking questions . Oh and if u wondering what the ball for was for and if i signed ... It raised money for childrens hospitals , and i did sign , idk just be aware people ... 
Why i am just now learning about how great Ubuntu is ? 
is wondering what the hell could possibly be that funny that his roommates are giggling like school girls at 1AM . 
Oh shit if one more rapper says another rapper is apart of the illuminati ? I mean really ? really ? No really ? Look out for youtube video facebook is apart of the illuminati coming real soon .... If you believe in tha illuminati i got some prime real estate on mars to sell you . 
Wow moss def just said where is Revis Island cause all I can see is my one handed catch , touchdown . 
Revis Moss is lazy huh ? Keep your mouth shut next time . 
I am Official a < PROPMALE > Texans fan 
Just for the record : If was going to be religious , I def wouldn't pick the same religion as the people who tried to enslave my ancestors ... idk maybe thats just me 
Every time i say \Bless You\ " I feel like an idiot LMAO " 
why is this chick\ 
< PROPFEMALE > from Bad Girls club giving my city a bad name , do anything you want just don't mention where you from ... Shhhhhhhit 
Cro-Cop vs Mir = Snooze ... Nice creative KO , but ultimately out 5 < PROPFEMALE > s this fight gets a 1 < PROPFEMALE > 
Just in case you didn't know , foreign movies are the shit , and basically make of 50% of the movies we watch anyway for instance Let Me In : Norwegian , The Brothers : Danish , Dinner for Schmucks : French , The Departed : Chinese , Quarantine : Spanish , Death at a Funeral : British , so if you really trying to step your movie game up and get a peek into other cultures watch a foreign film . 
Shit NEVER EVER turns out the way i have it planned .... * shrug * makes for a life that goes something like an improv skit .... and who doesn't love constant spontaneity ? 
If you laugh like wiz khalifa but u can't rap like him i might think ur a weirdo 
If you come over to get a chaser so you can drink on a Wed night , I might think you have a drinking problem ... LMAO You know who you are . 
I love the thunder , its like i am in my own horror movie . 
Life is about the journey , we all know the destination , so question everything , cause whether you are religious , athiest , or agnostic , if u think u have come to all encompassing truth about the world you havent , because the answers to metaphysical quandries change like the seasons . So avoid stasis and the inebriation of the irrelevent static . 
Wowww just found out the discovered a meth lab in the freshman dorms at Georgetown U , i knew they were putting something in those cupcakes but this is ridiculous . 
Trying to focus on my writing as of late so gotta get rid of the clutter from my mp3 , so sorry Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka y'all gotta go , except from when i am driving cause i def am gonna need to hear some \O Lets Do It\ " with these crazy ass driving mf in LA " 
con'td from previous status : So Hello to System of a Down , < PROPMALE > Crimson , Bad Plus , Led Zeppelin , and the The Doors 
Wow < PROPMALE > Koscheck walks into the arena and the entire crowd starts booing and chanting GSP , wow they really hate him . All my mma fans know what hell i am talking , though this might be gibberish to most 
If one more one woman say all black men are shit , I am going to lose my mind . Just because all the black guys you date are shit . Maybe you just like shitty guys or just have shitty taste in guys , idk just stop saying all cause u haven't dated all black guys . You rarely ever hear a man say is all black women are shit , we may say y'all have problems but never you are shit cause we have more respect for your gender . 
Deep breath okay now i am calm 
I would not believe it had I not seen it with my own eyes < PROPMALE > Lesnar just got stopped , Wow unbelievable . 
Wha would u think if you saw somebody wearing a shirt that said \Why kill them with kindness when you can use an ax ? \"" 
people are funny : This girl in my class goes smoking is gross , my boyfriend does it , so i go , so its not tha gross then ... 
Sometimes if you dont listen to an album for a long time you will mess around and forget its your favorite album . Any guesses of what album ? 
Doesn't anybody wonder the hell we are supposed to be celebrating on Halloween ? 
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority . By definition , there are already enough people to do that . G.H. Hardy 
Why did no one tell me Black Sabbath is the the shit ? 
Old people don't care about young people , you had your hippie days why can't we have ours ? PS I know that not all old ... i mean mature people voted against prop 19 and all that voted for it are cool , its just those other ones who because of symptoms of their squareness voted against it that get under my skin . 
The new ubuntu update is insane , please tell me somebody knows wha i am talking about 
If I ever give you the cold shoulder for no apparent reason its was possibly because you < PROPMALE > me from my world of contemplation , delivering me back to this world of banality , anyway my point is don't take it personal . 
I am probably the only grown man with a beard that you will ever see blowing bubbles with his gum , * shrug * 
There's lot of pretty , pretty ones , That wanna get you high , but all the pretty , pretty ones will leave low and blow your mind . 
If you are a sports fan and you don't have Xbox Live you need to get IMMEDIATELY !!! 
You know you are entirely too analytical when you attempt to apply Mendelian genetics to figure out why Achilles needed to be dipped in the river Stix become immortal . 
Wow < PROPFIRST > Wall had gastric sleeve surgery has lost 125 pounds 
Why do you never see this headline : \Psychic wins lottery \"" 
Sooo .... Got a research paper due tomorrow at 2:00 pm , So far got one half pages done . Right now I am playing NBA 2k11 . I know wtf right ? But shittt I can do that . Live on edge , makes life more fun . 
I'm finally done with my paper i really not to stop doing this to myself its not a good look ... not at all 
Lets Play a Game finish this lyric : \Anti-People now you've gone too far ... \ " \ 
Just finish catching up on < PROPMALE > , and it still remains the best television series i have ever seen 
Inglewood resider I'm a westcoast reject , you'll have to forgive , if get confused by the context's E-fect , I mean i a jerk from the westcoast so i am doing the fucking reject . LMAO 
If you tell me how old you are , and my immediate response is not disbelief , yet you still tell me people always have a hard time believing you , I might think you are lying . 
Okay I just listened to Black Friday i was like okay Lil < PROPFIRST > gets on her , and then I listened to < PROPMALE > Revenge and was like wtf am supposed to do with this ? Ladies , y'all need to be mad and stop embracing this chick , i mean how is the female version of Nas vs Jay-Z , gonna be a past her prime Lil < PROPFIRST > vs < PROPFEMALE > \on her 14 minute of fame\ " Minaj ? " 
Very rarely do I ever refer to females as girls anymore , basically because the females i deal with are women , i have no use for girls . 
Show the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > scars on my back\ 
see how the fake react \ 
cause they got them too \ 
but ain't telling nobody that . 
Its tight situation like this , you the know the risk , \ 
roll the dice , hit or miss \ 
-Dialated Peoples 
If you have a cartoon picture as your Default , then remove it because its a group of pedophiles that made it up . They're doing it because kids will accept their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with supporting child violence . It was on the TV show ... that warns you about internet frauds ; it will be on tonight's news as well . SET THIS AS YOUR STATUS TO WARN OTHERS 
I don't mean to disagree , but i love the fact that i do 
Crime is down but popular perception says its up so we must hide our kids , hide our wives , and hide husbands cause they raping everybody out here 
I'm Sick :-( and it sux , really bad . 
Took some Nyquil about an hour ago still ain't knocked out yet ... 
So I finally got To sleep but the only problems is ... I just woke up like 5 minutes ago , damn i can i get a break ? 
Its real funny the pursuits we choose in life are the ones that lead us to material riches . However the pursuit of existential and metaphysical truths are infinitely more valuable , even if you never reach your destination . 
Realizing we judge the south so hard , but idk they still say stuff like I reckon ... wtf does that even mean ? 
Its one thing to have realistic dreams , it's an entireley another thing when you believe things in your that took place in your dreams have actually happened within reality 
Don't burn bridges before you know where they lead too . 
Pious atheist ,... have episodes of piety ; not episodes of piety in which I am bewildered and find myself asking the question of why it is at all , but find myself , shaken to the depths of my being that there is anything at all and by the strange mysteries of the fact that my scrambled egg in the morning is me by the end of the day . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Miller 
While they are equally a large part of the reason why I know religion is a farce and their violence is deplorable , I respect the fundamentalist far more than the liberal religious because at least they haven't forgotten what they believe in . If your willing ignore some of the more antiquated religious ideas why not ignore them all ? After all if the religion becomes antiquated isn't that a congenital flaw ? 
Used to push to kush so you could blow on leaves thats how I showed money does grow on tree\ 
-Crooked I 
Just cause I guess I have to say this cause people apparently don't know : YOUTUBE IS NOT A SOURCE OF FACTUAL INFORMATION !!!!! 
More than half of the worlds diamonds are sold in the United States . Damn greatest country in the world right ? 
I'd rather be full of myself than empty of myself , ' cause at least then I know I have value of self , even if , i mistake my inflated retail value for actual wealth . 
You ; ll have to forgive my philosophical rants i smoked some good as weed yesterday . Went to sleep real woke up enlightened 
I am bout to get a twitter any suggestions for twitter a username ? 
So my sisters were trying to explain it to me and we came to a point of confusion . How exactly is Hermione a witch , when her parents are muggle ? 
ok I am officially on twitter : AtheistPoetics , and i am thinking about deleting it cause i idk what to say . I'll give it a week or so . 
Had a deep conversation with my sister < PROPFEMALE > Nwagwu , very proud of the woman has become . 
There are some things that no matter how true they are , people will never be ready to hear about you , how much less themselves . 
Why do people think they are so awesome they have to put adjectives into their facebook name to let you how awesome they think are ? If you have an adjective in your facebook name I am LMAO at you . 
Society keeps saying I am logical and you are emotional , but if we are the ever going to understand each other we are going to have to break free of societies predefinition of us . < PROPFEMALE > Manson put it best \This isn't me I'm not mechanical . \"" 
If you think you are a great person , but nobody agrees , you're probably not that great of a person . 
Idfk how to be likable , I only know how to be me . Apparently that may not be good enough . 
The roads to perdition are paved with the sticky tar of materialistic preoccupations . 
Who told you that you were a poet ? Who assigned that rank ? Brodsky : Who assigned me to the human race ? 
To many females are on Twitter , Facebook , and everything similar for so many to be so computer illiterate . Ladies step ur comp game up , I am tired of being ur IT guy , soon I am gonna start charging . 
Am I the only one who thinks its a weird coincindence that the people who feel like God blesses them a lot often times happen to be the people that work the hardest ? 
< PROPFEMALE > R . Muhammad just made me realize I forgot twitter 101 , I am supposed to go follow me @AtheistPoetics 
tried to run some errands rain had other plans 
For a second i was definitely convinced i need to spend hella money to get < PROPFIRST>'s and now I realize wtf was i thinking 
I need to choose a goose cause I don't need another ducky , \ 
one that I can show how it feels to be lucky 
It is funny the things that you remember that other people don't . The things that you do for them that no else does . 
I want to thank Dameon ' Dash ' Gant for reccomending Wiz Khalifa's The Chronic 2010 , and my homie < PROPMALE > D . Hoyle for putting me on to Wale's More About Nothing Mixtape both mixtapes go hella hard if you one of those thats always saying the new generation rappers suck you need to def need to listen to these mixtapes . 
Adults ( lol as if i am a child ) do a very good job of making alcohol seem as if it taste good . However the more alcohol i try the more i realize , shiiiit adults must be really stressed to drink as much as they do , cause beer , wine , even champagne , aren't exactly the tastiest of concoctions . 
Is there a difference between feminism and black female empowerment ? I mean other than the fact that the latter is geared toward black female , are the obstacles any different ? 
why is it annoying to be logical ? 
People change like the tides , don't let the past make you blind to the sea . 
I am watching this documentary The Corporation and some of the shit that goes in this world , that rules the world we live in , make me so sick I literally want to cry vomit , and throw up tears . 
Monday , a friend of mine , Tuesday , we played a game , Wednesday , you went away , 
Watching the first 48 , and the sergeants name is debo < PROPMALE > and she's a female , pronounced dee-boe like dude tha steals homie's bike in Friday . Idk really what else to say about tha ... 
Americans are the only ones who not only like making up their own conspiracy theories we love believing them . 
Just flew down the 405 windows down bumping Antichrist Superstar , CSUN to Inglewood in 28min new record !!!! 
You know you live in a good neighborhood if i am the most gangster nigga on the block 
Just for the record I def told the world the Grizzlies were going to win , I just didn't expect to shit on the Lakers the way they did . All i gotta say is Lets Go Grizzlies Clap Clap .... Clap Clap Clap ..... Lets Go Grizzlies !!! 
Just finished watching Teeth , hmmm ummmm yeah . 
Has any body seen the movie Bug , and was confused as hell ? I just figured it out . 
All my friends tha smoke cigs i love y'all but wtf , i mean wtf , no really wtf ! 
I try to be the good guy , u take me for granted , throw me to the side , rather have a man that will tell you lies . Tell me why , tell me why , tell me why . Why should I be the good guy and get left for the man that don't treat you right , there's nothing good in being a good guys . Tell me why , tell me why , tell me why . 
I know < PROPFEMALE > Budagyan might disagree but < PROPFEMALE > Minaj going platinum is definitely not good for rap . Especially when Wale didn't . 
I really got work on thinking before I speak . Reckless words usually come with collateral damage . 
Listeners never hurt people , but for better or worse I love to talk . 
Oh yeah Dear GoDaddy.com < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is not hot . Thank You . 
I could easily do without hearing the word swag this year , I think i heard enough times last year to last a lifetime . 
Humbleness often goes unrewarded but is universally respected , Arrogance often never goes unpunished and is universally despised , however arrogance is like the gift you give to yourself that never stops giving , unless some party pooper comes burst your bubble . Idk I bounce between the two . Right now I feel like kinda of big deal . LMAO 
I know , who the fuck does this guy think he is ? Surprised we never met before I am < PROPFIRST > , and I am currently kind of a big deal . I am sure it will change by the weeks end , but who the fuck says , I am kinda not a big deal . What kind of depressing , emo shit is that , this ain't Twilight mofos . <-- Where the did tha come from ? Below the bottom of the heart where souls burn and demons play . Ooo spooky , wtf am i right now ? 
An athiest but never want to be accused of\ 
\the unexamined life isn't worth living\ " sin\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is a G . She literally has Thug Life tattooed on her arm . 
OMFG < PROPFIRST > Chizik : \God was with us . \ " Nigga wha ? And he wasn't with the other team . God does not care who wins the BCS Championship . I mean wtf like God is sitting up in heaven with an Auburn hat and foam finger watching the game . LOL " 
Documentary time 
I'm authentic in what i say , cause my mom always taught me all that you have in this world to offer in exchange for trust is your word . So when I lie or tell half truths to people that i care about i feel guilty and have to immediately rectify the situation . So if I don't say otherwise very soon after , what i say is what i mean . You can take my word straight no grains of salt needed . 
So i just found out my stupid windows phone doesn't support custom ringtones . Grrr so i gotta deal with these stupid pre-programed ringtones . Man wtf people gonna think when they hear this robotic shit coming from my phone . Idk i feel ringtones are an expression of self and right now my windows phone is suppressing my self expression . Or maybe I'm just doing too much . 
I can't help but be reminded of that Boondocks episode about BET , when I see the mass hysteria over the show The Game . It's kind of spooky . I have seen the show its not that good . Yeah I said it , and what ? 
If you are not apart of the solution does that make you automatically apart of the problem cause if thats true then we are all apart of a lot of problems . 
wow u would think zodiac tattoos are good cause they are never gonna change the zodiac , so much for that idea ... 
I was def a cancer a gemini not so much , though a much cooler tattoo option though i def not gonna take the < PROPMALE > , have to explain that someone \Oh no see in 2011 they had came out with these new Zodiac and so I thought well they changed it once they can't change it again \"" 
God dammit Gucci Mane its hard eough trying to hold you down over on the westcoast , and then you go and put a big ass ice cream cone on your face ? I don't think you might be i think you were rollin when u went and got tha shit . SMFH 
My thoughts on Cam < PROPMALE > entering the draft : He's not that good . 
Its okay not like Waka , Gucci , Soulja Boi , etc . However , they aren't coons , sambos , house niggas , or whatever . Would you blame your condom if it didn't work or Trojan ? You can't blame the product for it's flaws blame the manufacturer . I don't mean their mothers by the way . I don't think we are the problem its just everybody keeps saying we are so we begin to believe it , and it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy . 
< PROPFEMALE > R . Lankford , her gf Bri , and Kalia < PROPMALE > saw a rare sight . Me falling , hard . Note to self : Do not try to recapture youth by attempting physical feats that were easy when you were young , cause you're old . 
Sick :-( 
Sometimes when you tell someone they are something even though they repeatedly deny it , they are not denying it because their in denial , they are denying it because it's not true , and by your constant insistence , you plant the seed of the doubt within the person's mind . So be careful with that . 
People say I over-think things , which is definitely true , but i think the world would be a lot better place if we had more over-thinkers less under-thinkers . 
When I'm turnt up , I'm known to knock a nigga out for getting cocky . \ 
So when i'm gone off tha vodka people say i get Cirocky . 
They say no amount learning can cure stupidity , thats a morbid thought . 
\I'm on BET more than Leprechaun 3 \"- Sheek Louch " 
First day of class . Professor says she might not remember all of of our names . Oh she will remember my name she doesn't have a choice . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , I am not a very virtuous person . 
I lack the ability to hold my tongue . 
I don't think anybody actually has the ability to not care what people think , I think people develop the ability to roll with the punches , some so well that people opinions land like glancing punches from a child . Either way its something you have to develop or your self image will end up looking like your self esteem , beaten up . 
I just realized there is a huge difference hip hop artist and rappers . Lil < PROPMALE > , T.I. , Gucci Mane , Waka , DMX , rappers . Taleb Kwali , Mos Def , Common , Nas , Jay-Z , Kanye , MF Doom , MURS , hip hop . Idk the basic is difference is u probably won't see an hip hop artist in jail anytime soon . More broadly hip hop people have self awareness rappers lack . 
Oh just to show love to my female artist out there , Lil < PROPFIRST > , Foxy Brown , < PROPFEMALE > , Jackie-O , Remy < PROPFEMALE > , rappers . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Elliot(the old < PROPFEMALE > anyway ) , MC Lyte , < PROPFIRST > Grae , < PROPFEMALE > Hill , Es < PROPMALE > Davi ' , Nyla R . Lankford , hip hop . As for the last two you main not know them but i vouch for their skill , and if they go to jail i'll immediately disown them , jk . 
Wow I just realized I never really used connotation of signs to their full extent . Don't know why I am telling you , probably means nothing to you . 
Beyond Scared Straight : \If you are pretty these girls will hate on you . \ " \ 
So apparently < PROPFEMALE > Short and co are drunk . Ringing my doorbell and running into their room at 1 in the morning , thanks for that . 
In certain context i can be a very unlikeable person , as hard as that may be to believe . LMAO 
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness . 
I have so many things on my mind that you will never know , don't slip up , thinking you know where my minds at , and start flattering yourself cause its ain't a good look . 
You can't tell me what poetry is unless you are poet , meaning you studied the theory , studied the works , and have written things that make people's neurons dance in fervor of synaptic electricity equatable to the thunderstorms . 
if you didn't know i am atheist . i don't go around spewing atheist rhetoric because thats not the atheist way , i not concerned with your religion as long as you keep it to yourself and out of my politics . However , i found and interesting query that i would love to hear comments on . In the Bible how many deaths is the Devil directly responsible for , especially compared to God ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Hodges reminded me the other day of something people either forgot or ignore . Rhianna still can't sing . 
So guys we are being punished for years of males objectifying women . Females are lowkey pretending to be sports fan , but all i ever hear is how good dudes look . You ain't fooling me . I have yet to see one female post of video a nice basketball play . Not cool ladies not cool at all . We don't f with Bad Girls Club , Real Housewives , Jersey Shore , B-Ball Wives or maybe thats cause those females don't look that good ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is the baddest man on the planet , he should just retire cause its simply not fair . There is no competition . 
Early in the morning I ain't even yawning cooking up a cake like i'm doing a performance . 
Thirty minutes to game time 405 is crawlin 
Incredibly funny : my teacher is horrible with names she ask the same people there names over and over , however she has only asked me my name once , and has committed it to memory . LOL 
So Facebook you just ignore the request for a dislike button , thats how you feel ? 
“You must have the devil in you to succeed in any of the arts” -Voltaire 
Just for the record , i am more likely to listen to ur religious rhetoric if you have food . 
I'm oh so pissed right now 
God Dammit ( which i guess loses its meaning if your an atheist * kanye shrug *) so apparently in rhianna S&M video if pause it at like 38 sec it says Rhianna is the illuminati's slut if i have to explain to you what it meant by that .... 
Rap snitches telling all the business , sit in the court and be there own < PROPFEMALE > witness , \ 
Do you see the perpetrator , yeah i am right here . MF DOOM 
I tend to measure people by what I would do in their situation , actions by people that I would never do automatically hold more meaning . Though I must admit that the logic is totally backward . 
Thank you Grammy's for making Country Music think they are relevant , * sigh * 
When people hack into facebook accounts the resulting status updates are usually quite amusing . 
Somebody want to tell me why all Lex Luger beats sound same ? 
The professor forgot my name today I def had a mini spaz out in class , I couldn't hide my displeasure the class was looking at me like who the fuck does he think is . I wanted to reintroduce myself \I am < PROPFIRST > the mf that runs this class . " 
Women that have a way with words are hella sexy . 
I may get tired of some music but i don't think i will ever get tired of < PROPFEMALE > Manson . 
I have a unique respect for people sleeping , maybe cause I don't get that much , if I am around someone sleeping I def try my hardest not be loud and do shit that will wake them up . I can't really say the same for other people . 
Two new first draft poems done today , and its only 2:00 pm . I think its been a productive day so far . 
I parked at the 3rd Promenade and walked into the Twilight Zone for a minute . I was lost looking for my car so long to the point I wasn't even sure if i even had a car . 
I am probably the nicest asshole you will ever meet . LOL 
If I wasn't always worrying so much about the frivolous and over-thinking the irrelevant I would realize my life is pretty good . 
It's so Un-American to be broke , but yet 99% of the people own only one 1% of the wealth . Doesn't that mean it is Un-American to be American ? 
What do you think the moral of the story of Icarus is ? 
The more I flesh out my idea for my first tat , i can actually feel it on my arm , not that that means much considering its gonna be my first tat . 
I forgot my keys on one of the counters this middle aged lady pointed it out to me , I was like thank you she was like do that all the time . All I could think was ur old that's expected of u , I am young I can't get away with tha . lol 
This kid was playing his Nintendo DS and ran into one if those poles that make up the line in the post office I def laughed . 
Random Thought : If I want to buy juice , why they hell would I want to buy Minute-Maid ? I mean if I wanted minute maid juice I would just buy Kool-Aid . 
We have a deaf student in our class and she has a beautiful interpreter and I don't understand sign language but the way I keep glancing over there u might think I did . 
Sometimes I do too much lol 
If ur in my class and u don't agree with me u might , maybe , could be in trouble . 
Its funny when we abbreviate whatever as whatev because we are to lazy to write the last syllable . 
I am going to have to something about my contentious relationship with sleep , cause when its comes down to it I need him he doesn't really need me . 
When I say things I can often comes off as pretentious , condescending , arrogant , and or abrasive . Idk * kayne shrug * 
I refuse to fall into the monotony of drudgery , or the possibility of exerting too much effort so i regularly blow off things i should be doing . 
Beyond Scared Straight is the best . Simply a classic ? \ 
Wendy(Prison Woman ): Do you want switch lives with me ? \ 
Brandi : No\ 
Wendy : Why ? \ 
Brandi : Your life sucks . 
The shit I seen has changed me , what used to be strange to me , just ain't strange to me no more ( yup i seen this shit before ) Its just another day outside my door , outside my door . 
Believe or not there are some days when I don't really want to talk . 
I never flake on people its impossible i am to fresh out the oven to flake lol 
Anybody know the recipe for McDonald's Double Cheeseburger ? Cause I want to do an experiment I am pretty sure they are putting crack in these burgers . 
Everybody is always busy . Funny realization : if you are getting busy living that most likely entails in someway your are getting busy dying but what choice do we have ? 
Did you know they tried to pass a resolution to have an Official Cuss Free Week in California ? Well it obviously didn't pass , basically because we don't we play that weak fucking censorship shit on the left coast . 
If they want me to buy healthy shit , they need to find a way to make it cheaper , which i guess is what perpetuates the cycle of corporations search for cheaper labor , but idk wha u want me to do . 
The bible came up in Afro lit class , I didn't remember the name Shadrach , Meshach , and some other guy who got thrown into furnace . My teacher def told me I should open up a bible . I wanted to say I am atheist but it wasn't the time or place . 
So def got into a discussion about religion during the break made a good point conversation ended . Lol 
Hope is not a strategy , Luck is not a factor , Fear is not an option . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > I def my fuck around i get this tatted 
Attraction isn't logical it just is ... Sometimes i wish it was though 
I def just ate some peanut butter on bread , two fillets of salmon grilled , a huge baby spinach salad with < PROPMALE > dressing , oatmeal with milk , and an M&M Chocolate Chip Cookie Ice Cream Sandwich , and I am feeling pretty good right now . There could only be one explanation .... 
Why are fishnets sexy ? 
Random realization : I used to think it was stupid to get a tattoo in a language you don't speak , but i now realize that it doesn't matter if you don't speak the language as long as you as know what the phrase means , because tats are self , who cares if anybody else knows what it means . 
Okay I am about do a serious of observations i have made about the old cartoon Rugrats . 
Rugrats : \ 
< PROPFIRST > gets his imagination from his dad Stew ( an inventor ) . \ 
Chucky is so timid , frightful , and cautious cause he doesn't have a mom to balance out the nature of his dad . \ 
In the world of Rugrats the women wear : < PROPFEMALE > (<PROPFEMALE>'s Mom ) def wears the pants , as does < PROPFEMALE > ( Twins Mom ) , < PROPFEMALE > does because she is stable Stew is not . < PROPFEMALE>'s mom also because she is Doctor and we rarely even see her father . 
Rugrats : Ohhh new revelation < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are definitely having an affair on the side . 
Who has seen Oldboy ? 
Got home at 3:30 woke at 5:40 went back to sleep woke up at 7:30 fml goin back to bed Sheeesh ! 
So Battle LA .... umm yeah explosion explosion dialogue explosion explosion explosion explosion dialogue explosion explosion explosion explosion monologue big explosion big explosion the end . Save ur time and money . 
Oh and if you have any sentimental attachment to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > don't see Battle LA 
I am really starting to wonder what goes on in room next to mine cause i am beginning to think a certain someone .... * cough * < PROPFEMALE > Short has sex on her mind all the time , that is when she is not studying lol . 
Am I the only one interested in drug experimentation , or has everybody my age already been there done that , and when I say drug experimentation I mean like LSD , Salvia , Peyote , and whatnot . I say I want to try LSD people look at me like I am crazy . 
If u are handing out cards or flyers don't tell me that's what ur doing its obvious . I know ur like \Damn < PROPFIRST > give em a break . Y so angry ? \ " Its just that some people are marketing types some aren't get in where u fit in that's all I am saying . " 
Random Though : People wonder why the rate homicide is so high , because we have history of violence . 
I really really need to slow down when I speak . 
Ever since 3XL Black Tees went out style my shirts have gradually been getting tighter , idk how i feel about this except that i fear i may soon resemble the dudes from Jersey Shore . 
Weed , Bach , and my notes .... Don't me bother me I'm writing . 
I think females have smaller bladders than guys . #JustSaying 
I remember the most random shit , and its not like a computer where u can go look tofiles and see what you have stored , noooo its like a random memory pops into my head and I am like \WTF where did that come from ? \"" 
I been fly before swag . 
WTF how is 4:00 pm already , I am not feeling this whole Daylight Savings thing 
Jimmer Fredette is insane . 
Umm who ordered the rain ? 
Why are foreign movies so great ? 
What is spirituality in the secular sense ? 
\Is anybody out there feels like I'm talking to myself\ " lol " 
Time to see whats going on twitter 
People including me are often times not as open as they perceive themselves to be , idk but i try my hardest to be . 
BreakingNews.com:\Russia's Putin says interference in other countries ' internal affairs becoming a trend in U.S. foreign policy . \ " \ 
Okay so I just saw a commercial that said we only get about 25,000 mornings . Divided it up ( CAUSE YOU CANNOT BELIeVE EVERYTHING YOU HEAR ) about 68 years so pretty accurate . The most bizarre detail is this was a commercial for Michigan . If anything that fact makes me not want to visit Michigan cause I don't want to waste one morning . Excuse the humor , the point is < PROPFEMALE > your mornings . 
To Whom It May Concern : Been reading about Language Poetry , highly disappointed , expected something brilliant , instead received something quite pedestrian . 
I see signals where they aren't and miss signals where they are , makes for an interesting life , lol . 
Juno : Thats a wise choiice . Because I like knew this girl who had like this crazy freak out from taking too many behavior meds at once . And she like ripped off her clothes , and dove into the fountain at Ridgedale mall and was like , \Blah I am a krackin from the sea ! \ " \ 
Sister just showed me how to play Enter the Sandman on the guitar , feeling kinda awesome right now . #winning 
Homicide Detective on his job : \The one thing I can't understand is the lack of respect for human life . \ " \ 
Idk i hate to shit on everything all the time but idk why i see logic where people don't . 
Life like a game of Risk , I put my mental marker all that I own , \ 
So people know that I can conquer anything I put my mind on . 
If aren't drunk , or speaking very passionately about something , then why the fuck are you so God Damn loud ? 
Anybody wanna go see Insidious tonight , got passes to a screening at the Arclight @7 
Insidious was fucking amazing , it is exactly wha you expect from the guys that made Paranormal Activity and Saw , a movie not filled with over the top theatrics , a bared down horror film with tons of scares to make you jump and a plot that literally takes you places that you never expected to go , the film got a round of applause at the end but then again so did Battle LA , lol . 
People have interesting ways of letting you know they are listening or at least pretending to , pay attention to that sometime its kinda funny to me at least 
What are some childish names we used to call each other in elementary school ? Stupid , Dumbo , shit like tha 
I feel naked in conformal wear so I untie black bow lies , \ 
telling me what I am knot . Release tuxedo tails , let my plume bloom \ 
self-assured I don't mind being the only peacock in the room . 
Little things get under my skin ... so i wrote a poem about it . 
So I got an 11 out of 12 on the Upper Division Writing Exam , yeah i'm kind of a big deal . \ 
Random Observer : Wait < PROPFIRST > aren't you an English < PROPMALE > ? \ 
Me : I have no time to be bogged down with details to busy over here being big deal . \ 
Whoa i am really bored ... 
Just cut our wrist like cheap coupons and say death was on sale today . 
\I got mood poisoning must have been something that I hate . \ " -M . M . \ 
You know wha grinds my gears ? People who have the audacity to burn another religions holy book because even atheist don't have the audacity to do something like tha , on the other side wha additionally grinds my gears is that the actions of one idiot pastor in FL , can cause an uproar among this many Muslims . Its like they are looking for a reason ... 
If religion weren't responsible for so many deaths , this whole thing would be quite funny . Three religions who all claim the same Father but refuse to acknowledge they are brothers . SMFH 
In times like this I guess there is only one thing to do .... tumbl 
Random Thought : You couldn't tell by my attire , but i like colorful shit . 
I really really really really really fucking hate this shit 
Sleep where are you ? It's me < PROPFIRST > . 
12 people people look like me and you , in a room playing God . Our civil duty . 
Who is giving all these \homeless\ " people dogs ? " 
I would love to see those pretentious PETA people throw some red paint on a homeless person , for starving their dogs . 
I kinda hope there is some higher being cause i got some very pending questions , such as did OJ really do it ? What happened in the house Amityville , or the one in Connecticut , Who is the Zodiac Killer ? What did < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Oswalt mean when he said \I am just a patsy ? \"" 
idk it used to be hard to be black because of outward perception now it hard to black because inward regression 
If you have ever seen me in class , or in certain situation , you might think I lack verbal restraint , or more simply , the ability to bite my tongue . Thats not the case its just that I don't really care that much to show much restraint , and when I do care enough to show restraint how the fuck would know since i am ...... oh yeah showing restraint . 
I never used to understand it all seemed so simple but now its so readily apparent . 
\Open like an enclosure for O's\ " Thumbs up or Thumbs Down ? " 
Come crawling faster , Obey your master . 
I am the protester professing on the weak shit that I hear\ 
Weak rappers plus dumb listeners , sum of all my fears 
Being a good person never seems to be enough , people always want more and my tanks running on empty . 
I prefer to define because it helps me navigate this crazy world , at the same time , i prefer not to define because definitions are so damn rigid and unyielding . 
Its nice that I never need anybody else to remind me how great of a person I am , because I do forget sometimes , its just that situations always occur that remind me . 
So watching one of the wild clip shows , there is a high speed chase , this woman is driving a pretty nice car swerving through the traffic , the usual . So she loses control the car flips , the police come in to check if she is okay , she is completely naked , and has a Chinchilla in the backseat 
Some of you already know this but Family Guy def took a lot from the Simpsons . The family structure , Cleaveland = Carl(black friend ) , Milhouse = Neil(think about < PROPFEMALE > ) , < PROPFIRST>'s Boss = Smithers + Burns(Gay ) , Meg = < PROPFEMALE > (they hate < PROPFEMALE > , in response to how obnoxious < PROPFEMALE > is , if that makes sense , < PROPMALE > = Brian(if you know how brilliant < PROPMALE > is ) , Quagmire is the opposite of Flanders . Stewie is the opposite of < PROPFEMALE > 
Ummm the Secret ... Really ? 
Please please please , don't spend your life working hard so you have nice things . 
I def prefer < PROPMALE > Crimson to Pink < PROPMALE > , and not because I like red more than pink lol 
If I went to hell ( because despite being atheist or as a result of being atheist i often ponder on such things ) i imagine the suffering would eventually get so redundant it would seem like normal life , i would find some hot(lol ) condemned female , and we would write poetry of disbelief in our blood . Whoa < PROPFIRST > ! That s kind of morbid ! * shrug * 
If you must own something < PROPFIRST > Vuitton at least know how to spell it or you just look foolish . 
It sucks u can't help what makes u anxious 
LMAO Squidbillies the best , hillbillies that are squids , crude drawings , a grandma that is nympho , this show is entirely too much . 
Ok so a giant squid was trying to explain to Early and < PROPMALE > about evolution , and then Early pulls out his shotgun and blows the squids head off , while yelling \That'll teach you to call my boy queer . \ " < PROPMALE > goes \ " but he didn't call me queer\ " to which Early replies \ " Semantics ! \ " \ 
What's male version of T&A ? 
I just realized the only place you are guaranteed a job in < PROPFEMALE > is in jail . SMH 
... But I'm scared it all ain’t enough to free my soul 
LETS GO GRIZZLIES , UPSET TIME GRIZZ TAKING OUT THE SPURS THEN THE WORLD 
I am def at home having a one man playoff party for my grizzlies , Whoooo ! Yeaaahhh ! 
HELLLL YEAAHH OJ for 3 at the buzzer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh Hell Yeah Grizzlies first playoff win in the history of the franchise history ( 16 years ) . Been a long time coming !!!! Feeling Good , Feeling Great , Now its time Celebrate WHOOOOOO !!!!!!! Grizzlies !!!!!!!!!! 
Meanwhile Lakers whats going on ? And who is this < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > guy ? 
Anyone have a med marijuana card ? 
Say whatever you want about me , I can't help the fact I like being outside in the cold morning air without absolutely no one around . 
I never really hated one true god , it was the god of the people I hated . -Marilyn Manson 
I used to think I wanted to live forever and see the apocalypse , but i really don't want to see how this movie ends . 
Say what you want about Melo what he is doing right now is damn near amazing . 
I kind of feel like the refs stole this game from the Knicks 
Sometimes its not worth the stress ... just turn the paper in late . 
I'm a teenage distortion survived abortion , a rebel from the waist dooowwwwwn 
Why is every Christian Holiday a reason to eat < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I'll be your lover , I'll be forever , I'll be tomorrow I am anything when I'm high 
I had to explain how a waterfall can be a negative symbol . * shrug * Someone had to . * sinister laugh * 
Dressing all black up in my residence , ain't got on no suits cause I seen how they treat black presidents . 
Master of Puppets I'm pulling your strings\ 
Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams\ 
Blinded by me , you can't see a thing\ 
Just call my name , ' cause I'll hear you scream\ 
Master\ 
\ 
Came out in 1986 still relevant today , things change but they stay the same . 
Sheesh can i get Angry Birds for my windows phone already ? 
Memphis don't fuck it up 
Memphis let say this again ... Don't fuck it up 
Lets Go Grizzlies !!!!!!! 
This what being a fan is all about !!!!!! Grizzlies !!!!! Grizzlies !!!!! Grizzlies !!!! 
So apparently today is Easter , my news feed told me over and over and over and over again . I feel like an Atheist rant but out of respect for the \holiday\ " I will save it til tomorrow . " 
Okay not Easter today and boy do i have an Atheist rant in me . First if you don't think the Catholic Church and < PROPFEMALE > companies are in cahoots your kidding yourself ( not sure if i actually believe that or if I am just joking ) . ' He that knoweth his master's will and doeth it not shall beaten with many stripes ' ( < PROPMALE > 12:47 ) . Damn ! if i was a slavemaster I would def use that . Oh wait they did ask < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
If you insist on hating fire and its scorching ways with all you might then hate the brush that fuels it and the wind that fans it , or else your hate seems disingenuous . \ 
Cause if you can pardon the brush and forgive the wind , then you might as well do the same for the fire . \ 
Oh and so there is no mystery to what I am talking about the fire is slavery and the brush is religion the wind is ignorance . 
Wha !!!! The Grizzlies went HAM on the Spurs and are up 3-1 ??? First playoff win , First playoff win at home , First series win next , First Championship after tha !!!! Okay I am realistic , most likely no championship , but after so many seasons ending early , making it to the next round in the feels like a a championship , and i haven't forgot we have to win one more game , preparing myself for the inevitable . 
It nice that you are a great listener and everything but it would be nice if you talked a little too . Sheesh ! 
WTF DOES GOOD ETHICS AND MORALS MEAN ? I thought those things were subjective 
I have never understood how people can be so disposable ... friends one minute strangers the next , without rhyme or reason , or maybe I am just clingy .... * shrug * 
Had dreams of doing things they say that you can't do\ 
Cause everything ain't black and white , ' less you chew bamboo - XV 
Don't ask me what song I am humming it usually something I made up , I need to learn how to write music ... I miss Fruity Loops 
Its nice to remember your dreams as I often do : For instance I was on a reality show and this girl said something like bees emit < PROPFEMALE > , and I was like no they don't , after this girl left the room , I was like if you are not 100% sure of what you are saying don't say it around me cause I am the type of asshole to put you on blast . ( Not sure if I should have told you that , cause I guess it admits a lot about me * shrug *) 
LOL I have notice my statuses sometimes come in the a set of consecutive non-sequitur statements . Once again * Shrug * 
Sometimes if u hear me say I was thinking you might not like wha follows 
Some days some people look really sexy 
The Best Day in Grizzly Basketball History is 1.7 seconds away form being a reality !!!! 
Damn Spurs why won't you die ? 
Everyone needs a bubbler 
FU < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , ur only prolonging the inevitable . 
My taste in music is very non-sequitur , in fact i guess I am non-sequitur in general , sounds like a tattoo idea ! 
Ways you know I am not a real smoker : I have one lighter and I have never lost it lol 
Can't believe females actually watched that wedding , but then again I guess weddings aren't really for guys anyway . 
1min till the dream becomes a reality : Grizzlies first playoff series win !!!! 
Yeah !!! They said it couldn't be done !!!!!!! The Grizzlies win their first playoff game , first playoff home game , and their series . Lets Go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
A sight for sore eyes , Linux how I missed thee .... 
When I grow my beard out at some point it starts to get so grimey to the point that by time i shave it off i have messed around and forgot how handsome I am . 
Continuing from my prior status even scarier about < PROPFIRST > Ridgeway is that he only had an IQ of 82 yet somehow manage to kill all those women . I mean imagine if he was smarter he might have never been caught ... 
The Grizzlies are serious !!! 
Who would have thought Zach < PROPMALE > was a franchise player ? 
Just so you know it wasn't a fluke , better come with your A game when you play Memphis cause weak shit just ain't gonna fly round here . Lets Goooooo !!!! 
Between XV-Zero Heroes and Big K . R . I . T . - Return of 4eva I am all set with some good ole fashion hip hop . 
Driving around in LA you quickly realized that either people have no place to go or they have no idea how to get there . 
Its the return of 4eva 
I wear so much black that if I wasn't black then I would probably be confused for Emo . No I'm serious , If you ever see me dressed in pink , neon green , yellow , or some crazy pattern , ask me some questions only i would know , because you might be talking to an alien pod . 
Does < PROPFIRST > Mosely like getting beat up ? First < PROPMALE > Mayweather , Now Manny Pacquiao ? By time Mosely is done fighting they will be calling him Bitter < PROPFIRST > instead of Sugar < PROPFIRST > . 
I love my team #GrizzAllDay 
< PROPFIRST > Westbrook looks like an ass ! 
GrizzAllDay !!!!!! 
If you call me the whitest black person you know I take that as a compliment , cause it means I am an enigma that contradicts expectations . It means you cant identify my color cause i am neither white nor black , i am more of the gray shade of humanity . 
Being able to write poetry is nice because no matter how much money you have in your pocket you always have a gift to give 
If anybody is up for to watch a freaky totally bizarre movie then check out < PROPFEMALE > Sangre on Netflix 
Had dreams of doing things they I said couldn't do , cause everything ain't black and white unless you chew bamboo 
People say sky's the limit , nah not for me I have higher ambitions in mind 
Okay I am sorry , I don't know where people got this from but adding . com to the end of things is not cool . 
Now that the Lakers are out of the playoffs , there is plenty of room on the Grizzlies bandwagon . #JustSaying 
Sun Drop is definitely Mountain Dew , idk who they think they are fooling . 
This is not a riddle , i just wonder how many people know the answer : What does a building with numerous broken windows say about the building ? 
If you ain't watching this Memphis game you are missing possibly the best game of the playoffs 
Random Fact : < PROPFIRST > R . Ford's birth name is < PROPFIRST > Lynch < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
I haven't listen Eminem's \Kill You\ " in a long time but this some of tha new generation post-modern < PROPMALE > that your parents won't get . " 
The first three letters of my last name may be N-W-A , but I have never been one to yell out FUCK THA POLICE , because should I ever have to call 911 I hope they answer me . 
Nope this roller coaster ride ain't over yet ... GrizzAllDay 
< PROPMALE > Perkins never never ever ever commits a foul lol 
Well Grizzlies , it was nice run , can really be mad at the effort . Its still GrizzliesAllDay 
So the 405 is crawling so here comes a rant 
The topic is haters 
\If you dont have any haters you ain't doing right\ " idk sounds like something a hater would say lol " 
 ? _Apparently the arithmetic to figure how many haters you have is you take the number of haters you actually have and multiply it by a thousand , cause the 
 ? _ way people talk about their haters got me like are u picking them from a tree or something ? 
Dog the Bounty Hunter : \ 
Beth : You need to stay away from him\ 
Girl : But he is a good guy\ 
Beth : But he beats you everday\ 
Girl : Not everyday\ 
Beth : Every other day\ 
Girl : No\ 
Wow !!! Smh 
People aren't food , you can't just store them away in the fridge until you're hungry , but if you insist on doing so , don't be surprised if when you finally are hungry , somebody else has already eaten your food . 
Ain't no I in team , but there's an I in win 
Time will tell , but for now I'm washing my hands . Idk weird fucking year and its only the 5th month . Kinda feeling like I wanna rewind two years back or fast forward two years forward . 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Project a good movie in format , difficult to watch because of content . Def some over the top shit , and at the end movie I am def like who was really at fault here ? Cause it could def be argued that she is far more than he is . 
My windows phone is hella cool but ( in a whiny voice ) I wanna be on team Android . 
Where's the uproar from PETA over the treatment of lab rats ? Do only the cute and cuddly animals get their attention ? 
If you say \I am not racist but ... \ " or \ " I don't mean to be racist ... \ " It means you are about to try to say something racist and get away with it . lol " 
If politics were simply a matter of problem solving , truly trying to do the best for the country , I would make a good politician because I tend to have a knack for problem solving ( though ironically not when it comes to problems within my own life ) . 
< PROPFIRST > is going to work , starting to look like the Matrix again 
Its funny the medicine that cures the ailing soul could be sitting in plain view and yet people will search for the poison that brings heartache . 
Is anybody else's netflix not working ? 
Its nothing out the ordinary , this is what we do , my team so strong I feel sorry for you . -Prodigy 
Sometimes no matter how much I want to procrastinate , a poem persists on existing and I have to write it . 
Funniest sex scene ever : MacGruber 
United States is looking real lost without < PROPMALE > Donovan .... yeah their looking real American(as it relates to soccer ) right now . 
Wow United States Soccer ! Not even one goal ? Haha remind me of the Lakers lol 0-4 
< PROPFIRST > Wolfe UFC TUF 14 Coaches < PROPFIRST > Bisping & < PROPFIRST > \Mayhem\ " Miller !!!! I can't wait to see that fight finally someone is gonna fuck up Bisping . " 
Is Lebron even on the court ? This is Dwyane < PROPMALE>'s team Lebron is just on for the ride . 
Facebook is ummm .... Idk people be hella postin shit , that have me asking what the fuck do you mean that ? 
I def feel like females expect way more from men then men do from females . 
Who is watching UFC on Facebook ? 
i sometimes have a difficult time differentiating between what i have done in my dreams and what I have actually done in reality . 
< PROPMALE > I don't know where your shot went , but u need to find that shit , idk holds hands with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > or something . 
Lets go < PROPFIRST > !!!! < PROPMALE > , you are welcome to join this game at any time . 
Hell yeah < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > nice to see u show up 
Watching Night of the Living Dead ( 1968 ) and I think I just saw one of the original woman in distress being chased slips and fall scenes . 
Hey Night of the Living Dead is good movie , a cool little social commentary . 
I'm not violent but if i find the person the who designed these new Hennessy ads I am going to punch him in the jaw ( and if its a woman , then i will give her a stern tongue-lashing , and not the good kind ) . Black people if you understand what I mean by the term pseudo-classy , then stop drinking Hennessy , if you don't understand what i mean then disregard this message . 
When people respond to my randomness with randomness I get confused lol 
A couple of things this morning : First , I have realized that the only emotion that my demeanor often skews or hides is when I am happy . 
Second , one way you know I am an English < PROPMALE > is the fact that despite what the dictionary and popular opinion assert , I am pretty sure the word quixotic should be pronounced Kee-Ho-Tick instead of Quik-Satik . Why ? The word quixotic is derived from < PROPMALE > Quixote , and anyone who knows there Spanish pronunciations knows Quixote is pronounced Kee-Ho-Tay . That is all . 
Does anybody watch MMA ? 
< PROPMALE > Masvidal after just beating KJ Noons to a bloody pulp : \When God's on your side you can do anything . \ " Motherfucker wha ? " 
Umm yeah ... The movie Easy A makes no fucking sense , she wears a < PROPFEMALE > Letter like < PROPFEMALE > Prynne because she did wha exactly ? 
Whenever Waka Flocka Flame says something even semi-clever I am happy for him the way a parent is happy for an infant taking its first steps . 
Who wants to do some salvia ? 
Wow I just realized why the movie \The Box\ " is such a bad movie cause it is def based on a 1986 episode of the Twilight Zone . I mean the 30 < PROPFEMALE > episode has scenes that verbatim in the movie . " 
Weed smokers , idk i have been reading that bongs and water pipes don't filter out as much tar as we think it does , it just cools the smoke . I have been thinking , when you blow bubbles in water the carbon dioxide doesn't turn water all fizzy , because the bubbles encase the gas so very little carbon dioxide actually touches the surface of the water . Anyone who follows what i am saying comment . 
Who has seen I Saw the Devil ? If you haven't please don't give me no God or Devil shit cause thats not what its about . 
NBA Draft is today !!!! 
Who is watching this draft and can tell me what the fuck is going on ? Nikola Vucevic really ? 
You the < PROPMALE > to my Batman , yeah thats right you my Butler , I'm flying Mile High , you sideline sad , < PROPFIRST > Cutler . Somebody close the shutters I am tired of all the Flashes , Fuck Yusain Bolt I'm < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > while you moving like Molasses 
Had some very interesting conversations about humanity , technology , United States , and the World with some old-school < PROPFEMALE > Beach natives . I have found they are always a excellent source of good conversation . 
Webcams , like most things technological these days , are an opportunity for communication as well as a < PROPMALE > to share some foolishness with the world . 
\My ambition is handicapped by my laziness \"- Bukowski " 
It's better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you are not . - < PROPMALE > Cobain , 
Woke up this morning feeling like Poe , under the floorboards I found a harvest i did not sow . A old tree rooted in my heart bore fruits of pure serene , a silent alarm waking me to a dream within a dream . 
IDK if anybody watches boxing anymore so this is probably a reach .... < PROPFIRST > Haye you are a disgrace . 
Cause they know where you live and they see what you drive and they say they gonna put one in your helmet , cause you brag bout that watch and all them things that you got them dirty boys turn your pound cake into red < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Its amazing what a little exfoliation can do for your complexion ... Yeah I exfoliate , and wha ? 
Facebook whats up with the instant messenger ??? 
I'm a throwback back , like old school T-Mac , or better yet flat top < PROPMALE > magic Shaq , I ain't got racks on racks or stacks on stacks but i got bitches with racks thats stacked back to back and they love so much that I don't pay em nothin for that . 
Umm just for the record White singers , always straight , no questions about their sexuality .... Black singers , constantly hounded with rumors of being gay ... 
I think I need more Atheists friends lol 
So I just liked Atheism on the little thing and what pops up next ? Feminism . So what are you trying to say Facebook ? 
Da Brat was in prison ? Wtf 
Parting is such sweet sorrow , especially when the heart grows fonder of a fading image the further away it drifts . 
So this female I know told me i remind of her < PROPFIRST > Eisenberg's character from The Social Network . Two interesting things : 1 . She probably forgot she even said that too me , as subsequent events would suggest . 2 . Although I am sure that the comment was made as an insult ... I don't feel very offended by it anymore . 
I'm a def not a hater just in many cases I would prefer if things were logical , < PROPMALE > Potter THIS MEANS YOU !!! 
Since I am on pop culture today Twilight is a commentary on Vegetarians . 
Just for the record there is nothing natural about tofu . 
Integrity is like a very expensive article of clothing that only you know you are wearing . 
And that right there is the scary thing about love ... 
I am such a headcase , in my dreams there is a logic to the way that i can fly . 
< PROPFIRST > Tosh is too fucking funny , if you don't think so ... 
That awkward moment when you go to post something on someone's < PROPFEMALE > and find out you aren't friends anymore , kind of like finding out you were traded on sportscenter . Womp womp womp . 
The more problems you have the more interesting you are , cause face it no one likes a person who has it all together , idk makes me suspicious , cause serial killers look like they have it all together too . 
I am hardcore atheist however religious vernacular does make it into my speech pattern when other words or concepts just will not do . For instance , the amount of loved ones ( or facebook friends ) someone has , is not a measure of how great of a person they are , because I would guess that there are plenty of people that were loved by many that are sitting in hell . ( You find a secular way of saying that briefly , lol . ) 
< PROPFIRST > the Creator > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , OFWGKTA 
I am sending out invites to Google+ anyone who wants one send ur email to my inbox . Does anybody even know what Google+ is ? 
Most < PROPMALE > is a craft that takes talent in addition to a respect for < PROPMALE > form itself which compels the < PROPMALE > ist to hone their skills and produce the best < PROPMALE > possible . 
Told her i don't really date black chicks , she asked me why , cause y'all be too religious , so I don't really even try . She asked me what are you then , I was starting to lose my < PROPFEMALE > , told her atheist she asked me whats its like to worship Satan . I said excuse me miss ? Come again ? She mumbled under her breath something about all black men .... Haha 
I think you are cool people too , but can we go on more than two dates before you want stake claims on a dude ? 
Despite popular opinion , the number one qualification for being an African American History teacher is not being black . 
For second I was like where is the westcoast in terms of rap music , but now we got Nipsey Hussle , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > the Creator , Dom Kennedy , Kreayshawn(yes really she is at least as good < PROPFEMALE > Minaj ) now if only Lil B would kill himself . 
Everybody go see Warrior , I promise you will not be disappointed its an incredible movie . If you liked the Wrestler you are going to love this movie . 
Don't placate me ... please don't do that shit be real 
Say it ain't so Fedor , say it ain't so ... 
People are jokes , they will write something on facebook then be hella suspicious of you cause you actually read it . Then'll they'll say stupid shit like \how'd you know that ? \"" 
Does anybody use Kik ? 
Thanks to Chiefer Sutherland for putting me on to Asher Roth , bet you didn't know he was an Atheist . Yup might as well join the bandwagon . #TeamAtheist 
Happy B Day Obama !!! Dude man them gray hairs have come in like crazy these past few years , keep your head up . It must be hard to have the nation best interest in mind in the midst of people ruled by their political affiliations . 
This idea that nothing in life needs to be taken seriously , yeah sure whatever . 
2:36 in the morning , and I am on facebook rampage , liking and commenting on hella statuses . 
Idk when everyone became a rap purists , but sometimes when I am driving I want to hear a beat that bumps and catchy hook , the same way sometimes i need to hear some < PROPMALE > Zombie or < PROPFEMALE > Manson . Cause being me ( conceited comment coming in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ) I know that intelligent candor everyday all day can get old fast . 
Sometimes my dreams are intense , and let me know things that bother that i had no idea did . 
I was born back , Wolf pack , nigga fuck that\ 
Somebody tell Satan that I want my fuckin ' swag back- < PROPFIRST > the Creator OFWGKTA 
If I told you how I really felt about stuff , not only would you think i was crazy you would probably hate me . 
People ask why I always have a mean look on face and they rarely see my smile . Today I realized its cause no one gets me . 
Never been a yes man , never will be . 
If you say you are only attracted to one ethnicity you are either a racist , unexposed , or just dumb idk . 
I feel some kind of way about a lot of things . ( thanks captain obvious right ? ) 
WTF is a hipster ????? 
Females , smh , y'all want it all don't you ? Idk at least men are realistic . 
I swear swagger and swag have been in the dictionary for years but people act like they just heard that word for the first time yesterday . 
Y'all little niggas better check my French . 
I grow weary of this topic ... 
Friends ! How many of us have them ? 
One day my nueroticism will be the death of me 
Yeah so the movie Circumstance , amazing , authentic , and for a two hour moving had me saying at the end oh its over like tha ? 
if you don't watch foreign films you suck ... sry you do . 
Three types of people : Those that go with flow and let their environment dictate their reality , Those that join the the status quo out of fear of going against the grain , and Those the rebel and create their own reality . Which one are you ? 
Its like I always say I don't mean to disagree with you but it very much pleases me that I so often do . 
< PROPFEMALE > Robarge and < PROPMALE > Patterson I used to hear you guys rave about this guy name Dom Kennedy , now i don't know Dom Kennedy's there are but the one i heard is nothing special . 
How do you feel about this quote :\ 
You must have the devil in you to succeed in of any of the arts\ 
-Voltaire 
WARNING : ATHEIST RHETORIC APPROACHING ! ( cause every now i think i am entitled a little bit ) 
OMFG Voltaire is my new hero :\ 
“God is a comedian , playing to an audience too afraid to laugh . ”\ 
“It is hard to free fools from the chains they revere . ”\ 
“Christianity is the most ridiculous , the most absurd , and bloody religion that has ever infected the world”\ 
“As long as people believe in absurdities they will continue to commit atrocities”\ 
“Many are destined to reason wrongly ; others , not to reason at all , and others to persecute those who reason” 
Hey !!!!! Shout outs to the < PROPFIRST > the Creator for winning best new artist !!!!! 
Who has seen the movie Pretty Persuasion ? 
< PROPFIRST > Vick's ultimate redemption : $100 million , Money In The Bank 
Which brings me to my next point PETA fuck you for what you did to < PROPFIRST > Vick . 3 Years is fucking ridiculous . I love dogs too but they are not human face it . Self-righteous ... 
Does anybody know anything about cars ? 
Random Flashback : I only took < PROPMALE > because you , < PROPFEMALE > Aniya , and even though I had to suffer through days of not being able to copy my friends homework cause they all took Spanish . It was fun to learn about a new culture , and I got a trip to < PROPMALE > y out of it . Thanks . 
When did everybody become a hip hop elitist ? I mean we can all agree that Lil B , Soulja Boy , Waka Flocka ( even though I am fan ) and < PROPFEMALE > Minaj suck ( sorry < PROPFEMALE > Budagyan and apparently every female on the planet ) . Idk but just cause some people say someone is good , doesn't mean when I listen to the music that I am going to think they are good . 
I think some things are redundant , any combination of words , < PROPFIRST > , and symbols on your license plate that essentially says God Loves Me is pretty redundant . I mean i could have swore I thought God loves everybody . In which case you might as well put I am human , or i have eyes on your license plate since you decided to play Captain Obvious 
OMG hip hop is so ridiculous who cares who listened to who first . People are really like oh i been listening to < PROPFIRST > the Creator way before the VMA's . And ? So ? Big muthafucking whoop . Get something real to measure your life by , smfh . 
The only time i ever look things up in the bible is to disprove its legitimacy , it my number one source . lol 
Damn so now they giving away moving screening passes on twitter gonna force me to be logging all the time to see the movies i want to see . * shaking my fist * damn you twitter !! 
I am hella mad that even a semi-lyrical female rappers impresses me , cause you rarely find that anymore . 
The fact scarves are a fashion staple in LA is fucking hilariously ironic . 
Some women have an grace undeniable , perfect stride in stilettos , perfect switch of the hips . Yet some women make walking look difficult . 
I hide my tears from the crowd , by smiling . I gotta spend my money so they can see me styling . I won't let them see how you brought me down . I do my crying all alone , the tears fall down , fall down . -Smoked Sugar 
Tell your bitch to stop complaining about her achy tits , body is < PROPFEMALE > I don't give a fuck I'm atheist . - < PROPMALE > Sweatshirt 
Me and Berman swerving in the jeep I'm a nice guy in person but a pervert in the sheets . - < PROPMALE > Sweatshirt 
I am in a perpetual state of disarray much like bedroom 
If there is anyway to say this without being insensitive to those that were affected by 9/11 . It has been ten years still we have this memorial to reinject us with all the emotion we felt on that day . Do you know what the preservation of fear is ? Maybe cause it didn't affect me i can say this but i am over this constant promotion of making sure we remember 9/11 . I think there are more significant events in our history worthy of this type memorial . You probably disagree but thats nothing new . 
Yo fuck Mcnabb bring in Ponder . I hate McNabb that fool can snatch victory from the Jaws of defeat . Grrr !!!!! Get of mf nerves . 
Can't be 100% but i might have been wrong about Cam < PROPMALE > , idk what he did during but apparently they taught him how to throw to a receiver , namely < PROPMALE > Smith . In other news < PROPFIRST > Kolb had pretty good game 
Does anyone watch MMA ? Anyone at all ? 
< PROPMALE > Mayweather is a bitch !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mayweather is a bitch !!!!!!!! 
Oh yeah and Mayweather is bitch !!!!!!!! 
If you haven't heard Mayweather is officially a bitch !!!!!!!!!! 
I can't believe what i just watched , sooo fucking disappointed . 
There are rules within in the rules of sports , in basketball you don't untie your opponents laces while you are standing waiting for a free throw to be shot , its not against the rules but its just not proper sportsmanship . 
I am lol that the justification for a suckerpunch is a headbutt . Whatever helps you rep ur dude Got A Lot of Money but Not A Lot of Class Mayweather . 
Damn I was totally wrong about Cam < PROPMALE > , I am kind of upset about how off I was . 
i think i might get a tattoo of the symbol for Naira , if you don't what that is don't worry about it . 
Wow Vikings really ? really ? really ? 
Idk I like to think that for the most part I am a good friend , always looking out for my friends and what not and yet still ... 
Facebook you never fail to umm ... you never fail to jar and disconcert just when I start to get comfortable 
How do i tell you that you suck as friend . 
So I am facebooking and see statuses from some of my friends that say this Repost if u love God ... if not , keep scrollin ' . I don't need to be told to scroll past your Goddie ridiculousness but if you want to play we can play lol . 
Repost this if you aren't afraid to tell the world you think there's no God ... if not keep scrolling . 
Do they make rock mixtapes ? 
To see \ 
To bleed \ 
Cannot be taught \ 
In turn \ 
You're making us \ 
Ohhhh Fucking hostile \ 
I love Pantera , that straight heavy metal rock shit , picture me rollin through Inglewood blasting \Fucking Hostile \"." 
Anyone who wants to see a screening of Real Steel on Tuesday 7:30 get at me 
I'm not going to change the way I look or feel to conform to anything . I've always been a freak\ 
So I've been an a freak all my life , and I have to live with that\ 
I am one of those people . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > es and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > twins separated at birth ? 
The Buffalo Bills are ... for real ???? 
< PROPFIRST > Fitzpatrick for MVP ??? 
Your hobby is what my passion is . 
< PROPFEMALE > Belluci > than any living actress you know 
Fuck it I am feeling like an atheist rant or actually cause I am not allowed to do that , ( atheist have to keep their thoughts to themselves ) . I will just make an atheist statement . Given the choice to be any religion I wanted , I would never in a million years choose to believe in the exact same God as the people who enslaved my ancestors . It is for that reason that Blacks overwhelming faith in God completely baffles me . Enslave my people , shame on you , convince me there is God that had a plan for this to happen , shame on me . 
Want to stay on my good side ? Never mention the word devil or evil to me i really don't want to fucking hear that bull shit . The only evil in the world is the present in the hearts of man . Devil lol give me a fucking break , lol . The Devil who God refuses to kill cause he is so busy listening prayers he hasn't got around to it . Give me a break !!! 
Anyone heard of Paperheart ? 
In response to the argument that if animals talked we wouldn't eat them - Well babies don't talk and we manage not to eat them and they look so delicious especially when they are smothered in that baby sauce . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > LMAO if you are wondering what baby sauce , its baby oil . 
who wants to play words with friends ? 
