a new year brings a new me . 

Gotta pick my brother up from the airport in a few hours . 
It's hot as hell down in the < PROPFIRST > 
Gotta figure out what to do here in Decatur . 
Best Martial Arts movie of the year ? Ninja Assassin hands down . My boy Rain is the shit ! 
im bored as hell and have no money and no glasses so i cant drive FUCK !!!!!!!!!! 
Cant wait until it gets warm again ... not used to the cold anymore , damn . 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸Vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „Vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! COPY AND PASTE ! GO VIKINGS !!!! 
Happy Monday Facebook Peeps 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Facebook 
Getting ready for New Years ! 
Happy New Year ! Hope 2011 is great for all . It will be for me . 12 months till my wedding !!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready for work ......... have 0 mins on my phone but call anyway if you need me and leave a message . 
I'm 24 today !! Yay another year older and still sexy lmao 
Lovin life right now 
Enjoying life right now . Trying to learn how to play < PROPMALE>'s bass guitar . It's kinda hard but I'm learning how to play Iron Man lol . 
I'm glad I'm workin now but gettin home at 1am when I close is shitty . 
My dog's water broke , she's gonna have her puppies really soon ! Yay ! I'm gonna be a grandma lmao 
So far she has had 6 puppies , 4 girls and 2 boys . All of them but 1 are black . The other is brown . I'll have pics up tonight or tomorrow !!! 
the runt of the litter just died about 10 mins ago . Poor little girl wasnt alive not even 24 hrs . 
Cillin infront of the A/C with my dog Rollie . It's supposed to be in the upper 80's down in the < PROPFIRST > 
Hope all the mother's on my friends list had a great day ! 
So , < PROPFIRST > talked to my dad and got his blessing in asking to marry me . Guys take note , asking the father frist is a great way to get in good with the future in-laws lol . Date set for December 11th , 2010 . If you want an invite and are willing to travel to St. < PROPFIRST > around that time message me your info and I'll mail you an invite . Here's to a new beginning ... 
Just got back from fishing , it was so much fun and very relaxing . Caught like 6 fish ! Too bad they weren't big enough to eat lol 
When everything feels like it's spinning out of control like a car on black ice just through your hands up and say jesus take the wheel 
I love my wedding dress ! Everytime I see it my face lights up lol I can't wait to marry my baby < PROPMALE > ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the men in my life . To my dad and brother : I love you 2 so much . Sometimes it seemed I had 2 dads growing up but i wouldn't be who I am without your guidance . \ 
To my grandfathers , may u rest in peace , I never really got a < PROPMALE > to get to know you two all that well but I love you both and I miss you like crazy . Without you two I literally wouldn't be here lol . You both gave me great parents . 
In Decatur w/ my man and my family kickin it !! Happy 31st birthday to my big bro BJ . 
Somethin's wrong with me . I think I actually might like that song Bruh Bruh by Plies . Lmao i think cuz its so stupid that it just grew on me . Cuz this is the dumbest song I've ever heard . Proving once again you aint gotta say shit to sell records . 
Cant wait to see everyone today !!! 
sucks not having the internet . Hopefully i can get this job at AutoZone so I can get it turned back on . 
Got a new phone 
Whats there to get into tonite ? 
Goodnight FB 
Gone fishin ... \ 
DarkLadyNiteWolf 
caught a little bass but other than that i was just feeding em lol\ 
Ravens beat jets 10 to 9 
Taking a nap ... 
Watching Blood : The Last Vampire 
Lets go Viks ! 
Come on Vikes what are you doing ? Still 2 mins left you can do it ! 
I might like the new 32 Bus route . Its going right where I need to go 
man this dad was being hella condescending to his kids . no wonder his lil girl couldnt figure out her math problem . i wouldnt be able to concentrate if I was her either . But it aint my place to say nothin so i wont 
Goodnight facebook 
Gotta be at work at 5:45 in the morning yay ! Lol 
So happy to be off of work 
Goodmorning FB ! Another day at work . See you guys when i get off . \ 
~ Tabby ~ 
Happy birthday to my nephew Lil Baron ! Auntie loves you and hates she's not up there with you . \ 
üTabbyü 
Well , down to one puppy the mom and now i have my grandpa's dog Polo . 
Had fun today . Went down to warrenton , mo to take < PROPMALE>'s daughter trick or treating . She had a blast and we got a bag full of < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Finally got the car paid off\ 
My future brother in law found out his gf is having a lil girl im so happy for them . now lets hope the baby has a normal name lol 
I'm bored so here's a question for people that know me : What is the fondest memory you have of me ? 
champagne 
getting ready to make some apple pies for tomorrow 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone . It has always been a tradition with my family to say what we are thankful for and since you all are my fam as well what are you thankful for ? \ 
I am thankful to be alive and I'm thankful for having such a great guy in my life and having wonderful parents without them I wouldn't be here . 
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving . I did it was awesome . And if you ever get a < PROPMALE > to have real cranberry sauce i suggest you try it its fuckin awesome ! 
Chillin with my family drinkin and laughin my ass off at my mom's sister and my daddy's brother 
What's up FB fam ! Happy friday ! 
My baby < PROPMALE > has the flu . Gotta nurse him back to health . 
Life's a bitch then you die , so fuck the world and lets get high 
one more month and we will have been together 1 full year ! I can't believe this year has flown by so quickly . Love you < PROPMALE > !!! 
ugh i hate being sick . It sucks , and its snow outside and i cant go play in it cuz im sick . :( 
finally getting ova this cold ! So happy ^.^ 
not enough money in the world ....... 
Love is a funny thing . \ 
It can make you strong , \ 
can make you weak . \ 
They say love conquers all . \ 
But will it conquer me ? \ 
Will I play the fool in my own tragedy ? \ 
Or the heroine in a romance fantasy ? \ 
Will I be his < PROPFEMALE > or his prisoner ? \ 
His confidante or a criminal ? \ 
I guess only time will tale , \ 
since this ship has already set sail . \ 
by me !!! 
nite fb kisses 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas FB ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > brought you everything you wanted . 
happy 26th birthday < PROPMALE > . I love you with all my heart ! \ 
Happy anniversary baby . We've come along way in this past year and I look forward to many more years by your side . Love you always . 
just got back from Red Lobster . Had a great dinner . 
Had fun on my anniversary now I'm looking forward to my birthday !!! 
no one loves me my phone hasnt rang in 2 days :( 
alright headed out in this cold ass shit to go to work 
omg it's 8 degrees outside so damn cold\ 
Gotta love this snow lol woke up and was reminded of Minnesota's winters . The dogs are lovin it and me too !!! 
So tell me , have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight ? 
We've got puppies !!! I'll post pics when they're all born . 
Happy birthday daddy , I love you a whole lot . To the people that couldn't come over or call him on his birthday , it's cool whateva he know who care about him . You knew we was having a dinner for him you could have came . 
Steelers and Packers superbowl baby ! Steelers all the way 
happy birthday lil cuz love you 
10 months and 9 days until my wedding I'm so excited !!! 
At 1:19 in the afternoon I made my entrance into this world 25 years ago today . Thank you mom and dad for loving me enough to give me a < PROPMALE > to grow up . Everyone that I have met in my life up to this point has helped shape me into the woman I am today . Thank you to all my friends and family that have sent me birthday wishes . I love you all . 
Is EXPECTING AGAIN !!.... I'M SO EXCITED !!! I had given up but , I'm so glad I didn't!!! God works in mysterious ways !!! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official .. We are expecting * sNoW * today and AGAIN tomorrow ! 
Had a ball last night kicked it wit the fam and friends . Thanks for comin out and helpin celebrate my birthday love ya'll . NOW time for that Black and Yellow pride . Lets get it in Steelers !!! 
Steelers all the way baby lets get it\ 
i dont care still a steelers fan . Congrats Green Bay 
why the fuck you gotta pay court costs if you pay the damn ticket before you go to court ??? bastards just money fuckin hungry #greedypigs 
for my frontierville friends : planted some clovers they should be withered within an hour i think so you can at least get 5 for the kissing tree mission 
Just got back from The Junkyard Bar & Grill . Had fun and kicked it with my guy and my aunt . 
Have a great friday fb fam ! Love ya =) 
At work making that money 
The best thing to do when youre mad and at home by yourself is to clean . It's a great stress reliver #cleanhouse 
They say mo money mo problems but not having it is a lot worse #notenoughmoney 
Finally got my laptop fixed soooooooo happy 
I'd like to take this time out to wish a very special person Happy Birthday . Grandma if it wasn't for you I wouldn't be here . Literally . lol Because you gave birth to my father I'm here today . I love you so much . 
