Happy New Year !!! 

How the heck does this thing work ? 
I want to thank my Mom and Sis for getting me hooked on this darn computer games website . Thank goodnes I wasted a good deal of my childhood time playing Super Breakout on the Atari . :) 
It sure is dreary and wet here , but far too warm to have snow or ice . 
Whew ! Made it to the weekend and boy do I need a break ! Now if I can just get the guys from work to quit bugging me ... 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !!! 
Getting excited about going skiing !!! 
Back from Vacation at Lake Tahoe . It's going to be really hard to get back in the mindset to be a productive employee tomorrow . YUCK ! At least it'll be a short work week . :) 
Looking for trouble to get into . Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
Hey Everyone !!! I got some great news ! < PROPFIRST > and I are getting married . Yippeee !!! I can't wait . 
Whew ! I got the wedding date set for October 16th . Now comes the whirlwind of activity trying to get everything ready . 
Just realized today that the dove that I rescued has a severe foot fetish . He likes them toes . 
Children with Special Needs only want what we all want , to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little differently 
I'm finally Open Water Dive Certified ! Whoo hooo !!!! :) 
thinking it sure would be nice to sleep in my own bed . I'm back from my honeymoon in Jamaica . I had an AWESOME time . Didn't get to do as much SCUBA diving as I orininally planned , but still had fun with all of the other activities . ya mon , it was irie . Pictures will be posted soon . ( at least those I'm willing to share . ) 
Laundry , laundry and more laundry . Why'd I have to pack so much clothes on my trip ?!!! 
extremely saddened by the loss of a dear friend . RIP < PROPFIRST > Haseman . You will be sorely missed . 
Finally got around to voting . Luckily I managed to sneek in there when there was only one person in line . Awesome ! I have developed a dislike for standing in lines . Next year I'm doing the early voting , unless there's a long line . 
Wondering what the heck my hubby is doing over at his computer . Some strange bleepy noises are coming from that direction with an occasional \yeee ha ! \ " Kind of disturbing . " 
Just spent the entire night going through all of my application and game requests . Whew ! I didn't realize they'd piled up on me . It said I only have 99 of them . :) 
Weare asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
We finally got our wedding pictures !!! < PROPFIRST > is posting them to our website : http://polymath.endofinternet.org/wedding/pics.html 
Okay , that's a little premature . < PROPFIRST > is working to get them loaded to the website . Not there just yet ... 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! I am truely blessed to have such wonderful friends . Love you . <3 
Remember this Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back and for those still serving in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost this as your status to show your respect . 
