Happy 2010 ! I hope that this year will bring better health , happiness and jobs to all of my friends and family . 

Two reunions this week with childhood friends thanks to FB : meeting my best friend from high school , < PROPFEMALE > , tonight for dinner and my old camp friend < PROPFEMALE > Thursday at the shore . Life is good ! 
Lots of home improvements in the next two weeks . New sink , faucet and electrical outlets being installed tonight , lots of painting ( 4 rooms ) to be done next week . Still trying to clean out the two spare bedrooms to make room for my tenants . Whew ! 
A friend just offered me his extra ticket to see < PROPFIRST > McCartney live at Citi Field this Saturday . Thanks , < PROPMALE > ! Woo hoo !!!!!!!!! 
Just finished painting the bedrooms and bathroom . More exhausting than a workout at the gym . I don't want to do this again for at least 10 years - eesh ! 
All of the home improvements are finally done ! I'm going to soak up the sun by the pool tomorrow . I need to recuperate ! 
I'll be visiting my brother < PROPMALE > in California in 2 weeks . I can't wait to see him ! 
Two days until California .... still packing . I can't wait to go !!! 
California , here I come ! Not thrilled about waking up 4AM tomorrow , though ..... ugh ! 
I'm in San < PROPMALE > visiting my Yoville friends JoJo and Squigit ! 
We're soooo spoiled by this California weather ! 
We're spending this afternoon at < PROPFEMALE>'s house for a pool party and bbq - meeting more Yoville friends in person ! Then out with my brother < PROPMALE > for our last night in Cali ! 
Back to reality ... sigh ! California was wonderful , but it's great to be back home in NJ ! 
Going to see the movie ' < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>' in another hour . I hope it's good - one of my friends recommended it ! 
Heading to the pool in a few minutes .... can't believe it closes tomorrow . Where has this summer gone ? 
We spent the evening with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > and her husband < PROPFIRST > ! Loved the hot dogs and chocolate cake ! 
Booked my Beatlefest rooms for next year ! Luckily , there were no problems this time ! 
Going to the usual Friday night ballroom social at Brandis Dance Theater . I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with my friends tonight and dance away the blues - this rain is a real mood-killer ! 
Had a great time at Dance Manhattan and learned < PROPFEMALE > Swing Out and Charleston steps ! We then went to Regional Thai on 7th Avenue and 22nd Street for a delicious dinner ! Now it's time to veg ! 
Had 3 hours of Rumba , Fox Trot and Salsa dance lessons tonight . Tomorrow I'll have 2 hours of Cha Cha and Salsa lessons , Wednesday is an Argentine Tango milonga iwith < PROPMALE > n Red Bank , Thursday is country dancing at the Whiskey Cafe and Friday is the dance social at Brandis Dance Theater . Yikes ! Dance overload !!! 
Remind me never to eat turkey before taking dance lessons . The tryptophan in the turkey made me really drowsy - I almost fell asleep in the class ! 
Meeting some Beatlefest friends at Rivara's in Fair Lawn for karaoke . Yeah , yeah , yeah !!! 
Just got back from a great anniversary party at Rhythm In Shoes in Boonton . Five hours of nonstop dancing ! Now it's time to soak my feet - owwwwwwwwwww !!! 
I have my first rehearsal tonight with Cantabile Chamber Chorale . Looks like I passed the audition !!! :) 
Thanks , everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon would have been 69 today . He still remains as one of the most influential musicians in the world . I hope people will take a minute or two of silence in remembrance of him . 
Had my first facial peel today . Owwwwwwwww !!! 
Participated in the CROP walk this afternoon to raise money to fight world hunger . Six < PROPMALE > walking through Piscataway with friends . What a perfect day for the walk - low 60s and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) Keep it going . 
Going dancing tonight at Battista Dance Studio in Hackensack , then up early tomorrow morning to sing ! I guess I'm not getting too much sleep tonight ! :) 
Another 70 degree day ! I love Indian Summer ! 
Remembering my grandfather who served in WWII in the Navy . He died last year at the age of 89 . I have the utmost respect for anyone who has ever served our country . Happy Veterans Day ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends !! Be sure to post on my < PROPFEMALE > how we met ! 
Wishing all of my friends and family a happy Thanksgiving ! This is a time to reflect on the blessings in our lives ( instead of focusing on our losses ) . I am grateful for everyone's support throughout this year ! 
Proudly boycotted Black Friday today . Didn't go shopping at all ! Spent a productive afternoon at the gym and went to a party tonight ! 
didn't need a coat today ! 
Had 5 hours of 3 different choir rehearsals plus a performance with Cantabile in the afternoon , so I'm relaxing with sushi and some blueberry wine at home ! Tomorrow is the full winter concert with Cantabile Chamber Chorale , so I need to get some rest tonight - no dancing for a change ! 
Sang at my first winter concert with Cantabile Chamber Chorale this afternoon . It was quite a different perspective singing in the concert instead of sitting in the audience watching . Everyone loved the performance ! Best part was getting the \thumbs up\ " from < PROPMALE > after we sang the two Kenyan songs - I guess we didn't mangle the lyrics after all !!! :) " 
It's hard to believe that it's been 29 years since < PROPFIRST > Lennon was tragically murdered . The world still mourns the loss of such a gifted musician . 
Sang in the Christmas cantata today . It was fun but a lot of work ! Had delicious Filipino food tonight at my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Now it's time to relax with my Sweetie ! 
Heading into NYC in a few minutes . The Swing dance at the Whiskey Cafe was cancelled , but < PROPMALE > found a place in NYC ( Iguana on 54th St. ) that has a dance tonight ! We did not want to be snowbound for 2 days in a row - cabin fever was starting to set in ........ 
Going to the 11:00 candlelight service tonight . This is my favorite service of the year : a time to feel the peace and love that Jesus brought into the world . 
Wishing all of my friends a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! May peace , love and joy remain with you today and throughout the year . 
Woke up to snow ..... ugh . < PROPMALE > and I still plan to go dancing tonight - it would take a blizzard to stop us from going out !!! 
Wishing all of my friends and family a happy New Year ! Let's put 2010 behind us and move forward with anticipation of a better year ahead ! 
Turquoise ! 
< PROPFEMALE > green . 
is going retro !!! 
I sang to a snowman under your bed because I'm NOT crazy ! 
Had a very busy weekend : dancing Saturday and Sunday , plus sang at a MLK event at the North Stelton AME Church Sunday afternoon . Went to sushi with < PROPMALE > for lunch , vegged all afternoon , now heading to the gym for a late workout ! 
MIDDLE NAME ONLY .... Everyone play this game . You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy & paste this to your status 
We just saw The Book of < PROPMALE > . Wow . Highly recommended ! 
Baby it's c-c-cold outside !!! 
Keep it going .... What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Look it up at thisdayinmusic.com/birthdayno1 Copy and paste this with your #1 song . What was the #1 song the day of your 16th birthday ? Look it up then copy and paste this to your profile including your song -- The #1 song on the day I was born was ' Oh Pretty Woman ' by < PROPFIRST > Orbison . The #1 song when I turned 16 was ' Another One Bites the Dust ' by < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The storm finally started , about 10 minutes after my post last night . So far , about five inches . 
Going to the State Theater this afternoon to see an opera ( < PROPFIRST > ) with friends , then rooting for the Saints tonight ! :) 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day from < PROPFEMALE > O'Silverstein . I have the right to celebrate : green's my favorite color and < PROPFEMALE > is an < PROPFEMALE > name ! 
3 days until Beatlefest !!! :) Getting my tambourine arm warmed up ......... 
is sick .... :( 
I won't be on Facebook until Monday night - leaving in 2 hours for Beatlefest ! Let's hope my voice can handle all the singing . I'm still not feeling 100% better , but I'll get by with a little help from my friends !!! 
Just got back from Beatlefest . The weekend started out wonderfully and then disaster struck : dozens of musicians who paid an extra night for the hotel rooms for the sole purpose of playing music for one last night were forced by the Crowne Plaza management to cease playing at 12:30 , less than half and hour after we started . We normally play until 4 or 5 AM . Lots of dissatisfied friends/musicians ............ 
To all of my Beatlefest friends , thanks again for a wonderful weekend of jamming together ! I miss you already .......... 
Happy Easter everyone ! Christ is risen indeed ! 
Let me tell you how it will be . There's one for you , 19 for me .............. 
We had a great time at the Whiskey Cafe ! The band played a wondeful tribute to Count Basie and Duke Ellington . Loved the music ! 
Cantabile's Spring Concert was a success last night ! Thanks to everyone who came to hear us perform ! 
So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . 
is going to the Met to see Tosca tonight !!! 
Just got back from NYC . Tosca was wonderful ! It was a perfect night for the opera ! Photos to follow ....... 
How much would someone have to pay you to drive 105 < PROPMALE > one way for a par t-t ime job ? Would anyone even do it ? Please be honest , FB friends ! 
Remembering my mother who passed away in 1985 at the young age of 42 . For my friends who still have mothers , please < PROPFEMALE > them - life is never the same once they're gone ! 
< PROPMALE > and I are leaving tomorrow morning to attend the Stardust Dance weekend in upstate NY . Three days of ballroom/swing/latin dance workshops and open social dancing at the beautiful Honor's Haven resort . Woo hoo !!! 
Happy 4th of July everyone ! We're going to watch the < PROPFEMALE>'s fireworks from the comfort of my air conditioned house . It's too hot to go outside ! :P 
has to learn to sing a duet within the next 4 days ! 
is hoping for a week filled with good news ! 
is very happy !!! 
If you have a wonderful man , who works hard to care for you , do anything for you , makes you laugh , is your best friend , wants to grow old with you , will pick you up when you're down , is your world & someone you're thankful for , post this to your status , give the good men the recognition they deserve , great men are few and far between , and I have one ! 
is painting the master bathroom today ! 
is celebrating her Sweetie's birthday today !!! 
is visiting a sick friend today . 
is going to Brandis's dance social tonight at Touch Dancing in < PROPMALE > . 
An hour at the gym and then 3 hours of Cha Cha , Salsa and Hustle lessons . Whew ! I'm glad to be home . 
I received a friend request today from someone who's not from EB , doesn't have any mutual friends , doesn't play Yoville ; nothing in common . Needless to say , I ignored his request . Isn't it creepy when total strangers want to be \friends\ " with you ? These cyber-stalkers need to get a life ! " 
has a new roommate !!! ? 
Going to lunch in Paramus with my cousin < PROPFEMALE > ! We haven't seen each other in 20 years . FB is so amazing ; it's helped me to reunite with her as well as dozens of old friends ! 
didn't get the job .............. :( 
is going Swing dancing with < PROPMALE > tonight at Pier 54 in NYC !!! :) 
We're going Swing dancing at the Whiskey Cafe tonight !!! 
I had to delete someone from my friend list today . There are certain comments that should NEVER make to me , especially if they're sexual - and DEFINITELY if they're racial . A line was crossed and there's no turning back . Some people have NO decency or respect . Just venting ............ 
< PROPMALE > wants to do something this evening that doesn't involve dancing . Any suggestions other than the movies ? Keep it clean , folks ................. ;-) 
We're going to Brandis's dance social tonight . It will be great to surround ourselves with positive people ! 
Going for a walk with my Sweetie this afternoon , then dinner , probably at our local Thai restaurant . I wish we had weather like this every day ! 
is about to go to sleep . Just got back from a country dance event in Livingston . < PROPMALE > survived learning how to Two Step ! < PROPFEMALE > haw ! ;-) 
We're having a thunderstorm in Piscataway . It's very soothing listening to the falling rain ! 
Another perfect day .... sunny , low humidity , in the ' 70s . I love this time of the year ! 
What a busy day : choir rehearsal in the morning , errands to run in the afternoon , then dancing at Rhythm In Shoes in Boonton tonight ! 
Looking forward to a fun , busy weekend ! Going to see a country band Saturday night , then into NYC on Sunday for a pre-birthday treat from my Sweetie ! <3 
Thanks , everyone for all of the wonderful birthday wishes . It may be raining outside , but my heart is filled with sunshine today ! Much love to all of my FB friends ! 
I refuse to associate with negative people . Luckily , none of my current FB friends fall into that category ! 
Strawberry Fields . Nothing is real ..................... 
' 80s week . Everyone change their profile pic to one taken in the 1980s . It will be a good laugh to see how many of us have changed .... for the worst .... or better !! Change your pic and repost this . 
bought a Halloween costume today ! ;-) 
Went on a 6 mile CROP walk ( in perfect weather ) yesterday to raise money to feed the hungry . Today , we hope to take some fall foliage photos -- it's another beautiful day ! 
is looking forward to Halloween weekend : 2 different costume parties ! 
has a sinus infection :P 
If anyone is interested in tickets , please let me know . I'd love to see more friendly faces in the audience . Come and support my group and the Arts ! \ 
www.cantabilechamberchorale.org 
As of tonight , my Christmas shopping is finished ! Once again , I beat the holiday store madness and finished early . :) 
Change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from when you were a kid . The goal of this game is to not see a human picture on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories until Monday . PLAY AND PASS ALONG 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of my FB friends and family ! \ 
May your stuffing be tasty , may your turkey plump , \ 
May your potatoes and gravy have never a lump . \ 
May your yams be delicious , and your pies take the prize , \ 
And may your Thanksgiving dinner stay off your thighs ! ;-) 
This was a wonderful weekend : we enjoyed dancing last night at Nash ; everyone at church loved our Christmas cantata this morning ; had a productive workout at the gym in the afternoon and had sushi with < PROPMALE > at an all-you-can-eat restaurant tonight in Somerville ( Sushi Palace ) ..... burp !!! 
Stayed up to see the lunar eclipse ! It was incredible , but unfortunately , my camera couldn't capture it . 
Silent night , holy night . All is calm , all is bright ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my friends ! Wishing that the joy and peace of Christmas remains with all of you not just today , but throughout the entire year ahead . 
Crazy blizzard ! Tried to open the door to get another photo and got slammed with a faceful of snow - ick . I'll wait until it stops snowing in the morning before taking more pics ! 
According to the local cable channel , 25 inches fell in < PROPMALE > , which is the town next to us . So , give or take an inch or two , we got about 2 feet of snow in Piscataway ! 
We just got back from NYC ! Met my brother and his girlfriend for dinner and dessert ! <3 
We're going dancing tonight .... weather permitting ! 
Mexican hot chocolate ! Yummmmmmmmm ........ 
Just found out that < PROPFIRST > LaLanne passed away . He inspired millions of people to lead healthier lives and also performed countless feats of strength . Check out his biography at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ < PROPFIRST > _LaLanne . RIP . 
I'm going to run out of unemployment benefits at the end of this month . If anyone working in either Middlesex or Somerset county knows of any Admin Assistant openings , please let me know ASAP . Thanks , FB friends ! 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile photo to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this to your profile . < PROPMALE > and I started out as friends 4 years ago and have been dating for almost 3 years ! <3 
Had a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s Day lunch with my Sweetie ! <3 Due to his work schedule , dinner was out of the question , but it worked out for the best : the restaurant was nearly empty and very relaxing ! 
Does anyone have advice for how to heal a pulled muscle ( or possibly a tendon) ? I've pulled something in my upper quads , I think from doing squats , and it's been bothering me all month . I hate being inactive ! 
Got a job !!! :) 
God is good !!! Have a wonderful weekend , FB friends ! 
Countdown to Beatlefest ..... less than one month away !!! 
Started work today . It felt weird going to work after being unemployed for over 2 years . Glad to be productive again ! :) 
This new job is absolutely amazing . I've had free breakfast and lunch every day this week , was given over $100 of cakes and cookies from our monthly meeting yesterday and today was given fresh chicken legs , breakfast sausage , frozen sausage patties and chicken breasts ! The perks are incredible , but now I have to do a few more < PROPMALE > on the bike every day at the gym ! :) 
It's that time of the year again ..... Beatlefest weekend !!! Can't wait to see all of my friends and jam all night long ! Bags are packed , voice is rested and tambourine arm is warmed up ....... ;-) 
Last day of Beatlefest and one more midnight jam with my friends ! 
After a negative , drama-filled morning , had a fun evening at Swing Dance Plus in < PROPFEMALE > . Relaxing with my Sweetie and a delicious glass of Moscato wine . Good night , FB friends ! 
is learning to choreograph a Swing routine ! :) 
Dear sinus infection , you're not welcome in my body -- please go away ! 
Just upgraded to a Droid !!! 
Bargain of the year : went to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > loft last night and found 2 sweaters on the clearance rack . Original retail for both : $120 ; final price paid was $5.98 ! :) 
Learning how to use my new phone ! This is a test .... 
Happy Easter to all of my FB friends ! Christ is risen indeed ! 
