I'd like to thank everyone who posted on my wall wishing me a Happy Birthday . You guys are all awesome and I love you all . =] =] =] 

My WoW time ran out tonight . Curiously , I don't miss it too much . In fact , it's sort of refreshing to not be distracted by the oh-so-addicting world of Azeroth . This is gonna be cake . I can make it till December easy . Heck , I might not even wanna play after nearly three months . 
I got my math ( as much as I understood ) and the mowing done . I think I'll be waiting till tomorrow to do the essay . 
Workin on my essay . Chose one of the ToK-like prompts . I love that sort of thinking . Seriously though , this thing is practically writing itself . 
Oh boy ... I think I just hit the withdrawals phase . Must ... find ... something ... to do . Must ... keep ... mind ... off of WoW . Must ... talk like this !!! 
I do not understand this Environmental Science HW . And it's not because it's any kind of hard . It's just that there's a question about sunflowers , but the only plants on the chart are Plantains , Dandelions , and Daisies . 
I don't feel good . My asthma , which I haven't had to deal with for some time , is really bothering me lately . I hope there isn't some underlying cause . 
I'm pretty sure I have Bronchitis . Which sucks . I feel pretty bad , but I can't seem to get back to sleep . 
Wow ... My fever just skyrocketed compared to where it was . I think I need to get to bed . 
Just got bac from Oktoberfest . Had loads of fun doin the chicken dance and singing .... er .... yelling < PROPMALE > drinking songs . 
I have no idea what I really wanted to put here ... 
Blah blah 
So ... My phone apparently has a short circuit somewhere . Basically , if it will even stay on for more than 30 seconds , closing it will cause it to shut off . So , if anyone tries to call or text me ( not that many people actually do ) , know that I am not ignoring you . 
Gute Nacht Facebook . 
Just saw Celtic Woman live in concert for the first time ever . And I absolutely LOVED IT !!! They put on a seriously awesome show . 
I think I might be allergic to something in Big Red gum . My mouth feels somehow dry , gooey , and puffy all at the same time after I chew it . And the feeling lasts for a few hours . =/ 
Phew ... finally done with my English paper . What's left this weekend ? Touch up the History IA , work on the Environmental Science Study Guide 2 , do a Family Tree in < PROPMALE > ( Familie-Stammbaum ) ... Somebody save me . 
Ich hasse Hausaufgaben . 
You know what I hate more than homework ? Those ads for Mobsters 2 . You know the ones ? It's like those things are stalking me !!! 
Facebook ? Warum Facebook ? Weil ich so gelangweilt bin . < PROPFEMALE > . Das ist den einzigen Grund . Das ist den einzigen Grund f¸r alles auﬂer Schule oder Arbeit . Aber Schule bohrt mich auch . Also , was ? Was soll ich machen ? Was kann ich machen ? Ich bin immer so gelangweilt . Ich beschwere mich zu viel , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Ich mag den Klang des Facebook-Chats . Er ist so lustig . :p 
Ich muﬂ ins Bett gehen . Warum ? Willst du wissen ? Schau mein letzter Status . 
Ich glaube , daﬂ ich krank bin . Wieder . Verdammte scheiﬂe !!! 
Parkland IB Kids : Who's gotten your annotations done ? Not me ! 
Ich haﬂe Anmerkungen . Ich habe wahrscheinlich nur ein C . Aber meine Deutschnote ist wahrscheinlich wirklich gut ! =] 
Ich will sein Geist brechen . Ich will ihn tˆten . Er ist der Schmutz der Welt . Er ist ein scheuﬂlicher Hund und er hat den < PROPMALE > verdient ! Ich weiﬂ seinen Namen nicht , und das ist wahrscheinlich wirklich gut f¸r ihn . 
They made < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > toilet paper , but it wouldn't take anyone's crap . 
Bronchitis . It sucks . I most likely have it . Argh ... 
I'm home sick again . But this time it's different . I didn't beg to be allowed to stay home . My parent discussed it and decided that it would be resposible of them to not send me to school . That was a bit unexpected . 
My neck really hurts . Why ? Because of two stupid police officers that came flying across an intersection at about 9:00 Monday night with no lights , sirens , nothing . My dad had to stop really suddenly , snapping our - my parents and my - necks forward without warning . If not for anti-lock brakes and my dad's amazing reaction time , the three of us and at least two police officers would have at best been hospitalized . 
Nappy Yew Hear !!! 
Port Wine Cheeseball and Town House crackers . Life is good . 
It's only about 9:15 pm , but I'm so tired that I feel like I've procrastinated till closer to 1:15 am on this darn environmental science study guide . I think I'll go straight to bed once I finally get finished . Good news is , I'm being pretty diligent except for the occasional break to check Facebook . No videogames so far . I started about an hour and a half ago , and I'm around halfway done . 
Yaaaay . < PROPFIRST>'s Day is over . I'm also having trouble typing with my left hand , because I finally started playing a steel string guitar , and my finger tips are still tender because it takes a while to build callouses . 
Literally speaking , I hope nothing is on my mind . 
If anyone is on that has my Environmental Science class and actually knows what we're supposed to be doing , I've lost my workbook and could use a little help . 
Goodnight to those still awake at this hour , and for the sake of the world , laugh a little when you wake up . For if laughter should end later tomorrow , you'll at least have enjoyed it one last time . But please do not fear the cessation of mirth , as fear can bring only dark things to bear . 
Have you laughed today ? 
It's sad how much I rely on Facebook to actually help me with my homework . 
haz veggies ' n rice frum Ichiban . Iz happeh ! 
-dun dun dun- I wanna be the very best ... 
Life is like a box of chocolates ... really tastey if you buy the right brand . 
I could use some chocolate right now ... 
Got home from < PROPMALE > Day with a serious headache . Went to a chorus performance and managed to lose it somewhere along the way . I must've left it at home with my environmental science assignment , cause it just assaulted my face in full force . 
One more day of school , then it's off to New York City !!! Awright !!! 
New York was lots of fun , but it's definitely good to be home . And on top of the joy of arriving home from a great trip , I got some amazing news upon my arrival . That's right . I have officially been accepted to UNCG !!! 
Aaaaand of course I would wake up sick as a dog the day after the trip to NYC . X_X 
So I'm pretty sure I have bronchitis ... again . 
Yup , I called it . The doctor just confirmed bronchitis . 
Hargleblargle : a word used for no other reason than to garner odd looks from people around you . It has no meaning ... don't ask . -Dictionary of < PROPMALE > Perkins 
I feel soooo sick . 
Do you ever dream on the edge of consciousness ? You know you could wake up with just a flick of your eyelids , but you hold them shut as long as you can , just to see where the dream is going . 
You know what's annoying ? When your monitor won't quit flickering ... 
I am officially in Chicago . And what a trip it was ... 
Chicago ... ' tis a fun place , but I like being home even better . 
I just got a call from some random number asking for an employee of the Red Cross ... Weird . 
You would not believe your eyes if ten million Asian guys came to your room as you fell asleep . \ 
\ 
Yay Chicago trip . 
Hargleblargle . That is all . 
Happy 4th of July ... Let's not forget what it took to establish this great nation we live in today - All the blood and sweat and suffering ... of other peoples . 
Happy 4th of July ... Let's not forget what it took to establish this great nation we live in today - All the blood and suffering ... of other peoples . 
Happy fifth of July ... I'm sure something important happened elsewhere in the world . 
Guys ... I got my diploma . Which diploma ? My IB diploma . That's right ! Booyah ! 
I basically only get on Facebook anymore to play Bejeweled Blitz . I probably wouldn't if I could find it elsewhere . I mean , what's the point of gathering a huge list of people you don't talk to anymore ? 
So\ 
I just woke up . And it wasn't because I was tired , but because I was \ 
dreaming . Though at some point I wanted to wake up , some part of my \ 
mind seemed to be forcing me to keep dreaming . It was such a powerful \ 
influence that I had to force myself to wake from not one , but two \ 
dreams . And when I awoke to the world I consider real , it was with great\ 
relief . 
You wanna know something weird ? For the third , maybe fourth day in a row now , I've woken up at exactly 3:06 in the afternoon . What an odd internal clock , right ? 
My touch screen does odd things when I touch it ... Purpose-defeating ? I think so . 
I want a girlfriend . Any takers ? =P 
thinks it's silly to speak in the third person . 
Pop Tarts are the shizz ... Nuff said . 
Sugar free < PROPFEMALE > syrup is only healthier because you'll quickly be convinced to not eat it a second time . 
There are great lessons to be found in ancient history . For instance , don't try to launch flaming monkeys from wooden ships . Here's a hint - flaming monkeys aren't likely to sit very still . 
I'm pretty sure I had a nightmare last night , but I don't remember what it was about . All I know is I was shuddering when I got up , and I felt like I might vomit . 
My wit ... it fails me . I have nothing sarcastic to say in this status . My life feels suddenly incomplete , without my daily serving of cynical humor . 
My birthday party is gonna be on the 20th or the 22nd at < PROPMALE > E . Cheese's! I'd make an event for it , but as you see , I have a dilemma . So who wants to come ? 
When life gives you lemons , make beef stew . \ 
Not that I'm dealing with any \lemons\ " in particular . I just thought beef stew sounded pretty tasty . I also felt like being cynical . " 
Well ... one of the lenses just jumped out of my glasses . Not being able to see sucks . I feel slightly helpless at the moment . Also typing this on my phone is giving me a nasty headache . 
18 years old in two days . The excitement is ... not there . Why is this such a big deal again ? 
18 years old today . But a bunch of people already knew that . Thanks everyone who posted happy birthday on my wall . =D 
I have recently consumed far more Mountain Dew than should most normal people . Good thing I'm actually quite abnormal . =P 
My birthday party was pretty awesomely fun . Skee Ball tournaments and pizza ... that's how to have fun , man ! 
I have nothing to say here . 
I hate taking notes ... I hate it so much . 
I need to escape to Germany or somewhere . Like , for the rest of my life . I say Germany both because I have friends there and I happen to speak their mother language with relative fluency . Plus I can resort to English when I have to . \ 
Can anyone help me accomplish this ? As of right now , I'm completely serious , and don't expect any reservations to kick in until after I've been there for at least a year . 
I love how structures in anime are there for the sole purpose of being destroyed . 
I love playing pool . I mean , I absolutely suck at it , but ... 
\javajavajavajavajava\ " - < PROPMALE > Fraser in < PROPFIRST > of the Jungle " 
Why do writers of history textbooks insist on making them so bland and boring that they're better used as a sleep aid than a source of information ? 
I just realized something . I haven't played WoW in close to 3 weeks . In other words , right around 21 days . It takes 21 days to break a bad habit , as I understand it . I think I'm finally free , or really close . 
Want to become a top class WoW player ? Discover the Zygor level guides and learn to play like a true profesional\ 
This is the text underneath an ad that I saw recently . It might look more professional if they spelled \professional\ " correctly . Just sayin ... " 
Anyone want to start a neo-classical progressive metal band ? 
It's pretty funny , the letters people choose to multiply in order to lengthen the primary vowel sounds of certain words . For instance :\ 
hottttttt\ 
pleaseeeeeee\ 
yayyyyyyy\ 
Let's not forget my personal favorite : anddddddddd ( trying to pronounce this last one results in something like a really bad imitation of a chainsaw or motorcycle , from my experience ) 
I'm almost two weeks into college . Should I have made some new friends by now ? 
O.O \ 
< PROPMALE>'s Ladder . 
Why do I have less motivation in college than I did in high school ? Because college is EASY , and therefore requires less motivation than anything IB ever threw at me . Honestly , my biggest paper this semester will only be 4 pages ! Plus , there's lots of multiple guess on the tests and quizzes . I don't even have to think to ace this stuff ... 
3rd week of school and already a holiday . I like this ... I like it a lot . 
I'm getting a cold . =/ 
Ugh ... up at 5:15 am ... stupid sore throat ... 
Oh goodness ... it feels like the flu . 
I'd like to let everyone know that * cough cough cough hack wheeze cough wheeze hack * 
My head feels like it might implode . It hurts just to touch my hair . =S 
I'm quickly becoming convinced that I'll be entirely able to go through college without making any new friends . Am I really that good at being invisible ? 
\I am a rock . I am an island . \ " \ 
Guys ... I lost the game . 
HEY ! \ 
If you were a hotdog , wouldya eat yaself ? 
What's on my mind ? What's on your mind , Facebook status box ? 
For my current status , please see the link I just posted . \ 
OH MAH FREAKIN GOODNESS AVATAR !!! ( and not the one about blue people ) 
I have found WoW nerds ! Time to make friends . =D 
Guys , I don't know if I can brain today . I think I might have the dumb . 
I love when I'm listening to my iPod on shuffle and I think \the next song I want to listen to is ... \ " And out of the more than 3000 possible choices the next song that plays is exactly what I wanted . " 
I am the Mindtraveller ! 
I'm considering deleting my facebook account . 
\You stared too long into the sun ; forgot the rest of the sky . \"" 
I just love when one of my lenses pops out of my glasses ... -.- \ 
I mean , I was able to fix it by tightening the screw with my thumbnail , but if I try to tighten it at all past one certain spot , the lens pops out again . This is a recipe for so much crap . 
\You grasped a pot of gold ; now it looks like lead . \"" 
Copious amounts of introspection and consideration have lead me to two conclusions :\ 
1 . I am absolutely , indubitably , thoroughly crazy , and I know it\ 
3 . I like me that way 
OMGHOTPOCKETS 
Mmy fiingger iss ttwittchhingg .. 
\And for every question an answer is found . Thousands of voices are screaming new questions out loud . But I make a stand - I'm not going to drown . \"" 
Can someone please explain to me the reason for the existence of the infernal insect known as the fly !? 
I love holding doors open for people . Why ? Because as soon as I choose to hold a door open for someone , that person is immediately obligated to use whichever door I've chosen . It's empowering , really . 
Halo : Reach has officially restored my faith in Bungie . Too bad they're off the Halo franchise . =/ 
I just ate some of these cheeseburger flavored Hot Pockets Sideshots , and I have to say , they taste amazingly like a McDonalds cheeseburger . I don't know whether that speaks badly of Hot Pockets or McDonalds . 
Hot Pockets - Warning : may contain molten lava . 
Into the dreams , \ 
Boldly I tread ;\ 
Nightmares , perhaps , \ 
Fraught all with great dread . \ 
I surely know not , \ 
What they will tell , \ 
But journey I will , \ 
Through Heaven or Hell . \ 
For , I only know , \ 
One thing that can end , \ 
The morning's rebirth , \ 
To which sleep will lend . \ 
Awakening ends , \ 
With my final breath . \ 
Thus will I dream , \ 
Until comes my death . 
One day , I'm gonna be in a metal band . 
Yes . 
Oh boy ... a sinus headache and an inflamed mucus membrane near the back of my throat . I'm developing a sinus infection . Maybe with a bit of ear infection on the side ... we'll see about that come tomorrow probably . 
I hate math so much . Especially when I can just look up the answer to the problem , and my answer that I come up with is nowhere near it . And I can't figure out for the life of me what exactly I messed up to arrive at such an incorrect answer . I hate < PROPMALE > and Kepler and Planck and Boltzmann and Einstein and everyone else who helped to come up with this infernal device of the logically elite . 
Sometimes , life just walks up and uppercuts you in the face . It hurts ... you go flying backwards into a very dense object , which subsequently breaks into a bunch of smaller-but-still-dangerous pieces and lands on you . But the thing is , you're a super hero , and you just kinda have to get up , brush it off , and keep fighting . 
Sometimes I feel like I'm living just this side of insanity . And sometimes I put one foot over the border . 
I'll have a platter of your finest hargleblargle . And she wants the hargleblargle soup . Oh yes , I'll take my baked shnarfle on the side , please . 
Why is it that I can recall the most embarrassing moments with the greatest clarity , while the times I felt the best about myself take a lot more effort to remember correctly ? 
I hate when people complain . It only ever seems to do one of two things - either it highlights the futility of the current situation or drudges up past failures and disappointments . I guess this is doing the first . 
I've realized something - I talk to myself ... A LOT . And I don't just mean the little reminders of what I need to get done later , although there are a fair amount of those . No , I'm talkin ' full-fledged conversations with myself , often of a philosophical nature , in which I play both the voice supporting a given idea and the devil's advocate , as well as the moderator , to an extent . 
If you're brave copy this status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy ( 2)wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) cool ( 16 ) amazing ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) annoying ( 19 ) want to get to know you ( 20 ) best friend ( 21 ) I miss you ( 22 ) I love you 
So , uh ... yeah . Wait ... yeah . Um , no . Maybe ... yeah . Yes . 
Goodnight everyone ( a lot later than I planned to go to bed , as always ) . 
I think I'm developing insomnia - I have trouble getting to sleep and I wake up at least once , sometimes as many as five times , per night . 
So there's this girl I really want to talk to . But I'm too shy or something . Quick , someone tell me to just suck it up and go for it . 
Harmonizing with myself on garageband - what a great way to spend a few hours . 
Why do we assume that space aliens will automatically be hostile toward the Human race ? 
So I definitely just got a call on my cell phone informing me that my < PROPMALE > credit card has been restricted for shopping and ATM usage . I don't own a credit card . And this isn't the first time I've gotten calls like this . Is someone using my phone number to avoid calls for overdue credit card payments ? 
Oh mah goodness , guys ! Facebook changed the way that status updates are displayed ! Let's get angry and form a petition group to make them change it back ! 
is playing Back to the Future 25th Anniv trivia on Popcorn Hero ( http://f.moviemastr.com/?sid=13&rb=s ) 
I have a P.H.D. in Horribleness ! 
So I just found out I'll be a sophomore in college after only one semester . The IB Program is paying off in the form of 15 hours of transfer credit . 
I have recently rediscovered the awesomeness that is Diet Dr. Pepper . 
I'm probably behind the times here , but seriously - what kind of a ridiculous name is Waka Flocka Flame ? 
fpqjnlwnc ; ma ; ksndcklmsljkdnpkcnpi 
Last night , I dreamt of a girl ... I haven't seen her in months , and I thought I was over her . The unconscious mind reveals one's true nature , though , and it seems I'm not done chasing this dream . 
I'm thinking of trying to do a few online freelance writing jobs for some extra money . Anyone think this is a good idea for me ? 
you know what gets to me when people dont use any punctuation and expect their meaning to be completely clear haha\ 
What I just typed is akin to how far too many status updates on facebook look . Please , people ... use some commas , apostrophes , periods , question marks , etc . They make the meaning of what is being said , you know , clear . 
I have this nagging feeling that I didn't do something I should've gotten done today . 
Dear Tacitus , \ 
I dislike you . That is all . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPMALE > Perkins 
Boldly brave Sir < PROPFIRST > rode forth from Camelot . 
There's been a tightness to my breathing for a good two weeks now , and it's finally erupted into a terrible cough ... you know , the kind that almost makes you barf every time it happens . I feel pretty bad . 
Sheriff Snorlax here . Is everything alright ? 
Guys . It's , well ... it's , ya know , like ... hehe ... SNOWING !!! heh 
Oh my goodness , white chocolate < PROPFEMALE > Kats . O.O 
Junk ... and also , stuff . 
I'm trying new Flock -- check it out at www.flock.com 
http://bit.ly/eVcqM9 
I find it funny that my family uses a Frigidaire brand oven . 
Yes , I've isolated all three , both from each other and the inside of my suitcase . In the event that one bursts or leaks , only that one will be compromised . 
In Alabama for the next several days . I can't wait to see my Grandpa . 
I do love this whole giving thing . 
The DVD drive on my Macbook puts out a lot of heat ... my leg is ON FIRE !!! 
Already 7-8 inches on the ground around my house , and it's still snowing . Freakin ... YES ! 
The awesomeness that is Yngwie J . Malmsteen's Rising Force is currently assaulting my ears in full force , and indeed with much loudness . I freakin love it ! 
Stoner mode , go ! Yello ... Oh Yeah 
So ... my father just told me a few things that I ought not share with the world , cause they're probably considered private . Suffice it to say , what I was just told made me feel pretty terrible . Goodnight Facebook . 
I am an arrogant , passive-aggressive , lazy smartass . It's true , and I live with me , so everyone else can too . 
I sometimes envy me in my dreams . For instance , last night I was dating a famous girl . Why can't that actually happen ? 
It is freakin freezing in my basement/bedroom . I really hope UNCG is smart tomorrow , and decides to close down . I mean , one of my professors has already individually cancelled class for tomorrow . 
I'm thirsty . I should probably drink water , but I think I'll have this can of diet soda instead . 
On a day like today , soup is the way to go . 
On being caught with your pants down : it's probably about as embarrassing for the person doing the catching as it is for the person being caught . 
Got mah new glasses today ! And they actually work this time . =D 
I have the new glasses headache . \\ @A @/ 
If anyone has seen my mind this morning , I would really appreciate a point in the right direction . 
* Begin intense pondering of my life * 
I hate being bad at things I enjoy ( i.e. a number of video games ) . I also hate being good at some things I despise ( i.e. math ) . Oh the freakin irony . 
When I hargle , I usually blargle . =D 
I went to sleep at about 9:15 tonight . I tossed and turned from when I fell asleep until about 1:15 , when my dry throat prompted me to go upstairs and get a glass of water ( or five ) . When I awoke , I expected that I had slept on and off until close to time to get up anyway , and would just stay up . Now , I have a little less than four hours until I need to be awake , and I'm not particularly tired . 
Stuff . That is all . 
I'm starting to like school ... What is wrong with me !?!?!?!?!? 
Most delicious frapuccino to date : a venti strawberries and creme , two pumps of white mocha , two shots of espresso , hold the whipped cream . Oh , and gimme a brownie with that . 
I have a sweet N64 emulator , about 6 good game ROMs ( including Ocarina of TIme and Super Smash Bros . ) , and a USB controller that just happens to work with it . Retro gaming marathon on my computer ? Yes , please . 
I don't even know the date people celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... I just know it's on its way , cause I keep seeing stuff about it . 
I have a paper to write in Sociology of Deviant Behavior . One of the options is Sociology of Music . First song that popped into my head - A Little Piece of Heaven by Avenged Sevenfold . Opinions ? Suggestions for alternatives ? 
* sigh * 
* sigh*\ 
It's freakin ' < PROPFIRST>'s Day again ... 
Buses make me sleepy ... 
Apparently , after translating literally between English and other languages 56 times , the phrase \Center of the Universe\ " becomes \ " Customer Service Center \"." 
Lately , I've been re-watching slightly older cartoons ( early to mid 2000s so far ) that I really liked when I was younger . Thus far , I've finished Avatar : The Last Airbender and < PROPMALE > Phantom ( yes , it may be somewhat lame , but I like < PROPMALE > Phantom ) , and now I don't know what I want to watch . Suggestions , anyone ? 
Sitting in my 5th row floor seat , waiting to enjoy a performance by Celtic Woman . 
Celtic Woman = an amazing show ! 
They say the eyes are the doorways to the soul . I think that stems from a reportedly ubiquitous human feeling that occurs when two people catch each other's gaze . It feels to each like the other knows the deepest thoughts and feelings of the person into whose eyes s/he is staring . 
And may the storm rage on - the thunder , its herald ; the lightning , its whip ; the clouds , its chariot ; the rain , its gift . 
Severe thunderstorms ? Nope . Nature , I am disappoint . 
I've done it ! Open-circuitboard surgery on a Gamecube controller to replace a broken joystick , put in a better C-stick , and make several of the face buttons springier . ( All parts taken from an otherwise gimpy controller ) . \ 
On a related side note , I now think I understand why a lot of people seem to hate Mad Catz brand controllers . 
I just had a dream in which I had a beautiful girlfriend , I could say what I wanted to whomever I wanted , and I was quick to fix my own mistakes . \ 
Just got a haircut and trimmed my puffy face-monster . That sounds a lot weirder when I read it again . 
Caffeine . You and I have a serious love-hate relationship . I think this needs to stop , before something bad happens . 
\(Insert thoughtful quotation here)\ " -- ( Insert social icon's name here ) " 
I hate how so many people use the devil or temptation as an excuse for that thing they shouldn't have done . 
So I accidentally knocked over a glass cologne bottle onto the cement floor of my basement/bedroom . I think I'm becoming intoxicated off of the lingering fumes . 
So I just got an email from my cognitive psych professor about an opportunity to do lab research next semester . I didn't even have to think about it 10 seconds before I decided I was interested . I really hope I get to do this . 
Anime time . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lambda < PROPFEMALE > Honor Society ? \ 
Huh ... why not ? 
You can always blame the voices if you'd like . Just know that they'll get you back eventually . >=} 
Musing on the past , sometimes I realize something I did that should have made me feel like a complete idiot at the time . I then feel a small , personal moment of embarrassment and tuck that memory away until it inevitably surfaces again , probably to remind me of humility . 
I can feel the caffeine crash happening ... Again ... 
>.< Headache ... 
This is the first status I've posted in 13 days . That is all . 
There's a 75% < PROPMALE > * that taking frequent breaks while reading from a textbook will preserve some vestige of sanity . 
For anyone who's ever emailed me or ever decides to , my new main email address is josh.perkins9229@gmail.com 
So much work to do this weekend . I officially hate online courses . I think it's about time to crash for the night ... 
Google - the ultimate tool for self-help therapy . 
