is realizing how great Sodoku can be to tune out the messy facets of life --- like becoming privy to some of the sadder home-lifes of the kids I tutor and the fact that I did NOT win the internship at the Performing Arts Center . 

is ecstatic for her 24th birthday ! 
Is going out to Olvera Street for her birthday ! Replete with taquitos , shopping and some surprises . :) 
is gearing up for her ( unfortunately ) last week of elementary school tutoring ( through ARC anyway ) ... 
wants to do what must be done to work with an international children's rights organization . 
began the arduous application process to serve in the Peace Corps 
Applying for the Peace Corps is a definite time-commitment ! It's uber thorough ! 
is becoming more feminist . I'm upset how female empowerment is mocked , female power is distorted and female contribution is tolerated with amusement . I love all you men still but I'm becoming more defensive of my sex and how they're treated . 
Do not go gentle into that good night \ 
Old age should burn and rave at close of day \ 
Rage , rage against the dying of the light . \ 
--- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is anxious , joyful , relieved and tired . I finally submitted EVERYTHING I needed for my Peace Corps application . Fifteen pages of actual application , plus three recommendations ( thanks you guys ! ) , two essays and an in-depth health review application . Whew . Now to bed ! 
Red 
Has a more managable number of kids to work with ... 18 instead of 25 ! This makes running my classroom during homework hour MUCH better ! 
had her interview with Johann my Peace Corps recruiter last week . He called today and said he was going through with my nomination to be a public elementary school teacher in Eastern Europe leaving early June 2011 . 
is coming home for the week of Thanksgiving to < PROPFEMALE > out with her brothers ! < PROPFEMALE > and Heather ... that means you too ! 
is hurt because she did something to her trapezius muscle ( very large and important ! ) and now it hurts in every which way . :( 
is better ! Turns out I was suffering from a compressed rib and so deep lower rib muscle strain ensued .... deep like inside the ribcage . Had an adjustment and am mostly better ! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are my favorites . 
Is looking forward to a long week winding down . 
Had SO much fun today ! 
I would LOVE to see you again at Christmas ! We need to build on that amazing time together more . I miss you , my good friend . :) 
feels it's time to update her status but is unsure about what has been newsworthy . 
had an amazing time home for Christmas and am SO happy that < PROPFIRST > got to come along too . I love you Mom , Dad , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Benjie ! 
Lets see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name . It can only be 1 word ... then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy ... that's no fun ! :) 
LOVES Arrested Development ! 
really should up new pictures , I got a new haircut and everything .... 
