just bought more stuff for MGO . 

realizes that some people really shouldn't play lazer tag . 
... to whom it may concern , no ColdStone/Rock Band this week due to Lockin . 
... I hate drama . 
doesn't want to go to work now , is already at fault by default . 
really should not still be awake . 
wants more fireworks . 
is sad that the CnC universe is coming to an end next year . 
is finally going to be able to use the Champions Online beta . 
kind of wants to get the old drama club crew together ... 
can't wait for GTA IV : The Ballad of Gay < PROPFIRST > . 
is patiently waiting for his limited edition copy of ODST to come in . 
is already done with ODST ... now to find all the hidden audio logs that he missed . 
Mr. Crowley , what went wrong in your head ? Oh , Mr. Crowley , did you talk with the dead ? 
I'm a loose bolt of a complete machine What a match , I'm half doomed and you're semi-sweet 
To those who have been worried , my mother is doing better now , thank you for the well wishes . 
beat both Modern Warfare 1 and 2 in the same day . Now to finish Dragon Age ... 
is done with Assassin's Creed II 
Hey ... You're awake . And you keeps you where you wanted to be known . that's alright you know that you've been framed . All the way . And it keeps you're wanting to be known . But that's alright ... You're only human , boy ... 
just wants this week to end and things to be normal again . 
And I just wish that I didn't feel like there was something i missed And I take back all the things i said to you And I'd .. Give it all away , just to have somewhere to go to ... Give it all away , To have someone to come home to ... 
... has to leave wether he wanted to or not now . 
is back home and is going to sit and wait . Then sleep and repeat the same stupid routine again ... thank you to those that cheered me up lately . I just wish I had enough strength to do this on my own . 
woke up and now feeling even more lost than before . Do you really need to sneak around and take your stuff while I am out trying to not bother you and give you space ? 
needs to know what his future holds already cause his days are becoming bleaker as his mind continues to wander . 
realizes how stupid he has been , he has been the problem all along . That is going to change . Will begin to sell what video games he wishes to part with . Send a message to get a list sent to you . 
I've been up late writing books , all about heroes and crooks , one of them saves you from this , one of them steals you and then ... sure things fall and all sure things fall . 
Already on my way to calming down . Lets keep it up . One more , just one more . 
is hoping this is some sick joke . 
is home now , not knowning what to think or do . 
is trying to warm up and is just waiting for the phone call that never comes . 
has also just realized there is now no way he can pay this months rent anymore . 
is going to lie down now , clear his head . Tomorrow is another day to get through . 
Who am I kidding ? I can't sleep . 
... suddenly feels like writing again , how screwed up is that ? 
Time to look for new apartments . Hopefuly one that allows pets . 
... and so almost all of my video games and DVDs are gone . I wish I never had to do this again . 
has $400 dollars to his name and can't spend a dime . 
Don't waste your time on me . You're already the voice inside my head ... 
Send me an angel to love ... I need to feel a little piece of heaven ... Send me an angel to love ... I'm afraid I'll never get to heaven ... 
is happier than he has been in weeks . 
realizes now how much it sucks to do things alone . 
I do solumnly swear that I am up to no good . 
just when you think it could not get any worse . 
wants to go out tonight , but knows it is inadvisable . Especially since he has no way of getting to where he wants to go . 
needs someone , anyone right now . 
Things can get better I guess ... lets see how far luck will take me . 
wants to talk , wants to keep his mouth shut ... wants to say how he really feels but is afraid of the future . 
appartment prospects are looking up , cat seems a little better ... maybe all is not lost yet . If only I can get a car and some way to get more money ... 
I just realized what yesterday was . Just another day . 
Yeah , cause we are broken . What must we do to restore our innocence ? And oh , the promise we adored ? Give us life again cause we just wanna be whole ... 
is really confused right now . 
is not as stupid as you think he is . 
is overreacting again ... he hopes . 
It's a brand new day ... 
... is reopening old wounds . 
is finally going to sleep . 
It's been a long day , always ain't that right 
is done . 
So i tell myself , I tell myself its wrong . Theres a point we've passed in which we cant return ... I've felt the cold rain of the coming storm . 
is finally laying his head to rest . 
has turned up the heat in all rooms of his house , so much for low electricity < PROPMALE > ! 
If you call , I will answer . If you fall , I'll pick you up . And if you court this disaster , I'll point you home .... I'll point you home . 
is possibly going to give himself a self-induced heart attack one of these days . 
is going to have to rethink his strategy . 
has been awake for five hours and is already tired again , what the hell ? 
could care less about the rest , just wants that one thing to fall into place so that the pieces can finally . fit . 
Someone once told me that the worst words in the world are \Just Friends\ " . I am inclined to believe them . " 
Nice guys finish last . You're running Out of gas . Your sympathy will get you left behind . Sometimes you're at your best , when you feel the worst . Do you feel washed up like piss going down the drain ? 
is going out already ? Gah , early morning shinanigans time ... 
is going to sleep early morning tomorrow , want to talk before the passing out ? Text me . 
hates the holidays . Is there some way to cure what cannot be cured ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . 
Time to play the Saboteur . 
Attempt at sleep ? 
wheee another 4 hour sleep shift , parents house and then maybe Sherlock Holmes ? 
off to see Mr. Holmes . 
This song is a poem to myself , it helps me to live . In case of fire , BREAK the glass and move on into your own ... your own . 
There is truth beneath the floorboards , there is hope in brick and stone . But they tell me just to shut my mouth , leave well enough alone . 
Every time I think of you I get a shot right through into a bolt of blue . It's no problem of mine , but it's a problem I find , living a life that I can't leave behind . 
So tell me now ... If this ain't love then how do we get out ? 
is so happy this week is over , maybe now things can go a bit smoother . 
is changing how he thinks about everything around him , its only a matter or time before he can just smile and say , \I told you so . \"" 
I'm coming apart at the seams Pitching myself for leads in other people's dreams now Buzz buzz buzz Doc there's a hole where something was Doc there's a hole where something was 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
My headaches are getting worse and worse , at least the heartache is gone . 
is a bit more releaved . Onward to a weird and uncertain future . 
I am wishing I could understand how things got to this point , I wish some people would realize what I am doing , and what my motives truely are . I never could have been the person I am now a couple of months ago , it would have broken everything . Now that this is now , the true me is back in form ... and it matches this old picture she < PROPFIRST > . 
Goodnight everyone , fun night ... but its time to turn in and burn out . 
I love it when idiots think that I am to blame for their problems , find another scapegoat , if I wanted to cause you trouble I'd have done it a LONG time ago . 
I would stand in line for this .... there is always room in life for this . 
We don't even understand . Something's going on . We don't even understand . So how could this be wrong ? 
In my nightmare I feel so alive in my dreamscape escapades , I make the grade , I save the day . 
We are one and we have found they only wanted you around to hold it down so hold your ground we won't be here forever ... < PROPFEMALE > on ! Till the winner comes ! 
Woke up to another day with a smirk on my face right off the bat , this is going to be interesting . 
Going to write momentarily ... again , lets see how well this goes . 
Cold , but I'm still here . Blind , ' cause I'm so blind . Say never , we're far from comfortable this time . Cold , now we're so cold . Blind , and you're not mine . Say never , we're far from obvious this time . 
I posted part of a story of sorts ... it needs some editing but its should be good for now , comment ? 
I never said I’d lie in wait forever . If I died , we'd be together now I can’t always just forget her ... but she could try 
I guess I am not surprised in the least . Truely I wish nothing but happiness . Now for me to take my exit from this stage . 
You we're right all along about me Mr. < PROPMALE > . I am the villain of the story . 
You'll sit alone forever if you wait for the right time what are you hoping for ? I'm here , I'm now , I'm ready ... Holding on tight don't give away the end the one thing that stays mine . 
Just got an email telling him that his collector's edition of Mass Effect 2 is being shipped to the wrong address , which is a different than the address on his conformation email . 
Sleep before reclaiming his Tuesdays back at the Gate , oh what fun . 
If only life can be like I can see in it my head , reality bending to the will of us all . If I said I did not miss things the were through those < PROPFEMALE > coloured glasses , I'm lying . 
Here's our defense ... heroes defensive , heroes left you to die . YOU LEFT ME TO DIE ! I don't wanna save my soul now ... I don't wanna lose control ... So even if it takes our lifetime to learn ... I'll learn ... I'll learn ... WE ALL LEARN ! 
Going to sleep now , maybe tomorrow is another day . 
Geting ready for another thrilling night at work , yay for that . ( Sarcasm ) 
Nap then bowling ... then whatever . 
I’m wishing the bath water clean . She hides in the back and is unseen . I take off the mask that surrounds me . Look me in the face , what do you see ? I feel like a boy the age of 13 . My body grows up but my mind stays the same . Look me in the face , what do you see ? 
At work , text me cause I am bored out of my mind , the next couple of days can't come by quick enough . 
... and now people swarm in , welcome to Tuesday at the gate , filled with so many idiots that the stupidity is hard to contain . 
So I miss the premere of Lost due to work , and then ... well , Steam deletes < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online off my computer to reinstall it , good thing I am bored . 
is searching for a link to watch Lost now and not tomorrow . 
Bah , nevermind I'll just play Mass Effect 2 until STO is finished . 
is already Lieutenant in STO ... wow that was quick . 
... if you have to ask why ? Then you don't understand . 
I'm not a crybaby , I'm THE crybaby . A caterpillar that got stuck Mr. Moth come quick with any luck . A long walk to a dark house a < PROPMALE > candle he < PROPMALE > keep us far ap < PROPMALE > . I've got your body doing alright . Hate me baby , maybe I'm a piece of < PROPMALE > , oh , my friends all lie and say they only want the best wishes for me ... oh , 3 2 1 We go live ... 
is finally watching Lost now . 
Time to play STO and try to stay awake ... 
Hey ... You're awake and you keeps you where you wanted to be known . That's alright you know that you've been framed all the way and it keeps you're wanting to be known . But that's alright ... You're only human , boy ... Take your inhibitions going home . 
“Life can either be accepted or changed . If it is not accepted , it must be changed . If it cannot be changed , then it must be accepted . \ " , 201 0-0 2-04 22:17:52 " 
Urban dictionary Justin : Amazingly bodasious dude that can overcome all and in some point in time will take over the world . Commonly used to describe someone of high status and is alot of fun to be around . 
In the movie of my life , starring you , instead of me . When the moonlight , hits your bright eyes , I go blind . And maybe next time , I'll remember not to tell you something stupid like I'll never leave your side . Like the oldest movie I ever saw was the one we wrote together . I said I hate you but I'd never change a thing . I can be your < PROPFIRST > Cusack . 
Sleep comes to those who want it , guess it is my time . 
The moment you give up is the moment I give up , it all hinges on you now , what will you do ? 
Let me be the one you call . If you jump , i'll break your fall . Lift you up and fly away with you into the night . If you need to fall apart , I can mend a broken heart . If you need to crash then crash and burn , you're not alone 
Now I had to yell at them for pot , fml . 
I am still so damn confused , what a difference 24 hours can make . 
Is going to lay down , for the love of God people text me , I really need to talk . @.@ 
Firefly could you shine your light , now I love your ways , cause they're just like mine . Now I'm justified , as I fall in line , and it's hard to try , when you're open wide . 
Step 1 : Talk to him . Step 2 : Convince point of view . Step 3 : ???? Step 4 : Profit !!! 
But you really need to listen to me ... because I'm telling you the truth ... I mean this , I'm okay ! Trust me ! 
They call kids like us vicious and carved out of stone , but for what we've become , we just feel more alone . Always weigh what I've lost against what I left . So progress report : I am missing you to death . 
has that sinking feeling he just making things worse than better .... fml . 
Gonna get a bureau today , maybe visit a friend and got Chevelle in concert tonight , everything is going well ... hopefully . 
Talk , talk ain't lot but it's still talk . Gotta love how it's somehow all on me . All the petty scenes and all the pretty things . Say whatever you want ' cause I can laugh it off . 
Two and a half more hours till I leave for Chevelle . Time needs to hurry up . 
Is going to lay down finally , got most of Chevelle on video . Off to campus in the morning ... god I am tired . 
Sleepy ... so sleepy . Night all . 
Wow , that is a lot of snow , they must be so glad they cancelled school , heh . 
Is awake now , due to IMs and boredom . Nothing to do now . Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? Text or call me . 
Still waiting for the bad part of this storm . Is listening to bccradio live ! Is downloading Bioshock 2 ! Oh wintery days stuck inside how I kinda missed thee . 
Is building furniture ... this can't end well . 
Two wrongs make it all alright tonight ... 
Going through my old blog ... realizing how much things have and have not changed . 
We live on front porches and swing life away , we get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor I'll slave till the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand ... 
Hey , it's gonna be okay . Hey , we're gonna laugh at this one day ... 
I need to write down all the bands I've seen live . 
Is staying home now , wishing his life wasn't like a rubix cube that he can't figure out , hates his age and eyes are burning from lack of and having to much sleep at the same time . 
is writing in his blog ... 
is starting to notice a pattern in the last two weeks with Fridays ... Friday = hate . 
New blog post . 
' Cause I've been thinking , thinking ... I've got a plan to lose it all , I've got a contract pending on eternity .... If I haven't already given it away , I've got a plan to lose it all . 
It's the feeling I ge ... tMy palms with sweat , like some kind of daydream I'll never forget ... I'm stuck in this spin why does it begin by touching the edge of her skin ? 
Just woke up and wants to get this day on already . 
Time to begin to write the script . Folie a Deux . 
So boycott love , detox just to retox and I'd promise you anything for another shot at life ... 
First song done ... time for bed . 
I got my stitches stitched , I got my fixes fixed , in my aching head I got my kisses slipped . Our gossip lips stuttered every word I said , I said , I got your love letters , corrected the grammar and sent them back . It's true - romance is dead , I shot it in the chest then in the head . And if you wanna go down in history then I'm your < PROPMALE > , because they've got me in a bad way . I've never seen a heart I couldn't break . 
If anyone receives a message from via text , it is not me . My phone has been stolen . 
Stop & Shop workers voted to strike yesterday .. The Union gave Stop & Shop a week extension to negotiate a fair contract for us . Over the next week , eventhough we are still working , we are asking that you DO NOT SHOP at Stop & Shop until this issue is resolved . Thank you ! - PASS THIS ALONG IF YOU SUPPORT THE WORKERS ! 
And I can't forget your style or your cynicism , somehow it was like you were the first to listen to everything we said . My smile's an open wound without you ... and my hands are tied to pages inked , to bring you back . 
Just feels lousy now , he knows why and can't shake that feeling anymore . Time to spend time not as himself . 
Somewhere there's speaking , it's already coming in . Oh and it's rising in the back of your mind . You never could get it unless you were fed it . Now you're here , and you don't know why ... 
So am I who I want to be ? Am I going to drag them down with me ? Will I let them ? So many questions that I do not know the answers to . 
You come out at night , that's when the energy comes and the dark side's light and the vampires roam . You strut your rasta wear and your suicide poem and a cross from a faith that died before Jesus came . You're building a mystery ... 
is beginning to like music without words better than music with them . 
Guest speaker tonight on my blog . Check it out in about an hour . 
All the harsh feeling words . All the fiction and lies . All the tears and the laughs . Take a walk through the past . You and I hand in hand as we look at this thing called us .... 
Sail away , hey , I'm sorry , everyday is a new day . Hooray for love , hey , I'm only , trying to find a new way . 
slept way too much today ... 
So now what should I do , I'm strung out , addicted to you . My body aches , now that you're gone . My supply fell trough .... 
Needs a ride anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Attention those with bricked PS3s due to the date error ... they are back up ! 
I just woke up now ?! FML 
watching last nights episode of LOST ... nothing better to do . 
a 4-letter word with out an A or E but this week she says it has an O . That is what the island is ... 
I don't want your love , I don't want your revenge ... you already had your < PROPMALE > . 
Click the LIKE button if I have ever made you smile .... and then make this your status and see how many people that you have made smile too ! :) 
is still wondering why the mentioning of one name can bother him so or why that name was mentioned at all . 
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart . I want to recognise your beauty's not just a mask . I want to exorcise the demons from your past . I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart . 
You once promised me you would never leave my side , that everything was going to be ok . You lied to me , you broke your promise , you are gone and now these pieces of this puzzle are not going fit , not because you are gone . No , it was the wrong puzzle to begin with . 
is in a Chevelle mood today . 
is in a bit of trouble , may not be able to keep another promise , anyone got a car I can borrow tonight between 8:30 till midnight tonight ? Or would like to accompany me to Club Hell at said time ? 
looks like tonight is going to be a bust , damn having no car or people having a car not wanting to go ! 
hates lying and breaking promises but tonight , I need to be left alone . 
is pumped for this week , maybe everything will be good after all . 
I do , I don't need you like you think ... I do , I don't , I don't need you like you think ... I do , I don't , I don't need you like you think ... I do , you don't , you just don't ... leave me alone . 
I think you're sleeping with a friend of mine , I have no proof but I think that I'm right . And you've still got the most beautiful face , it just makes me sad most of the time 
is wondering how to proceed , cause no matter what path I take it leads me back . 
may have found his sister again , at least today isn't a total failure . 
is going to sleep finally , good night world . 
Dreaming , I was only dreaming ... Of another place and time where my family's from . Singing , I can hear them singing ... When the rain had washed away all these scattered dreams . Dying , everyone's reminded ... Hearts are washed in misery drenched in gasoline . Laughter , there is no more laughter .... songs of yesterday now live in the underground ... 
is going on an adventure to set fire to a < PROPMALE > in R.I. 
Don't forget everyone if you show up at LazerGate on Saturday you can win a date with me ! Everyone should go ! Please ?! OK , now off to set fire to things ... 
Another day , another Friday of me going \Why won't this end !? \"" 
Remember everyone , tomorrow night is \Win a Date with < PROPFIRST > night ! \ " It starts at 8 pm so if you are coming down that is the time to be there ! I will be there in person with questions for my potential dates so come prepared ! " 
Shower , haircut , then heading to work for Win a Date wtih < PROPFIRST > night ! 
is writing proposals for lazer tag systems and getting ready for Win a Date with < PROPFIRST > Night ! 
So tonight was a bust , although someone apparently thinks I am cute . Also got a kick ass haircut from a cool chick . So not a complete loss but meh . 
is starting to think he is crazy ... who is up for a road trip ? ( Considering he has no car , hoping someone is . ) 
caved and just joined Gamefly . 
Of course , when I finally have a damn phone I can't find the charger that goes to it ... FML . 
Just enough knowledge to know I don't know , anything anything anything ... I don't know . Nobody likes what I like , that's how I like it . Some things are personal at least they should be or is it too much , much to ask you just to maintain a little ... maintain a little ... maintain a little ... maintain a little ... maintain a little ... maintain a little ... maintain ... Take the cynical saint to the stake and you burn it . 
If I am going to be a fool , then I am a fool but I will never be your fool , not anymore . You had your < PROPMALE > and you blew it . Interesting how much change a weekend can bring . Setting my sights on the impossible again because I would not have it any other way ... 
Every day I wake up and it's Sunday . Whatever's in my head won't go away . The radio is playing all the usual . What's a Wonderwall anyway ? 
is going to Club Hell tonight cause he actually has a ride for once ... this should be interesting . 
is walking to Stillpoint and then going off to Club Hell after ! Call or text me I guess . 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me and know me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will ... be amazed , at how interesting this can really be . 
is wondering where these bouts of insomnia are coming from again ... and hopes to hear from the persons he messaged soon . 
Do I message a total stranger or not ? I can never make up my mind , what do I have to lose but dignity ... 
The truth is , I do not want to give your things back . Its all I have left of you . 
Playing some DoW2 : CR then poker . Be back later . 
So I busted my eyelid open and I am going to have a scar above my eye . Still don't feel any pain , so whatever . 
Heading back to Fall River now , longest day ever over ... 
Can't believe I slept all through the day and all throughout the night . Something is definitely wrong . 
feels like walking around today , just walking like he used to . Anyone want to come along ? 
Possibly going for another walk this morning then it is a day of boredom . Anyone doing anything before 5 p.m. ? 
F'n a I was right WHOOOO !!!!! 
You always struck me as the type to take it lightly ... but now you're gonna have to shut your mouth and fight me . 
Everyone in this townis seeing somebody else . Everybody's tired of someone , our eyes wander for help . Prayers that need no answer now , I'm tired of who I am . You were my greatest mistake , I fell in love with your sin .... your littlest sin . 
Wow , someone just had an explosive end on Lost ... heh . 
I just realized CoV/CoH : Going Rogue is coming out in three months ~ ! 
is planning on going on a walk around New Bedford later , anyone in ? 
Last night was the best night I have had in years ... and yet I feel so hollow . Any ideas why ? I do , I see how things could be , how things should have been , a return is in order , no more running away . 
My beating heart belong to you , I walked for < PROPMALE > ' til I found you . I'm here to honor you . If I lose everything in the fire , did I ever make it through ? 
\See you in another life ... brother . \"" 
is starting to make plans for his birthday ( June 7th ) , a trip to New York to see the stage play version of American Idiot . Anyone want to come along ? 
I tried to live alone but lonely is so lonely you know ... So human as I am , I had to give up my defenses . So I smiled and tried to mean it , to let myself let go ... 
I'm a mess and your words just give me time to give you a waste of time . One of those nights where you leave me for no reason I'll give you a reason ... If seconds heal the wounds I'll put these tips on you . 
So go ahead run away say it was horrible ! Spread the word tell a friend tell them the tale ! Get a pic do a blog heroes are over with ! Look at him not a word hammer meet nail ! Then I win then I get everything I ever ... All the cash all the fame and social change . Anarchy that I run it’s Dr. Horrible’s turn you people all have to learn ! This world is going to burn ! Burn ! ( yeah it’s two R’s , h-o-r-r yeah right ) Burn ! 
Alright , I am going out for a day or two ... anyone got a car I can borrow until Mon morning ? 
I just want to get away from here , just go and come back with a new perspective , something different needs to be done or I am going to drive myself crazy . 
is going out for a couple of hours ... loves his friends . 
just bought an authenticator for his WoW account , not going through that bullshit again ... 
Sleep ? Nah ... I don't think I am getting that anytime soon . 
thinking to myself ? as i ponder what is life about and where is my black cock 
Gah , what a night ... time to think for a bit . 
Damn you < PROPFEMALE > , every time I get a newsletter I want to join again ... * shakes fist * 
Well ... at least I tried sleeping , lol . 
Here's another pity , there's another < PROPMALE > . Try to learn a lesson but you can't . If we can burn a city in futures and in past , without a change our lives will never last . Cuz we're going fast . You can sit beside me when the world comes down , if it doesn't matter , then just turn around . We don't need our bags and we can just leave town . You can sit beside me when the world comes down . 
Here I go , so dishonestly , leave a note for you my only one ... and I know you can see right through me so let me go ... and you will find someone . 
I need a new test , then I set out to choose someone to light the soul like a kiln just imagine us chasing this with eyes gone from sleep apnea . A slight of tongue as the seas are empty ... I gasp and hold my breath these needs have changed so deep to face you all , lets say I've been awake for ... 
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . 
Upon further investigation I have realized that I want this more than I realize . I didn't realize what I am fighting for until now . I think too much when everyone thinks I am not paying attention . Walking around Boston today helped a lot . 
I am not looking forward to Saturday . 
I didn't think to bring a wash cloth or to rub away the dirt . Myself and I we share this barely beating heart of hurt and when the hurt comes there's an argument , a fight to save a smile . A small attack on human tears to dry them for a while ... A dream we all should count on ; Yeah a vision I believe where confidence is found attached to wires on our sleeves ... 
Uggg ... why can't I ever sleep ? 
It has almost been six months and you face still haunts my dreams . Maybe that is why I never sleep well anymore . You are like a bloodstain that I can never wash out . It makes me wish that hindsight was not 20/20 . 
is re-watching Gundam W , ah the memories . 
is on the ledge looking over . What do I have to lose ? 
It is official , I am team MiB . 
I walk a fine life between honest and stupidly transparent . 
As I have said it a millions times before , I am not drunk enough for this . 
I've been up late writing books all about heroes and crooks . One of them saves you from this ; the other one steals you . Of all of the places I looked and all of the pictures I took . One of them's here with me now . I'm finally finding out how ... sure things fall and all sure things fall . 
If seconds heal the wounds , I'll put these tips on you . When faith is left to prove , it's all you have to loose . \ 
I'm a mess and your words just give me time to give you a waste of time ... One of those nights where you leave me for no reason I'll give you a reason ... 
So I wake up at begin to play A . Wake and then suddenly my Xbox shifts for a second and the whole disk gets scratched ... there goes a < PROPFEMALE > $100 down the drain . 
is teetering on the edge of sanity again . So many possibilities and they all haunt me . I wish my imagination wasn't so vivid at times . 
i'm a little tea cup ... 
Really needs to see the ending of Lost on the day it airs ... anyone got a TV that I can hijack for 2 and half hours on Sun from 9 to 11:30 ? 
English motherf*cker do you speak it ? 
... I can't believe it is over ... I unfortunately was right ... it was what came after . As < PROPMALE > said ... \It only ends once . \"" 
My eyes are burning and I am struggling to stay awake , one moment ago I could have been awake all night ... now , not so much ... I wish this summer would never end . 
It is official , unless they bring back FlashForward , I am going to hate ABC forever . 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > Hopper , rest in peace . 
Today is a The Hives kind of day . 
The Hives are Law , You are Crime . 
Is not happy , not in the least with people's decisions but who is he to say anything ? There seems to be a change in the air . Now he gets to watch it all burn . 
What is everyone's obsession with the past ? I just want to forget it already ... 
Thats right , went back to an old school pic of me . 
... and now I feel kinda depressed . God I hate making decisions like this sometimes ... 
I hate being right . 
Just finished the < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim series . 
GORILLAZ ARE TOURING IN THE US ! I need to get tickets . 
HTC Nexus 1 or an Samsung Galaxy S ( Vibrant) ? What to choose ... 
Maybe I just need to be alone . I can't depend on anyone but myself . 
Why do I even bother some times ? 
Is pissed off beyond belief and to think I've only been awake for five minutes . 
The more I read , the more I think everything is falling apart . 
What in your right mind makes you think that this is the best idea ? What were you thinking ? Does this mean nothing to you ? All I got is left is fear and a bitter taste in my mouth . Ten months ago was the last time I felt this way , ten months ago . 
Just watched the end of what seems to be the last season of Red vs . Blue ... I don't know what to say . 
I don't know what I am doing this time . I don't understand why I am telling people these things . So much blood and blame on my hands . I am starting to see red again . 
If you have a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , forgiven your faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift most of us don't deserve . Repost this if you have or have ever had an amazing dog 
Rule 1 of life . \ 
Never assume \Nobody could be THAT stupid . \ " \ 
fuck ! Ass ! 
Sick and can't sleep . Wow I feel like crap . 
Kind of feel left out and sick . 
Sometimes I just wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 9\ 
INT : 13\ 
WIS : 16\ 
DEX : 14\ 
CON : 11\ 
CHR : 17\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
Is stuck at home bored , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Ah , phone is online ... again . 
So lucky I have a nice , awesome girlfriend who wont take advantage of the fact I left my facebook open 
Heading out for work , wish me luck . 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh , Stuck up for you , Drove you crazy , Got mad at you , Watched you succeed , Saw you fall , Picked you back up , Cheered you on , Had your back , or made you mad and all these things made your friendship these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship , paste this to your status and see if they know who they are ? Like if you think it's you . 
After starting to watch Hetalia : Axis Powers again ... I still can't peel myself away ... @.@ 
Starting to get his costumes together for AB ... cause he can't sleep . 
Another sleepless night 
First night is finally over . Thank god 
One week ... just one week . 
As I lay here now I wonder , am I making the right decision ? 
Off to work again ... * sigh * 
I keep forgetting there are two voices in here . 
I wish this week never happened 
Is sick of people lying . 
Q : How much coke did < PROPFIRST > Sheen Do ? \ 
\ 
A : Enough to kill Two and a Half Men 
Why do all the good video game stores never break a street date ? 
I like turtles ! 
