Cobra lounge feeling good 

School today 
on facebook at school . i really should start on my math homework !! 
i'm liking all my classes so far but japanese could be a pain for me 
homework is so mind numbing its ridiculous but it has to get done 
i'm getting the < PROPFEMALE > of my classes finally 
i want tomorrw to go by really fast 
yes finally today is my friday and i only have 2 classes left today . hit me up ! 
homework time ! 
i hate essays ! 
i've been up all night !! 
i can not believe i'm still awake 
homework time again 
right so still tring to figure out whats going on today 
tired very very tired 
i need to find some more pictures 
well good night everyone its my friday tomorrow ! 
hit me up 360-393-0697 
it was a really good night last night but got to get back to reality and finish up my homework . 
UFC 121 ! 
darn it didn't win that mega million this time but i'm feeling pretty soon its gunna happen ! 
at western tonight trying to finish an essay 
just got fall out new vegas today can't wait to play 
hahaha wow i'm in a really good mood right now ! 
hahaha i am < PROPFEMALE > happy right now i just found my coat that has been lost for a while now lol 
it's a great feeling when one persons wednesday is also a friday 
its getting quite late but i'm still wide awake 
i feel like these 2 people are stalking me a little bit with my quiz taking hahaha 
man it's my friday 
i guess i'll catch up on my shows 
something disturbing !!! 
finally home hahaha 
it is amazing the things you can buy on the internet ! 
watchin conan the barbarian great stuff . 
heading off to the concert !!! 
I think I'm getting sick gross 
Is having trouble falling a sleep ! ! 
it looks like its time for bed !!! 
well gotta go and drop these peeps off the head to god knows where lol 
well court went well today i think hahaha 
i woke up wayy to early today !!!! 
I guess its just a sleep day again nothing else reallly to do . 
Tonight should get Interesting 
ohh what to do , what to do tonight ? Happy New Year Everybody ! 
Tomorrow is gunnar be really good 
school was good this morning but i'm not liking that long break in between my classes today ! 
i need something to do tonight !!! 
finally its time to head to class ! haha 
today is the day that i win it big ! 
Sooo Tired !! 
i should probably get to work and focus on my school work ! 
Court in the Morning , so not looking forward to it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > bored 
< PROPFEMALE > Pissed right now ! 
my night is going good so far ! 
i need to go out tonight ! 
its time for some much need fun in the sun kind of day !! 
having no chat on facebook really sucks lol 
had a really good night last night hope tonight turns out just as good lol 
trying to get a job today 
< PROPFIRST > you bastard 
tonight has been a good night not as great as some but still good and better then i thought it would be . 
i think its time for me to start my day 
first day of work went well 
today wasn't to bad i had fun lol 
the weekend is almost here i can't wait for it to start 
its been a good night so far the only down side is work tomorrow morning ! 
shit i'm < PROPFEMALE > confused about my life all i know is that i gotta get ready for friday & saturday!!!' 
i hate not having chat avaliable to talk to some people 
a lot went on this weekend , tons of good stuff too . \ 
the improvathon was a success we had a great time , wish more people will go next year with us . 
its been a long day and i'm tired , but court went okay in a lot of debt now thou wish me luck to try and pay that off . 
think i might go on a walk 
haha i finally shaved my beard off , man it took forever ! 
this weekend sounds like its gunna be starting off pretty good ! 
and so ends the last day of my job hopefully i'll be able to get another one soon 
tonight should be another good night out , but for me right now i think i'm just gunna sit back and relax . 
kids these days !? 
its 5:55 
What to do on a sunday night ? Cobra lounge anyone ? 
time for bed tonight was good , but tomorrow is always the day that i could make better , then yesterday the past its already went and gone so fast . 
finally get to see the new < PROPMALE > potter , watching it right now still trying to watch afterwards maybe danyal tosh happy thoughts or maybe watch a knights tale tough choice ha . 
the upfront was good tonight very funny , great show !! 
i probably should eat something , not feelin to good 
big batta boom ! 
upfront tonight ! hmm maybe birch bay who knows ? 
just got to birch bay from downtown bellingham now just chillin with my older sister 
i suppose its bed time 
okay well maybe not bedtime i'm still way to awake for that , i'm just bored watching the food channel haha 
its such a nice day today 
feelin pretty tired but thats good , today was a very nice lazy day ! 
only 4 hours of sleep might as well just get up and do something . made breakfast for me < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , probably gunna do the dishes next then head over to get my nephew ! 
i think i need another more stable job ! 
not gunna lie i'm pretty bored about to watch the rings of lord 
Let's see who truly reads my status . You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think ) 
getting kinda tired and pretty bored and i got 45 more pages to read . maybe a nap will help . 
tonight was a good night i haven't had this much fun in a while . 
went to the upfront tonight had a good time , chillin at my moms now up with the family . 
i am So craving some lumpia right about now :( that sounds hella dank 
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there ! 
