Hey everyone this is important !! If u get a message from anyone about being in a video it is a virus . It runs through your whole friends list and sents it to them too !!!! DO NOT OPEN IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE PASS THIS ON 

You muust see thiss vvideo now !! Itt's the beest one !! http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=11376&uid=45228867136 
I was just reading the roane county paper's story about B . Burgesse's death . Does it bother anbody but me that they explain word for word , step by step 2 diffrent ways to abuse pain patches . People are going to do what they want , but they're kids out there that now have instructions to get high and possibly kill themselves . 
You mmust see thiis vvideo now !! Itt's the besst oone ! 
It's pathetic . Went to a party . Home , drunk , and ready for bed by 9:30 . Damn I'm old . 
Just got back from Drive-By Truckers concert at the < PROPMALE > Center . The show was awesome . They did alot of new songs and they ripped it . < PROPMALE > out after the show got to meet whole band got pictures and autographs and talked to them all . Cool band they talked and B.S. with everybody , real nice guys all of them . 
4yr olds don't understand when you don't feel good . They want to play , and even though you don't feel like playing , having your kid close makes everything a little better . Even if she's a pain in the butt . 
just watched Rambo 1 & 2 back to back . Still kicks ass !!! 
Just put the rugrat to bed and read her \Where The Wild Things Are\ " . Me and her both love that book . " 
Looks as if someone shook the snowglobe . 
I hope you all enjoy the VD ! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
Daughter week : If you have one daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this to your status . Your world would not be the same without them ! 
Today is a good day . I got the call this morning that I'm going to work tomorrow . First real work since August . I'm excited as I get . Only bad thing is now I've got to get up in the morning like a normal person . I'm use to sleeping till 11 or 12 everyday now Ive got to get up about 6 am . It sucks to be a grown-up ! 
< PROPFIRST > T Conley This is suppose to be true : today close to where i live there is a mentally challanged boy , he called his mom and said mom i caught a troll today u need to come home . she said ill be home at my reg time . a couple hrs later he called her again and said mom u need to come home i caught a troll , again she said ill be h ... ome later . when she got home she found a lil person in the closet . 
Facebook Friends : We need prayers sent out for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his family . They welcomed their son < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to the world 13wks early . He is doing pretty good and breathing on his own right now . He was 1lb 13oz and 13in long . THANKS 
just put Baby Bear to bed . Shes been sick for 2 days . It kills me when she dont feel good . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!!!! In Edmonton , Ky - A little girl , 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car , license was plated Quebec 72B 381 . Copy and paste this as your status . It could save that little girl . This kidnapping is recent , so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you so spread the word !!! 
I'd like to know when was the last time anyone listened to \FREEBIRD\ " . I listened to it today and to me it's still amazing . " 
is SICK ! Not in the normal way , I , m talkinseriously ill . and it suckss 
can't sleep and got to get up in 2 and half hours 
Just watched the \2 girls 1 cup\ " video trailer . I have a pretty stout stomach and that just about made me lose it . " 
HA 
HA HA ! I BELIEVE I HAVE A HERD ON ! 
the boy is scared 
ther are so many b-days around now you can tell were 9 months past the cold of winter 
Today is my baby girls 5th birthday . HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !! Love Daddy 
Just got back from black walnut festival and am wore slap out ! Kid was out before we got home . Had fun but glad its over !!! 
WARNING !!!!!!..... Don't Use the Christmas Tree App . Please be advised it will crash your computer . The Geek Squad says it's one of the WORST Trojan Viruses there is and it is spreadingquickly . Re-post and let your friends know 
Workin on water pump all day , now with Coburn's mom in ER . Roads r goin to get nasty . Can't afford to miss work again . About to lose my mind ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just left our house . Left the goods , shared a shot and hit the road . Don't think you can get DUI in a sleigh . 
woke up and went in to find < PROPFIRST > . still in bed I asked if she seen what < PROPFEMALE > brought her . With the saddest face she said\ I didn't get anything\ " broke my heart . I asked her what she ment she said she looked and nothin was in her playroom . I told her to look in the living room . then everthing was OK " 
1 more hour and it will be over . Yee-FREAKIN-Haw !! 
watchin Blues Brothers . love this movie 
seuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d\ 
pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l\ 
35 
Just drove home from < PROPMALE > . It SUUUUUUCCCCKKKKEEEDD so bad ! 
F'n water froze off , house cold as hell . SCREW WINTER !!! 
I've been told if you want to hear God laugh tell him your plan . Because of this I beleive I'm one of his favorites cause I bring him so much joy . 
This sucks the kid is sick and gotta go for x-rays in < PROPMALE > and Dads on his way to Clarksburg with pnemonia 
I don't know who YOU are , but if I find out I'll bury You in the mountain and YOU won't be heard or seen again . 
Does anyone need a good dog ? My dad has some pups je'd like to get rid of . They r Shepard and Boxer mix so they r goin to get big but they should be pretty smart . 
