is excited for my new facebook account !!! 

could'nt sleep !! 
soooooooo tired !! 
is realizing that squirls dont like thier pictures taken 
kool 
is gonna leave bye !!! 
is EXTREAMELY excited about a Halloween party a friend is having !!! 
I have to march in the Veteran's Day Parade for marching band ! ICK !!!!!!! :( 
is just finishing putting up the THIRD Christmas tree in the house . 
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something , wearing stripes with plaid comes easy . 
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk , and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up . 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music . 
This is Od , and I'm just gonna say < PROPFEMALE>'s a crazy face !!!!!!! I'm jk ! 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music . 
Computer games don't affect kids ; I mean if Pac-Man affected us , we'd all be running around in darkened rooms , munching magic pills and listening to repetitive electronic music . 
As Long As There Are Tests , There Will Be Prayer In Public Schools 
The problem with < PROPFEMALE > is stupidity . I'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity , but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself ? 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid , but some abuse the privilege . 
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them . 
Actual Headline : Typhoon Rips Through Cemetery ; Hundreds Dead 
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination . 
Life is pain . Anyone who says different is selling something . -The < PROPFEMALE > Bride 
The old believe everything , the middle- aged suspect everything , the young know everything 
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus . 
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're moving .... 
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
Never interrupt your opponent while he's making a mistake . 
My walls have acne ! ~ Mr. Schmucker < PROPMALE > Schmucker 
One of my teachers basiclly implied that my entire 6th period s.s. class is going to live our lives as hobos and never get jobs ... comments anyone .... ( no offense if you are indeed a hobo ... I have nothing against you personally ... its just ... well ... I dont want to be a hobo . Thats all . No hard feelings ...... ) 
Ya know ... when your an only child of a sometimes grouchy , hard working mother thats getting her masters degree , its pretty easy to get stuck with all the work in the house ... that is ... if I do it ....... 
Evolutionists have proof without any certainty . Creationists have certainty without any proof . 
In order to keep a true perspective of one's importance , everyone should \ 
have a dog that will worship them and a cat that will ignore them 
My level of maturity changes depending on who I'm with . 
Dental-Chair Discovery : Dentists are incapable of asking questions that \ 
require a simple yes or no answer . 
An American's a person who isn't afraid \ 
to criticize the president but is always polite to traffic cops . 
Knowledge is realizing that the street is one-way , wisdom is looking \ 
both directions anyway . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Rule #32 : Every rule has an exception . Especially this one . 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is \ 
suffering from some form of mental illness . Think of your three best \ 
friends . If they are okay , then it's you . 
AHHHH !!! ITS 12:34 AM AND IM just GETTEING HOME FROME SEUSSICAL PRACTICE !!! I SWEAR ... THIS IS GOING GO KILL ME !!!!! I CAINT EVEN SPELL THINNGS RIGHT ! I dint care if there wronge im too tired !!!!! 
When I hear somebody sigh \Life is hard\ " I'm always tempted to ask \ 
Woke up singing Seussical this morning ... Why wont it just STOP !!! 
Only 4 more Seussical shows ... I'm gonna miss everyone so much when its over ... :( 
Etc : A sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do . 
Tonight's the last night to see Seussical ! I can't decide weather I'm happy or sad that its over ... :) :( : 
Well ... it's done ... Just got home from striking the set for Seussical and right now I just can't imagine not going back tomorrow ... I miss everyone already ... :( 
Dont you hate it when complete strangers ask you to be their friend ?? like ... their not even friends of friends ...!!!!! 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like \ 
expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . 
This is a quote from my good friend < PROPFEMALE > Brown ... \Facebook is like the fridge ... ya keep checking it when your bored but nothing ever changes \"" 
~ You : I'm bored . Mom : Okay , then clean this ... You : Never mind ! I found something to do ! 
You never learn anything by doing it right . 
You never learn anything by doing it right 
I intend to live forever , or die trying . 
Smile : A curve that sets everything straight . :) 
is now disgusted by candy ... especially ... ' Hard Candy ' ... ick ick ickky ickky ick !!!! 
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis ... comments ? 
hates waking up in the middle of the night to throw up !!! 
If you expect nothing , you can never be disappointed . Apart from a few starry-eyed poets or monks living on a mountaintop somewhere , however , we all have expectations . We not only have them , we need them . They fuel our dreams , our hopes , and our lives like some super-caffeinated energy drink . 
A true friend stabs you in the front . 
A true friend is someone who is always there for you , with no agenda other than the friendship itself . We rely on our friends to lift us up in bad times , to keep us grounded in good times , but most importantly , to be there for us when we need nothing at all .... 
The idea of someone can often be much more attractive than the reality of that person . That's why long-distance relationships work . Your idealized romance remains untainted by bad breath , bad habits , and embarrassing parents . Your so-called soul mate is always the person you'd wanted and wished for . The < PROPMALE > drawback is , your soul mate is never around . 
Words not only help us express emotion , they distance us from it as well . They can be a useful safety net , protecting your heart from overexposure , parceling out your true feelings in carefully crafted syllables rather than gushing sincerity . they can also be misinterpreted , doing damage by creating and impression in someone else's mind that wasn't intended . Sometimes , things really are better left unsaid . 
Nobody can have it all . Thus , jealousy , which is not necessarily such a terrible thing . Jealousy is kind of like an emotional dipstick that tells you how hot you , your wants , your needs , or your relationship are running . A barometer of personal satisfaction . The real issue is whether the jealousy you feel is motivating or crippling . For some people , it's both . 
Timing is everything . We let some people in and keep others out for all kinds of reasons , most of them having to do with timing . The difference between good timing and bad timing , between making friends or making problems , is usually just a matter of readiness . Dead , alive , or in-between , nothing is more futile that being in the right place at the wrong time . 
People who think they know what they're doing are especially annoying to those of us who do . 
While at < PROPFIRST > s house , < PROPFIRST > and I are busy doing something and we hear Anonymous ** say \I gotta pee ! I gotta pee ! GET AWAY FROM ME CAT ! I gotta pee ! Bounder ! what are you doing I got ... so < PROPFIRST > says use the bathroom upstairs ! ** says wheres that ?!? while spinning in circles on the floor at the foot of the stairs ... oh Le ... I mean ** ... you kill me ! " 
Ok , so guess what < PROPFIRST > Lautner's status is right now ? \OH MY GOODNESS GUESS WHAT !!!!!!! hi :) \ " No joke !! It kinda makes me not want to be friends with him ... " 
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when I say sticker ? Please tell me ! 
\If only people were as perfect as the hole a round worm makes ... \"~ Mrs. Witski -H.A.L.S " 
Change is inevitable , except from a vending machine . 
If my calculations are correct SLINKY + ESCULATOR = EVERLASTING FUN !!!!!!! 
What would a chair look like , if your knees bent the other way ? 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes and just wanted to say I really appreciate this !!!... ok ... now for the selfish , all about me part . Woohoo !!! So this is what it feels like to be 14 ... haha ! I'm awesome !!! ( just kidding ! ) 
My mom has a new pet stocker ... hmmm ... what to make of this ...?? 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to\ 
charge because you are a vegetarian . 
There's never ever ever ever ever been a show like VeggieTales ! 
You're caca ! I don't want you ! 
HAND SNAILS !! 
STOP HITTING ME WITH YOUR WAND < PROPFEMALE > !! 
wonders what would happen if you mixed a fish and lion ... 
hates Black Friday ! 
The world is full of idiots . Sure , they can be annoying , but without them how would we know how the world works and what not to do ? 
Would you take offense if someone called you a ' bed pig'' ? 
\This reminds me of < PROPFEMALE>'s Workshop except it smells like mushrooms and everyone looks like they want to hurt me\ " ~ Buddy the Elf " 
Maybe you're right ... I'll get a giant barrito too ! BOOORRRRRIIIIIITTTTTTOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
Pretending I'm a pleasant person all day is exhausting ... 
Has just discovered the delights of on-the-stove , homemade , original Hershey's recipe hot cocoa topped with fresh marshmellow cream ! 
Has a new cousin !! 
is tired with people posting stupid things * The Friend Quiz , Do you know your friends , Best Match ... things like that * on her wall !! 
That baby ate my chihuahua !! 
wants to know what would happen if you combined a pickle and an orange ... hmmm ... 
Thinks those ancient war games for computers that her cousins play are really stupid !! 
Did you know that pearls melt in vinegar ? 
Your mama is so fat Shamu said she would have to slim down before they could hook up ! 
Ya ! Come on Packers !!!!! 
Is changing her views about this so-called \wonderful\ " snow . " 
Healthy rump .... Like if you know what I'm talking about ! 
Hates it when you're plugging something in and somehow get painful currents of electricity to surge through your body . OWWW !! 
If you watch Saw backwards it becomes a story about a generous man giving countless limbs to the disabled . 
Watching Scooby-doo ... when did a Shaggy and < PROPFEMALE > become a thing ? Oh , and when did < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > not ?? 
has been at the hospital since 6 a . m .... soooo tired ! 
Today I got called ugly < PROPMALE > cheese spread by Morgan ... I wonder how I taste ...! 
Is totally loving Going Bananas !... I think 
