Good bye 2009 and welcome 2010 should be way better 

i now know why everyone says avatar is amazing ! 
well ... alright then 
its off to work we go 
damn im tired 
Silence for the < PROPMALE > of Pop 
well .. shit sticks 
a nice evening 
o rly ? no < PROPFEMALE > ! 
im surrounded by weird people ... help me ... 
Public Enemies was sweet 
what to do , what to do . maybe its time ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter was a little ... unsatisfying 
Haunting of Conneticut was a 6/10 for scary 
why did my house have to be the rendezvous point for all the girls to go to < PROPMALE > Camp 
Some people are as intelligent as bricks 
... damnit , damnit , damnit , damnit 
Someone kill me please ! -_- 
i really should go to bed .... 
shoulda gone to bed earlier last night 
hi 
It is almost ready -_o 
oh things are gona go down hill really fast , rather soon 
Shit hit the fan 
Boring night ahead 
Q . Q 
just home from work ... time to study biology 
With half the school sick wonder whos going to be there tomorrow 
is disappointed 
Now Too is sick 
is almost back to good health , still has to work today ... 
DnD was awesome ! 
to much , to little time , something is going to crash and burn 
time to write , and then write some more , and then maybe write some more , and then maybe ... idk sleep ? 
Needs more children of Bodom songs 
Some just dont listen , when asked something 
I must not fear . Fear is the mind-killer . Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . I will face my fear . I will permit it to pass over me and through me . And when it has gone past i will turn the inner eye to see its path . Where the fear has gone there will be nothing . Only i will remain . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Dune . 
Has found some awesome new music , or it found me ... either way deserves an \Official Seal of Awesome \"" 
Is feeling uplifted 
Well , here we go lets see how well this works . 
the void 
Good Afternoon 
is PO'ed for some reason 
Playing the piano for 2.5 hours makes for a good evening ... is also very relaxing 
wants to just hang ... working a friday night .. sigh 
studying for the ACT ... fun weekend 
Deacons today ! 
oh memories ... some just arn't worth remembering 
< PROPFIRST > Joplin is the shiz 
Today was pretty good 
a bit chilly out side 
Hate it when you realized you have two equally important events happening on the same day and nealry same time ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Spektor = Awesome 
Awesome night ! 
Brain hurts from continuous reading of music >.< 
APPARENTLY ITS CAPS LOCK DAY 
Well with all this empty time i now am able to write my senior seminar paper 
Has nothing to do now ... 
ARHG must get out of this house ! 
God i love Ludovico Einaudi's music 
tired and dreary , time to sleep and wash away all my worry 
Had an interesting day with SAT , play practice with shooting my eye , and work , I IS TIRED !!! 
Is it bed time ?? 
Off to piano 
Driving to the HS then to jennas house then after all that i cant get up my own cul-de-sac ... 
NOOO the craneberry juice is gone !!! 
BIo test is going to be aweful 
Is playing at the Whole Foods in South < PROPMALE > from 2-4 if anyone wants to sit and listen ! 
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them with bull shit 
Guess its time to sleep 
midnight and still going strong on college essays 
Senior Seminar Presentations tonight ... whooo ... 
One of the worst days I've had a in a while and only going to get worse 
well even tho the outing to 3rd was a waste evening was still fun ! 
well of what i saw the jazz band seems sweet ! 
humbug 
Do you serve a purpose , or purposely serve ? 
My Mr. Crusader Talent will be EPIC 
new computer is here !!! 
Needs some hanging time 
Whoo accepted to Concordia ! 
played the paino for hours and let time fly by ... should do that homework now .. oopps 
Just saw Avatar in 3D was amazing even the second time around 
Im tired and have to work ... lets put our happy face on ...!!! 
and its time to ... to ... zzzzzz 
statement for the evening ... \we're fucked \"" 
chopin always makes everything better 
i hate it when i miss place my phone somewhere in the house . >.< 
CSU acceptence letter today ... most disappointing congratulations i've ever seen 
Building , climbing , increasing with intensity until ... slowly drifting away into empty silence and tranquility . 
It's time to let go and to sit in solemn silence ... 
The best night i've had in a long time 
Well fine i dont need you , i hardly need anyone at all . ill survive the same way i always have . on my own 
Deer Creek Middle School ... pray 
and the clear crisp rain began to fall to the aching , crying earth 
Awesome job tonight Concert Choir and Chamber Singers 
excellent close to the week 
i believe its time to light the whole thing a blaze , and watch it burn to the ground . to see the ashes blow away in the wind 
NOOO I NEED COLOR PENCILS !!! 
driving thru a blizzard easy ... getting up my own culdesac ... impossible 
Arapahoe choir concert ! 
its spring time ... the mormons are out ! 
my face feels funny ! 
RAAWAHGAWGHAWHARGGGG 
wisdom teeth are out and pain is finaly subsiding with double the dose of percocet 
i look like a puffy faced chipmunk 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ! 
a night with friendly strangers is sometimes more enjoyable than a night with people you know . 
made my way to my own house at ablout 7 this morning ... that was fun 
In my own little corner i can be whatever i want to be . 
its been finalized ! 
Getting inked ! 
best day ever ! 
pretty good weekend if i do say so myself 
not enough hours in the day for practice , work and fun :( 
enjoy your suffering ! :) 
Finally , senior sythesis is done all thats left is a rational ... 
well , i must say that was a fun night/morning 
Nothing like a tattoo to wake one up after a long night 
XD 
I should be home sleeping . 
saltines seem to taste like drywall today 
just God's little reminders that he hates me :) 
today has not been kind to me , fun none the less ... and Ima leave now ... 
It is cruel , you know , that music should be so beautiful . It has the beauty of loneliness and of pain : of strength and freedom . The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love . The cruel beauty of nature , and everlasting beauty of monotony . 
isn't it nice to know that the lining is silver 
and thats how we chill , COAL WENCH !!!! 
oh im so sad XD 
solitude is impratical and society is fatal 
My < PROPFEMALE > is now thin as a bubble 
rain , rain dont go away . just stay for one more day . i stand outside welcoming you , arms open wide , and you return to me with 10,000 angel kisses . 
OMG !!! toy story 3 is one of the best movies ive ever seen . a reminder of what life use to be like 
ah finally , i found them ! 
consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little < PROPMALE > you have in trying to change others 
I'll break you a hundred different ways , and I'll make you remember my face . \ 
Thought that I would let you leave ? It's hard to stop what you can't see . I'm rising up , i've had enough , i'm feeling invincible tonight ! 
Off to seattle !!! 
it was sunny ... what ?? but bainbridge island was beautiful and everything about today was great 
well seattle was awesome . cant wait to go back ... and the biology teacher is scary 
Oh no , it's not me \ 
I just forgot to tell you \ 
Didn't mean , it seems obscene\ 
We just lost track along the way I'm coming to terms \ 
I'm starting to learn\ 
This ain't all it's cracked up to be 
The < PROPFEMALE > of friendship is not the outstretched hand , nor the kindly smile , nor the joy of companionship ; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when he discovers that someone else believes in him and is willing to trust him with friendship 
i can't find my brand new beanie :( 
One gonna hold my memories another gonna close the door \ 
One gonna leave me restless another wanting more \ 
You're gonna keep my soul it was yours to have long ago 
cant sleep and have been losing solitaire for an hour :( 
my mind is now filled with so much useless , but very interesting science 
Found out my room mate is from wasilla alaska , facinating . 
oh my mother is insane 
boredom strikes again , who wants to get out ? 
Imagine a dihydrogen oxide , a compound that has no taste or smell is so diverse in its properties that its generally benign , but lethal at others . Depending on its state it can scald or freeze you . In the presence of certain molecules it forms carbonic acid that can strip faces off statues . When agitated it can strike with fury that no human edifice can withstand . Those who've learned to live with it call it water . 
There is no such thing as a scary movie anymore . They're all so hilarious nowadays ! 
i hate nearly everything in my room . 
I hate being the planner . 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts . And we are never , ever quite the same . 
It rained . 
WE ARE OUT OF CRANEBERRY JUICE !!!!! THIS IS HORRIBLE !!!! AHHHAWWAH 
Anyone have 14 gauge earings i could use for couple weeks ? 
When all your wishes are granted , many of your dreams will be destroyed . 
Remember , you're a wreck , an accident . \ 
Forget the freak , you're just nature ! 
And so , there they were , just quite talk by candle light . 
Mile high music festival !!! 
Boss 
My face is on fire , but totally worth it . 
I heard of a House , where death can not enter any more\ 
many rooms in this mansion all covered in gold . \ 
Sits upon a land where misery has lost its grip \ 
and the rains they shower all our fear away 
I need more blue toothpicks for my experiment ... 
I ran two < PROPMALE > today ! 
in one month ill be in seattle ! 
When you're going through hell it's hardly a good time to stop walking . 
If you call my name out loud\ 
Do you suppose that I would come running\ 
Do you suppose I'd come at all\ 
I suppose I would\ 
And if I was gone from the land we know\ 
Would be the dawn\ 
And let your beauty still show\ 
And if you were walking \ 
And heard the cold night coming\ 
Would you call my name\ 
' cause you know I'd come running 
Keep your eye on the invisible . 
The sand needs to fall faster through the hour glass ... 
I can't see the bottom of the dreadful hole yet sir , it just keeps going on forever . 
All paths are drowned deep in shadow . 
The last exorisim is a grade A movie , best horror movie made recently , havent laughed that much in a long time . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s ? 
The past is only prologue . 
My car needed to be jumped 3 times today ! 
oh the incessant sound of a squeaky toy 
i need a good calm down song , i believe Chopin's Waltz Op . 69 No . 2 ought to do the trick . 
From the ashes a fire shall be woken , \ 
A light from the shadows shall spring . 
let us answer the question of \why ? \"" 
GERONIMO !!! 
Home is behind , the world ahead , and there are many paths to tread . Through shadow , to the edge of night , until the stars are all alight . 
Can you feel it in the earth ? Can you smell it in the air ? 
ripples of the wind . 
i successfully slept through the entire afternoon , DO WORK ! 
i saw the stars tonight . 
Chemistry just ain't my favorite 
Anberlin concert was pretty awesome , now for sleep ... 
Dungeon's and dragons !!! 
curse those dreaded halogens 
10s 
Now he walks in quiet solitude , through the forests and the streams . \ 
Seeking grace in every step he takes . 
today is gonna be a long one :( 
Happiness , it hurt like a bullet in the mind . 
Disappointment is a dished best served icy cold . 
8 
jealous of the snow < PROPMALE > is getting 
Chemistry test defeated ! 
Everybody wants to be somebody , but some are going to be nobody 
Everyone should go home and watch The Human Centipede 
10 days till I am back in Colorado ! 
“We the willing , led by the unknowing , are doing the impossible for the ungrateful . We have done so much , with so little , for so long , we are now qualified to do anything , with nothing . ” 
i just cant focus and study any more ... 
get me out 
hehe waterbed ... 
is home waiting for more people to get back in town . 
Mrggrrlglgrlgrlgrllgggllgg !!!! 
I got a \DAMNIT Doll\ " what about you ?! " 
My body told me to just turn and run ... i listened . 
