It makes my head hurt just thinking about all the school work I haven't started 

Last couple minutes of 2009 ... 
I'm really regretting not starting my outline 2 weeks ago .. 
I wonder how many notifications i can get in 20 minutes ... 
Just realized the outline isn't due till Wednesday . Good thing I havent really started yet 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > Richar and < PROPFIRST > Bidawid , I really wish you hadn't done that . 
Is still laughing . I was playing ' Zoo Tycoon ' with my sister , when suddenly they gave me a Narwhal . 
Finaly done reading \Rebecca \"" 
Go Giants ! That has to be the only time you will ever see me say that . 
Congratulations Giants , you officially suck . Same to the Saints . 
Back from Amans birthday \party \"" 
Watching Dodgeball 
Leaving for Alaska today , be back on the 23rd-ish 
Be back in a week 
Back home 
Back from gold cup finals game ... it was pretty bad 
Anyone done honors history reading ? I dunno which to pick 
Leaving for Texas tomorrow , be gone for a week or two 
Leaving for Cedar Point today 
Last minute of Summer ... 
No matter what anyone ever says about Bush , he never kept me from watching the channels I want to . Like , every other channel is on Obamas dumb speech . 
Is agonizing over this cursed math paper 
Mavs 94- Lakers 80 
So its almost 4 o'clock and the suns about to set . Thats not right . 
Is very glad I went to the game 
Sitting on my couch ; I need to update my status apparently ... 
Wishes the weekend would come sooner 
Wishes the next 3 hours would go by a little faster 
Had a great night 
O.k. day , I guess every day can't be like yesterday 
Wooaahh ... Mavs are 1st in the West ... When'd that happen 
Watching MLS Cup 
I just realized that if the Nets lose their next few games , the Mavs get to beat them in the game for the worst season opening . 
Oh yea , I need to do 14 more notecards 
Wow , Saints are destroying the Pats ... 
No homework to do ... again 
This French guy on the Mavs isn't too bad ... 
Wow , Mavs have 77 first half points ... the Nets really suck 
Nets are 0-18 after an epic loss to the Mavs . Very entertaining game to watch ... 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > get a volleyball kicked at her face , so all in all , a pretty good day ... 
Still has 10 notecards to do . Oh ... 
Still has 10 notecards to do . Oh ... Oh ... wow ... 
Hahaha . I've completed 4 notecards 
Only had to be in school for about 4 1/2 hours today ... 
The Nets might actually win ... 
Did we win ? 
Wow , at least 6 inches of snow and its still coming hard ... 
Watching < PROPFIRST > In Real Life with my sister 
congratulations cowboys , you officially suck . 
Dunno what to say , so , yeah ... 
C'mon no school tomorrow ...! 
I set my language to English ( UK ) . Im still trying to find a difference besides the fact that \log out\ " is now 2 words . " 
Ahhh ... I have that dumb song from Spanish stuck in my head 
History \Essay \"..." 
Yesterday my sister asked , with all seriousness , if New Years < PROPFEMALE > was on December 21 . 
Had a pretty good day , my only wish is that I had hit that volleyball like 3 feet higher 
Wow , \That was an over-reaction \"" 
A pretty good ending to an ok day 
Sweet , Lakers might lose , Mavs will win 
Ah Kobe , if you keep this up you might get as good as < PROPMALE > ... 
Woohoo , winter break ! Oh yea , thats only in Texas ... 2.5 more days still ... 
Woo , its snowing now 
How ' bout dem Cowboys 
That was an intense game ... I think ill go lie down for awhile . 
I might actually start my outline now . * collective gasp * 
Donuts in gym tomorrow :D 
Wow , that was a good game . Despite some Patriot-esque play calling Pitt won 
These virus messages are getting annoying ... is the Iranian Cyber Army coming after Facebook now ? 
New Jersey : Where you have to move something from your garage to the refrigerador to warm it up . 
I am NOT afraid ..... They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it . God Bless those of you who can do it . 
Oh Yeah .... first part of the outline is due tomorrow . Probably shoulda done that earlier 
Done 
Playing with the \smile detector\ " on my moms new phone . Its probably a little more fun thatn it should be " 
CHRISTmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just got back from seeing Avatar 
< PROPFEMALE > ' Christ'mas everyone 
I managed to trip while standing still . 
I dunno why im thinking back on that right now ... 
Im REALLY curious as to why my sister asked for ( and got ) a cheese grater for christmas 
364 more days 
So along with the cheese grater my sister got for christmas , she also received a ladle . So many questions ... 
So happy theres no school tomorrow 
Playing Guitar Hero with my Grandma ... its , umm ... interesting ? 
My sister was just playing a game , and asked me with a serious face , \Are Yetis real ? \"" 
I honestly just realized that tomorrows New Years < PROPFEMALE > . 
Does the new decade start tomorrow , or in another year ...? 
dunno why everyone's saying it's 2011 ... It's clearly still 2010 here 
Ah well , Cowboys didnt get the first round bye , but I think we all know who'll win the first round game now . 
Congratulations Bengals , you officially suck the worst 
Hasn't worked on my outline in somewhere near 2 weeks . Is that bad ? 
Is sorta annoyed . I just found out that my computer is smart enough to realize when i try to change the date to get an extra year out of my Word trial . 
On my last paragraph in my outline , and so far its ... almost 4 pages . 
Should I be concerned that my completed outline is only 4 pages ? 
sorry 
so glad that English project is over 
what a day 
snow day ? 
anyone watching the game , if you saw Southlake < PROPFIRST > stadium you might now understand why i dont like to go to games up here .. 
they better at least give us a delay 
Grandparents are over . Grandparents don't know how to check for delays . They get you up anyway . 
Just got back from Fujiyama , I love that place .. 
haha .. Eagles suck 
Wow , Pats are getting destroyed 
Wow , I knew the pats were bad ... but this is just horrible . And by horrible I mean wildy entertaining . 
So facebook just posted some quiz to 9 peoples walls for no apparent reason . 
just noticed my bibliography for hiistory is saved at school so I cant work on it . Oh well ? 
Have you ever seen a commercial , and thought to yourself , \Someone got paid to make that .. \"" 
I love some of these guys on Idol ... 
I hate it when people type in all caps cause I get a headache from yelling at myself in my mind . 
lookin ' like a fool with your pants on the ground 
Pants on the ground Pants on the ground Lookin’ like a fool with your pants on the ground With the gold in your mouth , hat turned sideways Pants hit the ground , call yourself a cool cat Lookin’ like a fool , walkin’ to the town With your pants on the ground ! 
Interesting day , Lichatin completely shut down my paper and I got to see Megans amazing knock out skills . 
That was quick 
watching < PROPMALE > Cook 
the cowboys cannot lose today . i will be very mad 
Wow , well I guess I cant really argue with anyone who says the Cowboys suck now 
heh , Jets might win 
Anyone else watch human target ? It was pretty good . 
Saved most the work I did on my research paper on the school server . Now I get to redo half of it . 
so along with having half my paper being saved on the school server , my entire annotated bibliography is as well 
Anyone know how to cite a website for the second time when using footnotes ? 
It just sorta hit me that I have to turn in this paper tomorrow 
It is currently 77 degrees in Madagascar . I wanna go to Madagascar . 
Does anyone know where the ' n ' in ' puzzle ' is ? My sister asked . 
got an A- on my research paper :o 
Good day ... and its Friday 
Jets look good .. 
Oh well , Jets lost ... go Vikings ? 
not this time Kobe 
so , are the Vikings trying to lose this game ? 
why do all my teams lose ... 
You know how some days go by really quickly ? Today wasn't one of them . 
still have to go through half my research paper and completely re-do most of my bibliography . crap 
??? Yay for interbangs 
just realized Doogie is the guest judge on American Idol 
Just realized I have all my research paper stuff saved at school . Crap . Again . 
Has 2 concert reviews to do . I didn't go to 2 concerts . 
Dear Board of < PROPMALE > , The honors/advanced class system should be removed . It creates an idealogoy that the students in the higher classes are above the students in the lower classes . Also , by placing all students together , the lower students would have a much greater < PROPMALE > to learn . It would just be so much more efficient . ----------------------------------------------------------- What is wrong here ? 
Winter X 
Absolutely nothing to do till 4 
about to regret not working on my english essay all weekend 
Ok , so scratch that last status , what is the * possesive * form of \everyone . \ " It turns out it doesnt have a plural form :p " 
Pretty sure the highlight of tomorrow will be < PROPMALE > getting his research paper back 
Hot Plate + Lab Paper --> Toast + Confused Mrs. < PROPFIRST > 
My sister just looked at the logo for \Domino's\ " ( which is a domino ) and asked why their logo was two dice " 
Wouldn't it be nice if we had a delay tomorrow ? 
never knew < PROPMALE > was so good at cartwheels 
My sister is currently standing , thouroughly entertained , watching the washing machine 
has become so crazy with this portfolio I've resorted to making random animal noises at my computer 
finally saw The Hangover 
spending the day on the computer and watching < PROPMALE > potter with my sister 
So if the Saints won , and the Cowboys beat the Saints , doesn't that mean that the Cowboys are really the best ? 
Trevor : All solids have high melting points . Me : Not really , just look at ice . Trevor : What are you talking about ? Ice isn't a solid , its water . 
Wondering if I was actually supposed to do my homework .. if so , then tomorrow could be interesting . 
The touchpad and click buttons on this laptop aren't working so I had to connect to the internet , go to facebook , and post this all without a mouse . It was quite a challenge . 
is so bored that I'm seriously considering doing math homework . 
Hmm .. My grandpa is watching \Lady Gaga Takeover \"" 
is pretty excited . They've updated pirate english quite a bit . Probably the highlight of my day 
just found out that my dog barks in his sleep 
Umm ... What the hell NBC , curling's going on right now and you aren't airing it ? 
is pretty proud of the google picture for today . Its a picture of two curling stones . 
hoping for a snow day because .. well ... I have a couple hours of homework I never got around to doing 
has anyone done the spanish essay yet ? 
I just printed out my english portfolio reflection for ' editing ' . I didn't edit it . 
One of my pictures is of a black soldier . My directions say to color his skin white . 
Lichatin's Reconstruction test - I mean , Final , tomorrow .. 
One final tomor - oh wait , I also have a BAND final 
2 more hours of school till summer . if anyone wants to text me 2145579252 
going to an ostrich farm .. long story 
Hey there , summer 
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that The Jungle is worse than Pride and Prejudice 
Had a good time laughing at the French this morning 
what are we supposed to wear to graduation tomorrow ? 
It'd be nice if we got a ref that wasn't completely against us . 
and even better , US beats England 
Nothing to do . text me 
World cup refs are about the biggest joke in the world 
another bad call . No surprises there 
B on Spanish and B+ on Pre-calc finals , Whaat ? 
Just watched my cat try to catch a fly . Talk about entertaining 
< PROPFIRST > was right 
Its 7:30 .... I shouldn't be awake 
\Hey 
Starting the drive to Texas tomorrow 
Is going to be in Southlake Wednesday night till Thursday afternoon , anyone free ? 
Its kinda depressing driving for 9 hours and knowing there's still 16 more to go 
in Texas 
Running out of gas and getting stuck in the middle of the highway - not fun 
I hear a mysterious ice cream truck somewhere .... 
Ferris Bueller's Day Off is on :D 
got braces on today 
Theres an animal outside my window that sounds like the dinosaur from Jurassic Park .. 
They're making a calorimeter on mythbusters . Memories of bio ... < PROPFEMALE > Marione :) 
For some bizarre reason , I have Provocame stuck in my head 
Gonna read some Self-Reliance - I might even get The Poet in later , so , yea ... pretty interesting day planned . Tomorrow should be too ... 
Got stuck sitting by two really loud freshman girls on the bus today . For the record , many stereotypes are , in fact , true . 
Fun soccer game , although I think < PROPMALE > Hill needs to try harder . 
Tired 
Just found a box of matches and couldn't help thinking of freshman Bio , < PROPFEMALE > Marione 
* Note- When steamers start to steam and make a whining noise , its completely normal . They won't explode . 
Just realized I have three tests tomorrow . Who knew ? 
just got out my Nintendo 64 ' cause I'm just that cool , I guess 
My revelation for the day - If you take the faces :| , :/ , and :) , take away the eyes , and turn them sideways , it's a function and its first and second derivatives . Just a thought . 
First draw of the season - c'mon < PROPMALE > Mule 
Spent alot of the day at the hospital . Fun fun 
\Robots are efficient ... and so are zombies ! \ " \ 
A fair warning : I would NOT try my olives at tomorrow's spanish party 
In the car for the next 24ish hours . 
I wish this game would end so I could go to sleep 
Dear Mrs. Buchanan\ 
\ 
Read the ( urban ) dictionary :\ 
Health Class ; A class where you do homework for other classes . A class where you do nothing\ 
Sincerely , IB student 
So , Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > , how do you feel about curves ? 
Huh , apparently I have a crapload of Spanish homework . Joy 
Anyone in Kayals physics class , are we meant to make a graph on excel for the lab or just draw it on the back ? 
So , for my lab my < PROPMALE > slope line has a slope that's ; ess than that of the evarage trendline . \ 
And I did it right . 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was ... buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart 
The KKK - The only organization in which you can be promoted to Imperial Wizard and not be referring to Dungeons and Dragons 
Is tomorrow a delayed opening or an early dismissal ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Leaving for Texas in a few hours :D 
Got an ipad :D 
\I've never goten explosives in my stocking before ! \"" 
It's only 8 ... not too cold 
Finished with my English project and its hardly even 4 . Weird 
You know who Mr. < PROPMALE > reminds me of ? < PROPMALE > Harding 
Its -9 this morning . It feels like -20 . Great monday ahead . 
I'm half expecting Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > to personally come to all of our houses and teach us the next chapter . 
Anyone in period 2 band , how many songs did y'all play last concert ? 
I miss Texas , where exclamations of \It's snowing ! \ " is a good thing . " 
Anyone in my DT class , what's the name of that senior that sits in the back row ? 
Texas :\ 
- Teacher \Looks like its going to snow later this week . \ " \ 
The 5 steps of cancelling school : I think they're in denial right now , and I bet we'll reach depression by tonight 
Phew ... I was starting to think that we might actually be having school ... \ 
Snow Day :D 
Hey everyone , if you're in Salmon's period 4 spanish class and you were going to rewrite the letter and you didn't check hw central today , she wants you to write it at home and hand it in tomorrow . 
I've been playing a single game of Uno for going on an hour now 
