marriage is like a deck of cards , in the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a < PROPFEMALE > , 10 years later you'll want a club and a spade !! 

People don't change -- you just never knew who they really were . 
I love those friends who you can go forever without talking to , but can pick up right where you left off- and be just as close when you do . 
God puts certain things in your life but you have to pay attention , if you don't recognize them you may miss your blessings !! 
~ never take anyone for granted , hold them CLOSE to your heart , if you dont one day you will realize you lost your < PROPFEMALE > while you where 2 busy collecting stones .... 
Nobody can go back and create a new beginning . But everyone can start now and create a new ending ... 
is living for the nights she can't remember with the friends she'll never forget !!! 
Vivian : When I was a little girl , my mama used to lock me in the attic when I was bad , which was pretty often . And I would- I would pretend I was a < PROPFEMALE > ... trapped in a tower by a wicked < PROPFEMALE > . And then suddenly this knight ... on a white horse with these colors flying would come charging up and draw his sword . And I would wave . And he would climb up the tower and rescue me . ( quote from pretty women ) 
believes everyone has a destiny . We can choose how to get there , and make our own mistakes . But in the end the puzzle will fit together the way it was meant to ! 
is on a roll today !! I've drank Pepsi from a Coke glass and walked in through an out door ! Why ? Because I'm a rebel ... Have a good night all Im off to GO Bananas comedy club ... 
is on the island of misfit toys and kinda feels at home here !! 
< PROPFEMALE > visits have been canceled this year -- Apparently you wrote on your Facebook < PROPFEMALE > that you were nice and < PROPFEMALE > is still rolling on the floor laughing !!! \ 
I want to wish all my facebook friends a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... 
is off to meet that gorgeous man of hers in her dreams again . If i wake up with messy hair you will know that it was a good dream ;) night night xx 
I'm wondering ... what was the person who discovered milk , really doing to that cow in the first place ? 
More laundry and dishes !! Do they really have to eat and wear clothes every day ? 
I got a box of Calgon and did what that lady did on the TV , laid back in the tub , \ 
closed my eyes and Calgon never took me anywhere . That's false advertisement !!! 
Alright STOP ... Pajama time ! For those naughty people who don't wear them , close the curtains !!! Google earth is looking ... :) Night all :) 
A life that touches others goes on forever ... Hope everyone has a good day .. 
This should be interesting : compare your family to a TV show , what would it be ? 
Is making snow Angels .. Hey wait a minute .. Why does mine have horns ?? 
I believe in love at first sight . I experience it every time I go shopping ! 
your on a deserted island in the middle of the ocean , and can only bring one thing . What would you bring ?? put your answer in the comment box .. 
is awake , is drinking coffee and is now waiting for an epiphany ... 
Is off the the American Girl fashion show auditions .. wish < PROPFEMALE > luck .. everyone have a good day see ya later .. 
is remembering someone special today . You fly with the angels now but part of you will always be with us . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Marie .. I miss you .. 
As I lie on the on the hot , < PROPFEMALE > white sand beaches of Australia with my fruity rum drink in hand , I pause to thank God for the blessing of my imagination !!! Have a good day everyone I have a sick kid and husband to deal with all day by for now .. 
OH ! The weather outside is frightful ! The snow is sure unsightful ! In case you didn't know .. I hate the snow , I hate the snow , I HATE THE SNOW !! 
bleach , check , Windex , check , scrubbing bubbles , check , maid ? Maid ? MAID ?! Damn , that's me !! 
Is off to go finish my book ... I have a new box of crayons and only 12 pages left !!! 
... My blood type is Folgers . 
' s mind is wandering again . If you happen to see it , please don't step on it - it's damaged enough already . 
has been known to cause dizziness , confusion , heart palpitations , temporary insanity , mood swings , depression , and the giggles . Use with caution . 
did her taxes and is feeling kinda supercalifragilisticexpialidocious today ! :) 
Anger Management 101 : Take a \Timeout\ " then clean the toilet with their toothbrush =) " 
is having a BAD day ... 
Why does Facebook want to know what I am thinking ? Do they not realize that is classified and somewhat scary information ?? 
Wow my baby girls a American Girl Model !!! Yeah Me 
Today I'm using big words to sound smart ... Sorry , I meant utilizing gargantuan idioms to simulate intelligence . 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has , or had , an invisible illness ( Diabetes , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Fibromylagia , MS , COPD , Thyroid Disease , Lupus ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness ... it's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . 
Happy SUPERBOWEL SUNDAY , such a great excuse to eat junk food and scream and yell .. hope everyone has a fun night !! 
I'm not gonna let Facebook suck me in today ! I have too much to do ! Stepping away from Facebook . Really I am ! You're right , I don't believe it either ! : ) 
When you feel stressed , just remember : stressed is \desserts\ " spelled backward ... ( So im off to eat a Hershey Bar or a Almond Joy cant decide guess I have to eat both !! ) .. " 
I don't know why people always get so mad at me for always being right . I don't get mad at them for always being wrong . 
AWESOME DAY ! Just try to wipe the smile off my face ... go ahead ! I dare ya ! 
Just got Xbox 360 and Kinect for Valentines day , also < PROPFIRST > and minne jammies and a big bag of Cashew turtles ... I love my hubby today !! 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s day change your profile picture to you and your spouse /significant other . Re-post and make sure to tell how long you've been together . 11 LONG years !! 
Nothing says \Happy Valentines\ " like saturated fats and slutty lingerie !! Happy Valentines Day to all .. " 
saw a < PROPFIRST > that was covered in dirt & someone had written \I wish my wife was as dirty as this < PROPFIRST >\" . I wrote \ " she is ... when you are at work ! \"" 
It is worrying when you realize your daughter is starting to get an attitude like yours :-( 
If you dance with the devil , the devil don't change . The devil changes you . 
When I was a little girl I used to dream about marrying a man in the < PROPFEMALE > tales . Little did I know it would be Grumpy from Snow White !! 
Just got done with Cieras photoshoot for the American Girl Fashion show .. 
When you ' re sad , or feeling blue , someone somewhere is thinking of you . So when you're down , remember its true , somebody somewhere is dreaming of you . 
who needs a man when there's chocolate - comes in all flavors and sizes , can have it morning , noon or night , it's monogamous and satisfies when hard or soft 
Dreams are wishes the heart makes ... sometimes they don't make any sense , but just wait ... they usually explain themselves ... eventually . :D 
when it comes to my coffee cup , SIZE does matter ! 
If you're troubled today remember to breath slow , take one moment at a time , put the stereo on your favorite song , and sing as loud as you can ! 
Dear Optimists and Pessimists , \ 
Either way , the glass has the same amount of liquid . \ 
Sincerely , a Realist ... 
Husband says : where do you want to go ? wife says : somewhere expensive ! Husband says : okay gas station it is ! 
It's National Book Week . Grab the closest book to you . Go to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules ... \ 
-and he remembered something else , for the first time in his life : a high , cold , cruel laugh . ( Guess the Book ) 
.. is going to spend the day running around kissing all the people with shirts that say\ Kiss Me I'm Irish\ " and see how they really like it !! " 
is busy looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow !! 
I wish I could afford a maid , instead of just the costume . 
\All women want is adventure and security \ " ~ Conway Twitty ~ " 
In the end , Its not the years in your life that count . Its the life in your years .. Abraham < PROPMALE > 
you can never change the past , nor control the future , but you can change the mood of the day , just by touching someones heart with your smile . 
is off to work again .. why couldn't I have been born < PROPMALE > instead of good looking ?? LOL 
If you could only have one thing , which would it be ? \ 
1 ) Intelligence ;\ 
2 ) Wealth ; \ 
3 ) Fame ; \ 
4 ) True Love 
Women marry men hoping they will change . Men marry women hoping they will not . So each is inevitably disappointed . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
... Is off to Fashion Show Rehearsal .. Hopefully my little model will have fun , They are raffleing off American Girl dolls .. hope shes lucky . 
Be thankful I'm not a twin . 
Is going out to find Garbage Pail Kids .. Ciera is obsessed with them . Its crazy how she's loving all this 80's stuff .. 
just stepped outside , closed her eyes , took a deep breath of fresh air , sipped her coffee , perfect morning ! What could go wrong ? crap ! forgot to put pants on ! 
I dont regret the things I've done , I only regret the things I didn't do !! 
