I am new at this facebook thing , ya'll won me over ..... I guess it's a good way to keep in touch with everyone . I'll try and get some recent pictures of the kids up soon . 

Ok I am proud of myself , I put a bunch of pictures up . Hopefully there are more of the children than of the animals , so ya'll don't think I'm a terrible Mom . In my defense , there's 7 aniamls and 2 kids , lol . 
Ok I just realized all the captions I put next to the pictures did not work for some reason . I'll figure it out tomorrow I am tired =) 
It is !! People have been on me for ages to this . Everyone says if you won't send pictures then at least get on Facebook dammit ! I promise I'll put captions on the pictures tomorrow so ya'll know what you are looking at . 
Going fishing today ! 
is tired of taking kids to swimming lessons , she's on her 6th and FINAL week . 
is addicted to Mafia Wars . 
would like for everyone that knew my Mom to take pause today , and think about some of your favorite memories with her . Today is a hard day for me . I celebrate her life all the time , but I am not to the point that I can do that without the tears yet . She was my very very best friend . She was the most wonderful , loving , caring , kind-hearted compassionate person I have ever known . continued .... 
.. continued ... I could always count on her to be my port in the storm . She was so full of strength and bravery . My fondish wish is that she is looking on from heaven from time to time ... and she can see my beautiful children . She can see the grandson she always wanted .... and the smart and sassy grandaughter she has with eyes like mine . I miss you so much Momma ! I love you !! 
It's hot today , and I am feeling waaay too lazy . I have elventybillion things to do and I feel like going swimming with the kids =) 
Is getting ready for my baby to start first grade in one week ! My how time flies . < PROPMALE > and I aren't going to know what to do without her all day ... 
8 years ago today I was on my way to work with my brand new kitten Tinkerbellle . I was going to get her shots , I was listening to a CD .... and I had no I dea what was happening . I got to work and my good friuend < PROPFEMALE > met me at the door .... both of her parents worked in the Pentagon , she could not contact either .... that started off the day that changed the world ... 
Touchdown !!! 
YAAAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! what a game !!! 
is aggrivated . 
is excited that Fall is coming , it's the best time of year ! It's nice and cool today , in the 50's with some rain . We may evne have to turn the heat on tonight . Chili weather =) I can't wait for the leaves to start turning , it's so pretty . 
sick again , ick . 
The leaves are changing , the air crisp ... I LOVE fall in Colorado . 
haha , < PROPFEMALE > will keel you ! He's looking at you < PROPFIRST > .... 
Chicken fried steak and gravy , homemade cream corn , fried okra , biscuits , sliced cucumbers and fresh sliced tomatos .... and of course sweet tea ... Nothing like bringing a little < PROPFEMALE > to Colorado ! 
needs a fricking vacation , lol . 
2 feet of snow and counting .... pics to come ! 
Happy BIrthday to my wonderful Husband ! I Love you baby !!!!!!!!! 
Gobble Gobble ... 
Happy Thanksgiving too all my family and friends ! I just pulled an apple pie out of the oven and it smells soooooo good . I love you guys and miss you all . I am also very very thankful to have you in my life !! 
So at the Welte household , this is our Thanksgiving quote pf the day . \Dead turkies don't eat marshmallows\ " gotta love 6 year olds =) " 
is Freezing !!! 
feeling frustrated and stressed 
Getting Ready for Christmas , and Grandma < PROPFEMALE > to get here =) The kids are SO excited . 
HAHA !!!! Go DAWGS !!! Man did we ever stomp those nasty Texans in the Independance Bowl ... hehe 
pale pink ! 
RIP Trouble =( You were a loved doggie .... we'll miss you . 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ..... and make this your status for at least an hour\ " , 201 0-0 1-23 17:24:14 " 
Getting ready to leave to go get < PROPFIRST > , wish me a safe journey ! 
Went to bed with a headache , woke up with a worse headache ...... can I get a d o-o ver for today ? 
Shoot me now , just make it quick and painless . 
ugh , it's snowing .... a lot ... 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are at the ER ..... we have had a rough couple of days here at the Welte household , keep us in your prayers . 
Mothers ' Day declaration ~ I wanted you before you were born . I loved you when you were born , I saw your face and I knew that I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will . This is the miracle of life . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . I sure do ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic Moms I know ! And Happy Mother's Day to my Momma , you are always on my mind and forever in my heart ... I miss you .... 
It's going to take me a week to recover from that Grey's finale . I made < PROPMALE > watch it with me and he had to keep telling me to calm down , lol . 
Awww thanks guys for all the wonderful birthday wishes ... I feel the love !!!! I cannot believe I am going to be 29 ....... 
I can't find my video camera !!! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are holding hands and dancing in the kitchen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and it's SO cute . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member or friend who have lost their battle with cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for one hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many people wont copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? June is ... cancer month ? ? \ 
\ 
I miss you every single day Mom .... every single day ... 
Ok I love this new phone .......... so expect more random thoughts and images from me !!!! 
Monday morning sucks , lol . 
Has anyne seen The road ...... I watched it last night and it had me literally sobbing !! 
Leaving tomorrow for our first vacation in over 5 years , and our first family vacation ever !!!! I'll be putting pics up so keep an eye out =) 
OMG are we there yet ??? < PROPMALE > is trying to wipe boogers on Savvy ...... so she is screaming . < PROPFIRST > is making loud cow and horse noises , and I need to pee !!! 
We are having a good time !!!! < PROPMALE > is doing well and Savvy is her normal wild child self . < PROPFIRST > is enjoying herself . She taught < PROPMALE > how to feed the fish 
If you have a man that works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world & that you're thankful for every night , post this as your status to give the good men the recognition they deserve , because great men are few & far between !! 
Holy moly it's going to be 101 again today ..... I'm melllllting ..... wait that implies I am the wicked witch of the west . I think I need more coffee ..... 
Annnnd here's the morining's quote from my darling 3 year old baby boy \ Look ! Mommy has boobies ! < PROPMALE > wants boobies ! \ " Thank goodness he expressed that in the privacy of our home . " 
Will someone that plays Frontierville tellme how to change to full screen mode and zoom in a nd out ?? 
Remembering the life of the most wonderful , amazing woman I have ever known . Even though it's been five years today I do not miss her one bit less , nor does a day go by that I don't wish she was still here with us . I love you Mom <3 
At swimming lessons with Savvy .... only 2 more to go ! 
Why is it impossible for me to go to Sams aNd get just what I need ??? 
On the road to becoming a Medical Transcriptionist .... wish me luck =) 
So < PROPMALE > was sitting behind me in my computer chair , wildling flailing his hands around in my hair . I asked him what he was doing ... and his reply ? \I am getting the bugs out Mommy\ " Nice . " 
Why does it always sound like a lunatic asylum in my house ? 
We are at Savvy's first soccer practice . < PROPMALE > is mad because he wants to score , lol . 
So is it wrong to be excited about Halloween already ? We had our first little cold front this past Monday , and I could almost feel fall in the air . It's been absolutly gorgeous during the day and a < PROPFEMALE > bit chilly at night . Bring on Fall !!!! 
Ok since I already broached the Halloween subject .... what are everyone and thier little ones going as this Halloween ? < PROPMALE > wants to be < PROPMALE > from < PROPFIRST > Brothers , and < PROPFEMALE > wants to be < PROPFEMALE > Peach . I think Ishould be a tavern wench , and I thinkMatt should be a Viking or a Pirate . 
What a * gorgeous * morning today ! It's going to be right around 80 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . I was watching the weather and I had NO idea September was the sunniest month here in Colorado . It's < PROPFEMALE > about 300 days out of the year here ... even when it snows . Anyway , looking forward to getting up in the mountains this month and seeing some fall colors . 
Good morning my Facebook friends ! Looks like today is going to be beautiful outside . I could really feel fall in the air this morning , it was in the 40's when I took Savvy to school . I loooooove this weather =) I hope everyone has a terrific day . 
Absolutly cannot WAIT ' til < PROPMALE > , April , and the kids get thier bootys uphere to Colorado . I have been looking at houses ! 
Ok people it's early and I already need a d o-o ver for today . It started out with a tire blow out on the way to school and has gone downhill from there . 
I ? MY HUSBAND : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun & who's been with you through thick & thin & who's a blessing in your life , & you are PROUD to be married ... copy & paste with your wedding date ? Feb . 23rd 2002 
Is worried sick . 
What a play ! Go dawgs !!!! 
At Loco's in Qtown watching the Dawgs . 
Actually that would be Valdosta , I am distracted by all the yelling in here . 
Awwww dammit ! 
Go Dawgs !!!!!!! Go go go !!!!!! 
Was so good to see my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , Uncle < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and April today . I have missed them ! 
Flying home with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . It was wonderful to see so much family , but I am ready to go home now . I miss my babies ! 
On the way to Jacksonville to fly home ! 
Is back in town in one piece . It was really wonderful to see everyone =) Now I have to get settled back in and start getting ready for Thanksgiving , I am so excited this year ! 
Grey's Anatomy is back tonight ! Yay ! 
Does anyone have a tried and true homemade mac&cheese recipe ? I need it to be creamy and cheesy , not runny , dry , oily , or greasy . LOL .... a tall order I know . 
Is ready to get on with things ! 
Soooo my Facebook friends , I want to hear what everyone is doing for Halloween !! What are you and your kids dressing up as ? Any special plans ? 
Ok it looks like this nasty little Indian summer we are having is slowly going away . It was 92 yesterday ! I do NOT live in Colorado for 92 degree late September days , lol . Today is 85 though and tomorrow is 80 .... so maybe we are getting back to normal now . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU ? ;) 
Grandma's pecan pie inj the oven .... the house smells divine ! I added some chocolate so we'll see how that turns out . If you are in the neighborhood , come over for a piece ! 
Soooo I had to make just * one * more trial pecan pie . I think the last one needed a touch more chocolate and 5 minutes less in the oven . I had to make another to be sure ! 
Ok it's going to be hot again today . I am about ready to bitch slap Mother Nature . It's October , I have been patient all summer , and now I am ready for fall dammit ! 
I am thinking about trying a new recipe or two for Thanksgiving . April I didn't see you online call me so we can consult . I am so excited for Turkey Day ! 
NINJA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I like it in the car ! 
It's Friday ! What is everyone up to this weekend ? 
Had a mouse in her house this morning ! You cannot imagine the commotion that cute little guy caused . 
It's almost Halloween weekend ! We have Trick or Treat streets , pupmkin carving , scary movies .... it's going to be a fun weekend ! 
Going to see Paranormal Activity 2 tonight . Hopefully I don't pee my pants or embaress < PROPMALE > . 
Hey my Frontierville peeps , is there anyone out there that can plant 5 sunflower for me , and then let one of them wither ? Pretty please ! I would be happy to return the favor if anyone needs . 
Happy Birthday to my precious baby boy !! I can't believe he is four today .... 
Thanksgiving is only three weeks away ! I can't wait ! 
At the salon early , woot ! 
It looks like it might snow out there today !!! 
The first flakes are flying !! I knew that was a snow sky =) I love it ! 
Only two more weeks til Thanksgiving ! I wrote out my menu today ..... I am so excited . We cannot wait to see < PROPMALE > , April , Grayson and Tristan ... and Daddy too ! What a blessed way to start the holidays . 
Happy Birthday to the most amazing husband anyone could ever ask for . I am lucky I get to spend the day with him because it's snowing . Happy Birthday Baby ! 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and the days before that too . I think of you in silence , and often speak your name . I < PROPFEMALE > the memories , and your picture in the frame . ............... Re-post this if you have someone in Heaven who you miss everyday 
Who's ready for Thanksgiving ?! 
April , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Grayson have safely arrived in Colorado . < PROPMALE > is on his way home with them , and the trip was good ! 
I am so very thankful for all my friends and family . We have been having so much fun with the Walls ! Can't wait for tomorrow !! 
I am so lucky to have April for a best friend , she rocks =) Love you sista ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from \ 
your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday \ 
December 6th . Join the fight against Child Abuse . Copy & paste to \ 
your status to invite your friends to do the same :) 
I am so bummed about our lack of snow thus far . I need a couple of feet to make up for it ! 
Tree is up , decorations are up , outside lights up ! Now I need to start wrapping all the gifts and maybe I'll be done by Christmas , lol . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be part of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour . To honor those who died because of cancer and those still fighting it . 
Fa la la la la , la la la la 
Yay < PROPMALE > for finishing finals !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Love y'all!! <3 
So let's hear some of those New Year's resolutions ... 
Sick and not happy about it ! 
Getting ready to get my cooking on tomorrow ! Greens , black eyed peas , < PROPMALE > and cheese ( thanks for the recipe April ) cornbread , fried chicken , homemade cream corn . Yay for New Year's dinner ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . 
