waiting for the weekend missing < PROPFEMALE > .... off this weekend so i get to spend time with all my girls 

whew going to bed early tongiht 
turns out I won't be going to bed so early . Lol . Go figure ! 
turning in got to work in the morning ... ugh long day nine hour shift .. someone want to rub my feet ? :-) anyone ? lmao just jokin won't make you all suffer . lol 
ok ok i am really going to bed now .. i think lol 
got off work .. another looong day tomorrow .. fed and bathed kids ( well my little sisters did ) 
taking rylee to the doctor .. ugh 
going to work at twelve .. almost friday ! 
getting ready to get supper .... wondering how people can do the things they do and not care who it hurts .. 
whoo hooo i going to the honkey tonk too !!!!!!!!!!! come on out ya'll 
home fromhonkeytonk .. typing wiyh pne eye closed lol 
ugh ... got way too drunk !!! lol .. recooperating 
GOING TO HONKEY TONK .... again :) come on out ya'll 
omg < PROPFEMALE > drunk 
getting ready for the rest of my life ... boy no one tells you how anxious it makes you ... it is the best thing though 
tomorrow is the BIG day !!!!!!!!!! 
i want a great white pelican 
damn i am too slow 
thanks for the animals .. llet me know what u want or need 
headed out to the unknown 
well finally out of this one horse town .. got my girls back ... and i aint lettin them go for nothin .. cant wait till the 1st so i can get on with my life 
Rylee first bday today .... yay !! 
whoo had a blast at the honky tonk last night !!! Lol didn't take enough pics tho :( 
Rip . Dad .. < PROPFIRST > Levroy < PROPFIRST > .... you are loved and missed 
My head and shoulder are killing me !!!! Ugh can't wait for my life to pick up some pace . 
I really hate lying ass men !!!!! 
Hopefully I will have another job tomorrow . Need something to fill up my free time 
gettin off to deal with fightin kiddos 
whew so ready for bed . house full of kids ! someone have any prozac ? lmao j/k 
how does everyone get their children up ? their names i mean ? i am having a serious blonde moment 
Lmao ok my blonde moment is over at last !!!!!!!! Whoo hoo 
ugh so blah .... 2 down one to go ... come on rylee go nite nite !!! 
okidoki artichokie ... know how funny that is when a four yr old says it . Hilarious !!! Neway drinkin coffe then off to try and rejoin the wrking world . my momma is healed . eureka 
Have a horrid toothache .... hopefully going to the bank in the morning will brighten my day .... ugh can't wait for kids to hit the hay so I can relax 
good night everyone ... hope i get a job tomorrow 
Went up to the workforce center and registered ... Still job hunting , but going camping all weekend with like 9 kiddos .. gonna be something else 
omg my lil rylee bug got attacked by a cat .... 
wondering why all my pics didn't upload .. so ready for the kiddos bedtime ... mommy needs a break ... lol 
Yippie !!! The pictures are finally coming up . Let's hope they aren't duplicated like a zillion times . :-P 
Well I put up some recent pics and i am going to bed ... Goodnight everyone !!! Sweet Dreams 
Good morning !!! Drinking coffee trying to wake up . Lol . Looking forward to camping ... 
Ok so we are off ... omg these girls are already fighting .. someone pray for me !!!! lol 
See what happens when tons of girls are left waitin on slow ass men !!!! photo opportunities ! Yay !! 
Omg finally out of the damn river !!!!!!! And just in time !!! The storm is here ... Had a blast got loads of pics to upload gonna take some time .... whew lots of kids tho 
ok kids r sleepin and my head hurts so I am taking a break . Will put the rest up and label them later .. Love you all 
Oh what a slow morning it is ! Just cannot seem to wake up fully . 
Going job hunting in the morning .... Hope I have some good luck ... reading unhallowed .. it is really good ! 
Ever have one of those nights when everything that is wrong in your life just seems to slam into your face painfully ? Well this is one of those nights ... Just ready to get my life back ,,, why is it so hard sometimes ? 
Ok I have about 20 more pics to put up tomorrow(give or take ) , and then they are ALL up !!! Whew !!!! 
Oh LOOOONG day .. got lots of job apps in several are promising .. 2 I would LOVE !!!! Hope to b workin again within the week :) Tired tho so I am resting ... been gone all day .. covered half of silsbee .. lol 
Well sending kids to bed early tonight . They have driven me to the brink of insanity today :P ... Figuring out some mixed emotions I am having . Why is life so confusing sometimes ? Wonder what he's up to ... then wondering why I care what he does ... 
whoo hoo !!!! Goin to th honkey tonk for a couple drinks !!!!! Yay thank you daddy !!!!!!! 
Well had a Great time out ... Sang to my little hearts content ... lol ... ran into someone i could have delt without seeing , fought with kids dad , but had a good time over all ... Why is it that when I try to have a good time , people want to assume I am doing something wrong ? 
Goodnight everyone , I am drunk and people are mad at me , so I figure I best get to bed .... Hmmm I am an adult right ? Sorry just checkin .. someone is reaaallllly mad at me .... but owell life goes on right 
Cleaning house ... putting kids down for nap . Got to call and make dr. appts . ( don't forget < PROPFIRST > ) . lol a little reminder for myself ... got half the house clean already ... yay 
Oh this rain really sucks . Kids can't play outside :( . Well got the house spick and span and kids bathed . Think I am going to finish my book ... Unhallowed Ground . It is really good . 
Ha kids won't let me read ... What was I thinking .. lol .. is it bed time yet ?! anyone ? lmao .. . naw i am kidding .. I will wait ... listening to music now 
goin to grocery store :( 
Omg these kids are giving me a headache ... Bedtime is sooo close . Sweet serenity it will be 
Wow facebook is hoppin late at night ! Lol .. Well kids are all asleep and I am so exhausted so I am going to turn in myself . Nighty night 
Good morning ! Going to hound all of my potential employers in a couple hours . \Fingers crossed \"" 
Have a splitting headache and the kids keep on screaming . Just another day . Lol 
Bedtime is early again tonight . Kids have just been anal . Most likely ha a job tomorrow to get me through till the one I want does their hiring . A little over 30 days . 8 to 5 ... Hell yea :) ... Waitressing will just have to tide me over until then 
Good morning ! Drinking coffee , playing with kids 
Nap time for kids ! Yay . No clue what is wrong with them , but they just won't stop bickering . Need to put my clothes up but I don't want to . Lol . There are Too damn many ! I feel like a clothing store . 90% are the kids . Lol 
Pretty boring around here tonight . Definitely unusual . Lol . Kids going to bed at 8:30 . They don't tend to be so whinny when they do . 
Went to the river for an hour with the kids . They had a ball . Happy 4th everyone !! Had a late night , not a lot of sleep . Sooo exhausted 
Oh this house has gone to the dogs ! Got to get it back in shape . Then hounding all my potential employers . Someone is gonna get tired of me calling and give me the job . Lol . Taking kids to fireworks tonight . They are going to love it 
Kids are napping . It is so peaceful . :-) Still no job :( but still got opportunities . Couple of them said Wednesday . Going to finish my book while I can . Lol 
Whew fireworks over . Waiting on Rylee to go to sleep . So tired . Thinking about what to do with the girls tomorrow . 
Oh just woke up and so tired . I NEED coffee !!! Making kids breakfast 
Was a pretty good day . Cleaned house and visited a friend . Poor Lil ' Red got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > :( so the visit was cut a little short . Going to put my car in the shop tomorrow . Yay it will be fixed sooner than I thought !!! 
Wondering why it took me so damn long to realize the truth , and how long it is going to take this time to clean up the mess ?!?! 
Going to karyoke tonight ! I need a drink 
Had an awesome time last night !! Taking rylee to the doctor . She's sick :( 
Sitting here bored . Watching Rylee act a fool . Lol . Missed the library today so no new book to read :( Hope I make it tomorrow . Going swimming with friends and kids Saturday . Yay 
Well kiddos are down and I am going too . Maybe one day I will end up asleep before 12 a.m. Lol 
I got a job !!!!! Whoo hoo !!!!!!! I am sooo excited . Yay my life is getting better !!! 
Kids are asleep . Early day tomorrow . Even though I am excited and happy about my life becoming something to be even prouder of , a very small part of me still feels a bit sad that \HE\ " chose ( by his immaturity ) not to be a part of our lives . Why can't some people see the good things they have when they are slapping them in the face ? And just how long does it take for a heart to heal ? " 
Up and getting ready for the river . Total kids going to be there today ... Eleven !!! Going to be a blast though ! Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ... Wake up !! Lol ... Waitin on Lil ' Red to get up . 
Well we are so waterlogged !!! But it was awesome and the kiddos had a blast ! Was quite a handful corralling all of those little ones . LOL . Going to sit back enjoy nap time and read ! 
Oh so sun burnt . Lol . Going to catch up on my zzz's because these 12 hr shifts are going to be excruciating ! But worth it when I get that pay check !! ;-p Going to read some more of my book , wrestle kids to quietness . Maybe ???!!! 
Well about to hit the hay . Actually I will probably read for a bit to unwind . Lol ... was a long day and am tired . Lot on my mind , and sleep is a good sanctuary from it . Wish there was something to take to make certain feelings go away , or at least an instruction < PROPMALE > for life . Lol 
Good morning ! Finished my book CRADLE AND ALL last night . It was awesome 
So excited about tomorrow ! I am so happy everything is coming together . Slowly but surely it is . My kids are wonderful , I have a job , and my car is getting fixed . What more could a person ask for ?!?! =) 
About to watch Couples Retreat with my parents . Kids are eating ... Got a big day tomorrow !! Can't wait =) ... Cannot find ANY purple scrubs !!! Anyone have any suggestions as to where I can get them ?!? 
? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Movie was funny ! Kids are down . Guess I will read a bit to unwind . So excited bout tomorrow !!! 
Got the job !! Orientation at 9 a.m. Then I start my first day . I am so excited ! 
Well supper is over ... kids bathed . Time to relax so i can be ready for my new job ! =) Lol I know I am a bit over excited , but hell it is a < PROPMALE > relief/accomplishment to myself . Where there is a will , There is a way !! 
First day of work ! And I am TIRED ! Go figure . Lol . COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE ! 
Well my first day of work was AWESOME ! Then when I get home I found out my parents moved next door ! Lol so now I have their old room , and all the kids ! Wondering if I got screwed in the trade ?!? Lmao . Can't wait till my first check ... going to do something fun with my babies =) . Going to lay down now , bed rail fell on my ankle ! Typical first day ;-p 
This just in ! She didn't come to visit ! She came to PACK !!! LMAO 
Off tomorrow ! Got my scrubs in today . They are so cute =) 
Yay Koty is coming down !!! Whoo hoo 
Well work was fine ... kids at their dads ... too quiet around here .. been a long time since the house was empty . Leaving too much time to think .... dealing with suppressed feelings and it sucks . Why when I finally start to be as ok as I can , does he come back with all his CRAP . I just want to stop caring , and STOP having to repeat over and over and over why I won't \Try Again\ " . Need Prozac !!! lol " 
at my job it is so sad . i almost cried yesterday . especially on the alzheimers unit which is the one i work . it is like their families stick them in there and then forget about them =( most of their walls are bare . goinb to have to get my kids to help me make decorations for them or somethinb . i never want to see anyone i love in one . 
at work .. on break ... so tired .. lol ... 
Finally home !!! Another day tomorrow ... no kids again ... maybe tonight I will get some sleep =) Couldn't fall asleep for anything last night . Investing in some sleeping aids . 
Getting ready for work . One more day and then I am off for two . Going to get the girls this evening . Miss them bunches . Have a severe toothache ! Going to be a long day =( RIP < PROPMALE > ! You will be missed and will never be forgotten !! 
whoo hoo ! I get the 7-4 shift starting tomorrow ! This is the best day ! 
goofin off at wrk till lunch break so i will have something to do when i get back . HUNGRY =) 
Off to work in an hour . Won't get 7-4 for a few days . Then to the Dentist . Got a bad abases ! Tripled in size over night ! Hope they give me some pain medicine cause this Ibuprofen doesn't help much . Then back to work after appt . Life is too expensive to just \take off\ " a day ! Lol " 
takin a break ... one more hr till the dentist . yay =) 
Got antibiotics and pain medicine today . Hopefully the swelling starts subsiding soon . Going to get my baby < PROPFEMALE > in the morning !! Thinking about a picnic at the park Thursday , and maybe River Wednesday . 
Good morning ! Drinkin coffee and then off to get < PROPFEMALE > . Face still swollen =( 
God I am so tired of people acting like they are CHILDREN ! My blood pressure is soaring this morning . Why does my kids dad have to be such a JERK ??? I feel like I am going insane ! Furious , Hurt , Embarrassed , Nauseated , Hatred , and a couple more emotions I can't pin point are how I am feeling . Going to clean to release some STEAM !!! 
Watching Grease . I love that movie . =) Swelling going down ! Yay ! Exhausted from commotion this morning . So tired of mouthy , arrogant , and ignorant people ! Glad I am off tomorrow as well . Sleeping in !! 
Back to work in the morning , and so ready to be ! Swelling in my face is almost gone ! =) Reading Witness in Death by J.D. Robb . Listening to kids run around . Lol ... going to bed early ... need some rest 
getting ready for work ... kids still sleeping ... lol unusual . nice though ... quiet morning 
on break @ work . cant wait till lunch . im starvin lol 
home from work .... long day today ... hoping I get my < PROPFEMALE > next week . Bathing kids .. OMG Jessalyns ears are still pierced !!! I had no idea !!! Dadgumit now I got to get Rylee done !!!! 
another day of work today , and I'm so tired . Missing out on a lot of fun cause I have to work =( Damn this responsibility thing ! Lol 
on break ... HOT outside ! looking forward to lunch ! =) 
yay its lunch time !! burned out today ... what to eat ? hmmm 
Home from work ... Kids all taken care of , about to be bed time so mommy can take a nice soothing & relaxing bath !! Two more days on then I get my 2 off . Smoked a TOTAL of 2 cigs today ! Going for 0 tomorrow ! Yay so ready to kick the habit !! 
So tired this morning ! Rylee been running a fever so I didn't get much sleep at all !! She is so grouchy when she is sick , Lol . Gonna get more coffee ... Have a great day everyone ! 
whoo hoo still no cigarette today and no patch as well . wont be smelling like an ashtray anymore =) 
Wow kids are being extremely ornery tonight ! Cleaning up supper mess they made and they are going straight to bed ! Must have missed their nap time today 
Morning . Drinking coffee and getting ready for work . Off tomorrow ! Yay . Rylee fever went away yesterday .... thank goodness . Have a great day everyone 
Getting my hair cut in about an hour . So excited . Thinking about doing my nails to ... got company coming this evening after he gets off work . Off of work myself today . 
Wow jusst woke up ! Didn't even mean to go to sleep . Lol .. Love my hair though , < PROPFEMALE > did an awesome job cutting it ! 
omg rylee just said hug ! so adorable 
spaghetti for supper , then kids baths n bed . think i am going to read a bit before bed . work tomorrow . yay ! 
well going to call it a night . Work in the morning ! 
lunchtime , thank god cause im starved . been a crazy day today @ the job . but kids dad gettin girls tomorrow :) yay 
Long day at work . Had some crazy stuff go down . Very hectic day ! Glad to be home . Getting kids ready for bed because they have been misbehaving 
well tried to go have a fun time , and surprise can't do a damn thing in this town cause people are childish little bitches . God I hate this town , and how a certain family thinks that they run my life . Grow up and move on , cause lord knows I sure as hell have !!!!!! 
getting ready for work 
oh still at work , such a loong day , and im so tired ! twelve hr shift tomorrow ! geez the things ppl do for money lol ... 
Ugh so tired , and guess what ?! More work when I get home . Ready for the bed , tomorrow is going to be longer . Wonder how old it takes some people to become before they realize sometimes you have to see people you don't like , and not act like children when they do ? Hopefully sooner than later , cause they are driving me looney . Life is just that Life . Get over it !!!!! 
good night everyone ! Long day tomorrow , and i need some sleep . My babies will be back tomorrow . Yay I miss them ! 
wow it is early and i'm still exhausted ! twelve hrs today =( but i'll get my babies to cuddle with me tonight . comin in from work and going straight bed ! 
still @ work ... lada dada da ... lol sooo ready for the bed .... another day tomorrow but then again it means another dollar =) 
Going to bed , cause I'm tired ! My babies came home tonight so I am gonna sleep like a rock ! And I get my < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ! Yay !! Taking the girls shopping , cause we ALL love to shop ! =) Goodnight n sleep tight ! 
@ work . drinkin a cup of coffee for motivation ! =) morning everyone 
Whew had a long day at work . Done had a shower and so have the girls . Supper is almost done ! Gonna curl up with them and enjoy my family =) 
wrk again , but im off tomorrow ! :) yay very much needed ima sleep in whoo hoo . gonna b a long day 
whew at wrk ... hot outside ... got a lot of wrk to do ... 
off of work ... cleaned the house ... relaxin the rest of the day with my kiddos 
going to bed , cause I work in the morning . Had a pretty dramatic past day n night . Really got me to do some thinking . Jessalyn now calls me \mother\ " . It is so cute coming out of a 4 yr olds mouth " 
still @ wrk . gonna b a while longer . long day today ... cant wait to b home n showered and laid up with my babies 
gonna b a long day again , but it will b worth it ... < PROPFEMALE > i SWEAR i will call this < PROPFEMALE > . i fell plumb asleep last night . lol 
@ wrk and < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . rylee was up @ five this mornin tearing down the house ! lol . another 11-12 hrs today . but money doesnt grow on trees ..... does it ?! lol 
sheesh it is tooo early !!! i am exhausted as hell , but my kids start daycare the 19 ... whoo hoo =) 
almost lunch time , i am actually gonna make it out @ four today ... hell yea 
only an hour and a half left . thank goodness =) 
morning everyone . had kids n bed by eight , we were all asleep by nine . it was great =) got up bout thirty < PROPFEMALE > ago n showered . gonna b an awesome day 
ate like a pig ! ready to go home now =) got an early mornin tomorrow even on my day off 
@ dps office ... so ready to go shop =) need some more coffee !!!! 
didnt get home till after 7 last night !!! what a crazy day it was ... jessalyn got her first haircut 
my life sucks momentarily =( . cant wait for it to unsuck again !! =) 
looks like rain today =) least it is a whole lot cooler feeling . gettin off @ four ... whoo hoo 
drinkin coffee , wish it was stronger ! lol ... off to wrk n bout ten < PROPFEMALE > ... 
almost lunchtime =) 
FINALLY HOME 
oh @ wrk and < PROPFEMALE > tired . hopefully i will b off @ four . i need sleep !!! had a blast last night . was much needed 
well got off @ 4:02 , yay ... going home to cuddle up to my girlies . mayb finish my book . 
restless ... 
@ wrk ... was runnin late this mornin ... long restless nite for m n rylee =( but im off tomorrow .. yay i aint gettin outta bed lol 
rylee busted jessalyns mouth open head buttin her ... poor lil red =( ... 
almost time to go home . yay gonna lay round w my lil ones 
goin to drink a few n shoot sum pool @ the tin barn =) 
still in my pj's =) laid up with my kiddos 
awww the day is close to being over , back to wrk tomorrow 
yay got kortneyfor the wk =) 
oh had a drama filled night !!! y cant ppl just leave me alone =( headin to wrk 
whew wut a long day , cant wait to go home to my babies 
just finished supper ! felt really good to cook again . everyone loved too !! =) time for a little R&R 
Love my job more and more each day !! =) Can't wait till Rylee starts sleeping THROUGH the night because then I won't always be tired . The last few months she just wakes up several times , and thinks it is time to play .. lol She is sleeping finally so i am off to bed . Nighty night everyone ! 
@ wic , bak to wrk < PROPFEMALE > i get done , busy day today 
Home with my girlies , they all sleeping at < PROPFEMALE > and pawpaw's cept Rylee , OMG so Jessalyn spent HER very own money on ME ! I cried cause it was so sweet . She bout me a < PROPMALE > silver little house shaped necklace with a heart in it , on the back the inscription , \ A mother's heart is always with her children\ " . My kids are the greatest !!! " 
wow up at five , on way to bmt , got a BUSY day ! get to meet kortneys teacher today =) 
whoo done , $92 a mo for daycare , now time to shop w my baby < PROPFEMALE > ! =) awesome day today 
gettin ready to go w/ sissy to meet kortneys teacher =) thinkin bout rentin a movie afterward 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and the frog n eatin popcorn with my babies =) then it is off to beddy bye ... bak to work n the mornin 
whoo hoo going home . been a busy day , got lot of wrk done . ready to take a shower and relax ! =) 
It is official , my car goes in the shop MONDAY !!!! I have worked hard and waited a long time to be able to do it on my own(with a little help from daddy of course ) =) ... It is all worth it though , all I had to do was lose the extra baggage weighing me down ! We all know who that was lol . LIFE IS AWESOME !!!! 
drinkin coffee , bout to b goin to wrk =) 
kids r @ their grandparents since yesterday < PROPFEMALE > , so it is just me n my baby < PROPFEMALE > . im glad we get a lil one on one time , < PROPFEMALE > n tho im wrking . 
bak @ wrk , then off to the park w < PROPFEMALE > and then to a friends . love gettin alone time w her . 
whoo hoo break time , cant wait to go play at the park =) 
whoo hoo , im home . now goin to the park , damn cant wait till nxt wkend cuz i need a drink !! lol 
omg dealing with a sick kid can b such a headache lol =( blah missin a days pay =( thats even worse 
whoo hoo school n the morning !!! bedtime in 15 < PROPFEMALE > and counting ! =) 
omg , kids gone to school n daycare n i am still runnin around like a chicken with my head cut off 
ohh i want a NAP , in bmt then hopefully home =) 
Well kids had a blast today . Jessalyn said her favorite thing to do was go to school ! Lol , Rylee adjusted super well as well . Everyone kept complimenting how sweet Jessalyn is . I am so proud !! =) Back to work in the morning , Yay =) 
Welp I am taking a shower and then turning in for the night ! Got to work the rest of the week , and lord knows i NEED my beauty sleep ! LOL 
OMG !!! So Rylee just woke up screaming like 30 minutes ago , and WONT stop !!! The joys of parenting . I have no clue what is wrong with her , but I am ready to cry myself . I am < PROPFEMALE > tired 
whew cant wait to b off so i can start arrangin the room for my girls 
home ! stiill got an hour before i have to get kids 
@ wrk , rylee threw a fit this morning when i dropped her off =( my poor baby , she will live tho lol ... < PROPFIRST > texted out of the blue , funny how < PROPFEMALE > he has no one he contacts me .... he AINT gettin my sympathy this time tho . 
almost time for break , got a lot on my mind . cant wait till this wkend so i can have fun and forget it all for a while =) 
went out and drank a few beers , shot some pool , and now back at home cleaning the house . God I have a lot on my mind . Was so much simpler when \he\ " didn't have a way to contact me " 
at wrk . another day , another dollar =) rylee stays happy till we walk through daycare doors . lol then the wailing starts ... 
on lunch break =) 
ok so jessalyn , my pickey eater , mrs. i refuse to eat anything . likes plain < PROPFEMALE > rice cakes and special k vanilla granola bars ! what is up w that ?! lol 
home , clean house , kids are bathing , supper soon , then i wrk n morn and off this wkend ! =) 
ha they r all in bed ! hooray 
Good morning ! Yay it is FRIDAY ! Off for the weekend ! On way to work 
yay getting < PROPFEMALE > when i get off today ! i love havin my family all together =) 
chilling w < PROPFEMALE > , waaayyy too many kids ... n her friend < PROPFIRST > goes n buys them ice cream 15 < PROPFEMALE > , lol .. lord/help me 
thank god the ice cream didnt keep em wired . I guess school wore em out =) yay for mommy 
Good morning ! We got a new washer & dryer . Yay . Kids are up , and I shoved them out to play on this wonderful day ! =) Re-cooperating from a fun time last night ! 
bar-b-que'd at charolotte's , kids loved it . More ice cream at 9 something at night . Damn you < PROPFIRST > ! lol but they are in bed so WHEW ! Back to work in the morning . Yay lol 
almost time to go home , then two hours before kids get home . mayb i can clean lol 
ok , so next time i wont fly off the handle , b/c he acts so smug , i dnt need anyone but my girls , their love is enough , he may have a woman , but i come out far better in the end cause i have my girls =) 
almost off , think im goin to go lay up for bout an hr before i go pick up kids , i could use some peace and quiet lol 
at wrk , n wrkin hard , but i am off friday so yay =) 
Home from picking up kiddos . House is clean , supper almost done , baths are next , then they will all be in bed by 8 . Yay . =) Can't wait for tomorrow . It is going to rock ! 
@ wrk , going out tonight , and off tomorrow . yay =) 
almost lunchtime 
goin out tonight , it aint bmt but it will suffice till i can make it out that way , gonna b a blast ! =) 
had a great night , accomplished everything i set out to accomplish =) 
oh man , i need to go bak to bed , wow drank too much 
back to wrk tomorrow , kids are going to their dads . im going to bed early lol .. still tired from my escapades last night 
kids r gone , wish i had the energy to go out tonight , tomorrow is another day =) after i get off work of course 
on the way to work , staying till 6 or 7 today , then goin to chill w someone =) i promise to behave lol 
wow going to b a long day , drinkin tonite =) happy labor day wkend 
awake @ seven somethin on my day off ... wtf ? lol 
drinkin margaritas at chilis 
good morning , another day of wrk ... kids bak to school tomorrow . yay , 
bak to wrk , only a few hrs left , then its home to clean it up 
on break ... wonderin if the kids have completly torn the house apart ?! 
almost time to get off , a friend is coming over . =) lets see if he is \genuinely\ " interested in me as a person ... or just interested in oogly my goodies LOL .... " 
whoo hoo , been drinkin beers .. yay =) they taste so yummy ! wrk by 7 n the mornin .... yikes ... 
up and gettin ready for wrk , coulda/shoulda have gotten more sleep . it is payday tho 
remember how he pushed u n the hallway , just enough to hurt a little bit , remember the whiskey n his whispers and the lies that fell so easy from his lips , he said hell never do it again , but u cant take it bak , the proof is on ur skin , remember that ,.... when its 3 am and hes at ur door and he wants u bak and hes begging for forgiveness , remember that 
day is half over , i feel just blah today ... wonderin if they fixed my car yet .. mayb i should call them lol 
they r hookin up wirin harness , wonder if it will make it go vroom vroom again =) 
home , wet , needa clean , dnt wanna ... rylee sick , story of my life . this child staaayyyyss sick =( no daycare for her tomorrow ... dang 
is wishing my body would stop killing me ! hope it subsides enough to finally get some sleep ... 
Up , and my body hurts worse than yesterday . Can't wait for the day to be over . Wish I knew what was wrong 
in need of somethin to make the pain stop =( to top it off , rylee wont stop tryna climb on me . how do u make a two yr old understand mommy is hurt and she cant climb on me ?! 
slept all day and still my body is nothing but a constant ache =( hope the nurses arent right about me havin menengitis , we will c tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > i get to the ER ... layin bak dwn ... it eases a bit < PROPFEMALE > i do 
so just found out ny car needs a new computer , if i didnt have bad luck i swear i wouldnt have any at all !! ready to throw n the towel ... then i think bout my girls ... wondern how long its gonna take for them to get this part !!! 
kids @ school , i am off to the dr soon ... been takin some anti-inflammatory pills that are helping a bit .. just ready to b released bak to wrk ! 
ok so seein as it has taken so dagum long to even b able to get to a ER ... im goin to freakin minor care n bmt !!! 
almost outta the hosp , thank the good lord , pulld a muscle , but been takin proper care of it so it is wrkin itself out ... go me ... anti inflammatory pills n vicoden really help . pain is isolating to certain areas , and i got a mini massage frm a hunky doc =) totally awesome ending to a sucky startin day 
kids are in bed , got my scripts filled , off tomorrow and kids will all b in school =) kicking bak and relaxing till they kick in , and i fall into a painless sleep =) 
awake and it is my day off :( the meds helped the pain subside to a dull ache through out the night ... hopin they wrk just as well during the day ... kids r gone ... hooray for the silence !!! 
got < PROPFEMALE > for the wkend . yay =) bout to go get the rest of the kiddos 
at wrk , taking it easy next couple of days to make sure my back heals properly ... what to do w kids tonite ? watched marmaduke last night ... cute movie 
on lunch .. bad day today ... cant wait till it is over !! 
house is finally clean :) back still hurts some , but it is a lot better than the past few days ... hooray =) ... wrk n the mornin ... 
headed off to wrk soon , yay ... ugh 
thank the good lord , my back is finally down to occasional minimual pain !! hooray , time to stop the meds n save em just in case ... so happy i got kortney :) we watched marmaduke again last night cause she wanted to ... lol 
gonna b a long day i fear lol ... hopin my car is fixed today , definitely feelin like a monday 
i am getting my car today !!!!!! =) 
i will b driving my car in approx ten minutes . how freakin sweet is that =) 
feels so great to drive my own car =) 
does anyone know any DJ's who would be free on October 15 , my dads best friend from high school is dying , and his wife is throwing him a surprise party ... let me know please !!!! 
Wondering why total responsibility falls on only one person mostly ? Like how come people can make kids , but can't grow up enough to take care of them ? Lozer men and women who don't seem to want to pull their heads outtta their asses .... WAKE UP !!!! You grew up ( well were supposed to ) years ago . It is time to face the facts .... U R PARENTS NOW ... START ACTING LIKE IT ... SHEESH .. =( 
at wrk , doin fun stuff =) yay wrk 
all my a/c needed was freeon ( dunno how to spell it ) ... so now my car runs perfect =) ecstatic ! 
MOTHER , QUIT SPYIN ON ME : IM WATCHING U :) lmao 
The way I am spending my day off really bites !!!!! Will I ever be finished ?!? 
back to work tomorrow , been a long day , got to spend the whole day with < PROPFEMALE > though =) 
getting ready for work .. sooo tired ... 
@ wrk , kids goin to their dads =) got to wrk all wkend , but im gonna do sumthin ... hmm .. what to get into ? lol 
when is cruise n silsbee ? 
kids r gone , what to do ? lol always a tough question to answer 
is so aggrivated ! Lemme ask u custodial parents a ?. if it is the other parents wkend visitation , and a child gets sick , and u have to wrk , and the other parent dosent even have a job ... is it wrong to tell them , no ur not taking off wrk , n they shuld take said child to the hospital if they feel the sickness is severe enough ?!!! 
imagine that ! said child has not been taken to the hospital , leaving me to assume his lazy ass just didnt want to take care of a sick baby . because shes cranky and needs/wants attention . if he wants to play daddy to sumone elses kids , i thought it about time to give him a dose of what being a real daddy meant ... 
hates my kids dad with a passion , he and his girlfriend totally need to grow up .... @ hospital w rylee , he bailed .. typical dead beat dad syndrome =( 
up w rylee bug , wasnt able to wrk today cuz i have to monitor her , she is lots happier but still a lil war , frm time to time .. enjoyin it bein just me and her 
@ wrk , rylee threw a fit when i dropped her off today ... some days are good , others bad ... poor baby =( 
is so tired of ppl tryin to make me do what they say , this just in : i am just as grown as they r , i AM intitled to my OWN opinion , and i WILL not change my mind ! If u cant deal with that ... well sucks for you 
yay off wrk , and kids wont b home until six , gonna lay up n relax ... 
@ home w/ my babies , bathtime soon , beaumont n morning , then to wrk for a bit after 
good morning , off to dps office soon , then wrk , its payday =) 
just got an oil change , going to enjoy the peace and quiet for a couple of hours =) 
@ work , gonna b a long slow day 
coffee !!! so damn tired ... two more days then i am off , gettin < PROPFEMALE > this evening =) 
drinkin beer =) 
the things ppl will do to have a good time ... =) gonna b a rough mornin @ wrk , i will make it tho :) 
oh cant wait to c my bed n back of my eyelids 
crusin ' silsbee =) the lightining is amazing ! 
damn y tha police got to pull everyone over when they just crusin silsbee ! lol ... some badass vehicles out =) 
@ work , my back hurts =( ... hopin this day flies by so i can spend some time w/ my < PROPFEMALE > , thinkin bout happy meals n lumberton < PROPFEMALE > i get off 
Whew finally off work ..... AND ..... I DON\T WORK TOMORROW !!!! =) " 
wow ... finally hitting the bed ! So tired , but the fun I have is so worth it =) They say you only live once right ?! LOL ... Nighty night 
Fixing to take Rylee to the doctor ... blah !!!! Been cleaning house , more cleaning when I get back .. whoo hoo , a day off and I am still cleaning my ass off ! Lol 
everyone else is commenting on the weather so i figured i should too ... lol ... it feels AWESOME ! =) 
damn this day went by too fast !! 
well this makes the third time today that lil miss rylee has put her shoes on , AND gotten the feet right !! =) 
supper is over , now it is bedtime !!!!!!! For the kids anyway =P 
off work again today , but i get to take feces samples to the doctor for my little girl ... loads of fun ... hope they give me some answers finally 
ugh , so waiting to register @ the hospital ... the lab closes @ 6 ... i so hope this isnt a wasted trip ... i wanna kno whats wrong w/ my rylee bug 
so yea my daughter just took her diaper off , waited till she got to the kitchen and number 2'd on the floor !!!! WTF ?! Her diaper is still fresh and clean ... Lol ... they never cease to amaze me ! 
@ wrk ... another day another dollar :) ... so rylee has food allergies and i get to hunt em down ... i am open for suggestions on where to start ... 
' theres a price for keepin me ... i might b cheap but i aint free .. ' 
so yea the freakin girl wrkin @ tha tannin salon sooo didnt listen when i said 10 minutes !!! havent been burnt like this in YEARS !! =( 
@ wrk ... hope today goes by fast ... thank god tannin beds burn heal almost overnight 
is very frustated cause my child wants to bite everyone she can , and thinks it is funny ... daycare sent her home ... 
@ wrk , off tomorrow ... gonna take kids to the park , going to visit < PROPFEMALE > after i get off ... yay ... goin to b a great wkend 
only a few more hrs left .... yay =) so ready to b off and enjoy the day ... it is so pretty 
Finally off !! It is 5 o ' clock somewhere right ?!?! Lol 
ugh i cant seem to wake up fully , and the day os almost gone =( .... slowly getting the house clean tho 
@ tha park , so is everyone else n their momma , what was i thinking lol 
kids r bathing , then eatin supper n off to bed ... yay 
rylee has fever yet again ... damn child stays sick , hoping it passes swiftly 
hoping today flies by , still trying to wake up !! 
life just keeps getting better and better =) 
@ wrk ... need more coffee !! so excited bout nxt wk .. or mayb tha one after that ... just kno it is coming =) 
I like it locked in the car ! 
@ wrk , its payday =) 
almost pay time =) ... ready for saturday ... 
i thought about it ... and decided im versatile : i like it locked in the car , on the door knob , on the floor beside my bed , on the dresser , on the table ... depends on the day ... but my favorite place i like it seems to be the car ... 
@ wrk , hope it goes by fast !! im off tomorrow ... yay !! =) ... got a lot on my mind ... wish certain people were not such a**holes ... 
ATTENTION : SATURDAY AND SUNDAY : $5 pony rides !!! BRING YOUR LITTLE ONES !!! parking lot across from bealls n family dollar shopping center in silsbee texas , next to snow cone stand . WEIGHT LIMIT IS 100lbs . Hope to see yall there !! =) 
yay for friday ... drinkin , got my girlies ... great night ... gonna get into somethin after they all go nighty nite 
$5 pony rides across from bealls shopping center !!!!! 
ugh , worn out from pony rides . great turn out though , back to wrk n the morning , but the day is still young .... hmm wut to do 
omg , nooooo sleep n goin to wrk .... wowzers ... gonna b a rough one , i will make it tho ... lol 
ok to clarify my lack of sleep : i was dealing with sick kids , that tends to happen ... so anyone who wants to kno , all they need to do is ask ... 
day is almost over , ... lots to do this evening !! always so much to do with so little time ... blah 
blah , wrkin ... ready for lunch lol ... 
Home , yay ... relaxation for a split second , then i will be on the road again , roundin up the children ... lol .. off thursday !!! got appointments tho 
Just got done with ice cream sundays =) Now kids are bathing and then they are off to bed , EUREKA !!! Too bad I don't have a book to read ... 
omg need more coffee ... lol ... thank goodness im off tomorrow 
Miss my long hair =( ... Dear Hair : Please grow quickly !!! 
for evry 99 times , u looked me n the eye , u look me n tha eye n swore u werent lyin , well i was so blind , i never saw the signs .. im gettinn out tonite n ur NOT INVITED 
off to take the kiddos to the dentist , then hopefully jessalyns glasses get fixed !!!! 
I HATE ... HATE ... HATE BEAUMONT !!!!! HATE IT I TELL YA !!! SHEESH !!!! 
@ wrk .... wonderin if \he\ " going to take time out his partying to see the girls ... highly doubtful ... his loss lol " 
6 1\\2 - 7 inches ... =( 
6 1\\2 - 7 inches =( 
blah day is over ... had a ball though with my kids n my lil buddies , we rode ponies n watched cartoons b pigged out on pb n j and chips n snack cakes ... yay ... luv ya syd n nay 
' my best friend gave me the best advice ... he said each days a gift , not a givin right ... so leave no stone unturned .. leave ur fears behind ... ' 
almost time to go home !!! 
almost bed time =) kids r bathed n fed ... house is clean ... yay my wrk here is DONE 
@ work ... think the kids have gotten me sick =( 
\lonely women make good lovers .... \"" 
blah ... time to hit the hay ... wrk tomorrow ... if only \they\ " would go to sleep !!!! " 
tomorrow is the big day :) so excited !!! need more coffee rite now !!! 
Whoo hoo .. work in the morning .. class at 9 ... then more work after class !!! Yay 
bed time ... ZzZz .. =) 
time to study !!! 
this is going to take some getting used to , going to have to shuffle some things around ... :/ 
took first exam .... excited .... think i made a 100 
made a 100 on my test .... whoo hoo 
in class , then work 
givin baths then studying 
i just wanna b alone tonight , i just wanna take a little breather 
well screwed over again , hope they r happy , what am i goin to do ? not a damn thing ... < PROPFEMALE > can b a bigger bitch than i ever thought of being 
~ you have 2 choices in life ... you can stay single & b miserable , or get married & wish you were dead ! ~ 
@ school takin tests .... karyoke tonite ... yay 
no karyoke for me tonight =( i have to b @ wrk at 6 n the a.m. ... dadgum responsibilities 
TO THE PPL WHO CANT KEEP MY NAME OUT OF THEIR MOUTHS ... THANKS FOR MAKING ME THE CENTER OF YOUR WORLD =) I FEEL SO LOVED ... LOL 
my life couldnt be better !!!!, i got monday thru friday , 6-2 , weekends OFF , going to have loads of time for my babies =) 
is trick or treat saturday or sunday 
whoo hoo , goin to the rodeo !!! =) 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! =) 
whew last night was awesome ! kids had a blast and now im @ wrk n exhausted ! lol 
Wondering why certain people are so dagum stupid !!!! 
oooohhh waaayyy early !!! final exam after wrk today !!! prayin i pass !!! 
Oh man can't wait .. two more days n I am off . So tired , but diggin the new job , missin ' my < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe one day ppl will grow up and realize we deserve to see one another . Mommy loves you < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Almost bedtime . Hooray ! =) 
Is amazed at the vast number of ignorant people there are living in this one town ! All I can say is , \WOW ! \"" 
fears she has caught a cold from her children ! =( ugh this SUCKS ! 
Off today ! Got the last laugh too ! People want to think they know it all , when they are actually pretty ignorant ! Still love my < PROPFEMALE > ! One day I pray certain people grow the hell up !!! Till then I will just bide my precious time ! Love my girlies ! 
thinkin bout goin out ..... could use a beer 
damn .... RIP < PROPMALE > !!! 
blah ... day is almost over ... got to go c how much my ticket is after wrk =( 
gonna b TIRED , but banking come pay day =) .. 12 days n a row , 2 of which are 16 hr days ... here i come ! 
is at logans roadhouse 
goin to bed ... < PROPFEMALE > tired 
I LOATHE < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > CARTER'S EXISTANCE & ANYONE ELSES WHO THINKS IT FUNNY KEEPING < PROPFEMALE > FROM ME ! < PROPFEMALE > IS A BITCH !!! 
Well my 16 hr day turned into a 19 hr day , Rylee has been puking since 3 a.m. =( Getting ready for work , hope she is going to be okay 
will this day ever end ?!?! lol 
well sooo ready for bed ... and i hear rylee whining ... go figure ... lets pray she returns to dream-land soon ! 
what was i thinkin ?! 
\why does it have to b wrong or right ... why do we have to hurt one to love another ? ... someone plz tell me why ... \"" 
So what is a grown person supposed to do when they vomit in MY BATHTUB ?!? CLEAN THE SHIT UP !!!! SOOOO AGGRAVATED !! 
has a HUEMUNGO migraine now ! 
being sick sucks 
the week is almost over ! =) 
HATES < PROPFIRST > & EVRYONE ELSE WHO THINKS TALKIN SHIT ABOUT ME TO < PROPFEMALE > IS FUNNY !!! SO SERIOUSLY THINKIN ITS TIME TO MOVE TO FLORIDA !!!! 
MOMMY LOVES U < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! ALWAYS ... TAKES MORE THAN A SPERM OR EGG DONER TO BE A PARENT !!! 
ahh bedtime , my favorite time of the day =) 
' my give a damn's busted!' 
almost nighty night time =) ... one more day ... then im off the wkend ... 
TGIF !! Hope today goes by fast ! =) 
blah so tired , kids r gone , party tonite and sleep the rest of the wkend 
BLAH .... DRANK TOO MUCH , BUT WAS SO MUCH FUN ! =) 
watchin < PROPMALE > hex , been an awesome wkend , sry it has to end ... back to wrk monday 
whaaaa hooo , great night tonite !!!! .. loads of fun !!!! 
off to work , its just a never ending cycle lol 
the day is almost over .... yippie ... its also payday , boy what a double whammy of awesomeness 
truth be told i miss you , truth be told IM LYING , when u see my face hope it gives u hell =) 
Have u ever known anyone that had 432 eggs in their house at one time ? COME MEET MY MOM , she will have that many tomorrow !!!!! 
yay for tuesday lol ... four more days then the wkend ! =) 
\i got lost in this ol ' world and forgot who i am .... \"" 
bottle of wine ... n FINALLY rented the movie GROWN UPS ... =) ... IT WAS SO DAMN HARD TO FIND 
' oh lord wont u buy me a < PROPFEMALE > benz ' 
wednesday means the week is half over ! wkend get here , i want to play @ the park w/ my girls ! =) 
SO ... I ACTUALLY MET SOMEONE WHO ISNT FROM AROUND HERE ! THANK GOD =) 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY ! GOBBLE GOBBLE ! =) 
cant wait for this day to be over , ready for my days off ! 
off wrk , bak to wrk at 10 n the pm tonite ... im sooo gettin some beer tomorrow nite !! 
hi ho hi ho its off to wrk i go .... gonna b a LONG night 
im gonna have a caffeine overload , after i crash from lack of sleep , lol ... almost over , THANK U 
blah , feel like a lazy saturday today , time for a beer soon 
time to clean ... then beer and a bonfire ... mayb 
FINALLY GOT MY BEER ! =) GONNA BE A ROCKIN NIGHT 
So been a lazy day , still in my pj's =) ... drinkin ' the cold one's I didn't make it to last night . Dreading having to put up all the damn laundry I washed ! Think I will drink a few more before I start ... lol 
I NEED A MASSAGE , MY LEFT SHOULDER N NECK ARE KILLING ME 
beer , pizzaa , and rented the expendables ... wrk in the a.m. 
boy is it ever a monday , sooo ready to crawl back n bed 
whaaa hoo , almost quittin time :) , four more days , and then its the wkend 
almost bedtime ... hooray 
last day of november , damn this yr has flown by , ryylee turns two in cpl wks ... they grow up sooo fast 
holy wow ! my house is empty !!! what should i do ?!?! =) 
is wondering ... 
Had an amazing night , watched my ALL time favorite movie ... GREASE ! =) Off to work . Thank god it is Wednesday ! Excited bout this weekend ! =) 
wrkin till five ...., ready for a hot shower and bed ! 
so my lil sis juss got a POGO STICK for her bday , juss bounced my bottom off ! how cool is tthat ?! A POGO STICK !!! =) 
Off to work , feeling really blah today 
AHHH off work , and tomorrow is FRIDAY ! =) 
is watching the dukes of hazard ( the old school series ) 
so ... ya its friday , and im plannin on spendin the wkend with \him\ " .... hope it goes well ... " 
gettin new furniture =) 
been a hell of a day , and tomorrow is monday , double bummer ! lol 
well woo hoo for mondays , blah lol ... still lovin my furniture !! 
yay its pay day , ugh also < PROPMALE > pay day lol 
this day is almost over , yay ... 
ready for the day to b over , and it has only begun ... blah 
ok so ya evryone keeps playn this damn number ggame , now i wanna play lol ... send me some < PROPFIRST >=) 
0509 .. well i have known you pretty much your whole life , i cant believe how much you have grown , youre beautiful n made a beautiful family ... yall were all like my little sisters , i love you n always will , hope to c u soon =) 
0220 : GOD HOW I MISS YOU ! It seems like it has been forever , i really wish we could have had more time to spend together , mayb now that we are grown it will b easier to stay in touch . < PROPFEMALE > is BEAUTIFUL , N WE LOVE U BOTH FOREVER N EVER 
#2000 : WOW ..., boy has it been a while ! Im glad to see you're doing alright , and you have beautiful children . I know we didnt know another all that well , kinda different back then , me having been a ' annoying ' teenie-bopper friend of your younger step-sibling ... lol , but from what I gathered ... you are A OK =) Keep it up ! 
#784 , well i think u r one of my best friends , no matter how many times we lost contact , we always managed to run into one another lol ... im so happy for u , your family is beautiful , well .. u got the scrooge ... lol ... naw but your kids r juss too darn cute , we have had some hellacious times , and cheers to many more yrs of doing so =) love ya , gonna come c u soon 
4754 , U little < PROPFEMALE > r too big for ur britches ! =) Geez , I remeber u runnin round n diapers , you were annoying but adorable then .. teeheehee ... but youve grown into quite a beautiful young woman . im so proud of u , miss u , love u , i always thought of u as my lil sister too , so behave or ill come beat ya lol ... i needa come see yall 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , i want some < PROPFIRST > lol ... so ya rylee sick , story of my life ... 
#101 : well i havent seen you in years ! you look great =) i always loved the way ur name was spelled . u r a pretty cool chick , we didnt < PROPFEMALE > much , but we had sum fun n recordkeeping ... i believe it was , keep ya head up n keep doin what u do =) 
#1970 , you are truly one of a kind , u have more snakes as pets than i have seen in my whole life . lol , but I suppose it soots you .. you are also very funny , caring , and sweet , glad you are my friend , we should chitty chat more frequently 
#420 : well we haven't known one another too terribly long , but you're a funny guy , a total smart ass lol , but it's cool cause I am too ! lol ... I think we are going to get along quite well ... and you will be taking the kid approval test soon lol , but im tellin you , its harder than you think 
#1992 : lol u r also like my little sister , and you have grown up so beautifully , i remember babysitting you , that is just crazy , i love you and know i need to come see all of yall , i will soon , behave 
9318 : well if u dnt kno how much u mean by now , u never will ... im glad we remained friends after some of the stuff we endured , and im happy to see you have a wonderful life . we should < PROPFEMALE > out soon , well i love ya ... have a great day 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > lol 
' sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile , the precious moments are all lost in the tide , yea ' ... 
well well ... TGIF ! Ready for the wkend , been a long n hectic week ... unexpected happening to family , at wrk , and in life can drive a person close to insanity at times =) 
At my girls birthday party n all i can say is : pink panties rock ! =) .... partyy hardy ppl !!! 
hangin w/ my dad n grandpa , love my family ... they r the ones u can always depend on =) 
thank god it is almost bedtime =) , ready for some peace n quiet 
@ wrk , two more days of these long hrs , then come sunday , im sleepin all day ! 
4 more hrs , then round two starts ! 
so the ending to today is the most humiliating moment of my life thus far . why didnt i see it coming .... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RYLEE !!!! SHES THE BIG 2 ! =) 
@ work , ready for six a.m. ... been a rough weekend 
almost quittin time ! =) 
well its monday , yay , four more days n im off 
so im thinkn bout goin christmas caroling =) any one want me to come sing to them ?! teeheehee 
ugh , been a rough day already !!! ready to get home n watch easy a n salt ! 
man im so tired , happy that its wednesday ... happy holidays everyone 
@ wrk , 2 p.m. tomorrow plz hurry lol 
9 more hours ... oh man i cant wait .. soooo tired !!! 
well the day is half over , thank goodness 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
blahdy blah , it is sundau , means wrk again tomorrow ! such a shame ! =) 
the wkends go by way too fast ! @ wrk .... shoulder is hurtin sumthin feirce 
' and there are voices that want to be heard , so much to mention , but you cant find the words .... listen to your heart ' 
' but now i see that tryin to change you , only changed me ' 
the day is half way over ... yay ... 
thank god its friday ! ... happy new years < PROPFEMALE > ! 2011 here we come ! 
the day is halfway over ! =) , gotta get home n put up all those cotton pickn clothes on my bed =( 
' hes the devil in disguise , a snake w/ blue eyes , and he only comes out at night , .... u better run for your life ' 
well off to work again , hope tomorrow flies by ! 
takin a break , sittin outside , amd listenin ' to the rain . It sounds like a bunch of little waterfalls =) 
one shift almost over , one more to go ... 
ugh , soooo ready for my bed ! come on 2 o clock ! 
still sleepy , think ima take another nap < PROPFEMALE > i get off 
yay tomorrow is payday and friday ! =) 
' shes dyin to try somethin foolish , to do somethin crazy , or just get away , Oh somethin for herself for a change ... is there life out there ... ' 
almost quittin time !! waahhhooo 
' mayb its time to change , leave it all behind , ive never been one to walk alone , was always too scared to try ' 
i hate the dr office , it always takes forever .... 
@ wrk again 
work , work , work , all i seem to do anymore , .... 
the day is almost over .... 
income tax is right around the corner ! hooray , so ready for it ! 
ugh ... mondays ... what else needs to be said lol 
ok , just a quick poll , how many of u REAL men think its ok to sleep w/ 15 & 16 yr olds ? women i would love ur input as well .... so sad what this world has to come to accept ... 
blah , its such a muggy day , should b curled up n bed , but im wrkn like always lol , come on saturday 
made it to wednesday , ... 3 more days , im so tired and seriously need to clean some house ... 
one shift down , a half a shift to go , ... so ready for the wkend 
thank goodness the week is almost over , ... 
OMG ! SO VERY HAPPY IT IS FINALLY FRIDAY !!! 
bout to bounce up out this place , dnt have to come back for two days !! hell yea =) 
its saturday , and im still in my pjs ... just awesome =) 
almost paycheck time ! =) 
well its monday again ... boo !! 
' really enjoy his company , been a long time since ive been treated with so much respect , its a nice feeling ' 
yay , wednesday is over , two more days and im off , got to catch some zzz so i can start wrkn my butt off again 
kids are bout to lay down and so am i =) 
its friday and my day is almost over ... Well my wrk day at least 
oh yay ... Two days off ... I am n serious need of it ... =) 
Going to watch my lil ' sistaas bball game ... They have won every game thus far ... Good job < PROPFEMALE > =) 
blah ... Last day off .... Bummer lol 
' I guess I should ave been more like her ... I should have held on to my pride ... I should have never let yo lie .. ' 
All i want to do is be more like me and be less like you .... Ive become so numb ... Tired of being what you want me to be ... \\nFacetious*bytch 
Had a pretty swell day =) ... Ugh tomorrow is monday ... Five more days and then the weekend lol 
well its monday morning ... Kids woke up in a good mood .. So today may be a pretty good day after all ... Wrk this am ... Kids dentist and eye doc this pm ... Busy busy day 
glad today is over ... 
Must b so easy to stunt like a pimp when u dont step up & take care of your kids .... He may b smilin now .. But i will end up with the last laUgh .. Bet 
no one knows what its like ... 
well its wednesday ... Off to bmt n a couple hrs ... Kids to the dentist n eye doc ... Really dreading the next couple of days ... The weather is going to be awful .. Everyone be careful on the roads ! 
FFFFFREEZING !!! 
wasnt as cold as i expected this mornin ... Happy it is thursday ... Ready for the wkend ... 
the snow has started ... How cool ... Lets hope it picks up eh 
ugh it is so damn cold ... One more day 
its yearning for something more ... And its RED 
ugh .... Just got dressed ... Still tired lol 
yay barbque ... Horseshoes ... Beer ... Good ol times 
lets go steelers 
damn fergie ... Wtf ... Talk bout butchering a good song ! 
no more live performances frm the blackeyed peas please ... Least usher sounds a little better .. I do mean a little 
yup .... Its definitely a monday morning .... But payday as well ... Yippie 
Finally got kids to lay quietly ... Yay .... 
ugh .... Its only tuesday lol .. Paranormal activity 2 in the pm =) 
got my movie and my wine ... =) I foresee a wonderful evening 
well the movie was pretty creepy ... Just cracked the second bottle of wine ... Rylee is sleeping and the rest of us are watching carebears ... 
so cant wait to get off ... Im gettn my tannin membership back =) and gettn my eyebrows done ... Lookin forward to this summer ... 
evry second counts cause theres no second tries ... U kno its never too late to shoot for the stars ... Regaurdless of who you are 
well watched easy a ... Drank a little wine .... Ready to get these two days over so i can visit with old friend(s ) ... Gonna b a rockin weekend =) 
at wrk ... Happy it is thursday but feels like a monday ... Think im gettn sick again .. Ugh 
ugh today is dragging by ... Im feeling worse and worse ... Still got cleaning to do when i get home ... Blah ... Clothes r so aggrivating lol ... Two o clock ... Come on 
well it is friday .... And ready for this day to be over 
if u fall for me ... Im not easy to please .. i might tell you a lie ... Ill tell u from the start ... Im only gonna break break your break break your heart 
when i watched you walk away .. Well I never thought id say im fine without you ... We were never meant to be together ... 
Washing clothes .. about to shower .. Then off to tan ... Then the girls and i are off to christens .... Yay 
chilling at christens with the girlies ... 
\i wish that i could have this moment for life ... Cause in this moment i just feel so alive \"" 
\im turin over a new leaf ... Gonna get myself in gear\ " ... Ironicly i gained some inner peace by making that decision =) " 
just finished mcdonalds ... Bout to curl up in the living room with my girlies and watch nanny mcphee returns =) 
the day is half over ... Then off to tan and take my class ... Woo hoo ... Lol 
it is wednesday ... =) 
im done thinkin that you could ever change .. I kno my heart will never be the same .. But even on my weakest days ... I get a little bit stronger =) 
morning went smoothly ... Ready for lunch ... Then off to tan and a spa party ! =) 
oh what a morning .. Rylee has a fever ! =( .... Lets hope i can break it so we can go see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
one dwn for the night .. Layn n bed with lil red watchin family guy 
just woke up ... Wonder what to do today 
had a blast last night .. Exceeded my alcohol intake limit ... And had my lovely rylee wake me up bright and early ... 
now im in kountze ... Booooo ! I want my bed ! Lol 
my prayers go out to the families involved in the accident on 327 ... 
gettin a cd player installed in my car .. Finally !! 
new stereo ... New speakers ... Yay .. Now bout to eat supper and lay down and watch a movie ... 
ugh ... The dr office is packed and i believe we are in for a long wait .... 
its a little too late ... To say that ur sry now ... U showed me nothin but hate .. U ran me into the ground .. But what goes around comes around ... U dnt hurt me no more 
ugh the dr office again 
Ready for somethin to eat 
stuffed .... I ate a foot long sub ... Can u say i was hungry lol 
Im so happy it is friday .... Ready for a couple days off ... Got housework that needs doing and thinking of something fun to do with the kids this wkend ... 
i get so tired of living like this ... I dnt have the time and neither do my friends .. To stay up all night to pull me through .. And find things to keep my mind off of you ... so tell me what do you want from me ... 
I got to see my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > the past 2 days .. They were the greatest days in my life in a while ! So happy .... ready for a great week of work ! Starting tonight at ten ... :/ 
ugh .. at work ... already yawning lol ... Hope evryone sleeps well cause im not lol 
Blah ... really wishing i was cuddled in my bed with my babies ... I hope the next shift goes by a bit faster ! 
almost through ... Just a few more hours ... I think i can ... I think i can ... Choo choo Lol 
waiting for daycare to open ... Then off to wrk .... Going to have a great day 
well at wrk again ... Weekend plans are as follows : 1 . SLEEP 2 . Depends on when number one is complete lol 
well only nine more hours to go .... Going to need a load of caffine 
at wrk ... thank goodness its friday thouggh ... mardi gra bound sumtime this wkend ... Yay 
\what do u say .. In a moment like this .. When u cant find the words ... To tell it like it is ... Just close ur eyes and let ur heart lead the way ... \"" 
blah ... Wish i could disappear for a while sometimes 
good as i was to you .. Is this the thanks i get .. Are all the years we shared .. So easy to forget ... So i guess this means youve won ... Are you finally having fun ... 
Think i finally found my strength to get up and leave .. No more broken heart for me .. No more telln ur lies to me ... I got my head on right and now i see .. No more givin u evrything ... There no more of me runnin bak to u 
at the dentist ... Then rylee to the doc ... Job interview n the a.m. ... My face is killing me 
ugh face still lookn like a golf ball tryna burst out my jaw :\\ .. N im ready to get out this dr office ... Rylee gettn fussy fussy ... 
watchin a movie ... My face is still hurting rlly bad n i think its gotten a little bigger :( 
in bmt ... Going to visit some friends when im done ... 
had a pretty good day .. Shopped .. Got most of jessalyns bday decor ... Ate mexican and had a < PROPFEMALE > .. Went with my sis to her dr appt .. Saw my lil neice or nephew =) ... Then came home n watched movies ... 
my face is finally going down .... So glad ... Had a pretty unproductive day today lol ... At a job interview ... Fingers crossed tightly 
well start the new job in the morning ... Excited ... Layn it dwn n watchin sum movies ... Hope to see < PROPFEMALE > this weekend 
bright eyed n bushy tailed :) ... Gettin ready for wrk .. Going to be an awesome day !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > sinkable ships sink ... < PROPFEMALE > breakable walls break .. sometimes the things you think will never happen ... happen just like that .. ive learned to never < PROPFEMALE > der estimate the impossible 
at the < PROPFEMALE > for a chili cookoff ... Yippie 
too many years ive done paid the price ... Why u gotta put all this drama n my life ... 
another day another dollar 
think ima get me another tat .... 
ok so this is how much my luck sucks .. I got here .. Got a ticket .. Walked outside .. n missed my number drawn ... WTF 
wahhooo here i go 
Man oh Man !! That sh ** hurt !!!! But was SO worth it ! I had a blast with my bestie !! Now I just wish I could fall asleep .. Still LOVE my job :) 
work was awesome .. my tatoo is throbbing lol .... had a wonderful day !!! 
at wrk .... Dentist tomorrow ... Yikes .. But i get a three day wkend ... Wahoo 
Happy St Patties Day Everyone ! ... I have a three day wkend ! =) ... But a tooth being pulled today =\\ 
ok .. when you get a tooth pulled ... someone should definitely warn you about a drooling problem that MAY OR MAY NOT OCCUR ! Lol ... Im so hiding out for the next 24 hrs AT LEAST ! 
lmao ... So apparently i have never been to a junk yard before ... It is definitely an experience ... Looks just like in the movies ! Haha 
went n tanned ... Now its nap time ... House cleaning later ... 
' and i know i may end up failing too ... But i know that you were just like me with someone disappointed in you .... Ive become so numb ... So much more aware ' 
had a fun filled day .. Fishing and a little swimming at the river ... Now the park with my sisters some friends and the kids 
Well im callin it a night ... Kids are asleep ... We had an awesome day ! It was so much fun ! 
got a lot of cleaning acomplished ... Still have a lot more to do though :\\ ... Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > ... Work n the a.m. 
well stayin the night with my girl ... Havent seen her in a minute ... Kids r finally asleep .. Now we layin dwn to watch switch n hit the hay ... Ready for the week ahead ... Yay 
man it is extremely foggy this mornin 
oh what a day .. Wrk was awesome ... Been laughin my booty off at stuff goin on at home ... 
waaahoo the facebook springer episode of my family has begun 
Headin to wrk ... Got some house cleanin to do after ... Ready to see what the day holds ! 
i could b mean i could b angry ... U know i could b just like u .. I could b fake .. I could b stupid .. U thought u were standing beside me ... U were only n my way .... Ur wrong if u think that ill b just like u ! =) 
kids are down !!! Wahoo .. Who is awesome ?! Me ! LMAO ... Now movies and my food certification test for work ... Ready for the weekend !! 
Work was AWESOME ! Karyoke tonight and then again on saturday ! Yay !! 
glad to b off ... Rylee is sick ... Yippie ... =\\ ... My feet r killing me but i had a blast last night .... Off till monday .. What to do ?! 
ugh ... Lookn like gonna b n bmt all day ... Bummer 
Iloathe hospitals ! :\\ But at least we are in the back ... Hope they can tell me what is wrong with rylee ... I am so tired of everything i own being covered in puke ... 
oh man what a hangover .... Beer pong hurt me ! Was a blast though lol 
Is wondering who comes up with television names ... Umizoomi ... Bubble guppies ... Wow ... Currently watching bubble guppies ... Jessalyns new favorite show ... Lucky me eh 
I dont like thinking before I speak ... I prefer to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth ! haha 
Who do u think u are ... running around leaving scars .. Your gonna catch a cold from the ice thats in your soul 
Rylee is down ! Nap time ? I think so ! ... Really wish she would get better ... :/ ... 
blah ... still cleaning ... bout to feed kiddos and lay them down ... Think I am going to finish my book 
ugh ugh ugh ... im visitin bmt far too much these days 
hamburgers for supper .. Yummy ... Picture day tomorrow ... And back to work for me ... Thank god 
im so excited ... Going to b a great week ... Get to spend some time with my little girl this week ! 
yay bak to wrk ... N my lil red has been nominated to be tested for GT classes ! I am so proud ! 
no one asked for life to deal us ... with these b******t hands we're dealt ... we gotta take these cards ourselves and flip em .. dont expect no help 
off to wrk ... 
if people want to talk trash .. maybe they should know the facts nefore they start 
ugh .... just another day in paradise ! 
too many years i done paid the price .. Why u gotta put all this drama in my life 
off to wrk .... Takin kids to school ... 
Ima pick tha world up and ima drop it on they $@#&n head ! 
\Lately I've been hard to reach ... I've been too long on my own .. everybody has their private world .. where they can be alone ... \"" 
Pretty as a picture .. Sweeter than a swisher ... Mad cause im cuter than the girl thats with ya ... 
all eyes on me when i walk in ... Dnt question that this girls a ten ... My walk my talk ... The way i dress ... 
wrk at eleven .... All the way till nine tonight ... Sheesh ... 
Finally off wrk ... Off to tan ... Then housewrk .... 
take me ... Ttttake me ... I wanna b a victim ... I wanna feel affection ... 
ugh .... Up and gettn ready for the day .... Want to sleep more 
whew that shower was so refreshing 
at the baseball field .... < PROPMALE > n < PROPMALE > both playin ... Yay for being off ... Thinkn some beer later sounds pretty swell 
Ugh ... Lalalala ... Just dunno what to do anymore ... 
if it makes u happy .. It cant b that bad ... If it makes u happy ... Then why the hell r u so sad 
i really loathe laundry ... So many clothes for only a cpl people ... Lol 
headn in to wrk ... Kindergarten registration for jessalyn this evening ... Yay 
off to wrk n a cpl hrs ... Enjoyn tha silence ... 
\ I don't care anymore if I let you down .. i believe that i need to be free .. im so used to my life with you around .. i dont know anymore the real me ... \"" 
RIP < PROPFIRST > ! You will be missed ... My condolences go out to all his family and friends ! 
when someone SHOWS you who they are .... BELIEVE THEM !!! 
home sweet home ... Wrk was so slow ... Happy easter everyone ... Im hitting the bed ... 
layin it down ... Work tomorrow 
Funny .. How time goes by .. And a blessing can be ... missed in the wink of an eye .. If i could turn .. Turn back the hands of time ... 
lord im twisted ... I feel the stresses hangin on me ... All the pain in my family ... They all depend on me ... 
first run in with daily cash ... It was fun .. Lol ... Tanned n now off to nap ... Wrk this afternoon 
Home .. wrk was ... Lets just hope tomorrow is better .. Up at five to head bak to wrk ... Im so going to sleep now ! 
wow five o clock came early ... 
think its nap time ... This week is so exhausting ... But so going to be worth it ! =) 
so much on my mind ... People and their hypocritical ways never cease to amaze me .... I kno what i am ... And what my family means to me ... I suggest such persons heed those words ... 
Even on my weakest day ... I get a little bit stronger ... 
crawfish ... And beer c .... One heck of a great time 
happy birthday to my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > ... Mommy loves you ! 
OMG .. My mom and sister are in dispute over FLOP FLIP thievery !! LMFAO 
Calling it a night !!! Been a long day ... 
nobodys perfect ... You live and you learn it .... 
no wrk ... no kids .. found out my car isnt near the total price to fix i though it would be ... and BEST of all ... got to see my girl !!! Today has been one of the best days in my life !!!!!!! Really needed one of them !!! 
Best song ever , \ It's my baby daddy .... he be always broke\ 
Just walk away make it easy on urself .. Just walk away .. please relase me from this hell .. just walk away .. Theres nothing left to feel 
cause im a gummibear ... 
up and gettn ready for wrk .... Glad its only an hr ... Lmao ... Miss my car ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESSALYN !!! ALSO I GOT MY CAR !!!!!!! THANK GOODNESS FOR GREAT FAMILY !! I LOVE YOU SISSY !!!!!!!!! =) 
my give a damn is busted ... Has been for a while now 
just walk away .... Pretend that none of this is real ... 
