So call me on all my lies Feed me on resignation Its all a game till you break a heart Then it’s a battle station My tongue is still guilty if theres One thing about me that still changes you My empty streets still prove That you’ll NEVER second guess me Never stop to undress me With your eyes We might win this time - M.S. 

Thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday . I am kinda shocked that many people actually left somethin on the wall . Made my day . so thank you 
Honestly the life I want to live wont ever approach me .. 
This Graphic Design class is gonna kick my ass . already know now ... 
Readin all them friend facts are just depressing haha 
when we eat dinner , people think we are rude because i have to rechew her food -BFS 
Facebook asks me whats on my mind ... I need a haircut 
I want some green beer :) 
i love imani ! shes my bestest black friend :) 
< PROPFEMALE > yehhhh 
Where do you go when your stuck in the middle ? 
Gotta love waking up at 330 and not missing class :) 
But then again . It's like one thousand paper cuts , soaked in vinegar . Like the battles with yourself , that leave you insecure . It's all just a numbing charade Until the day you finally wake up , and you're not afraid . -The Spill 
Life should have a undo button 
Tired tired tired but its such a good day outside . Going golfin lol 
I can walk on water , I can fly . - B.H. 
how many times will the bosnians come in one night lmfao .. 
that softball game outside is gettin loud ? wonder if MV is winning again lol 
Everyone should go to the < PROPFEMALE > buffet in utica .... Its amazing food and so cheap 
Its perfectly fine to be on someones side to help them thru a certain crossroad they are in , but to downgrade someone to the extent they do is uncalled for , not to mention completely counterdicting statements you previously said in the passed just shows how irrational and immature people can be at times . 
Anything goin on tonight ? 
the only sexually transmitted disease that a man transmits more than a woman is syphallis . the rest- the woman takes the crown for spreading them 
so so bored 
Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 < PROPMALE > per year . 
' She's not sexy .... She hour herself a grill ' 
That girls hot .... No Nevermind . She has herself a grill 
Your playing scatagories together ? Yea cuz one of us can't see and the other one can't write lol good times 
Wish all the mothers out there a happy mothers day :) 
3 more days left of mvcc .. PZzzzzzz 
anything going on in utica tonight ? place is a ghost town .. 
loves Atoya Thompson ... she is my new bestfriend 
Finallyyyy done with MVCC . gooooodbye 
Its wierd to finally be home . Knowing im not going back to that hellhole lol 
Does anyone have a t8 < PROPMALE > wrench ? 
Cause I am due for a miracle\ 
\ 
I'm waiting for a sign\ 
I'll stare straight into the sun\ 
And I won't close my eyes\ 
Till I understand or go blind\ 
-Thrice 
Ironman 2 = Epic 
< PROPFIRST > machanic just in banged . He ate face on the street . Most amazing moment of my life . He fell like a seal . Hands down funniest moment of my life lol 
Why does it feel like my life is on hold right now ? HahaHaha 
An amateur practices until he can get it right , a professional practices until he can't it wrong 
i wanna play some robot unicorn attack right about now :) 
Yeah , we all flirt with the tiniest notion\ 
Of self conclusion in one simplified motion\ 
You see the trick is that you're never supposed to act on it\ 
No matter how unbearable this misery gets\ 
-The Spill 
Woodhaul raceway is packed . 10k for 50-50 tonight and the fireworks are one of the best in upstate new york . Hopefully a good night 
Now i may be having a hard time finding ' happy ' . It is just something that will come when you least expect it . But i am a firm believer that you can find life . That will lead me to my ' happy ' . 
Book of < PROPMALE > is amazing 
who wants to play baseball todayyy ? 
Hangovers suck 
out . Bonfire . Bye facebook 
Rockos modern life was amazing . And i never that the b52's sang the intro song until now 
Famous bowls :) 
Good night . It was a good night :) 
< PROPFIRST > ortiz can hit the ball . But the guy cannot run worth shit . 
On a more postive note .. anyone going to warped tour at darien ? 
We just had a guy hop our fence getting away from the cops . Good ol < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Im gonna live my life the way i want to . and if anyone doesn't like the way i live my life then leave it :) 
So who's at chemung speedway ? 
who woulda thought turtle beaches would be so nice to listen to music on em 
progress turns into excellence 
Im a gamer . Get over it lol . But i cannot wait for gears 3 to come out . Looks good 
Who is going to iMatter Festival this yearrrrr ??? 
Half a tree fell down at brands when we were playin basketball . Sweet to see 
Riding on a bus with 60 kids on a bus is way way too much . Standing to watkins also isn't fun at all 
I remember when it was cool to run in the streets when it was a thunderstorm . 
Payday :) 
I just had a round of applause at < PROPFIRST>'s . it was a fun night 
see what people do not understand is that they control any situation\ 
they put themselves into . and with that control , you also control the\ 
outcome . but people leave themselves victim to only riding the wave of\ 
life . going with the norm . instead of actually making a difference . \ 
daring to be different . that is the only way to find happiness\ 
-Me 
I just met one of the nicest pennsy guys in watkins < PROPMALE > 
Finally a flippin thunderstorm :) 
my phone keeps blowing up saying i have friend requests from random people i dont even kno , but i get on here n i see no friend notifications . wtf facebook 
I need this job to be over for the year . These kids are getting horrible 
The kids on my bus are singing ' if your black and your proud clap your hands . ' Fml 
Anyone at darien lake today 
looks like im stayin in < PROPFEMALE > till january 
I've been noticing . I help alot of people without ever thinking twice . 
Rock paper scissor drive is the greatest game i ever created . Give it a year and it will be worldwide like monopoly lol 
I need your contacts everyone . new phone but my backup assistant isnt working . so text me saying your name . thanks 
rock paper scissor DRIVE round 2 . im winning tonight :) 
got my new phone . text me so i have your number 
my last day of spot is almost over with :) 
spot program is over :) finally 
lemons make rain . rain makes fire . fire makes you . so just go to sleep . .... goodnight 
what a long effin day 
sick . bed early . goodnight 
hey at least i made fifty bucks tonight :) . could have been worse 
finally hit 150 pounds on the scale .. took me 21 years to do that 
kinda wierd to think that school starts only 5 days from now . bye bye summer 
Its always sweet to be on your lunchbreak . Eat lunch and then be walkin back to the car and find money on the ground which pays for it :) 
right center field of yankees stadium . it should be a good day :) 
walkin pine city for no reason at all ;) gotta love it :) 
i made it ;) 
anyone up ? im bored lol 
i can walk on water , i can flyyy , i will keep on fightin till i die\ 
-BassHunter 
i freakin hate nightmares 
so whos at corning right about now ? 
wisdom teeth . yayy 
i dont want to be here right now lol i want sleep 
something corperate and the spill canvas are perfect to listen to while falling asleep . when your thinking about life 
done with classes . hell yes 
so whos at chemung tonight ? 
52 on front 9 at < PROPFIRST > twain .. i can go home happy on that note 
my 35 phone covered saved my phone ... going 60mph down the road . i knew i bought it for a reason :) 
its so hot out today . gotta love it 
Done with classes for the day :) no class Monday so its time to relax = 
Never fall asleep on the couch while watching the weather channel or you'll dream your in a hurricane 
< PROPFEMALE > diffy our yoyr best friend :) 
I have to inspect my car by the end of the month < PROPFEMALE > possibly a utica trip in the next month ? sounds good 
everyone should go to google.com and play with the google title . it like separates everytime you move your mouse next to it . its pretty amusing 
i jus won 17 bucks for < PROPFEMALE > Anson on Keno :) and im 2+ hrs away from her lol 
I hate contacts . i want lasik 
Rolling Thunder :) 
30 seconds to mars is an amazing band to listen to when you need to think and relax 
Bed Early for a Change ? wierddd 
candor to a football game with < PROPMALE > . bbl 
For any giving person , time is only as long as the person perceives it to be 
does anyone go to < PROPFEMALE > college that could give me thier login data so i could get internet ? haha text if you can 6077318904 
waiting a hour+ between every class on mon & wednesday is really getting boring .. 
Layin down . watchin a episode of House and going to bed 
this week needs to get over with . i want the weekend 
I think its amusing watchin naturally awkward people be awkward in public 
dating is dyads , which means two people sharing one relationship . its very unstable n if one falls out the structure collaspes . 
my face is numb lol 
Case 39 ... ill never forget that effin movie lol 
giants defense finally came to play . i almost feel bad for chicago quarterbacks at this moment 
I hateee being sick . Layin Down 
\im not an alcoholic .. im a drunk . alcoholic's are quiters\ " by some drunk guy " 
two hours down .. 7 to go lol . gonna be a long day 
Happy inflicts people at different levels . But with all the pain that is out there in the world , every rational intelligent brain will cause pain to themselves just to be normal , to counteract their happiness to level with the pain around them in some way , and to never take happy for granted . \ 
_me 
Police heli above my house ? What ? 
why the hell would you put mitre in girardi ? good call dumbass 
\ Mr. masterchief herself\ " ... by Drunk < PROPMALE > " 
referees have too much power anymore . sorry but shancoes touchdown was a completion 
bye bye < PROPFIRST > homo :) 
Anyone in < PROPFEMALE > free to bowl tonight at 9 ? 
Everyone ! Benefit at < PROPFEMALE > lanes .. Bowl for the cure ... be there at 3 
i need to slow down on the beer . jus threw a gutterball haha . havnt done that since mvcc days 
Random Note .... The word Indubitably is such a tongue twister lol 
No matter how unbearable this misery gets 
I absolutely love the show house . i don't even care lol 
Jesus its too earlyyy 
if you think about it ... everyone is addicted to something\ 
either their status . impressing their parents/friends . smoking . marijuana . cars . popularity . looks . everyone has their nitch . 
Eagles are such a scum ass dirty team 
If I'm good at one thing its this . I get sick every Thanksgiving or Christmas . Its truly inevitable . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone 
anyone who says methaphetamine ... couldnt be actually on methaphetamine .. the words huge lol 
Nice guys get left behind always get left in the dust 
did ne one jus see that skit of the simpsons christmas ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? raunchy lol 
CCC registration is broken and gay . they make it impossible to do it yourself when the CRNS dont match the stupid class . Fml 
428- first person to actually ask me to write about you . Where to start .. living next to me being kids together and growing up somewhat close . Remember basketball bets ? o god lol . manhunt . < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > hahaha . you are an amazing person :) Glad i had you in that part of my life . just wish you'd come back sometime haha 
\i feel that alot of people sleepwalk thru life . but going thru what i had to . it wakes you up and realizes all that is here to be thankful for\ " -skeleton man " 
Okay . to catch up on these .. 24 .. the last resolection of actually talking to you was around 7th grade . i hope your doing good . you always seemed like you had a good head on your shoulders . I remember we always were in every class in elementary and middle school cuz our last names are so close to each other . 
Birthdays one week away :) 
So who is about to be at buffalo wild wings for the ufc fight ? 
Was this over before , before it began ? - anberlin 
So the cold weathers here to stay for good . now wheres the snow ? 
There are still good shepherds scattered , \ 
but they're far between and few . \ 
And the sheep's skin that the wolves all wear is so thin I see right through . \ 
5 more hours until i get out of work :) 
out of work early . :) 18 mins to my bday 
where did 2/3rds birthday wishes go ? lol thanks facebook 
Stay Motivated ... 
Thank you for free food < PROPFEMALE > jackals 
Anyone have a nintendo ds they want to sell ? 
After all this time .. I feel like I moved on , but in reality I havn't actually moved anywhere . 
< PROPFEMALE > HalfOfAmericaForgotWhoThisHolidayIsBasedOn .. mas Everyone :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas folks 
Never leave grudges as grudges . Open wounds untreated never heal . 
WHAT THE HELLS UP WITH MY PHONE ? lol piece of shit wont send anything 
Hey bowling alley , thanks for the headache lol . these people have been bowling for 3 hours now . fml 
man its a bad day when your zodiac sign changes . 
What a hilarious night last night 
I hate R.E.M. Sleep and the dreams they cause . Along with Wisdom teeth for allowing all this to happen 
Use me as you will\ 
Pull my strings just for a thrill\ 
And I know , I'll be okay\ 
Though my skies are turning gray\ 
-Red Jumpsuit 
The Girl who sings for Lights needs to marry me lol 
raving in the projects with simspon haha 
Abandon All Ships is a great band 
my cousins < PROPFIRST > fullerton is on espnu .. goalie for team usa 
Soooo who is as bored as me ? 
Ya kno , all the ladies love my taste in music ... if only i could use it to my advantage . smh 
Gettin some sleep finally .. o skeet 
< PROPFIRST > ? try saget gang for me 
People need to stop bowling .... its been poppin since 630 
I feel this night has begun\ 
This fight isn't won\ 
Don't get me wrong . \ 
Is there anyone who can make me see ? \ 
Help me breathe . \ 
Is there anyone who can make me feel alive inside ? 
its a sad sad day when your father has tick tock from < PROPFEMALE > as his ringtone . 
R u kidding me < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Dream . Trust . Live . Love . 
idc how old you are ... pb n fluff is awesome 
Whats up with my phone randomly lighting up every night at 3:04 if im not using it .. freaky stuff 
good news .. all the snow will be melted in the next two days .. but our house might float away as well 
Everytime i hear the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > \dont ever look back song\ " .. all i think about is that creepy small guy singing it . thanks guy . you ruined it " 
Sorry everyone who lives around me .. Seen how many people actually get on this router and use my internet .. I finally got smart and put in a password . Your free internet is goneee :) 
< PROPFIRST > s made us wait for 3.5 hrs .. but it was free and so with the next < PROPFIRST>'s visit .. good night 
Yessss . done with work .. now home to do nothing and up in the morning for salameca to gamble all my money away lol 
seriously ... a foot of snow ? i guess that whistle pig was wrong , once again when he supposedly seen his shadow :P psh .. 
woooooooooork is soooo boring 
hey snow .. melt for me so i can play some baseball in the near future 
i hate how these people come in every friday and decide that bowling is the ONLY thing they will do for the whole 6 hrs im here . 
