is moving 

forgot . He got distracted by legal stuff . 
i finally sat down to watch Repo : The Genetic Opera . It was awesome ! 
Perhaps today is the first day of the rest of my life . 
I will make it a point to actually watch TV tomorrow . 
no work today just metroid 
is sober again YAY !!! 
i smell tacos 
I want pumpkin bread . 
God should release a new edition of the Bible in wiki format . 
i feel like i forgot something 
i miss wow and cod :( 
just hangin out with my old < PROPMALE > seagram's 
is enjoying the BEST durty martini he's ever mixed 
i wanna play paintball SO bad ! T.T 
< PROPMALE > hasnt forgotten where he's from . WHO DAT ! 
I just saw Colonel Sanders in the stands at the Superdome ! 
is listening to A Goofy Movie 
mmm beer and hot fries yay 
Marrero SUX !!! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
I know someone just had a birthday but I'm not sure who 
I'm not sure what day today is . 
I finally took the time to listen to K'naan's Troubadour and I love it ! 
I'm tired but don't wanna miss the falcons get stomped . 
wine and a movie sounds like a good way to end the night 
ok my lil sis just asked me why her < PROPFEMALE > was sizzling 
Geaux Saints all the way Saints Geaux all the way ! 
this calls for a celebratory < PROPFEMALE > ! Who wants one ? 
listening to < PROPMALE > do reggae covers of Led Zeppelin even though i have to be at work at 6 in the am 
I want a Hurricane WhoDat tshirt 
DAMN ! DAMN !! DAMN !!! I tip my hat to < PROPFIRST > but only after screamming at the hat wringing it and stomping on it . It was nice while it lasted . Some one hold me . T.T 
Give a man a fire , keep him warm for a day . Set a man on fire , keep him warm for the rest of his life . Happy holidaze peeples . 
just played left 4 dead 2 demo and i love it 
Man deez dudes shooting fa real wtf 
Decided to renew Xbox live to play black ops 
finally watched gran torino and that < PROPMALE > eastwood is one filmmaking sonavabitch 
i'm starting to feel left out 
did anyone else see a facemask foul on that last sack ? 
why does december of last year seem farther in the past than september of last year ? 
playin left 4 dead2 all day hells yea 
yea i have internet again !!!!!!! 
Just got in from the Zulu Extraveganza 
Not in the clear yet but at least i feel a bit better 
San < PROPMALE > clearly does not want to win this game . 
sometimes silence can be loud and excruciating 
I think I want to get married . Does anyone need a green card or something ? 
my mind feels like a prison 
shaleem dont like it 
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously . 
Elfin Lied is showing at ninjavideo.net . watch that shit 
I feel like I missed a few birthdays 
gone to mississipi 
my investments made 162 in 2009 
yay 
fuckin facebook >:( 
i dont wanna wash my hair today 
Does anyone know of a nursing school where I can get a B.N. ? 
we won , we won , we shot the BB gun ! 
i just found out i wont get to turn 24 this year 
curiosity didnt kill the cat as much as give it heartburn 
Does anyone else find it strange that < PROPMALE>'s station on Pandora radio plays mostly < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
After 12 hours of sleep Tibeau HUNGRY ! TIBEAU HUNGRY AAAGGHHH !!! 
tryna find the strength to walk away . heaven help me 
I´ll never fall in love . 
My status needed clarfication . I meant what I said when I said I'll never fall in love . I may , however , stumble from time to time . Don't fall in love , stand in love . Thank you Mr Marley . 
tired of stubble . i want my beard back 
stop changing your names fb fam , pls so i dont eed to update my phone contacts 
modern warfare 2 now ! lets go dancingdread , hit me up 
stupid lag you disgust me 
Q : What happens when you stop being the player ? A : You become the played . 
i should have read my horoscope earlier 
Nerves bad . Need real , old fashioned , uninterrupted , non-pill-assisted sleep . 
Facebook is the old new Myspace 
The shadow man done laid po < PROPFIRST > lo 
I shoulda ordered the soup 
Fiancée ?! Nooo !!! 
Cake , I don't too much care for your sound but I feel what you're saying . 
Damn 
sigh .. times like this i only know how to do two things , ( 1)grab a beer and ( 2)grab a guitar . guess i´ll do both . 
I now know for certain that I want to get married and raise a family ... of MONKEYS !!! 
Cloud f-ing nine 
Damn reality just set in 
my heart is beating all wrong inside my chest 
Cold beer and cold pizza , the breakfast of champions . 
I am sooooo tired . I wish I could sleep 
staring at the ceiling since 4 . may as well check fb 
< PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch but catharsis is ... well ... cathartic I guess ? 
i'm done 
You wouldn't like me when I'm angry . 
release feels good but bittersweet 
I could use a pick me up 
I DO NOT HAVE GREY HAIRS DAMMIT !!! 
got some strawberries fresh off the bush . yay for farmer tbo ! 
happy birthday to all you May babies out there . Live it up !!! 
its my birthday so everyone do me a favor and get so wasted that you drink yourself sober 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . I wish you all the best . 
my mind stuck in replay 
no one open the video of candid ass or whatever i did not post that 
Had a good night , so goodnight 
life sucks right now but thats okay becuz it used to suck more 
why wont fb let me change my name to < PROPMALE > Loblah ? 
You a steamin hot shitty mess 
WTF ?! 
Just picked up ufc 2010 . Been waiting a minute for this one 
jeez i am tired of fake post , invites and messages ! please take your viruses and worms and scams to myspace where they cant hurt anyone 
just realized that i lost weight and not in a good way 
almost got bit by a snake 
enjoying some cheech & < PROPFIRST > 
Why do you assume I care ? Go away please . 
damn squash vine borers destroyed my crops 
Why does the world hate me ?! 
stuck in hell aka the DMV 
Why do people only call me while I'm at work or seriously busy ? 
bored . i think i might catch a late movie by myself since no one else wants to do anything . :( 
Oh no ! My poor white Polos 
I have such horrible gas right now 
Why do these people assume I'm as slow as they are ? 
This is not going well 
These people need to stop playing with me seriously 
huzzah ! 
Ugh 
Feeling mighty shitty ; today's not my day . I guess it's like that orphan < PROPFEMALE > bitch says , \the sun will come tomorrow . \"" 
best chili i ever had 
Ready to go 
enjoying a tasty wish sandwich 
i wish my brain had an eject button 
Chili + hefeweizen = :) 
I think I ate too much 
I just realized that the only times I ever hurt myself with ridiculous antics when I'm sober 
Fuck it I'm tired of trying to sell a glass of water to a fire 
-tehehe nessa here hackin dha brotha fb ! iwud say ilove u but then id be lyin < PROPFEMALE > iLy <3 ! 
> : -0 
watching < PROPMALE > potter movies for the first time 
I've had nothing but oreos to eat all day 
is it football season yet ? :( 
i want to get a dog but i dont want to smell one . does anyone make human scented dogs ? 
i forgot what i was supposed to be doing 
finally uploaded those pics of the kids 
i wanted to hit the club tonight but i realized i forgot to get my hair did . i should just cut this shit . 
I just cant seem to learn my lesson . smh I'll catch on sooner or later , hopefully sooner though . This is gettin old 
the night ended pretty early but still came 5 clicks short of being mind-blowingly awesome ; which , in case youre wondering , is pretty damn awesome 
Staring a life upgrade in the face right now . Cross your fingers for me ! 
just finishe dwatching will shatners roast 
Sitting under the dryer til it is time to leave for work 
Bored at work again 
GOOD GOD ALMIGHTY I HATE THIS PHONE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Don't push me cuz I'm close to the eeedge 
Omw to see inception 
i just watched a documentary about the zombie rights movement 
wow why am i thinking about this shit ? if anyone needs me i'm retreating to my happy place assuming it still exists 
I lost 75 dollars last quarter yay 
Yay ! Weeds is back !!! WTF < PROPFIRST > ?! 
tried to watch dinner for schmucks . I am glad I didn't pay money because I didn't bother waiting till halfway through to walk out on that POS . 
sometimes things get weird in my head 
I need scripts ! 
I have so much to say it would take me days to get it all out . All this time so many emotions conflicting but it seems anger is winning now . Sleep is not a given . Mental peace is a luxury . A full , empty stomach is a contradiction . Contradiction is my reality . 
i give up . i've been lying in bed awake long enough i might as well do something 
ok fb I bet you I get a good night's sleep tonight . I win , I get rest . I lose , I get a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > and try again tomorrow night . [ cue rimshot ] 
just started my laundry and found money in three pairs of pants 
YAY ! My new Droid x came today 
i've been asleep for 10 hours and i feel so wonderfully groggy 
Who dat ! Let's see how these boys do tonight 
Damn . My weight is down to 134 even 
I am SOOO proud of myself 
Been setting up my website all night long , but i feel like i didn't get anywhere 
Home now , gotta take a shower 
I want to , I really do . I just keep coming up with reasons not to do it . 
If things go the way i think they will , i'm about to lose a small piece of my soul 
Does anyone remember < PROPMALE > Wehadababyitsaboy 
Intelligence is a burden . Ignorance is bliss . 
First dentist , then school board , then audition 
Had a good audition . Now I'm on magazine st looking for something to eat 
Some brownies or oreos would be awesome right now 
hmm right back to square one 
sometimes i just wanna chop myself up and send out my body parts as gifts 
I've been writing for hours . My hands ache and they're shaking . I hope this works . 
Got some halfway decent rest . Now i just wish my heart would stop pounding so hard in my chest . 
Guess who has an appetite today ! I'm starting to really feel better . 
woob woob woob woob nyuk nyuk nyuk ! 
Why when we are depressed do we listen to sad music that depresses us more ? 
Just got home from the doctor , wanted to drop off this application but not enough time 
just sold three games and picked up mass effect 2 
Caramel marshmallows and Cupcake Pebbles cereal make a much better rice krispie treat 
Sometimes i wish i was more flexible just so i could kick myself in the face . On an unrelated note , damn you NSU . 
just once i'd like to come home to an empty house 
My face is cold . Someone should invent something to keep your < PROPFEMALE > warm . You could call it a jaw jacket . I miss my beard already 
In an effort to regain some of the weight i lost , i decided to start eating pork again 
Just got home from a long day at work . Xbox time ! 
Cancer tastes so good 
Don’t know why this dude had to start with that bullshit 
Covered in sweat and concrete . I'll sleep good tonight 
Just got home and i'm sooooo dirty . There's concrete mix in places i really don’t want concrete mix in 
I am SOOOO tired of < PROPFEMALE > . OMG !!! 
Who dat 
some people are actually crazy , others are attention whores , and the rest are just stupid 
I just got of the dentist's office after falling asleep in the dentist's chair for a good hour . The nap was good but who does that , seriously ? 
It is official , I will be graduating from college this December . YAY ! 
Fake ass motherfuckers are cancerous tumors and are deserving only of being excised and irradiated . 
a fortune cookie told me not to underestimate myself ; my social skills are needed today . So who needs me ? Surely the wise and all-knowing cookie could not be wrong . 
Making fun of the fantasia movie with my lil sis 
I need new music 
I finished reconstructing my résumé now i just need to get some new stuff to put in it 
abita is hiring brewer trainees ! guess who i'm sendin a résumé to ! 
Just finished watching zeitgeist 
I'm just not sure how to approach this . sigh . What do I do ?!?! 
Don’t know what to do about school so i'm catching up on how i met your mother 
Some people have brown eyes and brown skin because their ancestors were from Africa . Other people have brown eyes and brown skin because they're that full of shit . 
First td of the season baby !!! 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who suffers from stupidity . STUPIDITY is a real condition and should \ 
betaken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . \ 
There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . \ 
93% won't copy and paste this ...... because they ... well they don't know how to Copy and Paste . Will you ? 
Watching calgary whip up on edmonton . Who knew the nfl network showed cfl games 
Wine and a movie anyone ? 
I think i might be retarded 
I just knew vick would take the game into overtime 
YAY !!! < PROPFIRST > lost !!! Suck balls cowboys fans ! 
The sun is going away so I'll fire up the grill 
Dear God , < PROPFEMALE > , Easter < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , etc . \ 
\ 
My life has become boring . Please rescue me from the tedium . Send me on an awesome adventure where I will have lots of fun and meet new people and see new places . \ 
Amen , \ 
Tibeau-Beaux 
I feel like singing 
I miss you 
I just straight man-handled the chiefs on madden . Garbage ass mofos 
i would love some beer 
I'm now fairly certain that i have completely lost my mind . 
ok fb fam before you go to bed or work or the club or the grave , I have a question for you to ponder . If I were to achieve world domination tomorrow , how do you see yourself fitting into my new New World Order ? 
just got started on season 4 of how i met your mother 
Lmao@ < PROPFIRST > favre 
The niners can't beat the saints , they can hardly beat their meat much less the world champs 
You gotta admit san < PROPFEMALE > has a NICE setup 
< PROPFIRST > rice looking like a black mr clean lol . That was my dog back in da day 
Down to the wire !!! 
Good game san < PROPFIRST > , very good game ! 
Watching bears@ cowboys 
I hate cleaning up . I can never find stuff afterwards ! 
From the < PROPMALE > itself comes the handle for the axe . 
Today I broke a sweat pumping gasoline . That usually doesn't 
picked up rock band today 
Pleaseput this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed onAlderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand the the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic ... Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Oatmeal and coffee . No beer for breakfast today 
Dammit Tibeau measure twice and cut once , not eyeball once and cut fourteen times . This is caberet all over again 
want cake 
Why this dude subbed a kicker for a qb 
bacon flavored pudding would surprise me too 
Sloppy 
I wish my life was exciting 
seppeko 
Dolphins ?! I never noticed dolphins ! 
mmm beer 
Apparently it is now time to start wearing jackets 
I guess I'm just book smart and life stupid . 
From now on I'll never goto the casino again without a zipper pull in my shoe 
i dont know who took my phone charger but thats really not cool 
Looking good , looking reeaaally good ! 
I've got to learn to not put all my eggs in one basket 
Ha ha , I'm still in the game !!! 
So the paperwork is all done . It's official ! I start my shiny new job bright and early Monday morning ! Woot !!! 
i had a clever way of saying that today was damn near perfect but i'm tired and i forgot it . 
I'm freezing , sweating , tired and awake . 
Up since six and the day is dragging onward 
When will it be over ?! :( 
Just finished watching my first UFL game and it was a doozy 
This saints team got me believing they can win . They better not let me down ! 
I finally know what Christmas tastes like . 
San < PROPFIRST > bans Happy Meals ?!?! 
Scientists have finally invented holograms ! 
< PROPFIRST > Bock is dead . 
My niece just called me and told me hello !!! 
I got murder on my mind . 
I need a new profile pic 
Those Philly boys clownin ! I knew they'd win ! 
I am now bored with this game . 
< PROPFIRST > is on fire ! 
I'm about to curl up in front my tv and sip on my bottle 
i cooked ! 
chardonnay was the right choice 
Today I do the first half of the before-and-after fit test for my new workout routine . Then , I get my hair did , then work . 
I take some time to check facebook and refill my beer and all of a sudden Hines < PROPMALE > is hobbling off the field ! WTF ? Gotta love Chimay blue though . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > you really missed out on this one IDK if you got my text . 
What is going on at FedExField ?! I don't know what they put in the Eagles ' gatorade but i want some 
I feel liberated ! Weightless ! Relieved ! This chapter of my life is over ! Praise Jah ! Now it's time for a beautiful new beginning ! Who's coming with me ?! 
I feel like a modern-day Lot . If I look back will I turn into a pillar of salt ? 
Today was my first day with P90X and it was a simple workout but by no means easy ! Next week I'll have money to eat properly then look out !! I can't wait for plyometrics tomorrow 
gn fb 
Yoga today 
This game is CRAZY !!!! Go Eagles ! 
Good morning fb ! Any good news for me today ? 
I hate the holidays 
P90x got me smelling fabulous 
:( I just lost my phone T.T \ 
Oh beloved DroidX you will be missed . R . I . P . \ 
If anyone needs me I'll be hanging from the nearest ceiling fan . 
Ok I have an interim phone until my new droidx comes in . It just happens to be my old original droid ! 
well I'm back to being phoneless :( 
Yesterday was a much needed day of rest , but now it's time to get to work . Week two begins now ! 
I got a bottle of wine and no one to share it with 
Reunited and it feels so good ! 
This game is off to a good start . Way to go Will !!! 
Come on fellas 
Now I'm home and bored 
Shopping for a new stove 
Where did our time go ? 
You can still poke people on facebook !? 
Hey baby . Am I crazy , or was you givin me the eye ? You say maybe ? Well you crazy , cuz you know I'm too fly . Already know I'm too fly 
There is a reason you can put passwords on your phone . Lock your phone people . 
I am f-ed up beyond repair I gotta be the stupidest person in the whole world . I was presented with the one thing I really wanted , it was mine for the taking . I just let it go . Can't sleep . 
Im tired . No time to workout , straight to work . :( 
Today was a day and that's all I can say . Good night , I have to be up earlier than usual . 
I'm cold and wet :-( 
Yoga now 
I got really ambitious with the asanas last night , could barely stand up this morning . 
I need a drinking < PROPMALE > tonight . Any takers ? 
I ain't gotta do nothing cept stay black and die ! 
I knew they wouldnt let me down ! WHO DAT !!! 
The bucs look ridiculous ! 
shoulda went 2 NV to party wit Nene Washington but fuck it i got work in da morning . good night facebook 
I just had chestnuts for the first time . 
Apparently two 6-year olds and a 3 year-old broke into a house in Covington and stole a board game , some money , and cigarettes . WTF ?! 
My new phone number is ( 530 ) 918-tbo3 give me a call 
does anyone have an og moto droid I could borrow for a few minutes ? 
i wanna play the < PROPFIRST > game send me some < PROPFIRST > 
#34456 where you at ? I ain't seen you since < PROPMALE > was in diapers ! 
#80737777722217806 u retard 
#1 I could write a whole book about you but you'd prolly only read the cover 
#123 too sexy for your own good . I shoulda holla'd when i had the < PROPMALE > 
#facebook you makin me mad !!! 
Had a great day with family 
Cha-ching !!! 
Mmm chai ! 
Toothpaste is ? 
Tell me why I turned my wipers on and the one on the drivers side flew off 
having a drink without you 
Never put off until later what you can avoid doing altogether . 
I get off an hour early to go to a christmas party . I love being a city employee . 
I need a catch phrase 
Omg I don't have wine for tomorrow 
I <3 The Walking Dead ! Soul wrenching television right there ! 
Who's gonna help me sneak into the Dirty Birds ' locker room next week and spike the gatorade with x-lax ? 
sometimes it gets to be overwhelming and whatever the opposite of fun is 
Damn you pesky rain clouds !!! Grrr ! 
I try not to do stupid shit , but sometimes I just can't stop myself . Sigh . 
I discovered < PROPMALE > Fresco today 
Done with the long work day . Mostly done with prep for tomorrow . Now for most of a night's sleep . I neglected a lot of people today but I'll get to them tomorrow 
I found a rindless brie at walmart yesterday . It happens to go great on a bagel 
:( T.T WHYYYYYYYYYYYY !?!? 
i just fell asleep tryna text sombody . guess that means goodnight 
Watching Hitch . If only real life were that simple 
Its Monday night and im in the mood for football 
Quick and easy dentist visit 
Never really listened to that < PROPFEMALE > song til today 
If I go outside I'm fine , but inside I need a jacket ? Wth 
I have nothing to do til 5 
Clos du bois pinot noir . This works for now . 
I think we hurt his feelings 
If I ever write a children's book I want it to begin , \There was once a girl named Random Wendy . \"" 
I don’t burp and I don’t fart . I do , however , belch and fot 
Stupid paypal 
What do you do when you find out that someone close to you is faker than < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s tits 
Let the music play , down at Fraggle Rock ! 
I just managed to waste all my breakfast time playing with my feet 
This dj sucks balls ass and pickled pig lips 
English is a cool language , more Americans should learn to use it . 
It's official , the New Orleans Saints are no longer the reigning NFL champions 
My left thumb is itching like crazy 
Sigh 
I just noticed that my shirt has been inside out all day 
Just got home from seeing The Color Purple . I loved it ! Shout out to < PROPFIRST > Jones Jr. you looked good out there man ! 
I looked and smelled too good to be calling it a night this early , but fugg it i gotta work . Stupid responsibility . I shoulda stayed a toys r us kid 
I'm ready for my audition now 
I shouldn't have eaten that Danish 
I <3 cake ! 
I'm ready to dance ! 
The cat's high ! 
sometimes rejection feels good 
Question : How many best friends have you had over the course of your life ? 
What’s your drink of choice ? 
This dude is SOOO SLOOOOWW !!! 
This girl can't let us leave at least one store without spending hundreds ?! Good thing I'm BALLIN !!!! AHAHAHA !!! 
Woke up an hour ago . Sleep just ain't working . 
Beep boop 
All I'm missing is polo boxers 
I hate when ppl don’t respect the speed limit . The sign says 60 that means you should be doing around 70 , 65 at least but not 40 !!!! 
The cat's trying to lick her ads but can't reach lol fat bitch ahahaha 
Just got home from playing tennis . I haven't played in two years , but I still got it ! 
Nice day for a picnic 
I havent spent an entire evening at home since Wednesday of last week . I'm so bored right now someone save me . 
At what point in his life do think < PROPMALE > Richards discovered he could give himself a bj ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesn't call in sick for the flu , the flu calls in sick for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Went to see Pato Banton last night . I got home really early but i still slept really late wth ? 
Stuck on the expressway . Yay Mardi Gras !!! >:( 
Stupid cat had her babies while I wasn't here . :( 
Today is looking like it will be excruciatingly long 
I need a more challenging tennis partner . 
I want everybody to take a moment to forget what they don't ? have in their lives and appreciate who they do have . Why not change your picture to someone in your life you would like to recognize . Pick one person involved in your life that you are truly thankful for and let their photo or a photo pertaining to them represent you for the rest of the week . Repost this and encourage your friends to do the same . 
Old white dude keep calling me < PROPFIRST > he gonna find my foot up his ass ! 
I just fell asleep in my driveway . :( 
Beer for dinner , mead for dessert . 
I think I wanna party extra hard this weekend . hit me up cuz chances are , i wanna get drunk with ya 
I can't decide how I want to style my whiskers 
How do you think I'd look with a beard but no mustache ? 
At st < PROPFIRST > and toledano 
Some pivotal scenes fell a bit flat as far as the acting goes , amongst other things . Overall , though I thoroughly enjoyed Battle : LA . I wanna play COD now lol 
Spent time with the fam to celebrate Bahir Abdul-Aleem and Zahir bday 
the apex2 is the most inaccurate barrel ive ever used . granted the balls i used were cheap and shaped like pills instead of spheres but still 
Her son swear im there to see him lol 
Beer festival this weekend ! 
today i dont feel like doing anything . i'm jus gonna lay in my bed . dont feel like picking up my phone , so leave a message at the tone . today i dont feel like doing anything , nothing at all 
time 4 black ops 
Slow day at the Paintball field . Waiting on my bison burger now . 
Listen to Jesus < PROPFIRST > , all the cherubs say you gotta ! 
I have a motto now ! \Pride in honor \"" 
Good day today . I got a lot accomplished with surprising little money . Thanks , < PROPMALE > Chambers , for losing that bet . I didnt wanna grab cash :-] 
I can't wait to get off 
Who on facebook knows how to speak Swahili 
The garden is mostly done , just need more dirt for the pumpkin . Now I get to waste energy on landscaping . 
I hope I get it ! 
Today my name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Finally went to Pinkberry and tried the lychee . It was actually really good . 
1 down 2 to go . I wish this was a permanent gig 
