2011 , What mischief shall I cause now ? 

trying to set up a webpage for my mom's band . Godaddy is confusing . 
Gets to wear his new shirt to church . This'll be good . 
is going deeper into insanity . 
Forget the sorrows of yesterday , rejoice in the hopes and dreams of tomarrow ... \ 
Wait , where do these random pieces of crap keep coming from ?! 
planning on finishing the Album started earlier . Only post 10/50+ pics . 
spending the day bowling , and getting fatter at the Varsity . 
Time passes by , yet the sorrows of the past can't be forgotten . Time washes away the joy , the dreams , the love of old , only to create the sorrows of memories . 
Trying to figure a day to go see Predators . 
Watching Tremors 1-4 tonight , while working on a series of maps for a project . 
Wishing that I had a new computer so I could get < PROPFEMALE > Craft 2 
going swimming , also those of you who are maybes for the Predator movie , I need to know by tonight , otherwise I'll post pone it to next week . 
Goodbye Halcyon Days . For tomarrow brings the realization that we're nothing but a speck in the ages of time . Here in a second , gone in the next . 
Mr. Reynolds has prostate cancer . He's going to have 40 surgeries . Prayer for his family , and himself . 
Mrs. Arena moved back to New York ! 
Love hot chocolate , no matter what season . Wierd , no ? 
Regrets fuel our thoughts , and dreams fuel our actions . 
Every single one of you that is on my friend list is the result of a \ 
conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you \ 
as friends , but also as family !!! Lets see who in my friends list \ 
actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be \ 
... watching ... to ... see who really does this . \ 
\ 
I'm no stinking robot !.... Well not yet at least . 
So long days of old , times of joy and happiness . For the < PROPFEMALE > bring to light the darkness that has taken its hold over us , and how far we all have fallen in to the abyss . 
Baking cookies ! 
Cleaning windows ... Help ! 
Classes :\ 
1st : Am Lit/Comp Hom , Carden . \ 
2nd : Math 3 , Pomerance\ 
3rd : Honors US Hist , Rasmussen\ 
4th : Archit Draw/Des 1 , Salas\ 
5th : LUNCH\ 
6th : Physics , Webb\ 
7th : Spanish 2 , Tippens 
Remember the warmth of the sun , for one day it shall go out . For everything dies in this world , and nothing can last forever . Time extends it's grasp , withering everything within it's reach . 
Time comes and time goes , taking joy and hopes with it . Forgotten sorrows are all that's left of once halcyon worlds . 
Downing my day in te basement playing video games . 
Predators was amazing . Also I think you should stay away from that guy ... 
watching the Colony , and can't help but laugh at their failing attempts of security . I'm sorry , but going two days without any kind of security measures isn't that bright . 
Wishes for a extremely long winter break . Screwsummer and it's extreme heats ! 
has 5 days left to practice driving before attempting to get license .... \ 
( Asian + Car)/Road = Oh holy $h*t ! 
Goodbye summer , hello dictatorship that is school . 
can't believe that summer's over . Still needs a few weeks to sleep in late , stay up late , playing video games , or hanging with friends ... 
Just got my hair cut , it feels amazing . 
Why do I get the feeling that something is going to go horribly wrong tomarrow ?... Wait , school happens ... Crap ... IT'S TOO SOON ! 
Goodbye Halcyon Days . Raise your shields , and ready your weapons for the tides of heck are fast approaching . Fight off your demons , rally your allies , and pray that you'll make it back to the Halcyon Days . 
I wish things would slow down , its overwhelming right now ... Yet , I know I need to keep pressing forward , even though , one false step , and I'm swept away . Maybe its for the best , maybe not ... Who can say ? Who can say ? I know , I can't say , I know that much ... 
I got my drivers license !!!!! Beware ! 
Read my new note ! Its hilarious ! Or perhaps it was demented ... No , wait , it was hilarious ! 
Iacta alea est . Minus solum , quam cum solus esset . 
Let the sorrow drown me out ... Let it consume what's left of myself , and leave me an empty shell ... Let the sorrow , regret , remorse take the pain away ... Goodbye Halcyon Days ... 
Time comes , and time goes . Things that we once knew vanish into dust . It'll always happen , there's nothing you can do . Goodbye Halcyon Days ... 
feels like everything is going down hill . That everything is slowly leaving him behind , back in the darkness once more . Maybe its time to give up on it all , and drift endlessly in the darkness once more ... Goodbye Halcyon Days ... 
Is going to bake peanut butter cookies . Just like Aunt < PROPFEMALE > does . Yum ... Cookies ... Sweet delicious peanut butter cookies .... 
The hollow feeling is back , only emptier ... Its as if , all the sorrow is condensing ... Maybe the other parts of me are right ... Maybe its time to accept the facts , and give up once and for all ... 
working on US History Vocab , and Catcher In The Rye study Guide .... ITs such a boring book ! I love books , but this one is heck ! 
So many\ 
Bright lights , that cast a shadow\ 
But can I speak ? \ 
Well is it hard understanding\ 
I'm incomplete\ 
A life that's so demanding\ 
I get so weak\ 
A love that's so demanding\ 
I can't speak 
driving to school tomarrow , beware , the roads arent safe . Stay off Arbor Hill , and beware the green < PROPFEMALE > 
Goodbye Halcyon Days ... What little of happiness I had , has long since gone away . In its place is the undeniable taste of sorrow ... I can't feel any of the pain though , maybe I'm dead , or maybe there is none ... Goodbye Halcyon Days ... 
Being single sucks . It also sucks when you have no job , or way to produce money . And it wouldn't be all that bad if you weren't buried under homework . Am I right ? 
wonders if his life would have been better if he hadn't been adopted , and grew up in Japan . Seriously , it probally would have been cool . 
feels like he's buried 13 ft under the ground . 
is tired , has to study physics for test tomarrow , and finish keyblade drawings for tomarrow . Plus I need sometime for video games and stuff . Maybe I should create some doppelgangers or clones or something .... 
needs a good title for a parasitic weapon . Its a keyblade , and is slightly twisted in design . Also , if anyone spams this with random , no point names , I'll return the favor with interest . Also , does anyone have a scanner that I could use ? or something to upload drawings to my PC ? 
Who am I ? I'm a nobody , did you expect me to be a somebody ? Nay , to be a somebody is too much trouble , when you could be a nobody for nothing . Am I alone ? No , I suppose not , there are more of us I suppose ... 
I dont see the point in opening up to others anymore . I opened up once this school year , and got hurt just like every other time . Its not worth it anymore , I'd rather end up alone than feel the pain again ... 
can't think of anything to do . Maybe I should work on those archery targets , and sword dummies ... 
Is bored , more so than usual . Oblivion isn't even letting up on it , it's gotten to the point that I'm mowing through every obstacle without a problem ... 
is watching all 3 Jurassic Park Movies , and is planning on going to the Town Center Mall tomorrow . Nothing like getting lost in a mall on Sunday . 
Going to church , then the mall . Since I'm going to ditch my family , I'm hoping to find Gamestop or a music store really quickly . 
is working on Catcher in the Rye study guide , plus some other ideas for something else . Maybe a map at the rate I'm going , or perhaps a nice set of maps . Yeah ... Maps are nice ... 
Just saw something epic on X-Play . Starcraft II Mod Games , include a 3rd Person Shooter - played from a Terrain < PROPFEMALE > perspective . Another one was a Final Fantasy like game , and another was Chess with different soldiers as the pieces . Epic . 
am I really falling back into it ? After dragging my broken shattered remains from that pit already ? Maybe its time that I walk away from it all , and dissapear forever . I'll come back to it once I've readied myself , or maybe not ... 
Is visiting Mom in the hospital . Before anyone comments , I don't know what kind of surgery it was . Hopefully my mom will be home tomarrow , but bed riden for awhile . 
Ok , I'm currently taking suggestions/request for Keyblade ideas . Request will get priority over Suggestions , and the finished keyblades will be given to the requestor as soon as possible . Suggestions will be used to fuel ideas , and the finished keyblade can be given if requested later on . 
turns out , I have a scanner . Now I just need to find my tracing paper , several sharpened pencils , and some tape . Now any and all keyblades I make can be put online . 
found my tracing paper , so I can now compy my drawings over to it . Now I just got to learn how to use the scanner . 
it re-coping my original keyblades onto trace paper , next step is to check for mistakes before scanning them . If it goes to plan , they'll be online sometime this weekend . 
I finally got those published ! Now to work on Lit Homework , and sleep . Lots and lots of sleep ... 
Goodbye Halcyon Days . For the winds of time blow on and you are nothing more than dust in it . Yet even dust has the power to change the world around it . 
is working on the Study Guide for Catcher and the Rye . Anyone got the answers for Chapter 13 to the end of the book ? 
is so tired of all the shit in life . I really don't see the point in school , driving , friends , anything . I blame the Catcher and the Rye , or maybe just everything else . Screw it . 
Is mentally dead . Goodbye Halcyon Days . 
Steal an item , and you'll be fined . Steal a life , and you'll lose yours . Goodbye Halcyon Days . 
Its funny , I care about her , yet I don't know if she cares about me . I want to be by her side , through it all , yet I'm not forced to . I'd surrender everything to help her , yet I know that it doesn't matter . Goodbye Halcyon Days . 
Who am I ? I'm a speck of dust , nothing , yet something . Do I care ? No , I haven't cared for along time . Some parts of me care , but my heart and soul have drifted away . Far away , too far , I lost my anchor to this world . Maybe you've seen it ? I doubt it though ... 
Spent the night plying Oblivion . Nothing like some flaming Scamps to lighten a day . Plus the murdering of countless civilians , animals , and horses . Leyawin no longer has gaurds , and horses . 
Doing chores before GameStop . Borderlands here I come ! 
Things to do today : Retrace keyblades , scan them , upload them , eat something , and buy Borderlands . Seems simple enough , maybe I should work on something else too ... 
Playing Borderlands , drinking < PROPFEMALE > ale , and reading Shonen Jump . Best weekend so far . 
Ok , I'm still playing Borderlands , but I should have the new keyblades up sometime tomarrow , if not then someone , preferably not someone that can hurt me . Punch me as a reminder . 
They say that the only reassurance in life is that Death will happen . If regis is true , then why waste what time we have with pointless things ? Why not go after the only thing that we need to be happy ? I guess we're all screwed up . 
Plans on going to church then working on keyblades in the afternoon . Or borderlands ... 
Nnearly forgot to study for test . Then again , Borderlands is just that good .... I love The Clipper - Careful if you drop it , you might lose a toe . 
I've lost it . Yet I can't remember what it was , I only know that it drove me to do everythingthat I can , yet now it's gone . I can feel the hollow inside me , I can feel every bit of it expanding inside me . Next thing I know is that I'll be consumed , drowned , dead on the inside ... 
If I reallycare about her , shouldn't I tell her ? But in doing so , I expose the one part of me that I deny ... Which is right and which is wrong for me ? 
well , I'm grounded . So I lost my games , at least I still have my tv , and computer ... I want to kill something now , like really cut something up into little bits . Or maybe its time that I just say screw it , I'm better off with a razor . 
Lets see ... I'm single , grounded , barely passing some of my classes , and going insane . What does this mean ? ABSOLUTELY nothing what so ever . Screw you life ! ..!.. ..!.. 
I can feel my sanity leaving . I can feel my primal urge to fight something growing , yet I can't find anything good to fight . I'm gonna break my punching bag at this rate . Violent video game withdraw is the worst to mentality of a person . I'm almost certain , that it's twisting my persona into a even more demented form ... 
About to go get pizza for dinner . Then it's back to my prison . Anyone text me or something to keep me occupied . Parents are still in dictator mode . 
This weekend is gonna suck . It's probally gonna be worst than waking up to see a Alien over your bed , just waiting to eat you . FML I hate being grounded . 
It's only 12 o clock and I have nothing left to do ... Why did I gave to get grounded this weekend ! Must find something to do for the next 42 - 36 hours . 
Sometimes I cry so hard from pleading\ 
So sick and tired of all the needless beatings\ 
But baby when they knock you down and out\ 
It's where you oughta stay 
Hey everyone this is < PROPFIRST > , I managed to get ahold of < PROPMALE>'s Facebook . Excited about Dragoncon 
Had a ok weekend so far . I'm pretty sure Dragoncon will be good , hopefully I can buy 75$ worth of weapons . 
I hate my mom , she's like a broken record . She keeps yelling that I need to study better but that's it , and that I'll be grounded if I donttellher when the next test is . 
is in need of ideas for keyblades . Currently out of them , and needs something to do . Please suggest ideas . 
I'm tired of wasting my time with this pain . It's all I feel now a days . I wish for something more , or something less . Maybe just something to forget about her , once in for all . 
Just got done playing Zombies ! with my neighbor . Now I'm gonna reopen a wound on my arm so that it will scar . 
So tired ... I don't want to wake up again . Never again ... Muramasa and Kexul are both right ... It's pointless to keep pushing forward ... 
1000 < PROPMALE > away\ 
There's nothing left to say\ 
But so much left that I don't know\ 
We never had a choice\ 
This world is too much noise\ 
It takes me under\ 
It takes me under once again\ 
I don't hate you\ 
I don't hate you 
Is so tired of all this bull . Also , does anyone happen to know anything about < PROPFIRST > Morse I could use the information for a project . 
just had a crazy idea on how to make paintball even more deadly . Dogs with remote controlled paintball guns . Its like a moving sentry turret . Or perhaps a Tatical Paintball Nuke . 
Is confused . Part of me wants to wait and stand by ready to help . The rest wants me to move on and forget it , that the odds were always against me . I hate this feeling . 
Who has seen the living dead ? \ 
They who have lost their spark . \ 
Who has seen the mighty fall , \ 
All because of a single step ? \ 
I've seen them , I've been with them . \ 
Why you might ask ? \ 
Because , I am one of them . 
I've seen them , I've been with them .... \ 
Because , I am one of them . \ 
The living dead . \ 
There is nothing in their eyes . \ 
The sparks of life that once filled them , \ 
Has faded away without a trace . \ 
Their hopes and dreams are no more . \ 
Only the bitter taste of thier lose . 
Is thinking about going by Hiroto instead of < PROPMALE > , at least I wouldn't get any more skywalker jokes . 
Is almost done reading Congo , great book , hate that I have 60 questions , 2 blog post , and 4 response questions over it . 
likes how my most effective , invisible disease that actually hit Madagascar on Pandemic is called ..... < PROPMALE > . Which unfortuantly beat Tonberry in the long run , and T-Virus overall . 3 games going at once is fun . 
They say that you'll find true love eventually . That's bullshit . The odds of anyone finding anyone else who could be considered a true love is nearly impossible , there's just too many people in this world . So f & ; @ that bull . 
finished homework , and figured out an effective combo for my swords and staves . With enough force , it can break the neck , part ofthe skull , and damage the spine . 
is it me or does L say some reasonable thongs , that are also disturbingly true ? 
Hates his mom . Threats to take Ipod and Cell away if I get bad grade of physics test . Really want to beat something up right now . 
Just got home after looking for the hidden Play n Trade a Riverstone . Failed attepmt , but I saw some wicked cars , and bought Fallout 3 . But the cars were cool , plus one of them was an old military jeep , with gun . 
I hate Super Mutants . Also , Nuka-Cola is deliscious . That is all . 
can't wait to goto Gatlingburg . Gonna buy a new weapon or two , plus get a bunch of homework done while going up and back . \ 
The Road goes ever one and on\ 
Down from the door where it began\ 
Now far ahead the Road has gone , \ 
And I must follow , if I can , \ 
Pursuing it with weary geet , \ 
Until it joins some larger way , \ 
Where many paths and errands meet . \ 
And whither then ? I cannot say . 
The FAMILY is watching . Don't open your doors to them . Also , if you got the Caps , I got the goods . 
Can't wait to buy some more weapons on Monday or Tuesday . Maybe a spear or a gunblade . 
The light is fading , \ 
Ever so quickly . \ 
The light is waining , \ 
ever so fast . \ 
How long it'll last , \ 
I can not say . \ 
The darkness is rising , \ 
consuming the hopes . \ 
The darkness is growing , \ 
over all those old bones . \ 
How long till it wins , \ 
I can only say , \ 
That we'll all be gone , \ 
Long before the darkness rules . 
wonders if He'll last the week without going further down the rabbit hole . \ 
The path to the light is paved in blood of the fallen . The path to the darkness is paved in the broken dreams . The path of the Nobody is paved with the broken hopes of yesterday . 
Still working on ABRs got the 60 questions done easily , it's just the response questions . I got 2 done out of 4 but both are sorta bulled togather . 
bought Ichigo Kurasaki's Bankai . Totally worth $30 , and its full lenght . Although I miss hanging around with my little buddies , that means all of you who are in the library in the morning that are shorter than me . 
I walk alone\ 
For who would walk with me ? \ 
I'm a nobody , not a somebody . \ 
I'm not like you , I'm not someone . \ 
I'm already dead . \ 
I'm still one of the living dead . 
Feels good to be home . 
wishes his iPod would f&%*ing sync already ! An hour of waiting is too long . I can't even listen to my music while I work on the SAT Prep . I could use some to cheer me up ... 
They say that if you love something , let it go . If it loves you , then it will come back . \ 
Guess its time that I move on , forget about it all ... At least I still got my swords . 
just reopened a wound with a knife ... Yes its messed up , but I can't help it . 
is wishing that something good would happen for once . Then again , bad stuff happens enough to me , why let it stop ... 
is trying to figure out if he should have a friend over . Of course , then comes the problem of who to invite , and what to do . Plus for how long , and all that stuff ... 
just beat Borderlands . All fear CLAPTRAP INTERPLANATERY NINJAS ! Silly Claptraps . 
SATPREP is boring as heck . Someone text me or something to keep me occupied . 
is bored . Bored to the point that Muramasa and Kexul are talking more so than usual . Sanity so long , thanks for staying , come back again some time . 
finally home from the museum . It was ok , but really boring overall . I could sleep right now if I laid down .... Got to do something fun soon or this break will be a waste . 
I've been thinking . Maybe theres a reason why I collect swords . Maybe its cause they'll never leave me , abandon me , or hurt me . Maybe its to fill a void in me .... Ok , obviously I haven't had enough < PROPFEMALE > ale lately . 
Is stuck mowing the lawn , working on an essay , and getting hair cut . So much for baking cookies . 
loves to eat his home baked cookies . For those of you that sit with me at lunch , kissing up can get you many places in life ... Including a cookie , but only one . 
There is no pain like the pain of losing love . You can fail at life , be tortured , or worse , but nothing compares to the pain that lingers where it hurts most . 
Might as well be dead . If there ain't no hope left . 
nobody would notice\ 
if a Nobody vanishes\ 
Nobody would care\ 
Not for a single Nobody\ 
They would care\ 
For they don't know\ 
They don't know\ 
Yet they see it\ 
They see it all\ 
And do nothing at all 
I love my new travelling companion , Dogmeat is such a good attack dog . 
They say we have purpose , \ 
Yet we don't . \ 
They say we're the future , \ 
But at who's cost ? \ 
They make us follow their rules , \ 
When we could move on . \ 
Who are They ? \ 
They are those that would\ 
Kill our hopes and dreams . 
I hate my self right now , since theres nothing I can do to solve a problem . If I'm so damn useless , why am I even here ? 
is going to go outside and train . I'll work on SAT prep after I'm done ... Maybe ... I need to clear my head .... To much shit is going on .... 
hates that The Betrayed album is only availible in England . Fuck you England ! You can't keep the good music for yourelf ! 
Isn't ready for another day in school , let alone SAT Prep . Why couldn't he just stay home and think over everything . 
has found an adequit way to remove my sorrow , rage , and depression that doesn't require about 8 liters of < PROPFEMALE > ale . It just requires squirells , and other outdoors animals . 
Out of everything that I've learned , this stands out . Forsake no one , and follow your heart . It knows what's best , even if it goes against logic , and common sense . All lives will come to the Crossroads , the path you take will determine your life . Follow your heart , find the path . 
We all have a person we can rely on . If you don't , then your doomed to fail . If I fall , how far will I fall before it's too late to be saved from it ? 
hates the K-Mart job application site , crashed 3 times in a row . And had to start all the way back at the start . Not like I have homework to be working on K-Mart ! 
Old Olney , it's a lovely place . Just remember kids , don't feed the Deathclaws . 
has found a way to defeat sadness . Its called : Jello , lots and lots a Jello . Or perhaps some senseless killing . 
if anyone can tell me a good site to download albums like The Betrayed , online thats free will be a great help to me . Also they will get a dessert that I < PROPFEMALE > to lunch on Monday , if you goto my school . 
Well I'm off . Time to get back on a path only I can take , for everyone's path is different , yet they all end up in the same place . Time for a sleep , then who knows were I'll be off to . 
has 3 songs stuck in my head . Misery Business , Killer < PROPFEMALE > , and Santeria . Thats after hearing each once on the radio .... 
Wonders if theres a way to write the Templar code on the computer ... Or Runic on the computer .... 
is gonna go work on dual sword combat for a while . Then he might excersice ..... Hahaha , an asian excersicing what a joke . 
If you can read this , then congrats . You understand english . If you can't then go back to where you came from you illegal ! Is this racist ? Just a < PROPMALE > bit . 
might as well let loose my inner demons . If I'm going to drown in this pain , why not tear down the world with me . Burn , burn ! Light the fires ! Watch the ash fall , and the sky darken ! 
Finally has most of the Betrayed Album , minus a few songs . But its still good . Although , being grounded doesn't help me any ... 
If it wasn't for Hate , We'd be dead already . \ 
If it wasn't for Death , Life wouldn't feel so sweet\ 
If it wasn't for Memories , We'd be forgotten\ 
Does it matter where we're from ? Shouldn't we care about where we're going ? Maybe its nothing , yet something forgotten . 
I can see into this abyss , \ 
There is no stopping myself , \ 
From feeling this . \ 
Everywhere that I go , \ 
Misery will follow , \ 
And it won't let me go , \ 
And it won't let go . \ 
I keep fading into you , \ 
Drowning in your darkest blue , \ 
The sorrow pulls me down , \ 
I'm weightless without sound , \ 
I still hear them calling . \ 
And it won't let go . 
I maybe grounded , but if I were to die today . I'd know this much as fact . I can only regret one thing , and it's caring about anything . 
Life is a bitch , the people we < PROPFEMALE > out with will only make it better or worse . If you let it get to you , your gonna die young . 
has screwed up a friendship . Odds of it coming back , none . 
is gonna goto sleep earlier , and wake up early for tutoring in the morning . He only hopes that he can get some sleep , but he doubts it . Not after all that he's done . 
Has a ton of homework , but sees a way through it . It shall be done . Besides , today has been average , some good , some bad . But the 100% on a quiz made my day . The usual happened , and my annoyances that are my different selves are at ends with each other . Thank you Muramasa and Kexul for fucking my life up . 
Home from working at the youth choir . Now it's back to working on homework , then some sleep . Not like I got anything to do . 
Screw you Math ! Screw you History ! 
can't make up his mind . Everything seems to be racing around in circles again ... 
is gonna go try and get on the roof . Grab some popcorn , and watch the clouds for awhile ... 
Is terribly bored with school and stuff . Can't wait for weekend . 
Misery will follow\ 
It won't let me go\ 
It won't let me go 
Is ready to get this over with . 
Some how walked through the dragon's maw , and didn't get roasted alive . How the heck did I do that ? I mean , my mom is in berserker mode . 
going to bed early for SAT in the morning . Been a sad day , and this evening didn't help it any . I got a feeling that this is just the beginning of the end . If not for me , then something close to me . Either way , I'd be dead if it wasn't for hate . 
Almost time to go take a test . Of course this means no outside communication for 3 or so hours .... 
Is home now , with nothing to do . Just great .... 
Nothing like classic A-Team on HD to makes afternoon interesting . 
I can see\ 
Into this abyss\ 
There is no stopping\ 
Me from feeling this\ 
Everywhere that I go\ 
Had a good night for once . Haunted Houses are amazing , future job oppritunities ? 
Is so bored lately . It's rather sad really , you'd think that something would happen ... Someone text me or something . 
Is anyone else going to homecoming ? Cause right now it seems like the only options are Solo , with Friends , or none of the above . 
The world is against you . Your only opinions are to do as it wishes , or rise against . Fight back , or die trying . Either way , you'll be dead in the end . 
Is tired . Tired of rejection , and failed hopes . Sometimes , I wish I'd never been born . 
Muramasa and Kexul have actually made some sense . The only good thing about life is the end . 
Parents thought of a great idea for a party . Too bad it's too late for Halloween . But it could still work well for any event . 
Is not ready for school tomarrow . Definately confused about somethings ... 
Wishes that he could fly . Fly away and leave everything behind . Curse you radiation for forgetting the wings ! 
If it wasn't for hate , the world wouldn't be as interesting . 
Figured out why the Japanese have such a high suicide rate . If their anything like me , depressed , anitsocial , etc . Then that explains alot . 
Wants to move to Pennslyvania . Don't ask why . 
Vision without Action is Daydreaming . Action without Vision is Nightmare . - Japanese Proverb . 
Find your path . Its a simple task , yet so many fail . It doesn't matter in the end though , cause we all end up in the same place . 
Goodnight world . Thanks for nothing , I'll be sure to return the favor . 
Tons of homework , plenty of time . Not like I can play video games or spend time with friends . Ah , the joys of being grounded . 
Oh take these stones away\ 
Start a brand new story\ 
I'll make it through each day\ 
Singing Death or Glory\ 
Give me death , or give me < PROPFEMALE > . Either way , one will come eventually . 
Is going to get some gas for the car , then Wendys . Then home for homework . 
What's done is done . Let it be , and put to rest your old worries . Tomarrow brings new challenges , and plenty of fear to kill the day . 
For all of you that say I'm your specific Asian . I am not , I am a general use Asian . So I don't belong to a specific person . That means you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , etc . 
Is happy . Strange isn't it . If your going to homecoming , you'll see why . If not , then you'll just hear the rumors . \ 
Also , on another note , I'm attempting to create a group for those that want to use the Templar Code as a form of writing . Plus Runes as writing . Mainly cause Runes are easily written , and easy to learn . 
Here are 3 ways to pay for a hotel stay . \ 
1 . Check/Credit\ 
2 . Cash\ 
3 . Sneak out in the middle of the night . \ 
We'll take option 3 . Very popular choice . 
Is wasting about 6 hours till Homecoming . So bored ... 
had a good time at Homecoming . Got to see some friends , and spend time with < PROPFEMALE > . Definately worth $15 dollars . Definately gonna remember tonight , even if I did have to wear a tie and belt . 
is gonna miss the weekend . Not looking forward to school , I'd rather stay at home and sleep . 
Today was ... Unusual . Even by my standards . Although , having a depressed Bussey that doesnt say much makes it so much better . That and the fact that its just 6 days till I can < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > again . 
Is gonna mess around with my new knives . They are so shiny , very shiny ... JUst like the precious ... Must haves the precious ... The precious ... 
\Do that again and I'll put my boot so far up your ass you'll cough up boot polish ! \ " - Sergeant RL-3\ 
Is looking forward to this evening . 
Is ready to sleep , a nice long sleep . Nothing more than to relax my mind . 
Has thought of a way to make staves that are stronger . 
just found out that there is a channel on tv that I get that has < PROPMALE > Python on it . Thank you TV for making my day much better , unlike you < PROPFEMALE > Letter . 
Oh your no fun anymore . - < PROPMALE > Python's Flying Circus . \ 
No seriously , your no fun anymore . You see what happens when you get bored , the voices start talking . 
New quote that I'll be using on some of you . 
\Time to kick some ass ! \ " \ 
Beware Ghoul crossing . 
Note : Feral Ghouls inbound . \ 
Best defensive course of action : Combat Shotgun to the face . \ 
Threat Level : 2 , unless in groups , which make it a 4 . This scale is out of 10 . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlBiLNN1NhQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player Watch the video . It's funny , almost as good as the part with the lisp . 
Scissors cut everything , right ? \ 
Sorry sir , they don't cut rock . \ 
Their very good scissors though . \ 
Love < PROPMALE > Python . It makes a terrible day or event good . 
Is not looking forward to the weekend . I don't get see to < PROPFEMALE > , and have nothing to do . At least I get some sleep , rest , and time to contemplate some stuff . 
It seems like more girls are becoming succubus , harpies , sirens , etc . End of the world , are you coming soon ? Sure seems like it . 
is thinking about going to R.I.T. for college , or Southern Poly , or GT . R.I.T. just wont quit sending me information about the school . Sure its in New York , but it does have good school programs .... 
Is officially ungrounded ! Sweet victory over Physics ! Back to video games , and tons of < PROPFEMALE > ale . I still miss < PROPFEMALE > though .... 
Just completed Monster Den . Next game will be in the expansion set , this time I'll use : < PROPFIRST > the Barbarian , < PROPMALE > the Thief or Conjuer , < PROPFEMALE > the Ranger , and maybe < PROPFIRST > the Magister , or Chelsea/Nicole/Kayleigh/Deanna the Cleric . 3 out of 4 slots filled is pretty good for now . Maybe I'll keep a log of events from the games , I could always start up 3 games with < PROPFIRST > and Me as permenant characters . 
loves the captions for Monsters Den , apparently I practiced necromancy when I was younger ... So many ideas coming to mind ... 
Like this status & I'll tell you ( 1 ) something I've learned about you after looking at your wall for 23 seconds , ( 2 ) a color you remind me of , ( 3 ) my first memory of you , ( 4 ) an animal ( Can be mythical ) you remind me of , ( 5 ) something I've always wondered about you , ( 6 ) my favorite thing about you , ( 7 ) a weird nickname I'm giving you , ( 8 ) my current impression of you , and ( 9 ) to post this yourself . 
You wonder why people call you names , when you think your innocent . Yet , it comes from your reputation that you've built for yourself . What you do will decide what people think of you . If your good , then they will respect you . However , if you sleez around , then you'll recieve proper judgement from your peers . In the end , you'll have only yourself to blame for your names . 
Just got done mowing the lawn , now I need to goto the store and buy that stuff for the project . Then work on < PROPFEMALE > Letter , and maybe exercise some . I think I'm gonna start exercising more often and try to gain some more muscle . 
I killed a friendship today , and feels completely good about it . I told that person my honest opinion of said person , and I knowthat she'll give me he'll about it on Monday , and I don't care . 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063929/quotes?qt0349540 
Suicide Squad Leader : We are the Judean People's Front crack suicide squad ! Suicide squad , attack ! \ 
[ they all stab themselves ] \ 
Suicide Squad Leader : That showed ' em , huh ? \ 
Thank you suicide squad for such a cunning attack . 
just saw a great episode of < PROPFIRST > Lopez . So many spoofs in it , too funny . 
Happy Holloween everyone ! Let loose your demons tonight , and celebrate ! 
is planning on relaxing tonight . Got to prepare for the blood bath tomarrow . 
Not ready for school . I'd rather spend tomarrow with < PROPFEMALE > to make up for lost weekend time . Why goto school on Monday , and get Tuesday off ? 
HOPES EVERYONE HAS A FRIGHTENING HOLLOWEEN ! That and some tooth decay from all the sweets . Oh , and the sugar highs that people will be on , and the none stop threat of impending sleep from said sugar highs . 
is glad to have tomarrow off . Nothing beats a day off . Then it'll be back into the fray on wednesday . 
Just picked up an item called Old Spice on Demon Souls . Lmao . 
Is counting the hours down till this evening . 
is hoping for a good thing to happen this weekend . ONLY one more day till Saturday . 
I really don't know anymore . If you tried to help someone and they failed , is there a point in trying to help them again ? If that person is blind to it , is it worth the effort ? 
Is searching the Deathclaw Sanctuary with Fawkes as my back up . 
Is sad that < PROPFEMALE > can't come over tomarrow , but there's always Sunday . 
Had a blast LARPing it up with the group . Now if we could get more people , and a field or wooded area large enough for group fights , that'd be great . Plus < PROPFIRST > has given me an idea for a new weapon . 
Is gonna play Fallout 3 till anger is gone . 
loves watching the Muppets . Nothing better than a pig and frog argueing . Hahaha 
hates Rube Goldberg , curse you for coming up with excentric yet fun ways to do stuff . 
Bone - Made of actual bone . Honestly . What kind of bone ? All that we know is that a hairy fellow in rags comes to our warehouse after midnight with a burlap sack filled with bones . We don't ask questions . \ 
Hematite - Deep red numbering on shiny , actual Hematite cast dice . Hematite is also referred to as Alaskan Black < PROPFEMALE > . The stuff dwarves would mine if dwarves were Alaskan . Which they are not . 
Wants the weather to get cold . Cold enough for snow to fall , and snowballs to be hurled . 
LARP ! Its LARP-Tastic ! Nothing better than to make someone into the Black Knight . I'll knaw off your leg ! 
Is gonna work on the Cross Spear soon , along with Tower Shield to counterpart it . Perhaps a Trident would make a good secondary weapon . 
tired . Now I just need to get that money for pizza ... 
Ironic how the brat the made fun of me , and my girlfriend now needs my help in math . Thank you Irony , I knew there was a reason to keep you as a friend . 
Grounded . 
What a fool was I to think that it would last at all . \ 
Only to fall down to the greatest dark fall . \ 
In the end , I am alone , and destined to be so till the end . 
Is going to sleep . At least the nightmare of life can't get me there . Memories are alls that's left in this world . 
I just want to yell , I want to end it all . If anyone bugs me today I'll go crazy on them . 
Yay , break is here . Just wish it'd started on a better note , didn't have so many projects , and that it would all go back to the good memories ... 
Finally downloaded HMV Hell Reach . :P Suckers ! 
can't find my Good Character Save Data on Fallout 3 . Yet my Evil Character is appearing just fine . Maybe my evil killed the good ... 
I feel lonely . 
wants to sleep in more , and spend less time driving to pointless places . 
might be going to work with dad . Why ? Because , an architect firm that works with them has a series of skyscrapers , cranes , and working train set , ALL MADE OF LEGOS . Totally worth it . 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Potter tomarrow . Hopefully it'll be good , maybe it'll cheer me up . 
I really got to listen to less depressing music . It just keeps bringing up bad memories ... 
so bored . So alone . Wonder if they go hand in hand ... 
Going to see < PROPMALE > potter . 
is bored , but < PROPMALE > Potter was good . 
misses his Everything . 
It's made of mahagony .... MAHAGONY . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , don't choke on a turkey bone 
been a good day . Now to finish looking for a new computer , and some game time . 
IF ANYONE CAN CONTACT ZACH < PROPFIRST > , PLEASE TELL HIM TO CHECK HIS EMAIL . I need him to send me his part of Carden's Project . 
Just woke up , must have been really tired last night ... Can't really remember . Anything from yesterday night , just sleep ... 
Is about 2/3rds done with his project 
Are you a yoshi ?.. \ 
Yes , I'm a green freaking dinosaur . 
Is wondering why he isn't asleep still .... 
Just bought some more FF XIII music . Lovely melodies .... 
Go < PROPFEMALE > Tech ! 
Home from church , rather empty overall , but at least I got tonight . 
Home . Now to work on my project with some nice FF XIII music in the background .... 
Physics project is done ! 
School + Tomarrow = _________\ 
Give me your answer . 
Well there goes Freedom of break ... Hello dictatorship of school , no we didn't miss you . 
Had a adequate day back . Just glad I remembered my locker combination . 
Blah .... 
:/ 
I really should keep better track of which eps I'm apart of .... 
What a drag ... 
Now to finish the lit homework , youth choir went well I suppose . 
Finished lit homework Now to relax wkth some Sigrogana Legrnds . 
Take me back\ 
For I seek renewal\ 
To the beginning\ 
Now long gone\ 
To those happy days\ 
Oh halcyon days\ 
Kindred spirit\ 
To your loving embrace\ 
To the innocence\ 
To when it was whole 
Rather tired , but the new My Chemical Romance music videos are great . Thank you Fuse . 
Thank goodness it's friday . Now if only I didn't have homework .... 
I need some ideas for cheering up , come on guys cheer up the Asian . Bad ideas will be deleted . 
Oblivion , nothing like killing whole villages then reloading a save file to make you feel slightly better 
Looks on the bright side , I have a possible senior trip next year , a < PROPMALE > to find new things , more time for what really matters , less stress on stuff that doesn't , and a future in what I love to do hoepfully .... Ok screw it , pep talks don't work at all . 
Take me home\ 
From the long road\ 
Who's path I've followed\ 
Since days of old\ 
Take me there\ 
Where the battles cry\ 
To the bloodstained fields\ 
All over the world\ 
Take me here\ 
Where the twilight shines brightly\ 
And the fires shine oh so brightly\ 
Into the darkness of the night\ 
Take me away\ 
To worlds of old\ 
Where the tales grow so bold\ 
Take me there 
Oh no oh no how did this get here I am not good with internet ! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Bechtel 
Can't stop listening to this amazing song . I love music that comes from games and is then turned into rock . 
Open invite to tonights Youth Program at my church . Its at 6:30 Tonight , and the location is : 4096 East Cherokee Drive - Canton , GA 30115 . 
Gotta say that the youth program was amazing . Anyone who missed it , missed put big time . 
Got to say , the songs that katethegreat remade are great . They're really worth listening to , expectially Your Not Alone , and < PROPFEMALE > of May ... 
Good Night , and Good Riddence . 
Well today was unusual . 
So anyone else know a good way to gain exp in just about any game ? I need ideas to quickly level up , a Summoner Bard would be interesting . 
So the scars of yesterday show through into today , I wonder if tomarrow will bring more . 
Can't wait till friday 
Loves using my mom's Bose iPod home to listen to my music . The glories of staying home alone . 
My dog is officially part Meerkat . She runs like them , keeps watch like them , luckily she doesn't dig like them . 
So dang tired of all this . 
Might as well join in on the number game . Send me a number , and I'll give you my opinion of you . 
#9543 . 62 - Your odd , but who isnt ? You show your self well , and seem to always make some kind of joke . Its always been an unusual , yet funny time around you . 
#3 - Your funny , and seem to know what to say , and when to say it . You've helped me through some rough times , wether by keeping my spirits high or through advice . Your probally one of the most unusual people I know , which is a good thing . I've got to say that you and your siblings make life a whole lot brighter . 
#42042 - You are by far , one of my favorite gaming buddies . Your < PROPFEMALE > Parties are a blast , whether its the games , or everyone rocking out to good music . Your all around unique , just like everyone else I associate myself with . You have by far the most wide selection of music out of any of my friends . 
#13 - Your odd , maybe it's because your so joyfull all the time , but being odd is a great thing . We've seen some wierd times these past few years , and most of them are unusual to begin with . You are by far one of the most peppy , crazy , whimsical people I know . Just like I'm one of the more pessemistic person you know . 
#16789 - Your crazy , spontaneous , and frankly loco ! Your a small energy ball , waiting to go off ! But you make my life way more interesting , and somewhat more crazy . 
#23 - You are by far the most crazy , insane , preposterous individual I know , and through it all , I at least know you got my back . Your a great gamer , and your methods of fighting in most of those games , completely goes against my method . 
Can't wait till trip tomarrow . It beats homework and classes . 
#3 . 14159265358979323 - You are one of my closest comrades , who I would take into combat with . If I had only a party of 4 , you'd be one of them . Your a great guy , and one of the easiest to spot in a crowd . You always seem to say whats on your mind , and thats a great thing . Your a great gamer , and one of my closest comrades at school . 
Field trip ! Woot ! 
Well I'm tired , but still got a lot of study guides to finish . 
#2017 - Well , your just a < PROPMALE > odd . You really don't put anything up at the lunch table that's useful , or nontrollish . But your a good guy I suppose . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Lopez for comic relief . Nothing beats < PROPFEMALE > Ale and comedy . 
Loves being home . Funny how I managed to pass < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > after getting my pizza . 
I just got Predators ! And a 18.5 in TV for my room ! 
wants to make an RP site , only problem , getting people interested in it . Although , due to my current ideas , it would make a pretty good one . 
Spent today working on flooring . It's not as hard as it sounds . 
Just killed a Jammer < PROPFEMALE > , it was worth the half hour of fighting along side 3 other players . It's a shame that one of them was eaten . 
Just watched Inception . Great movie . Sometimes you just gotta think bigger . 
Baking cookies . Yum ! Love cookie dough . 
what I got for Christmas : XKCD Volume 0 , Mini WMDs book , Time Traveler's Guide , Speaker Shirt , GT Tobagin , Think Geek Ant Farm , iTunes gift card , PS3 Controller , TV , Coffee Mug , iPod case , mini Nightmare Before Christmas figure , NBC Pen , Daily Bible Reading booklet , and an Ereader . Great Christmas ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Can't wait to watch the Doctor Who Christmas Special on BBC . 
is gonna need to start restuding for Physics and History . Any volunteers that wont to help ? 
A-Team and Predators equal a great movie marathon . 
Got my new computer , now I need to install it , and move my stuff over to it . It's gonna be a long evening/night . 
Got my wifi working on my new PC . Thanks Southpaw 
Wore my new Speaker Shirt in public . Play lazer tag with it on makes for some funny moments . Expectially since there were like 10 little 7 year olds running around amoungst us . Pure Chaos . 
Time to break out those few remaining fireworks , time to stay up later , and then get back in the system for school . Plus thiers physics to study . 
spent my last day of freedom , studying . This can't be a healthy sign . 
is thoroughly ticked . But < PROPMALE > Python makes it better . 
Spice lots of spice . Got to love war on Spore 
Went from 21 Solar systems to 46 Solar Systems . Who wants to guess how many were hostily taken over/blown up ? 
Everyone that plays FlyFF mind helping me out ? I'm only lvl 22 , with really crappy equipment , I need to lvl up fast . 
What happens when you mix Spore , Final Fantasy , and Portal ? Any guessers ? 
Apparently we might lose power , better get some generators , otherwise no power if it does go out . Sounds like fun . 
Loves snow , only down side , I can't get my new game today >.< I want that game so badly . 
Nothing like FFVII to pass the time 
anyone else in Mrs. Carden's class having trouble with the story book project ? 
has the story done , now comes the illustrations . Anyone mind drawing people for me ? Cause I can only draw stick figures . 
Leaves from the vine \ 
Falling so slow \ 
Like fragile , and < PROPFEMALE > shells \ 
Drifting in the foam \ 
Little soldier boy \ 
Come marching home \ 
Brave soldier boy \ 
Comes marching home \ 
Got to love Avatar 
Peace is but a shadow of death , desperate to forget its painful past ... Though we hope for promising years . After shedding a thousand tears , yesterday's sorrow constantly nears . And while the < PROPFEMALE > still shines blue , by < PROPFEMALE > , it will be turn to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Drove up to Canton to pick up Kingdom Hearts ReCoded , only to find out that the shipment couldn't be delieved due to the snow . THANK YOU snow , you wasted my time once more . 
Made a large fort on MineCraft , thinking about buying the full version 
Anyone on multiplayer with an IP ? 
Is playing MineCraft , and started with a large open lava field , and a waterfall just up hill from it . Life is good . 
Got lost in the Nether . Crap . Looks like I'm gonna go look for my portal . 
finally got his copy of KH ReCoded . Its a blast of fun , now to let my DS recharge , and to work on homework . 
Krillen : Ok Goku , I need to get you to the Guru's . He can touch you and pull stuff out of you that you never knew you had . \ 
Goku : I need an adult ...? \ 
Krillen : I am an adult . \ 
Thank you Team Four < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you for the laughes . 
\I sunk their battleships ... And their whales . \ " \ 
Well todays gonna be boring . Might as well start some fires and maybe a riot . 
Anyone know who mrs. < PROPMALE > was from farewell to arms ? I cant find her , and thats the last person i need to find . 
Well most of my continent is now lit ablaze on MineCraft . Oh well , it was worth getting 6+ buckets of surface lava . 
is on the deep tunnel exploration . Currently found : 100+ coal , 75+ iron ore , 25 lapis lazuls , 12+ red rock deposits . 
Died 3 time while working in the dark tunnels . Dang lava , too much of it , but no water with me to deal with it . 
Just installed a Oblivion Texture pack for Minecraft . I feels the love . 
Just converted some videos into mp3 format , then put them on my iPod . Now I got HMV 1-2 , and Reach as music . Plus the videos . 
Working on his home . Soon it will be 3 stories tall , with a library , and bakery . Next job is to assimilate a running water source into it . Also this is Minecraft , not really life . >.>' 
If you play Minecraft , you need to goto the forums , and join : Pixel Ville , it's an pretty cool multiplayer server . I highly suggest it . 
Finished my home , only problem . Griefers . They keep ferrying bits and pieces of it . BanHammer time . 
Carden = Worst Teacher Ever . 
Just realized that he forgot to add the Oblivion song to his T-shirt ..... 
The heartstings have been strung , for too long they've < PROPFIRST > . For tomarrow brings the realization that what was , is no more . Yet in the end , we'd be lost , for there is nothing left in this heart . 
Winter Spring\ 
Summer Fall\ 
Four Seasons\ 
For loves\ 
For love 
I hate hackers . They ruin MineCraft for me . I lost 6 gold , 64+ Iron , 4 Diamonds , half my < PROPMALE > , a large portion of the dungeon I was making , 4 saddles , and some other goodies . Its so lovely , it tops off a terrible day . 
Just downloaded 3 texture packs . \ 
1 . Kingdom Hearts\ 
2 . FF < PROPFEMALE > \ 
3 . Oblivion\ 
The FF < PROPFEMALE > one makes the game seem more like a 3-d verison of Final Fantasy 6 . Totally worth it . 
Anyone know if the Carden paper has to be a 2 < PROPFEMALE > minimum , or is it 2 < PROPFEMALE > s exactly ? 
Impact weekend is at my home this year . Should be interesting , but fun since we've figured out how to set everything up . 
just moved my ps3 and cable box to my room . Gonna be fun . 
Wisdom teeth , fun . Tomarrow is gonna blow . 
Wisdom teeth in less than an hour . Ready to roll out ! 
I am a hologram . 
so bored .... 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by Space Dingos . Space Dingos are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
Is it me or are the voices acting up again ? 
Well one sticht is out , and the other is still tightly in there .... HEAL already !.... Wheres a white mage when you need one .... 
Love the new RPG Texture pack I found , it reminds me of the good old days .... 
So bored .... But managed to get part of the Great Gatsby questions done . Sorta victory ? 
No more swelling or stitches !!! I can finally eat solid foods again ! T.T 
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy movie time . Don't panic . 
Just found a band that plays Final Fantasy music .... On the Ocarina ! 
I want a pet fox now . Maybe a few , at least 1 . Maybe a wolf too .... Curse you Russia for having all the cool pets ! 
Ocarinas can make a song sound so much better . 
Village of Dali relaxes my oh so well . If only it had some vocals in it .... 
Something to Protect , it makes me want to go Dragoon ... I need LARP soon , or I'm gonna get < PROPMALE > . Great song though , makes my fighter side want to come out . 
Still needs to finalize the Dragoon/Dark Dragoon Class before proposing it before the others . I also need to make its opposite , and others to fit with the other archtypes . Either way , I'll have to think of 18 classes for it all . 
Cleaning basement for Impact Weekend . It's gonna be a blast . Or it should . >.> Just hope I can get someone to bring a controller for the PS3 , and some Guitar Hero gear for the Wii . Otherwise , its gonna be a whole lot of brawl . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well ... Be a good sport and play along . 
I'm thinking of going to Club 491 next Friday , from what Criqui has been telling me , it sounds fun . Of course , I can't stay out late , got to get ready for the SAT the next morning . 
Off to church , then it's back into the system . 
is it me , or are sequels to games becoming more and more waste ? Dragon Age II looks good as a mmorpg , but the graphics look aweful . FF XIII-2 looks interesting , but the storyline doesn't seem to fit . Need I keep adding to the list ? 
Blarg 
Its 600 < PROPMALE > to Chicago , we got a full tank of gas , its dark , and we're wearing sunglasses .... Hit it . 
I wish you out , out the west trail\ 
< PROPFEMALE > no kaori sae wakaranai\ 
< PROPFEMALE > no shigusa sae wakaranai\ 
subete no kioku wo kakikesare\ 
ikiteku imi sae wakaranai\ 
ikinuku imi sae wakaranai\ 
omoeba dare ni aisareta\ 
sugite yuku kisetsu no naka de\ 
megurimeku toki no negare ni\ 
subete wo somarete shimatte\ 
< PROPFEMALE > no moto e tadoritsuku 
Nothing like KISS and AC/DC to get the mind going while doing those physics test for Webbs class . Thank you comcast music channels . 
\Go to your profile . The first five friends on your sidebar are your team for the impending zombie apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ " \ 
I've made a motor .... Now for a thermo-nuclear generator is all I have left to make . 
MOMOCON !!!!!!!! 
Best convention ever . MoMo Con thank you for the crazy cosplayers , and the great stuff . 
Everyone who's coming to my house for Impact Weekend , you might want to bring a flashlight for any night activities . Not necessary , just a suggestion . 
Goto your profile , and list the first 5 people that appear on your friends list . Then post to your status , and keep it going . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Regitshnig - Give her a rocket launcher , and hide . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Panik - Get her mad at the zombies , and watch the rage . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Tims - Give her a working wand , and watch the magic . \ 
< PROPMALE > Cresap - Guns ? More guns ? \ 
Trace Sosebee - Terrain Armor and gun . All thats needed . 
Final Fantasy music makes practice quizes more bareable . 
All who play minecraft , try this seed : gargamel 
Ok , anyone whos good with computers , I need help setting up a mine craft server . S.O.S. It's gonna give me a tumor at this rate 
Impact weekend was a blast ... 6 Nuclear Zombies ! 
is considering adding weights to his arms and legs for exercise .... Hahaha , asian exercising what a joke . 
Has that one feeling that I hope isn't real . Not again , I don't want it . It's just gonna drag me back down . 
Wants it to be the weekend . Or perhaps wednesday . Can't wait to hear about Scientology at Youth Discussion on wednesday . Mwhahaha 
is tired . So very tired . 
I is the confused . 
I just want everything to just slow down ... I want these things to end , especially that one old hurting feeling . 
We say its all fine\ 
Yet our eyes tell the truth\ 
That all around us is crumbling\ 
Falling down into ruin\ 
Yet theres nothing we do to stop it\ 
We just watch it all happen\ 
Is it cause we're weak ? \ 
Tired ? \ 
Worn out ? \ 
Or is cause\ 
We know that we can't stop it ? 
Well this bites . 
Why is it that when we try our hardest to leave behind something , it just seems to come back , even stronger than before ? 
It feels like everything is drowning me out . It feels like I'm drowning , not physically but emotionally . Everything is going down hill , right off a < PROPMALE > and into a ravine . 
Rain ... Thank you for making it possible for me to skip mowing the lawn . 
I'll walk this blood stained path with my spear held high . I'll walk the path of the Dragoon proudly . 
How is it the one time I'm actually on , the person I want to chat with isn't ? Oh well ... 
So what can cause my sister and mom to argue in public , while my dad and myself sit there watching ? Or the fact that I couldn't just walk out of the room ? \ 
Answer : Sunday Lunch . 
Perhaps its the melancholy of life hitting me , but I just realized that Spring Break is coming , and I'll be 18 when it hits . Dang it . 
Final Fantasy 1 has a funny reference to < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you Elf town for the gravestone marked : Here lies Link 
Feels like a failure and a coward for not doing that one thing today . At least I'm done with < PROPMALE > projects for now . 
Well night all . Maybe I'll get the courage to do what I couldn't do today . Or at least try to . Who knows ... 
Confusion 
Nothing like pondering life . Or math . Or Creepers . 
Today was ... Always at best . Rather disappointing , but not terribly bad I suppose . 
Go on alone \ 
Because I won't follow \ 
But this isn't giving up \ 
No , this is letting go 
Murksha ! Filthy stinking murksha ! 
Is considering getting some Miyazaki films for his birthday . Nothing like some good classic movies for a gift . 
Maybe it's just time to pack up , and walk away . Why go back to a place that's nothing but torture to the mental/soul/physical self . Murksha . 
\The best way to make money is to start your own religion . \ " \ 
Love the fact that Wolves are now part of Minecraft .... Now I just need to tame and find one . 
wants to go for a run . A nice long run ... 
Night world . So long and goodbye . 
Ever wonder who it is that one really cares about ? It seems like with the continuous shuffle of life , I can never figure out who is coming into it and who is leaving it for good . Maybe it's time to give up , and let go of it all . 
Nothing like working outside , raking up sticks and mowing the lawn . And tonight homework , and working on MineCraft . 
Anyone know how to install Mods on MineCraft ? I want to install an inventory editor , NecroCraft , and some other mods . 
Love blowing up old mine tunnels to make caverns . Thank you inventory editor 
Well today was great . Now I just need to focus my mind for ABRs and some good old CoD . Just can't wait for some time to relax . 
How dark poetry cures the spirit , and lifts these old chains from the heart . 
So lunch was just like last week . Just great .... 
Has created a large crater , why ? To make a sandstone city in it , now I just need to find a good npc mod . 
I really should relax more often . 
Anyone who wants to help set up a large private multiplayer server for Minecraft reply here . I'm trying to set up a group to build some cities like Ten Towns , Luskan , Deepwaters , and some others like them . 
