is planning on going on a cruise the summer !!! let me know if you want to come !!! 

Is sad I never got to see all the lights on < PROPFEMALE > square I heard they were amazing :( 
Some of the choicest blessings of my life have been the close friendships I have experienced over the years . Often , these friendships have been forged in the fires of shared experience . 
loves koalas . They're so adorable ! Muah to my koala friends ! 
got a gun pulled on him last night 
One good yardstick as to whether a person might be the right one for you is this : in her presence , do you think your noblest thoughts , do you aspire to your finest deeds , do you wish you were better than you are ? 
is tired of trying to enroll for school because he forgot his password 
IS SHUTTING OFF EVERYTHING AND NEEDS SPACE FROM EVERYONE TILL THIS STATUS CHANGES PLEASE RESPECT THAT AND GOOD BYE 
“We cannot change our past . We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way . We can not change the inevitable . The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have , and that is our attitude . ” 
doesnt like it when people back out of plans 
is gettting ready for the < PROPFEMALE > to take a name all the way through today 
is tired of broken promises 
enjoyed seeing everyone at church today 
is engaged ....................... in a good cause !! lol do you really think i meant marraige wise ?! 
is having the best day so far 
loves his little sister and wants to thank her for making his day !!! 
had the worst night of life but he is now living his life and wants to reach his full potential !!!! 
is now wanting to give up on and in everything 
just got offered to go on a midnight swim 
is planning on having an amazing weekend !!!!!!! 
wants to go camping on friday 
just peed his pants 
is going nuts right now 
my phone broke and i just got a new one so every one send me a message with your phone number so i have it again please 
is going to the < PROPFEMALE > today 
had a wonderful time at dinner on an amazing date 
maybe were just trying to hard , when really its closer than it is too far !!! 
just got home I ran out of gas and had to walk like 25 < PROPFEMALE > to get gas at like 1:50 or 2:00 am and was not happy about it 
is greatful for honesty so that he can determine what to do !!!! 
is in the best mood that he has ever been in and can't contain it anymore !! I'm freaking hyper and its been along time since this last happened !!!!!!!! 
I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . 
True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends , but in their worth and value 
Treat your friends as you do your pictures , and place them in their best light . 
People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . 
In the long run , we shape our lives , and we shape ourselves . The process never ends until we die . And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility . 
what are three important qualities that you should look for in a spouse 
Whenever you're in conflict with someone , there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it . That factor is attitude . 
I don't whether its sad or funny the fact that when ever someone says they are going to do something I usually don't believe them because I don't have anyone I can completely rely on besides my Heavenly Father !! 
has realized more of whats important in life . 
IS A VERY VERY FIRM BELIEVE THAT ITS WHAT PEOPLE DO THAT DEFINES THEM AND tHE ROLE THEY PLAY IN MY LIFE 
hates waking up in the middle of the night sick to his stomache throwing up the night before a very important job interview and now he can get back to sleep 
It seems to me that trying to have fun with friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your hot chocolate . It is a whole lot of trouble , and then not worth much after you get it . 
“In everyone's life , at some time , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being . We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit . ” I am truely greatful for my supports in my life , that help me to rekindle the fire within me !!! 
The Jazz dominated tonight 120 to 93 the second best Jazz game I have ever been to seat-wise and it really pumped me up now i want to play some ball or go to the gym at least !!! lol Well it was a pretty fun night even though my date < PROPFEMALE > was like a 30 minutes late geez lol 
Live right now , just be yourself ! It doesn't matter if its good enough for someone else ! It just takes some time you're in the middle of the ride . Everything everything wil be just fine , Everything everything will be alright , alright 
Never take a person for granted hold everyone close to your heart cause you might wake up one day and realize that you've lost a < PROPFEMALE > while you were too busy collecting stones 
absolutely loves it when things go right and for both answered and unanswered prayers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love my life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sometimes wishes people could just read his mind and his heart cause explaining things and how he feels is just to hard lol I hope everyones having an amazing day , week , month , and year !!!!! 
Has decided that hes going to go take a look at puppies and maybe buy one ! 
Today has made it to the top ten best days of his life easily !!!! Lol I wonder if today could get any better ? 
Teachers come in all guises ! Look for people and situations that make you uncomfortable or angry or frustrated ! Learn what they are trying to teach you . We are truley blessed to be able to learn from our mistakes ! I absolutely love my life and the blessings i recieve from those who truly care about me !!!! Thank you all and I hope that i have made at least half of a impact of what you all made in my life !!!!! 
Judging from last night I know two things : 1 . Heavenly Father is my greatest strength and friend 2 . I have two choices to make which will greatly decide my future !! Lol I love my life even right now in its most complexities it still Amazing and wonderful !!! Under hard times ! 
I might be getting nice seats to a jazz game if everything works out lol cross my fingers !!! Ihope it all works out ;) 
Is now completely single again and no complications lol !!! Back into the dating game !! 
loves it when people talk bad me behind his back not !!!! 
Day off now what to do first < PROPFEMALE > hmmm then ice skating and then maybe ....... ahh ill just plan as i go lol 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . Change always comes bearing gifts . 
Life is good and its only getting better every day !! 
I have an interview tomorrow for primary childrens hospital 
Late nights with good friends rock !!! 
hey everyone i am giving away four tickets to a jazz game lower bowl for this saturday if your interested let me know preferably by txt or call me its first come 
Truly great friends are hard to find , difficult to leave , and impossible to forget . Thanks to all my great friends I will never forget you all and I wish you all the best with your lives and only good things forever !! I also hope your wildest dreams come true !!!! 
so now all dat i got to say is dat good bye cause ill never see any of you again !!!! 
Snowboarding and chilling in park city tomorrow for games yay 
horse back riding is amazing except when your still new at it and the horse takes off in full speed and your just holding on for dear life 
Off to go hot tubing in the middle off the night it looks like toninghts going to be one of those crazy nights again 
Im so exhausted snow boarding then games in park city and then if i wasnt already tired from lack of sleep and all that basketball man oh man i will sleep great tonight 
I love road trips out of utah i have three coming up two are for sure one for rexburg one for walla walla and the last if it happens will be arizona and new mexico 
was absolutely so excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with one of his best friends < PROPFIRST > today !!! I luv ya whit !!! 
\I've seen your world with these very eyes ! Don't come closer don't even try ! I've felt all the pain heard all the lies . But in my world there is no compromise . Like tree stands on its own reaching to the sky I stand alone ! \ " Well definitely with Heavenly Fathers help I am able to stand alone " 
\Everybody thats existing got a mind of their own . We're all kings and queens with a throne of our own . Tryin to raise a family in another big home . we got to learn to stick together hate to be here alone . Cause the world is a place that will eat you alive in one day ! \ " I love this song its so amazing :) " 
Just talking with some of my friends lol and we have came to the desicion that so far i have never had a girlfriend that has ever truely appreciated me so far i have been used , manipulated , and mistreated . haha I dont have the best luck with girls maybe i am just looking in the wrong places lol 
Is so excited to see his friend < PROPFEMALE > and her fiance tomorrow 
I am sick to my stomache and when i finally got to sleep I kept getting random texts from three people and now I cant sleep at all !! But one of my sweet friends offered to sing me to sleep over the phone lol 
I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go . Things go wrong , so that you can appreciate them when they're right , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . 
Had an amazing date with miche the on fri day and loved getting free drinks for our sweet moustaches lol and all the people staring what a night !!!! 
Is so nervous with his meeting with the stake president this wednesday not to mention I have no clue on whats it is about !!!! 
got released from one of his callings only to be put into another one lol !! 
went rockclimbing yesterday and was suprised on how well I did ! 
Since Im going to be gone for my birthday I think Im going to do something fun before I go 
It's the little moments that make life big . 
applejacks , frozen pizzas , and chocolate milk !!!!!!!!! all with wild things going on it was an amazing and weird night needless to say i had a blast !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 days left in utah gotta make them count with friends and fun lol 
on the bright side im almost completely packed and cant wait to go to philly 
two more nights left gotta make'em count 
that was a long drive to illinois I am so exhausted I have been up for pretty much 36 hours 
My FIRST philly cheese steak at the wawa im so excited to eat it lol not to mention I got my first sale aswell today on my birthday no doubt lol neddless to say it was a good day !!!! 
Movie night at Robs turns into everyone in the same room on their computers lol 
got 3 sales in in my first 5 days with 2 prospects for sales on monday 
Amazing day at church great food creation by GB and the museum grounds were great even if we did intrude on < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > s rach private picnic lol 
needs to do some fun things he is starting to nuts !!! 
tonight was pretty great funny movie and good friends the night ended a little different then I would of thought but hey you cant choose how everything ends oh well lifes great 
Had a pretty good day church was awesome , the food was great , and the after party at a girls house rocked !!! plus nerf gun war haha ya 
wants to go bowling so bad right now !!! 
Ya so we got lost tonight on the way home from a movie/campfire night then got pulled over for speeding and even though I wasnt driving i got in trouble for not having my license ....... stupid cops 
Haha I hate it when people make me want to come home ;) 
found alot of pretty old texts on my phone that made me remember old experiences good and bad 
Cuando usted está teniendo dificultades para no ol < PROPFEMALE > r nunca que nuestro Padre Ce < PROPFEMALE > stial < PROPFEMALE > dará fuerza para superar todo lo que pone en tu camino ! Tuve < PROPFEMALE > oración contestada la semana pasada y sólo he conseguido que < PROPFEMALE > respuesta < PROPFEMALE > de cuatro veces en toda mi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
long trip tommorrow 
Are you out of your freaking mind ? 
is stoked for the < PROPFEMALE > this week i want to go everyday so bad ! You know what i just might ! lol Its at least worth a try if work permits me to ! :) 
Cant wait for this weekend for some weekend fun ! 
Estoy bastante contento con mi < PROPFEMALE > y las decisiones actuales estoy haciendo pero estoy feliz por eso . 
Is excited to set some great goals and achieve them :) I love setting goals and following through to achieve them . Lol 
Maybe were just trying to hard , when maybe its closer than it is to far , cause im in too deep ! 
\You can really tell how someone feels about you and how they value you by the way you hug \"" 
Sometimes lifes just peachy 
Feels stressed and overwhelmed and cant sleep 
If all else fails go with the pink sweater you cant go wrong with a pink sweater ..... i think 
ya i had the worst massage today from a proffessional business and will never go there again but at least i got my money back !!!!! 
well camping fell through tonight so ya not cool but whatever life goes on ! note to self dont get your hopes up next time lol 
I love having heart to hearts with good friends :) < PROPMALE > your amazing and thanks for our talks i love you man but its not what you think ........... its completely ......... 
Wants to do something fun today 
just re-broke my nose isnt that just wonderful ........ im glad i have given up on getting it fixed ;) 
Moving on is one of the hardest things we will ever do in our life 
Wants to go up on the mountain and roast some marshmellows 
won 3 things at taco < PROPFEMALE > today ! Heck yes ! 
got tickets to conference and im stoked to go :) 
Sometimes wonders if i do anything right ? Cause lately i just feel like im letting alot of people down or just not being good enough 
Needs a good job 
LOVES CANADIAN THANKSGIVING ! 
Hates two faced friends ! 
I totally lock people out of kfc tonight and one worker inside and no one could unlock it lol 
Had a pretty amazing night then i had to run out of gas with a girl in the car luckily she was pretty cool about it lol 
sometimes the heart doesn't know what is wants and till it finds what it wants ! 
Tonight definitely made it to the top 5 greatest nights of my life :) And i am loving life ! Heck yes ! 
Made amazing cookies last night ! And loves bowling its amazing :) i got a 162 which i was happy aboutI 
There is almost nothing better than going swimming at night in heated outside pool ! 
The things in our life that matter most are always the things that stay ! And the things that we make a priority are the things that matter most to us ! 
Perfect end to a perfect day ! Goodnight :) 
Had an awesome time tonight at the y light play 
Stupid provo never can find anything lol definitely not a good place to live :) 
Put this as your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffersfrom being a BYU fan . Being a BYU Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for BYUF and sympathy doesnot help . But together we can raise awareness . 90% of BYU fans won't repost this because they ... don't know how ... to copy and paste ... or win a football game . GO UTES !! 
