i cant beleive how many more people use facebook then myspace now ... i guess im a little behind on the times ... 

just chillin with some chronton ... 
lets do disco do it ! ¿ ! 
arise sticky green villagers ! meeting at the fire pits today .. some of you wont be returning ... 
just got a pay raise and about to head to < PROPFIRST > park and pizza 
pretty excited to go see borgore tomorrow , and 6flags the next day 
theres some birds stuck in my vent above my stove and they wont shut up or come out . 
Fact : Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four < PROPMALE > pillars of the economy in the middle ages : heart represented the Church , spades represented the military , clubs represented agriculture , and diamonds represented the merchant class . 
jamming out to that dubstep . 
go to google and type in 2204355 and press im feeling lucky . thanks < PROPFEMALE > lol 
just bought a new itouch . 
Hey I'm typing this on my itouch while I'm at work lol 
Im going dubstepping hahaha 
Someone once told me ... Absence makes the heart grow fonder . 
just woke up from a dream where i met myself in a highschool hallway ... and we were both in handcuffs . 
what happens twice a day , but once a year ? 
all of my friends should watch the video powerthirst i just posted . 
jamming that dubstep again . WOBWOBWOB 
I will be succesful . whatever it takes . 
i hate washing dishes ... 
watching beavis and butthead . hell yea . 
man . life just threw a curve ball at me and hit me in the face . 
Can you picture what will be ? So limitless and free .... 
Close the doors put out the light , You know they won't be home tonight , The snow falls hard and don't you know , The winds of Thor are blowing cold , They're wearing steel that's bright and true , They < PROPFEMALE > news that must get through .... 
went paintballing today ... got shot in the < PROPMALE > . 
It seems like everyone is just a big phony now and days . 
Ozzy Osbourne , your the best . 
feeling pretty bleh today .. 
Never say die . 
Bored . 
i miss the old days . 
Web surfing will be the death of me ... 
I believe 9/11 was a conspiracy 
the hookah bar was pretty badass tonight . glad i got to go had some good times with the homies . 
The following sentence is false . The preceding sentence is true . Are these sentences true or false ? 
eminems new album recovery is BEAST . I love it . 
why do so many appealing video games have to be released ? i just want to go out and buy them all ... 
The truth is were all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . 
\when one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity . When many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Dawkins " 
FINALLY have a car .. 1997 black toyota avalon :D 
Seahorses . Forever . 
Do you know at this very moment you are surrounded by eternity ? And do you know that you can use that eternity if you so < PROPFEMALE > ? 
anybody know where i can throw a party to invite some 50 odd people ? 
jammin that dubstep again ... i got 2 12 inch subs now :) 
furious with a hint of boredom . 
i just want to go somewhere where nobody can follow me . but not 6 feet under . 
\Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washing dishes\ " - Eminem " 
feeling ..... lost .... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all you ass munchers and monkey spankers . 
so damn bored ... 
so miserable and bored . 
finally got my 12 inch subs hooked up . they sound AWESOME 
cant believe people are so greedy over 1 dollar ... enough to ruin someones life . 
always bored ... nobody ever wants to chill 
Ive never wished for an easier life , Only to be a stronger man . 
His brain is squirmin ' like a toad ... 
apparently shisha is much more harmful then cigarettes .. most goole sites say anywhere from 2 to 50 cigarettes equals one bowl of shisha in a hookah . 
interesting fact : the northern lights produce over 1 billion megawatts of electricity every time they appear , thats not including all the other places and times it happens . 
today fucking sucks . got a speeding ticket and almost wrecked twice on the way home :( 
Nobody gets out alive . 
pirate language on facebook is awesome .... 
The basis of reasoning is the minds awareness of itself . 
thank you everybody for the birthday wishes ... now if only the smell of beef would return to this town ... 
i love having green hair ... 
is it my eye ok ? 
about to own every season of south park :D 
finally got a gps ... now with yoda , darth vader , and ozzy voices to give me directions :D 
just bought original sega < PROPFEMALE > and nintendo systems with the legend of < PROPFEMALE > , super marios bros , sonic the hedgehog , mortal kombat , and tetris . today is a good day . 
just found out extremely depressing news .. my close friend < PROPFIRST > lopez has died ... may he rest in peace . 
DUBSTEP 
banging more dubstep ! 
i miss the burleson warehouse . 
Dubstep for Life ! 
anybody want to buy some subs ? 2 12's for cheap ... 
going to the greenbelt sunday ! 
