tired .... long fun day 

giving in to the calling of sleep as my work is done . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Had a fun weekend 
what a weekend ... 
Time to get ready for classes once again .... 
can't wait to get this day over 
schoooolll 
living the good life 
bored atm missed out on bodatious stupid economy . 
tired a little worn out 7hrs to go long day still ahead 
weekend is almost here 
hoping to have a good weekend VMP mud mogg this weekend .. 
Lots of stuff todo < PROPMALE > . Lol class , arons , and oil change .. here comes the weekend hope its a good one . 
Glad i got some real sleep , Halloween was a good one ( but i need to work on a real costume ) . 
Hope my vote is heard .. Time to study for Econ Exam .. 
watchn I Am Legend and doing Acct HW 
waiting for legal studies ( best class by far ) ... 
unsually tired .. headache .. who knows why .. ( i say tough morning & gym time ) turning in early ton .. 
dont know how i woke up so early but means i have more time in the day ... 
fruitless hunting tired 
studyying for acct exam ... rather be asleep 
wishes it would just get cold and snow enough of this cold rain ... 
a lil restless tryn to get some sleep 
wondering how im always drawn to facebook when a computer is turned on . 
thanksgiving is getting closer each day first night on the couch 
dinner then cards ( roped in i was ) 
last day of classes before break for me < PROPMALE > is gonna be a good day ( knock on wood ) 
spent the day being non productive now looking foward to sleeping in my bed again 
my gma is crazy i just had a gma moment occur loll . 
ready to crawl into bed zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz finalllssss zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .... 
burning the midnight oil for no apparent reason .. sleep escapes me 
last final < PROPMALE > time to bite the bullet and get to work ... :/ 
boreeddd ... wheres my snow .. 
< PROPMALE > put on a awesome party Blackfin is a nice place would so go again .. < PROPMALE > Runion 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz aghragh homewrk zzzzzz aggrahgah physics zzzzz 
going to sleep waking up to snow everywhere and power ??? we will see ... 
Tired as can be what ever happened to naptime .. 
watching bullrun 
Studying for hist exam < PROPMALE > . then studying again < PROPMALE > for math exam tues . 
