Happy 2010 all ! My goals for this year : Live more , worry less , Not to be so jealous of my husbands second love ( sports ) , Find myself a hobby ( one that does not include laundry , dishes , or sleeping ) , and of course to try to have just a little more sympathy when someone calls to complain that either their neighbor is a ) throwing their shoveled snow onto their yard or b ) that they are mowing the grass on their property . 

Today I am going to party like its 2050 . In other words , I am going to drink my coffee , yell at neighbor kids to get out of my yard , forget where I put that damn remote and search the house frantically for it without avail ( I will never admit that it was in my hand the whole time ) , and fall asleep watching the weather channel . Yep . Today is gonna be awesome ! 
is wicked tired . Have I said before I hate the last 12hr stretch of the 36hr weekend ? No ? OK , well , I just did . Wow ... That came across really crabby . You know what ? Today I am owning my crabbiness .... and apparently talking to myself too . 
is looking forward to Logans game tonight . He did awesome at first last time around and < PROPMALE > has been working on his swing . I can't wait to cheer my booty off ! 
is hoping to have enough energy to get my three < PROPMALE > in tonight after a 12hr shift . Sorry Babalicious , but you aren't getting me anywhere near that stairmaster tonight . Strictly eliptical . I am graciously giving up my stairmaster time to you . Just cu 
ok , so i skipped the workout ... but i was tired , so whatever . I'm trying to talk myself out of a self induced guilt trip . It's not working .... man , I should have worked out . 
has to go workout today or Babs will come get me ! 
has never been so happy to be home and cleanng before in my life . 
is off to the comic book store and out to dinner with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for fathers day . 
happy fathers day to all those wonderful fathers out there ! hope your day is great !! 
is thinking that if I am crazy , the rest of the world must be criminally insane . Yeah , you know who you are .... 
says its never a good thing when you get out of work at 630am and the thermometer reads 80 already . felt like i was swimming to my car . well , good thing i'll be sleeping in nice cool a/c .... thank god for technology . 
Curiosity killed the cat , but for a while I was a suspect . 
If there are no stupid questions , then what kind of questions do stupid people ask ? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions ? 
is back to work tonight . 2 more 12 hr nights before my weekend of fun . 
had an awesome time at summerfest last night . The Roots put on a fantastic show , but the people watching was even more entertaining . There are some different people out there ..... and God bless each and everyone one of them ; for the make me feel soooo mu 
is finally sore from all that walking from summerfest . Funny , I can run 2 or 3 < PROPMALE > and not be sore at all , but walking the same distance makes my calves feel like someones ripping them out of my skin . OUCH ! 
back to work bright and early this moring . Suprisingly I am not tired . Man , maybe going to sleep at 8pm is the key . I'm old . Bring me my Jitterbug and Rascal . I got places to roll and huge buttons to push . 
is NOT working out tonight . Sorry , Babalicious . Did 3 < PROPMALE > last night and my body is protesting every move I make . Plus , I'm feeling lazy today , so there you go . 
is busy doing laundry and cleaning . Well , I am seriously thinking about getting busy doing laundry and cleaning . I just really want to put my headphones on and listen to music , but alas , a womans work is never done . Sigh ........ 
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult . 
waiting for my coffee to brew and thinking about working only an eight hour day today ! It's gonna be a good day . 
got my new dress today ! Can't wait to wear it out . So , Matt .... Where you taking me ? 
had a great weekend with my hubby , but miss my boy to death . Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to get back on sunday . Till then , lots of cleaning and working out . 
sigh .... bored . I miss my boy 
so , i have the whole day to myself .... everything is clean , nothing good on tv . what do i do ? 
just gave a pint of o neg in the name of belvidere police department . Yay , blood ! 
ahhhhhhhhh ! i miss my boy ! 
you know whats sad ? < PROPMALE > and I just sang the wonderpets song . You know whats worse ? Our child isn't even here right now . You know whats even worse than that ? < PROPFIRST > hasn't even watched that stupid show in a long long time . Being a parent makes you tu 
i do believe i will be going to borders today . Thats is , after I finish my bowl of knock-off coco puffs 
never did go to borders , but its all good . I got to have my neice stay last night instead . It was nice to have a child in the house again . Its been way to quiet with < PROPFIRST > gone . Cant wait for Sunday at 1845hrs . His flight comes in and he will be home 
is off to milwaukee international airport to pick up my boy . YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
back on nights tonight . Cant wait to see my girls and have some fun . I have the best partners ! 
back awake and cleaning . yay 
Logans last baseball game is tonight . Bittersweet for sure . He has had such a great time playing and has improved so much over the last couple months . However , he is looking forward to starting karate next .... 
so , found out logans game was cancelled about 30 < PROPFEMALE > before his game . Needless to say , we were all just a little disappointed 
eight hour day , maybe a quick 3am workout , then back home to sleep a few hours with my love ... I miss you < PROPMALE > ! 
can't wait for vacation 
Just want to sleep 
slept for 12hrs and i feel fantastic . Its amazing what sleep can do for you 
2 more 12 hr nights at work , then vacation officially begins . 
ugh ... damn you sausage .... 
come on friday 7am ... vacation begins . 
hey , did anyone know its my VACATION ???? No public service until August 11th . Thats right ! So don't ask me to do any public service related task . OK , if you reallllly need something , let me know , but it better be really , really important . 
oh target . you are the devils playground . went in there for a swimsuit , came out with a lot more than that . Then I was scolded by my hubby . Sigh 
a quick cup of coffee , finish packing , then off to the dells we go ! 
lazy day . tomorrow , we scout comic-con with < PROPFIRST > 
is hoping that < PROPMALE > strangley can sign my graveyard girl poster today , and possibly meet < PROPMALE > hudson ... billie < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is toooooo expensive . Now I love me some Lando , but not for $45 bucks . 
back home ... tired 
.......... 
Question : Whats \crazier\ " ? Embracing and laughing at your own craziness or pretending that your craziness doesn't exist ? Hmmmmm .... I perfer the former . " 
oh , crisp < PROPFIRST > cruch ... you are mucho delicioso . So , I can't spell in spanish , < PROPFEMALE > me . Generic cereal is the best . 
is sitting in front of the computer trying to wake up so i can get my booty to work . So very tired . Craving coffee .... I feel like a zombie , but instead of needing brains to surivive , I need lots and lots of caffine . And BTW , I just want to give a big KUDOS to those patrons of the Boone County Fair last night . No lost children . Way to go , parents , for doing your job . 
happy anniversary < PROPMALE > ! I love you ! 
got < PROPFIRST > registered for school . He is such the social butterfly . He had all the kids running around the tables . It was funny . Just a bunch of kids running red-faced and giggling . Oh , to be young again ! 
is bummed that \Commissioner Nestor\ " will be gone most of the day today . Today is draft day at Buffalo Wild Wings . Just myself and my boy for the most part today . " 
is back on nights tonight . I'm tingling with anticipation to find out what the citizens of Boone have in store for the three of us tonight . Hmmm ... I'm a little too excited to pull the overnight 12hr shift . Maybe its just the massive amount of coffee thats making me tingle . Man , I love coffee ..... 
time to make the boy some breakfast , then attempt to get a few hours of sleep beforfe the next go-round of work . 
had interesting dreams . I think I watch too much MSNBC and A&E ..... 
I just want to thank my mother and sister for making me bring home the fish they had won at the fair . Yeah , he's dead . < PROPFIRST > was not a happy camper . We had a little memorial service before < PROPFIRST > flushed him . Honestly , it was sort of funny . It's moments like these he will hold against me later in life . One day he will find out that flushing a fish down the toilet is not the way to fishy heaven . Sigh ..... 
is caught up on sleep . Thank you , tylenol pm . You have once again saved the day .. or night . whatever 
is going back to sleep . as soon as the boy gets picked up , it's back to strange-dreamland for me . Work tonight , yay 
is almost positive that my sense of humor is somewhat askew . I thought I was quirky , but apparently I may be a bit offensive . I'm not sure I am appologetic . 
is going to attempt to sleep a few hours ( if < PROPFIRST > permits ) . I'm also grateful to the , well , lets call them nonsensical folks out there who keep me in business . Thank you for the job security . 
is tired . 
I cant believe my boy will be in 1st grade this year . Amazing how time flies . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > pull the wings of a dead bug . hmmmm 
< PROPFIRST > off to school . Off to an ok start . He was completely lost after getting into the wrong class line . We got it all worked out , got him to his class , and sat him in his assigned seat next to the daughter of a friend from high school that I hadn't seen in a few years . Small world . 
first full day of school for < PROPFIRST > . I get 8hrs to myself . Bittersweet . 
ok , so i wasted the day away . I slept . I could have cleaned , I could have read , or written something , but I slept . I feel ashamed and guilty now . Sigh . 
feels like I am in Bizarro World . Picked < PROPFIRST > up from school ( where he had NO time outs ) , he offered to help me do the dishes , AND cleaned his room/made his bed without a 30 < PROPFEMALE > debate on why it is pointless to clean it since he will only mess it back up next time he plays . Strange ... 
this weather is making me habitually tired . I am going to attempt to do something productive , but don't count on it . 
another no time out day at school . Its an early christmas miracle . However , the teacher did realize today that < PROPFIRST > is \very talkative . \ " DUH " 
the boys are taking me to the apple orchard and the < PROPMALE > museum today for an early birthday gift . My boys are too good to me . 
What do you mean , \My birth certificate expired ? \"" 
thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! I feel grateful to have such great family and friends . My girlies at work ..... you are the best partners EVER !!!! Thanks for everything . 
feels like I slept for 20 < PROPFEMALE > . 
doesnt know why I take quizzes on this site . Murderer , insecure , despair .... man , either there is something seriously wrong with me , or these quizzes are meant to make you feel like a freak . I need to find a hobby . Maybe something outside . Away from this flippin computer .. lol 
thinks adrenaline rushes are fantastic . God , I love my job . Catch 22 , though . Good day for me means not so good day for someone else . 
is looking forward to making waffles for my girls tomorrow at work . Yay , waffles ! 
is here ..... watching the cat throw up . Fantastic . 
You're so vain . You probably think this facebook status is about you .... heheheh 
had a dream i was playing the game hungry hungy hippos . Completely irrelevant to anything at all , but I thought I'd share . 
just spilled coffee on my dress uniform . 1st time wearing the stinking thing and i spill coffee on it . i think its a sign . Dress browns = bad idea . Well , at least it kind of blends in . Babs , don't make fun of me today . My pants are way too big and it looks like I have a load in them . I immediately regret this decision . Sorry girls ! 
thanks for the reminders 
just bought The Office season 5 . Now I have something new to fall asleep to ! Yay !! 
seriously thinks my dog has issues . Great dog ... Loyal , loving ... Just a little bit special . I thought Mountain Feists were supposed to be smart . Guess thats why we got him for free . 
back to nights . Picked up to OT for this week . Sweeeeeet overtime . Gotta love it . 
is happy !!!! 
is STILL happy !!!! Can you believe it ? Two days in a row ! Had a fantastic night at work yesterday ( missed my babs tho ) . Stepped on the scale where I found out I lost 3lbs , AND I get to work with my girls again tonight !!! Its a wonderful life . Love you , < PROPMALE > ! 
ugh ... i ate some generic cereal , walked to get the kids , and got sick . now I feel like crap . this better not be the flu . stupid flu shot . 
would like to thank my lovely husband for the sinus infection . heheh . I love you baby ! 
cares .... but just not THAT much ... 
is getting the boy ready for school . The dog knows its almost time for the walk to school and its driving him crazy . He's like a little kid on christmas morning .... And , honestly , its just way too early for this kind of excitement .... 
is happy < PROPMALE > got his camera today ! There are no adequate words in the english language to describe how I feel when my boys are happy !!! 
thinks first grade sucks . I feel so bad for < PROPFIRST > . The poor kid is bored out of his mind . The teacher is fully aware of this , yet won't give him harder work until they get thru the \re-introduction period\ " . Whatever that means . " 
The more I try to calm myself down , the more infuriated I get . I wonder if anyone else has this issue . 
every time I try to talk today , it comes out as a yell . I think I'm either going deaf , or I have some sort of neurological disorder . 
Today is the kind of day I want to stay in bed under my warm comforter , cuddled up with my man . I loves these kinds of days . 
is realizing that < PROPFIRST > gets more and more like me everyday . Not always a good thing , but I couldn't ask for a better kid . That kid is awesome ... :-) 
had a great time playing with the kids on the playground after school today . I am beat . Those kids wore me out . I don't think I have EVER had that much energy . 
is friggin tired . Why can't there be 29hrs in the day ? What I wouldn't do for just a few more hours of sleep . Its gonna be a long , long night for sure . 
big day . Picking the kids up from school , going to see Cloudy With A < PROPMALE > of Meatballs in 3-d , then going back to work . 
woohoo ... a day off ! 
Why is it that even on my day off , work infiltrates my day ... and subsequently ruins it . Oh , petty people and their rumors ..... LOL 
< PROPMALE > is sick again ... poor baby . I feel so bad for him . 
my house is destroyed from lack of cleaning since I've been on nights . Guess I will know what I will be doing today . 
thinks I have anger issues . Not the smashing holes in walls kind , but the internal rage that causes peptic ulcer kind . I think I should work on that . 
will be slowly sipping my coffee and preparing myself for the day . no rushing in this morning . Gonna be taking my sweet time getting in today ... 645am on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates going to the gas station . I always put it off till the next day , and when tomorrow comes , I absolutely regret not going the day before . Will I ever learn ? Probably not . Oh well ... Off to the gas station and to work I go . 
waffle sunday ... heck yeah ! take that haters ! 
has a much needed week off work . I promised myself I will go out and have fun this week . However , there is just too much to do here and < PROPMALE > is still sick . Dang it , no ! I have to go out . Someone come drag me out of the house . Not today , tho .. Too much to do . Maybe tomorrow .. 
loves days like this . Rain makes me happy . However , the impending possiblility of snow on Monday makes me not so happy . 
things went well last night at parent teacher conferences . No bond money needed . Still have my $114 in the < PROPFEMALE > . I'm looking forward to a lazy day . 
is going to make browines before I start cleaning . < PROPMALE > had a craving last night for some , so today I will make him a treat ... and I am positive that today he wont want them ... lol 
made the best browines EVER !!!!! Ok , maybe they are just mediocre , but I don't make them often . So , they are the best browines I have EVER made . 
is hoping that some of her FANTASTIC friends will feel benevolent and help us with our roof ..... please , I'm begging . I'll bake or make whatever , or not bake if you think my cooking sucks . Whatever it takes . Lots of beer too ... Just dont < PROPFEMALE > if you get drunk and fall off the roof . 
time to rip off some shingles ... yay . 
Oh , I love my husband so much . Just thought I would state that fact . I'll see you on the roof , baby ! 
has a new appreciation for all you roofers , construction workers , laborers .... OUCH !!! You people must be the strongest men/women alive . So , kudos to you and the tough job you do and probably get no thanks for . And for all you people doing PX90 or whatever to get in shape ... just tear of the worst roof in rockford . Abs of steel baby ! 
feeling sorta back to normal . 
coffee ...... i need coffee 
has had my fist cup of coffee this morning . I now realize that one cup will not ever satisfy my needs . Hello , my name is < PROPFEMALE > , and I am addicted to coffee .... 
as I was falling asleep on the way home , I thought it wise to just go home , get to bed , and save the tp run for later . I think the score is now Self-Motivation --- zero , Procrastination --- one hundred and .... uh , forget it . I'll tally it up later . 
< PROPFIRST > is feeling better . It amazes me how much it takes to keep this kid down . 
got to see my hubby for about 30 seconds before he ran out of here to get to work . That pretty much just killed my happy attitude . He is one of the few people I actually WANT to see as much as possible , and I feel like I never get to see him . Sigh , life ain't fair . Well , time for me time make < PROPFIRST > breakfast and hopefully get a couple hours unbroken sleep before I go back to work tonight . 
last shift on nights for two weeks . yipee !! 
is so so so very happy to be home . I know I probably wont get quality sleep until tonight , but I don't even care at this point . 
officially hates sports . 
< PROPMALE > made me a great dinner last night of Mango Curry Chicken . It was delicious ! Slept til 10am , gotta shower , then its off to Moms for some early trick or treating . Already the best day I've had in awhile . 
has had a great day . 
is packing my lunch for the day . I don't want a banana , I want a snack pack ! GIMME THE SNACK PACK !! 
I think I love coffee more than just about anything else ( besides my family , of course ) . It's pretty sad when you are so passionate about something so beign as coffee , and even more so when its just plain of folgers ... but , good Lord , I love it . Oh well . Time to pack my lunch and head off to work . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
is FINALLY going to get to spend some girl time with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Back to the old stomping grounds for some reminiscing . I can't wait ! 
had a great night . 
ugh ... I'm sleepy . Dropping < PROPFIRST > off at school and then getting back into bed . 
i'm pretty sure my dog is a schizophrenic . I think he needs doggy dopamine . 
breakfast for dinner ..... YUM ! 
back to work another 36hr weekend . At least its on days this time . I'm feeling analytical today , which means that more than likely I will think myself into some sort of anxiety attack . Thats always fun . Have a great day , everyone ! 
thinks I talked to everyone in boone county/belvidere today . Ready for bed . 
is drinking my morning coffee , attempting to prepare myself for the possibility that today may be like yesterday . Not a horrible day , but swamped with calls with no end in sight . Makes the day go by fast , but also wears me out . Well , to all you people who have to work this weekend like I do , have a great day ! To all the other people that get to sleep in , sleep a couple extra hours for me . 
ugggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh ..... no more days like yesterday or today . Please God , make tomorrow nice and quiet . 
Waffle Sunday !!!!!!!!! Bringing my my waffle maker to prepare some breakfast for my co workers .... That is , of course , if we arent drowning in ambulance calls or baby daddy issues . Well , off to Woodmans to pick up some fruit and syrup . 
is happy this weekend is over . I love my job and I work with the best partners , but it's been a long 36hr stretch . I'll be spending my day catching up on laundry , cleaning , baking some brownies for my hubby , and trying to get in some pilates . Well , thats the plan at least . I may just go the other direction and not do anything . Its \anything can happen Monday \"" 
Ok , already bored with housework ... yet there is still so much to be done . What to do ? I guess I'll take my Big Girl Pill , and get back to work . No rest for the wives/mothers , is there ? Small price to pay for such great gifts . 
People confuse me . 
working today and tomorrow then off for 3 days . Hopefully things stay calm , but I am fully prepared to get slammed like we did this weekend . 
My goal for the day : Not to get upset to the point of almost having an aneurysm . 
< PROPFIRST > had to stay home today since he was sick at school ( again ) , so I've had a great day hanging out with my boy . Plus , no high school football tonight means I get my < PROPFEMALE > to myself tonight . I love my boys . BTW , I just want to say how proud i am of my husband . Check out RockRiver Times . His photos and columns took up the front < PROPFEMALE > and almost the entire sports section !!! 
Going to the Hononegah and Belvidere North football games with < PROPMALE > today . He'll be taking pics and doing interviews , I'll be listenting to my MP3 player and laughing as he is running up and down the sidelines . Date night tonight ! Can't wait !! 
My goal for today : Try not to drink 2 pots of coffee ... and don't spill anything . 
Roadhouse . 
so .... very ...... tired . 
I HATE LEAVES !! I should say I hate leaves when they decide its time to litter my yard . It's really not the leaves fault , anyway . I shouldn't judge . I need to blame the tree for shedding them to save its own life in the winter . Damn you tree ! 
ugh 
going to pilates with babs this morning . Hopefully I don't get stuck behind the lady who has gas . I think thats were she is secrectly going to set my mat up though . 
Yesterday I dislocated my thumb ( happens all the time ) , put it back in the socket and today it hurts . However , that once dislocated and bruised thumb feels better than the rest of my aching body . Holy Pains in my Ass , Batman ! I am sure that bubbly lady who taught that \pilates\ " class is the devil in disguise . " 
is long over due for a little time off .... 
Up bright and early this morning . < PROPMALE > is helping our friend coach some boys club basketball . Should be interesting . I'll be there with my ear buds in , listening to some music . Everything is better with a soundtrack . Hope you all have a great day ! 
Pretty sure I did a < PROPMALE > disservice to my son by telling him is < PROPMALE > Teacher was a moron . I don't regret it 100% because I stand by my statement . The only thing that kept him from honor roll was < PROPMALE > !! Someone tell my why NOT wanting to make your scarecrow just like all the others warrants a bad grade . They should be praising individualism and creativity , not producing clones . 
back to logans school toady for award day . yay . I love my boy . I will fight for him always . I am proud he goes against the grain , is so very bright , and insanely creative . Screw you District 205 . My kid is 6 and reads at a 7th grade level ( they tested him yesterday ) , but unfortunately , they just don't have the resources to help him since other kids in his class can't even read . Grrrr . 
My family is awesome . My genius husband , my stubborn and witty son , the neurotic dog , and the cats that beat eachother up . Wouldn't change it for anything . We are so quirky and have so many idiosyncracies , most people don't understand us . We are who we are . We don't change for anyone ... And within that perfect chaos , a perfect life was made . 
Promised < PROPFIRST > I would take him bowling today . I am pretty sure my 6 year old will wipe the floor with me . I am not looking forward to the impending humilliation of being legitimately beat by a child ( we will have bumpers up too ) , who will no doubt rub it in every < PROPMALE > he gets . I suck at bowling . 
Oh , Black Friday . I can only imagine what you have in store for us today . Women fighting over televisions , scarves , and other items at not so low prices . I wonder how many 911 calls we will get today in regards to such . Oh yes ... Consumerism at its finest . For all you partaking is such madness , I wish you a \shank-free\ " day . " 
No Black Friday catastrophes .... Disappointing , really . I figured people would have more fight in them . Well , I guess a quiet day for us is a good day for society , so yay . It's a half-hearted yay , though . Hmmmm ... not painting myself in the best light here . I'm not as malevolent as I sound , I just get bored easily . 
What comes around may not go around fast enough , but sooner or later , it reaches its destination . Mwwa-Ha-Ha ... 
Today is Waffle Day ! Nothing like some waffles at work to make the day go by a little quicker . 
ugh ... I don't want to relive the hell that was 1st grade . Actually , I don't think I ever had a \good\ " year in school . Oh well . Today I am going for one reason only . To try to make my sons academic career a little more enjoyable than mine was . I will do my best to repress my anger at the teachers who apparently only care about doing the bare minimum in order to pass ISATs . " 
Today I am as efficient well as a blindfolded , one-legged man running a marathon . I predict it will be a bad day for me , but a hilarious one for those around me . 
According to < PROPFIRST > , we all had better be good this holiday season . If not , we will end up with Reindeer poop in our stockings . I don't know about you , but I don't want poop in my stocking , and anyone who knows < PROPFIRST > knows that he would , in fact , put it in there to prove his point . 
I love being at home with my family , with my friends ... I love not having to have my guard up . Not having to worry about being judged , betrayed , or belittled . One of these days I need to open up a bit ..... Or not . Who knows . People sometimes suck . 
Off to Mom's to make christams cookies with the Hobson girls ! Can't wait to imbibe in some xmas spirit . Yum ! Hopefully someone will take lots of pictures . Its always a messy adventure . 
I have to say , I have had one fantastic day . Making cookies with my family , eating cookies , shopping with my handsome hubby , and finally kicking back in front of the fireplace . Life is great . 
My mind is always in the gutter . I can't watch sports without giggling every time I hear the phrases \ball handling\ " or \ " penetration\ " . Right now I am watching something about a conspiracy within the Naval branch of the military and I have no idea whats going on . I have to laugh like a 2nd grader everytime I hear someone referred to as \ " Seaman \"." 
Ah , man .... It snowed . I hope to God it doesn't snow anymore overnight . For some reason , people always forget how to drive when it flurries outside . I'll be calling for wreckers from 4am - 7am . Drive carefully everyone . Give your common sense a workout . 
BBBBBBBBBBBLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH . Yeah , thats I'll I have to say today . 
Feeling pretty down today . Why I let people maim my naturally optimistic and bubbly mood ( hehehehe ) , I have yet to discover . Being hated is exhausting . 
It's going to be one of those days today . You know the kind . Your alarm goes off in the morning and it takes you 5 extra < PROPFEMALE > to try to remember exactly why you have to get up . You go make yourself coffee , put the grounds in the filter , push the button , and curse the f'in thing because , what the heck , why isnt there any coffee co < PROPFEMALE > g out ? Then realize that you forgot to put the water in . Yeah , its one of those days . 
Cookies made ( check ) , bag cookies ( check ) , label cookies and include recipe ( well , I don't know if I want to claim them yet .. so , no check ) , double up on my meds so I don't have a panic attack around people I don't know and embarrass myself to the point of never wanting to leave my house again ( check , check ) . Yep , so far , so good . I'm coming , Babs ... I will take my rightful place behind the bar . 
Just wants to thank Babs for throwing a great party ! I had a great time ! 
I can't wait for the fun tonight . Moonlight bowling benefit for Boys and Girls Club . I'm pretty sure both < PROPMALE > and myself will hurt ourselves . I will more than likely throw the ball backwards , and possibly step over the foul line and slip on the < PROPFIRST > . Getting hurt sucks , but the stories that lead up to said pain is awesome . 
Ouchie !! 
Making meatballs and weinies for < PROPMALE>'s poker/birthday party ... Can't wait for the cards to be dealt ... 
Stinking cold ... I hate feeling mildly ill for a long time . I'd much rather have the flu terribly bad and suffer thru it for 2 days and be done with it . My voice sounds like a 13 year old boy going thru puberty . I feel like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > singing \When Its Time to Change\ " ... lol " 
I am actually looking forward to work this morning . Changed my morning routine and woke up at 440am to get a full session of Pilates in , brewed my coffee without any frustrations , jumped in the shower got ready , put my uniform on ..... and then proceeded to drop my strawberry cream cheese bagel directly on my pants . Yep . That just happened . Still looking forward to work , though . 
Seriously does NOT feel well . Ugh . I just want to take more Nyquil and go back to sleep . 
Guess I should clean the house .... but just note , I really don't want to . I'm trying to think of every possible excuse not to do so , but I can't find a legitimate reason to be lazy . My Lord , I'm pathetic . 
Looking forward to the Festivities today . Going to the Comic Book store with < PROPFIRST > in a few , then we will slide out to the Wick to visit with the family . I get to work on Christmas , so I have to do my fa-la-la-la-laing today , as it's not good to fa-la-la-la-la on a recorded line . 
Hi . 
WAFFLE DAY , WAFFLE DAY ! WA-WA-WA-WA WAFFLE DAY ! WIKKI WIKKI WHAAAA ? Sorry . I just so excited . And try as I may , I just can't hide it . Crap . Now I have that song stuck in my head . 
I'm tired . Not just yawning , sluggish tired , but the kind of sleepy where you fall asleep while walking , and consequently head straight into a wall kind of tired . Now , I'm not saying that I actually walked into a wall , because anyone who knows me realizes that I have the grace of a gazelle . Well , maybe a slightly injured gazelle with 3 legs .... Ok , fine . Yes , I walked into a wall . Happy now ? 
In my County Browns today and realized that I need new pants . Yay for losing weight , but booooo for the impending trip to Uniform Den to get new ones . 
Stayed awake until midnight on new years < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in years ( not for lack of trying , thank you very much insomnia ) . Stroke of midnight arrives and the loud bangs of fireworks startles < PROPMALE > and myself . Ironically , following pops of gunshots fired into the air weren't as alarming . Happy New Year friends ! And a special Happy New Year to my fellow Westsiders . 
My goals for 2011 : Take better care of myself . Start doing activities that I enjoy rather than what I feel I obligated to do . Vowed to myself that the first thing I will do in 2011 was to set up my easel and begin painting . So far I have done laundry , grocery shopped , and am currently making my sauce for lasagna . Easel still not up . Brushes remain unused . On the bright side , I get to have lasagna tonight ! 
Alarm went off early this morning . I crawled out of bed , ready , but dreading , the impending fight with < PROPFIRST > to get him up and moving around . Lord have mercy , that kid was already wide awake and ready to get back to school . I've concluded that our house must be so boring , that the six year old can't even stand it . 
Back to working nights . yay . 
I just want to be hypnotized Office Space style . I don't want to care anymore . Anyone know a good hypnotherapist with a heart condition ? 
Typed in Faceboob.com instead of facebook . Yep , today is going to be one of those days . 
Oh , to be six and have the natural energy equivalent to a six pack of Red Bull . 
“The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later ; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting . ” So true , < PROPFIRST > Bukowski . So very , very true . 
Nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated sarcasm . Maybe that's why I always feel slightly discouraged . 
Bears . Beets . Battlestar Galactica . 
It is my favorite day of the work week . Anyone want to take a guess as to why today is my favorite day ? Anyone ? Its WAFFLE SUNDAY ! Nothing like some fresh made belgian waffles to shake the Sunday blahs . 
You ever walk by the mirror first thing in the morning and scare the Bejesus out of yourself ? 
Started my sauce for my lasagna this morning . Smells delicious already . 4 more hours to simmer , then it should be good to go . We get to enjoy it tonight , and < PROPMALE > gets to bring a pan to work tomorrow . 
One of these days , I'll be normal . One of these days .... 
Who's house ? Run's house . 
Doesn't feel well . I think I need some more sleep . Sleep cures everything . Sleep and a bottle of water , right Mom ? 
I think there comes a time in every persons life when you just feel like flipping over tables , drop-kicking old people , and not putting on deodorant and plastering your funky , sweaty pits into someones face . Oh , how I wish that day would come . Sounds like fun . 
Confucius say : \Na-Na-Boo-Boo . Stick Your Head In Doo-Doo \"" 
I'm looking forward to finally going back to work after being ill for what seemed to be an eternity . I need a good laugh , and my partners are always great for that . 
If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist , it's another nonconformist who doesn't conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
For the love of God , will someone please pass the Dutchie on the left hand side ? 
is off to the fascist kingdom .... 
I hope today is nothing like yesterday . If yesterday was a MadLib , all of the adjectives would have been filled with expletives , and all the pronouns would have contained certain parts of the human body . I'm fairly certain that yesterday was a Karmic consequence to a heinous act in a previous life . Yep , I don't know who's cereal I shat in back in a previous life , but I bet it someone important ... or vindictive ... lol 
My boy is back home .... and his is sick . Again . This cold/flu season has ravaged my household . I should have bought stock in bleach and Walgreens . I think my family has succeeded in keeping Walgreens in business . 
Be kind to me , or treat me mean I'll make the most of it , I'm an extraordinary machine 
All human life originated from two homo's in a cave . Just ask my son . Oh , Rockford Schools .... 
is looking forward to acting my age tonight ( not like an old reclusive lady ) .... no kid ( he's going over to visit grandma and papa ) , just wonderful husband and great friends . Can't wait to have a few drinks , get my butt kicked in pool and darts , and act a fool . 
I love my friends !!!! Thanks guys ! 
I am looking forward to work with my girls tonight ! They always make the 12hr shifts fun . Nothing like some dirty jokes from < PROPFEMALE > and good ol fashion sarcasm from Babs . It's always a giggle fest ! 
“Every man alone is sincere . At the entrance of a second person , hypocrisy begins . ” 
I love days like this ... Rainy , sullen , peaceful . Siiiiiiiiiigh . Back to sleep I go . 
Oh , dear God . Please let me get through this day without snapping off on someone , throwing up in a trash can , or spilling coffee on myse .... damn . OK . Lets just go for the no snapping and no throwing up . Friggin coffee . Always ruining my plans . 
< PROPFIRST > woke up screaming his head off at about 4am . He was having a nightmare that had something to do with ants coming at him with tennis rackets and spitting food at him . Poor kid . Sounds like he's been watching too many < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movies . That's probably my fault . Sorry , < PROPFIRST > . 
Today I will take the advise from a dear friend and be more positive so that others around me will also be positive as well . Then I will proceed to make fun of all of their music preferences , movies they own , and their famliy . Hooray for positive reinforcement ! < PROPFIRST > , I love ya ! You piss me off and make me laugh at the same time . Although , I think you scared < PROPMALE > to death . I'm sure he thought I was going to shank ya . 
Alright citizens of Boone County , just a brief message to you . The girls and I have a busy day planned today . If you are going to off yourself , go on a psychotic rage about not getting hired at the local massage parlor , or fall down the stairs ( again ) , please wait until after 1900hrs to report . Thank you . 
I've been ridiculously lazy today . Napped on the couch , only did 1 load of laundry , and washed 1 dish . A part of me feels extremely guilty . I'll make it up to myself tomorrow . 
This day will be the true test of how well I can control my anger . I will try not to use profanities , turn tables over , or throw child-size chairs . Suck it , Parent/Teacher Conference .... Oh man . I am going to get into trouble . Crap . 
is bright eyed , bushy tailed , and ready for the day ! 
Guess what ? I have flaws . What are they ? Oh I donno , I sing in the shower ? Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering . Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car . So < PROPFEMALE > me -- no , don't < PROPFEMALE > me . That is opposite the point I'm trying to make . 
Date night tonight with my handsome hubby !! Dinner with friends than off to watch the UFC fights with the crew . First on my to do list today , however , is to fold 3 loads of laundry and then pilates . 
Did you all know that THERES ONLY ONE < PROPMALE > HATTON ? Thanks to my lovely husband for getting that stuck in my head on Saturday .. and Sunday ... and today . I plan on taking the boy to school , ingesting just enough cold/flu medicine to not OD , sleeping for a few more hours and waking up WITHOUT that song stuck in my head . 
Lots of stuff that doesn't kill you makes you weaker 
Time to start preparing for vacation !! YAY !!! 
Rufio ! Rufio ! RU-FI-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Being a procrastinator is not conducive to experiencing all that Niagara Falls has to offer . I should have looked into border jumping qualifications a month ago . However , I had no interest in even stepping foot in Canada until I found out they have an indoor waterpark that covers 3 acres ! Friggin Canada ... 
The Joker is much more diabolical than Darth Vader . Just thought everyone should know . 
I really , really need to stop falling asleep with any kind of true crime show on . If my dreams are any indication of my actual ability to survive some kind of vicious attack by a serial killer , I'm pretty well screwed . 
Have you all heard this story about < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ? Well , apparently , their just two American kids growing up in the heartland . This < PROPFIRST > ie kid thinks he's gonna be some football < PROPFEMALE > , but he sucks so that aint happening . I bet he just knocks up < PROPFEMALE > and leaves her . Then < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna end up on welfare . Ahhhh , the American Dream come true . 
' Roll the fizzle . This guys all up in my what-nots . ' yep . That really happened . 
Looking forward to leaving in the morning . I cant wait to have a great time with my boys ! 
Happy 7th Birthday to my baby ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! I have the best son in the world ! 
another great phrase courtesy of Logan ... ' Stinkenberry ' . As in ' I am so stinkenberry cold ' . 
We had an awesome stay at the Great Wolf Lodge in Sandusky , OH . Service there was incredible and < PROPFIRST > had a great birthday . Now , back to the car to the trip to Niagara Falls ! 
This vacation has been incredible . Too bad it must come to an end . Seneca Hotel and Casino was beautiful , but nothing could compare to the Falls . We all have fun walking in the rain everywhere from the falls to the aquarium , Hard Rock Cafe and back to do some shopping . Lots and lots of pictures too ! 
Sigh .... Good bye New York . I fell in love with your beauty and your casino . Now all thats left is to tackle the 11hr trip back to Illinois . First off , we must stop at < PROPMALE > Hortons ! 
I hate to be a negative < PROPFEMALE > , but I HATE HATE HATE Chicago and its dumb ass trafic . Ok , I feel better getting that off my chest . Should be home in about 30min . I miss my bed ... and puppy . 
Im so excited for Logans birthday party tomorrow ! Hopefully Skateco will have EMS staged in the parking lot . 
Woooooooooot !!! Party time today ! 
Just want to thank everyone who helped us celebrate Logans birthday today . We had a great time and it has much to do with everyone who joined us ! Thank you so so much ! 
Today I am just relaxing and enjoying my last day of vacation . It has been a wonderful week spending time with my boys and family . I'm trying not to think too much about tomorrow and the fact that playtime for < PROPFEMALE > is done . I have a feeling that tomorrow my ass will be chewed to shreds . 
I got to take a little cat nap with my hubby today until < PROPFIRST > got home from spending the night at his daddy's . It was just what i needed to finish off the perfect vacation . 
Back to my reality today . I got my lunch packed up , my shoes tied tight . I hope I don't get in a fight . Oooooh , back to work , back to work . Back . To . Work . Uuuuuuuuuuugh ! Damn it ! No ! I don't want to go back to the fascist kingdom !!! I want to stay home and be happy with my boys . Growing up sucks ! Oh well . Time to take a big girl pill and make Matty some money . 
Had a 30min conversation with a brick wall today . That wasnt useful . 
Im a happy happy girl . 
I just want to say a big thank you to < PROPMALE > for waking me up at 5:20 am when my alarm didnt go off . Thank you , Thank you , Thank you !!! My man's got my back . Word . Have a good day , everyone ! 
Somedays it seems impossible to stop your mind from spinning . It really is hard to fall asleep when you are a neurotic basket case . I'm just assuming thats how it must be since I really have no clue what that is like . 
I think my husband is trying to fatten me up . He offered me the one thing I cannot refuse ..... Culvers single scoop vanillia ice cream with mint and hot fudge . You are so bad for my diet , but so so good in my tummy . Thanks Mookie KrizNasti ! Love ya ! 
I have accomplished absolutely nothing inside my house today . The only thing I really want to do is make banana bread for < PROPMALE > and my girls . I did , however , clean out my car . Wow . That was nasty . 
OK , three loaves of banana bread in the oven ( one for work , 2 for me .. lol ) , kitchen and dishes cleaned , and pork chops defrosting for dinner . Thats about all I got in me today . Productive day though . Even took two walks and took Shooter for a ride in my nice clean car . 
I don't know why I haven't slept worth a damn the past few days , but it's really starting to bring me down . Waking up every couple hours , tossing and turning . Ack ! If anyone wants to see what the living dead looks like , come up to the PSB . I'll be the zombie behind the bullet-proof ( or so they tell me ) glass . 
Does anyone know where someone ( not me of course ) can go and get a cheap lobotamy ? Fast and easy ? No ? 
I know I've said this before , but I will say it once again . I do not fair well in an empty house . I miss my boys . Yeah , I'm co-dependent . So what ? Wanna fight about it ? 
im druuuuuuunk ! And my man and i are looking gooooooood ! Ugggggggh ! 
goodnight 
Today is going to be a great day . Waffle Sunday , no hang-over this morning , and no brass at the \Kingdom\ " . Time for the girls to play . Yippeeeeee !!! " 
Aaaaaaaqua luuuuuuung ! 
What a beautiful day ! I have so much planned for this lovely Monday . Anyone care to take a guess ? Clean , clean , clean , laundry , dinner , clean , clean , clean , and read . Just in case anyone cared . :) Have a great day , everyone . And for those of you who may not be so lucky to have a great day , just remember , you always have the option of say KMA World !! 
I love coffee . I especially love coffee when it is in my awesome < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > mug that < PROPMALE > got me . Nothing like seeing the \Nard-Dogs\ " goofy smiling face staring back at me everytime I take a sip of my generic Kroger coffee . It really doesn't take much to amuse me . I'm sorry . " 
Who knows how long I've loved you . You know I love you still . Will I wait a lonely lifetime ? If you want me to I will . I'll love you forever and forever . Love you with all my heat . Love you whenever we're together . Love you when we're apart . 
Something deep within my bones is telling me that today is destined to be that day I should have just stayed in bed . Hopefully I can get over this sullen-girl-mood and become my normal self . Hmmmm . Guess that kind of is my normal self . Not today , though . I am turning over a new leaf . It's going to be happy happy joy joy < PROPFEMALE > . Smiley & bubbly . Skipping down hallways . Sigh . I already want to kick her in the face . 
I have never wanted to go home so badly in my life . 
I should have stayed in bed . It was not a great day . < PROPFIRST > dropped my mp3 player in the toilet , mad issues with douche bags of all shapes and colors , I could have done without work drama , < PROPFIRST > threw up in the bathtub ... sigh ... But , I did get to come home to the best boys ever and Subway . 
Only 11hrs of work left today ... yay 
By far just had the two most frustrating days of work I've had in a year . Im home . Im cranky . Bet my husband cant wait to get home tonight ... lol 
It's offical . I've lost all motovation to do anything . I really dont even want to get out of bed today . Unfortunatly , some things just have to be done . So laundry here I come . Dishes , prepare to be clean . Mr Coffee coffee maker , be ready to make me at least two pots of your go-go juice . 
I love netflix via the wii . The boy and I are enjoying some Scooby Doo cuddled up on the couch . 
“I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital , and cried . I knew that my IQ had been damaged . ” Just a little quote from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > that makes me giggle . I feel the same way .... Then I feel a bit depressed reminiscing on the 4 hours out of my life ( that I will never get back btw ) I wasted watching \Pearl Harbor \"." 
Why am I compelled to watch autopsy/crime scene documentaries when I know all its going to do is make me have a panic attack ? Oh , what a glutton for punishment I am . But those shows are sooooooo cool . 
Thanks to my husband for taking care of me this weekend . Hopefully you wont get the flu too . Way to take one for the team !! 
Hi . I'm awake . 
I have the best man in the world !! He did the dishes for me tonight ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! Only 10 1/2hrs left of work and I get to come home and enjoy my nice clean dishes ! 
7 more hours til I get to rest my weary head on my soft pillow . 
It's never going to eeeeend ! This night is going on forever !! Someone make a traffic stop or something ! 
I warned the TruGreen man to not go over to the neighbors house . 1hr later , I can still hear the neighbor telling this poor guy how to properly mow a lawn . This is the same guy who stood outside his house while we were tearing off shingles who yelled up to us while we were on the roof ' So , you guys doing some roofing up there ? ' 
Ah , Mr. Garbage Man . I've never met u yet I'm almost certain you're a good man . You're on time & place our bins neatly back upon our yard . U also blast a religous based talk radio show so loud the whole block can hear u . I understand u r trying to kill 2 birds w/ 1 stone . Spreading the word of God to the West side & doing your job at the same time . I commend your effort . That being said , can u take it down a notch ? 
Apparently , I am a dork . Any suggestions on how I can attempt to be less of a dork ? 
Since when did empathy and compassion become traits associated with weakness ? 
How long does it take until you arent made to take any more ? 
I'm way past tired . Help 
is great at solving problems after I create the problems .... 
I've searched and read every noted death in the past 10 years that is listed on Wikipedia . Something is wrong with me . 
is beat . 
is boycotting people . 
It's always a bit frightening to have the sensation of being watched when you know that no one else is sharing the room with you . Even more frightening when you have that feeling of being \stalked\ " & you stop what you're doing & look up to see 2 cats & 1 dog staring at you intently . For a second I was afraid to move . Anything can happen when you have 1 mentally challenged dog & 2 cats who are as bad as the Diaz boys " 
I am positive our family crossed some Voodoo woman waaaaay back in the day . When will this sad curse end ??? 
I'm seriously contemplating breaking my own leg just to get out of going to work . I just want to stay home and be in my husbands arms . I have to admit I am emotionally drained . I think I may be over-reacting . 
Nothing like a stiffy and a popper within the first hour . 
Why the hell am I listening to Queensrche at 0558am ? 
is exhausted . I'll get thru tonight and the dreaded last 12hr stretch before switching back to 2 weeks of days , but it will be with much whining and coffee . Short message to others : If you plan on having a conversation with me , please bring chocolate and coffee . No chocolate or coffee ? No talkie . Not like it matters . 
To : Current Operators of Motor Vehicles \ 
CC : Future Operators of Motor Vehicles\ 
\ 
Dear Sir or Madam , \ 
STOP RUNNING INTO TREES ! \ 
\ 
Sincerely yours , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I told < PROPMALE > ' Trust me , baby . I know where we're going . ' we are now lost in Northern Winnebago County . Hmmmm . 
Happy Mothers Day ! Lets all take a break today . Lets play games with our kids instead of worrying about keeping the house clean , eat dinner without concern for the dishes , and lay on the couch without feeling guilty while the house is a mess around you . For all you Mommy's out there , I love you all ! Have a great day ! 
Thanks to my boys for making me feel so special yesterday . It was a great weekend , and I must admit , I really enjoyed being spoiled rotten . Now its off to work , Land of Ever Impending Doom , a.k.a The Fascist Kingdom , a.k.a The Institution . LOL I honestly do love my job . Have a great day everyone . 
Some days it seems as though the negative actions of others will find its way into my life either from being a direct target or simply being diffused in the air like the scent of straight up Doo Doo Butter . Yeah , I don't know where I am going with this , but I just wanted to say Doo Doo Butter . It just makes me laugh . Doo Doo Butter . LOL I guarantee you say that at least once today . 
dislikes people immensly today . I dont even know if I spelled that right , but I dont care . 
Lots and lots of cleaning to do today . Friggin laundry .... Why can't it just wash itself ? At least I'll get a good workout in by lugging 5 or 6 loads on laundry up and down the stairs . Hmmm .... maybe I shouldn't be so hard on the laundry . It keeps me in shape . Thank you , dirty clothes . God , there really is something wrong with me . 
My therapist says I am a likeable person . Yay ! Now , if I can only pay everyone else $180 dollars an hour to think the same way ...... LOL 
Ahhhhhh .... relaxing 
Slept like poo . But , on a better note , I get 4 hours of OT today ! Yay for money ! Plus I get to spend my day with the best partners a girl could have . Lets see who gets yelled at today . My money is on me . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > . 
is looking forward to a nice quiet day at work . Early morning waffles with Boone County's Finest ( that includes you , Mags ) , hopefully we get to entertain some additional calls concerning asparagus and dandilions , and no one dies . Ahhhhh .... if only , people . If only . Have a great Saturday everyone ! Enjoy the weather for my partners and me ! 
is happy to be home with my boys . < PROPMALE > had grilled an excellent steak with peppers and had spent the day doing ' man work ' . I hugged < PROPFIRST > for about 5 < PROPFEMALE > straight and it still didnt seem long enough . Some days I wonder how I ever lived without them in my life . I love you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Rainy days and Mondays NEVER get me down . Yeah . Take that Carpenters . 
its < PROPFIRST>'s first baseball game tonight ! Yay ! 
< PROPFIRST > had a great game last night . 3-4 batting with 1 rbi . Its awesome to watch him and the other kids having fun out on the field . He is on a great team . The kids are all very funny and nice and the coach doesn't seem like he takes crap from anyone ! I love it !! Next game is Friday . I can't wait to see them in action again . 
I killed a duck today . Hit it with my car . Dont feel bad for the duck . It just stood there . Stupid duck . 
is looking forward to cuddling with the hubby while watching the season finale of The Office ! Yay for Thursday ( my Friday) !! 
just wants to sleep the day away ... 
will be dropping < PROPFIRST > off at school and then headed back to the couch to nap . Time to start my 2 weeks of nights . 
What the deuce !?! Can I not go a day without spilling something on myself or tripping over something ??? Yep . Tripped over my pantleg . Tore a big hole right in leg . Guess what ? I'm still going to wear them to work . Take that , dress code . 
< PROPFIRST>'s music program went really well . He was his usual self and put 110% into his performance . He had the crowd laughing until the tears were flowing due to his exaggerated dance moves . He is such a goofy boy and I am such a proud mama . 
I'm not sick . It's just allergies . I just have to keep telling myself that . 
Back to bed for me . Good morning and goodnight . 
One of these days I'll work up some motivation to find my motivation . 
just spent the past 5 hours playing Marvel : Ultimate Alliance 2 for the Wii with < PROPMALE > . I am addicted fo sho . < PROPMALE > cheats , though . Deadpool always seemed to always get the mvp award , most kills , and best combos . My character seemed to always get ' most needy ' . We have concluded that I am the female version of < PROPMALE > Cage . 
is pretty sure our neighbors dislike us . However , I am postive we dislike them more . I've never wanted to backhand an old man so much in my life . 
is still alive .... I think . 
is looking forward to my last night shift for 2 weeks . Friday will be another no sleep day for me . I get to FINALLY see my long lost friend ! I can't wait !!! 
Today is < PROPFIRST > s very last day of first grade . Thank God . I'm proud of my boy for makng it thru with only minor bumps and scrape ... and I'm proud of myself for not laying his teacher out in front of 26 kids . Yay , < PROPFIRST > and me ! 
is a proud mama today . < PROPFIRST > made the honor roll and also got another award for no late days ! He and < PROPMALE > are at a Riverhawks game right now with his baseball team and I get to go out for a bit . My allergies are killing me and I've had 3hrs sleep , but for the life of me , I will have an awesome time ! 
<--------- Has anger issues , but in the best way possible . Does that make sense ? 
Already having a great day with my boys . One of these days I am going to win the mega millions and < PROPFEMALE > out with them all day long . Don't worry . You'll be taken care of too . 
Quandary of the day : Do I get off work at my usual time and go see my son play baseball , or do I get off work , stick around , go to the Union meeting , watch catfights and witness emotionally charged post menopausal women banter on in circles about things that I just don't care about ? Hmmm . Tough decision . Watch out can of worms , cuz you are about to be opened . 
is hoping < PROPMALE > Izzo won't leave MSU . I'm pretty sure < PROPMALE > will lose all will to live if that happens . 
They say , that no man is an island . False . I am an island . And this island , is volcanic . And it is about to erupt , with the molten hot lava ... of strategy . 
Off to Woodmans at 540am . Last time I went there , I caught the tail end of one of the employees recieving a death notification . Yeah , that sucks . Her breakdown almost made me late for work . How dare the one cashier comfort her when she had customers in the only checkout line available . LOL Just kidding . Seriously though , I hope that doesn't happen again . 
Time to start another day . Maybe this time I can make it thru without incident . Wish me luck . Have a great day people ! 
What the hell happened to animal crackers ? They actually used to resemble real animals back in the day . Now they all resemble imbred animals as interpreted by Picasso . Fun , but not nearly as appealing to eat . What is this world coming to ? 
hates it when people use their children as pawns to get back at eachother . If i had a dime for every stupid ass idiot making a trivial complaint in ref to some child custody crap I'd be a millionare . Grow up , be a parent , and stop screwing with your kids ' head ! 
is so proud of < PROPFIRST > . His game tonight didnt go as well as it could have , but that boy kept his head up , cheered on his team , payed attention , and tried his best . Smiled thru it all too . He's a great kid ... and he loves it when I cheer excessively . It may annoy the other parents , but I am loyal to myself . I was born to annoy . Im proud of you , Logy ! 
Work would b much more interesting if it were more like Peewee's Playhouse . Well , not really . Peewee's Playhouse was an awesome show ( yes , I'm sticking 2 my guns on this 1 ) , but I don't think talking furniture would b a great idea in dispatch . Now , I do think that we should infuse \the secret word\ " in2 our daily radio traffic . Someone help me think of an awesome secret word that will not get us fried by the FCC . " 
had a day full of stupid . How was your day ? 
hate the initial shock of seeing a big hairy spider in the tub just as I am getting ready to hop in . Love the feeling of vindication I get when I flip that water on an send him back down that drain . Mwa-ha-ha !! Yes ! I am the ultimate spider killer !! 
Today is gonna rock my socks off ! < PROPFIRST > has a much needed baseball practice at high noon . Game was cancelled last night so at least I get to see him play a little today . Then , day 2 of fathers day weekend , off to Chicago with my man to see the script reading of ' Da Bears Movie Dat Wasn't ' and a Q&A with Coach Ditka himself ! Can't wait !! 
had the best time with < PROPMALE > in chicago . Ditka is the man ! 
Stopped into Kohls Friday to see my girl < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > had 2 use the facilities & I patiently waited outside the restrooms for him 2 return . Now that day I had decided 2 look like a lady & wore my favorite dress . Suddenly I had that uncomfortable creeping undies feeling . I nonchalantly dig them out of my butt , turn around to make sure no one was looking , and realize there was a security camera staring me in the face . 
blah blah blah blah sarcasm . Blah blah blah blah witty banter . 
I am ready to face the challenges of the day head-on . I will try my hardest to play nice with others , take deep breaths , and relax . I will also attempt to adapt to some peoples bile-like personalities which do nothing more than sear ulcers into my gut . Im just playing ... i love everyone . Siiiiiigh .... 
Early day . Yay ! 
is slowly slipping further into the dark precipice of insanity . Quick ! Can someone lower a rope or a tree branch ? What ?!? What do you expect me to do with this pitiful looking skinny twig ? Are you trying to kill me ??? Sigh . Nevermind . I'll get out of this myself . Hmmm . Can you drop down some chocolate , blanket , and a good book ? Maybe I'll just < PROPFEMALE > out here for awhile . 
in female hell . 
had a great time at Coco Keys with the boys . I learned a valuable lesson today . Do not stand under the huge bucket of water while wearing loose fitting bikini bottoms . 
Played as hard as my 7 year old did at Coco Keys yesterday . Today reality set in : Every muscle in my body is burning and < PROPFIRST > is ready to go back and play some more . I really am getting old , my friends . Siiiigh 
Y is it socially acceptable 2 make fun or immediately stamp a thin person as having an eating disorder , yet pointing out the fact that someone is overweight is labeled as cruel ? From this day forth , any1 who dares calls me stick , 2 skinny , or any synonym of such will b straight out called a Fatty . Then I will go into a profanity laced tirade in which I will instruct said person 2 meet me at the flagpole after school . 
is fairly certain I had a massive peanut butter and jelly attack somtime in the middle of the night . I vaguely remember eating it ; definitely dont remember making it . Yet , alas , I had the evidence of this sweet event all over myself this morning . Just goes to prove yet again that anytime is Peanut Butter Jelly Time . 
Ahhhh , mentally unstable people . How I love thee . You make my day much more interesting due to your unpredictable antics . I never would have guessed that anyone would ever drop a deucer outside of a business and then proceed to press their soiled backside up against the plate glass window . So , today I raise my cup of coffee to you , oh nutty ones , for your ingenuity and disregard for social standards . 
Nothing wakes you up in the morning in quite the manner as a hairspray bottle gone mad . Woke up this morning determined to be in a positive frame of mind . Jumped in the shower , got dressed , pulled my hair back . Went to finish off with a good spritz of the ol ' aerosol can of hairspray and it shoots directly into my eye . Damn clogged dispenser of burning liquid . I allege conspiracy !!! 
Good god . Someone help me get thru this day . Sitting in a 20x20 room for 12hrs with something that could drive you even further into insanity is NEVER a good thing for me . Seriously folks . Im losing my damn mind . 
blah . Yep . Thats all I got . Just a big ol blah . 
is seriously considering a career change . Hmmm ... Professional Sleeper ? Sarcastic Conversation Translator ? Screamer Extraordinaire ? I think I would fair well at any of those professions . I think I should jump on that Sarcastic Conversation Translator . 
Who's got 2 thumbs and is not a happy girl ? Yep . You guessed it . This girl . Oh , you guys are so smart . Back to bed I go . Mahn , I am such a < PROPFEMALE > Downer . Sorry everyone . I promise I will be back to my normal crazy/witty/abrasive-with-charm self soon . 
After watching all these episodes of Dance Your A ** Off , I have the strong < PROPFEMALE > to learn to ballroom dance . Hmmmm .... now how do I get < PROPMALE > to go along with me ? 
Went off at the mouth a bit tonight . At first I thought I may have made an enemy . However , I'm a thinkin I made a back-stabbing friend for life . Ahhhh , the joys of interpersonal relationships . 
Any of you ladies out there every accidentally put a racer-back sports bra on backwards ? I know this is hard to believe , but sadly , this happened to me this morning . I immediately had a heart-pounding-what-is-wrong-with-my-boobs moment . Worst part ? I didn't realize it was on backwards , and tried to maneuver the fabric in a desperate attempt to cover the girls . Not to worry , I eventually figured it out . Don't judge . 
just ate about 4lbs of fruit . Thank you Machine Shed for a wicked awesome fruit plate . 
Why do stupid people keep breeding ? 
Last 12hr shift before being swept away to beautiful Canton , Ohio . I have this sinking feeling that my entire relationship with my husband will pale in comparison to him FINALLY witnessing Emmit Smith being inducted into the Football Hall of Fame . I can't compete with that . Crap . 
Enroute to the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame !! 
now we are off to the Football Hall of Fame . Not as excited for that as I was for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , but at least we can legally take pictures there . 
feels like I've been shanked in the gut . Prison style . Right in the ovary . 
Oh , < PROPMALE > Evans ... How I love thee . 
Understands why narcotics aren't available in vending machines , but at the moment I throughly wish they were . 
played some chess with < PROPFIRST > at the Nervous Dog Coffee House while < PROPMALE > signed his life away to meet Emmit Smith . 
misses her puppy . And also her sanity . 
< PROPFIRST > just woke up singing \I smell coffeeeeeeee ! \ " . Apparently everyone in this house is more chipper when waking to the aroma of fresh brewed coffee . I love my boy . " 
is trying to figure out if my actions are infuenced more by paranoia or perception . After much internal deliberation , I have only come to one solid conclusion . Fruity Pebbles is the greatest food on the planet . What does one have to do with the other ? Absolutely nothing . I just love me some artificially fruit flavored semi puffed rice . Life is good . 
Apparently common sense is over rated . 
swears to God , if one more thing breaks ... and I dont care if it is a car , lawnmower , computer ... let it even be a nail , I am breaking someones nose . 
I will stay with you through the ups and downs ; I will stay with you when no ones else is around . And when the dark clouds arrive , I'll be right be your side . You'll know we'll be alright . I'll stay with you . Love you , < PROPFIRST > . Thank you for everything . 
What most people consider paranoia , I call being prepared . Zombie outbreak ? Prepared . Terroist attack ? Prepared . Mugged walking to my car ? Uber prepared . However , I will admit that all this planning for situations that will most likely never happen has left me less than ready for more common incidents . If I run out of TP while on the can , I am screwed . 
Is it possible to pre-book a suite at Singer ? I'm fairly certain that within the next few years my mental health will deteriorate to the point where I will need to be institutionalized . I hear its like a 5 < PROPFEMALE > spa . Maybe a relaxing bout of electroshock therapy will do me good . 
Feels it in my bones ... I'm gonna be annoying as hell tonight . For some , it will be a long 12hr shift . Bring it , Boone Co !!! 
is a pathetic pile of skin and bones . Sitting here I can actually feel my brain cells dying one by one due to lack of stimulation . 
wishes the UPS guy would get here soon . 
Those dishes are calling my name . Unfortunatly for them , I have selective hearing . 
seeing my man dance to 90's music on VH1 make me love him even more . He is my dancing soul mate . This house is filled with giggling fools . Cant ask for better than that . 
is going to need an IV of caffeine , a handful of synthetic positivity , and 2 impossibly great works of literature to get me by this weekend . Let the 36-hours-of-weekend-night-shift extravaganza begin . I'm going to have to make an emergency stop at Borders while on my way to work . 
Hi . I'm tired . I am wicked jealous of all of you folks who are cozied up in your nice warm beds , spooning your companion , while managing to snore loudly into their ear and drool on them at the same time . I'm just sitting here wearing my jacket backwards like a damn Snuggie , looking like a fool . Yep . For anyone who reads this , I appologize for wasting 5 sec of your day . 
12hrs down . 24 to go . My eyes are already set on Monday . 
As long as I keep telling myself that the most beautiful gifts come from the worst of senarios , I will survive this night . 
is officially awake now . < PROPMALE > and my dad are rehanging a gutter that is right over my bedroom and with every stroke of the hammer , the dog thinks someone is knocking at the door and barking incessantly . God love that dog . He is special . 
It puts the lotion on its skin ! 
Tickle fights . Fun , aren't they ? I bet you think they are a harmless , wholesome way to interact with friends and family . Wrong ! 3 million people die each year from these seemingly benign shows of affection . Please , take care . Use common sense . Make sure you have no knives , shank , or other weapons in your hand while tickling your loved one . This has been a Public Service Announcement . Statistics have not been verified 
I promised < PROPMALE > I wouldnt eat all of the chocolate chip cookies < PROPFIRST > and I had made for him yesterday . I fear this is a promise I will not be able to keep . 
wants some freeench toooast ! 
Nothing better than hearing < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > sing ' Can I Get A Wittness ' at 0130 . Makes me want to make an ass out out myself and dance ! 
Panic set in when I thought I locked my keys in the car . I automatically go into problem solving mode which was pointless seeing as how the only solution I could come up with was to kick in my window . Luckily it didnt come down to that since not only did I have my keys in my hand ( while I was freaking out about locking them inside ) , but i forgot to put my window up too . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > took me out to Red Lobster for my birthday dinner . It's been a long long time since I have had Crabs . Red Lobster , Crabs , and Kmart . Perfect birthday celebration . 
Loooooooove going to ghetto Highlander ! Only the coolest of the cool do their produce shopping there ... Thats why I would shop no where else . Ok . Yeah , I'm reaching . I needed an ego boost today and thats all I had in me . 
\Coach\ " was an awesome show . Only took me 28 years to figure that out . " 
Im just a happy-go-lucky girl today . Much happier and more positive than I've been in a long time . I dont know if I like this feeling . I feel like Im having a heart attack . Now I know what the Grinch felt like . 
Ladies and Gentlemen , today I am proud to announce to all of you that I did NOT drop my delicous blueberry bagel slathered with strawberry cream cheese on my uniform . Every magical bite went into my mouth successfully , leaving no messy cream stains on my clothing . Off to a good start , people ! 
Busy day at work , but a great day . Thanks to all my family and friends for reminding me , if only for a day , that people care about me . I usually just assume people loathe me , so these birthday wishes , notes , and acts of kindness have made me feel as if I actually fit in somewhere . IT'S A MIRACLE ! 
forgot to turn off my alarm for 5am today . I wasn't planning on waking up this early on my day off , but oh well . I'm up . 
<------------------ TIRED 
Cheese Nips . Are they the knock off of Cheez-It's ? It seems there has been great debate regarding these two artificially flavored snacks . Google it ! Pages upon pages of people arguing which one is the champion of the cheesey snack world . Personally , I don't care for either one , but if I had to choose ? Cheese Nips , all the way . The name always makes me giggle . Sounds like a term of endearment . Cheese Nips . Awesome . 
I loved NKOTB . I wont lie any longer . Going to their concert at the metro centre when I was 7 was the first live entertainment experience that I recall . Yes , I was screaming for < PROPMALE > and wore my New Kids button on that was as big as my head .... and loved every second of it . Sure , their songs were campy , but to a 7 year old they were like psalms from the Bible . I still have Hanging Tough on my MP3 player . 
I think someone must have switched my regular coffee to decaf . Either that or my tolerance to caffeine is elevated to a point of no return . Overdose on coffee ... Yeah , that seems about right for me . 
The life has been sucked out of me . 
Opened my paycheck up yesterday and thought to myself : \Good God ! I know I worked harder than this !! \"" 
I miss my vacuum cleaner . Yesterday I accidentally killed it and , as an ironic punishment , almost recieved a wicked electric shock . I am now fully expecting the toaster to avenge his appliance brother and invoke some kind of electronic warfare Skynet style . 
thinks her husband has been held hostage at the comic book store . 
misses her husband . 
is feeling dejected . 
has a mega craving for biscochitos . My coffee is feeling lonely without having something dunked in it . And no , that is not some sort of innuendo for dirty deeds .... or is it ???? 
Whats that you say ? I'm stupid ? Yeah ? Well , your face is stupid ! Haha ! < PROPFEMALE > of Comebacks right here . Btw , no one has said that to me , but I just wanted to put it out there in case anyone was thinking it . It's my sad attempt at being proactive . 
Im guilty of laughing at others pain . Hey , you accidentally shoot yourself in the junk , Im going to laugh . Unintentionally lock yourself in your bedroom 2x's in the same day ( still trying to figure that one out ) , I will laugh . Lose your mind and poo in public ? Oh , let the laughing ensue . I can only hope my future acts of stupidity will bring people that much joy . Thats my new lifes goal . Wish me luck . 
< PROPFIRST > crack corn and I do care . I care , < PROPFIRST > . I care . 
Mediocrity is underrated . 
Welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > . Be prepared to be spoiled . I feel in love with you the first time I saw you . sigh ... babies are awesome ! 
has her eyes on Sunday . It's going to be extremely hard for me to concentrate today . I am still so very excited for the long awaited arrival of my niece ; and truely miss her , my KyKy girl , and my own boy so much . I know I don't say this enough , but I love my family . My parents , sisters , brothers , aunts and uncles , cousins , nieces , and of course < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . I am lucky . 
2 words . WAFFLE SUNDAY ! 
Vacuuming makes me smile . 
Abba-Zabba , you my only friend . 
I had my ' Shut The Hell Up ' face on today . Unfortunatly , some people had their ' < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>' glasses on . 
For years I've been trying to get my boy into the habit of lifting the toilet seat . I had really grown tired of sitting down upon the aftermath of a poorly aimed bladder evacuation . Finally , after hundreds of potty laced seats , he has got it ! Now , if I can only get him to put it back down . I'm tired of falling into the toilet bowl in the middle of the night . 
Is enjoying a day of laundry and B-Rated horror flicks . 
Sweeeeeeet Overtime ! 
just paged out for a ' sproke .... or stroke ' . Belvidere 2 , I'm sorry ... I cant spreak . 
The virus that has implanted itself in my ears , nose , and throat can go eff off . 
Yesterday , I composed an entire essay about the dynamics between a tree and the life cycle of a leaf . After a slient rereading I came to the conclusion that A ) my mind must not function the same as most people , and B ) trees are selfish . Welcome to my world folks . Welcome to my world . 
Happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts , happy thoughts ..... Damn , self-motivation is hard . 
Even while sitting in the waiting room at the doctors office , I cant get away from domestics . Talk a bit louder about your dirty laundry people , I dont think the folks on the 4th floor caught that last part about the STD your cheating husband gave you as a Sweetest Day gift . 
Headed to Walgreens to pick up ANOTHER round of antibiotic to kick whatever Biological Warfare inspired illness that I seemed to pass onto my poor husband . I'm thinking there is a conspiracy between the Health Systems , Insurance Co ., and Walgreens to systematically infect people with viruses to line the Pharmacutical Industries pockets , while paying off the forementioned . Well played , drug pushers 
Holy Horse Pills , Batman ! 
Balls . 
is refusing to let others drive me crazy . I can do that all by myself , thanks . 
In a perfect world , spiders would make little beeping noises as they descend from the ceiling . 
Fairly certain I've been having a heart attack for 24hrs straight . Is that even possible ? I know it sounds completely stupid , but I refuse to go to the doctor 3 times in a 7 day period . So , if I am still alive by Tuesday , back to the dr office I go . 
Weather forecast for Monday morning : Bring your jacket today , folks ! It's going to be cold . Prepare yourself for the bone-chilling freeze due to cold-shoulder treatment . Unfortunatly , even the large amount of hot air in the room just wont be enough to warm yourself today . Also , consider bringing your umbrella , as there is an 80% < PROPMALE > that it will be raining bulls *** . 
coffee 
Hearing S.J.B playing like a broken record , endlessly skipping in my head . 
random words 
I think my calling is to be a misunderstood supervillian . Just saying .... 
another day of laundry and b-rates . I may get fiesty and shampoo the carpets too . You know what ? I may even wash a dish or two ! Spontaneity is the only law we live by in the < PROPMALE > household . Pure pandemonium . 
wishes for lots of hugs from my Mommy today . 
I'm in desperate need for a new book . 
Just finished the final touches on my Halloween costume . In case you are wondering , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > . Well , sort of . I am a < PROPFEMALE > that accidently flew into some top secret government testing facility , was ultimately trapped seeing as how no one opens the damn windows there , and buzzed my way unknownly into some molecular genetics experiment , results being that I am no longer a happy < PROPFEMALE > , but a dispatcher . Off to work I go . 
needs a haircut in the worst way . However , every time I sit down in a stylists chair , I have wicked bad flashbacks of my entire childhood whilst sporting a white girl afro . I still remember people coming up to my mom to tell her what a good-looking SON she had . Anywho , anyone out there know someone who can actually cut naturally curly ? 
loves her boys !! 
Guess the joke's on me 
<-------- Loves the smell of Sharpies . 
someone needs to put a muzzle on me . 
I'm a nice person . Wh-why are you laughing ? I really try very hard to be kind and caring . Sigh ... well , at least I used to be that kind of person . I dont know what I am anymore . 
Only a few more days left in the first trimester for < PROPFIRST > . Looks like he will accomplish something in his first 7 years of life that I never had in all my years of schooling ..... He will have perfect attendance for one 3 month grading period . YAY < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
uuuuughhhhh 
is currently enjoying the scent of bleach and generic lemon pine-sol . Ahhhh , a fragrance only truly appreciated by hospitals patients and people suffering from Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder . 
Anyone up for a breakdown ? 
earned my pay today . Thanks to all the Officers , Deputies , Fire/Emts , first responders , and my fellow dispatchers for all of their hard work . Special shout-out to Pauly Walnuts for taking the day off . You suck :) 
Ok . Today's game plan looks something like this : 1 . Drink lots of coffee 2 . Don't trip over anything . 3 . ( And maybe the most important ) Don't trip over anything while having coffee in hands . After yesterdays 12hrs of office pandemonium , I'm just shooting for an easy-peasy 12 today . 
is updating my fb status while on the can . Don't act like you've never done it ! 
Still OD'ing on Tryptophan . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a maladjusted and neurotic ( yet still utterly delightful ) girl . 
The secret to a happy life is to keep your expectations very very low . 
God , thank you for my loving family , my friends , and my red drop-seat footie pajamas . Especially those footie jammies . Amen . P.S. Also , thank you for copious amounts of Christmas cookies and for the Cowboys win against the Colts . 
is hoping that maybe one fine day I wont have to pay someone to act like they really care about what I say . 
Attention < PROPFEMALE > Downer ! < PROPFEMALE > Downer ! Your ' Pity Party Playset ' is now ready for pick up . Please proceed to the loading area in the rear where our specially trained ' Pity Party Pushers ' are waiting to shove .... er .... load it into your trunk . Once again , we here at Negativity R Us appreciate you continued loyalty . Shop again , and have a terrible day ! 
feels like crap . 
last minute shopping and bag packing day !! 
Megalomaniac . Fun word to say , yet annoying to encounter . 
had an excellent time in Albuquerque ! Not only is the scenery gorgeous , but I spent some much needed quality time with my family . To < PROPFEMALE > , Mom , Dad , Aunties < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and of course , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , I love you all so much and can't wait to see you again ! 
One day I will patent the formula for invisability , as I seemed to have mastered it . 
Is currently waiting patiently in my garage for < PROPMALE > to arrive home . I have no key to get into the house . And yes , I turned the car off before I shut the garage door . Yay me ! 
Cleaning . FUN ! 
Christmas tree down and safely packed away in the basement . I'm sure the spiders that reside down there will be elated to have their comfy home back . It always reminds me of the ol ' < PROPFIRST > in the Box as we open it up the next year . You know there are spiders in there . You know one is gonna pop out . You just dont know when . The anxiety is already giving me a panic attack ! 
Sometimes its Ok to cut yourself a break . 
My bed is calling my name . Can you hear it ? It's saying ' Kaaaaate ! Come keep me warm!' . I'm coming for you , bed !!! 
Awake . Cranky . Fully prepared for another coffee fueled 12hrs of work . 
End of the world May 21st ? Ha ha ! I have that day off work ! Yep , already checked schedule . Take that < PROPFIRST > Camping and your ' all mighty biblical predictions'! Oh , and just for those that believe the end will come on Oct 21st , I just so happen to have that day off too . No way in hell am I dying in my work chair . Unless there is overtime , which in that case I will work . 
I get to see my beautiful neices today !! 
Bored and biting the dry skin off my lips . Just thought I'd let everyone know what I do at work at 03:11 am . 
Two words : Early Day . Woot ! Who's only working 8hrs tonight ? That would be me folks ! Have a great day all !! 
Sooooooo tired . 
would loooooove to be on my way home . Few more minutes and I should be enroute to my warm bed . 
Nothing like making your 7 year old cry as soon as you get home from work . Apparently I tossed an important paper while cleaning his room . Im pretty sure I ruined that poor kids day and killed my ability to sleep . I feel like crap . 
Awake again after what seemed to be a power nap . Last 12hr stretch before the weekend off and back to days ! 
Date night with < PROPFIRST > tonight ! We will be camping out on the aduitorium floor at his school watching Coraline . I'm a happy mama ! 
date night cancelled :( 
Nunzios ! Nunzios ! Nun-zi-ooooooooos !!! Yum ! 
When in doubt , make tacos . 
Is it just a fluke that catnip looks so much like another green leafy substance ? I feel as if I am doing something illegal while buying the treat for the cats . Senario in my head is something like this : ( Scene , Petsmart ) Me sauntering up to the cashier , making eye contact \Pssst . Hey man . Let me get an ounce . \"" 
OK . It's official . I have the cutest neices in the universe ! 
Why do I own hundreds of Vhs tapes when I have no way of watching them ? Most of them have been replaced with Dvds ( which are arranged alphabetically on the shelves ) , and the others are movies I never should have watched in the first place . Cop And A Half is just an example . Yeah , the kid was cute , but really ? < PROPMALE > and his ' stache never would have gone for that . I forgot where I was going with this .... sorry . 
Off to work I go . Peace be with you ...... and everybody Wang < PROPFIRST > . 
I wish I could go back to my bed and warm my icy cold toes on my hubby's legs . I'm fairly positive he hates when I treat him like a heating blanket , but he is always so warm !! Sigh ... Alas , off to work I go instead . 
Girls Day !!! Time to do some shopping and play some slots . I put in a little prayer last night begging for some loose slots . I hope it went through . 
I'm going to make a trip out to michaels . Let's hope I have a better experience than I did the previous times . Flippin Arts-N-Crafts Nazis !!! 
How much snow are we supposed to get ??? Good God ! Night Shift today and tomorrow . Looks like I'll be packing my overnight ( or in this case , daytime ) bag just in case I have to camp out at work . I have this theory that if I over-prepare , nothing will happen . In this case I have prepared my little white booty off , so , fingers crossed !! 
If anyone spots a bright yellow cavalier stuck in the snow around 7am-ish tomorrow , it means that I foolishly attempted to make my way home in a full on snowstorm . I'll probably be alseep inside so please do me a favor and occasionally clear the snow away from the exhaust pipe . Carbon monoxide poisoning is no joke . Thank you .... and shame on you for driving in a blizzard . 
I can still hear phones ringing off the hook and 911 alarms in my sleep . I'm pretty sure I was talking 10 code out loud while I was dreaming . 
KMN !!!! 
Happy birthday , dad !!! Love you 
Ho Chunk been < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > good to me . 
I admit , sometimes I run . Hey , sometimes I hide . You know what else ? Sometimes I'm scared of you . Honestly though , all I really want is to hold you tight , and treat you right . Be with you day and night . Oh , < PROPFEMALE > Spears , your bubble gum pop lyrics will be stuck in my head today . Happy make someone who is not in a relationship feel like crap day !!! 
Uniform on ; check . Lunch made ; check . Being so tired that I run face first into a wall in a house in which I have lived for 4 years ; double check . Thats right . I gave that one a double check because I did it TWICE . Now , where are my car keys ??? 
Had enough . I want to go home . 
will be doing insane amounts of laundry . On the bright side , I will get to enjoy spending time with my 2 favorite girls and the sweetest son in the world !!! 
Feels like doing the \Scarn \"." 
Finished another piece of mediocre < PROPMALE > . Picture in your mind , if you will , a large colorful poo ploop . Thats what I just may call it ...... hmmmmm 
Found a pair of almost identical socks with only a few small holes . Must be my lucky day . 
Good God , my right side hurts . If anyone would like to do some exploritory surgery and take out whatever is making me gimpy , a bag of twizzlers awaits you . 
I'm praying for a \No-County-Browns-Thursday\ " . Fingers crossed . " 
Day full of Kaboom , < PROPFIRST > Appleseed , and just general maddness . 
I'm all dresses up in County Brown . There had better be court today cuz I didn't put this gear on for my health . I feel all .... well ... \responsible\ " in this get-up . No Robot or Running Man for me today . Sigh . " 
Motto of the day : I'm sure it will be funny tomorrow . 
It's still not funny . ( Just a little follow up to my previous status posting ) 
Watched From Within and Exam today . Both great movies . If you have 4 1/2 hrs free , I recommend you waste them watching those movies .... or not . 
I wish I were a lil bit taller , ya'll . 
is waiting for normalcy ..... 
Angry Birds at 0452 . Yep . That's my life , folks . 
Regardless of the flack I may get from people , or all BS talking that goes on behind my back , it won't change the fact that my family comes FIRST . Always have and always will . 
Craving IHOP pancakes with blueberry syrup . 
The Snozberries taste like Snozberries !! Sigh ... I want tasty wallpaper . < PROPMALE > Wonka had it made . 
Sixlets cure everything . Sad ? Eat some sixlets . Upset stomach ? Eat some sixlets . Robbed at gunpoint ? Eat some sixlets . More fun than Mentos . 
Last 12hrs before switching back to days . Tonight will be the night that never ends . I'm severely unprepared for the bordem . 
<------- Queen of TellsCrappyJokesThatNoOneUnderstandsLand 
Just want to thank my husband for the wicked cool < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > t-shirt , glass , and incredible artist print of her . Also , green lantern belt buckle ! Happy girl !! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > had a fantastic time at C2E2 yesterday . Thanks to < PROPMALE > the Pirate ( a.k.a. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) for keeping the boys out of trouble ! 
Being a procrastinator isn't a crime , you know . According to some professionals , delaying your response can prove to be ..... hold that thought . Maury Povich is on . Yes !! Paternity results . I'll finish this later . 
Needs to find the off switch on this crazy mind of mine . 
