So Leela : Do you wanna be like us ? Or do you wanna be like Adalay , with no serious mental or social problems whatsoever ? 

watched the Bengals snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . 
is on his way back to OSU . 
is getting everything set up in THE sickest triple at Ohio State . 
is working on Physics 133 , then MechEng 410 , Engraph 167 , Jap 101.01 , filling out job applications , and writing a thank-you note for a scholarship . Food and sleep are overrated . 
The Greek Pantheon : Zeus , god of the heavens . Poseidon , god of the seas . Hades , god of the dead . Peyton Manning , god of football . 
The Bengals are 4-1 and Obama won a Nobel Prize without accomplishing one dang thing . This week is just full of wonders . 
thanks the College of Engineering for letting him find out for himself 6 weeks into the quarter that Physics 133 is no longer required for CEEGS . 
thinks that the Domino's Pizza Tracker is one of the sweetest things ever . < PROPFIRST > put my pizza in the oven at 11:10 PM . 
really hates Physics 133 along with the rest of Ohio State's complete trash physics program . 
Ouch ME410 midterm . 
is gonna get some Dominoes pizza to turn this day around . 
maybe just aced his matlab midterm ? 
is ready to be really annoying with his new PS3-Facebook trophy updates ! 
has a 7:30 am Physics final . Where can I find this \ 7:30 am\ " ? Does it hurt ? " 
Lord , the universe You created and Your laws that govern it are amazing . But I don't understand them at all . R.I.P. Physics 133 final . 
JAPANESE FINAL ! SHOURYUUKEN ! ??????!! 
Holy frozen water , Batman ! It's cold and snowing ! 
thinks the < PROPMALE>'s Inferno demo was epic . 
OH . MY . GOSH . B- in Physics ? No C's ??? 3.338 CGPA ?? WIN ! 
????????! 
Adventure Time coming to Cartoon Network in twenty ten ? Awesome ! 
11 hours into Dragon Age I find out that there are like 2 missable recruitable characters , and one of them is the only one I cared about . And thus a new save file was born ... and the first one shall rot for eternity ... 
Walkin round the beautiful city of Indianapolis this fine New Year's < PROPFEMALE > night . 
Da ba < PROPFIRST > da ba die 
doesn't think it's just coincidence that Zoidberg here is desperately poor and miserably lonely . Pulease ... 
is just gonna throw this out there : When a person becomes a fan of something or joins a group for something else over a dozen times a day , is there any meaning to it ? Are they actually expressing anything about themselves or just mindlessly clicking Facebook links ? 
COLTS ! 
likes the new Facebook just fine , suck it everybody else . 
shakes off the two hours of sleep and dutifully makes his way to class . Life is good . 
\You sold me ... queer giraffes . \"" 
Gorgeous day in < PROPMALE > , finally ! 
Nah , but seriously . Don't take Math 415 . It WILL take years off your life and possibly that of your firstborn son . 
just had his mind blown by The Butterfly Effect . 
Two down , Niisan . 
???????????????????? 
I had heard of you by the hearing of the ear , but now my eye sees you ; therefore I despise myself , and repent in dust and ashes . 
I hope birds don't have the capacity to make friends , cuz if they do , there's a sad little bird by Smith Hall who just watched his friend get pwned by a hawk . 
This week is going to be one of the hardest to date , but I give thanks to God for the hard times , where I can't do it on my own and call out to Him . 
just opened a package of Ritz Sandwich Crackers , and to his dismay , found two crackers with no peanut butter nestled betwixt them ... this is a sad day . 
just finished that same package of Ritz Sandwich Crackers and is quite upset to report that not one , but two separate pairs of crackers contained no peanut butter nestled betwixt them ... fully 50% of my Ritz-related expectations have been unfulfilled . 
is thankful for Sanctus Real late at night when doing Mechanical Engineering homework . 
Behold , God is great , and we know him not ; the number of his years is unsearchable . For he draws up the drops of water ; they distill his mist in rain , which the skies pour down and drop on mankind abundantly . Can anyone understand the spreading of the clouds , the thunderings of his pavilion ? 
And now no one looks on the light when it is bright in the skies , when the wind has passed and cleared them . Out of the north comes < PROPFEMALE > splendor ; God is clothed with awesome majesty . 
is back from the Southeast camping trip . In other news , 45-ft < PROPMALE > jumps are awesome . 
The results of my endeavors have satisfactorily harmonized with the forecast that I generated and acted upon in accordance to a detailed analysis of the situation at hand and the desired goals that were stated by key stakeholders and interested parties at the outset of the events that previously unfolded . - JUST AS PLANNED . 
Am I the only one who witnessed the death of productivity over the weekend ? Suddenly the thought of 2 projects , a term paper , and 5 exams doesn't seem quite as manageable ... 
Times are hard here at pre-exam week . As evidenced by < PROPMALE>'s \AAAAAHHHH My laptop's eating my paper !!! \ " * pulls piece of paper through the slit in the laptop's hinges * " 
ME420 final is over , time to go back to bed for a couple hours ... 
Oh Lord , you are my God ; I will exalt you ; I will praise your name , for you have done wonderful things , plans formed of old , faithful and sure . 
wa konban made benkyoo-suru . Ganbaru ! 
Recent studies show that brushing your teeth with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > not only doesn't reduce plaque and tarter buildup , but may in fact increase your chances of gum cancer by up to 68% . 
Fear not , for I have redeemed you ; I have called you by name , you are mine . When you pass through the waters , I will be with you ; and through the rivers , they shall not overwhelm you ; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned , and the flame shall not consume you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Haller's crazy song and dance makes my day at work infinitely better . 
is really excited for Force Unleashed II . 
To anyone worried about whether < PROPFIRST > and I would get our hands on a PS1 memory card ... mission success . 
is about to drive to Ironton , see you all in a few days ! 
I see your game , Zappos.com . You told me 4-5 days shipping so you could overnight my shoes and impress me . And so I say to you ... I am impressed . 
is home after 3 days of solid work , finally off tomorrow ... 
Why , thank you Spike TV . How did you know it had been far too long since I watched Return of the Jedi ? 
This is my < PROPFEMALE > , consume me like a fire . 
Playing God of War has made me realize just how many GoW clones have been made in the past few years . 
is going for a run ... 
?????????????????????????? 
has nothing to do , so he guesses he'll go for a midnight run ...? 
is going biking at Miami Whitewater . 
Action Group Retreat begins today ! I'll be at the Hof around 2 to cast off . 
Retreat was awesome , just what I needed to jumpstart the heart and wake the sleeper inside . 
hates the fact that Inception won't make it to DVD/Blu < PROPFIRST > until December .... 
Packing today , back to Cbus tomorrow . 
First Real Life of the school year , tonight at 8 p.m. 
Just finished the first real meal that everyone in the apartment shared . Taco night , huge success . 
The heart of man plans his way , but the Lord establishes his steps . 
is feeling ambitious . Morning run tomorrow ? 
Going for a High-King-Neil-Lane lap ' round campus . 
The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases ; His mercies never come to an end . 
That's like the saddest thing ever ... after failing to get myself up for a morning run all week , today was the day ; I got up , got dressed , put in my contacts , ate breakfast , stretched out my legs , opened up the door and ... rain . 
Phone is temporarily bricked . Facebook may be the best way to communicate with me in the mean time . 
Fear not , little flock , for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom . 
Be watchful , stand firm in the faith , act like men , be strong . Let all that you do be done in love . -1 Cor . 16:13 
has a working phone again ! Unfortunately , I lost my < PROPFIRST > , so shoot me a text with your name when you get the < PROPMALE > . 
started the weekend off right with a jog ' round campus . 
You get one shot at the show , and if you don't make it , it's back to cleaning the barometers . 
So that lab report turned out to be a < PROPMALE > bit longer than I had originally anticipated ... operation four hours of sleep commences ... now ! 
Let me hear in the morning of your steadfast love , for in you I trust . Make me know the way I should go , for to you I lift up my soul . 
Nihongo no oraru intabiuu ga daizyoobu desita . Kyoo wa made de , yokatta desu nee ... 
Time to start my two lab reports , due tomorrow . Haha , gonna be a good , long night . 
Lab report is done , time to whisk it away to Hitchcock Hall into the professor's mailbox before 5 p.m. ! 
Finally , all my obligations are taken care of until finals . All clear until the Holiday Pops tonight ! 
Making spaghetti , aw yeah . 
????????????????????????????????????????????? \ 
\ 
( There's a college Japanese class exam tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. , I'm studying . Google-translate if you want something hilariously wrong . ) 
Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths , but only such as is good for building up , as fits the occasion , that it may give grace to those who hear . 
Yes , and I will rejoice . 
Back in Cbus airport waiting for my wonderful sister ! 
Christ < PROPFEMALE > s movies and ice cream avec < PROPFEMALE > famille . Doesn't get any better . 
Joyeux < PROPFIRST > ! 
Two things I hate in this world above all others : chem labs and needles . And now I'm using needles in my chem lab ... 
Thank goodness for computers and their ability to solve hours of tedious equations with just a few simple code changes . 
Your hurt is incurable , and your wound is grievous . There is none to uphold your cause , no medicine for your wound , no healing for you . Why do you cry out over your hurt ? Your pain is incurable . [ But ] I will restore health to you , and your wounds I will heal , declares the Lord . 
Isn't great that due to being in < PROPMALE>' freezing temperatures for the past couple weeks , a day that's 48 and partial sun feels like 78 and I feel the need to go running so as not to waste the \great weather \"?" 
Going for a run . 
???????????? 
Going for an afternoon stroll with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . 
