Hope everyone had fun last night !! < PROPFIRST > got shitfaced and now is sick . lol . Sux to be him !! :) 

Live for today , not the future . 
Going to fill in @ work . Trenedy's 2nd day of preschool is tomorrow . She's so excited !! 
If you don't judge me , I won't judge you . Just remember , we all get judged in the end . 
Gonna go pick Trenedy up from preschool :) Then off to the doctors ... just what i want to do ... :( 
Geting ready to put Trenedy to bed . Tomorrow's another day . Wish this cold would go away ! :( 
Taking it easy today . 
It's so nice out today !! Maybe we'll go for a walk . :) 
A whole lotta shit , different day ... lol 
Life is what you make of it 
Watchin a movie . Trenedy's at Preschool . 
Tomorrows Friday ! Yay ! Not that I have anything planned ! lol 
not doing much 
Looks miserable and cold outside . 
Trenedy has a Holloween Party to go to on Sunday . The Advantages of school ... 
It snowed today ... unusual weather for September ... 
Going to get some things at the store . Deciding on what to do this weekend . 
The lessons learned in life are learned the hard way . 
going to the Holloween party 
Not doing much . Just got done popping the brownies in the oven , and changed the cat box . Going to the Coplay parade tomorrow . Hope it's not too cold out . 
Going to the Coplay Parade tonight . Northampton's is on Thursday , then Bath's next Tuesday . 
It's so nice out today ! Tomorrow is supposed to be nicer ! Can't wait ! 
Going to Northampton's parade tonight . Have a lot to do this weekend ! 
Birthday party today . Then , off to do nothing . Was gonna go to the pumpkin patch , but it's raining . 
Doing absolutely nothing . Kinda bored ... 
Folding laundry . Gotta get Trenedy up for school in 12 minutes . Let my day begin ! 
Meatloaf tonight . Maybe ham tomorrow . Undecided yet . Gonna take Trenedy to the park a little later . Bath parade tomorrow . 
Pissed off at the world ... plain and simple . 
Trick or treat is on Friday , Then again on Saturday . She's gonna have < PROPFEMALE > much < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just got up . Still tired ... Had a long day yesterday . Tomorrow is Trick or treat . 
So , just got home . Have a headache ... too mny kids screaming ! lol 
Trick or treat tonight . Trenedy is a cheerleader . We have trick or treat tomorrow night too . < PROPFEMALE > much < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Running to walmart for a last minute thing ... I hate when things just pop up . 
Trenedy got so much < PROPFEMALE > last night . Going today again . 
< PROPFEMALE > much to do , so little time to do it in ... Doesn't help that I watched a movie . :) 
Going to bed . Sooo tired ... 
laundry , pick up Trenedy , then bowling . 
Taking Trenedy to the park . 
Doing a load of laundry . < PROPFIRST > had an interview today for public works . Hope it gets it !! 
Not doing much . Trenedy's watching Spiderman 3 . 
Gotta pick < PROPFIRST > up from the vet at 5 . He got neutered today . No baby makin for him ! lol 
Laundry day ... I do laundry alot it seems ... 
Happy that < PROPFIRST > got the job ! 
Going bowling . Trenedy's @ her grandmas tonight . If shes bad , no more sleeping at gramdmas 
Just got done making out my grocery list . Grocery shopping tomorrow . How fun ... lol 
Took < PROPFIRST > to work . Now just have to take Trenedy to school @ 9 . 
Getting ready to go to my moms 
Doing absolutly nothing ... Kinda bored ... 
Just got home from taking my mom to her doctor's appointment . 
Getting ready to go to work ... how fun !! lol 
Tired . Going to bed ... just waiting on < PROPFIRST > . 
Trenedy has school pictures today . 
Now I'm curious ... lol :) 
Taking Trenedy to school . Let the day begin ! 
< PROPFIRST > will be home in an hour and a half for his lunch . Time is going fast today . :) 
making dinner then off to bowling . 
Making cookies today ... yum ! lol 
Don't feel good today ... :( 
Baking < PROPFIRST > a birthday cake . :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !! :) 
Trenedy got to ride in a firetruck today . 
< PROPFIRST > just got done cleaning our closet . I'm gonna be starting dinner soon . Spare ribs ! Yum ! 
Christmas will be here sooner than we think . It's around that time that I start baking a bunch of crap ! lol 
Trenedy didn't go to school today . She didn't feel well . It's way too cold out anyways . =) 
Can't believe Christmas is almost here ! 
We have Shealynn tonight . Have to take them to school tomorrow . 
Heard that you wouldn't care if you ever saw me again . I'm better than that . If you think that it hurts , your wrong . It just shows me the type of person you really are . Just know that I will always love you . Regardless of what you say about me . 
Went to Kevins match last night . He did good ! 
Snow tomorrow . I think they are calling for 3-6 inches . They are leaning towards the 6 inch < PROPFIRST > though . < PROPFIRST > will be out working . 
< PROPFEMALE > Parade is today . Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to come . :) 
< PROPFIRST > has bowling tonight . 2 more gifts to buy then I'm done . yay ! 
Have to go to Giants . Making Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner tomorrow night , then church . 
Hope everyone had a great christmas ! 
Playing the waiting game ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s working so I can finally clean ! lol 
Getting ready to put Trenedy to bed . Then gonna wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home from bowling . We finally get to spend time together , just us . 
1 more hour until < PROPFIRST > comes home . He just brightens my day . :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s home sick . There goes my New Year party . :( 
Getting ready end this year with getting my drink on . Have a safe and Happy New Year !! :) 
Playing Wii with the family . I suck at it . lol 
< PROPFIRST > just came home . Yay ! He really does make my day ! 
Another day with a headache . This cold just won't go away . 
Getting ready to pick Trenedy up form school . Time goes by so quickly ... 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me ! This should be fun ! 
I don't forgive people because I'm weak . I forgive them because I'm strong enough to know that people make mistakes . 
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still finds you completly amazing . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , because they're idiots . They're just too stupid to know how to copy and paste . 
Not doing much . Just gonna go get something to eat . 
Playing the Wii with < PROPFIRST > . 8 ) 
I love my mom ! ? ? ? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > . 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my kids . They may not be perfect but they are mine and I LOVE THEM UNCONDITIONALLY ! 
Another day . Can't wait until July !! 
By the way , your welcome for the picture I sent you . 
My life has had ups and downs , but I wouldn't trade it for the world . 
If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love mine ? ? ? 
Doing some laundry , then off to do whatever ! 8 ) 
1 in the morning and Trenedy is still up . Ugh ... Why won't she sleep !!! 
What was the #1 song when you were born ? Google it , look it up , and post as your status ! Mine was \On My Own\ " < PROPFEMALE > LaBelle and < PROPFIRST > McDonald " 
So bored ... Gonna start lunch soon . < PROPFIRST > will be home for luch soon as well . Can't wait ! 8 ) 
Ok so , might have to have Trenedy's birthday party the last weekend in March . Her birthday is the day before Easter this year . Not sure where to have it yet ... 
It should be a sin to get up this yearly ... 
Still not snowing ... wtf .. 8 ( 
Just came in from outside with the girls . 
Going to bed . Don't feel well ... :( 
I'm tired , Trenedy is still up and < PROPFIRST > has to be @ work for the begining of snow removal by 4 am . Uggh ... The overtime he makes is good though ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Best Dance Crew . 
Got our Income Tax today ! New car , here we come !! lol 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together . < PROPFIRST > and I were together for 7 yrs . 
Hope everyone had a great < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Out and about today . Don't really like sitting @ home . 
I've been up since 5:45 today . I'm tired and cranky . :( It should seriously be a sin to get up that early ! 
To the world , you might be 1 person . But to 1 person , you might be the world . =) 
Its my life , Imma do what I do . And if you dont like it , its cool , fuck you . 
do not know what is up with my phone ... can not recieve text messages . ughh ... 
sooo funny . Idk why I keep logging in here ! Possibly becase i cant text anyone ... 
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task , since it consists principally in dealing with men . 
gonna be putting Trenedy to bed soon . Its been a long day .... 
< PROPFIRST > will be home for lunch any minute . Gonna make grilled cheese I think ... 
gonna be taking Trenedy to school in a couple of minutes 
Don't fix what isn't broken 
< PROPFIRST > will be home in a couple of minutes . Trenedy gets registered for Kindergarden on the 26th ! She's getting so big . Time flies to fast ! 
A child is the happy memories of the past , the joyful moments of the present , and the hope and promise of the future . 
A child is the happiest memories of the past , the joyful moments of the present , and the hope and promise of the future . 
Goning to fill in for my brither while he's at Regionals . Good luck Kj ! :) 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away 
Going to a birthday party . Trenedy will be 5 in 27 more days ! Can't wait !!! 8 ) 
Another nice day out ! The weather is def . spoiling me . Tomorrow through monday they want rain . :( I'm def gonna miss the sun ... 
Gonna take Trenedy to the park since its decent outside , while I still can ! 
Sooo bored !! This offically sux ... I hate having nothing to do ... 
Going to pick Trenedy up from Preschool . 
Painted my mom's dining room and stairwell last night . Didn't get home till 3 am . 
Laundry , then , outside before the rain comes tomorrow and Tuesday . I'm so tired of the rain . Only 4 more months till we go to Texas ! Can't wait !! 
So , we are moving Trenedy's party to Friday night cause we are going to Baltimore Saturday and Sunday . 
Had a decent day today . I'm going to bed now . I shouldn't even be up this late considering that Trenedy has school tomorrow . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends ' first concert was . Copy and paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence . Mine was < PROPFEMALE > Spears and 98 Degrees at Allentown Fair . lol 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ... because GREAT men are few and far between , and I am blessed to have one ? ? 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
Sitting outside . Sooo nice out ! Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home from bowling . 
Got the internet back on . switched providers . 
My little sister , 2 , says \ Hi Esha\ " lol . so cute ! " 
leaving for York . 
Very boring today . Raining outside ... Seriously , where is the sun ?? 
ok , still bored . Serioulsy cant wait for July to come !! 3 months till we leave for Texas !! 
getting Trenedy's bath water ready . Then out to do some grocery shopping . 
So , Trenedy's preschool gradutation is the 26th of this month . then in 3.5 months she starts kindergarden !! =) 
Happy Mother's day to all the mommies and mommies to be !! Enjoy your day !! =) 
Trenedy graduates preschool , Wednesday the 26th @ 11:00 am . Let me know by Thursday night if you want to go so I can tell them how many adults ! =) 
Getting ready to pick Trenedy up from peschool 
Everytime you think you're finally out of a hole , you end up falling into another one that is 2x bigger than the one you just came out of . Can never get ahead . :/ 
Mr. Sun ... sun ... Mr. Gloden sun ... please shine down on me !!! lol I love this weather ! =) 
So , Monday is Trenedy's last day for preschool ! Getting ready for her graduation on Wednesday ! So excited ! :) 
Don't you just love when you tell someone something that you want to do , and then they go and do it and then proceed to rub it in your face ? Pisses me off ... :/ 
Today was Trenedy's last day of Preschool !! Now , just the graduation on Wednesday !! Yay ! 
We had a busy weekend . Wedding on Saturday , then picnic on Sunday . Cleaning house today , then hopefully outside . :) 
So , carnival today ... just don't know which one . Fullerton or Hockey ... 
So it was $15 for a wrist band for trenedy @ the carnival . It was worth it though . She actually got on all the rides exceptfor the big ferris wheel . Oh , and now she is officially a cheerleader . She starts July sometime . :) 
On my way to take < PROPFIRST > to his 2nd job 
Omg ... so bored . Im reduced to playing solitaire ... ugh 
Awake ... and my back hurts ... cant wait till tomorrow !! 
Bored ... on my way to the airport 
Sitting outside . Going to hit up the liquar store with < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Out with my cuz ... gonna get our drink on !! Lol 
@ hammerheads . So dead here . Gonna go somewhere else soon . 
Grad party today . If u wanna talk text me . 484 538 6069 
Pissed ... well pissed aint the word for it . :/ How come nothing is like it should be ? 
Happy fathers day to all the fathers that actually take care of there responsibilities . 
@ the mall with < PROPFIRST > trenedy and kj . Old navy later with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sitting outside , kids in the pool and just lovin every minute :) 
Pool tomorrow , out friday and maybe saturday . Im turning into such an alcoholic . Lol 
Cleaning then pool . Unsure of the rest of the day . 
@ the pool . Beach tomorrow :) this is why i love the summer ! 
Change of plans . No beach tomorrow . Ill go back to the pool if i have to . 
Awake and out of bed . Back to the pool @ noon . 
On our way to beltsville . I know , we are always changing our minds lol 
On our way home . Enough for one day :) 
Fuckin phone aint working right . At least on fb . Text me 484 538 6069 :) 
facebook dont work . Text me 484 538 6069 
Oh shit facebook finally works ! See , a little bitching goes a long way lol 
Sitting inside . 2 words : air condition . 
Sittin outside since it got cooler . 
24 today ! Pool , shopping then out . Today is turning out to be a fun day ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !! :) 
Ready to go out . Text me :) 
Sitting here feeling bad about everything . Thanx ... 
Just bought an ice cream from the ice cream man lol 
Tired . didnt sleep last night . Im gonna try to go to bed early . 
Taking it easy today ... a little better then yesterday 
So my everyone went back to tx :( what am i gonna do without < PROPFEMALE > ?? :( my life is gonna be so boring now ... 
Awake and out of bed ... another hot one ... 
When all is said and done , i will b the one , to leave u in the misery and hate what you've become .... 
Last one to go to bed and up before everyone else . apparently , i dont like to sleep ... 
Gettin ready for < PROPFIRST > to take me to Beckys Drive In to see Eclipse : ) so excited ...... cant wait : ) 
At the park with trenedy , then to < PROPFEMALE>'s drive in :) 
At beckys drive in . waiting for eclipse to start :) 
< PROPFIRST > caught a mouse today lol its outside now lol 
Its absolutely beautiful outside ! Not sure what we r gonna do for the rest of the day :) 
Sitting here at the barber waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get done 
Hopped out of the bed , turn my swag on , took a look in the mirror , said whats up ... :) 
Sitting on a hill and waiting for the cementon fireworks to start :) did i mention i was cold ?? Lol 
So last night was very ... interesting lol :-) 
This time i need a soldier , a boy that knows how to take care of me , wont be just comin over ... lol i like that song :-) 
Another predicted heat wave ... 
Sitting outside watching trenedy do her sparklers ... 1 box down , 11 more to go :-) 
Woke up with a uti ... joy ... kyle just went down to giant to get me cranberry juice 
Nothings official yet , but me and < PROPFIRST > might be going on a cruise :) 
I found , the closest thing to heaven , thats in u . i found , the deepest love i knew . I believe , yes its true , I found myself , when i found u 
Watching maury . All i got to say is these girls would know who their baby daddy is , if they would stop spreading their legs for every guy that comes on to them 
So its gonna be hot again , im not complaining but a little rain would be nice ... 
Just got done hanging up some laundry on the line . Now , sitting on the porch waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home . 
I dont give a damn about what other people think , or worry about what they say , so what do ya think about that ? :) 
Just about to take a shower and then make < PROPFIRST > lunch for when he comes home :) 
Sitting outside today . Today is much better than yesterday . Its still hot though :) 
This breeze feels soooo nice ! :-) 
So , im up . what more do want from me ? Lol 
Dear cramps , Once again u unleashed ur wrath on me ... so fuck u . im gonna medicate myself until i cant feel u no more ... 
My wish for u , is that this life becomes all that u want it too . ur dreams stay big , ur worries stay small , u never need to < PROPFEMALE > more than u can hold 
So gonna go see the northampton fireworks tonight . then home to put trenedy tp bed . 
Northampon fireworks : where the hell was the grande fanalie ?? coplay was waaayyyy better . kinda disappointed :( 
Like < PROPFIRST > said , \it is what it is\ " lol " 
i dont know ... lets just say im left in the dark again ... what a life i have ... 
À my moms . 
Going back up to my moms for a little . then who knows ... :-) 
So i reopened my belly button piercing today . it hurt and took forever but i did it :-) 
Kinda pissed today . u said what u said , then want to turn it around on me ? im just doing what u told me to do ... whatever : 
I did the laundry last night , cleaned today , still have 2hrs till < PROPFIRST > comes home and i have no idea what to do ... Got to love it :-) lol 
Just waiting for my baby to come home from work . :) i love u hunny !! :-) 
Minus the rain , its a pretty good day so far 
Just waiting for < PROPFIRST > to pick us up . have to go cash his check and be broke again lol 
Trying to grocery shop with $47 . lol 
Going to be taking < PROPFIRST > back to work then off to clean out the < PROPFIRST > :) 
So the < PROPFIRST > is clean , some laundry is done and now gonna make some lunch for me and trenedy :) < PROPMALE > and cheese ... yummy lol 
Chicken and buttermilk buiskets for dinner . Going to start it right after < PROPFIRST > gets home from work :) 
Laundry : check / clean van : check / breakfast , lunch , dinner : check / cleaned up : check/ relaxing time : / notice how its not checked ... yeah ... 
People make messes then dont clean them up . once again < PROPFEMALE > gets stuck with double of what she's supposed to have :/ 
Its just one of those days ... :( 
Job interview on monday :) 
Sitting around looking at 4 walls ... fun ... i have no idea what we're gonna do today 
If we r gonna make this work , u got to let me inside even though it hurts . Dont hide the broken parts that i need to see . Like it or not it the way its gotta be 
At the park with trenedy and < PROPFIRST > . after this , fishing for a little :) 
Cleaning and laundry . interview later today . :) 
Done cleaning . now getting ready for my interview . 
Making steak and broccoli and cheese . : ) yummy . Lol 
Got caught in the rain literally . we r soaked ! 
Tv guy should be here soon . 
At the junk yard with my brother ... another one bites the dust lol 
At the library with < PROPFIRST > and trenedy . Story time today . Trenedy enjoys it : ) 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get done working . : ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s gonna atempt to pull trenedy's tooth . its really really loose lol 
Treat ur woman like a lady , ur never too old to call her baby . Never let ur prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy 
just got done cleaning . Seems like thats all i do . It comes with parenthood . I wouldnt trade it for the world . :) 
Thank god its friday ! The weekend is just about here ... not that im doing anything lol 
Walked to the park with trenedy . its so hot out ! 
In life , the road may fork . So drive carefully . Lol 
Sometimes , u have to admit ur weaknesses . 
Bedtime . goodnight ! :) 
On our way home . crazy drivers and wet roads dont mix well . lol 
Trying to find the cheepest air flight to and from texas 
Getting ready to head over to my dads 
Sitting outside of kyles work waiting for him to get off . then off to my moms to put more of their fence up . 
Sitting outside . waiting for my mom to get home . hangin out here for a while , then back home : ) 
Trenedy is sleeping at my moms tonight . Its about time we get alone time !! : ) 
I like to play with it , squeeze it like a stress ball ... lmfao . u had to be there lol 
At my moms picking trenedy up . feel like crap today .... 
Tv guy fucked up our tv ... wtf ... thank u samsung for the wonderful tv repair man ... only happens to us 
Gettin ready for bed . Moms again tomorrow . Have a lot to do 
I got beauty , i got heart , keep my head in them books , im sharp but u dont care to know im smart . theres nothin not to love about me lol 
Right now , i just want to hop out of this < PROPFIRST > and say fuck u .... uuuggghhh !! 
Trenedy's tooth just fell out\ First cell : ) " 
On the way to take my mom to the doctors : ) 
At the doctors with pop . Then home to make lunch and eventually clean so i dont have to do it saturday or sunday . Friday is finally here ! 
Im tired of all this shit ... seriously , this aint gonna work if u keep actin like u do ... uuuggghhh !!!! 
I wanna know what love is ... i want u to show me . i wanna feel what love is ... i know u can show me . 
Doin some laundry . Mom cut trenedy's hair . it looks nice : ) 
Painting moms living room floor . Needs two coats , only on the first . second coat should go right on : ) 
Cleaning really good . moving everything out . 1 room down , 5 more to go . 
Headache today ... ugh . i wish this sinus infection would just go away ... 
Ham's done and cut . Potatoes will be on soon , followed by a veggy . 
On my way to kmart 
1/2 hr till < PROPFIRST > gets home : ) 
And so u know the way it feels 2 cry , the way that i cried when u broke my world in 2 . I know a way 2 break ur heart . I learned from the best , i learned from u 
I am up waayy to early . this should seriously be a crime lol 
Just got done with the laundry and shampooing the floors : ) Pool later 
At the pool with trenedy : ) 
Im tired and smell like the pool ... gotta make it through the rest of the day ... 
Trenedys 2nd tooth just fell out : ) 
Watching victorious with trenedy 
Ur like a < PROPFEMALE > store , im a toddler , u got me wanting more : ) 
Up but still tired ... 3:30 cant come any faster ... 
U got spark , u got spunk , u got somethin all the girls want : ) 
Toasted pb&j for lunch ... mmm yummy lol 
On my way to the poconos 
Outside ... dont know what to do ... 
Taking trenedy for a walk . perfect day for one !! 
Trenedy went to bed early tonight . < PROPFIRST > and I finally had some quality time . I'm tired and i'm going to bed . Goodnight everyone ! : ) 
Im up an soooo hungry !!! lol 
Sitting outback watching trenedy play on her swing set . 
Starting the meat loaf and waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home 
I hate when u talk to someone and when they reply its nothin but attitude ... seriously .. wtf i didnt do anything to u !! 
Have such a headache . had it all last night too . Its just one of those days where u would rather stay in bed 
left over's for dinner . Too hot to cook 
Watching ice age : < PROPFEMALE > of the dinosaurs with trenedy and < PROPFIRST > 
Shower , then gonna mop the kitchen and bathroom . house work will be done then ! : ) 
At the pool : ) 
Ive been up since 5 , and didnt start a damn thing ... maybe if this sinus infection would go away ... 
Laundry 
No hunny , ur penis isnt going to get any bigger . the only thing u get to look forward to is it shrinking down to a prune and ur balls hanging between ur knees 
Fishin with the family : ) 
Yardsale ... 
< PROPMALE > e cheese : ) 
Watched drag me to hell last night with < PROPFIRST > . i swear , i've seen it before 
On the way over to the hospital . i think trenedy has a uti : ( 
No uti ... but somethin else is going on .... im not likin it 
Trenedy starts her bible school today . we have to be there by 5:45 and pick her back up at 8 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off for lunch 
Drs with kyle ... hopefully nothins torn 
Just got done cleaning . now what to do ... 
Sitting in the church waiting for trenedys bible camp to end for the day : ) 
Taking trenedy to her last day of bible camp . ice cream party today :) 
Mom's birthday party today : ) 
So trenedy got her letter for kindergarten . she's in the p.m class , which is good for her considering i still cant get her to go to bed at a decent time 
Getting ready to go pick up my brother ¡ the airport : ) 
So < PROPFIRST>'s out for < PROPMALE > least another week 
Have to take < PROPFIRST > to his mri appointment ¡ 11:30 , then off to get trenedy's school supplies 
More mri's tomorrow . 
Takin < PROPFIRST > for his 2nd batch of mri's at 1 today . then more laundry . gonna try to get out today 
Pool a little later ... maybe 
¡ community days 
Its been a long day ... i didnt know that i was gonna stand in line for over an hour , so trenedys could get her face painted , and almost get in a fight ... awesome 
¡ trenedy's very first dentist appointment 
Sitting in the waiting room waiting for < PROPFIRST > to be called back 
< PROPFIRST > goes back to work tuesday . 
U got to love urself before u could ever love me 
back from Kindergarten orentation 
Cleaning today while < PROPFIRST > goes to work for 3-4 hrs . 
Shool shopping here we come ! : ) 
Reading the paper and getting breakfast ready : ) 
On this day , 2 yrs ago , i married my best friend . Happy anniversary hunny ! I love u ! :) 
Today is trenedy's 1st day of kindergarten ! 
Off to school she went !! 
Trenedy has been in bed since 8 , < PROPFIRST > is passed out on the couch and im still , apparently , a maid ... ugh ! Little help from the couch potato please !! :/ 
Ppl always seem to amuse me ... im not even gonna waste my breath :) 
Waiting for trenedy's bus to come 
Park for a little , then home to bath trenedy and put her to bed . 
A little chilly today . Not too bad though . summer is getting farther and farther away : ( 
It's quarter after one , i'm all alone and i need u now . said i wouldnt call , but i lost all control , and i need u now : ) 
I dont know what tomorrow will bring , but whatever it is , i'm ready for it 
¡ the park with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , trenedy and < PROPMALE > : ) then home so trenedy can watch icarly 
Cleaning . what else is there to do on a rainy day ? 
All that bull shits for the birds . U aint nothin but a volture 
Almost time to put trenedy on the bus 
gonna take Trenedy to the park for a little 
Just got back from the park with trenedy and kj . she better be tired tonight ! 
Went on a bike ride with kj . my legs hurt : ( lol 
Almost bedtime for my little < PROPFIRST > of sunshine ! morning comes all too soon 
Just got Trenedy's first fundraiser 
Gonna be nice today ! after school , we're gonna take Trenedy to the park . let the weekend begin !! 
It's sooo nice out today !! Definitly getting outside when Trenedy gets home !! : ) 
On a walk with kj 
Walking back from style's park : ) 
Cleaning . i know its late , but id rather do it now then when my 4yr old sister gets here tomorrow . Fun day at the park with the girls tomorrow !! 
Ugh what a day ... wake up with a headache and my nose is stuffy . I thought i got over this ... :( 
At the park with trenedy , shealynn and aleah . let them burn some energy !! 
Some things never change . depending on the circumstance , it can either be a good thing , or a bad thing ; but sometimes when its a bad thing , we still cant let go 
Me and < PROPFIRST > took the girls to the park . now i have to hear them whine on how hot they r ... geez ! U never win !! Lol 
Had a long weekend ... now that trenedy is in bed , i can relax a little 
Kinda bored . was up at 6 so all my cleaning was done by 8 . 
My moms dog had 9 puppies yesterday . 
My tushie is going to bed ... morning comes way to fast 
Cold ... me and trenedy both have it : ( 
Meet the teacher night is tonight . Trenedy has her first quiz today ! She should do good on it . we studied 15 minutes evernight for a week . 
So found out last night that trenedy has geometry . Not to mention social studies , science , along with the reading and writing 
Now that i have no more interuptions , i guess i can finally start my cleaning 
My cleaning is done : ) now to enjoy the weekend !! 
Life is like the game of monopoly . Depending on ur role , some will collect 200 , some will take alot of chances , some will go directly to jail and 1 will always get a free ride . So don't cheat life because when it's ur turn to role , in the end , u may lose everything u own . -- < PROPFIRST > reaser 
Dont treat ur relationship like glass . Just because it's chipped or broken , it doesn't mean it can't be fixed 
Im < PROPFEMALE > bored ... kyle still isnt back from helping this one guy with his patio . its been 6hrs so far 
So far , this weekend turned out to be ok . minus the part where trenedy's sick . gotta love the weekend !! : ) 
Ramdon thought : men with big feet have small dicks too !! Lmao 
Going to bed . Trenedy had me up 5 times last night because of her belly hurting . 
Now i'm feelin so fly like a G6 .... 
Death is not the end of a relationship . The relationship continues . It's now , just long distance ... 
Little miss Trenedy should be getting out of school in about an hour . Gonna start making dinner soon . I like it done by the time she gets home . : ) 
Standing @ the bus stop waiting for trenedys bus . @ least its not raining anymore : ) 
Made steak , mashed potatoes and green beans for dinner . yummy ! 
Ok , seriously , i am < PROPFEMALE > ready for bed . i had absolutley no sleep last night ... im dead to the world right now ... 
What is love ? Love cannot be described by words ... Love is a feeling . It's best described by ur actions . Remember , actions speak more than words . 
Might be moving in january . dont know yet though , everything is still up in the air . : ) 
What to do today ... next weekend , haunted hayride 
Lee-lee ( aleah ) is sleeping over tonight . gives trenedy someone to play with . 
Sitting outside waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home : ) 
I'm up and a load of laundry is in the washer . Have to do Trenedy's hair for her school pictures today . Then more cleaning and then hopefully relaxing : ) 
Just put Trenedy on the bus . Another rainny day ... i hate the rain !! 
Done cleaning now onto dinner : ) 
I jst saw a bumpe sticker that read : caution ! Driver masterbaiting ... lol ookkaayy lol 
What made my day today ? How about someone from craigslist asking me out on a date after i refused to buy his wii . awesome ... Lol 
Getting Tren ready for school , more laundry and maybe i'll make a cheesecake ... yummy ! Lol 
Cleaning . it's friday !! Going to tak tren on the haunted hayride tonight . i wonder how she's gonna react ... lol 
Whites are in the dryer , cleaning is done , Tren is fed , bathed and ready for school , bookbag is packed and now im gonna relax until i have to move lol 
< PROPFIRST > should be home any minute then off to the bus stop to get little miss sunshine : ) 
Took tren on the haunted hayride last night . we waited in line for an hour and a half to enjoy 30 minutes of terror . lol gotta love it 
The u.s. Marshal that tried to take me out on a date after i refused to buy his wii just informed me that i've been around the block a couple of times ... i think he needs to check my info again lol 
Im still tired and want to go back to bed ... the way i feel today , i could probablly sleep all day long : 
Spendin quality time with the family : ) 
Gonna go for a walk with tren and < PROPFIRST > : ) 
Dancing in the dark , middle of the night . Taken your heart and holding it tight . Emotional touch , touchin my skin . Asking u to do what u've been doing all over again .... its ur love 
¡ the bus stop w/ Trenedy 
Seems like we never get out of the bad news ... ugh ! 
Watchin a baby story . Makes me wish tren was still a baby . I miss those times ... 
Ugh !!! I think its time i start complaining !!! :/ 
@ home with Trenedy while < PROPFIRST > goes bowling ... oh and by the way , i'm kinda pissed ... 
It's couple's week !! Copy and paste this with the date you got together : April 27th , 2003 
Friday night and i'm sooo tired . I think i hear the bed calling my name 
Its mommy week ! Post this as ur status with the date u became a mommy : April 3 , 2005 
Just got done watching how to train your dragon with Trenedy and < PROPFIRST > . : ) 
Pumpkin patch with Trenedy , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !! : ) 
Carving pumpkins at < PROPFEMALE>'s . : ) 
@ the bowling alley . This is our last game , thank god . I have such a headache ... 
Listening to a song called rice and beans ... lmao ... oh boy ... lol 
Blankets and chairs are down for the parade . now to make the chicken nuggets 
Folding some laundry then time to clean 
Trenedy is rockin purple today . : ) 
anyone want to buy a puppy ? There's 2 left . A male and a female . They are cockazhu's . They go for there 1st shots and de-worming next week . If interested , let me know so i can give u the info : ) 
Laundry is in the washer so now i can starighten up . Northampton parade tonight 
Mom sprung a puppy on me . I cant keep it and she knew that . She tried lol 
@ northampton parade . Then off to giants to pick up some odds and ends 
Gettin ready for bed . Thank god tomorows friday 
Dear cold weather ... i hate u . ur seriously not doing anything for my cold except makeing it worse ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s playing eyepet and i think he likes it lmao . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , but thats alright bc i like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , but thats alright bc i love the way u lie ... 
Cleaning then off to the park : ) Gonna enjoy this weather while its here 
Can not wait for tomorrow . anything in the middle 70s and up is my kind of weather !! 
Done with dinner . now watchin Trenedy play lego rock band ... its pretty interesting lol 
Bath parade later . Just what Tren needs ... more < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Trenedy has a pajama party ¡ school tomorrow . i wish we had pj parties in school ... lol 
< PROPFIRST>'s last day of work is friday . Hello unemlpoyment checks . 
Getting Tren ready for school . Its nicer outside than what i thought it was going to be : ) 
Makin some soup and watchin destination truth . 
Trick or treating tonight then again on sunday in northampton 
Trick on treat is just about over and then heading down to my dads 
Day 3 of these stupid back spasms ... 
Trick or treating later ... again 
Hilight of the night : 2yr old boy knocks on door and says trick or treat . Lady hands him a coupon for a frosty from < PROPFEMALE>'s . Little boy looks at it and says \what am i supposed to do with this ? \ " lol kids are so cute " 
Spaghetti for dinner . then gonna go over trenedy's word list with her 
I swear , sometimes , i think i speak a different language than trenedy ... 
Trenedy got her school pictures back today . 
Did i ever mention that i HATE this weather ... grrr :/ 
Just me and Trenedy . Gonna watch how to train your dragon and gonna make popcorn . : ) 
Just sent trenedy to bed . time for me to relax : ) 
Pancakes for breakfast ?... probably 
Have a couple of errands to take care of before trenedy gets home 
Just me and trenedy again tonight 
Why cant she just go to bed like a normal kid ?? Why do i have to fight night after night with her ?? So fustrated ... 
Dont feel quite right today ... 
Pickles : ) 
Forgot the clocks went back last night ... 
Cleaning . something got to help my sneezing ... 
Cleaning-done . Feed < PROPFIRST > and Trenedy-done . Laundry- i'll get to it . 
Fire in coplay . not too often do u get something going on here ... unless ur down on front st. .. then its a whole nother story 
Getting everything together for Trenedy . gotta shower her and feed her , then off to school . 
I'm everything u want . I'm everything u need . And every little part of u is a part of me . I'm everything u know . I'm everywhere u go . I hope that u see , that you're everything to me . : ) 
\You're gonna get a pincher bug inside of your kookie lookie ! \ " -- Trenedy . What kids come up with lol " 
The weather suprised me today . i thought it was gonna be like yesterday . It is sooo nice out !! : ) 
Getting trenedy ready for school 
Having no phone really sucks !!! Can't wait to get it back !! 
Still no phone ... wtf ... :( 
Job hunting ... grrrr 
job hunting .... 
Gonna start cleaning out my closet ... 
It's < PROPFEMALE > cold outside !! Can't believe Christmas is almost here ... so much to do ... 
Screw the people who dont give a shit about you . I'm done playing around with family 
Just found some really old photos of my 16th birthday party . Deciding on whether or not to put them up ... 
New year ... new drama ? We'll see lol 
Trenedy got her ears pierced yesterday . I thought she was going to cry , but she didn't! It looks so cute ! :) 
Filing for my income tax !! Such a happy moment to know that I'm getting money ! lol 
Ok seriously , why cant i live somewhere thats warm all year round ?? 
Car shopping ... 
< PROPFIRST > made dinner tonight ... and it didnt explode ... lol 
Watching animal hoarders ... i dont understand how ppl could live with that many animals ... 
So aleah kept me up just about all night screaming and crying and to top it off , < PROPFIRST > still didnt get paid by unemployment this week ... grrrr ! Can anything else go wrong !!! 
My head is freakin pounding ... 
I try not to let things get to me . To eat me up alive . But to deny ur own flesh and blood ... but its ok . Because in the end , it wont be me whos hurting anymore ... 
Come on income tax .... i could really use u right now 
Heading to walmart on 248 with my mom , Trenedy and my nan ... window shopping for me !! Lol 
Showered the little one , straightened up and showered myself ... bedtime is just about here ... 
Still up ... wtf ... thought i'd be sleeping by now but Trenedy has a really bad cough and it wakes her up . This is gonna be a long night ... 
Doing Trenedy's hair for school . 
Trenedy gets her report card today ! So excited !! 
Listening to songs from the late 80's into the late 90's . 
Snow day #6 . Tomorrow will probably be #7 . 
Might go to baltimore for the weekend in a couple of weeks ... we will see . Depends on how much we have left of our income tax . 
Trenedy's school called to say that there's no school tomorrow . Is it me or does it seem like they're home more than they are in school lately ?? 
Dear snow and ice , GO AWAY !!! Seriously looking forward to the warm weather , when ever it decides to get here !! 
Making grilled cheese for < PROPFIRST > and trenedy . Then staring dinner . Crisp crusted baked chicken with mashed potatoes and peas and carrots . Yummy !! :) 
Playing go-fish and teaching Trenedy how to shuffle cards . 
Come on income tax !! Hopefully it'll be here tomorrow but if not then definitly friday ! 
Bedtime soon . Have to be up by 7:30 - 8:00 . 
Have to go to the library after Tren goes to school ... figures we would have a problem with our income tax :/ 
Had to refile our taxes . Wtf now we wont get them till the 19th the latest . All good though . We get a little over 54 hundred back . Wooo hooo !! :) 
heartburn ... 
With my mom . Officially start work tonight . Schedule will be 8:30 , 9:00 - 1:00 , 1:30 am . 
Heading for work . Glad this is the only time it will be this early in the morning bc i like my bed lol 
Lunch time soon ... hhmmm what to make for the 4 girls ... 
Im letting a 2 year old do my hair ... this should be interesting ... : ) 
Bored ... watching teen mom 2 . 
Superbowl sunday !!! Wooo ! One program where i dont mind watching the commercials ! Lol 
Bored again . What to do ... 
So < PROPFIRST > picked the packers so i guess that leaves me with the steelers . GO STEELERS !!! 
Why cant anyone who sings at the superbowl sing the national anthem normal ?? Do they always have to ruin it ? Now im just waiting for the game to officially start . Steelers all the way !! 
Man , that had to be the stupidest halftime show ive ever seen !! 
F'n steelers ... man , < PROPMALE > f'n sucks !! 
Up by 7:30 and out the door by 8:00 
I have the most amazing husband in the whol world . He put up with a lot of crap that no other man would put up with . And now , even though things may be hectic right now , he still stands by my side and does what he can . I love you < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
Waiting for our little love bug to get off the bus : ) 
Ready to go food shopping then off to work . 
At the doctors with trenedy and < PROPFIRST > . She was sent home from school today . Poor baby has an ear infection . 
Trenedy went to school today . Her ear feels clogged , but she has no pain . Thank you childrens ibprofen ! 
Getting ready for work . Have to leave in about 30 , 35 minutes 
Got back from work a little after 2 am . Now getting ready to go back to work . 
Done with work until tonight . 
This is a long shot , but , my mom was left with a female pit bull she has to get rid of . She doesnt do well with other dogs . Shes not attacking the dogs , she just wants all the attention . Shes about 2-3 years old . If u or anyone u know wants it , let me know . Shes free . 
3 am is just around the corner and i just got home from work ... soooo tiiirrreeed !!! 
Chineese .... yummmm lol 
Just bought 2 pairs of pants . Something i needed , but hate the price ... 
On my way to work . Probably wont get out till 4:00 , 4:30 ish am . Then birthday party @ 1 pm . 
Giant then home to bed for a little 
Gotta start this cake so its done by the time the girls get here . 
@ chuckie cheese . Then back home for cake . 
The day is whinding down and its almost time to cuddle with < PROPFIRST > and watch Devil . Gonna put toy story 3 on for trenedy in her bedroom . 
Just got done watching Devil . Bedtime soon . Im sooo tired ... 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s day , change your profile pic to you and your spouse . Include how long you've been together !! < PROPFIRST > and I- April 27 , 2003 
Cleaning . Then , absolutely nothing . 
Work tonight . 11 , 11:30 pm- 2:00 am . 
Wtf ? Tellin people we dont take our garbage out ?? Yeah fuckin right . U knew we cleaned the play room out which resulted in 4 bags of toys . Next time u talk , make sure its the fuckin truth !! :/ 
Was called into work last night and now im heading back to work . Crazy :) 
Random thought : I think its funny when a guy can wear his girlfriends pants lol 
Happy valentines day to my husband . He's my world , my life , my everything . I love u !! 
Heading to the bus stop 
Baltimore this weekend ( maybe ) . Income tax is expected to be direct deposited by fri . Cant freakin wait !! :) 
On my way to work . One night where no body knows where the damn garbage is ... damn them and their peanut shells !! Lol 
< PROPFEMALE > nice out !! Its so nice to feel the warmth of the sun on my skin !! 
Trenedy-\why doesn't a chicken wear underware ? \ " kyle -\" i dont know . Why ? \ " trenedy -\" because underwear is made for roosters or cocks . \ " ........ ( kyle's speechless ) .... lmao the things kids say . Lol " 
Got my car today : ) Happy about that ! Work tonight , Baltimore aquarium tomorrow ! 
Heading to work . Actually , im almost there ... ( sigh ) 
Shopping today . Have to get paint for trenedys room and look at a carpet for her . Then gonna go look for some clothes for me :) 
Bought trenedy her carpet . Now to find paint that don't cost an arm and leg . batimore was post-poned until tomorrow . 
@ walmart . How come whenever it seems u need assistance , no one is ever around ? :/ 
Woke up with belly pains . Plus side , i ruled out the virus . 
Haha jokes on u ! This is gonna be good 
My head hurts . I think im going through a coffee withdrawl lol 
I've been hearing alot of opinions about a pregnant < PROPFEMALE > . Some people dont want their children to have them , and some people dont see the harm . My opinion , not letting ur children have a pregnant < PROPFEMALE > if they want one is like telling them they cant play with baby dolls . Same difference . 
@ work already . Time just seems like its dragging on . I wish i was in bed , all comfy and warm ... 
We slept at my moms a couple of days , so im getting ready to take trenedy to school . Then to stop at home for a while . 
Painting trenedy's room . After the painting is done , have to go pick up her new carpet :) Can't wait to see the finished result !! 
I dont like being here at work by myself ... no one around ... in the middle of the night ... its creepy 
Soooo tired ... can't sleep ... have to get trenedy's room completely painted by tomorrw night . Still have a lot to do ... 
Got a lot accomplished in Trenedy's room today . Still have a little bit to go yet . Maybe ill be able to put her new carpet down earlier than expected :) 
Trenedy's room is now completely painted !! Yay ! Now just got to lay the carpet down tomorrow and move her stuff in :) 
Trenedy's room is now completed !! Just have to put her furniture back in !! :) 
If its not one thing , its another ... Its ok though , im used to it lol 
One of those days were i could just stay in bed all day ... 
Bored .... 
Off to work 
Walking back from giants . It got a < PROPMALE > bit chilly out from what it was this afternoon ... 
Sitting @ coplay auto . Gonna catch < PROPFIRST > this time ! I want my damn car back !! :) 
Pretending that im helping < PROPFIRST > work on his car even though im making things more complicated with all my \what's that ? \ " ' s . I love that im so helpful !! :) lol " 
What to do today ... i guess the same shit i do everyday ... :/ 
Waiting at the bus stop for trenedy and freezing my ass off ... 
Took a nap today . have to be wake for work tonight considering that its the messiest night of the week 
On my way home from work . cannot wait to get into my bed 
Almost at work 
My state tax came today so i have a lot of running around to do . I guess its better than staying at home looking at 4 walls ... 
Off to the bowling alley ! 
Work tonight starting at 2am . the same for tomorrow ... 
Im not here to catch u when u fall ... im here to make sure u dont fall :) 
So far , had a crappy start to the day . Couldnt get into work at 2 am , so had to go back at 5am . Got 1.5 hours of sleep and still going strong . Bowling later then back to work ... 
My feet hurt ... :( 
This f'n bartender says one more thing , i swear , im gonna hop right over the f'n bar and knock her the fuck outk !! 
It doesnt matter how old ur kids are , if u completly remove them from ur life or choose one child over another , ur a dead beat dad . I dont care . U did nothin for me anyway ... 
If i fall , will you let me down easy ? If i leave my heart with u tonight , will u promise me that you would treat it right ?? 
Payday cannot come soon enough . gonna get the rest of trenedy's birthday party items this week . everything will be bought except for the cake , of course . :) 
I cleaned and now it looks like a tornado went though the place ... uggh ... kids .... back to square 1 . 
Bed ... nighty night lol 
Invitations sent out , party supplies bought wednesday , cake ordered in about 2 weeks . I think i have party fever ! Lol 
Hi-ho , hi-ho , its off to work i go :D lol 
\Tickle tickle . here come my ..... fingers\ " - kj lol " 
Today was productive . got everything for trenedy's party out of the way :) Now just waiting for the rsvp's . 
Omg ... just one of those days ... 
About to go pick trenedy up from dance . Then home to clean and do a load of laundry before < PROPFIRST > gets home from bowling 
Omg !! We just got pulled over for a license plate light and then < PROPFIRST > was accused of doing pot . they were gonna arrest him and take him for a drug test . Wtf ! 
What a night ... at least today is friday 
Trenedy has 2 more loose teeth . :) 
Just got off work ... i want my bed ... :( 
Cleaned home and now to bed ... before trenedy gets up ... 
Gonna meet < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > at the lehigh valley zoo with < PROPFIRST > , trenedy and aleah :) 
Watching < PROPFIRST > change the thermostat to our car . I like how we alawys get faulty shit the first time i buy a part ... at least we get our money back for the first one and its fixed . 
Bowling :) 
Did some laundry , cleanind a little bit and i have to go food shopping yet . 
Bowling then off to food shop 
Trenedy has slammed her thumb in the trunk today . Ouch1 ! :( She's better though and her thumb still works :) 
Can not wait till friday !! 70 degrees ppl !! :) 
Gotta get trenedy ready for school and then help < PROPFIRST > put in the water pump for the car 
Water pump is almost done :) yay ! 
Water pump is done ! 
Trenedy is going to be in the saint patricks day parade on sunday in allentown :) 
Why cant we have more days like this in the winter ? At least spring is right around the corner ! :) 
Hope everything goes well with this guy . If so , we'll have a chevy s10 instead of the eclipse 
The < PROPFEMALE > is in perfect sight and is no bigger than usual ... 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day parade today ! If ur going , look for tenedy ! :) 
Have a headache ... 
So cheerleading is next . Gotta have her signed up by april 7th . I hope she likes it considering that this group does competitions ... 
Cleaning 
Meatloaf , potatoes and peas tonight . work later . 
Dear cold , i know ur getting better , but i wish u were gone . My chest is starting to hurt . :( 
Sleet ... snow ... great weather :( 
Banana :) 
Possibly the flu ? that would be my luck ... thatk god i found a medicine that actually works for me ... 
My head still hurts ... the medicine is calling my name 
In my moms subaru justy ... lmao . oooohhhh mmmmyyyy gggoooddd lol 
Car is down again !! i just want to scream !! i think the nearest < PROPMALE > is calling the car .... :/ 
Wish my stuffy nose would unstuff 
Dying my moms hair and adding highlights to it . :) 
Trenedy's sick today :( 
Home finally ... im starting to feel kinda sick :( 
So cold ... really wishin the warmer weather was here 
When us women are born , we are blessed by mother nature . As we age , we're cursed by father time lol 
What goes around , comes all the way back around ... its called < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch lol 
Cedarbrook performance today !! trenedy's gonna rock !! :) 
My head is pounding . The stress of making sure everything is in place for tomorrow ... 
HAPPY 6TH BIRTHDAY TRENEDY !! MOMMY LOVES U !! :) 
Trenedy's birthday party went well !! Thank u to everyone who came !! :) 
Outside watching trenedy ride her scooter :) 
My head still hurts and its raining out ... wtf ... 
At least the sun is shining today !... for now anyways :) 
Just got off of work and cannot wait to lay in my big , soft bed ... 
Off to work ... again ... 
Head hurts , wtf .... back to work at 7:30 then again at 12:30 am .... all i do is work .... 
Hoping today will be a good day . :) 
At work till 7:30 . grocery shopping after and then back to work at 2:30 am ... fun 
Trenedy < PROPFEMALE > reaser . April 3 , 2005 @ 12:45 am . 8lbs 10 1/4 oz . 21 inches long . Water broke at 40 weeks and was delivered via c-section . Labor lasted 23 hours . Repost with ur own details if u love ur princess/prince ! I know i love mine ! 
Already the day is going shitty ! F'n car wont start ! UUUGGGHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finally sold the eclipse ... 
Today is a good day ! No rain , warm and trenedy gets her report card today ! :) 
Where'd all the nice weather go ??? :( 
Getting ready to send tren off to school . then , some < PROPMALE > cleaning . time to get rid of all my spider friends lol 
Home from work and now relaxing until i have to go back to work @ 12:30 am 
On my way to work ... 
Have a busy 2nd half of the day . Trenedy has a dr appointment at 4:30 , have to drop < PROPFIRST > off at bowling before 6 , drop trenedy off @ dance by 6 , pick her up @ 7 , drop her off with her pop , off to work till 9 , have to pick tren up and then finally go pick < PROPFIRST > up ... lol wow ... 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to pick me up :) 
Bowling later with < PROPFIRST > and trenedy :) 
Its pretty bad when ur 6yr old beats you in bowling ... did i mention with bumpers ?? Lmao 
Cleaning and laundry 
Cleaning is done except for the play room and laundry is in the wash . :) 
trenedys performing at the iron pigs game tonight !! Sooo excited !! 
Getting everything ready for the iron pigs game :) 
Another rainny day ... on the bright side , tomorrow's turning out to be a pretty good day ! :) 
Heading home from < PROPMALE > e cheese ! :) 
Payday today !! easter shopping either today or tomorrow 
Pizza and a movie :) 
Just got home from and and just realized that i have to leave in an hour and 15 minutes to go back to work .... remind me why i do this ? Oh yeah , the money . Lol 
< PROPFEMALE > glad im almost done . Get home to bed so i can get up and be back at work tomorrow morning , by 10:30 the latest . Have to get my easter shopping done before trenedy gets home from school tomorrow since she has off friday ... 
Easter shopping ... done ! :) 
Heading to work . Gotta stop for gas and coffee at wawa 
Just got done straightening up . Now to shower and get dressed 
Stuffy nose :( 
Wondering if the egg hunt is still gonna happen ... 
Trenedy got a prize egg at the egg hunt :) she got a basket full of play make up , nail polish , a purse and some < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Boiling the eggs so me and trenedy can get our color on ! :) 
happy easter !!! Hope everyone has a great day !! 
Sitting outside watching the thunderstorm :) 
Got to sun bath a little and ended up with sunburn lol Took trenedy to the baseball field and threw some baseball around after she got off the bus . Just got done cleaning out the car and now getting ready for work . I love this weather ! :) 
Sunburn hurts :( 
Happy 8yr anniversary < PROPFIRST > ! I love you ! :) 
Tornado warning ... crazy 
I think i'll clean today so i dont have to do it tomorrow :) 
Been up since 3 am . Watching < PROPMALE > from 6am to 3ish pm . Hoping its gonna be nice out so we can go for a walk :) 
Trenedy can officially ride her bike with out training wheels ! :) 
At the park with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , trenedy and < PROPMALE > :) 
Kinda pissed 
Beautiful out ! :) 
Work soon . Can't wait for saturday ! Gonna take trenedy to knoebles for the day . Then next friday is dorney park night . She's excited about that too ! :) 
Trenedy has an ear ache :( Good thing she has medicine for it :) 
Trenedy told me that i need to take baby medicine so i can have a baby lol 
Just got back from trenedy's school for mothe appreciation day ! I almost cried . Lol It was so sweet with all the gifts that we had gotten . :) 
In honor of mother's day , post the name(s ) and birth weight of your child/children as your status if you're a proud mom . Trenedy < PROPFEMALE > Reaser- 8lbs 10 1/4 oz 
Off to work . Leaving for knoebles around 9 am ! 
