thinks Facebook is kind of confusing . D: 

needs a new job . 
Apparently Facebook hates my face because it never lets me upload photos 
I owe money on my taxes . D: Epic fail at finances 
is falling in love with yoga . Now I just need to find a real yoga class 
Has been playing Call of Duty 4 aaaaaaall day . I'm such a loser 
I have decided I'm not going to college and I don't feel bad about it , at all . 
had a bittersweet day today . 
My back and butt hurts . =( Stupid stairs at < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! How I hate thee ! 
I love naps . :D 
Who knew pancakes were so easy to burn ? Four down the drain , but the rest were especially delicious . 
I missed the music from the nineties . Buzz Ballads any one ? 
tired of relationships ... and the lack of them 
needs to stop picking such hard topics for my college writing class . Now I have to research the causes and effects of addictive personalities . 
Surprisingly , I did not have a very good day , despite the fact it was my best friend's birthday and it was really nice outside . 
wish I would have gone ... 
I love midnight phone calls . :) 
Oh , nostalgia how I've missed you ... 
Everything must come to an end , eventually ... So hold fast to those you love and < PROPFEMALE > the moments you have with them . I appreciate every single one of you . 
Just realized I'm starting a box knife collection . I have eight box cutters from Winco , but I think only three of them actually have razors in them and only one is sharp . It's bad when you're a kleptomaniac for box knives . 
Without you I am nothing . 
My ankle hurt like a bitch at work all day , I felt like crying . I am so mad at my ankle right now , it's to blame for getting sprained . 
Loves the boyfriend , very much . 
Only has twenty three and half more school days left , not counting graduation . I can't wait to just be done ! 
Is getting an MRI on monday at 6 a.m. and then I go into work at 8 . Just shoot me now . D: 
Got a new dog ! He's a stray so he's all smelly and matted , but still cute underneath it all . We are naming him Cooper , and he is a sweetheart . He is a terrier of some sorts and looks to be around Chewie's age ( one and a half ) . I really hope they get along ... Pictures eventually , when he's all clean and I stop being lazy . 
Is kind of wishing I was going to prom now ... 
Bitter . 
Got my new droid and I love it ! 
Tired of all the bullshit . I just don't know what to do any more 
I am so excited that my birthday is next week and then a week afterward its graduation . Only 14 more days ' til I'm done with school . 
Loves Windows 7 :D Yessss 
Thank you every one for the birthday wishes ! It has been pretty good so far . :D 
Got a ticket on my birthday lol oh well it was a pretty good birthday any way 
I'm just ready to be done ! I'm tired of all the people and the bullshit . Even after four years people still haven't matured . I am so done with high School 
I hate money ... 
Got my first tattoo today and love it ! 
misses the boyfriend already . :( 
If I ever become a teacher I would like to be something like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > from the Dead Poets Society such a good movie 
It is way too fucking hot in Denas house I just want to die 
Today was so horrible . I've thrown up four times today at work and they wouldn't let me leave until I only had an hour left . 
going to the beach with my boyfriend Saturday and Sunday I hope its nice 
The boyfriend is on his way home today . I can't wait to see him . :D 
Had a wonderful day with the boyfriend even though the beach wasn't nice until we left lol 
Work sucks today . Every one is rude and stupid . I'm tired of having to smile and say thank you . If one more person calls me baby or < PROPFEMALE > I am going to kill 
In Costco and I'm amazed how big everything is 
Silence robs me . 
Walmart just opened up and I hate it already . I haven't even been to it yet , and I hate it . Let's just say I'm never going there . If I feel so inclined to go to Walmart I will do my shopping at the one in McMinnville where people aren't crazy pyschos because they've been to a Walmart before 2010 . Stupid people ... 
Had the perfect day with the boyfriend 
I have decided my next tattoo is going to be a Nightmare Before Christmas tattoo , no matter what . 
At rockfest with the parents and I'm wishing I was 21 because there's free beer . 
I move out Thursday and honestly I'm a little nervous . 
I just realized I need to pack and move all in one day . I am soooo screwed . 
Officially moved in to my new place 
Just waited an hour at the Dhs office with annoying screaming kids just to be told they haven't done any thing with my case yet . What a great way to start off . 
Went to the pink < PROPMALE > lazer show with the boyfriend . I had a lot of fun 
I'm realizing I was kind of better off without the internet , didn't have to deal with all the bullshit ... 
Is in love 
Absolutely hates people with a passion now 
Walgreens can suck it 
Couldn't get into barracuda and lost my license . I fucking hate my life 
Blink 182 , enough said . 
My boyfriend surprised me with yummy dunner when I got off . God I love him 
Put up christmas decorations today . I don't even care thanksgiving hasn't come yet . The holidays make me so happy now when before they only made me sad 
Having the best Thanksgiving ever . 
Hanging out with the sister makes me so happy 
I guess today is just weird customer day today which sucks cause I'm not feeling all that great 
Has been feeling like shit lately and people at work wont cover my shifts fuck 
A part of me is kind of hoping the world does end in 2012 ... is that really so bad ? 
Toy story 3 made me cry twice . I'm such a wuss 
Having a shitty day at work :( 
