new years resolution : GET DRUNK ! 

some one please call my phone , i cat find that bastard . 
found it ... 
i love my job !! 
Eating Poopy !!! X ) 
wishin i was back in port A . 
37 more days and ill be 22 years old and back in Port A ! < PROPFIRST > can kiss my ass ! 
check it out 
beer 
so on friday i knocked a gut out with one punch , and then < PROPFIRST > and i drove 1000 < PROPMALE > in 2 days ! one hell of a weekend 
and i slept in the back of his truck on the beach and woke up < PROPFIRST > up only so he could break his wind shield with his phone , haha , i love road trips ! 
so whos all goin to meyham on friday ? 
one with much wisdom does not to talk shit when im drunk ... 
lots of christians wear crosses around their necks , do you think when jesus comes back hes gonna wanna see a cross , man ? 
dont lose your head to gain a minute , you'll need your head your brains are in it ! 
i need to go to home depot !! its been a while . 
\Were at the ASS end of the baptist church ! \"" 
MEYHAM TOMORROW ! I HATE EVERYONE ! 
\ Wir müssen das Bestehen unserer Leute und eine Zukunft für weißes children . \ " sichern ; " 
your mom 
Yesterday scientists revealed that beer contains small traces of female hormones . To prove their theory , the scientists fed 100 men 12 pints of beer each , and observed that 100% of them gained weight , talked excessively without making any sense , became emotional , and couldn't drive . No further testing is planned . 
Work harder . Millions on welfare are depending on you . 
Excercise is good for you . When my grandma was 60 , she started walking 5 < PROPMALE > everyday . She's 90 now and we don't know where the hell she is . 
Girls want a lot of things from one guy . Conversely , guys want one thing from a lot of girls 
A < PROPMALE > research group advertised for participants in a study of obsessive-compulsive disorder . They were looking for therapy clients who had been diagnosed with this disorder . The response was gratifying ; they got 3,000 responses about three days after the ad came out . All from the same person . 
I feel sorry for people who don't drink . When they get up in the morning that's the best they're going to feel all day . 
bout to go to meyham , if < PROPFEMALE > not there , then grizzly bear ! 
where the fuck are all the pictures from meyham ?? 
loud music + lots of pot , beer and old friends + fishing = a badass weekend ! 
free whata burger if < PROPFEMALE > wearin orange today only ! 
workin late tonight , till like 3:00 or 4:00 , love the money though ! 
workin late aint too bad , especially on over time ! 
life is good , i cant complain ... 
is lil < PROPMALE > still in jail ? 
Crazy are the people walking through my head \ 
One of thems got a gun to shoot the other one \ 
And yet together they were friends at school 
No more can they keep us in\ 
Listen , damn it , we will win\ 
They see it right , they see it well\ 
but they think this saves us from our Hell 
FUCK THE POLICE , PLANO IN PARTICULAR !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
moving fuckin sucks !!! 
its finally over , hahaha . 
id like to do some drinkin but im still at work .. 
so were not goin to port aransas but i still want to go to the lake or somthin this weekend .... 
over time rules !! 
meeting new people is nice !... 
bout to get my drivers liscense back !! no more drinking and driving for me ! 
drinkin is whats on my mind , any one wanna chill ? 
got really drunk and puked on a < PROPFEMALE > ! haha 
finally these parts are done , i can go home . 
life is much too shrt to complain all the time . LIVE IT ! 
penis and asshole 
FUCK SALT ! 
I FUCKING HATE TEXAS ' DPS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS BULLSHIT ! 
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking 
\You have to learn the rules of the game . And then you have to play better than anyone else . ” " 
He who controls others may be powerful , but he who has mastered himself is mightier still . 
MUSHROOMHEAD has a new cd out ! holy shit ! 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it 
Under the plan , which would take effect in January , those drivers will be allowed to send in just 10 percent of what they owe – up to a maximum of $250 – and have their licenses reinstated and owe no more surcharges . For some with multiple violations , the savings will run into several thousand dollars . 
The latest flap stems from the state Public Safety Commission's recent decision to < PROPMALE > amnesty to drivers who have declined to pay total surcharges of $750 to $ 3,000 over a three-year period for driving without a state license or insurance coverage – or driving while intoxicated . 
life is good !! 
? In only 10s , you unleashed the Floods , A solo thats so out of ordinary that it Makes Them Disappear . And even now , when the Death Rattle shakes , We are Hollow without you . You were Far Beyond Driven , RIP DIMEBAG 
You were a Cowboy from hell , The Medicine Man . Who taught us all in the < PROPMALE > of Shredding . You wrote your Message in Blood , no need for a Suicide Note . You were ? Slaughtered in a Vulgar Display of Power , and now you Underground in < PROPFEMALE > . And you have Passed the Cemetery Gates . 
If you're not making mistakes , then you're not doing anything . 
Morning's gone \ 
Echoes of < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Shaking my soul \ 
All but done\ 
Delirium\ 
The rain with the cold \ 
With nowhere to go 
third eye blind rules !! haha 
damn its nice out today !!! 
Attitudes are contagious . Is yours worth catching ? 
black friday , haha . 
megadeth rules ! 
cold shiner , lit bowl , and megadeth . chill as a cucumber ! 
got heatlth , vision , and dental insurance yesterday , and then got a big ass tooth pulled today ! gettin new contacts tomorrow ! thank you Rapid Tooling Inc .!!!!!!! damn i love my job !! 
for whom the < PROPFEMALE > tolls , time marches on .. 
got to work at 8:30 this morning and im still fuckin here !! damn i wanna beer and a bowl !!!! 
what is all this < PROPFIRST > shit ??? 
#420 uh , i forgot .. 
#132 this shit better fuckin be done by tmm when i wake up or u guys are fucking DUMBASSES 
had a great day ! 
Depending on the maker if your rifle , there may be an restrictor on the right side of the receiver . This is mostly an stupid piece of folded metal above the magazine handle that prevents the selector from going in the lowest position . This can be simply cut of so that the selector lever can pass behind it , 
All Galil . 223 rifles gave a semi-auto carrier . \ 
- Almost all Valmet rifles have a full-auto carrier . \ 
- All MAADI rifles have a full-auto carrier . \ 
- All Hungarian have a full-auto carrier . \ 
- All Yugoslave rifles have a semi-auto bolt carrier . \ 
- 
All Chinese rifles have a semi-auto carrier . \ 
- All South-African rifles have a full-auto carrier . \ 
- All Galil . 308 rifles cannot be converted using the AK47 full-auto replacement part sets . 
fuck christmas ! 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . 
i need A vacation ! port aransas ? i think so !! 
glad to be back at work , FUCK SNOW ! and salt ! 
good things are comin my way ! i can feel it ! 
