Yeah , my grandkids are both coming to the house ! I don't think they have been here at the same time yet . Better start baby-proofing before they get here :-) 

Okay , should've remembered just how much work an 11 mo and 4 mo child are . Will he ever slow down ? 
Had a leak in my upstairs shower , now I have a leak in my upstairs bathroom . Over an inch of water on the floor and all of it leaking into my kitchen ( downstairs ) . Ugghh , can't so a lot about it but clean it up turn off the water upstairs and find the leak after work . May be time to remodel the upstairs bathroom after all . 
Old dog with bad habits looking for a new home , preferably out of state cause I'm going out of my mind ! 
Kids !?! Can't they just stay close to home ( ok not too close ) . Saori heads to Japan on the 17th , < PROPFIRST > is going to Alaska the 20th , Stef to Peru in late June , and Re to Reno the 21st of June . I'll have to change all my summer plans ... 
The yard was mowed last week , time to do it again . Thinking I might try to do the front myself , hmmm might have use of my arm afterwards but will definitely know if I have to pay someone to do it this summer . Half day at school , should give me plenty of time to finish raking the backyard . 
Re is so excited . His best friend is coming over on Friday to paint Warhammer models with him . Thanks , < PROPMALE > ! I need to learn something from him . I need to be excited when my best friend is ' coming over ' and remember to be excited when < PROPFIRST > gets home from work and has long weekends ' cause it is exciting to have your best friend over . 
A friend of mine posted this and I checked and sure enough it's true .. \ 
ATTENTION ALL FRIENDS : Yet another thing FB is doing without warning us !!! Your phone < PROPFIRST > are listed for everyone to see . On the top right side of your screen , click account , then edit friends . On the left side , click on phonebook ....... MAKE YOUR FRIENDS AWARE THEIR PHONE < PROPFIRST > ARE ... LISTED !!!!!! 
Five school days left :) That means I only have eight days to get report cards and award certificates finished . This end of the school year stuff is hard , time consuming and I'm ready to be on vacation . I may be worse than my students with the end-of-the-year-itise . Can't wait to head to Reno next week for a few days of r&r . 
Happy birthday , Sef . I love the beautiful woman you have become ! \ 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Grandma can't wait for you to get home . I miss you and mommy . 
Teenagers should come equipped with their own chaufer allowing the parents to sleep in on the weekends ! Of course , then we would have no reason to be ' mean ' to them the rest of the day . 
The first full week of summer break ! Thursday or Friday I'm heading to the Reno area to visit ( take care of ) my mom and grandma for a month or so . I can't wait to get out of this cold , wet , dreary weather . It's been in the mid 50's for the last 3 days and shows no sign of summer coming . 
Yeah , heading to Reno area !! Just wish I didn't have to drive by myself ( ok taking my son and dog .... do either count since they can't drive ? ) It will be nice to get out of the rain for a while . 
Made it !!! I'll be on more tomorrow . 
OK I'm up and available ... the router is on and I'm connected . Being here has not been too stressful , yet . Anyone know if the wind ever stops blowing here ? I feel like I've moved into a sand infested wind tunnel . Mom is doing well and Granny is doing fabulous . She had me take her to get her pedicure today , then walked around Walmart for two hours , she may wake up tomorrow . 
My newest granddaughter is here ! < PROPFEMALE > was born at 5:44 am in Alaska . She weighs 8 lbs 3 oz , and is 20 and a half inches . Just saw the first pictures , looks like a chubby , blonde baby doll . Ican't wait to hold her . 
Hey daughters , yes ALL of you ! I would love to have all of you come over for a bbq on the Sunday before Labor Day . I think all of you will be back in the states and everyone needs to see the babies . Saori , you too . 
Finally , I get to hold that new granddaughter this evening ! < PROPFIRST > and she will be flying in to Seattle this evening and I am so excited . I should've painted their room last week but nothing a little midnight oil last night couldn't fix . Now the room is painted and I'm hauling furniture back into it , I'll be ready when they get here . 
The motor in my washing machine went out ! Yuck . So < PROPFIRST > called the place we bought it to have the motor replaced ( find out how much this was going to cost ) and the warranty is still in effect for another 18 days ! God is good ! 
Who has the pics of just the seven of us ? It may be the only one we have ever had or will ever get and I would love to have a copy of it . 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week ... If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this into your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever !...... Re-post if you have an amazing sister\ 
( I have TWO a ... mazing Sisiters :-) 
Children with special needs only want what we all want , to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this & leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently ... and those of us that love them all ? 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran or support the Troops 
3yrs old : my mom is the best ! 7 yrs old : Mom , I love you . 10 yrs old : Mom whatever !! 17 yrs old : OMG my mom is SO annoying . 18 yrs old : I wanna leave this house ! 35 yrs old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 yrs old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 yrs old : I would give up ... everything for my mom to be here with me ... Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom :) MOM ..... I LOVE YOU !!! 
Just had to let those who want to know , my daughter's high school volleyball team made it to state finals where they took sixth !! Go girls ! By the way , she won a sportsmanship award while there :) 
Spent Christmas < PROPFEMALE > w/John's family . Drove all day Christmas . Spent Sunday w/my mom and both sisters . Staying the week here in Yerington , mom has surgery on Wed and we head home on Sunday . 
