damn , a man should only need to manage one girl . greed kills 

my drug of choice 
lets get fucked up ! 
i < PROPFEMALE > straight ? 
i liket ! abuse me 
crazy as sister woke up early for homework help . man im a badass teacher :) 
its boring 
phone 
Don't play with the dead ? 
Like these coronas aren't enough 
< PROPFEMALE > one sexy chick 
Give budweiser its turn 
< PROPMALE > fruitbowl 
Lol this a funny novela 
I will not own my wife , I'll be there to make her happy the way a man should wtf 
The beginning is irrelevant ? get to the end 
9 beers .. Still not there 
am i still drunk ? 
\While driving this morning I saw a bannana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > kart\ " ha " 
Rain :) 
:) 
Someone , always gets hurt 
Get er done 
Oh i forgot to wake up 
so remember starting with coronas , some whiskey ( < PROPFIRST > daniels ? ) , some space , and some modelos huh , yeah ending with some pozole after running from just one police car . yes an acceptable day 
i dont remember 
O im goofy ? when u laugh ur happy , it sucks to not laugh ? 
broke haha 
Only when they need me , she 
hahahaha , cops were looking for us , they found us ! told him some people were trying to fight in some other apartment and they went there instead :D man im good 
Waiting for the one who is worth it ? Man what a bunch of bull 
Idiots 
Are all lips this tasty ?? 
Hobos are funny , \hey can I bum a cigarette off u ? \"" 
The truth is being tortured ... 
unconditional 
Inutil . How long have i been this guy ?? 
ever feel like walking on the street and just fucking up the first ... guy u see on the street ? fuck man 
Is it normal , if u get married with someone to expect to get sum every night , for the rest of ur life ? Or I might just be a freak 
Damn 
A man forgives a woman's lies ? 
oh yes good dream , time to wake up , eat sum rice and chile , and watch ... a movie :D 
Budweiser ... 2x24 = ... 
... Just 9 ? 
Taco fcc abana was a good finisher adios sd uckers ha 
Man these saw movies are awesome 
Rule #1 cowards lie 
girls were meant to get naked 
i should go to sleep and dream i fucked someone up real good , i dont mind dream jail or hell hahahaha 
Lose my mind 
Nap 
Cantiflas is the shit ! 
Sick as a caterpillar 
Influenced 
P . Luche , man that woman is sexy !! 
Crazy ass bus driver ... Fun 
nothing 
But that was sombe good sleep 
:) 3 northern girls make me smile 
Ahh crazy little sister :) makes me wanna smack her in the back of her head 
lol why not 
< PROPFIRST > escobar 
beans , riche , chile and a coke 
i'll quit my shit . for the right one 
though to be a man 
Prodigal son ? Does that shit apply to girls ? \prodigal wife\ " bs " 
But u used to be so smart , man what an acting thing to hear 
Broken heart loves best 
paint , haha 
alrighty , next missions is to watch everything about stargate :D 
Yeah it's too early for this 
Ha I love the way my grandparents talk , but man I shouldn't be having conversations with my mom right now 
Lol quick recovery 
I got plenty of opinions ;) I'll take < PROPFIRST > 
#4 :) i've known u for 75% of my life , in 2030 it will be 90% all that time u have always been nice to me , and most likely i wasn't a few times to u yet u always smiled back , haha that smile is contagious , if egnna wasn't there , u would have been the first crush of my life , thou it doesn't mean ur 2nd to anybody :D its nice to know were still in touch , hopefully one day i make u smile as much as u have made me 
fien 1112 : we always chilled at school doing homework , studying , getting smart . seems like now we chill in cars busting a cloud , drink in hand , getting stupid hahaha . lows and highs , conversations are always interesting , to have an equal rival is what its about , and in the future , we will both be in the top . guaranteed 
artistic mode : on 
i enjoy the ease of talking to u 1367 :) as strangers u seemed the most willing to have a laugh or two haha ur definetly someone i would like to have a drink or maybe 9 in the future . o i do always enjoy ur forwards , and u might be going through some trouble , but times heals all , and u dont even gotta do shit ;) 
lol damn one day my littler sister wont be so little 
Woke up , gonna make sum enchiladas , beans , no rice right now , drink a coke and watch something funny 
Living stupid 
Yuritzin , < PROPFEMALE > , ur < PROPFIRST > should be in my phone 
o , i've never boiled an egg 
alright yeah , lets answer a shitload of questions hahaha , lets see what interesting bs 
Had a dream about kool aid 
Hahaha am on that depressed shit too 
But damn I love rice 
Ahhh ! Hope i don't fuck up my computer 
Was seeing stars :) 
WTF !?! saw some chick perform in that < PROPFEMALE > show . Sexy crazy interesting . I don't even know 
O shit ! And that 13 chick from house too . was moving crazy sexy . Ok i should watch this regularly . O what ?? OK I need to see tron 
O my sister is beautiful :) retarded little girl 
i need a raise 
already ! got a computer in the living room again :) 
damn its not easy to tell u fuck u 
days fly high 
body moves , my heart refuses 
* tear * hahahahahahaha 
i was going to have a wife , the right thing to do will never get what u want . fuck 
Man ive been trippin 
the perfect amount to sit back and really enjoy a movie by yourself hahahaha 
good job good job 
Aa my mom is a bitch ! Lol what a surprise 
laughter is a drug 
a paradox is it 
Jealous girls ! 
Yes I rather be stupid and laughing 
Am fat 
i will live high high high 
Man girls are just so sexy ! Yes all of them , o what dirty mind I got 
Shit happens when people get bored 
alright ladies , i feel like poking ALL OF YALL ;p expect it haha 
aw shit i just finished poking a shit load of people hahaha\ 
weird ;) 
< PROPMALE > is a fruitbowl ! 
ok yeah i should sleep 
:( tear hahahahahahahaha 
Ready to kick ass ! 
I massage myself 
I need some mood altering drugs right now 
Rip coach hays 
im a dirty dirty boy 
hahahahhahahahahahahahahahah 
very few can keep a secret ... a secret 
< PROPMALE > Muñoz : fien 
Renaissance , whatever :p 
out of my fucking mind !!!!! whoa hahahahahahahahhahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaa :) 
< PROPMALE > Muñoz : FIEN ! 
aw shit my sister is 9 . they had it right back then , puberty shouldn't hit til way later 
yup 
today i munch on mole 
Yup lucky me , no offense at all but why am I always having to deal with bitches ?? I say that only to describe personalities , but man one day I wanna be with one nice girl . just one is all 
reborn again ! haha round 2 , 3 
yup yup this one is my sister , i come home at 4 am in the morning and she finally decides to do her homework\ 
yup , again i realize this girl is like me : she has reached \fuck it\ " mode " 
Weather :) 
i work to hard\ 
need a raise :) 
< PROPMALE > Muñoz & < PROPMALE > Garcia-Sanchez : fiens . 
satisfying day :) 
rice & beans . its like they're having sex . and im eating it 
thc 
the point is . everything just wants to have sex . \ 
thats life yo 
hmm wtfs up with this syphylis thing ?? 
XX + THC . \ 
ahh women 
Am just tired 
feeling good 
need to chill just a little more haha 
i should be a prisioner 
Gravy 
To come to work well rested and sober ... 
New skill : stop incoming sneezes\ 
;) yes . 
LOL its only been 38 minutes ;) 
Where the fuck to park 
it went on nonstop :) pleased but now to chill 
haha homework it is 
yup my mind is not in the right place 
Blow green with a brew 
waiting for the inpending doom but enjoying what i can yes 
all we need to have a happy life is food , shelter , and a loving family ? people should value the simplest things dammit 
Fuck ! 
what can i do with 7 dollars for two weeks ?? ok time to bust out the creative business man i know i got inside of me 
it sucks pretty badly to be stopped by the cops , then they tell u to wait behind ur car with 3 cop cars facing u . it gets worse whenever they start going trough ur car with rubber gloves on , knowing that something WILL be found . it ends well when they leave u off with a warning , tell u to be safe , and the last thing u tell them is \thank u \"" 
all for one girl 
jimador squirt kush 
why do I do this ha ha 
taxes baby 
\im yursz xavier\ " haha :) o shit " 
yup stargate ;) 
stockpiling white snow in the appartments . hell yeah 5 bucks a snowball kids ;) 
o yup interestiong 
yeah feel like kicking ass . who wants to go first 
girls dissapoint me . i need women 
ok yup ... fucked up . chillin at the house my sister made me some spaghetti and went to buy me a coke :) good job 
im taking a day off :) 
i say things should be different . fuck 
yeah not looking forward to court tonight . fuck fuck 
:) luck works ha ha 
balls make winners 
Im addicted to all pleasures I can enjoy in this body . Yeah 
Drinking , smoking . Poor substitutes 
HAHA but fuck it ! the high replaces emotions there is no going back this dark path im heading for 
interesting 
onnit :| 
yeah who got a wii\ 
0711 2626 0434 9359 
I can only assume we just aren't capable of completely understanding what it is we need or want , how close are we able to get it ? ... of luck and faith who dominates 
jail time ;) 
ever feel like .... damn i need to fuck ! haha 
i went looking for some snacks and i remember taks days somehow seemed less bad whenever there were snacks involved :) 
a deep breath . a lot of work to do , a lot 
Rank of my addictions 1 : sex drugs sleep food 
I'm awake 
o yes :) 
so the deeper u dig ... * sighs * nope not feeling inspirational 
