Twenty Ten ? Where the hell is my flying car ? I feel cheated . 

Disappointed in my Mountie's today . Oh well .... 
I'm beginning to see a light at the end of this long dark hot < PROPFIRST > tunnel . 
They should promote me straight to Colonel or Sergeant < PROPMALE > . 
I saw a dust devil today about 2000 feet high and about a half mile across . It was neat . 
OMG ! It's 1:30 . I'm laying here reading and this huge camel spider crawls down the wall and hops on my bed . Yikes !! 
I am packing my gear .... 
Got a Certificate of Achievement from command here today . That was kinda neat . 
has officially finished his duty here . It's been signed over to another unit . Now I'm waiting for a chopper to take my first leg of the journey home . 
is stuck for a little while . Killing time till I catch the big bird home . 
is trying to get out of Iraq . Where's my damn plane ? 
is stuck because of horrible dust storms . I haven't seen the sun in two days ! 
hasn't seen the sun in three days now . 
Dust dust go away , come again some day after I freaking leave !!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ...... 
Air is clear and planes are flying .... woot . Now where's mine ? 
Iraq is like Disneyland , really .... 
Yesterday at the Dining Facility it was Pilipeno night . Hmmmm ... 
\I got a job at the airport .... parking jets . I think they are gonna let me go though . I keep locking the keys in the cockpit . The they caught me the other day with an eighty foot ladder and a coat hanger in the window . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wright " 
Someone is always fucking something up so we can't go home . Sigh ..... 
Groundhog day ? 
I hear stirrings of a flight . Hmmmm ... 
Barring anything stupid happening , and this is the Army , I should have boots on ground in the good ole USA on the 16th ! Hooray ! 
Still haven't left !!! Dust .... grrrr . 
Sitting waiting to board my flight out of Iraq . Bout time ... 
It feels good to be home ! 
There's no place like home , there's no place like home . Is this home ? 
Just got back from Wild Wonderful . Had a great time seeing family and old friends . Should they be playing those 80's songs on the oldies stations ? 
I come home from Iraq and it won't stop raining . What kind of shit is that ? 
A 16 year old boy on my son's football team died today due to complications of heat stroke . My son is confused and devastated . Such a young life ended much too soon . It appears to be quite the medical mystery , as when he was afflicted it was 75 degrees 
In Gatlinburg , Tennessee for a getaway weekend . Yea ! 
Smokey Mountain Brewery . Nine brews , nine 5 ounce samplers , $7.00 . Hell yeah ! The < PROPFEMALE > Gap Wheat and the Cherokee Red Ale were awesome . 
Fort Campbell High wins both of their opening scrimmage games during the Football Jamboree . Next Friday , the lights go on for the regular season . I smell a third championship in the making . Conar was a beast ! 
Block leave is over . I gotta go play soldier 05:30 in the morning . 
Does this mean I have to pack away my white clothes soon ? 
Can someone gift me a goat please ? 
Someone Farmville me a Passion Fruit tree ! I don't have that one ! 
WVU is playing as well as I've seen them play in a long time . Can they keep it up ? GO MOUNTAINEERS ! 
Rephrase , SEC referees fucking suck . They are stealing this game from us . Have they even called a penalty on Auburn ? 
No team can win a game giving away five turnovers . 
Well , the Mountaineers tried to give that one away . Oh well , a win is a win . The second half was much better than the first . 
Thank each and every one of you for your Veterans Day greetings . The sacrifices we make are ones we choose to make and are proud to make them . We each have our reasons for serving but in the end , the result is the same . I always feel those that came before me deserve the most credit . Many of them made the ultimate sacrifice . Freedom is not free . It's paid for by the blood of patriots . 
Fort Campbell High School plays second round of the playoffs tonight against our old rivals Trigg Country . I'm expecting quite a game . 
Fort Campbell 41 , Trigg County 7 Ah yes ..... 
Fort Campbell 28 , < PROPMALE > 21 . 21 yd touchdown pass for the win with 14.5 seconds remaining . Conar was a beast on defense with 5 solo tackles . 
With or without religion , you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things . But for good people to do evil things , that takes religion . 
Religon is regarded by the common people as true , by the wise as false and by the rulers as useful . Everyone enjoy your families and friends today ! 
Fort Campbell High wins the state division title against < PROPMALE > County 30-16 . We advance to the championship game in Bowling Green at WKU Stadium next Friday at 3 pm against Louisville DeSales . WVU knocked off Pitt as well ! Woot ! It was a good night !!!! 
I saw an segment on TV today about how to control holiday ' overspending ' . How about we just don't spend ? Seems like such a waste of time and money to supposedly show people we love them with trinkets . How about just tellling them you love them and spend TIME with them ? Sigh ... 
Climatologist < PROPFIRST > Holden to congress .... He argued we can solve the problem . But the challenge here is that most of the public — including members of congress — struggle to understand even the basic science . And now , the leaked emails raise doubts about some of the climate scientists . Figures .... 
Fort Campbell High plays for the 2A State Championship today in Bowling Green against Louisville DeSales at 3 p.m. CST . Conar is starting defensive line . Go Falcons ! 
Woot ! I won a Chinese Cultural e-mail lottery ! I will ' get the sum of 500000.00 united states Dollars ' as soon as I give them my information ! Oh lucky day ! 
Fort Campbell High School is 2009 undefeated class 2A state champions . We beat Louisville DeSales 29-9 . Conar played an awesome game . He now has three state rings . Go Falcons ! 
The Mounties tried to loose that one , good thing Rutgers sucks ! Now I'm going shopping to buy Pitt some tissues . Muhahaha ! 
Let's remember the sacrifices that were made starting 58 years ago . I agonized over a 15 month deployment , yet some of the men that fought World War II were gone for 3 or more years . Those were some hard people . 
< PROPFEMALE > had her second wrestling match last night , she's improving ! She was fearless and lasted almost the entire first period . She would have done better if her knee hadn't got slammed . I'm proud of her . 
Yes , do you have < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in a can ? ....... Well , you better let him out . Hmmmm , that doesn't work so well anymore does it ? 
No snow for Tennesee . Of course , I have to drive to WV on the 23rd . They should have it cleaned up by then . I spent last Christmas in Iraq , no snow there either . 
Back in WV for the holidays . Good to see family and friends . Went to the WVU game last night , go eers ! Happy Holiday's to you and yours everyone . 
New Years with the norovirus . What a good start . 
Hmmm ... I think I'm going to Haiti .... I had to pick water operations as my MOS . 
Ok , no Haiti for me . I'm too close to my window for leaving the army so I get to stay here in our rear detachment . This of course didn't stop my chain of command from having me pull 24 hour operations yesterday in preperations . I haven't been this sore and tired in a long time . 
I've decided I don't believe in gravity . You can't show it's existance so it must not exist . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday greetings ! 
Moving to Northern WV very soon . Need networking !!! Looking for a job . Anyone have any leads ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 2012 ? Hmmm ... at least he's a true conservative . 
Thursday is my last day as a soldier . Where has the time gone ? 
I am now offically a civilian . What an interesting three years . 
We've a full tank of fuel , half a pack of cigarettes , 555 < PROPMALE > to Morgantown , it's dark and I'm wearing sunglasses . 
Back in Morgantown . Anyone up for some board gaming ? 
Gulf States threatened by Epic oil spill , massive flooding in Tennesee , Kentucky and Georgia ... sounds like God's punishment for voting Republican . HA ! 
Bee -- you -- tiff-full day .... 
According to the NHTSA , since 9/11 , over 375,000 Americans have died on our nations highways . How many have died by terrorist attacks ? We need to get our priorities fixed . 
READ THIS YOU AZ IMMIGRATION LAW LOVERS .... 
< PROPFIRST > Nixon , 1968 . Hmmm .... things are kinda the same aren't they ? 
Stupid Vampires . 
I need a new photo . That one is getting old . 
I was thinking I should head to the gulf with a bucket and something to collect oil . I could sell it to BP by the bucketfull and make a few dollars . Why not , can't find a job . Anyone want to invest $ 70,000 ? I'll give you 5% over the next two years . 
Wow , capitialism is inherently evil . We need to kill it . 
Why is it Republicans didn't worry about debt reduction until after they lost power ? 
I had a juvenile bald eagle sitting in my driveway today . I think he was hunting chipmunks . What a surprise ! 
I need crew people . It's work . $12.00 /hr and usually a lot of overtime . It's dirty ! 
I tried to start an atheist militant group . Problem is , we can't find any good reasons to kill people . 
I find it ironic that the \Tea Party\ " takes its name from a group of revolutionist terrorists that destroyed the property and stock of a private company in Boston harbor . " 
Hawks 41-9 over Elkins . Conar played his best game this season . He was crushing guys . He pancaked one HUGE defensive lineman so hard I swear the stadium shook . Hawks are now 4-0 . 
University High was down 7-21 vs . Hedgesville at half time . We won 35-28 ! Hedgesville made a valiant effort on a last minute drive after recovering the onside kick with about a minute to go . It was 4th and 3 on the 11 yard line with 15 seconds and we batted down the attempted pass for the tie . Hawks won and ruined Homecoming for Hedgesville . 
University High defeats Fairmont Senior 14-13 . 
University beats < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 48-14 . Conar sprains his ankle in his very last offensive play . Sigh ... He's got a few weeks before playoffs . 
University High over < PROPMALE > High 47-8 . University moves on to the Mohawk Bowl against Morgantown next week . Conar didn't play , they didn't need him , but he should be a go for next game . 
Three interceptions and a plethora of sacks , WVU can't beat anyone with that performance . The defense only allowed one touchdown but the offense has to score . The first TWO drives of the game were perfect ... then nothing . 
Why is it people think the government can DO something about unemployment ? The government neither controls nor causes it . I don't get this view . 
Well , that was kind of pointless . I guess everyone will vote for ' change ' again in two years . 
I lost my write in bid to become Surveyor for Monongalia country . I received exactly one vote . 
The claim : The United States will be \spending a whopping $200 million per day\ " on President Barack Obama's trip to < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
A suspected case of bacterial meningitis comes out of University High \ 
School in Monongalia County , that leaves one 16 year old man dead . \ 
\ 
The name of the deceased student has not been released , but officials \ 
from the Monongalia County Health Department say anyone who had casual \ 
contact with the man are not recommended for treatment at this time . \ 
REALLY ? WHO was it ? 
I heard today you can't spell \Dallas Cowboys\ " without \ " Blow Ass \"." 
Wow ! I heard this today .... \ 
Both countries were ' operating on stereotypes that have outlived their \ 
usefulness ' , US President Barack Obama said on Monday in response to a \ 
question on outsourcing and what < PROPFEMALE > would get from the deals struck \ 
in Mumbai . \ 
What ? Has everyone lost their minds ? Can we send ANYONE to govern that has the people's best interest ? Either that or I'm filling out my emigration papers . 
The United States is so advanced , we flush our waste and wash our sidewalks with drinking water . Be thankful you have potable water flowing from you taps . 
WikiLeaks : Making the world a more interesting place ! 
I'm about to declare my own republic . You know , like < PROPFIRST > did . 
I swear I have a Japanese exchange student living in my house . 
The President says things are ' improving ' in Afganistan . Really ? They should be after 10 freaking years !!! 
Why is it the wealthy that always suggest a flat income tax ? 
Is this crap over yet ? Happy Holidays everyone . 
Someone send < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > a DVD of My Name is < PROPMALE > . 
I had a guy < PROPMALE > me across a parking lot in his car because he didn't think I waited long enough at a four way stop . He made a BIG mistake . 
Holy Crap ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . You know you're getting old when the present you liked the most was a new blood pressure monitor . Sigh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > won her first match ! She place third in the tourney in her weight class ! 
Looks like we've lost our house . I got the FHA inspector from hell . Him and the seller's incompetence has cost me a nice house . 
20 years with my wonderful wife . I think she's stuck with me . Lucky girl ! 
We got our house ! Just when it looked like it was a goner we rebounded and closed on the 17th . Let the destruction begin . I've already torn out all the carpets , the oak hardwood is beautiful . She's 102 years old , but a grand ole gal . 
Anyone remember \The Money Pit \"?" 
