puette's not goin ' anywhere >_< but ill be in restriction for 45 days . see you nov 22 . 

just for the record , the weather today is calm and < PROPFEMALE > , but the air is full of bullshit . 
We just had a near-life experience ;) 
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future . 
Sometimes skulls are thick . Sometimes hearts are vacant . Sometimes words don't work . 
Et < PROPFEMALE > et moi , on était tellement sûr .. et on se disait quelques fois que c’était juste une aventure .. et que ça ne durerait pas 
Eternity bores me , I never wanted it . 
A man's face is his autobiography . A woman's face is her work of fiction . 
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead ; I lift my eyes and all is born again . 
I figure if < PROPFEMALE > could get us into this mess , I could get us out ... after all , God really likes to see a go-getter . 
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring . We must never , ever be boring . 
hey , it is what it is ... 
free . times one million ;) 
some people are just born human . the rest of us , we take a lifetime to get there . 
sofa < PROPMALE > cold 
si tu veux je veux bien t'aider a l'oublier 
Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of < PROPFEMALE > maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified ? 
ah , merde 
the moment you become embarrassed of who you are , you lose yourself 
fuggermuthaannn desk sergeannntttt 
Humanity takes itself too seriously . It is the world's original sin . If the cave-man had known how to laugh , History would have been different 
is unprofessional . 
shenanigans DO get old .. 
everything finally falls into place ... 
fuck ' em 
headed back to texas .. 
Désolé pour hier soir ... d'avoir fini à l'envers! Promis demain j'arrête de boire ..... hier c'était la dernière ... 
anyone know where you can watch lost season 6 online ? 
feels like death . 
work . then gotta work out after work ... then roller derby practice after working out . sweeeeet . 
is incredibly sore . can't even cough without wincing . 
Sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust , and when you're up , it's never as good as it seems , and when you're down , you never think you'll be up again , but life goes on . 
Nine hours of main gate ? I'd love to ! 
Just for the record , the weather today is calm and < PROPFEMALE > , but the air is full of bullshit . 
god ... tomorrow is my 2 year < PROPFIRST > for being in the Navy .. 
is it weird that i enjoy looking at plus size models ....? 
More and more , it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself . 
first day back on nights . fml . 
eleven tickets in three hours ... I rule . 
please god ? give us back < PROPFIRST > cash and we'll send you < PROPFIRST > bieber 
at chicago o'hare airport for 4 hours . boooo 
oprah should be president 
Going home to Bakersfield October 15-November 2nd . 
last working day for 30 days . byyyyeee 
ill be in bakersfield tomorrow 
life is hard , kid . you gotta be harder . you gotta take it on and fight for it and be a fucking man about how you live it . if you're too much of a pussy to do that , then maybe you should leave , cause you're dead already . 
Wellllllll ACTUALLY MA1 ....... 
Alright , here's what you're gonna do . First , login to your NKO and then you gotta find the BOL and then after the BOL you gotta do ur BUPERS that will lead you to your PARFAQ . then to do your PII and INCONUS training you gotta have your ESAMS which will lead you to your PRIMS and if you're lucky your TWMS ! 
seriously ? can things get ANY worse ?! 
Shotgunning anybody in this room would be the moral equivalent of killing a car , a vacuum cleaner , a < PROPFEMALE > doll . Erasing a computer disk , burning a book . 
thank you to whoever folded my laundry which i forgot about at the barracks ... even though you folded my underwear too ... kinda weird ... 
woke up late and locked myself out of my car with it running . great morning . 
what if the hokey pokey really is what it's all about ? 
now that im moving back to bakersfield soon and am going to join the bakersfield roller derby team what should my new roller derby name be ...? i dont plan on keeping my texas name .. 
hates online classes . ever think you know what day it is then turns out you're wrong ? yeah , not good when you have a final due that day ... luckily the professor understands my stupidity and is letting me turn in my final late . looks like I will get my two A's . 
i don't wanna turn 22 .. 
Your heart is my piñata . 
urinalysis twice in one week ... really ? navy-please send me home already , thanks . 
if I had a glass of wine I'd throw it in his face . 
so i put my car on craigs list and im pretty sure 80 percent of the people who have called ( which have been like 50 calls so far ) are illegal aliens wanting to use it to take drugs across the border ... 
selling my car Sunday for $975 .... aaaaaand now i don't have a car .. 
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes !! :) 
so i've come up with three roller derby names i like and none of them are taken . so tell me which one i should pick : Wino Gyno , Stinky Pinky or Stanky Panky 
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up . 
Quite the day today ... found out my separation date .. ten days from today . And lost the keys to my rental in a grocery store . After 30 < PROPFEMALE > of panic someone turned them in :D 
I will be back home in bakersfield by april 21st :) 
Dear DFAS , please pay me on the 15th . thanks . 
Correction : I will be home thursday the 21st :D 
Third time to ER in three months . Kidney infection and 101 temperature . Great . 
Parting with an honorable discharge and 4 grand Navy is paying me for getting out on thursday . 
Well my barracks room is practically empty ... only took like 6 hours of going up n down stairs to throw everything away . I'm ready to go home ! 
Navy life's over . It just got packed away in 6 boxes . 
I'm a civilian now ... I don't know what to do .. I feel a little sad about it .. 
my life in a nutshell is a big ass nutshell 
whatever other people think of you is none of your business 
your heart is my piñata . 
Could you hold the chainsaw a bit closer to your mouth , please ? 
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything . 
cleaned my cat's ears with vinegar .... i think he hates me now :( 
so my old base i was stationed at just called and said i need to come in for a dental cleaning ..... hmmm ... wow . 
^^ black name , white face . 
if u have an erection lasting for more than 4 hours call ur Doctor . \ 
If I had a erection lasting longer than 4 hours , I'd call everyone I know ..... not the Doctor . 
5K ( 3.1 ) < PROPMALE > in 34 minutes . not bad first time up . 
< PROPFEMALE > whyyyy .... god she had such talent :( 
I have an awesome boyfriend :D 
i observe , i don't < PROPMALE > . 
You either have it , or you've had it . 
Looks like I am going to Taft College instead of BC , and seeing as how i live on the far east side , it's going to be an hour drive just to get there . 
Don't you hate not being taken seriously ? 
I'm excited to start college , most of my old classmates are just graduating and I'm just barely starting ... glad to have served in the military though :D 
My cat's breath repulses me . 
School starts in 2 weeks :D Thank god . I need to be busy . 
Just woke up from having same apocalyptic/nuclear bomb nightmare four times in a row . Scared to sleep . 
My cat just ripped off a mouse's head and ate it whole ... how sweet ... 
Any tips on finding a missing/lost cat ? Voltaire has been gone for 4 days now , which is very out of the ordinary for him to be gone more than 12 hours . I've left fish out , informed all the neighbors , and have been searching for him twice a day in the neighborhoood . Am i missing anything ? 
new kitten , no sleep . surprisingly , he isn't waking me up by running around and knocking things over , he wakes me up by licking my face , biting my nose and constantly meowing wanting to be cuddled . 
a FOUR hour class just wouldn't be complete without an old dude coughing up a lung every two minutes ... fml 
\The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn . \ " \ 
it's like < PROPFIRST > waits for the MILLISECOND I'm done cleaning his litter box to use it > : [ 
Go to Heaven for the climate , Hell for the company . \ 
-Twain 
The joys of driving to Taft : Watching a guy on his motorcycle pull off his full-head mask to puke violently all over the street at a red light . 
I never look forward to my four hour Spanish class on Wed nights . It's a culmination of the most obnoxious , immature and loud 18 year olds ( half of which already know Spanish ) and the teacher is new and too scared to tell them to shut up already . 
Every time I fall asleep I dream about Voltaire :( 
I get to see < PROPMALE > Soto this Saturday !!! <3 
Am I the only one who enjoys doing homework ? 
last night instead of giving us a lecture , my POSC professor had us watch a VIDEO of himself giving a lecture . for half an hour . the entire time he watched himself in his computer . -___- cmon ..... 
Bye < PROPMALE > Soto drive safely , love . Miss you already <3 
Salt ' N Pepa at the fair monday !! I HAVE TO GO >_< 
what's with everyone posting REALLY long updates about sappy stories ? its annoying . 
