Happy New Year ! 

I LOVE being off on Fridays ! Wahoo ! 
Just got back from our annual NTEU Christmas party . It was a BIG sucess ! 
I really need to get my behind in gear and bake some sugar cookies . 
Im so excited for Christmas !! Cant even wait for my kids to open their gifts ! 
Getting ready to brave the cold and head down to Christmas Village to look at the lights . I'm thinking hot cocoa is a must ! 
On my way with < PROPMALE > to see the orthodontist . This is the first , of two , appointments to get his braces . Wish him luck ! 
His appointment was cake ! All they did was make molds ( impressions ) of his mouth . Next week he gets his braces put on . Oddly enough - he is really excited about it . 
Off to the pool we go ! I LOVE to swim ! 
Todays the big day ! < PROPMALE > gets his braces ! He's way excited to get them on ... hopefully he'll still be excited in a few hours ( after he has them ) . 
Almost packed . Heading to DC for the week ( work ) but am glad I have awesome friends coming with me ! Yay ! 
I got the day off ... I'm a happy girl ! Life is good . 
Going to see ' Twi-Lite : I was a teenage Vampire ' at the Desert < PROPFEMALE > Theater this afternoon with the family ! It should be lots of fun ! 
It's Friday ! Yahoo !!!! 
Ugh !!! The New Face Book Sucks ! 
I've cleaned and aired out the entire house as well as spraying the whole place down with Lysol . I'm hoping the kids all feel better tomorrow ! I hate it when they're sick ! Breaks my heart ! 
Just got back from Balboa Park - it was absolutely beautiful ! Disneyland tomorrow ! 
Raindrops keep falling on my head ... 
Tonys baseball team made it to the playoffs !. Go Bears ! 
Tonys team won ! 6 to 4 ! Go Bears ! 
Good morning ! Good morning ! Good morning ! Its time to rise and shine ! 
Sunday ... grocery shopping and yard work . Perfect . = 0 ) 
I have lots of blackberry bush starts I'm getting rid of . If you want some let me know . They are delicious but they have vicious thorns . 
< PROPFIRST > has a baseball game tomorrow ( Monday ) at 5 @ Fort Bueneventura . Go Bears ! 
Theres nothing like a glass of red wine ( cabernet sauvignon tonight ) and olives to end the day . Very nice ... ;-) 
Yasterday we built four 5x5 raised gardens in the back yard . Today we are gonna fill them with dirt ! Tomorrow ... veggies ! 
The delivery man from Lowes said our delivery weighed in at 6000 lbs . Thats over 2 tons of dirt , cow poop and bricks . I dont think I will be able to mo 
ve tomorrow . Calgon ! Take me away ! 
I LOVE Two Times Tuesday from Dominos ! Yummy ! 
Having Fridays off RULES ! 
Hooray for Friday ! 
Slumber Party ! Thursday 6-8pm @ my house . Text or call if you need the address ! See you then ! 
< PROPFIRST > is making steak fajitas for dinner . I LOVE that my kids cook ! 
Yeah Saturday ! My favorite day ! 
Set a goal to start jogging a couple times a week . Went for the first time this morning with my new puppy and jogging < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ( she is super cute and has lots of energy ) . We only ran for about 10 minutes - hopefully we'll get better over time . ; 0 ) 
What are you doing Saturday morning ? Come help < PROPFIRST > Granato , democratic Senate candidate , campaign at the parade in Taylorsville ! We'll be walking around passing out flyers . It will be fun ! I'll be there - you should too ! Let me know if you're interested and I'll send you the details ! 
Day 2 of the jogging experiment . Jogged for 10 minutes . After walking in the parade yesterday and jogging today - I'm not sure I'll be able to walk tomorrow . Ouch ! 
Bad news . My jogging pal just got back from the Vet . She has a bad case of kennel cough so she's on antibiotics and out of commission as far as running goes for the next 10 - 14 days . I guess I'll have to talk < PROPFIRST > into running with me for a bit . = 0 ) Oh yeah , for those of you who were wondering - I was able to walk today . ;) 
Today was my last day as Chapter President . Next week I start my new job as a Labor Relations Specialist . Wow ! Kinda crazy ! 
The kids and I are going to see Eclipse today ! I'm excited ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me the bag of pumpkin seeds are really good . Hmmm ... we dont have any pumpkin seeds so I ask her what she's talking about and she points to the bag of small dog treats I just bought for the new puppy ! HAhahahahah ! Still laughing ! 
Those new puppy treats ( you know - the ones my daughter thinks are delicious ) are working ! Taught the dog to sit today - what a smart cookie . The scooby snacks aka pumpkin seeds work wonders ! 
Both dogs have taken all of their antibiotics ( kennel cough ) however it seems like they are more sick than when they started . This is no good . I'm hoping the Vet is open today . = 0 ( 
< PROPFIRST > and I spent our first anniversary at Mesa Verde National Park in Colorado . It was absolutely beautiful ! No phone , no tv , just peace and quite = fabulous ! 
Ugh ! My air conditioner has gone on strike and is refusing to blow cold air ! No Good ! No good at all ! 
Ahhhh ... cold air ! Love it ! 
Wahoo ! Its FRIDAY !! 
Went on a hike this morning . It was sooooo nice ! 
Have you watched the sitcom : Arrested Development ? Thats some funny shi ... stuff . ;) 
Yummy ! BETOS ! 
Hooray for Saturday !! 
Off to the Farmers Market ! Hoping to find some eggplant since my puppy ate all of the ones out of my garden . Dang dog ! 
The Farmers Market was great ! If you haven't been - you should go ! Saturdays from 8:00 - 1:00 on 25th Street @ the Municipal Gardens . Fresh locally grown fruits and veggies , food vendors and arts and crafts booths . Very cool ! 
My husband says he'll stop playing his video game in just a minute ... He says its a promise'ish . Yeah right ! What the hell is a promise'ish ??? 
Men and their addiction to video games ... I just dont get it . =o ) 
Watching chick flicks with my baby girl ( well - she's not really a baby anymore but she'll always be my baby ! ) 
Why oh why do people think its okay to wear brown slacks with a black shirt ?. Its NOT ! 
Ugh ... Monday ... Need I say more ? 
You are my sunshine ... my only sunshine ... \ 
You make me happy ... when skies are gray ... 
Waffles with strawberries and whip cream ! Mmmm . Mmmm . Good ! 
It's two times Tuesday at Dominos Pizza ! I Love Tuesdays ! 
Just saw the cutest free kittens at Smiths on 12th and < PROPMALE > . It was hard not to take one home ! 
Yeah Saturday !! 
1 in every 10 people is gay . That means 1 in every 10 people is put down , given bad labels , bullied , isolated , put in a minority & so much more . Many gay teens are turning to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them LIFE WILL GET BETTER & you RESPECT them for who they are , copy & paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
Dang it ! I did NOT win the lottery ... again ! 
Booo ! Stuck at a train ! =o ( 
Today's the day ! VOTE ! = 0 ) 
Love listening to Ludacris - Red Light District while im working . 
Off to the dentist . Ugh ! 
God , give me the strength to deal with this hormonal , preteen girl of mine . Help me to remember she is still the sweet daughter I once knew and that in a couple of years - she'll turn back into that sweet girl . Also , gagging her and putting her in a corner until she outgrows this stage would be considered a crime so ... just help me to be patient and get through it ! Amen . 
My belly sure does LOVE Indian food ! Yummy ! 
I splurged and bought a Red < PROPFEMALE > cake at Costco this afternoon ! Its DELICIOUS ! Yummy ! 
My baby girl is sick today . Looks like it will be a stay at home and watch cartoons kind of day . 
I hate trains ... 
Its warmed up to a cozy 18 degrees . Its still too damn cold ! Brrrr ! 
Mmmmm . Watermellon Jolly Ranchers are Delicious ! =o ) 
Just got home with our Christmas tree . Its perfect and it smells fabulous ! 
Anyone seen a snowplow this morning ? Heck ... has anyone seen the road this morning ? From my window , there's no difference between the yard and the road - its all covered in white . 
Waiting in line to see the principal ... just like old . times . =o ( . \ 
two thumbs way down ! 
I am so tired today . Im in the waiting room at the doctors office listening to elevator music trying to keep my eyes open . Music ... not ... helping ... snore ... 
Listening to Christmas music while wrapping presents . Love it ! 
Okay , okay . I admit I might have gone a little overboard on Christmas this year ... but only a bit ! = 0 ) 
My super cool sister got us both massages ! She just went back . I go in after she's done . So excited ! 
Monday .... ugh ! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! 
A three day workweek and then a long Christmas break ! Wahoo !! 
At work , on hold for 40 mins waiting for the IT help desk . My computer says a fatal error occured . No computer = no work . Its a Monday ! Boo ! 
Good news ! The IT guy showed up and said he could fix the computer . He started the 4 hour fix . Guess it wasnt fatal afterall !. =o ) 
Presents are all wapped ! Its a Christmas miracle ! =o ) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! May your day be filled with laughter and love ! 
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do . \ 
~ Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Just went and saw the new Narnia movie in 3D with the family . It was really good ! 
After 12 years of good work , my washer died . Boo ! Bought a new washer this afternoon - will be here Sat . Hope its as good and lasts as long as the last one . 
The last day of 2010 ! Make it a good one ! 
I spend more at the dentist office than I spend anywhere else . AND I dont leave with anything shiny and sparkly , I just leave just poor . Two thumbs down ! 
My daughter is giving me a pedicure ! She's the best daughter EVER ! Loving it ! 
Swimming wore me out ! I'm a tired girl ! Yawn ... 
Hand sanitizer + paper cuts = Ouch ! 
You have brains in your head . You have feet in your shoes . You can steer yourself , any direction you choose . \ 
~ Dr. Seuss 
Its Friday !! Wahoo !! 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing . \ 
~ Walt Disney 
I have decided to stick with love . Hate is too great a burden to bear . \ 
~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
Today you are You , that is truer than true . There is no one alive who is Youer than You . \ 
-- Dr. Seuss 
I love the smell of freshly brewed coffee in the morning ! Mmmmm Mmmmm Good ! 
Football , football , football . All day ... football . Rooting for the Jets and the Packers ! 
Time for a nacho run ! 
7-11 nachos are not as good as I remember them being ... =o ( 
Wahoo !! Go Packers !! 
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't , you're right . \ 
~ < PROPFIRST > Ford 
Brought my lunch but decided Macho Nachos ( although very unhealthy ) sounded much better ! Yummy ! 
Ugh ... i feel really FAT today ! Blah ! 
Swimming = a very tired girl . 
Just got an awesome pedicure from my daughter ! She ROCKS ! 
Love is an irresistible < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistibly < PROPFEMALE > d . \ 
~ < PROPFIRST > Frost 
Ugh ! What a looooooong day at work ! 
I hate it when I forget where I park and walk out the wrong door ! Dang it ! 
I put steel-cut oats in a crock-pot and let cook overnight . I woke up to creamy , yet firm , oatmeal . Added strawberries and blackberries , it's delicious ! The ( new ) breakfast of champs ! ( The old breakfast of champs was cheesecake - I might have to rotate ! ) 
Heartburn , you mindless thug , you are not my friend ! Go Away ! 
My son tells me he cant go to school because he's contagious . When I ask what he'd be infecting people with , he responds with : a serious case of awesomeness . 
Wednesday ! The halfway < PROPFIRST > of the workweek ! Finally ! 
What a BEAUTIFUL day ! 
With time , us middle aged women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look in the mirror I will think - Good Grief , look how smart I am , I must be a genius !! I read this on a friends < PROPFEMALE > and had to steal it . 
Ahhhhh ... the kids are all tucked in and im snuggled up next to my guy watching Mad Men . Life is good . =o ) 
Pedicure or no pedicure ....? 
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Sitting at the orthodontist with < PROPMALE > . Poor kid , they're going to put a temporary implant ( post ) into his jaw to use as an anchor . Ouch ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , my friend , thanks for the Sobe Green Tea ! You ROCK ! 
Banana 
Ugh ! I forgot how much I hate wearing nylons . Getting a tan just got bumped up on my priority list ! 
Taco Tuesday , here I come ! 
If you cant roll down your car window , dont go through the drive through ! Duh ! 
Yummy ! My breakfast this morning , oatmeal with strawberries , blackberries , blueberries and walnuts , taste more like dessert than breakfast . mmmm , mmmm , good ! 
Tough love ... that's what my son tells me . ; 0 ) 
Off to work I go . Yeehaw . 
Ugh ! Im sick and grouchy today . Two thumbs way down ! 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . \ 
~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Stuck in a plane at the airport while maintenance checks it out . Didnt make it through take off . =o ( . 
The brakes on the plane have to be replaced . Will take about an hour . No other available planes so ... hanging out . Good times . ;o ) 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps thanking me for my < PROPFEMALE > . I dont have any left to give ! I just want to get to my destination ! Ugh ! 
Finally made it to Nashville ! Cross your fingers my luggage made it as well ! 
FYI . Breakfast food from Wendys is not a good thing . Way too much grease this early in the morning . Two thumbs WAY down ! 
Have I mentioned how much I love the weekends ! Two thumbs WAY up ! 
Cursed alarm clock ! It cant alreay be time to get up ! How did the morning get here so quickly ? Seems like I just shut my eyes . 
It's Friday ! Yahoo ! 
Taking my son to get his learners permit in the morning . I cant believe my baby will be driving ! Wow ! 
Anyone in need of a chauffeur ? My son needs to log 40 hours of driving time ... and he just REALLY wants to drive ... EVERYWHERE ! = 0 ) 
Oh man ! I forgot to bring my IPod to work ! Boo ! Two thumbs down ! 
\Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths . \"-- Etty Hillesum " 
Hooray for Friday ! =D 
Survived my sons first driving lesson in my car ( < PROPMALE > transmission ) . Im hoping the clutch and tires survived - something was burning . 
My kids are AWESOME ! = 0 ) 
Lowes is giving away free trees today for Earth day ! Run down and grab one ! On my way to get mine now ! 
Monday ?! Already !?! Ugh ! 
\The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Went to the doctor yesterday . Everything looks good . < PROPFIRST > is weighing in at 4- 4.6 lbs ( he's a big boy ! ) . Couldn't get a length on him , he didn't want to cooperate . He is currently breech but the doctor thinks he'll turn by the next visit . Getting very excited to meet this little guy ! 
Three cheers for taco Tuesday ! Hooray ! 
My son turned 16 today ! Wow ! Its hard to believe its already been 16 years . Time goes by so fast . 
\Always do right . This will gratify some people and astonish\ 
It's been a rough weekend - both of my grandmas passed away . My mom's mom , < PROPFEMALE > , passed away Friday night and my dad's mom , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , passed away last night . Glad they are both out of pain but miss them already . 
