uuuugh I'm considering throwing together a Zoey cosplay for SDCC ... but I feel bad about it because I have only played L4D two or three times and I suck at it . So conflicted !! 

Transformers 2 sucked balls . Humping dogs/robots , farts , robot balls and Robo-Wayans Brothers ? WHATTHEFUCK ? Oh , and < PROPFEMALE > Fox ? Not hot . In fact , LESS hot than she was before . Goddammit , I wasted $20 fucking dollars . I want those 3 hours of my life back . 
I really should overhaul this profile . >>;; I has better things to do than FACEBOOK . * pfft * 
Fabric shorppings !! Yaaay ! Then home to work on Saber's boots some more . Hopefully I'll get the gloves in today so I can start adding stuff to them . 
Going to try to use the rest of my night to do something productive ! 
Pin tucks ! Pin tucks ! Pin tucks ! AUGH !!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was pretty damn awesome . Sleep nao . 
I'm finishing Yuna today or I'm going to cease to exist . Srs . 
Almost done with Yuna . Now , I plan on sleeping until noon . Ugh . 
Goddammit ! Work keeps cutting hours like mad . At least I'm not the girl who didn't get ANY . Ugh . If this keeps up , I'm going to need a second jorb . DO NOT WANT . 
needs to find Bendy Sculpey . Oh , and invisible elastic . 
HOLY CRAP !! Thunder like woah ! I just about sewed through my fingers , it was so loud ! >>;; Bleeding on Yuna is not allowed ! 
COMIC CON !!! YEAH !! :D 
should be sewing or fabric hunting for Unohana . Methinks lazing about watching 2nd season Haruhi and K-ON ! to be much more appropriate . 
I get thisclose to finishing my Saber skirt ... and then I realize I forgot to buy a zipper . Fuck living 23 < PROPMALE > out of town . Seriously . 
laaaaazy . 
is going to need a bigger boat . 
wishes she had enough money for the KMFDM show in October .... here's hoping NDK doesn't eat all of my money . > < 
Reel Big Fish with Allerz tomorrow !! I have nothing for them to sign ! Ohhhh noooo !! > XD Oh well . After the concert , I'm buckling down and becoming a recluse to finish all these cosplays ! 
Got my fucking KATANA SIGNED BY REEL BIG FISH !! HELL YEAH !! > XD Shit .... now I have to get a new sword for Unohana ! Oh well , it was worth it ! 
Isn't it funny how all it takes is one little blog entry by a \friend\ " to ruin a perfectly good day ? " 
A night with < PROPFIRST > and the prospect of getting shit done tomorrow made me feel better . That and Maret did a Happy Shaunners Medicine Dance . <3 
got some suuuuuun ! <3 Now I get to make Luka headphones ! 
WHAAAAAARBAAAAARGLE !!! 
I'm suddenly not all too excited about NDK . Too much work and too many irritating people . ; ; I'm sure I'll get over it ... maybe . 
Really , really wants the Final Fantasy Dissidia PSP bundle . Really . Really . Why must it be released with NDK so close ?! Life is cruel ! 
It sucks when it feels like everything is crashing down around me . I guess when it rains , it pours . T_T 
DISSIDIA DISSIDIA DISSIDIA !! :D I'ma charging up mah PSP for this wonderful occasion . <3 
YEEEEAHHHH BOOOOOYY !!! I have 22 HOURS next week ! AWESOME !! <3 Money is good ! > XD It'll kill my cosplay time , but THATS OKAY !! Ooooh such a relief ! I thought I was out of a job ! 
Loaded weekend coming . No < PROPFIRST > for a week and I'm going to HAUL ASS on cosplays . Here's hoping I can make it down to < PROPMALE > for wig extensions . 
I really wish I had my iPod right now . Final Fantasy X piano arrangements are stuck in my head . 
Worried about < PROPFIRST > . : < 
just ... ugh . 
I love my NDK people so much ! They're the best <3 Thanks for an awesome weekend you guys ! 
ISN'T SICK . :D 
Can't sleep , but I Evil < PROPFEMALE > has now reverted into Sweet < PROPFEMALE > .... which just means she's asleep . She'll turn back once I turn off my laptop and the power supply stops cranking out heat . 
Trying to make sense of the disaster area that is my room . This ALWAYS happens after a con . I need to get a better system ! Also , photoshoot offers from a mostly nude/nigh-to-pornographic photog ? Uuuuh scary . I blame The Cube !!! 
Uuuugh I need to update this better . >:/ How droll . At least I got NDK done ! 
< PROPFIRST > has some godawful shoes stinking up the bottom of her closet . > < Daaaaayyyyyuuuum . It turns out I have a pair of Tevas that have been hiding in there too ! Awesome ! 
Eeeeeeyeeeeaaaah !! I got free Square-Enix stuff !! Its like a cookie , only better ! :D 
Looks like a couple of my accounts were hacked . O.o ; Nothing was messed with though , thank god . Password change time ! Email and everything . > < 
Tempted to get my ears pierced again , once I have the monies . 
Two things . I really need a new job and I feel like I'm going to puke . They fit together oh-so-well . T_T Job hunting today . Oh joy . 
When I was told it was going to snow this week , I thought it was a joke . Welcome to Colorado . 
You'll get nothing and like it ! 
I'm gonna need a boomstick for Halloween . <3 
I has a boomstick ! :D Thank you , Walmart ! Now I just need the chainsaw-hand . HI < PROPFIRST > . STOP PLAYING HOMEWORLD AND MAKE ME ONE ! <3 I already love you forever , so I can't promise you that . Coffee cake ? Tomorrow the rifle holster gets made ! 
Whats with everyone tossing their cats out in the snow and taking pictures of it ?! Why wasn't I informed of this !! I HAVE 4 OF THEM !!! 
They Might Be Giants tomorrow , < PROPMALE > Zombie on Friday , a new picture of my Yuna from Alain/IdolatryStudios , a wonderful boyfriend , and a blossoming idea for a Starfest costume . Life is great at this particular moment in time . <3 
TMBG kicked so much ass . The only time I've seen that much nerd in one place is Starfest , just less Trek/Wars . <3 On to < PROPMALE > Zombie ! YEEEEAAAAH !! 
Tuckers . All out of them . 
Looks like I'm going to pick up some extra money by helping fix a boat load of kiddie costumes for the place my mom works at . On top of that , they want me to come in and tell them about cosplay and steampunk , maybe even < PROPFEMALE > fashion . O.O ;;; I guess I better brush up ! 
I has TWO Arceus now ! :D Ha-HA ! I'm such a nerd . 
Woo ! I found headphones for Magnet Luka and I get to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . I venture out to the scary far off land of Greeley to find a copy of Pokemon FireRed . I must be brave ! 
Today I learned that most of the women from Greeley hate their real eyebrows and have a thing for Sharpies . * shudder * At least I got a copy of FireRed . My internet is now shiternet , so I will be playing with my Charizard for the rest of the night . HOW DO I HAVE ANY FRIENDS ?!! O.O ; 
95% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > CULLEN standing on top of a sky scraper about to jump . If ur one of the 5% who would sit there eating pop corn saying \DO A FLIP !! \ " copy and paste this as your post . " 
Who wants to go with me to see Tally Hall on the 5th ? Tickets are only $15.25 ! Hmmmm ????? <3 
Yaaaay I ordered my ELwire and my wig for Magnet Luka ! <3 Now I have to wait and work on my dress and headphones . Oh what fun . :P 
Yeeeeah ! Tally Hall tonight ! :D I got my yellow tie all set to go ! Can't wait ! 
I guess I kicked the wall in my sleep last night . ><;; I kicked it hard enough to split my toenail open . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF I hate that ! Oh well , at least I finish shopping for Luka today ( I hope ) . Allerz Time ! 
Sammich , then bed . Mmmm sammich . <3 
NDKNYE : Is it just me , or did the whole \formal attire\ " rule just go out the window ? This ought to be amusing . " 
Everyone around me is sick ! AUGH ! I'm going to drown myself in Emergen-C , Airborne , and Orange juice for the next two weeks . Like HELL I'm going to get all dressed up only to be snotty and yucky ! D:< 
I ... I think I finished my headphones . O.O ; I may take them apart to cover up the EL wire along the headband . Its shines right through the cover . What a pain . 
I die a little inside each time I remember that I left all of my ribwiches at < PROPFIRST>'s house . * sigh * So hungry ... ; ; 
I just had my laugh for the night . Idiots are highly amusing when they are not being highly irritating . 
My dress is done ! My mom is AMAZING ! D: As much as I wish that I had done all that workmyself , she saved my ass and did a MUCH better job than I would have . I am going to clean the house as payment . <3 
I can't seem to find used copies of Folklore or Eternal Sonata for PS3 . Sad day . I guess I can just get DMC4 and BlazBlue until then . 
Yay ! I found a used copy of Folklore for under $20 ! Now I need to hunt down Eternal Sonata . :/ Now to bide my time until the NYE thingy . We're all going to be so fancy ! 
Hoooookah House . Seriously eyeballing the pretty blue and purple hookahs next to me . Do I have 50$ I want to spend now ? Mmmmmaybe . 
Things are making a large downward spiral and I'm not sure as to why . :/ \ 
At least I have awesome friends to help me stay upbeat and my Kebbins to hold onto when I fall apart on occasion . 
Hmmmm ... what project do I start next ? 
Oooh I found a cow kigurumi that I am tempted to get . Why cow ? No idea . Trying to figure that one out myself . >>;; 
Anime Expo planning ahoy ! :D 
Thank GOD I finally put all those wigs up for sale ! I'm going to need the money if they keep cutting my hours again . ><; Over half of them are sold or called for now . 
It sucks that I get depressed going through product at work . Nothing like being reminded how old you are by a bunch of goddamn CHEESE . 
I hate going through old/saved emails . I always end up feeling like shit and that everything I have now is a complete waste . :/ 
iDye is seriously awesome stuff ... but I REALLY wish the display had a color chart on it . All the yellows look so much alike on the packaging , so I ended up with the wrong color . Poor Yuna's obi is now a sad brownish yellow . Hello , Dye Remover and new dye pack . -_- 
Oh dear God !! The work ! It doesn't stop ! D: 
I want to watch K-on ! through again ... but I have so many others I need to finish ! ; ; K-on <3 
Oh , isolation . Wonderful when you want it , beyond hell to endure when its forced on you . 
Stupid work ! You are impedeing progress on Luka and Yuna ! How DARE you ! 
Final Fantasy WEEK ?! Just a week for something I love so much ?! I'm hurt by this ! Oh , and FFXIII in less than a month . Pissing myself in anticipation . You have no idea . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! :3 It started out poopy , but you guys made it all better ! <3<3<3 YOU ALL !! 
The day after I leave < PROPFIRST > is always the worst . The days only get progressively worse from that point . ; ; * wibble * 
I'm seriously tempted to be a selfish , evil bitch and trade in the Xbox 360 I got < PROPFIRST > for the FFXIII Xbox 360 lim . ed . bundle . SO SEXY . * sigh * I'm not that heartless . 
Sewing my ass off tomorrow !! My machine had better behave ! D: 
Goddammit Porcupine Tree ! Why aren't you coming through CO ?! Did we do something to upset you !?! * cry * 
Admiral Ackbar is going to be at Starfest ! I'm sure he will beat the snot out of the first tard to shout \Its a trap ! \"." 
I got paid today , but it doesn't make up for having to work today and tomorrow when I would rather ( should be ) getting Luka and Yuna done . Ugh . I hope next week is a bit more chill . 
Baking and cosplay all crammed into one day . Oh joy ! Here's hoping I don't screw up Yuna's sleeves . Stupid gradient ! 
OMNOMNOMNOM Kokoro chicken curry bowl ! <3 
I just realized a few of you have given me a reason to bring my Nidorina cosplay out of hiding for ALW . Here's hoping I can obtain a better wig . Also , surprise job interview tomorrow . O.O ;; She pretty much told me I already have the job ... and I'm a little weirded out by that . 
Wasabi will be a nice break for my hands . ; ; My thumb is split open and a few other fingers are close to splitting too . UGH . My ruined hands make me hate my job . 
If I were smart/retarded I would call in \sick\ " on Thursday and get my cosplays done ... but I'm neither smart nor retarded . Looks like I'll have to haul ass !! " 
I have nothing done . NOTHING . I feel like I wasted my entire day on two cosplays that will not get finished due to wigs never showing up . Yuna looks gaudy and clunky as hell and H-type Luka's corset is SHIT . I still have a shitton of stuff to do and not just on my stuff either . Work on Wed/Thurs is not helping and I highly doubt I'll get to be down before Friday . Oh yeah , and I still have to pack . FUCK . MY . LIFE . 
Panic Mode is off . I cut out Yuna until I can get her the way I want . Luka corset problem sort of solved . I found an old corset thinger from my Hot Topic days . Finally I'll make some use of it ! Also , finishing Shaymin gijinka so I have something else . Now I have a little more time to breathe . 
My boy makes the best sandviches . <3 
FFXIII is full of love . <3 
MOAR FFXIII !! 
I love how the majority of my friends on here are playing FFXIII . <3 Its a beautiful thing . 
N-no more work , please ! I just want to stay home and not deal with the retarded new guy . * weep * 
FFXIII . All . Fuckin ' . Day . My brain hurts , but its worth it . <3 
The weather today made me think of RenFaire . <3 I can't wait for the summer . Faire food and beer ... Do want . 
I'm missing out on so many awesome things and people because of work . * sigh * 
Slowly growing more and more apathetic about Starfest . Shit sucks . 
Bracing myself for a fucking awful weekend . I get to be up at 5:30 AM to fix crap at work ... only to go back in at 2:30 to close with a moron . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF . 
How to Train Your Dragon = I has a BIG happy . <3 Oh , and another costume project . * cringe * 
Less sleep/work , more FFXIII and Pokies . Please ? 
< PROPFEMALE > fabric hunting , very successful ! :D Also , as much as I appreciate Walmart for being the only place with craft items open late , I hate the fact that they have all the boy figures from How to Train Your Dragon , but neither of the girls . WTF !! Come on !! 
Uuugh the snowmelt is making our well water disgusting . I really wish I were \living\ " at < PROPFIRST>'s this spring . Taking showers here will suck for the next month or two . " 
I'm thisclose to punching a bitch . 
Clash of The Titans , I am disappoint . Very , very disappoint . 
Rain =<3 , Adding wefts to wig = :( 
Well , half the crap I ordered for one of my Starfest costumes haven't showed up . Just a little pissed . A little . * twitch * 
Huuuuurrrrrrrrrr . 
No , seriously . Fuck you , iTunes . Erg . 
No matter how many favorites or fans a < PROPFEMALE > gets , no person in their right mind will ever name their child Megatron . Ever . If someone does , I'm sure in around 18 to 25 years we will have another Hitler on our hands . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF THIS WIG !!! DX < 
Dammit < PROPFIRST > !! You got me all hooked on MH and I have a costume I should be working on ! Not to mention the other three games I've been trying to get to as well ! ; ; 
Awww poor < PROPFEMALE>'s wig got detroyed on Saturday . I'm willing to bet it was the hour long dance party with that 3 year old . <3 
Wooooah I have the next two weekends off ! How the hell did that happen ?!?! O.O ; 
Mmmmm madelines and rain make me happy . <3 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF work at 7AM . 
Huuuurrrrrrrrr . 
I really want to watch The Road to Eldorado for some reason . Weird . 
O.O ;; Was reserving the room for AX really that easy ?! AWESOME . Now I just need to get my ass in gear on Vanille and rework Luka . 
Anyone going to the meet-up on the 8th up at Matthew-Winters open space park ?? 
Best < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day ever . Beautiful weather , got an interview at Gamestop , my car is all happy , and I found some awesome bangles for Vanille . <3 The day would be perfect if I had < PROPFIRST > here . MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU ! :D 
Okay guys , its time to stop bitching about snow in May . You live in Colorado , you should know how this all works by now . 
Stalling on driving home ... by buying shit for Ryoga . 
What the hell ?! None of the videos I want to watch are showing up . O.O ;; I really think my lappy is starting to die on me or something . 
Moe moe KYUUUUN . <3 I can't decide what color yukata I want to get . Derp . 
* sigh * I had to dumo my Gamestop job . 40 hours at Sprouts wouldn't mesh with it . ; ; 
Bleeeegh so tired . I don't want to go home . ; ; 
Ahhh , Lost . <3 I will miss you . * weep * 
Ooooh new pokewalker path ! Why was I not informed of this earlier ?! ; ; 
Guess who killed the internet ? NOT ME . Over half the things I need to do are now impossible until our bandwidth resets or whatever . THANK YOU . =_= Ugh . 
Stupid HobbyLobby ! Why do I always seem to need you on Sundays ?! Those of us who don't go to church would like to get some beads and shit ! 
Its a little irritating how I only seem to find the perfect materials when it gets down to the wire for a cosplay to be done ... but its so worth it when I started putting it all together . <3 \ 
Vanille beeeeeads . Thank you Squenix , for releasing awesome high res character models ! 
Poop . I need to go to < PROPFIRST>'s soon and play some FFXIII . I need a huge 360 view of Vanille to count some beeeeeeaaaads . :P 
BEEEEEAAAADS !! 8D 
Fuck you , work ! I'm missing out on huge awesome chunks of my life ! I hate you !! D\: " 
Pffffft I'd rather be seeing I Hate Kate/Darling Thieves tonight . ; ; 
Uuugh all I can think about is RenFaire these days . This is going to be a loooong week ! 
K-on ! never fails to make me smile . :3 
Hmm ... Cosplay.com is holding a cosplay contest at AX and it has some pretty nice prizes . I'm tempted to enter , but I have no faith in Vanille as of right now . >>;; I guess I could try . Uh oh , this means I have to get moving a little faster now ! Yeesh ! 
Ugh . Angel Beats makes me feel like I'm watching Haruhi again ... and thats not a good thing . At all . 
So ... tired . ; ; 
Goddamn mice in my ceiling/walls !! Ugh . I also need to stop considering doing cosplays that I said I wouldn't do . Just ... blegh . 
Can't sleep = More vulgar . Maybe I shouldn't post anything when this happens . Then again , I look back later and giggle a little . I haven't decided if its worth it yet . >>; Oh , MENS ASSES . 
I'm fucking done with people for the week . I'm just beyond tired of everything and my \vacation\ " can't come soon enough . Ugh . Here's hoping I don't snap and choke a bitch anytime soon . " 
Ahh perfect RenFaire day . <3 A little burned , but content . If only I didn't have to work so early tomorrow . 
My manager at work throws temper tantrums like a 5 year old and is as vindictive as a woman . If none of you guys see me in July , he'd be the one to blame . I hate assholes so goddamn much right now . Again , totally done with people . Ugh . Going to work on Vanille and maybe sleep to stop raging out . 
This problem with my manger has had my stomach turning all day long . I hate it when important things turn sour so quickly and so often . ; ; Maybe I need to just find a new job .... ugh . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF Stupid Vanille and her weird belt and back thinger !! How do I do that ?! Everything has failed so far . I dunwanna do foamies !! ; ; 
Goddammit ! I left my Light Sculpy in the car when I was at work , now its pretty much baked . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF off I go to buy more and keep it in my stupid purse this time ! D:< 
Uuugh I need a haircut/trim . ; ; Stupid AX sapin ' all my moneys . 
Greatly in need of a vacation . My nerves are friiiied . 
Ohmygod . Cold somen noodles tomorrow . You have no idea how much they mean to me . T_T sogood . 
Noodlesnoodlesnoodles and Allerz ! <3 
I seriously have THE best friends ever . <3 <3 <3 
CRAMMIT VANILLE . UUUUUUGH . Shit . The next few days are going to be FUN . Closing the night before I leave in the AM is going to KILL ME . 
FUCKFUCKAXISTOOCLOSEFUCK . D: > 
Ugh . Vanille sucks . I've got a lot of revamping to do when I get back from AX . Also , I am reminded of how much I HATE packing . I know I'm going to forget something important . 
Best day . Ever . I'm going to spend the rest of my life with the most wonderful man in the universe . Yeah . Universe . <3 
Its always interesting to see who has me hidden here . :) Guess what , I'm not going out of my way to tell you cool shit . Hooray for you ! 
Eerrrrrg ! So many color alts ! I found another I want to do , but I juuuust bought the wig for another . @_@ ;;; pooooooops . 
Ahhh cosplay material gathering , the somewhat easy part of a messy process . At least my snakeskin vinyl was on clearance . Gym tonight with < PROPFEMALE > ! I have no idea what I'm doing ! Woo ! 
Just bleh . :| 
Don't be a betch , let me borrow that top . 
OOOooh its always amusing to hear what people say when they think no one is listening . 
Uuuugh picking a date is not easy . Colorado , why must you be such a bipolar bitch when it comes to weather in the summer ? At least I know the date won't clash with AX 2011 . I'm going even if it kills me ! 
Just pre-reg'd for AX 2011 . Oh yeeeeeeah . You all better hop on that too ! Its $45 for 4 day passes until July 31st . 
Weeee ! I know I probably made a mistake picking freash fruit tarts as a bring along to the Cosplay Picnic next weekend , but I'm really excited about them . I get to bake ! YAY ! 
Jeeeeebus . Its going to cost a pretty < PROPFEMALE > to get the fur I need for my NDK cosplay AND Vanille's new buttcape . Yeesh . Looks like I won't be doing too much anytime soon . T_T 
23 tarts just sounds kind of weak to me ... Oh well . Maybe I'll get the ambition to make more . :/ I really don't want to have a repeat of the cupcakes Allerz and I made last time . Too many leftoveeeers ! 
I was shopping with Allerz when all of a sudden , we encountered a wild Kaylin and Garion ! We were able to avoid Garion's Bowtie Attack , but took critical damage from Kaylin's Cute Beam . We somehow managed to make it to a Pokecenter in time . Who knows what would have happened had we been held up any more . 
Ahh , pissed off as hell and somewhat vindictive . Not a good combo for me . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFF I was doing great until my mom woke me up at 8AM to talk about more wedding shit . This crap has just started and I hate it already . Next person who brings it up is going to get punched , whether they know I'm going to punch them for it or not . SURPRISE !! 
Warped Tour : WHO IS GOING ?!?!? :D 
How the hell does one respond to a cosplayer who vehemently claims that they cosplay professionally ? I mean , aside from riotous laughter ? Thats all I can really come up with at this point . 
WUTURWUUUURLD . :D 
Yaaaay my punky muppet fur came in the mail todaaaay . Its so fluffy ! I'm gonna have a fluffy butt ! :D Oooh its been a long night . 
Oh , 40+ hour a week job . You've sucked away my summer and any semblance of a social life I could have had . I really want you to go die in a fire ... but still pay me . Ugh . 
Thanks Life , for taking a giant shit on me all of a sudden . 
If\ 
you have a man that works hard to take care of you , would do anything \ 
for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to \ 
grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for \ 
every night , post this as your status to give the good men out there the\ 
recognition that they deserve , because great men are few and far \ 
between & I have one ~ ? 
Ahh , schadenfreude . Gotta love it . :D 
Goddammit ! The < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim game is out today and my internet sucks here !! FFFFFFFFail . 
I may be doing something stupid by trying to cram a mad hatter costume into my schedule . >>;;; Still gonna try it though . 
Shit . I forgot about the Gogol Bordello show this week . Daaaaamn I always miss it when they come through town . :/ I don't get to wear purple , yet again . 
Black Rock Shooter <3 
< PROPFIRST > PILGRIM FUCK YEEEEEEEAH !!!!!!! 
O.O BREAD MAKES YOU FAT ?!? 
Going after the bakery manager position at work . Wish me luck ! ><;; 
Yeeerg . Sewing room is somewhat clean . Now I have enough floor space to start cutting things out . I found my external hard-drive in the middle of all that crap , so now maybe I can finally update my ipod ! o.o ;; Yeesh . Its been a while . 
Its almost 3am and I'm really missing my blue/purple hair right now . Goddammit . 
Woooo raaaaaaiiiiin <3 Lots of it ! 
FFFFFF ! I bought my pass for AX2011 in early July , but they decide to charge me NOW ?! WTF !! O.O ;; 
I don't want to be here anymore . ; ; 
I should be working on cosplays I need to finish now instead of looking at materials and pieces of cosplays I'll be doing later . Bleeeeh . 
I think this whole \working out\ " thing might be more effective if I stopped eating my own weight in garbage every day . " 
Guh ... Scissor Sisters are gonna be at the Ogden on Sept . 6th . DO WANT ! 
Hnnng I would kill for a Double Crunch roll from Roll Cafe right now . Stupid work keepin ' me from getting yumy things ! 
Anyone want to go to Big Gig with me ? : < Pwease ? 
Being completely isolated is GREAT ! T_T 
I spent my night doing a shitton of hand sewing ... and in doing so , completely forgot I was supposed to meet < PROPFEMALE > and the gym . SORRY < PROPFEMALE > !! D: I didn't look at a clock until it was past 10 . Uuuugh I feel horrible ! 
Oooh < PROPFIRST > got me that pretty blue and purple wiiiiiig ! <3 Its so pretty ! 
REDBULL . O.O Costume cram session tonight too . Vanille ! Your ass will be outfitted with the finest buttcape I can offer this time ! 
Uugh my motivation just bottomed out . T_T 
Everyone is making progress , except me . Fuck you , work ! I get to chug Redbull as soon as I get home just so I can get some stuff done . Bleh . I'm going to feel like shiiiiiit tomorrow ! 
Restringing all of Vanille's beads with elastic ... I should have made it this way to begin with . Why the hell did I think Tiger Tail would be the best way to go ? \ 
\ 
Oh , its 4AM . Shit . I need sleep but I'm still a little strung out on Redburrrrrr . 
Whooops , I forgot to reserve KH : Birth by Sleep . Better get on that since its out on the 7th . 
Ahh , stuck at work with the biggest tard is not the way I want to spend my night . I could be doing something , you know , worth my time ? \ 
I was going to do some handsewing on my lunch but it looks like I ran out of the house with everything but the item that needs sewing . God . Damn . It . Someone bring me a Redbull . Please . * weep * 
So begins two weeks without < PROPFIRST > . I may lose my mind a little . Fair warning to everyone I like , I am very likely to get super clingy . Please don't get weirded out by it . ; ; 
Uuugh I ordered circle lenses for one of my cosplays last week and failed to check how long shipping would take . 10-12 days . DAMMIT . DX Oh well . 
Wow ... I got my circle lenses ! O.O ; Muuuch sooner than I was expecting ! I'm just kind of sad they aren't as yellow/gold looking as I thought they would be . Still cool though ! 
GODDAMMIT . I bought a new dremel and its broken . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF . Also , ran out of bias tape and tomorrow everyone will be closed . Not really happy right now . 
My dremel decided to work , but that thing heats up like a mofo reeeeally fast . o.o ;; I had to stop using it for the night and let it cool down and recharge . Hopefully I can get it to work better tomorrow so I can finish this stupid cosplay . 
At work til 5:30 . Not complaining too much due to time and a half , but I would much rather be doing things more worthy of my time . Ah , well , at least I brought some hand sewing stuff to work with me . T_T 
Oooh noooo ! My motivation is goooone ! ; ; 
This day should have ended before it began . I don't think I could be any more unhappy to be here . T_T 
Didn't go to sleep til around 4AM . T_T I am quite literally powered by RedBull right now . Work is going to kill me today . 
Wired as fuck and I just ran out of cording to finish Vanille's belt . Goddamn . I have to wait to do that shit tomorrow ?! If I get near my bed , I know I'm going to crash like none other . Gonna keep makin shit kaybye ! 
Sooo ... didn't sleep , but I pretty much finished my stuff . I just have to do Vanille's belt and some small detail work . Halfway packed too . :3 \ 
On a side note , I think Cricket is going blind . I die a little every time she shows her age . ; ; I don't want to think about it . Gonna go give her loves before I leave for the weekend . 
Uhh ... wow . I dropped 10lbs . o.o ; I was wondering why my pants keep falling down . \ 
My ass ran away ! Anyway , car is loaded to the brim with cosplay crap aaaaand off I go ! \ 
I'll see you guys soon ! 
I found out something tonight that is turning my stomach nonstop . I don't know what to do and its killing me . 
Stupid internet is dead at home . I'm not avoiding any of you ! Promise !! If you want to talk , those with The Power of Awesome have my cell number . Shoot me a text any time . :) 
I have 3 AWESOME bride's maids . It took them less than 15 minutes to pick a dress . I are impress . :D 
Turns out my manager is a lying sack . My asst . manager has no issues with me and we're going to talk to our store manager on Tues for sure . We're both tired of his immature antics . If things don't change , he's getting my two weeks and thats that . Huuuuge weight off my shoulders ! 
Hey Dazbog ! Your wifi is sucking so bad I have to use my phone . WTF ? 
Hmm ... I want to do a somewhat simple formal Luka again . I just don't know if I want to do Tailor of Enbizaka or her dress from Duke of Venomania . One would be cool just for the fancy kimono ( possibly bloody lol ) and the other has a tentative group ... but I may also piss someone off with it . ; ;\ 
Maybe Tailor of Enbizaka would be best since I like the person who may end up upset . 
I could really go for a RedBull or some coffee right now . ; ; 
Can one of you pretend to be me today and go to work for me ? I reallyreally don't want to go back there . 
Godammit . Can I just go home now ? I'm not going to get out of here on time again and to top it all off , it sounds like my manager was a huge douche to a girl in the dept . next to ours over me helping her a few days ago . How anyone lets this asshole get away with half the shit he does is beyond me . 
This is what I hate about closing . I'm still friggin ' wired and its almost 3am . To top it all off , I have to be up at 7 to be at work by 9:30 . Oh , and no money for caffeine . \ 
Fuck . My . Goddamn . LIFE . 
Ugh , trying to re-upload all of my old photos and albums is taking a lot more focus than I have right now . If you guys start getting spammed with my new stuff , ignore it . I swear I'm not attention whoring , they were all just THAT messed up and unorganized . :/\ 
Also , WTF was I thinking when I tagged myself in all my own photos ?! FFFFFFFFFFGod I'm retarded . 
Oh yay . 28 hours next week . Joy of joys . I have to wonder how this came about . :/ I guess that gives me time to unpack all of my cosplay junk and pack some of my normal crap . < PROPMALE > upside is time for FFXIII , mostly so I don't spend money . 
I\ 
bought SillyBands , but since they are meant for children or people with\ 
skeletal wrists , they seem to be cutting off the circulation in my arm . D: \ 
Since I like unrestricted blow flow to my extremities , I don't think I \ 
will wear these SillyBands . 
I guess I'm doing a Medusa cosplay from SoulEater . Anyone care to join me ? Maret , I'm looking at you , boyo ! <3 
7/11's pumpkin spice latte tastes more like bananas . Hitting a bunch of haunted houses in the ectocaaaaar . Halloween is a month long holiday . Totally bet 
Can I take a few weeks off of life ? Its getting to be as exausting and miserable as my job and it doesn't even pay me . Bleh . 
Get me out of heeeeeere !! D: I just want to go home ! 
Fuckin ' done with this wedding shit . I got my dress , I got my cake . I have no say in anything else now . Way to go , assholes . Leave me the hell alone . 
< PROPFEMALE > Driver : Utena and Gurren had an awesome baby . Hot damn ! 
Mmmm .... konpeito . <3 
Snapea Crisps are fuckin ' DELICIOUS . I must consume this entire bag !! D:< 
Okay ... I'll play . \ 
I like it on my bedroom floor . 
I have hour left of this craaaaaaap . Let me go home NOW so I can sit on my ass and play some vidjagaaaaames . 
I need to stop buying t-shirts . I have too many ! Why , Teefury ! WHY ?! 
Its way too early to be here again . Guh . At least the two biggest irritations have the day off , but I have to stay 3 hours later than I was scheduled . Damn . 
Ugh . I need a pizza . 
Beyond excited for next Friday . So many fine wimminz . :D 
I love me some Life of the Party here in Fort Collins . The people are amazingly cool and know their shit . I just got better < PROPMALE > Nye foundation to replace the not-as-pale-as-I-was-hoping Revlon stuff I got for Shirayuki . Yay ! Progress resumes ! 
Oooh I can download Mew now ! Too bad my DS hates any connection I try to stick in on . D: Uuuugh . 
New My Little Pony show . I hate the toys , but I am oddly okay with the show . Applejack is cute but GIMME BACK MY TOOLA ROOLA !! D:< 
Midnight release of How to Train Your Dragon ? YES PLEASE . :D 
I HAVE IIIIIIT !!! :DDDDDDD DRAGON TIEMS !!!! 
Bluuuurrrrrg . 
Theres some fucking moron at this party who reminds me of the other fucking moron I work with . Every time I see him , I want to break his goddamn face . Mostly because he reminds me of that asshole , a little because he stares at my boobs for a while whenever he says hi to me . FFFFFFFFF YUCK . They are barely visible under a tee , you twatwaffle !! 
Ugh . Work . Do not want . 
Goddammit ! I can't find my flashdrive ! That stupid thing has all my PS3 save files on it ! I'll have to rip my room apart tomorrow after work . 
Idiot Parade today . Oh joy . I don't have enough RedBull for this shit . 
All these Halloween stores make me happy to know that the day is coming , but as soon as I walk in they make me cringe . Too much awful in one spot . Eesh . 
I miss my turtles . ; ; 
Good morning to you too , jackass . You'd think old people would have learned to stop being whiny bitches sometime before 50 . :/ 
The fedex guy that delivered my SH Nurse shoes just left me a message making fun of my voicemail . XD Awesome ! 
Meh . 
Bought Slayers Revolution . NOSTALGIA BOMB . <3 <3 <3 
This night just ended like it began . Total shit . :| Fuck . My . Life . \ 
Anyone know what to do when one spills water all over a laptop ? I turned it off right away , flipped it upsidedown and put a towel between the base and the screen . What else do I need to do/worry about ? 
New Teefury design makes me happy like sunshine and puppies . Once I get paid tomorrow , its MINE . 
Well , hello 5AM . I just watched a sub-par vampire movie and cleaned the shit out our laundry room . Productivity stemmed from rage and depression ! YAY ! 
Is this what a zombie hangover feels like ? \ 
Ugh . Gotta go clean my turtles . 
I require boba . Why does FoCo not have a good boba place like Lollicup ?! Looks like I'm going to get some as soon as I hit < PROPMALE > on Wedneday . :D 
Dammit , Teefury . You got me again . I thought I was going to be okay with designs I don't care about for 2 weeks or so . Awesome monster designs are one of my secret downfalls . 
Weeeee ! Thurs/Fri off and I'ma finish painting my nurse headmaskthing . \ 
Pumpkin spice latte just made my day so much better . 
Two thing I learned tonight . SlutSpectre2 costume doubles as a glowstick . Also , gay men are facinated by bright colors and shiny things ... but I knew that already , just sorta forgot . It's been a while . :3 
Mmm Kokoro has chilled ramen . Happy belly . :3 
Been diggin ' Otome Youkai Zakuro . 
Stuck at work , barely functioning on horrible sleep , wishing I had called in sick to be at the casket races . This is not a fair trade at all . :( 
Bleeeeh gonna smell like bleach all night now D: the white boards will be white though , so it's all good . Tomorrow I'ma go nuts , maybe paint myself up like a sugar skull instead of doing the normal makeup . :3 I are excite . Tonight though ... I pass out for a loooong time . Blah . 
Halloween weather was wonderful for once ... its just really too bad I spent most of the night sick and feverish . :( 
Sick as hell . ; ; Work is not gonna be possible when I feel like this . I hate having to call in , I always feel so guilty even if I have a legitimate problem . 
Shit . Squenix released two apps . :| I have a feeling I'm going to get sucked into them like other people get pulled into Cafe World or Farmville . Ffffffffffffffff . 
Anything that is green needs to get the hell out of my body RIGHTNOW . 
If I keep coughing like this for another week , I'll have MEGA-ABS ! I would rather not though . :( Kinda hurts . 
Holy shit guys ! We get it ! Its November 5th ! How many of you assholes have to fucking post Guy Fawkes/V for Vendetta bullshit all over the goddamn place ? o.o This happens every friggin year , I swear !! 
Can I just die now , please ? 
My dad brought me antibiotics for my sinus infection last night and now I don't feel like my teeth are breaking anymore ! I love my daaaaad . T_T \ 
Now I get to deal with my stupidjerk manager all day . Good thing I only have a 5 hour shift today . 
Oh god . Teefury did it again . <3 
10 hour day ?! WTF ?! Why ?! There is no reason for it ! AUGH !!!!! 
Its snowing a my house . Fuck . Take it back !! I don't want it !! 
The Aquabats had better play The Baker again . That would make me so beyond happy . :3 
Why is it always 3AM when the need to create something hits me ? My sewing room/table is a complete disaster . To get started on anything , I have to first do massive clean up . Damn . :| Thats just too much work ! \ 
Oh , and there's a boxelder bug in my room buzzing around and my room is a giant mess and I can't find it and MURDER IT . Fffffffff goddamn bugs ! 
Uuuugh I wish it didn't take Amphigory over 2 weeks for ordering/shipping . I really want to work on this wig NOW . I've had half of this project sitting around for a looong time and its about time I finish it ! 
LOL Antiduckface.com makes me feel bad for making the same face even as a joke . 
Just when I thought I had settled on a NDK NYE thing , I go and change my mind . Ugh . 
I know its only 3PM , but I want to crawl back into bed and sleep til tomorrow . 
I like working short shifts ! I only have to deal with the moron for half an hour , then I'm home free ! Awesome ! 
Oh dear god !!! Just let me go home !! /cry This isn't worth the agony today ! 
Some days , dropping off the face of the earth and becoming a hermit again sounds like the best way to go . :/ I would like to think I've gotten stronger than that ... maybe not . 
MMmmm <3 I made my self a quesodilla (?) with green chili and steak . Fuckin ' delicious . Totally makes up for my shit day . I kind of wish I had made two of them . 
Really ? I can't keep my closed water bottle under the desk ? You seriously don't mind me taking 3 or 4 minutes to walk back to the water fountain everytime I need water ? I fail to see this being at all productive . Asshats . 
< PROPMALE > . Motherfuckin . Potter . \ 
Tonight . Oh yeah . I've got to dig my Hufflepuff uniform out of the mess that is my room . 
In line for < PROPMALE > Potter . FUCKYEEEEEAH !!! 
Gonna go home and puke for a while . ; ; uuuuuuugh . 
Oh Pokemon , thank you for helping me make up my crazy brain for a New Years costume . Now I just have to muscle through the rest of tonight and feel < PROPFEMALE > 
Ha ! There is no way in hell I'm gonna work on my day off ! For one , < PROPMALE > Moron is working , two ; I work on a holiday . Things to do , people to avoid , and all that . 
Ah , thus begins the season of hour cuts . I'm slightly okay with it just because of yesterday . I am tempted to pick up some Dragonair supplies and brave HobbyLobby/Michaels/Joann , but by the sounds of half of you people's status ' , I may spare myself the insanity . o.o ;; 
Ha ! Thanks to someone wonderfully intelligent at work , I might not be able to meet with the caterer or the florist for my own goddamn wedding ! Thanks guys ! You make my life so easy to plan important things ! 
Oh god . Bitch Commander Panty ! This show kills me ! I feel bad wanting to cosplay from it though . Ah well . 
Watching cooking shows while I'm hungry was a baaaaaad idea . 
Stupid backordering on stuff I want to get people !! D:< Back to square one , I guess . 
Remind me again why I'm not a people-person ? T_T /cry 
< PROPFEMALE > saved my day ! Food and flowers for my wedding are all set to go ! \ 
I would have been super pissed had I missed out today . :D 
I ur smurt . I dropped my phone in a glass of water . Lets see how long it holds out lol . 
Again , my manager is a twatwaffle when it comes to scheduling . I have three days off ... and not of them are together . What . The . Fuck . Oh well , I guess this means I stay home and get stuff done here ! 
Some people require a beating to make up for the fact that they exist . Tell me how to do my goddamn job and you don't work here ? Beating . Talktalktalktalk about worthless shit that isn't even true ? Beating . This list could go on , people . I've had a long day . 
Ah , today is a concealer and mascara only day . Now I'm 30 < PROPFEMALE > ahead of where I usually am before work . feelsgoodman . \ 
Tomorrow is fabric shopping and starting a set of Luka headphones . :3 Woo ! 
WHARGARBL . \ 
Need moar Redbull . 7 is a little too late for me here ... and my closing manager makes weird goat sounds that creep me out a little . I might be kinda weird myself right now . o.o ;; 
Woooooah someone in the postal service is working their ass off hardcore . I got my Dragonair wig today . O.O ; It normally would have taken the better part of a month ! Woo ! 
Nurarihyon no Mago makes me happy like sunshine . 
Played me some Fokelore all day . Its been forever since I've had the time to sit down and play anything that long , so I don't feel too bad about being completely unproductive . 
I have a feeling work is not going to be worth getting out of bed for today . :/ Hopefully I'm helping someone intelligent close tonight . Blugh . I want to go home and work on headphones and headpieces . 
Augh ! Where the hell is my wig standyclampy thingy ?! I need it ! I don't want to buy a new one ! D: 
Now that I bought a new wig clamp , I fully expect to find the one I misplaced soon . FFFFFFFFFFFFFF . 
I'm still at work . WHY ?! D: 
Pro-life groups ; DO NOT call my cellphone . 1 . It's a private number . 2 . You twats have been calling me twice a week . WHY ? 3 . You're assholes . No call list me , bitches . /angryrant 
I should be adding wefts to my Dragonair wig and painting wings , but I'm watching Scrooged with the rents and my Kebbins . Fair trade I say . 
Ah , hooray for progress . Double hurray for sleeps . 
I should be working on my Dragonair wig , but I am too easily distracted . ; ; Putting wefts into a wig is so booooring ! /whine 
WOO !! I have two days off in a row next week ! Someone must have heard me bitching ! Also , Tron Legacy midnight showing . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Driver makes me HNNNNNNNNNG . <3 Manticore cosplay ? Yes . Very yes . Too much fabulous not to ! 
Ahh , turtles are clean , but now lacking rocks in their tank . It doesn't look as pretty , but it'll be much easier to clean from now on . Looks like we came up with names now ! < PROPMALE > and Roswell . 
Awesome boots , why must you be $50 ? I don't have that kind of moneys yet . :( 
Ffffffffff the internet was murdered while I was in < PROPMALE > . Lame . 
Why am I always stuck at work when my creativity hits ? I just want to cast some resin , sew some wefts , cut out some fabric , and ... hell , I know its not making anything , but a nap would be nice . 
I feel bad . I caved and got breakfast at McDonalds . :( Fatty McFatfat . 
Just ... ugh . 
I'ma get lasers in mah eyes ! :D 
FFffff the lasik people dilated my eyes , so now I have my face thisclose to my screen . I really hope they were lying when they said this would last up to two days ! 
Tron made my inner costuming nerd cry ... because I know I can never aspire to that level of cool . ; ; 
I think someone put food in my turtle tank and now it's all dirty . Thanks . Now I have to come back and clean it . Until then , their tank is going to be gross . Urgh . 
Home nao plz ? :( 
Bleh . Internet is still dead . The fact that I got my purple circle lenses in for Dragonair today makes up for it . They're so preeeetty . Too bad the lasik will make them obsolete and I'll have buy new plano ones . Dammit . 
I hate the mornings where its beyond difficult to wake up and haul my ass out of bed . ; ; 
Paint fumes . D: Auuuuugh ! My brains are melting ! 
... I have a feeling today isn't going to be all that great .... ffffffffff . 
I loves me some Mad Greens . Dionysis with bacon and chicken hnnnnnnng . 
I wanna go see Tangled again . Listening to the soundtrack makes me happu . :3 
I need to change my default soon . I'm beginning to think I look like a pokemon . T_T Crazy is setting in . 
Awwww < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > got a present for my kitties ! <3 So cuuuute ! :D 
I cannot express enough how amazingly awesome and wonderful my friends are . You guys are seriously the best and I'm beyond blessed that you have the < PROPFEMALE > to put up with me . <3 Thank you ! I love you guys ! 
*& T #YUGC78BBBB Brain is broken by the gift I just received from my grandma . Holy and Shit . There HAS to be a mistake . O.O ;;; 
Is it just some people's mission to try and make food servicetards like me , miserable on a holiday ? Really ? I had to do this on Thanksgiving and you do it to me again ? < PROPFEMALE > fuckin ' Christmas to you too ! I hope < PROPFEMALE > gives you dog poopies in your stocking ! 
LOL In Granby with Kevin ... no interwebs . LAME . Anyway , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , friends ! : * 
I had a Derp Moment last night and bought a new filter instead of actual filter FILTERS for my turtles . Huuuurr . I returned it today ... and had to really stop myself from walking out with one of the super cute ball pythons . Dem widdle noses ! X3 
Dammit . I forgot to go to Lowe's on my lunch and buy magnets for my Dragonair glowy neckball . :((((( I made the mistake of going to Sephora instead ... oops . 
Coffee with no sugar and a ton of creamer ? Not good ... but its free . Is this a fair trade ? o.o ;; 
I know I've probably said this before ... but my closing manager is a giant snatchcracker . :/ You guys need to cut hours but for some reason I can't go home a little early ? I'll just sit here and watch the delitard \wash\ " dishes and pretend to work . Sounds like the most productive thing to do at this point . " 
How many cashiers at < PROPFEMALE > does it take to create a long line ? \ 
Two and a very talkative old lady . \ 
AUGH . 
Its a foofy hair day ! Then again , I have that problem pretty much every morning . Too bad I gotta shove it all in a hat . :( Byebye foofy hair . 
Mmmmm oolong tea and Roll Cafe . Double crunch rolls are wubberfulls . X3 Then I go home to try and put my horrible room and sewing room back together . Maybe make a pattern for my SuperJup collar and cast some resin . Woo ! 
< PROPMALE > + Beads = Not much sleep . \ 
Stupid cat . 
Dammit . I tried to avoid Robot Unicorn Attack ever since I heard about it . \ 
I played for the first time today . \ 
Hello , Addiction . My , are you are a difficult bitch to shake . 
I have just been informed that I'm still getting blamed for silly shit . I don't know whether to laugh or be a little miffed . Laughing seems like the more appropriate response this time around . LOL . LOL . LOL . 
The War of the Worlds musical is stuck in my head . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
Not feelin ' the whole ' going to work ' thing today . :/ Not good . 
Some lady decided to try and kill me with her minivan . Not only did she park superclosewtf , but while I eas squeezing between her car and mine to get into my car , she decides she's going to pull out and scrape he fucking car over my back . Bitch grazed my heels with her back wheel ! Who the hell does that ?! o.o ;;; 
Getting sick . FFFFFFfffffuuuuuu !!! 
Finally ! Tonight its not my face thats keeping the guys away !! This engagement ring is like casting Shield AND Protect !! Awesome ! 8D 
Just finished dyeing a couple of wigs , and I forgot to bring along my 90% to clean my hands . Red haaaaaands ! 
Worst feeling ever ? I have a zit in my ear . That shit HURTS . 
So tired ; ; I just want to go get my 40gal tank from Petco and go home . I have to wait til 6 though . Blugh . 
I don't know what it is , but the marinara pasta stuff that the Pizza Hut in Target puts out is pure delicious . I kinda wish I hadn't horked it down so fast . :( 
I'm having way too much fun on this deco site ... yeesh . 
I don't give a shit if you served our country and defended my freedom blahblahblah . If you've been working in a deli for almost a year and you still can't make tuna salad correctly or wash dishes properly , then get the fuck out and let someone else do the job right ! /rant . 
I want to go home . Now . I have < PROPMALE > projects that are calling my name . 
I get new eyeballs today . That is all . 
Horking down left over Krispy Kreme and Pizza Rolls , all while sitting on my ass playing some Folklore . My God , what have I become ?! 
Hookah with a couple hotties . Feelsgoodman . 
Awww ShirtWoot is cute today . No monies . No Shirtwoot for me . I cry now . 
Weeeeeh I want my shiny Entei nooooow , I dunwanna wait for Mondaaaaay . Whinewhinewhine . DX 
It's so nice to know how important/needed I am in any aspect of my life . * eyeroll * 
< PROPMALE > is hunkered outside my bedroom door waiting to get at the feeder rat I have in here . D: NO < PROPFEMALE > ! ITS SNAKEY'S RATTEH ! 
Vanilla macaroon granola + strawberry yogurt = HNNNGGG 
FFXIII-2 . I don't know how I feel about it , but I know Lightning's new design gave me the biggest girlboner ever . EVER . Looks like I'd better start brushing up on how to do full on armor , because it just screams to be done . 
Closing tonight . Do . Not . Want . 
Ugh . This night better end fast . I'm getting more and more irritated the more I'm stuck by myself to think . I'll go home and rewatch that FFXIII-2 teaser again and make myself feel better . Also , Entei event not working at the Gamestop I work by ? Fuckthatnoise . D: I have to wait til tomorrow for my shiny Enteis !! FFFFFFFUUUUUUUU . 
Goodbye Mr. FeederRat #1 . I hardly knew ye . At least you enjoyed some peanut butter toast before my Fatty Mcfatfat snake horked you down . You were stinky and noisy anyway . 
I feel like I'm losing my mind . 
Looks like good ol ' CO is still bipolar as hell ! I was beginning to worry for a bit there ! Too bad I have to go out and drive around and deal with other people . 
I dunno if its what I ate for dinner or anxiety shit thats doing it , but I'ma throw-up . :((( 
The last person who I ever thought would hurt me , did . Feels so good to be me right now . Gonna play some Pokemon to help me forget for a little while . 
Waking up to harsh sunlight and the sentiment that I've been wasting all of my time and potential , among other things , is not exactly the best way to start a day . Fuck you , World . I don't give up THAT easily . You gotta try harder than that ! 
Squenix , please put a release date out for Parasite < PROPFEMALE > 3rd Birthday . I just may require it to keep on living my life . 
Best day ever ! I get to babysit , which is actually just me doing everything as fast as I can so this asshole doesnt fuck too much up , but I'm not going to fix anything he does ruin just so he gets called out on this crap . Come oooon 1:30 ! 
Cool ! I get a couple more hours since my closer went home sick ! :D Also , no more tardboy ! Awesome !! I'ma go home , finish some sewing and play some vidja gaaaaames ! Excite ! 
Hnnng new Shirt Woot . 
A friendly message to all of my guy friends ; I love you , but I love my girls more . Mess with any of my lovelies in any way , I will hunt you down and you will recieve appropriate punishment . Please keep that in mind . \ 
Have a nice day . :) 
ALLMYRAGE . >:| 
POKEMON B/W MALL TOUR ?! AUGH !! YEEEEEEAAAAAAH !!! <3 <3 <3 
Huuuurp Durp . Fighting me a giant headache . :| I don't like it . 
Blaaaaaarg . 
My day has been a nonstop riot . 
I really hope I can close this place down a bit early . I just want to go back to < PROPFIRST>'s and curl up on the couch . 
Dammit . < PROPFIRST > got me hooked on < PROPFEMALE > Tail . :| My weakness for kitties has been plaaaaayed ! 
Wow ... I may not have a job due to the fact that I have a life . This is bullshit . Best morning ever , guys ! Uuuugh ... long week needs to end NOW . 
FFFFFFUUUUUU TEEFURY !!! * bought * Goddammit . 
Eerrrggg . Guts are in an uproar . No sleep . I know this is the right thing to do , but it really really sucks . :( 
These Dazbog baristas have some decent taste in music , then comes Linkin Park and I'm like a crazed weasel , digging for my iPod . Imagine my dismay when its out of juice . Ffffffffuuuuuuuuuuck my day . 
Blarg . Rsums are stupid . : < 
LOL I just may have to change < PROPFEMALE>'s name to Houdini . She just forced the latches open from the inside of her tank and got out . > XD Snake hunt in my room ! Good thing I'm still awake and she didn't make it too far . Yeesh ! 
Things should be interesting today . :/ 
WHARGARBL . 
Why is it every time I go to pre-order games , the guy at the register has to ask if its for me ? Really ? Dude , I'm reserving fuckin ' Dissidia 2 . Its like the girliest game next to friggin Kingdom Hearts and Cooking Mama . o.o ;; 
I require Spaghetti-o's . I don't know why , I just do . 
Eeeeeee !! McDonalds has My Little Pony toys in their Happy Meals !! :DDDDDDDDD SO MUCH HAPPY !! 
Don't forget your shiny Suicune today ! :D Also . Ash's pikachu is available at Toys R Us . Yaaaaay Pokies ! 
: X The teaser < PROPMALE > for Pandora's Tower reeeeeally makes me want a new tat . Yuh-oh . 
Oh god ... new Teefury ... do want . ; ; I'ma pass though . 
I wish Kamui Cosplay would make more videos/tutorials . She's just too freaking adorable ! XD 
Dammit ! I brought the paints I needed , but not the stupid airbrush to use them ! ; ; So smurt . 
I'm in a hysterical state of FUCKYEAH !!!! right now . I am supremely happy , but kinda durp at the same time . Heres hoping things on my end can be fixed . 
Draaaaaaaank XD but had such a great time with the frunds ! <3 
I don't like being sick . Nope . : < 
I think the cold meds < PROPFIRST > gave me just made me feel worse . ; ; 
GODDAMMIT TEEFURY !!! D:< <<< 
; ; Augggh I feel so weak and drained of any kind of energy . Stupid sick ! Go away ! I don't like you ! 
The pikachu hoodie < PROPFIRST > got me is all snuggly . X3 Loooooove ! 
I'm probably going to pee my pants if I see any more pictures from the Pokemon mall tour . PLUSHIES !! <3 
herp derp . 
I'ma gonna spend my night watching My Little Pony . : B Don't judge me . 
FB is all jacked up on my phone ... whaaaat ze fack ? D: 
Pokies pokies pokiiiiiies 8D Neeeeeeeeeeeerd . 
D: Should I be upset that I got stood up on < PROPFIRST>'s day ... for another guy ? \ 
WAT . 8| 
Awwwww !! < PROPFIRST > came to FoCo to see me ... and got me the rest of the McD's MLP toys ! Best Fiance EVER . :DDDD loooooove ! 
Ooooh Tactics Ogre today ! :3 No monies for MvC3 , so that wll have to wait ... :( I wanted to play with X-23 and Ame-puppy . Poo . I'll just cry a little everytime one of you guys mention it . 
I feel so retarded . I woke up at 7:30 thinking I had to be at work by 9:30 ... and when I got there , I was reminded I wasn't supposed to be there until 1:30 . \ 
HUURRRRRRRR DUUURRRRRR ! 
I ... I'm not liking the way tonight is looking . Not enough Red Bull . NEED MOAR . 
Workie makes me hurtie . :( By the time I'm 40 , my knees are gonna be shot . Yaaaaaaay . 
Blugh . I need to start going back to the gym . :/ 
Workin ' on Touko for next weekend . :3 Durpdur . 
New lenses for Touko . Thank god for Mills shit hooker stores , I need them for impulse cosplay choices . 
Augh ! I need to watch all the new eps . of everything I'm watching before I go home ! D: Cramcramcram ! 
I don't think I slept last night , just pretended to . ; ; Today is gonna hurt a little . 
We got the Whiny Bitch Brigade here today ! Oh joy ! Do your work and stay out of my face or I'm gonna have to slap a bitch . 
Hooray for boobies ! 
If this guy were any more useless , he'd probably be a corpse . \ 
Wishful thinking . :| 
How is it that when I want to get done with work early , I always get done late ?! Balls !! \ 
Also , Facebook needs to stop suggesting that Pocky Pirate asshole to be my friend ! D:< NEVER !!!! You hear me Facebook ?! Your friend suggestions suck !! 
The truffle fries at Big < PROPMALE>'s in FoCo are nearly orgasmic . Just sayin ' . 
Kraft < PROPMALE > and cheese has got to be one of the best things ever . :3 
I sure hope I have the energy to sew when I get home tonight . Otherwise I'll have no time to do anything til Friday night . ; ; I'm lucky Touko is easy as far as contruction goes . Uuuugh , just DAT BAG . That will have to wait til Wasabi methinks . 
Uuuugh my B/W trainer boots are two sizes too big . Looks like I'll have to stuff them and just get a the 7's before Wasabi . :( Poooooop . 
This music is going to drive me to suicide . I hope there is a special place in hell for < PROPMALE > and Garfunkle and all the \artists\ " from the 50's-70's . This isn't music ! It's PAIN . " 
Theres a reason why McDonalds coffee is free ... it tastes like shiiiiiiiiiiiit . Ah well , the free breakfast sandwich coupon made up for it . 
Dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks DICKS 
Pokemon mall tour at 10am ? We're hardcore nerds . Drop 50$ on plushies ? I'm just not going to eat much for the next week and be fuckin happy about it !!! 
So many pokemons . ; ; I wanna pass out for a while , but I gotta keep going . 
I can english pretty good . Its going to be a loooong day . 
I just want to crawl back into bed . ; ;\ 
It's also free pancake day at IHOP , and I don't have < PROPFIRST > to eat them with . :( Sad Shaunners is sad . 
My turtlecookies are crying for me to clean their icky tank . Its such a pain int the ass compared to < PROPFEMALE>'s tank . :( Hauling water up and down stairs is no bueno . * blugh * 
Veryveryvery tempted to trade in my DSi for the limited edition Pokemon DSi . : X Hnnnngwantsobad ! 
Thats it ! On my lunch break , I'm going to go reserve the Pokemon Black DSi bundle and trade in my DSi . Hopefully I can cancel my Black reserve so I don't have TWO copies of the game . :3 
WOOOOO !!! I am now the awesomly proud owner of a limited edition Pokemon Black DSi !!! FUCKYEAH !! My excitement cannot be contaaaaaained !!! BLAAAARRRGGITYWOOOOO !!! XD 
A somewhat decent day goes down the shitter pretty fast when you have to clean up after a retard and then get yelled at by an irate frenchman for asking him to do his job . Yeesh . 
I traded my DSi a bit too soon . I needed to do more trading ! D: Daaaaaamn ! Guess I have to wait til Sunday when I get my new one . :/ 
SUMMER WARS <3 Finally ! 
COFFEECOFFEECOFFEEREDBULL . O.O \ 
Oh , and POKEMON . 
It needs to be 9AM tomorrow RIGHTNOW . :| I want my pokies and my new DSi . 
The wait is driving me up the walls . o.o ;;; I need to sleep ! 
Uuuugh work is getting in the way of my Pokemon ! At least I'm in a good mood and can sort of tolerate the fucktard I work with . 6:00 needs to come fast , but not so fast I can't get most of my work done . Then I start all over again tomorrow at 7am . * phew * Lunch is for Pokies ! :D 
Fffffffff my hands/arms/nails are stained yellow , orange , and red from Rapidash's wig . ; ; I keep scrubbing them , but its not coming oooooooff . I'm gonna have to soak them in 90% alcohol . 
Kill me now . ; ; 
Goddammit !! Ambition for Rapidash just got squashed unless I find a whole bunch of time to work on it this week , and its looking bleak . \ 
Ugh , I wish I had the freedom to just call in sick for a day just for that . 
Uuuugh I'm starting to drag now ... at least I got to work with someone I miss toooons in the deli :3 I hope we get our \dream team\ " back together soon . \ 
Oh , Rapidash dress , you are kinda slutty ... do not know if want . >>;; 
Ya know , the new Shirt Woot would be cute ... if the iPhone weren't throwing the \I love you\ " sign intending to be the horns . :/ " 
My lunch is over , but I would much rather sit and finish my coffee . :P I'm done with all the rushing tonight . I get to do that when I get home . :( 
I just crammed half a box of blueberry mulitgrain ego waffles into my face . I feel slightly less guilty about it seeing as they were \healthy \"." 
REDBULL !! INTO MY VEINS !! DX 
Now Okamiden and Pokemon must fight for my love ! 
All the people with BBQ going during the parade ? YOU SUCK !! D:< 
My Mad Hatter is somewhat lacking without the gloves . :( I are sad I forgotted them . 
Auuugh I don't want to get sick again ! D: Make it go away !! 
Whur is mah DSi chargeeeeer ?! I need it to keep living ! 
I really hope this sickness blows over fast . I can't take another bout of this crap again . ; ; 
HNNNGGGG It's flipflop/barefoot weather !! Why must I be at work ?! 
Ffffffff < PROPMALE > is a bad influence . Someone hit him for me . He whines too much when I do it ! 
Weeeeeeh ! Panic ! At the Disco comes to town on June 28th . I wannagowannagowannagooooooo !!! D: 
I want to know where/who I got this cold from , so I can properly punch someone in the nads . \ 
I feel like shit . I DON'T LIKE it . I'm gonna be a whiny little bitch about it ! 
It always astounds me how quickly < PROPFEMALE > can hork down a decent sized rat . 
I took some Nyquil before I went to bed last night and now I feel < PROPMALE > over and numb . \ 
That was a baaaad idea . Blugh . 
Hoshit Battle : L.A. was awesome ... but I really to see want Sucker Punch NOW . 
I had two Red Bulls and it feels as if I'm vibrating at a speed where I can pass through solid objects . My brain is spiting out Starfest costume ideas at me at light speed and I think my pen is going to burn straight through the paper I'm putting it to . @_@ ;;; Why does it not have this effect on me when I need it and don't have work the next morning ?! 
New Panic album and Dissidia 2 drop on the same day . Can you see my brain exploding yet ? 
OMGOMGOMG The character designer/ < PROPMALE > ist for Adventure Time is drawing < PROPMALE > for our wedding invitations !!!! Eeeeeee !!! 
New My Little Pony ep , some Pokemon , then passing out . <3 I call that a great night . 
The meat dept . where I work got some shark fillets in . I got a couple for me and my da ' to try . :3 I can't waaaait ! So hungry ! 
Augh ! Finally that stupid Victini stayed in a ball ! F 
I now understand why < PROPFIRST > was so whiny about my Pokemon Trainer gear being left at his place ! The watch/xtranceiver goes off at 11:58 EVERY NIGHT . D: 
Going into work with an eye-stabbing migrane . ; ; Do not wike . 
It would be nice if people would start doing some research before they start to point fingers about trivial things ... or ya know , find something more productive to do . Just sayin ' . 
Great , I have a fever . Why can't I just be healthy for a while ? I miss it . 
Dissidia 2 today ! Once again , I'm going to be stuck at work instead of playing it . Ah , such is life . Poopy . 
My stomach feels like its on fire and I'm stuck at work til 10 . I'm not enjoying this whatsoever . ; ; I feel like crying . How stupid !! 
Slept all day to ignore a fever . Ugh . Its gone , but now I have to deal with a massive headache and the same burning stomach problems as before . This all just needs to go away . 
Fuck you , stomach !! DX < 
My first ER visit ? This isn't interesting , this is BULLSHIT . D: 
I'm trying to convince < PROPFIRST > that its a great idea to get me hopped up on the vicodin the doc gave me and go see Sucker Punch to see how whacked out I get . Probably not going to happen though . :P 
More ponies tomorrow ! <3 Ponies make everything better , especially since I now have the boys hooked on it . 
FFFFFFFFF !!!! Youtube just removed the account that supplied me with My Little Pony on time every week . ALLMYRAGE . Give me back my ponies !!!! 
Is it just me or is the vast majority of the cosplay/anime/gaming community made up of fucking whackjobs ? 
BLACKANDYELLOWBLACKANDYELLOWBLACKANDYELLOWBLACKANDYELLOW . 
Health takes a nose dive at the height of my night and theres work tomorrow . Why do you suck so much , immune system ? Why u do dis ? 
Socrackedoutritenao . omfg . 
I wish I could go home , break into my giant box of ponies and just ROLL in them . 
Ffffffffff buy Tangled or pay off 3rd Birthday pre-order ?! I hate these choices I must make ! \ 
Lucky me , < PROPFIRST > already downloaded Tangled so I know what I'm doing ! 
Yaaaay ! RightStuf ! is releasing boxsets for Utena ! I SO HAPPY ! 
FFFFFFFFF Best Buy was out of Pascal plushies to go with the blu-ray . Stuuuupid !! 
Mmmm I'm so glad Marykay is back . She gives me yummies that help me not murder my useless coworker . X3 
o.o I wanna go home now . This just feels bogus tonight . I'm tired of running to get things finished just because someone else didn't do their job properly . 
HNNNNNG BBQ pork burrito from Qdoba . I can eat 3 if I had the money today . Sogood . 
Holyshit !!! I forgot about Easter < PROPFEMALE > !!! D: I love you , Walgreens !! 
I feel like I'm going crazy . I had bought something last week and I could have SWORN I saw it in my online bank statement ... but now that I'm trying to track the order , I find out that the order isn't not in my history at all ! O.O ; Guh . I needed that ! What a pain in the ass ! 
Finally looked into the new Tomb Raider . A < PROPFEMALE > Croft design that is not completely ridiculous ? I'msookaywiththis . 
I'm so fucking done with people today . I have had it with having to deal with the bullshit , the whining , the incompetence , and the stupidity . My tolerance has been exhausted . Today is a \Don't Fuck With Shauna . \ " day . I'm about to unleash on the next bitch to cross my path . You've been warned . " 
Also listening to teenage/pre-midtwenties girls talk about guys is absolutely MADDENING . Sorry sweety , just because a guy tells you you're pretty but would rather < PROPFEMALE > out with his friends DOES NOT mean he's gay . It means you're pretty , but you are dull as fuck . Accept it , move on , stop making me listen to your whinefest while I'm on my break ... what a waste . /rant . 
Insidious = Darth Maul is a Pedo . \ 
Save your 8.50 . You'll thank me later . 
Life as I know it is crumbling around my ears . I'm terrified and I need you all to help me be strong . I can't do it by myself right now . 
Hey guys ! Thanks for the prayers and good vibes . My family and I packed up our belongings and animals around 1AM last night and saw the fire climb over the ridge leading to our home just as we drove off . We're in a hotel in Loveland right now . The one neighbor that stayed to take care of their buffalo called a moment ago to let us know that they think the fire just missed our place . 
