< PROPMALE > , I'm really missin that boy . Gah , I'm such a basket case > < But I love being that way , also a new song that I'm in love with by Hinder , it's Runing in the rain :3 

I have my laptop back for the next few hours !!!!!!!!! then it's gone again ... 
was at the Nicklback Dark Hourse Tour last night ^^ And says it was ' AWESOME , PAPA ROACH SWEAT ON MU FACE !!!!!! \ " , 2009-08-01 14:36:05 " 
Just got threw walking the dog O_O 85lb Lab that doesn't understand the word W-A-L-K >> 
just got back from a long day of spirtuial healing and lectureing . I made anew friend , she's soooo cute , a lil ' five year old girl ^^ Can't wait for tomoorrow . 
Got up and got my lappy , I think I'm going over to ES to do some posting . I feel lazzzy ;_; Can't wait to see you people at tthe thing this afternoon at six , you'll get to meet my mom , please , no insults . 
went to teh mall today and saw her love and got to huggle him for a moment . She's also strung tight by ehr mothers nagging about her looks and the fact that she's on energy drinks >> 
is writing more poetry on EliteSkills because she can . 
has lazed around all friggin day . . . . . . 
got to see her boo today and was ecstatic !!! ^^ 
XD I'm so happy I got to see you today , I have to say sorry for my awkwardness though . I'm still getting used to people again ;_; For some odd reason large groups scare me now .. 
Going off to play Perfect World >.> And Yes , I finished my homework already . 
is hanging at hime because my dad's back is out and staying on ES because she has nothing better to do with life >.> 
is listening to another pointless fight about Sex between ehr parents , simply because her dad can't get laid by her MOM !!! 
is actually working on her comic strip . . . and book report . 
' s < PROPFEMALE > and Grandfather have finally arrived ! So she's ecstatic !!! 
is left home alone again , hoping her mother and father get back before twelve tonight . > < 
is currently lonely . . . 
is deprressed and missing her counter part . 
is atempting to get people on Perfect World so she isn't so ALONE . . 
is sad because her net went down and her love dissappeared by the time she got back . 
is sad and alone again . . . . 
is tired and wondering why she's on here . . . . . 
finially reset her passpwrd -.- \ " , 2009-09-26 19:40:22 " 
' s mom has left her again . She's wondering how many time's a heart can be broken before the pieces are so small and shattered that you can't fit them together again .. 
is missing < PROPMALE > alot . Shhe's quiet sad with out him and wishs she could call him . Thing's at home are getting more and more confusing for her everyday . . . 
is just sittin all alone and giggling at her face in the mirror ! 
is awake when no one else is ;_; 
is missing her loverly BoyFriend like crazy and resently pissed at the Earth and her Parents . 
is allowed to go to all the band pratices from now on , VOOOOTTTTTT !!!!! 
is missing her baby . . .. 
stayed up till 12:00 AM to talk to her baby , who never came back from lunch . . . . 
is looking for the nearest realitive to move in with . . . . 
is sick as a dog , has her dog on her bed and is cuddling with her . Also is getting ironicly upset with some girl that's hanging around her boyfrend . . . . . But is okay with it . . . . . Kinda . . .. . . Maybe . . . . A little bit . . . . . Needs to talk to Kaela . . . . . 
has the Flu . Doctors want to test her to see if it's the swine flyu . . . 
has ze Swine Flu possibly . . . . Her Doctors think it's just the Flu . . . 
is lonely , oh so lonely . . . 
is going to bed but will anwser phone calls untill eleven , if she doesn't dose off . 
is having strange painful chest pains and hasn't been able to breath all day . . . . And is slightly worried . 
B-L-A-H . . . . Is all she has to say for how her day went . 
is sick as a dog and wishing GG and < PROPMALE > could coem ot her house and P-A-RRRRRR-T-Y !!!!! Like the Cave men did it , fire , marshmellows , and lots and lots of brown pop !!! XD Cause Cavemen so had that stuff XD XD XD >~< Ewwwie ! She just snotted on her keyboard . . . . 
is still using a virus ridden computer from her sister and wishing her darling love would call her tonight even though she has a feeling he wont . 
Found a wonderful Quote for all my pals : Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
has not worn anything except for pajama's for the last week and is very happy about this but also dreading having to wear jeans to school ;-; She will miss the comfort that streachy materials somehow bring into daily life . . . 
If you just smile and grin , \ 
maybe it wont come back again . \ 
That monster in you thoughts , who's name you call . \ 
That devilish grin , \ 
that's your only friend . . . 
Got my binders ready , cleaned out my book bags , got my room clean , took out my < PROPFIRST > illused corkboard and hug it up above the head of my bed ( so I CAN NOT ignor it ... ) and already have my lunch packed . My new goal this year ? To attempt to be organized . . . 
Edward : Damn , nothing to do today . Jasper : Where's < PROPFEMALE > ? Edward : She's on her Peroid . . . Emmette : Sucks to be you < PROPFEMALE > : Umm , you mind not telling everyone I'm on my peroid , thanks . Edward : Why not ? It's true . < PROPFEMALE > : Well , I don't go around teeling everyone you < PROPFEMALE > . Or that you wont fuck my brains out even though I'm more than will . Your not a Vampire . Your a < PROPFEMALE > . A sparkling < PROPFEMALE > bitch . 
is worried about < PROPMALE > because she knows he's in trouble over his grades with his mom . . . . Time for stress eating . . . 
-.- I has a stomach virus and a few cracked Ribs . . . I wanna kill someone ! 
Gosh darn it , sick again ! 
NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! I lost my voice . . ;_; 
Stop lookin up me kilt , ye pervert ! I'm gunna Scottish kick ye face !!! 
I BROKE MY CELL-PHONE AT ZE CLEAN SWEEP !!!!!!!!!!! ;_; 
FML xD Today , my emo boyfriend and I were lying in my bed . He looks at the stretch marks on my hip and says , \You cut yourself too\ " ? Then he starts crying in my arms . They really are just stretch marks ... FML " 
xD MLIA , I found what i expect from < PROPMALE > in the future : Today I walked in on my dad cheering for the rain drops as the fell down the window , he stopped in the middle of one of his cheers and said , \Uh oh ... the other raindrop ate you . \"" 
Today , I was drinking blue Gatorade with a pink straw . The straw turned purple every time I took a sip . I was amazed . MLIA : Yes , me again . 
Yesterday , I bought two goldfish who were orange and white , so I named them < PROPMALE > and Draco . Today I went to go feed them but instead I found the Draco fish floating upside down and the < PROPMALE > fish swimming in circles above it . Well played < PROPMALE > , well played . NLIA : < PROPMALE > , this ones for you . . . 
To < PROPFEMALE > , so you darling : Just for fun I used to pretend that my spiral notebook feels pain when I tear pages out of it . Now I carefully detach them along the perforation and wince when somebody else doesn't . I don't think it's a game anymore . MLIA 
Yesterday , I was playing scrabble on my itouch with my boyfriend . He used the word \hate\ " which was 7 points . I used the word \ " hug\ " which was 14 . Even scrabble thinks giving hugs is twice as good as giving hate to people . MLIA . " 
Today I realized that when you pour hot water over freshly-out-of-the-freezer ice cubes , the crackle and shatter before they melt . I have spent all day pretending to be Global Warming in the North Pole . MLIA 
Today on the way to Wal-Mart , I saw a school bus parked outside a strip club . Kids these days . MLIA 
Today in church I was sitting in front of a family with a five year old boy . During the prayer the boy managed to get a hold of his moms iphone and run down the aisles of the chapel with the lighsaber application on loud singing the theme from starwars . Best . Prayer . Ever . MLIA 
Yesterday , I found out that if my girlfriend and I ever have a kid , she wants to name it after the imaginary dragon I played with when I was six . I couldn't agree more . MLIA Yes , baby-doll !!!!!! What's you imignary friends name again ? 
I GOT MY HAIR DYED RED !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is having a breakdown for no reason . . . >_> RAWR !!!! 
O_O Appearntly there are 6 people in the USA with the name Jesus Christ ROFL 
Stuck in the home again , moms out at school and I'm watchin the brat . 
To heck with it . Just to heck with it all . 
It's time to redefine . \ 
So I wrote myself in Ink , let's fine the white-out . \ 
One problem , \ 
I never bought any . . . 
I'm going to paint my nails black , get on my fav black shirt , and wear my new-ish shoes to town . ^^ To meh on private grog fest ! 
Had a great day today !!!! Got to shee < PROPFIRST > and Tabi and < PROPFIRST > for the first time in forever ! And got to bring them all home and partyyyyyyyy !!! Along with me sidekick and besti , G's ^^ 
Anwser these seven things about your self and post them on your wall for all your best friends to see :\ 
1 ) Fav color ? Green^^\ 
2 ) Fav TV show ? DOCTOR WHO , duh !! \ 
3 ) Fav website ? .... Umm , DeviantArt .... \ 
4 ) Fav pare of shoes ? ;-; the ones without holes in them . . \ 
5 ) Fav pets ? FERRETS !!! \ 
6 ) Fav friend ? GiTaCorBert ! \ 
7 ) Fav hobbie ? ROLLER BLADIN !!! 
THE PARTIES STARTIN !!!!! 
I really should pre-plan my parties before i throw them ... rofl 
Accidently caught the lwn mower on fire . . . It so wasn't my fault though . . . >> It was my dogs for leaving a toy in the tall grass where I couldn't see it . 
More bad luck . I was riding my bike and saw this awesome tree branch , so I trie to touch it , forgetting I was one my bike . I was going pretty darn fast as well . Ended up falling off and sliding through the middle of an intersection . >> Don't worry , the only thing I got was a few bruises and scrapes :D 
Shitty night , but today might be a good day ;) Viewing my cup as full for my own sake and that of others . 
I .... might be moving to Australia ..... 
I'm pimpin skype at the moment :D 
Lifes all about the falls , everytime your face hits the pavement you get a little more sense knocked into your head and learn a new lesson- start tying your shoe laces for one . 
I'm going to Goodwill and rue21 today . My mom's taing me , we're hitting the ones in ashboro and greensboro xD Pardon my spelling . 
I got my first set of skinny Jeans :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D I'mma die with joy !!! 
is just waking up and fixing to go mow the lawn and maybe go over to G's afterwards . 
Someone stole my bike , my sister bike , and my moms bike last night . I can't ride my bike around town anymore , I'm strictly on foot ;-; But mum says I can still go places ... 
Did my chores , going to go < PROPFEMALE > with G and follow her lead xD this should be intresting . 
Spent tha day at Edi's in < PROPFEMALE > Down town , get to go to her upstairs and photo shoot some awesome abansone phone booth and such . I got to help G baby sit her nephew's , they were so freaking cute . But my legs hurt and my feet ;) 
is eager to get RSVP's and see who's coming . 
french pirates . . . Wigs and make-up . . . 
Mom's soooooo not in a good mood . But I'll be leaving for Edi's in about two hours . 
I'm watching the powerpuff girls ;) Good times . . . 
NOW IT'S INVADER ZIM !!!! 
Half of my He < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > Mayer :3 I'm loving this song !!!! Fits me in a way I can't explain . So plans for this day ? Go to Edi's , work on the painting , show off some < PROPMALE > work . Try to seel it ROFL And then show off mine . 
I'm SO FREAKING HAPPYYYYYYY !!!! * Explodes . * 
Sometimes you have to lose somethig to know how great it was , other times you have to get something to know how great it will be . 
Going to be down town again . . . . 
I'm not in trouble for staying out late !!!! :D 
When lfe gives you lemon's you should save for for WWZ so you can squirt them in the eyes of on-coming zombies . 
I'm a bitch , I'm a lover , I'm a child , I'm a mother . I'm a sinner and a Saint , I do not feel ashamed . And you you wouldn't have me any other way ! 
I've had fun goofing off today :D 
Off to bed , text me if you need me . Via my phone not my moms xD 
>> Picking Gabe up at like ... 7PM for the festval . . . 
Dad's asleep , in one of his moods . Mom's out shopping , getting a break from his moods . My sisters playing her computer , ignoring the moods . And me ? I'm sitting here contemplating what's causing the moods . Welcome to the Hensley house-hold . 
DOCTOR WHO PLAYS SOCCER !!! <3 And he's darn sex playin it too :D 
< PROPFEMALE > was here ! :DDD 
Got new pictures going up tomorrow :3 Comment if you love meeeee !!! 
POKE ME if you ever had a crush on me .. LIKE this status if you think \ 
im a good friend .. INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship with \ 
me .. COMMENT on this status if we have had good memories .. Now lets \ 
see who'sbrave enough to copy and paste this on their status . 
I had a weird dream . . . . . . . . Vuri weird indeed . There was a llama fighting a giant unicorn who was made of gold and pooped rainbows . . . . o.o \ I'm still wondering waht my parents druged me with last night . Or maybe it was a weird convo I was haivng .... Not sure . " 
I got < PROPFIRST > in my bed ;P I'm that awesome !!!!! :D 
http://www.nochucknorris.com/ 
Well , I'm cooking supper and on Facebook , woot multi tasking :D Had a wonderful day today . Everything was just blissful . And well , what can I say . Me and G had a ball . < PROPFIRST > coming over was epic :D And yeah , I'm happy . I feel like dancing . But if I do I'll video tape it XD 
I had an awkward dream . . . . It was the middle of WWZ and I was getting married to some ( hot ) Australian dude with an English accent . And the whole time the ' preacher ' was saying the speach we were shooting down zombies coming out form random places while all of you were there too . XD It was vuri funny and when I woke up I was throughly confused . 
6:53 A.M. :D I'm up way too early and I went to bed way too late . Welcome to the land of the insane , enjoy your stay ! 
Like my status and I'll tell you five things I adoore about you , and one thing I dislike about you . Comment my status and I'll tell you my first impression of you , along with a confession . Tell me one thing you like about me , and one thing you dislike , and I'll tell you if I've ever had a crush on you . 
Still working on the lullaby . I feel really stupid doing this . I suck at it . 
Am I some sorta toy for people to take their negitive feelings out on ? WTF . 
Going to the Ice-cream shop at 2 ;) I'll be there until 4:30 . 
It's a sealed deal now . I'm moving to Auzztralia . :D 
GOT A NEW HAIR COLOR !!! :D 
You know what the one truth in the Universe is ? That times not revelant , it's not consistant either , it's simply a paradox filled with sqiggles . 
Went to see MarmaDuke and How to Train Your Dragon , the second one was better . Meand G had a good laugh on the way home , tons in fact . Not sure what we were on XD 
If we all die in the end , why do we live this life of social games and hierarchy ? Why do we have money and market systems . Why do we waste our life impressing others , instead of living it . 
Black = I hate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = I would date you . Blue = I DID love you . Red = I love you . Orange = I like talking to you . White = I really care about you . Silver = We're close . Green = You're sexy . Yellow = I couldn't live without you . Brown = Best friends . Set this as your status and see what colors ... you get ...!! :) 
My < PROPMALE > wont be on a white horse , he'll ride a mechanical Dinosaur and wear a ninja costume . 
I might try and get mom to drive me to the mall in the Truck , or I'll steal my dad's cannon camera and go shot some pictures of my safety places around town . You'll understand the theme name another day . 
Men fear death as a small child fears teh dark , and on teh same coin , the fear grows because we do not know . Because we are unsure of what is after those last few moments of breathing . . . . 
Bleh , my dog's going to have her puppies anyday now . Leave me a message if you're intrested in getting a pure-breed Doxi , good tempered parents . The dad's really pretty . I'll be posting picture of the mom and dad and the pups as soon as their here . IT's going to be the only highlight of my life for the next year I do believe . 
Went to see Iron Man2 :D It was pretty darn kool . But I slept through some of it , I has a cold >.< 
If nothing ever stays the same , then why do we keep living like it does ? 
is trying to us the F'n scanner but can't figure it out !!!! >:O 
Gave up on the F'n Scanner ... 
Going to clean :D 
Well , I have nothing else to do this morning so I'm getting myself back into my Role Playing Groove ;D Wish me luck at getting the rust off these fingers and coming back to life XD 
~ I'm not feeling that great this morning . I think I'll be skipping out on the tubing trip and staying home . It'll be the first time in forever I've been home with literally no one else ! Yeay ! Nap time !!!!! 
Dreaming about Providence\ 
And whether mice or men have second tries\ 
Maybe we've been livin with our eyes half open\ 
Maybe we're bent and broken , broken 
Going Tubing despite the fact I feel bad >.> I'll try not to drown . 
I managed an amazing task today . . . . I stay out in the sun for four hours , and only burnt the left side of my body . Heck yes , I'm that kool ^.^ 
The left side of my body is a kinda darkish tan , the right side is pale as ever . . . . o.o I need to take pictures . 
I've convinced cleverbot it has amnesia and I'm it's younger sister < PROPFEMALE > XD Sweet boredom . 
I has < PROPFIRST > at my house and mu dad's showign him his gaming systems XD :D 
< PROPFIRST > didn't get aroud to leaving until 12:00 AM XD But I was happy about that :3 Got to spend sum time with me < PROPMALE > and Dad is givin me premission to have him over anytime I want . So , he just got the same rights as G's for coming to my house , it's open all day anyday as long as I'm home :3 Woot ~ 
When you think about it , you realize how stupid things are and how perfect that makes them . You come to understand that our perfections are our imperfection , and that you'll always love the people that piss you off the most and still make you laugh . 
' Whats this warm fuzzy feeling inside ?! ' \ 
\IT's love stupad!' \ 
I just got through drinking fifteen cup of highly caffeinated coffeeeeeeeee ..... My fingers are twitching XD ROFL ROFL 
Who knows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Nickname(s ) . Fav color ( s ) . Paste this to your profile and see who knows you best . 
Yet again , < PROPFIRST > was at my house till like 12:30 AM XD \ 
Like I said boy , anytime you wanna come over , it's an open house ! XD Just beware the one eyed chi-wa-wa !!! I hold no responsibility in her actions toward you >.> but it's cause you're black ;D 
I GOT MY LICENS AND I'M ENROLLED IN MY SCHOOL AGAIN !!!!!! PPPPAAARRRRTTTTTYYYYYYYYYY TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Enjoying being home alone , for teh first time in forever again . No one but me and the dogs :D not even my sister ! Woot !!!! 
I'm tired after a first day in school , needing some rest , but not wanting it . Feeling emotionaly drained from other things and totally wrecked . My face looks horrid and I look like a pile of doo-doo ! 
I need a hug ;-; I's crying and I'z confuzzled and gerrrrzzz .... 
I lost my new watch >.< Garrrr ........... Had fun with Gabe when he came over . I've discovered I have mroe fun watching ym dad have fun than having fun myself .... XD Love you papa !!!!!!! 
Eatign flesh colored appeles that fall from the sky , \ 
trying to memorize the phantom of that sense . \ 
It's like blue roses , \ 
are blooming in my heart . \ 
It's a weird feeling , \ 
that wont stop or start . . . 
Maybe I'm a little crazy , but I think my TV was watching me ... :] 
Today I'm more twice of nothing and all of everything tied up in time than ever before . 
Missing my < PROPFEMALE > buddies while I'm here a school with nuttin to do . I wish you guys were around to do sum crazy stuff with . <3 All of you ^.^ 
A lil ' confuzzled but still happy all around . :3 New quote :\ 
I'm everything I will ever want to be , and nothing you'll ever expect me to be . 
Woot , woot , pizza at my skool :D I got chese :3 You're all jealous !!! 
I'm kinda tired of being called < PROPFIRST > by everybody . . . I mean seriously ..... I am . . . Call me < PROPFEMALE > or Noodle if you really do love and know me . 
Iz wit za Faze !!! 
Peace alone at home , I so needed this . Maybe I'll hit the ice-cream shop later , alone again . I need thinking space , room for my thoughts to strech out as far as they please then circle back to reality . Deep though time . What my lifes been , what it is , what I want it to be and what it's going to take to get their . I want to go travel and run free and see and smell and hear ! I need adventure ! 
If you speak your mind , you must trust not to be betrayed . So how do I tell others what I really feel and think .... 
< PROPFEMALE > was here :D 
Love is nothing but chemicals and time . \ 
It leaves us in a dazed state of wonderment . . . \ 
\ 
I miss the days when my heart was black , \ 
when I couldn't care less about how you felt back . ~ Some lines me and G came up with today hanging out on the hood of my < PROPFIRST > . 
Dad's playing with our Aflac Duck in the living room . I'm secretly watching him from arround the corner . . . 
Having fun riding with < PROPMALE > ;D 
I may not be your type of girl , but I'm everyones type of friend . \ 
I may not be in your click , but I've got my own . \ 
I may not be with you in person , but my heart travels far and wide to touch all the people I love . \ 
I just may not be his girl , but I'll sure as hell be someones someday ; and I'll be his girl , his click , and with him in heart and person . 
Today was grrreeeaaattttttttt !!!!! <3 I'm going to clean and cook and do sum stufff's that need to be done . 
I'm making my own path , forget the trails . It's time to be a leader , and stop following someone else ! It's my life , my words , my mind , and my heart . If you can't handle it , then you don't need to be a part . So suck it up and love me , or forget who I am . Either way , I'm my own and no one elses to command . 
What is poetry other than ones attempt to put the complex chemicals we call emotions into the pores of the paper on our desks by filling them with a black and blue liquid . 
I need a guy who's into < PROPMALE > , but still dresses like a ninja . I want a guy who thinks I'm beautiful , even though I didn't get ready . I'm waiting for that guy , who not stupid enough to sow himself off , but sneaks up on me . I'm interested in the guy , who thinks my giggle snorts are the best . I'm just hanging here , for the guy who everything I'm expecting , or something I'm not . 
GG's dad found a blind bird and gave it to me , I'm going to try to keep it alive , but it may not live very long . Im surprised it's lived as long as it has , it's fully grown ! But after looking at it for a long while I noticed that it's left eye seems to be newly closed . I think infection got it . Either way , it's my new challenge to keep it alive . I havent named it yet either . 
I'z off to do my thing . . . 
:D Spanish was fun today , I learned to say \I don't need a boyfriend to be happy\ " in spanish as well as \ " I really need a latino girlfriend ! \ " XD XD Can't say I'll be using the second one too often . " 
I'm just like that , a solid stone rock with no emotions to hurt . Unless you get under my skin , then there's another side I don't want you in . 
Staying home again , cleaning the kitchen and trying not to feel too bad . Maybe a nap will help , and a crap load of pepto . . . Or something else to help my upset tummy . 
Maybe it's time for me to stop trying so hard to be liked by others , and start loving myself for all the flaws that I have . 
You know what books smell like ? They give off the aroma of ...... Knowledge . . . 
My home is the sea , \ 
these waves under neath , \ 
will soon be my home . \ 
For now I'll dream , \ 
falling asleep . \ 
Dreaming of a time , \ 
when I wasn't all alone . \ 
Dream ! \ 
The Sirens are singing your song . 
Again , random depression strikes . Every fiber of my being urges me to go jump off a < PROPMALE > , but trust me I'm not suicidal . It doesn't make sense , and that only makes things worse , but I know I'm fine . Images of what I used to be flashing acros my eyes . I'm refusing to let my heart win again . I've gotten rid of anything I can hurt myself with , part of me wishes I hadn't . . . 
And after the lights have gone out on your dreams , you're left sitting there with me . \ 
I'll keep your head up , as long as you trust me . \ 
Because that's all I was ever meant to be , \ 
strong for some body elses needs . 
Working on a new drawing . Inspired by Sleeping With Sirens sone , Don't fall asleep at the Helm . . . Oh , and newer almot makes me want to write lyric's words :D And the silence seeps in and suffocates all trace of conversation again . 
I don't ever wanna hear you say \I love you\ " \ 
HEY Daddy ! Momma !! \ 
Just to let you both know , I love you :D And ya'll mean the world to me . 
I think . . . I'm going to go write some poetry , it's been forever . . . My depression stage is over now , I think . I'm content with life , all it's given , taken , promised , broken , and done with me . 
Yup , photoshoot time :D Let see what me and my magical lighting can do with my face ;P Wish me luck , this is going to be hard work , making that mess look good ... 
Got my home work done . I feel like running now . . . :D Yay excersise ! I think I'll run to the ice-cream shop , buy sum ice-cream , and roll myself home :3 
You know what being single is like ? \ 
It's like being the only kid without a valentine . \ 
It's like that bitter sweet taste one his breath . \ 
It's like that look she doesn't give you anymore . \ 
It's like what I always wanted , was never infront of me . . . But so far ahead , it's not even possible for me to see . 
D: My back , my back ! I need someone to pop it , but everyones all like \I don't want to accidently grab your boobs ><\" \ 
If accident allows-\ 
If kismet will grant-\ 
If everything would just stop and stand-\ 
I'd scream I love you , \ 
and not care who heard or what they said . 
Another hug contest :D First one to give the correct answer wins !!! \ 
People that can't play this because I know they know the answer :\ 
< PROPMALE > !!!! >:3 I told you the answer friday lovely ! \ 
Question :\ 
What song do these lyrics belong to , and whats the bands name ? \ 
If I've been acting just a little strange\ 
And you have noticed it too\ 
It's ' cos my life has been rearranged\ 
With the presence of you 
You know your bad arse when you can kill someone with a paperclip , a post-it note pad , or a ink cartridge ;D Let's see how devious you are ! Tell me one way to kill a person with one or more of these weapons in as much detail as you can . 
' If you can't understand me , at least believe in my decisions and try to understand that I'll do what is right in my heart and mind . And believe that one day these decisions might turn out to be right for me . . . ' 
Afternoon of having fun , bye-bye . No one can come over , and no one did ;-; Eh , oh-well . Gunna watch my horror movie and go < PROPFEMALE > bed . Nighty-night peeps :D Peace , Love , Pixie dust . 
Funny jokes !!!! :D 
So what do you do when the worlds about to end ? Try to lick you're elbow to be original :D 
G : OMG ! It's like a little vibrater !!!! \ 
Connifer : -.- G , really ... \ 
G : O_O On my lap , I mean ! \ 
Connifer : .... That made it worse ..... * Posts on FaceBook . * 
Rawr . Today's . . . Been a day . I'm tired , hoping tomorrow goes better and that I find something fun to do . Dad's talking about going to < PROPFEMALE > Corral for breakfast , I'm not so hot about the idea , but I more than likely will be while I'm eating , then later I'll feel like a cow XD 
What's a relationship supposed to be like ? \ 
I was asked .... I muddled it over , thought of every pretty poetic thing to say . Yet nothing made more sense than these simple words I replied with ; a relationship is not finding someone to build your future around , it's finding someone to share it with . \ 
\ 
So why had I never known this until now ? 
Watch how many times you do a thing over ; sometimes a man may wish to die , not because he is wretched or honorable in death , but because he is suirfrited with life . 
No deep thoughts today , but I think the movie ' Easy A ' is a very good moral lesson , funny , and very realistic . At least for modern day high-school-rumors-spreading parts of it . Maybe it'll make people think twice before they believe a rumor . 
When you fall asleep watching an action thriller , you have weird dreams . When you fall asleep while you're asleep , you just wonder WTF happened . 
Emotions surge on a person like waves , they beat aganist the shore for one strong moment , then slowly wash back out to sea . 
And as you sit there , on the edge of nothing and everything , you realize how fast it all went and how long it took was only the start of the ending to the begining of the middle of your life . And you revile in it all , the good , the bad , the average , and the sad . Because in the end , it's the memories you made with people that count , not the times you'll forget . 
A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts , oh no I’ll sell them for a dollar \ 
They're worth so much more after I’m a gone\ 
And maybe then you’ll hear the words I been singin’ \ 
Funny when you're dead how people start listenin’\ 
If I die young bury me in satin\ 
Lay me down on a bed of roses\ 
Sink me in the river at dawn\ 
Send me away with the words of a love song 
That ticking noise you hear that sounds like a leak , \ 
water to tin and over again . \ 
The song that's played , \ 
with poetic words . \ 
Speaking brightly , \ 
of morbid death . \ 
Yes , \ 
that noise is what I speak of . \ 
you wonder what it is ? \ 
then come closer to my chest , \ 
and louder it'll get . \ 
Because it's the sound , \ 
of my broken soul . \ 
It's been that way for a while , \ 
but it's repeating it's song . \ 
Hoping someone will listen , \ 
and know . 
So what am I left with when my entire sense of belonging is severed at the ends ? \ 
Where do I go , when every home I've ever known has changed , \ 
when my existance there ends . \ 
If I've ever felt more alone I think I would've known , \ 
that my place in the world was erased by time and I'm left standing with no where to run , and no where to hide . \ 
And I'm still wondering , \ 
where am I ? 
I pour poison into my heart , then wonder why I hurt . 
I'm so tired and worn out . I think I'm going to spend this afternoon napping ..... Gah , my body ach's all over >.< I miss daddy , I can wait for him to get out of the hospitial ... 
When you think about the relationships you build while you're in Highschool you realize that they are only practice for the adult world . After you graduate realistically you wont see those people again very much and yes you may promise to keep in touch but life will find away to intervene and you will stop talking . So why do we put so much trust and emotional care into people who are but stepping stones in our lives ? 
I need a thrill , something to make my heart race ! \ 
Feel the beat of it dancing in my chest ? \ 
I need a waltz , with a side of romance . \ 
I need discovery , with a hint of danger . \ 
I want to dreams of cities far away , and know that this is where I'll never stay ! 
This story is a string of lies , this is the story of my life . For every breath I have taken , another one has stopped , for every sight I have seen , eyes have closed . It's time to personalize what's within and socialize the vivid images I see in my head . It's time to breath the < PROPMALE > work that is my blood . 
Turning around and round , looking for the way out . Focused on the past so hard my future blurr's . I dream of everything in between the lines of sanity and reality yet never find my medium . I wait for open arms but shun the ones already there . I year for a thrill , but never move anywhere . Time for decision has come and past , now I'm moving late but surely not last . 
I stepped back from my canvas , and what doth mine eye behold ? My life so far , I saw black streaked thickly , red hidden behind my blues , and the large drops of yellow crusted with pink . Then , my eyes drifted down to the empty white corner . . . And secretly only I know , it's left for you . Whom ever you may be . . . 
I GOT A NEW HAIR CUT AND COLOR !!!!!!! :D I LOVE IT , I WISH THIS FONT COULD GET BIGGER TO EXPRESS MY JOY MORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Need to get a better picture of my hair , with my make up on properly and less spot light XD 
I feel I may have a cold D: NOOOOO !!!! I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > hopefully , playing Halo and MW2 is no fun when you're shivering and got a runny nose ;-; Immune system POWER !!!! * Capitan plant move and big sparkling lights . * I'll be better in an hour now . . . . Hopefully >.< 
Eating flesh colored apples from the sky , \ 
I memorize my dreams of you . \ 
Laying on dull rocks , cold to my skin , numbing myself again . \ 
A phantom of your lips presence , \ 
fading out from within . \ 
Slowly my breath dissipates , \ 
hanging frozen in the air . \ 
Prepare for the death of sentiment and life of regret , \ 
here is wrought my plan and all I've ever been . 
Today was great ! Went to the Lazy 5 Ranch/Petting zoo . Can't wait to put those pictures up . :D There'sa one of my kissing a cockatoo and a Giraff . 
Wow , today has just been great , not only did I go to lazy 5 ranch , but my internet on the computer in my room finially decided to work . 
Bah , this computer's too slow for me to upload Lazy 5 Ranch pic's ... 
Well , today has gone by very slowly so far . I might go for a walk and take a few pictures then come back and do a deep cleaning scrub on the house . . . I honestly have nothing else to do . . . Bleh , the boredom of being out of school . Txt me if ya got my numba ^.^ 
Everyone wears a mask , and there comes a day when we cannot remove this mask without removing our own skins . 
That's it , I'm finally putting my mind to it . I'm going to get someone to help me edit my poetry and make it into a book of poems . I don't care if there morbid , depressing , slightly off . Their mine and I'm proud of them ! 
I'm turning off the computer , taking the batteries out of my phone , cutting the cord to my TV ; getting out my books , sketching pad , and blasting my radio . Fuck the world , the drama shit , the stress ; todays about me having fun , on my own , and getting back down to my own problems and my own little reality . If you needed me today for something really important I'm sorry , otherwise peace . \ 
~ With love , Constance < PROPFEMALE > Hensley . 
Im a liar . Im hanging out with G all day ! :3 
Any man who can pull off a kilt , is a real man . All the others are just boys . . . . ( Excluding < PROPMALE >!) 
No matter how hard your run , the past is always present and the future is always passing . Learn to live with this , and your life will be much easier . 
Anger without reason is simply rage misdirected . Yet I find my blood boiling with rage and my vision tinted with red . . . And I'm not angry , I'm F**K'n PISSED ! 
Okay , no longer mad . Listening to Enya . . . God , if it wasn't for some of her songs I'd be in jail for homicide . 
Foot in mouth ? Its okay we'll chew it off for you . Digitalised blood ? Kool enuff . Giant mutants with pimples ? Plastic sugury fixes everthing dear . And , before youre dead . . . We'll cut your arm off and wave you a goodbye with it as you fall hundreds of feet to your death . Ahhhh , gotta love a family of mutant monsters . - The Hills Have Eyes 2 
Working on some photography . I think I'm going to do a Mother nature , Daughter nature , sister earth thing XD ROFL ROFL Be prepared for my suckish talents ^.^ 
Done with the photography spree . Let's put up sum pppiiiccctttuuurrreeesss !!!! :D I want lots of opinions on tis >:| If you don't comment .... I'll hunt cha down and eat both your index fingers and ya thumbs ..... 
Colors captured in photographic manners , my soul stealing into the pixels . Oh why can you not pull forth , the sight of a camera into the mind of my beholders ?! Torturous meanings trapped forever breathing . So shall I be , laid in the grave , frozen by my tome's own feeling ? And then say we , beauty never ageing , that we remember the sins of the dead and forgive only those who've stopped asking pardon ! 
if slightly freaking out because she's unable to locate her < PROPMALE > portfolio and really need's it . . . . 
When people wonder , \ 
When they ask me why , \ 
When they wont take nothing for an answer . \ 
That's when they've gone to far . I'm not some girl , who knows why she's bitter . I'm not a girl , who's sure she's right . I'm a girl , with so much hate she smiles . With such intense depression , she smiles wider . I'm a girl , who wants so badly to be loved , that she loves anyone and everyone more than they will EVER know . 
I'm coming to school as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > the first for historical figure day tomorrow :D I tried on my out-fit for it tonight , took nearly and hour to get the strings tied by myself . But hey , it'll be worth it to see the looks on people's faces :D Though I'm not sure that it's right . I had to get the cheapest dress I could , and it happened to be hot pink ._. \ " , 2010-10-27 23:13:27 " 
It's amazing to me . People can claim to be christians , and yet they descrimnate aganist other christians in a rude manner . If you're going to do it , at least be christianly about it . . . . Ironic much ? 
When your past is present , you should turn to the future to escape the torments of yester-morrow's times . 
The only way to have depression , is through extreme joy that is suddenly , or slowly , lost . Today , I have this joy . Thus tomorrow , I may be depressed . But it will only be because I have lived good times so that I may understand the sorrow of the bad . 
I may not party with the groups , but I'm an animal of my own accord at my own time . :P Are cha'll just so jealous that only G knows that party animal inside of me !! XD 
And when the night ended , when her arms were tired of being held , when her breath's seemed alone in their patern . . . She felt the emptyness return and wondered why the gaping divide was only the lonelyness of her heart beat from his . 
Her soul's end wraped in his being . To be comsumed by another completely , and to know it's okay . For that is all , all she'd ever needed . 
No poet can explain- Writer's block . 
My whole life's been one giant chess game , and I'm still trying to stay three steps ahead of the other players . 
When I was younger , I never pretended I was a < PROPFEMALE > . I knew I'd never be one . I didn't sit and wait for my knight and shinning armor to appear and make me feel all better . I knew I'd never get one . All I ever wanted , all I still want -- Is to find someone who loves me . . . That I can love back . And that's something I know I'm going to keep waiting on . 
Wow , last night was so fun ! Some people from the spanish congregation in my church had a party and invited me :D We had a huge bon-fire ! With marshmellow's the size of my fist . There was orential style mexcian foods , and salsa music . A few of the sisters and brothers were teaching me to dance ! And- I didn't trip over anyone . Once I got the beat down , I was really good . 
Well , I guess you can say this waz my bad day of the week . And when I need mroe than anything someone to talk to , I find no one I want to speak with . You are all great friends , so don't worry . It'z just a sluming feeling :( I'll be better by tomorrow . 
The freedom of a word allows the escape of the soul . \ 
|\ 
Love is not unconditional , it's contition lies within the ability to forgive , forget , and trust . 
I write words , not to change- but to inspire change . I speak my mind , not so that others may know- but so they will understand . I believe , not so people will follow- but so I can be who I wish to be . I love , not so I will be loved back- but so that someone always has someone who DOES love them . I am , not so others may study- but so I may set a prescident and others will see something they've never seen before . 
Yes , that is a toe on my foot . No , it's not super awesome like supermans , but it's my toe and that makes it great all the same . <<<-- Was in a conversation with herself . 
Even from the start , I was born to never let love stop me from leaving , but I've always came back . But it seems now , other's wont wait for me . So what do I need to come back for ? Two more years , two years till I can leave . Till I can run to the ends of the earth , sea , and sky and never come back . I'm ready , ready to see it all and hear it all , at my own pace . 
A surprise for you all :\ 
I was cooking baked beans , with bacon fat in them , on a stove that's kinda old , in a cast iron frying pan . I was wearing a set of old worn out blue jeans , with a button up light blue shirt . I was humming a country song , I was sipping apple cider . . . Then I was telling my aunt and uncle good-bye and said \Yaw come back anytime ya hear\ " . . . I think I've lost it .... " 
Blah . . . I could totally go for sum snuggling right now . . . * Sit's lonely like in her room . * 
Watching ' The Walking Dead ' and hugging my blankets close to my face . So many thrills !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Swift sing's today is a < PROPFEMALE > tale , I stand infront of a moutian of dishes and wonder what she's smoking .. . . And where I can get me sum XD ROFL 
. . . No words of advice . . . Other than tomorrow , stay OUT of my way and back OFF . . . >:| I MEAN IT . . . 
I'm still in a ' Gerrrr ' mood . But , I don't think ayone has to worry about me snapping on them . . . I'm too tired for it XD 
You're ninity precent of why I get up . The other ten is the fact that I have to pee , so get OUT of the bathroom already !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm tired of stero-types . I'm sick of hate I'm done with love . I've forgotten how to forgive . I'm unable to hold a grudge . I'm pathaticaly easy to step over . I have no clue what I want to do with my life . I wish I was a little kid again . The world sucks . So stop whinning over your problems look directly in the sun for ten minutes and try and see the bad in life . Cause the only thing left will be for you to hear the good . 
It's the moment's you forget to plan , the words you didn't say , the dreams you didn't shoot for , the one who just wasn't it . It's those moment's that shape you , turn you , show your true feelings , and express that you do care enough to realize- You made a mistake . And it's the moment you say sorry , that I love you . 
Working very hard on my presentation about Depression for pyschology class . :D Hope it goes well . Wish me luck ;3 
I'm a veil in time , \ 
I watch as it passes through me . \ 
How to give substance , \ 
to the illiousion . . . 
Grand < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are here . I'm happy , content , and full of pizza :D Enjoying the little moments in life . 
GRandmothers going to be here tomorrow :D YEAYYY !!!! I expect to get yelled at for having the house a ' mess ' but eh , it's worth having fun ^.^ OH !! \ 
IT'S SNOWING !!!!!!!!!!! Be jealous , vuri jealous >:3 Cause I'm so kool , I made it snow :P 
I feel . . . Without cause . . . Depressed . . . Suicidal . . . but most of all , hopeless . . . ;-; 
I got something new , something old , something used . I got something warm , something to sleep with , something slightly torn . I got something flat , something tan , something wonderus that you can fill with friends . Can anyone guess what I got ? 
Went out to eat today with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Talbott , < PROPFEMALE > Hall , Gabe Goine , < PROPFEMALE > Bouldin , < PROPFIRST > Naviro , and < PROPMALE > Watkins . It was so much fun :D :D :D :D Ya'll made my day ! 
I feel overjoyed ! As if mirth is falling from the air around me and covering me . :D 
Doing those drawing's I've been paid for . Keeping an ice pack on my neck and switching it with a heating pad at times . I think I'm going to be looking at my feet perminatly from this . . . It's not so fun when you're running a temp of 99.9 and your neck feels like someone's trying to snap it in two . . . I'll be happy when I'm done with the drawings for this week . . . 
Fat Snow flakes falling from the sky , it's everything I've been whishing for since last friday night ! I couldn't be happier !!!! 
May you never lie , cheat , or steal , but . . . If you must steal , steal away my sorrows . If you must lie , lie with me all our nights together . And if you must cheat , cheat death . For I could not imagen a day without you by my side . . . . 
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump it's butt . -Aunt Vehlma 
I own the following movies\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars Series Gold edition\ 
My Fair Lady\ 
Indiana Jones Series\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek Enterprise seasons 3 , 4 , 6 special edition Season one on DVD\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Eyre original motion picture in black and white\ 
Gorge of the Jungle\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek Enterprise First Contact\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek Enterprise-Captian < PROPMALE>'s adventures\ 
Pride and Preduice\ 
Sence and Senciability\ 
SG-1 Seasons 1-6\ 
Call me a nerd again I like it ;3 
I required a new Enya CD . I do believe I'm fully relaxed for the first time in . . . . Ever . 
I'm eagerly dreading school . . . I'm ready to go to bed and get back , but I wish I could just go in my PJ's and bedroom slippers and sleep all day . 
Time for talk is over , time for action is threw , the time has come and gone but I'm still standing here , waiting for god knows what to happen . . . Maybe I'll start walking away . . . 
Working on the Chem blog . Maybe I'll make a group on Face Book just for my class so we can have open group decissuions . Wish everyone had skype , it's be an easy confrence call . 
Got everything done . Gunna go clean the kitchen and cook tomorrows breakfast and lunch . Got to ride the bus tomorrow , icky . . . 
Looking at Lyme Academy College of Fine Arts . . . Everything in me says yes . . . But I don't think I'd be able to make it . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's ...... no fun 
Going to a pig picking , wooooot ~ \ 
Woke up in a bad mood , feel fat and ugly and crapy . . . -.- I just need ot crawl back in bed and try to restart the wake up process . . . 
712-789-9958 
Maybe I'm just a dreamer , but at least I dream in color instead of black and white . 
If you really knew me , you'd know the pain behind my eyes was not really pain , but memories I hide . . . 
Gurly , your choice . But if you want something , you gotta claw and fight for it and kick the arse of anyone else who dares lay a hand on it . T-shirts included XD 
The right guy for me . . . He'll give me a lil ' ol ' plain copper ring , and know it's what I want . 
Going to get my license , and pick up mum . . . >.> 
I'm confused about how I feel about my mum returning . . . . Torn between crying and celebrating .... 
Acording to < PROPFEMALE > , good movie , totally < PROPFEMALE > realistic though . Depressed girls for one , nomraly don't find the guy of their dreams . Two , if they do , it will never totally kill the depression . Three , like heck their mom's would exile them to their < PROPMALE > grandparents house in NJ . . . Oh-yeah . .... 
But you should be able to do teh same for him , you two have to work together and hold each otehr up even when the burden is too heavy for either to walk with . \ 
S'what love is . Forgiving and forgetting without boundries , having the ability to trust without thinking about it . \ 
Giving eah otehr everything without fear . \ 
Or regret . \ 
~ For anyone who wondered what I concider loveing .. 
Had a nice day today :D I have ot say meeting up with < PROPFIRST > , Poncho , and others really was a ton of fun :D :D :D 
If my life were to end today , \ 
if everyone I knew just went away . \ 
IF my world , stoped spinning and was left with nothing to say . . . \ 
I'd still be the friend you knew , \ 
I'd still love each and everyone of you :D 
If all else fails , realease the virus-Z and run for your life . . . BUT , that's only if their out of tacos . . . 
I am who I am , take or leave it . Because eventually , it will be taken and you'll be the oen who missed it . 
It's the whispered words , the thoughtful silence of a conversation that makes my dreams so sweet . . . 
1st person to like my status- I'll change my last name to yours for a week . \ 
2nd person to like my status- I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . \ 
3rd person to like this status- I will answer any question ( Inbox only ! )\ 
4th person to like my status- Can choose my profile picture . \ 
Put this as your status if your brave enough . 
My back hurts . . . . 
Cut my losses , pull up my roots . It's time for this girls feet to move , I'm read for a new scene , fresher air , and a place I can breath . . . I'm ready to move . 
Seriously . I was away from here . I'm ready for my out . I'm ready to go . To travel away . 
The heart is foolish , we are but the fools who follow it . 
I'm amazing , end of story . 
Ate out at Red Robbins , then cleaned for a bit , now I'm lounging on the computer . \ 
Words of the Wise ? \ 
Don't eat saucy foods if you want to keep a clean shirt : Don't tell lies unless you're willing to acept the after math of being caught in one . 
I'm going to put on my brown skirt , my brown shirt , my black flats . I'm going to turn on my Enya CD . I'm going to clear out the center of my room . . . And by god . I'm going to dance until I can't breath , until all I hear is my heart in my ears , until I'm glowing with sweat , and you're nothing but a fadded memory that's been stepped on in my floor . 
I dream in color to fill the void that is the future , for I can not see what's ahead . 
I'mmmmmaaaaa go play my MMORPG ; Perfect World International . Wish me luck . 
Lad , don't play with those , you'll need them someday . . . . 
Mom : Don't mess up the mayo !!!!! \ 
Me : I love you too mum . . . 
You know what really get's me ? People . . . 
Goodnight , Sweet Dreams , and Don't choke on your lies . . . 
Mummy : Oh , I love this song ! \ 
Me : It's < PROPMALE > Mars . . . \ 
Mummy : Hahahaha , rip the breaks out my car . . . . You wouldn't do that would you ? \ 
Me : . . . 
I am . I breath . I think . I feel . Thus , I am . Which is better than you , because you were , and I am . 
Apperantly , I'm ninjia and didn't even know it . 
I think . . . I'm going to skip my monthly hair cut . . . . 
When sympathy fails , and all that's left is for you to bite your nails . . . Take a word from the not-so-wise , stop carrying others and learn to walk for your self . 
I tried to dye my hair blond . . . It came out a copper-y brown color . . . 
Cooking pasta , than putting highlights in my hair . . . I'm thinking about doing only the tips . . . . X3 
When I think about my age , all I can think of is the time I've spent , wasted , gave , forgotten , lost track of , kept track of , use wisely , used poorly , and how much I don't have left . . . ~.~ God , I'm having a mid-life crisis at 17 . . . Someone can slap me now , I've earned it . 
I am a < PROPFEMALE > at cooking sweets . . . . Bow down . NOW . 
Dude , it's tomorrow . . :3 
I'm going to go dancing in the lightening . . . . :D 
I'll be on SKYPE at 7 PM for those in Chemistry who want to work on that take home test :D SPREAD THE WORD !!!! 
PWI got an extension !!! :D \ 
And I'm on Skype now . . . 
A Computer once beat me at chess , but ti was no math for me in kick boxing -Unknown X3 
I'm now 17 . I'm allowed to date . I'm allowed to get a job . I'm allow to stay out later . . . And you know what . . . I probably wont do any of the above , because now that I can . . . There's no thrill in it XD 
I KNOW WHAT I WANT FOR MY LATE BIRTHDAY PRESENTS !!!!! I want colored penciles and sketching paper . . . 
I'm so not in the mood to be awake . . . I almost have my room clean , I've almost got my homework done , I've almost gotten ready for bed . . . . T.T I'm so not ready for bed or school tomorrow . 
Welcome to goodbye , say hello to fair well , and give me a kiss for ol ' times sake . . . 
Zombie Whores X3 Always funny ! 
Sometimes , I'm just sick of it all , everything . School , work , social lives , home . . . I've lost my only escape because it's become a job . I need to find my peace again . . . 
I have no inspirational saying up my sleeves today . I have no advice for those with troubles . I have nothing for anyone . So leave me alone , take a step back , and learn where your place in my life ACTUALLY is . 
. . . I may have found a mentor !!!! <3 
Working on my RP's again . And working on posting . Gawd , I love writing ! 
My day='s Good <3 ' s 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > Pacheco are making Pecan pie , homies be good ! 
Mom : Clean your room . . . * Evil stare . *\ 
Me : >.> \ 
Mom : I'm going to shave your head and write ' Slacker ' on the back in permanent marker if you don't . . . * More evil stare . *\ 
Me : * Furiously cleaning my room . * 
I may not be the best , but I'm certainly good at what I do . 
Age is just a number to the time you've spent breathing , thinking , learning , experiencing , and living . It's a good thing , because every year you spend doing this , is another year people get to love you\ 
~ < PROPFEMALE > A . Hensley 
I need to get a new sketchpad . . . Mines almost over with . . . ;-; 
GOT TO CLEAN MY ROOM OR HAVE ME HEAD SHAVED !!!! 
Okay . . . I REALLY need a new sketchpad . . . . Mom said I cna earn t by having a good attuide . . . Does this mean my attuide is so bad , my parents are willing to pay me to have a good one . . . 
I can not find a Role Play to my liking and I've got an open spot for one . . . I hate you , you illiterate n00bs who want to make one liner plots and sex themed Role Plays . . . . I hate you . . . . \ 
~ The very ANGRY short person . . . . 
Me : Yeah . . . Nerds are so ' un-kool ' . . . Yet we throw the best parties . . . \ 
And we are , at the same time , responsible enough to make sure no one get's hurt or drives home drunk . . . \ 
< PROPMALE > E . : Yep . We're pretty cool in a secretive kind of way . \ 
Me : Nerds X3 We're ninja's 
Off to drawing . . I need to work on it , even if I < PROPFEMALE > reduced to drawing on note book paper for the time being . . . >_< I HATE THIS !!! I NEED , no , I REQUIRE . . . No ! I DEMAND A NEW SKETCH PAD !!!!!! 
Noobs >:| They make me very angry . . . 
It's lovely today . . . 
I FOUND MY DOPPLE GANGER !!! OMG !!!!!!! 
Ahhh , signing up for classes . . . \ 
Lovely . 
I . AM . A . MAZE . IN . . . Nuff said . 
My personality is so simplistic , yet so complex . It really depends on you what my personality is . Are you prepared to attempt and figure me out ? Or just quit and walk away ? 
Hawaiian people look like swollen Mexicans . - Gabriell I . 
I'm not rolling over anymore . This time , I'm standing my ground , reguardless of what anyone has to say about it . 
Grab the closest book to you , turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy the rules as part of your status . \ 
Besides , he was hardly in a position to fall for this lass , though resisting temptation had never been his forte . 
Pontypool , Ontario , Ca . . . BEST MOVIE IDEA EVER !!! 
