A hat . 

Mom is threatening to kick me out . 
I guess 3:37 AM is late enough to go to bed , kinda early though . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpRYypGpvkM 
\Do three applications a week or you're sleeping in your car\ " Im so glad my mom loves me . " 
I should probably upload a picture of myself .... 
Working 7 days a week , 30 hours a week . It's not as bad as I thought it would be , but knowing that I don't have a whole day to myself is a bit frustrating . 
Im just one DM away from my next belt , and I have to wait a whole month just to get the one technique * sad face * atleast I know everything else pretty well . 
Life is encased in shadow , waiting for time to reveal your future . Your past was illuminated , but remains a faint glow dimly lit by memory . The present glows constantly , but cannot give light to the past or radiate the path ahead . 
The wisdom of our creed is revealed through these words . We work in the dark and serve the light . Nothing is true , everything is permitted . 
Out of all the reasons to live , I find people to be the only one that really truly matters . I have had some of the darkest thoughts enter my mind but memories of friends and family always brightens my day . 
How can I make up my mind ? make up goes on your face . 
whoever decided that selling a super supreme with double toppings was plausible should die .... it doesn't even completely cook right , I mean really ? I hate customer service sometimes .... 
Im tired of not being enough for people . Atleast im an hero in my own mind . 
Sigh -- I suck at writing essays . Oh well , this is going to be the best one I have ever written , there's no way im going to lose ! 
Just about finished , just need to make sure everything makes sense , create a good conclusion , and im set ! 
My manager knows im looking for more hours . I was supposed to get off at 8 but got off at 11 instead . Woohoo 20 dollars extra ! I might be able to afford karate membership AND gas , im super excited ! 
So I got fired from my job for being to slow and not paying attention to detail . Well my boss cleans MY house for my mom and he's twice as slow as me and missed more than I did . 
J-POP !!!! 
Vageta , 
Woo purple belt test tomorrow ! Im excited ! 
Woo the test was awesome !! 
Well I didn't get the scholarship , back to job searching ! 
Gundam 00 is soooo cooooooooool 
The next phantasy < PROPFEMALE > game is for the DS T T_T T 
Im in an odd mood today , I have no idea why .... It ' almost like my personality keeps changing . 
Im done messing with my computer , it's reformat time ! If that doesn't work it's a hardware issue and I would have spent less time in the first place . * sigh * technology T_T 
So im back on my desktop , < PROPMALE > found an easier solution than reformatting . Thanks . 
I wonder how many other people play phantasy < PROPFEMALE > universe . 
If I were to dissapear tomorrow , would anybody miss me ? Yeah . A ton of people would . I live my life for people , I would die for them . For an acquaintance I would sacrifice time . For a friend I would risk my life . For a close friend I would die . For a true friend I would suffer . Im not going to die for a very long time , but unitll I do I will do everything to give what I can to the people in my life that really matter . 
Installing a game without a working CD tray ... fun times . 
Getting Onimusha music at 2 AM , Awwww yeahhhhhh . 
SENGOKU BASARA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If you can't always keep small promises , how can you be expected to keep big ones ? 
I finally have a set goal to become a martial arts teacher ! 
Today was a baaaad day , im glad it's over though !! 
Im trying to download some Touhou games , they look really hard but reallllly fun 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atLglRhmWgc&feature=related 
I'm reallllly depressed right now . 
Heroes of newerth , It's like a rollercoaster of emotion ! ( ROARRR I DIED/ WOO WE'RE SO GOOD ) 
Lost mah job guys , im both relieved and upset , good news is I have more time for karate ! 
Not even 2 days and mom is on my case about job searching .... woooow . 
My picture is Gass ( pronounced gauss ) from the anime Munto , and he is so very cool . 
Freshershest 
I hate it when people discuss video games with me , and they have noooo idea what they are talking about . 
Just got back from demo team , I forgot how much fun it was xD 
I'm starting academy , after I get my red belt I will be a karate teacher xD 
read it , it's L cok 
So I have been lying in bed for an hour and a half and still can't sleep after writing down my thoughts , taking 2 doses of gabba calm , stretching and heavily meditating . I have to wake up in less than 6 hours for academy and I don't know if im going to be able to sleep at all . On that note , does anybody else have some good tips for falling asleep ? 
I needs a redbelt < PROPMALE > and peoples are having a hard time gettings me one . 
Im trying to teach myself piano , woo ! Piano , anime , video games , karate , what could be better ? 
Heroes of Newerth : where retards get put on your team . 
Life is scary , sad , and depressing at times . If you don't have a reason to live for yourself , then live for others . Make their lives a bit brighter , it just might reflect back onto you . 
Computer's overheating again , aweome . Good thing I have this sweet laptop . 
I was never destined to see karate kid T_T 
Now is probably a REALLY good time to go sleep . 
I spend too much time on here , I should really spend more time talking to friends or practicing kempo . Atleast something slightly productive T_T 
Last day to review ikkai , tommorow I'm supposed to test for my red belt . Wish me luck . 
Can't sleep , so nervous . 
Going to finish up my Ikkai tomorrow . Thank you Senseis for the help today . The rest of this will be cake . 
I'm sleepy , and too anxious for my test to sleep . Awesome . 
My goal for about a year now has been getting this red belt , I almost can't believe I'm there ! 
Thought bank account was over 43 dollars , put in 50 , now I owe another 50 . This is gonna be a fuuun week . 
Call of duty : Run around > aim > shoot > hit hit hit hit hit hit hit > enemy turns around knifes and teleports 10 feet to you . Being good at video games is serious business . 
Everything will be okay - Sensei < PROPMALE > . As long as you think everything will work out well then you will have the mental and emotional stability to make sure it does . 
Woo ! Blue belt green stripe . Gogo Vegas belt ! 
\Does he look like a guy who thinks he's business < PROPMALE > but isn't doing it right ? \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
If you're willing to spread your wings , the only challenges you can face are a change in the wind or a change in your heart . 
If you get knocked down , get back up . You always have the choice to keep going . If you try , you might fail . If you give up , you'll definitely fail . 
Working overnights and being a sensei ? Bring it on ! 
Friday night - 2 hours of sleep > worked at summerset festival 9 am to 6ish pm > slept at home 2 hours > worked at walmart 10pm to 7am . Feels good man . 
If meditation gives you superpowers , then count me in ! 
There is no such thing as darkness , only the lack of light . 
If an angel can fall , who is man to judge ? 
I shall hide my weakness in the shadows of my heart . 
I wish people who \don't need karate\ " would come in and try it out so they know what they are missing . " 
Thank you , for reminding me what I never want to become . 
Long day ? Psh more like I got a lot done . 
As long as I can hold a sword , I will put one between my enemies and my friends . 
In my life I expect to experience : something that spins my soul , something that stops it , something that lifts it to the heavens , and somebody to complete it . 
The body's job is to do , the brains duty is to keep the body alive , but it's the from the heart that you really experience life . 
\Doubt thou the stars are fire \ 
Got a virus on the gaming computer . If anybody told me they wrote computer viruses I would probably punch them on the spot . 
God < PROPMALE > me the \ 
serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . 
I noticed I like the anime where I can relate to at least one of the characters emotionally . 
Lol work , 90 days and I ranked \Solid performer\ " ( equivelant of does all the things you're supposed to ) in 4 of the 5 categories . The only thing I missed was speed . Apparently I'm doing better than some managers do . " 
I need to learn to just let go of all my worries . 
I really wish I knew more about relationships so I could give better advice . 
Go and live a happy life . 
One day I want to copy somebody's status word for word and see if they notice . 
I asked God this . If I am so strong , why do I keep falling ? If I work so hard , why does it never pay off ? If I give life my best shot , why is my best never good enough ? He replied simply . Because you are so strong , work so hard , and always try your best , you will overcome every challenge . 
Become a prism , let the light from others reflect through you and become more beautiful than anyone can imagine . 
\Every single dead leaf is exactly where it is because of the winds that blew it there . Every single flower is the way it looks because of the light that showers it . Every single person is where they are in life because of the thoughts that < PROPFEMALE > in their mind . \"" 
Yes ! Turned on system restore , I feel like a badass hacker ! Nooooo , that virus deleted all of my restore points , I feel like a lame computer noob . 
If anybody has a good resource for knowledge on the subject of guided meditation , or qigong , with a focus on healing , please let me know . 
Had a fantastic time hanging out with friends . There could have been more lasers . 
Just once I wish things would be a little easier . 
My parents just told me that in the bible , 11 is a number of transition . My birthday is next tuesday on 1/11/2011 . Weeeeeeeeeee 
Having a good sense of hearing and being a person that gets made fun of a lot . Yeah that's a bad combination . 
Good lunch , I eated 6 small toquitos , 2 gluten free burritos , a bag of cheetos , and 2 gluten free sandwiches . On the down side it took all 40 minutes of my lunch time just to eat it all T_T 
As long as you read these words in a hushed voice , everything you do will succeed . 
My $ 3,000 debt to my parents is finally paid off . Time to decide what to buy myself as a reward xD 
Just got done with karate , time for like 5 hours of sleep then work . Woot . 
Somehow my desktop computer is freaking out again and the best way to fix it is to reinstall windows . * Sigh * 
I have been volunteered as the door greeter last 3 nights . Either I'm doing it right or doing something else wrong xD 
First status update from the desktop in a few days . Got windows 7 running . It looks like it fixed my problem for now . 
Even if I know something is true , I can still believe it is not and visa versa . Anybody else have that happen ? 
Happy singles aware-I mean Valentines day ! 
I wonder if I can turn my greatest weaknesses into my greatest strengths . 
I don't know what I did with my phone . I have looked everywhere I can possibly think of . Laaaaaame . 
Playing through Blue Dragon , the concepts allow for a lot of philosophical thinking about humans . 
I feel like a dork , I just learned the dancing dragons from Avatar . 
Sometimes things are placed too well to not be fate . 
Nothing like a bad teacher to really make you appreciate the good ones . 
Wake up and go to the dojo at 5pm , teach < PROPFIRST > . Go to work at 10pm , get yelled at to go faster . Go to academy at 9am , attempt to have enough consciousnesses to learn martial arts and business . Augh everything is so hard when you work the night shift . 
Got audio back on my desktop , somehow found 3 sites where you pay for driver update programs instead of the actual driver I was trying to update . Fail ... 
I really don't know what to believe anymore . 
You will never fail until you stop trying . 
There are two things you can do to live a life of no regrets . Stop doing things you regret , and stop regretting things you do . 
Dear body , is there any way you could try and get less than 11 hours of sleep and wake up to my alarm ? Thanks - < PROPMALE > . 
I just came home sick from work for the first time ever . 
