Reflect or forget , Ups and downs , Smiles and Tears , the closing of a decade , the opening of century . Love it , hate it , respect it , or pity it , 2009 is dead and gone ! And now 2010 is upon us . Hope and Mystery . New Smiles , New tears . I find myself Thanking God for this moment . To all of my friends and Family , May it be blessed and wonderous . May you all realize the full potential God has filled it with . 

I find myself wanting to put 20010 . lol 
Is still wide awake for some damn reason > : ( 
wow I just did a bunch of those quizes , dang those things are addicting 
I think I am going to tackle some laundry today . Good idea too , since I have let it pile up a bit lol . 
Is rocking a new hair cut 
Is happy ' cause < PROPFIRST > just started hid mini vacation 
Is tending to a sick hubby , grrr . Anniversary weekend , we are both on vacation , and he comes down nasty sick . UGH ! 
I went and saw Transformers . GREAT movie BUT BUT BUT the language is TERRIBLE !!! I caution anyone with kids under 11 . One of the robots calls someone a \little p*$$y\ " and other such language up to and including an occasional F-bomb . Don't get me wrong " 
is bored and about to wash the dog because of it . Oh well : ) 
is trying to decide if she really wants to tackle cleaning and rearranging the bedroom .... hmm 
Is spending another lazy day at home , and liking it . Although admittedly it is becoming boring . I may actually have to venture out and join the human race again . 
Had a nice B-day , a Kickin 4th and yet is now SICK AGAIN ! I am so done with this croopy nastiness that has lingered in my house for three weeks ! 
Sounds like < PROPMALE > White . I can NOT shake this crud ! UGH . 
has a girls day out yesterday , and an earache today . blah 
Mom called and woke me up , stranded with a flat . Yeah for roadside assistance ! 
Keeping peace in a war zone , blah 
Jury duty this morning , Blah lol 
Lalala singing in the rain , I'm Singing in the rain ... 
Has decided that our house is haunted and there is nothing we can do about but move out and leave all our stuff . We will just have to move into another place and slowly buy all new stuff , because if we take even one thing from here it might bring ectopla 
Is now officially moving to Pine Tree , and is uber excited about it . 
Is busy packing and sorting . I wasn't joking about getting rid of most of our crap . < PROPFIRST > and I had next to nothing when we first got married . We spent the first several months of our married life sitting on a blanket in the living room watching a TV si 
Is trying to decide if she really wants to tackle a yard sale . 
Is feeling VERY Blessed , Thankful , and excited despite all the work there is to do . The Lord has really come through for us , as he always does . It was His timing and His way but he has put us exactly where we wanted to be . 
I could while away the hours conferin ' with the flowers , Consulting with the Rain , Oh my head I'ld be scratchin while my thoughts were busy hatchin ... ( ever had a song stuck in your head ) lol 
is in the packing frame of mind . It feels very good to get rid of stuff . I am fighting my inner pack rat tooth and nail , I swear it's hoarding things in my sleep , but in the day light hours I am back to saying NO I don't need it , I never touch it , and if I never see it again , I won't ever think of it . 
The Good news is we got the key for the new place today and got a big load of stuff hauled over there ! Yeah !!! The Bad news is our land lord never got the cleaning people over to clean the place out so it is still a nasty mess , and the air conditioner over there suddenly stopped working so we can't actually stay over there until he gets it fixed . Ahh life's little ups and downs . 
Yeeeaaahhhhh !!! the move is .... well almost complete ! Now comes the the unpacking , ugh lol . 
Here's wishing us all Awsuper Terifantaistic first day back to school ! Love you all ! 
Started at Hallmark , wild . 
Wow classes full time is a trip . It has been fun so far but having 5 tests in one week is a < PROPMALE > stressing . lol well I asked for it . 
Wow What am I still doing up ??? 
wow I have a whole day off ... ( happy feeling ) ... I don't know what to do with myself . Well , actually I should probably do the laundry that is threatening to take control of my room and exile me to ther living room . Dang , there goes my happy feeling . * shrugs * Oh well . 
Let it Snow , Let it Snow , Let me Snow ! I'm dreaming of a White Christmas , Just like the ones I've never seen ! t was nice for that whole 
wow finals tomorrow and then I am freeeeeeee .... at least for a few weeks lol . 
Wow , Finals tomorrow and then I am Frreeeeeeeeee ... at lest for a few weeks lol . 
BED , why do I let myself stay up this late :) 
Hi Ho HI HO , it's off to work I go ... at a mall ... full of Holiday shoppers ... shudder 
ugh Being sick is for the birds !!! 
OMG if I see another pic of someone showing off there Snuggieness I am going to stomp off to my corner and cry .... I WANT A SNUGGIE * sniffle * lol 
This croupy stuff just stays with you and stays with you . Well , I think I am going to watch some \How I Met Your Mother\ " snd turn in early tonight . " 
Happy New Year to all my FB Family and Friends !!!! 
I just spent an AWESOME night hanging out w/ my sibs . Game night frolics FTW . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me ...... :) 
Home and ready to Avatar it up . Just got hooked on Avatar : The Last air bender the other day . And before you say it yes I'm a nerd . I am quite happy with myself thank you , so none of your ridicule can touch me . : ) 
Is having a ridiculaously mushy , girly , sweet awww moment . < PROPFIRST > is sick , and snoring but he still has one hand on the belly of the cat sprawled across the pillow next to him who is purring in time with his snores . lol I Love that man .... and the cat . 
beige 
is wide awake and has been since about 7:45 am ... WTF !?!? ( What the Flub ? ) 
Blah , my sleep is so off . Woke up , can't go back to sleep , I think I am going to watch Independance Day . Ooo no I am feeling retro , I think I will watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Hatari ! 
I guess I picked right , got about halfway through Hatai and zonked out . Last thing I remember was the stuff with the bably elephant . LoL LOVE THAT MOVIE ! 
One lovely day of massaging my wonderful friends , thanks for having me . 
wow I am exhausted , inventory at the store today . 
Goodnight my friends 
Well first day of full classes . Game face on . Bring it . 
Lol Kilgore college Longview center is too funny . go to the basement , come back up , go to the baseement , come back up . It would make sence exept that they sent clases to the basement when things everything was fine , but when things were really bad they said ok it's all good come on back up or go home . Too funny 
Woot , we didn't blow away ! Although I am a little disappointed that I don't get to visit the < PROPFEMALE > City . 
So I got my backpack head up the stairs to the 2nd floor , down the hall to room 201 . Walk in and stand there stunned for a half a second . The room was full of nothing but Guys . I slowly back out and ask one the guys heading into the room what class it was . Fire Safty Education . Check my schaedule again . Right room , Wrong Night . My Psych class is Monday night ... wonder if I could switch . 
Listen ... do you smell something ?! 
Locked my keys in the car this morning , morning time 1 coffee 0 
ugh , Time for another round of torture ... I mean classes . Yeah ! 
A little prayer our way would be appreciated , things are a bit rough at the moment . God will get us through but the getting is not always or even often fun . You live and you learn though right : ) 
Yeah Mass Effect 2 all to myself !!!!! WOOT ! 
Woot for Bowling !!! 
Finally ! A worthwhile chain status that doesn't make me want to vomit ! \ Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ?. " 
brutal workout ... nap time lol . 
YEEAHHHH SAINTS !! Good or you !!!!!! And the Dog shock collar/ Doritos comercial as the best lol 
Actual quote from a woman to her very elderly mother while shopping for a new purse in < PROPFEMALE>'s \This bag makes you look hot ! That purse makes you look like an old woman . \ " Ahhh the power of purses . ( p.s. neither bag was THAT cute ) " 
Classes canceled tonight ... I shouldn't be hapy about that but WWWWWOOOOOOTTTTTTT !!!!!!!! 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile . < PROPFIRST > and I have been together for 10 years , we will be married 8 years come June . 
Happy Val-Day : ) 
I feel likr a bucket of poo right now ! Sick Stinks ! 
WHY AM I AWAKE !!!!! This is what being sick does , it screws your sleep up ! 
SmashBurger gets an enthusiastic thumbs up for yummy ! Not so enthusiastic about the price . If you haven't tried them yet I highly recomend them . Just be prepaired to pay a bit more than you would expect for burgers and fries . p.s. the Smashfries are not so hot but the reagular fries are good . 
What is with all the street lights out in Longview right now ? I can't go down any street without there being several lights out . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s People ! 
Would it be horribly unpartiotic of me to wish that < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi has a Massive Stroke . Not a deadly one mind you , I'm not evil , just one that takes her out of politics FOREVER !!! 
WooHoo 8 hour car ride here I come ... did that sound convincing ? Trip yeah , drive booo 
Okay , I would like to say Priceline Hotels for FOR THE WIN . Our Hotel is freaking AMAZING !!! 3 1/2 stars , gorgeous , comfortable room with full kitchen , perfect location , perfect amenities , YUMMY HUGE hot breakfast nook for those on or off a diet !, and the best part : even after tax it's only $43 a night ! I may not come home lol . 
Well Home again Home again ... We had an AMAZING time . Short Vacation BIG rewards ! Really reminds us how much we want to move back for a while . Snuggled with < PROPFIRST > the cutest newbie ever . < PROPFIRST > Smith was fantastic . Relaxed in the Sweet hotel room . Just all in all refreshing trip . Wish it were longer though , we missed some people due to lack of time . 
Blah and then some ... that is all 
Have you ever had to go sock shopping for your dog . I hope this stuff clears up fast , she is really going to not like us untill it does ! 
Cider is feeling better today . She isn't romp and play better by any syretch but her neck isn't oozing and she has finally stopped scratching at it constantly . The vet said we can take the socks off Wed . if her neck has dried up completely so here's hoping . 
Yeah , I finally have a happier dog !. Her neck has cleared up faster than I would have thought possible . It just looks like an area of bad razor burn now , or a normal hot spot . She still wants to scratch at it some but not like before , and the best part is that the spray does not burn anymore apparently because she doesn't yelp and fight us when we spray it on . WOOHOO ! 
Is super excited for two of her friends , they both have managed to find the man of their dreams . Much love to you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > = ) 
\Who Do You Think You Are ? \ " my new obsession . I LOVE THIS SHOW ! " 
Stupid Car ! WORK ALREADY ! 
Grades posted today and once again , By the Grace of God , I have passed with flying colors ! Even managed to pull a B out of my World Lit Class after having bunngled a < PROPMALE > assignment out of sheer carelessness on my part . That keeps my GPA at 3.7 , I can take that lol . Thank the Lord ! 
< PROPFIRST > s Evens is way to young or youthful looking to play Captain America . \ 
List of people I would rather see play the role of Captain America :\ 
1 . < PROPMALE > Cooper\ 
2 . < PROPFIRST > Fox\ 
3 . < PROPFIRST > McPartlin \ 
4 . < PROPFIRST > Dane\ 
5 . < PROPMALE > Duhamel\ 
6 . < PROPMALE > Brolin\ 
7 . < PROPFIRST > O'Donnell\ 
8 . Channing Tatum\ 
9 . < PROPFIRST > Burns\ 
10 . < PROPFIRST > Baldwin\ 
11 . < PROPFIRST > Wahlburg\ 
12 . < PROPMALE > Fehr\ 
13 . < PROPFIRST > Klein\ 
14 . < PROPFIRST > Walker\ 
15 . < PROPMALE > Frasier 
Requesting prayers . I have had a unique situation come up and I am not coping with it well . Actually , I have just had LONG dormant prayers unexpectedly answered and I am more than a little overwhelmed by the implications . NO , I AM NOT PREGNANT ! < PROPFIRST > and I are fine , this is not life or death , just huge . I just need a little guidance and support at the moment as I try to process the \gift\ " I have been given . " 
On a side note , EVERYONE go check out google today , So funny . 
Just had a good day with good food , good music and good people and family . Very satisfying , even if I did blow my diet points to do it ! 
Wow , two solid days of massage . 8:20 to 3:20 nearly nnon-stop . I AM TIERD lol ! I had a great time with those Primary Teachers , they were a fun bunch of sweet ladies : ) 
Well last night was ... what I expected . I made it through and I am thankful for the experiance . 
Memorial Day ! Our thoughts , prayers and deep gratitude and thanks go out to each and every soul , from the present on back to the revolutionary beginings of our great nation , that gave there life in defence of the freedoms we hold so dear ! 
Prayers for my little cousin Caden please . He is only 6 and he is in the hospital for intestinal parisites . It has been a painful and plain horrible ordeal for everyone involved and it is not getting much better . We are all just praying that he is able to stay out of pain because they can not give him ANY pain meds . When the pain does come though , it is sevear . 
Okay , they almost sent Caden home earlier with a new med plan for the parasite he is now fighting , but after the three Docs working his case conferred , they decided to keep him to run more tests because they feel that the parasite alone could not cause the wealth of other symptoms he is displaying . He has a CAT scan this afternoon to check for Twisted Bowels and an upper and lower GI tomorrow to check for IBD . 
Caden is home at last . The last I heard the Docs have decided that all of his problems stem from a combination of the 2 parisites and a previously unknown allergy to milk and soy . Go figure . 
First off CONGRATS < PROPMALE > FOR GRADUATING HIGH SCHOOL !!! I hate to admit this but Hallsville put on the best Graduation tonight that I have ever been to , including my own . It was really well done . I can't say enough about how well put together it was . And on a perfect evening for it too ( not that they could take credit for that part ) 
To borrow a favorite < PROPMALE > quote : \ah gravity thou < PROPMALE > a he < PROPMALE > less b ! +(h ! \"" 
We no longer have our land line . We are using our cell phones from now on . The < PROPFIRST > haven't changed but if you need them ask . And on that note , the day after we go cells only , I bust the screen on mine . So no txting ' till I get it fixed ... I may not surviive it . 
Dear Retail World , \ 
YOU SUCK !!!!! \ 
Just thought you should be made aware of that . You can go back to your evil ways now . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Rain Good ! Windows down on your car while it's Raining ... Not so good 
never questions authority , she annoys authority . More effect , less \ 
effort . 
Prayers please for my mother's boyfirend < PROPFIRST > Melton . He has sevear enphisema and had to be rushed to the hospital this evening and is being placed in ICU . He can't breath on his own at the moment . The Lord is our Shephard ... 
From bad to worse I am afraid . < PROPFIRST > is really not doing well . Things have taken a down hill hill life or death turn . If he doesn't improve by Sunday they are turning off the machines that are helping him breath . Mother is a basket case . Thank you all for the prayers and support . 
Thank you everyone for the continued support and prayers for my mother's boyfiend . At this point it is not a matter of if he doesn't make it but when he doesn't make it . Please pray for the peace , and relief of pain for both him and the family at this point . Again thank you all . 
Ok , < PROPFIRST > passed away tonught . Please pray for his families peace and Mother's comfort . Thanks 
I dream of a world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives disected for the entertainment of the masses . 
Well it is officially June 22 now which means 8 years ago today I married my best friend ! It may sound cheesy ... and it is ... but it is still very very true . I Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
\The question isn't ' what are we going to do 
Please\ 
pray for my Cousin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > is on the way to the emergency room with him . Poor baby may have had a seizure , along with other issues . 
Well , we are incredibly broke , < PROPFIRST > woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning and has just been emo all day ( in his defence he has tried to come out of it ) and now I have to put on a happy face and play the good hostest at my Dad and step mom's 20th anniversary party . UGH , Sunday when did you turn into a Monday ? 
Power went out at around 8:15 . At 8:40 the mall anounced that even though the power was out and probably not going to bixed in time to reopen , all mall store empolyees were still obligated to stay until 9:00 when the regular closing announcement would be made . Power out , no lights , no shopping to be had , no way to do anything because the no lights thing , but we all had to sit there anyway . Stupid people bug me . 
Ok Twilight histeria has hit . The countdown to Eclipse has begun for me lol . I have had my midnight release tivkets for a month now . I am about to leave to head to the theater to stand in line lol . WOOHOO bring on the madness ! ( And the hot werewolves lol ) 
Ok it's official ! ECLIPSE WAS FREAKING AWESOME !!! Man I can't wait ' till Breaking < PROPFEMALE > comes out now ! The first Twilight was just ok , New < PROPFEMALE > wasn't too bad , but Eclipse just BLEW THEM OUT OF THE WATER !!!!! lol and lots of topless werewolves too . 
' s stomach has insisted that she tell the world that eating popcorn , a giant dill pickle , and Reeces Pieces at midnight is REALLY NOT A GOOD IDEA ! ugh 
Would Anyone like to schedule a massage for tomorrow and next week ! I really need to get some massages in . It would be nice to get in 3 maybe 4 tomorrow . Starting early and going until whenever lol . Come on people , you know you want one ! 
Today ( or really yesterday now ) was weird . Went to a cook out at my grandparents , that was good . Went to a movie with my little Bro , that was great . Went to a cook = out at a friends house , that should have been good but , had to leave the cookout almost immediately to go to the ER because of sudden , severe back and chest pain . Spent 6 1/2 hours at Good Shepherd . 
All I remember about the pain med that i got yesterday was that it started with a D . But good googlly mooglly I still feel crappy today . I am still sleepy . It stinks . And , no we still don't know what the heck is wrong with me . UGH . 
Well , went in for an ultrasound today . After several passes with the wand the tech asks \Are you sure you have a gallbladder ? \ " Just what I wanted to hear lol . " 
Well , I just got home from my HydaScan . The rad tech said it was the longest one he ever had to do . We were able to safely say that my gallbladder is definitely not functioning correctly before we ever got to the second part of the test . It usually only takes 1 hour for the die to make your gall bladder look like a lit up light bulb , but after an hour and 45 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > e only looked like a finger smudge on the screen . 
Massage anyone ? I have Wednesday and Thursday open ! I could really use some apps on he books my friends . Bring on the aching backs lol ! 
I just ordered new buisness cards . Maybe I can remember to keep them on me from now on lol . Massages people , make appointments ! Bring it on ! :P 
I can't go into detail about it at the moment ( it's still confedential lol ) but our Prayers have just big answered in a BIG way ! God tells us to have faith and be specific in our prayers , but to above all trust in his will , and he will provide for us . Well I am here to say that it is true . When life hands you more than you can swallow , God gives you what you need to get through ! 
Okay , < PROPFIRST > got to post it first so now I can say it ... < PROPFIRST > got a promotion . He is now the mananger of his store ! He is so excited . And this is truley a God send for us ! < PROPMALE > ya'll for the Cograts : ) 
Well I just got home from the gastroenterologist . He feels that all of my problems , including the limited gallbladder functionality are due to digestive issues . He thinks the pain I have been having are esophageal spasms . He wants me to continue taking my Nexeum until Aug . 3 when I have a scope test of some sort to look into my esophagus and upper stomach to see if all is well . 
WOOHOOO My new buissness cards just came in ! They are SO cute ! 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would do\ 
anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wantsto\ 
grow old with you , always picks you up when you're down , who is yourworld\ 
and someone that you're thankful for , post this to your status , and \ 
give the good men the recognition they deserve ... 
Well I spent the wee morning hours in th ER again . Another GB attack or esophageal spasm or whatever they think it is . They gave me Dilaudid again so I am more than a little out of it today . And please pray for my stepmother\s family because I just found out my step-grandfather has passed away . He was a dear man who will be greatly missed . Man when it rains it pours ! " 
Well it's official now , the gallbladder is coming out . My Doc is talking to the surgeon on Monday to schedule it . I am both relieved and irritated at the same time . But that could be the heavy pain meds I am on at the moment clouding my thought process lol . 
I have my preliminary appointment with the surgeon ( Dr. Waltrip ) Thursday at 12:45 . Guess I will find out more then . woohoo 
What is better than tea from McAlister's ? FREE Tea from McAlister's Yeah ! 
Dear Gallbladder , you have been an unruly and unsatisfactory tenant . Due to damages and stress caused to the property , you are being evicted . You are here by given two weeks notice . As of Thursday Aug . 12th you and all of your drama will be gone ! Thank you , have a nice day . \ 
Ahh A lazy Sunday ! Where have you been all my life ? There is just something so relaxing about getting up and realizing you don't have one cotton picking thing that has to be done that day , including house work and laundry ' cause I did all that yesterday . 
Has been up since 5am , UGH ! Spending the day with a cutie pie though so I guess I can't complain to much . lol 
Not doing so well on my diet this week . Gained back 2lbs . Time to button back down again lol . 
My gallbladder knows I'm on to it . It tried a sneak attack last night . Thank the Lord for STRONG pain pills ! 
Beans and weenies and < PROPMALE > & cheese FTW ! Easiest dinner ever lol . 
Well , wish me luck people I'm off to see the wizard ... and get my gallbladder \ripped out\ " (<PROPFIRST>'s terminology ) lol . " 
Well I am home , and I live . Let's just leave it at that for the moment lol . Surgery went well though . Thanks for all the well wishes and prayers ! 
What is the point of pain meds if they don't work ! I HURT ! and the meds don't touch it . I assume this to shall pass but my life would be infinitely better if it would HURRY UP ! OUCH !! 
Repost family :\ 
from Huz's Cuz : < PROPFEMALE > Pehlke URGENT PRAYER REQUEST !!! < PROPFEMALE > Scott's\ 
22 month old son shot himself in the chest with a < PROPMALE > nailer , went in \ 
his heart . He is now in critical condition & not doing well . Neither\ 
is his Mom . Please pray for this baby & family !! Please copy and \ 
repost , as you would want someone to do it for you . Thanks 
Recovery has been interesting , but smooth . After that first day and all the gas passed out of my abdominal cavity everything has been pretty good . Nothing big to report . My stomach is trying to settle in to a new routine though . That has really been the worst part . To eat or not to eat lol . 
I have a friend who's grandmother is in a coma . Family members have had to fly out California to to decide on taking the poor woman off the respirator . The they must somehow find a way to take her remains back to the Philippines where she was from , to be buried next to her late husband , as per her \Lola's\ " final wishes . We are praying \ 
And the winner for best Testosterone and battery acid fueled movie of the year is ....... EXPENDABLES !!! Right up there with 300 for movie that defines the title \Guy Movie\ " I'm not saying I didn't like it ' cause it was an INCREDIBLE movie ! Just saying \ " violent content\ " doesn't even begin to cover it ! LOL " 
< PROPFIRST>'s Grandmother passed away last night . She was a very sweet lady who always made me feel welcome in that family from the very beginning and I am sad to see her go . Please pray for his Family , his mother in particular is not taking it well . 
Home again , home again jiggady jog . or something like that . We are back in Longview . The services were beautiful , I think < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > would have approved . Thanks for all the prayers and well wishes . We love you all . 
< PROPFIRST > is off to San < PROPFIRST > for 5 days . Part of me is jazzed but most of me just wants to cry . Oh Well , I know he will have fun . He is so excited lol . 
< PROPFIRST > comes home tomorrow !!!! woohoo !! 
Well , here we go , back into the swing of things , all up hill to Christmas lol . 
Have I mentioned I love the cooler weather today . It really just screamed FOOTBALL season for the first time since it all started ! : ) love it love it ! 
Woohoo I just got my new phone !!! 
After a last < PROPFEMALE > change of plans I am finally on my way to my 10 year reunion . Lol we'll see how this goes . 
Well that was ... interesting lol ! 
new bed , new car , new phone , new tv yeah < PROPFIRST > and I will not be celebrating Christmas this year as we will be forced to work straight through to pay this stuff all off lol . I justify our spending spree by saying \we really were in need of it all ( except the tv that is) ! \"" 
You will do fine ! We are all rooting for ya ! knock em dead lil ' cuz ! ( well not dead ... oh you know what I mean ) 
We shall assemble on the Mountain , We shall assemble at the Cross , With humble hearts into His presence , We bring an offering of song , < PROPFEMALE > and Honor and Dominion , Unto the Lamb Unto the < PROPMALE > , Oh Hallelujah Hallelujah , We sing a song of the Redeemed 
Way to go Ranger ! WooHoo ! 
It has been a LONG and Crazy day ! but well worth it ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Allee for the AWESOME photo shoot this morning ! 
You know how I know Hollywood has officially run out of movie ideas ? I just saw a trailer last night for ... Wait for it ... Cowboys & Aliens !...... Yeah I wish I was kidding . Starring < PROPMALE > Ford and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , brought to us by < PROPFIRST > Spielberg and directed by the guy who did Iron Man . 
Just got some news that makes me sick to my stomach to think about . It's not my news to share , so I can't go into details , and it isn't < PROPFIRST > and me . Prey my fb family . Prey that guidance comes to those who need it . 
Beer 
New Yogurt Bar FTW !!!! That place is Legen ... wait for it ... Dary ! Lol 
It is amazing and a little sad how much better your outlook on life can get when you feed your craving monster what it wants . 
Sitting at the Belcher Center w/ < PROPFIRST > waiting for the Nutcracker Ballet to start . He is just SO excited to be here ! Lol 
If con is the opposite of pro , is Congress the opposite of progress ? 
TRON LEGACY FTW !!!! great movie , a must see ! 
Is very grateful beyond measure to the Good Lord for my incredible family ! 
TRON Legacy ! See it ! Love it ! End of Line 
Hope everyone had the most Blessed of Christmas's , and are geared up for a stellar New Year ! 
Okay prayers , ideas and massages are needed people . Due to bad time management , < PROPFIRST > failed both his classes last semester . So we now have to pay for this semseter out of pocket . We have to come up with about $400 before < PROPFIRST > 11th for the half you have to have up front . It bites because if we could just pay them a little till we go our tax refund , we would have been fine . UGH That is 8 90 < PROPFEMALE > . massages . HELP ! 
I'm a few hours late saying it but WOOOHHHOOO my Packers are PLAYOFFS BOUND !!! 
The Pack is Playoff bound ! woot ! 
Got Snow outside , Got a fire in the fireplace , Got my team winning their playoff game ( GO PACKERS ! ) and Got my guy home to cuddle with ! Putting aside my LONG DAY at work doing inventory ( UGH ! ) life is good ! 
WOOOOOT That's my boys ! GO PACKERS ! 
Someone remind me why I don't mind having brothers again ? 
Correction , I think it would be healthier for me if I just disown all male relatives altogether ... :P 
quick someone give me a good reason to procrastinate a little longer on my homework ... 
Wow I hat Walmart . There are 3 lanes open all 6 buggies deep and there are 4 employees at the ( empty ) service desk just standing around chatting 
I feel so misunderstood ... I walked in the house the other night after class to here < PROPFIRST > in the shower . So I quietly shut the door and sneak down the hall . I take great pains to quietly open the door intending to sneak in and grab him through the shower curtain while shouting something ... only to find him looking at me from the shower already expecting it .... 
Well we are on the road . KC bound . Lord we prey for a good , safe trip . Hope everyone else has awesome spring break too . 
Got to < PROPFIRST>'s Dad's house at 1 . We're heeeeeeerrrrrreee 
So we are at a screening of < PROPFIRST > Smith's Red State . Lol not only are there protesters for the movie , but there are protesters protesting the protesters . It's GREAT ! 
OMG GUT WRENCHING ! 
Ok Red State is ... I am not sure if it is amazing or horrible but it definitely messes with your head ! Absolutely gut wrenching movie ! I can't wait for the general public to get to see it ! 
OMG !!! It is SNOWING ! There is absolutely no excuse for this kind of weather in MARCH ! Kansas City you are not making a very good case for yourself if you really want us to move back up here ! 
Found out tonight that we are staying at the same hotel that some of the WWE Smackdown guys are staying at . I talked to Chavo Guerrero at the hotel bar lol . 
So I have been spending day 4 of our vaca in the grips of a stomach virus . Luckily < PROPFIRST > had it last night and not as bad as me . And luckily these things are very short lived . Ugh ! 
Today was SO much better ! I have been weak and tired but not nauseated so good to go . Tomorrow the parade and the museum ! woot 
UGH !!! Now < PROPFIRST > is Throwing up ! This has been a topsy turvy visit to say the least ! 
< PROPFIRST > got the same stomach bug that the rest of us got but he got it worse . He got severely dehydrated so he had to have fluids and phinigrin and some pain meds for the muscle pain in his stomach and back for all the dry-heaving but it wasn't anything serious . He has been resting since and while he is sore and tired , he is ok . 
I think we are going to try to head home Saturday afternoon ... we shall see . 
Well after storms , construction , one speeding ticket and one 15 < PROPFEMALE > . wait for a train we are home . Got in about 40 < PROPFEMALE > ago . This had been an interesting trip to day the least . 
That is supposed to be Diagnostic Clinic . Picked that off the check in list and didn't realize it was wrong ' till after I posted lol 
Banana 
Sucker Punch was not bad ... not great by any stretch , but not bad . I will say that it DRAGGED horribly . 2hrs felt like a lot more to me . 
