River just ordered his first set of Scholastic books at pre-school . 

is seriously looking forward to the future . 
is up late reviewing < PROPFEMALE>'s essay . It is due in the mornining and I want to make sure she is turning in decent work . I am probably setting a bad example by waiting till the last minute to take care if important work . But , at least she'll know I think it is important . 
appreciates the people in her life who make her laugh . 
is enjoying the mellow ghetto breeze . 
Believes anything is possible . 
Is feeling my girl < PROPFIRST > and praying for her family . 
is having some carnitas , tortillas , and beans with chorizo . Thanks GBLA folks for the dinner . 
is free to do what I want , any old time , any old place . I am doing what I love the best- Relaxing .... aaaaah . 
Why oh why oh why oh why oh why did I ever have children ? 
Is surprised today is my anniversary . I actually knew it was but < PROPFIRST > thoroughly convinced me it was on the 5th . He forgot and used a clever snow job to make me think I was crazy , giving him enough time to buy a gift and plan something special . Today was the best because I was genuinely surprised . 
Is watching SpongeBob and eating hamburgers on regular bread . The regular bread has caused River to have a conniption fit . I guess I can turn the channel to CNN while he finishes flopping like a fish under the coffee table . 
Is watching the new < PROPFIRST > Lopez talk show . Que chingon ! 
Darnit . Got to go with the boss to court . Dangit . That means I have to wear a jacket in the morning . This would be cool if i didnt have to put my leisure activity down and go iron . 
is on vacation for the day . 
is Just Chil-laxing . 
I am the team . 
is making chicken soup out of chicken shit for dinner . 
Boy ! DV is a doozie . I didnt know it would be sooo dramatical , sooo serious , and sooo non-stop . 
Men who scratch their ass should not bite their nails . ( FT 2010 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > just bit the dust in a < PROPMALE > way because < PROPFIRST > was trying to play me hard like some fool from the block in a game of 21 . Ima fo sho be black and blue limping around in the morning . 
If you have a sister who is your best friend , has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our sisters 
< PROPFEMALE > has a new joint out ! I have not even heard it and I already like it . 
My family has experienced a great loss . My husband < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > are mourning the loss of their Mother , < PROPFEMALE > Painte . I am sad for my husband because he is weeping for a lifetime of memories and years of unfulfilled dreams that included her . I am sad because I can not help him to stop hurting and crying . I love you Boss . 
All is well with the Fam Bam . < PROPFIRST > is still sad but we are each other's number ones . As long as we have each other , all will continue to be well . 
I love < PROPFIRST > again . 
Truly I say to you , who really is a person that simply cannot be happy for another person's success ; so , rather than be happy they make a point of exposing a flaw in that person ? 
is reflecting on how absolutely great life is sober . I am sad for < PROPFIRST > Haim's mother . After a moment of silence for the addict who still suffers , join me in the Serenity Prayer . 
Why someone going to go steal my poor white Honda ? 
Sheriffs found the car on a dark < PROPFIRST > road in < PROPMALE > . 
I had a good day off and am looking forward to getting on with the week already . 
I hope Friday is kinder to me than Thursday was . 
OOOOh Lawd . 
Can't sleep for seeing my in box at work every time I close my eyes . 
Today I dropped < PROPFIRST > and River off at the < PROPFEMALE > to see How to Train Your Dragon while < PROPMALE > and hit up the mall to buy some Nikes , but we all came together at the end to have dinner and listen to oldies at < PROPFIRST > ny Rockets at the Marketplace . Saturday sure does make up for Monday thru Friday . 
is cool . Just at home waiting for Boss to get back from school . 
I don't know about y'all , but I'm going to get busy relaxing for the weekend . 
is enjoying this moment of clarity . It took 32 years and happened at midnight . 
We're off to see the Wizard of Oz Broadway Play . 
Man I say man . There's nothing like taking a few days off . 
Back home from a nice few day vacation and once again I can't sleep . Maybe I'm just excited about seeing my cubicle family . 
Okay , seriously . Back to work . 
on our way to LA's Natural History Museum because it sounded like a good idea when we were sitting at home in Bakersfield but now the LA traffic has me guessing if we'll make it before it closes . 
I loved my weekend . Museum hoping , < PROPFIRST > Beiber mania during Wango Tango at the Staples Center , best friend reunioun at Starbucks in the hood , an unplanned , half price , midnight check in stay at the Mariott with a continental breakfast and late check out , topped off with a drumfest at < PROPFEMALE > Beach . All on a whim without the headache of having planned it . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND , and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
got a steal of a deal on Priceline . 55 bucks for breakfast for 4 , kids can swim all day in a super warm heated pool , and someone else will clean up their mess . The kids think hotel rooms are the greatest thing . Priceless . 
just left LA Ink chillin wit my girl Kat < PROPMALE > D ( well actually just jocking ) . 
Upset that some dope fiend stole my mileage check and cashed it but even more upset the greedy store owners at < PROPMALE>'s E-Z stop did nothing to check the ID of the person who cashed it . 
is reluctantly staying home this weekend . 
is Cracking up 
I have such a big headache and knot in my stomach . 
just came back from a meeting where we discussed the timely topic of Self Obsession . 
No jager bombs for me . I just had to stew in it till it passed . Well , I did lay down on he curb outside of Coldstone Creamery and let he narcotizing effects of chocolate on chocolate in chocolate release my mind from the bondage of he day . Lawd oh Lawd what I wouldnt give for it to just be yesterday again . 
Closed for introspection and inventory . 
is feeling lucky\ 
to have support , understanding and undeserved kindness from the folks\ 
in my life who think their best interests and my best interests can be\ 
mutually beneficial for each of us and are leading the way to great\ 
successes and achievments as teachers in my life . 
Have you ever felt like a million bucks ? 
twiddle dum ? 
Just watched the new season of < PROPMALE > Dyrdeks\s Fantasy Factory . Manwaist and Drama's face had me ad < PROPFIRST > cracking up . If I didnt have to work in the morning Id take a crack at hittig a few 50/50's out back with the kids . " 
listening to < PROPMALE > Miller's Abracadabra and wondering why it is I know all the lyrics to the song I last heard when I was 9 . 
dinner was grrrrreat . thanks < PROPMALE > bank . no mess to clean up , just toss the paper plates in the trash 
Looking forward to work in the morning . I am going to try to leave early enough to get some coffee from Micky < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Why is it so hard to find a pair of lime green gators ( alligator shoes ) in River's size for his first day of kindergarten so that every knows he is pimping . 
Will it ever again be cool to walk around the streets carrying a ghetto blaster listening to Kidd Frost and Tone Loc tapes on the corner with your crew ? I loved all the summers I spent sitting on the steps of the Sonora . 
Can you use the word Buggawoof in a sentence ? 
loves Kougar Kardashian 
needs help remembering what movie featured a character named Cheddar < PROPMALE > . 
Misses the \firefly\ " at work . " 
This weekend was so chill . No barking from the dog and no smog , but yes , we had bacon this morning . 
We're going to have it crackalacking at 601 in the morning with Cinabooooooon ! 
I love The People'e Court . Judge Millan rocks ! I never get to watch this show . Thanks goodness for midweek days off . 
Got my list & map : Ready to get a big screen TV for real cheap , a minionion chopper for $1 , a mega crayola set for ma'self and one for the kids , a $29 dollar 5 pieceluggage set , and $7 waffle maker . ( < PROPFIRST > said the meat slicer was taking the whole black Friday thing a little too far ) . Now , I gotta go find some cleats to wear just in case I have to stomp some biyatches 
I cant wait to get back to work so I can get away from my kids . 
I'm feeling like something great is on the verge of happening . Everything I dreamed five years ago for myself has become . I think the results of my latest set of five year goals will be rolling in at any moment . I just wonder what wacky ironies will pop up too . 
Just waking up in the morning gotta thank God . 
The most important person at any meeting is the newcomer because we can only keep what we have by giving it away . 
I am going to become a homeowner . I have made up my mind and I have a rough plan . I'm not exactly sure how I will implement the plan , so I'm going to need lots of guidance and direction . It is achievable . My first step , just thinking the thought , has gone well . Credit and Down , and Closing are the next monsters to zapp . Wish me luck . 
What the heck is going on with my refund . It sure is short . There goes what I thought I would have towards a down payment . I know this is a just a barrier put up by the cosmos to keep out those folks who don't reeeaaalllllyy want to buy a home . Im gonna keep it moving and find a way to \rob < PROPFIRST > to pay Paul\ " as my daddy says . " 
Look what has happened to me . I cant explain it myself . Suddenly I'm on top the world . Should've been somebody else . Believe it or not I'm walking on air , I never thought I could be so freeee . 
Cab here yet ? 
