Happy New Year everyone . Thought I would also pass along that < PROPFIRST > did not start his new year off very well . He is okay , but is in the hospital getting IV Fluids for dehydration . Grandma is doing okay . I am on way to stay with her until < PROPFIRST > gets home . 

Life is a circle . . . At birth we are cared for . We are wrapped in warm fuzzy blankets . we are watched with a cautious eye . We are told what to do . In the blink of an eye . . . The roles are changed . Now we are caring for those who cared for us . We wrap them in warm fuzzy blankets . We watch them with a cautious eye . We tell them what to do . If we are lucky life will always be a circle . 
I get to see KISS live in concert at Key Arena next sunday !! 
Going from a full house of 6 down to 3 in a matter of 24 hrs sucks 
I ate too much ...... ugh . It was good though 
Well , even though kids move out you still get calls that the toilet is plugged . Nothing like going to Bellingham at 7pm to unplug a toilet on a Satuday night . Hope every one is having more enjoyment on a Saturday night . 
Just got home from taking my 89 yr old Grandma Christmas shopping . Had so much fun . Yes , she can attempt to take off in her wheel chair . We covered good ground today . My arms hurt from all her bags & packages . Just hope that I will be able to do this again next year . 
IT'S SNOWING !! 
I am bored out of my mind !! Nothing to do except the computer and its getting old . 
Back to work today :( 
Need Cows both brown and whatever , no green please 
Nothing like having a good old fashion slumber party with your Grandma ! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status !! 
It's Sunday , home alone , talked to 2 of my cousins that I have not talked to in a long time , < PROPFIRST > is improving , Grandma is doing good . Grandma called and told me to take a day off so I am cleaning my house while rocking out to KISS . Something that I learned last night , loosing touch with family sucks . Family memories are the best thing to talk about that can put a smile on your face . 
Yeah , our next door neighbor is finally taking down his christmast lights and yard decorations down . And people call me a redneck . 
Yeah !! The Saints Won !! 
Battery dead . Won''t hold a charge . Beautiful day coming up . This sucks . 
my car has been the repair shop for 3 days . When < PROPMALE > & I went to pick it up , of course I had questions . When I asked the questions do yo thing the guy would look at me and answer ? Nope , looked right at < PROPMALE > and answered . It pissed me off that he would not answer ME ! He wouldn't even tell me yesterday how everything was going , he said he would tell my husband . What ? Do I not know anything ? 
What a fun day today at work . Bet no one would ever think someone would say that . 
The worse thing that can happen to a wife is to lose your husband inside Cabela's . A large store like that needs to provide wives with husband traking devices . At least I got an hour of exercise of wondering around searching him out . Had such a fun time Friday & Saturday ! 
At 6:00 pm the sun was out , then 7:00 clouds came in , at 7:20 SNOW , now heavy rain & wind ..... what the heck ? This sucks 
< PROPFEMALE > Haa .... got my motorcycle running , washed and waxed !! Now it just needs to be 10 degrees warmer outside 
had an awesome trip to Seattle with my Daughter today ! Thanks for the fun today Britty ! 
A good day is : Flower beds weeded , house clean , motorcycle up and running and a nice ride all by yourself and I am still alive ...... now I am not going to sell my bike quite yet ................... 
Our actions of the past should not define who we are today . Our actions of today should help to define who we want to become . Learn from mistakes and move on ! 
Just once , can't the weather forecast be right ! So much for trying to mow the lawn today . 
had a awesome day ! Worked 1/2 a day , bought flowers , mowed the lawn , planted flowers , did laundry , took our doggie to the beach and went swimming then went to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > ( just the 2 of us ) and sat in the bar at < PROPMALE>'s and had a good time !! Didn't get home until 9:30 . 
There is one less < PROPFEMALE > in Whatcom County :( 
No more dumb blonde jokes for me ! I did a drastic change today . 
Home dealing with a broken hot water tank while < PROPMALE > is at the Phonix Intl Speedway attending a NASCAR race .......... :( BUT I am determined to fix this myself . < PROPFEMALE > in there kids , will have a hot shower soon :) 
Let it snow , let it snow !! Yeah !! Yes I am crazy . Nothing new to a lot of you . 
As of today I no longer can say I have teenagers . Now I have to say my kids are in their early 20's . Damn , I am feeling old today . :( 
Happiness is .... when your motorcycle fires right up after sitting all winter and your leathers still fit !! Was a great day for ride ..... a little cold but nice . 
Thank god its my Friday today !! 
