Kids today are retarded . 

Another year , another day . Same ol ' crap . 
I hate sneeze while chewing . Whatever sneaks out I find and eat again ! 
Rice , beans , tomatoes , roast beef , water , water , water , and more water = :D :D :D 
I enjoy cleaning cat vomit . Nothing pleases me more than to have a talkative cat just meow meow meow and then unleash her furry on the rug and me not knowing about it till i step into it and drag it all over . \ 
\ 
This is the 2nd time . 
Strange ... It's too early to be this cold . Incoming another bad ( Good ) winter ? 4 or 5 feet of snow to shovel ? Fucking right ! 
The table saw loves cutting my fingers when I make 1/2 inch cuts and then not letting me lightly sand the blood off the wood . \ 
I should just start painting trim/molding for awhile >:( 
Damn you Chinkanese and your fried rice . 
Ate 15 times today ... still hungry . 
wants to put it in 4L and reverse into kids who like to tailgate . 
Miraclewhip or w/e the fuck its called icing is just so damn fucking terrible and all I could get was the large bday bullshit size . 
I am going to ponder up a storm that blows the leaves into your yards . No ? Too bad ! Look out of your windows !! 
Another drag of a day ! 
In order to enjoy/survive life you have to be born stupid so you don't understand/see the truth . 
Point the finger and it will break . All in due time , of course . 
The truth is a sickness so don't catch a cold , you couldn't handle it . 
I noticed that everybody is a monkey . 
Raking and dumping leaves should not have an effect on ones body . Damn you wet colorful leaves !! DAMN YOU !! I also did not appreciate slipping on the acorns ... HATE YOU ACORNS !!! 
The answer is inside of you but to achieve it is to suffer . 
Feeling down ? Punch your nearest clown . 
Everyone has a story but is there ever an ending ? 
You can't be nice or people think you're strange and are up to something . How are we suppose to live ? Yes , yes , there are evil people out there to ruin you but of course those are obstacles and can be overcome together . 
So .... anyone have the scores from the Pats vs Steelers game last night ? \ 
NVM ... just watch ESPN . :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Everyone is a piece of toast . They have a dark side and a light side . 
To be understood takes years but to understand takes minutes . 
Scream and people will hate you . Whisper and people will hate you . Your life is a no win situation . 
Facebook games are pretty damn lame . 
Where are you going ? Take your time . You have a higher < PROPMALE > of killing yourself than the world coming to an end . 
I stand in front of the self register machine at the store wondering why they don't have GREEN < PROPFEMALE > peppers listed in the B tab . 
Life is not as short as you think it is so life live one day at a time and not one hour after another . 
You can hope for many possibilities but it's all a mere fantasy . 
Why must you wear that stupid mask ? 
What we do as humans to amuse ourselves . 
Coffee cakes cannot be beaten . 
I want to vote for a woman who doesn't wear too much make-up . 
To understand life is to understand a cloud . 
Eyes are dry and I feel sluggish . Not suppose to happen ! 
Why must everything be labeled as he . 
If only those who say nothing could have their mind speak for them . 
Why can't people pay attention when driving ? What's so hard ? 
Why must people wait till Thanksgiving to give thanks ? Shouldn't that be a daily thing ? Then there's Christmas ... I sure as hell wont celebrate it when I know a lot of families cannot due current events . \ 
People need to wake up and realize holidays are just another day . 
To reason with someone is like talking to a turkey . 
When some are down the rest are up . When some are angry the rest are happy . \ 
What a roller coaster ride ! 
You can cut yourself and bleed but you can't cut your heart and live . \ 
Ooooooh , deep thoughts , deep thoughts . 
Your wishes come true but it's always gonna backfire . 
Yes , life is not fair . But we can be . 
Don't forget to thank your local toilet today . It's working overtime with your family abusing it . \ 
:( @Toilet 
People will take/buy an anti-depressant for $ 1,000 ' s when a simple conversation with a family member or best friends is free . Also , there is no side effect whatsoever ! 
Sure , you can judge someone , but how about judging yourself first ? 
To be or not to be ... Well .. You definitely don't want to be like everyone else , right ? 
Stop understanding without thinking . 
Look alone at the sky some night , you will realize you're just as bright . \ 
( Or just not as bright ! LOL ) 
If you can't get a valid reply then move on . 
Your enemies are right next to you and you wont know it till it happens . 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . By Monday , December \ 
6th , there should be no human faces on facebook - but an invasion of \ 
memories . ( For the campaign against child violence ) 
Is it wrong to ripp music even though the CD isn't out yet ? Or is it better to sit on my hands and wait it out ? :( :( \ 
so tempting ... 
Facebook , when are you going to show . gif's ? Assholes ! 
Doo Doo Doo 
Who knew that a plumper would make music off the pipes ! 
Think of the little things that matter in life and not the big dumb ones . 
You can think positive about something but it usually comes out negative . \ 
:( 
Take a look around ... Do you understand any of it ? 
Don't beat yourself up , it's not worth inner destruction . 
The walls are closing in sooner then I thought ! 
A minute consist of 60 seconds and yet a microwave minute consist of 80 seconds . 
Don't think you can't do it because that's thinking and not doing . 
Everyday is the same day . 
Come on ... we don't want to see people working , we want to see some trucks ! 
Tomorrow should be better than yesterdays today . 
Women gawk too much . 
It's annoying to wear all this warm clothing then head into a store and you're melting . You can't take the coat or w/e you're wearing off because you don't want to < PROPFEMALE > it . \ 
Life isn't easy . 
Blah Blah Blah 
Feels great to block/ignore people who are hypocrites ! 
Ate 12 tacos ... the 30% bigger ones ... I don't feel sick , just , slow . :D :D :D When I wake up tomorrow I will be trim as a tree still ! :D :D :D 
Nothing is going right for me today . Fuck you , today . I hate you . I want to beat you with a clock . Bitch ... 
You poke I poke We poke 
I'm gonna win . I'm not tired yet ! 
Everyday someone has a problem and the replies they receive are barbaric . Oh , yea , \Just sayin'\ " is overused . Be yourself 
So .... It's come to the point where I could eat a whole box of waffles in one sitting . Meh , 20 minutes total time ? 
sutats a rof etirw ot tahW ... mmmH 
meh 
{: ?? u ????? ? o ???? s s ??? ? u ? sn o ? ? sn ??? p ? no ? 
ghfm hfjhgrhgrmshgfrhsrthrth rthtr nhtrhtr 
Na Na Na NA NA NA NAnaNAnA NanANaNAnANafsnasnananan 
Open your mind and understand the truth . 
Can't wait for this month and year to be over with . Nothing but problems and $$$$$$$ . May 2011 be easier ... 
................................. 
Move along , holiday . I need to get stuff from Lowes ! 
I am eating < PROPFIRST > English muffins , and then off to beat up weights in the basement . After that , I am going to eat allllllll the < PROPFIRST > bagels , then I'm going to pretend I'm eating < PROPFEMALE>'s Purina cat food in front of her till she starts crying . >:} \ 
I'm on a mission ! 
Dum Dum Dum ... 
You might see things clearly but someone else will not . Someone might find it funny but you might not . \ 
There will always be an opposite of you . 
Pancakes . 
Somewhere out there ... There is someone like you ... Everyone has a twin . 
Open your mind before opening your mouth . 
I drive pass the Walmart entrance and see no one crossing . I then continue to slowly drive when out of nowhere , this middle aged woman with her coat hood up over her head is 2 inches from the left side of the front of the truck . I tell her to go so I can turn in to find a parking spot . She gives me the evil eye as if it's my fault even though she wasn't there 50 seconds ago . 
Getting annoyed with my ears getting red every other hour . >:( 
If someone finds a money tree , let me know . I have a perfect spot for it . 
I got your nose ! 
I always catch myself sleeping with one eye open . 
Go away , sheep . Go follow some other Shepard . 
hates the weekends . 
Wha'chu dooooin' ? 
Never think you're better than someone . Chances are , that someone is 10x better than you . 
Undisputed III : Redemption\ 
Gooooood movie . 
Wow . 24 degrees this morning ? It was like a summer day to me . :D 
How is 4 inches of snow a snow storm ? Anything over 8 inches , sure . @_@ 
I don't care for these but Long < PROPFIRST > said he would beat me up if I didn't post . \ 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along =) 
I do this , they do that . I do that , they do this . 
You're the whitest rice out there . Why are you using Ebonics ? 
I don't feel like shaving and don't feel like getting anymore haircuts . Who's with me ?! Let's get hairy !! 
Life sure does love to play tricks on one . 
My feet smell like french fries for some odd reason . : l 
I back up the ab lounge 100% . I can't wait to use it again , today . It feels as if someone is stabbing me in the gut . 
Do you know what I'm thinking ? I know what you're thinking . 
To know one you must be one and to be one you must understand one . 
Meatloaf is _______ 
The turtle ate a tetra -_- Just because the tetra didn't want to move out of her way . 
You're a dummy . \ 
Your fault . \ 
See the damn difference . 
Nom Nom Nom ... Bagels ... Nom Nom Nom ... Yum ... 
And so it continues ... 
There are three tomatoes walking . Mommy tomato , daddy tomato , baby tomato . Baby tomato is lagging behind . Daddy tomato goes to the baby tomato , smashes it , and says , catch up . 
< PROPFEMALE > killed her b/f and posts evidence of it with her taking advantage of the corpse . I figured I'd throw that out there ... 
Thinking is dangerous . 
You can walk and take in things slowly or run and trip over everything . 
svfbghhnnkm jghfdfsaxcvgbghn 
Tearing down wall paper ... Not a fun activity . 
Time to get another < PROPFEMALE > so the other one can stop wrestling other neighborhood cats . 
Now time to make the cats like each other . One male un-neutered and one female neutered ... Joy ! >.> 
Dream a wish and wish a dream . 
Doo doo dooo 
So ... I walked out of Giant and got in the truck . I had my left leg hanging out as I was picking up change and the wind slammed the door onto my leg . I had an angry face all day . : l 
I'm going to pronounce Arkansas as if I was pronouncing Kansas ... 
My nose doesn't stop itching ! 
Glad to see Green Bay win . A team that was nearly headed into bankruptcy winning the Superbowl ? How neat is that ?... Steelers fans ... :P 
It's not pleasant to see a thermometer go into a cats ass ... 
Dum de dum de doo 
Someone can believe in God and yet not believe in Ghost . A person can believe in Ghost but yet not in God . \ 
Make sense ? 
Why is it so hard to find simple scissors .... I just want to trim my goatee ! No .. I have to buy a damn electronic trimmer . >:{ 
Every < PROPMALE > I get ... I ... Twirl the cats tails till they fall asleep then I smack them with it and act as if I didn't do anything wrong ... They stare me down till I confess . :/ 
Mmmmm ... Chinese food . 
Pound Cake ... 
Living on the avenue sure does have its downfalls . Fire trucks ? Ambulances ? They all sound like the gestapo . 
Fooood .... mmmmm ... 
I wouldn't be surprised if we had a blizzard in March . 
Want to get a cat down from a tree ? Show it food . :D :D :D :D 
Think before leaping further into your future which you have no clue what it holds . 
is eating two bags of toasted bagels . DROOOOOOL ! 
English Muffins ? Nom nom nom nom nom 
Snow ? Tomorrow ? 6-10 inches ? Gonna see a lot of bad drivers out tomorrow ... Def . not looking forward to it !! >:O 
Scared to drive in the slush < PROPFIRST > ? That's okay ... That slush < PROPFIRST > belongs to me , anyways . 
What's so hard ? Take 10 minutes out of your day and clean ALL the snow off your vehicle . Can't reach ? Use a fucking ladder . Damn lazy asses . 
Bagels gone ... :/ \ 
Hello , Bananas ! 
Dayum , noodles , carrots , onions , < PROPFEMALE > peppers , and cabbage ... You are my savior . 
? 
Damn it ! Soft cookies are my kryptonite :{ 
I just ate a whole pizza 30 minutes ago and I'm hungry again ... Bring on the bagels !! :D :D :D 
Another up and down drag of a day . 
People are characters but damn ! do they choose to play the wrong part . 
Hmmm ... 
Rice , steak , white beans , squash , half an Italian bread , and pitcher of water ! /drooool 
Japan ? Earthquake ? Tsunami ? What's new ... 
So this lady comes up to me today to ask for money for a Greyhound ticket because her car was died on the day I didn't feel like carrying cash ... Oh the memories of being stranded in the past all rushed in and ruined my day . 
. 
Almonds = win 
Upgrading basement gym , begins . I am sure this will take a few months . : l 
I hope I am not the only one to write a status in the search bar up top . : l 
Why do women intentionally flaunt their tits in a picture ? 
Paint paint paint . Shake your paint brush . No really ... shit likes to drop on the floor . > : l 
Damn , it's hot . 
I'm sitting here eating a whole Italian bread . 
Disgusting but assumptions seem to be spot on . 
I delete people that annoy me , I don't even talk to , or I find hypocritical overtime . If nothing changes , oh well . The less people to deal with the better . 
... 
Cold . Sucks . Now . 
I think I am going to pass out . Finally . 
Everyday seems empty . 
I don't see why people hate the rain . It cleans the air from those who talk with their ass . 
Strips of streak , < PROPFEMALE > pepper , rice , tomato , beans , two toasted bagels , and a gallon of water to drown in . \ 
Fuck yea ! Amirite ? 
We can walk but then there's the talk . We can talk but then there's the walk . We can stare and glare but then there's no where to get that fresh air . 
It sucks not being able to sleep right off the bat for the past two days , now . > : l 
Life is beautiful yet ugly at the same time . 
Accept what's given to you . Appreciate what's there in front of you . Think about why this is happening to you . Open your mind to the things that pass you by and , don't be shy , look up to the sky and ask why . 
People say common sense is not common , yet , having the ability to sense is common . To me it seems people do not care to use their ability to think but rather , be common . 
