im back in ohio . yet things all have changed ... looking for an artist for a small project to work with 

blah ... cant wait to go to xfest sick or not sick im goin ..... 
love love love this song ..... stuck on you my failure : I thought I'd drop you easily But that was not to be You burrowed like a summer tic So you invade my sleep and confuse my dreams Turn my nights to sleepless itch 
Realisant mon espoir ........... 
blllllahhhhh amuck amuck amuck amuck 
AMUCK AMUCK AMUCK AMUCK ..... what movie is that from lol 
My heart beat stumbles and my back bone crumbles ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
gotta love my Cage the elephant !!!!!!!!!! 
How ignorant you gotta be to believe any of this ? You need to slit your wrist , get pissed and go jump off a bridge , hahahahaha love hollywood undead they crack me up 
Come Little Children I'll Take Thee Away , Into A Land Of Enchantment Come Little Children The Time's Come To Play Here In My Garden Of Magic Follow Sweet Children I'll Show Thee The Way Through All The Pain And The Sorrows Weep Not Poor Children For Life Is This Way Murdering Beauty And Passions Hush Now Dear Children It Must Be This Way To Weary Of Life And Deceptions frm my fav . movie and poet . edgar < PROPFIRST > poe 
Wench ! Trollop ! You buck-toothed , mop-riding , firefly from hell ! hahaha 
Wench ! Trollop ! You buc k-toothed , mop-riding , firefly from hell ! ... finally named my kitten lol ... thackery binx 
supper dupper-y excited for tomarrow .... this should be so much fun ... 
my dad is a douche bag . the end 
kills excitement and happiness in a second 
So , theres this boy and the way he laughs makes me smile .. and the way he talks gives me butterflies .. just everything about him makes me smile :) 
all ive done all i can to stand on the steps with my heart in my hand . now im starting to see maybe its got nothing to do with me ...... <3 
blaaah ... lol nuthing to do 
When i think about you , i dont feel so alone .... <3 
yay ... are you here yet ? ... ..... <3 
blah n o-o ne to hold me ..... 
the kiss .. where life as you know it ends ...... <3 it finally makes since 
We're so arrogant , aren't we ? So afraid of age , we do everything we can to prevent it . We don't realize what a privilege it is to grow old with someone . Someone who doesn't drive you to commit murder or doesn't humiliate you beyond repair .........? its sweet 
had an amazing weekend with the boy who kills nazi zombies ... <3 
had an amazing weekend with the boy who kills nazi zombies :) ... paranormal activity , actually good ... creepy but good 
going out with the zombie killer ;) making people jealous will be < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! haha 
you never seize to amaze me and i'll never know how you can always keep me back for more i never know exactly what you have in store first my mouth with the softest kiss and then then my neck with your fingertips yeah your looking at me and licking your lips ... simple eh ? ;) 
yayyy i have a job interview on monday ! i was'nt drooling ... my tongue was sweating ... lol <3 haha .... gonna spend some time with the wonderful natzi zombie killer ! ;) 
had the job interview hope it went well .... went out to eat with my mom and the zombie natzi killers momma ... fun times ;) 
I wuv my zombie natzi killer ! <3 
All Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > has become a night of frolic , where children wear costumes and run amok ! ..... Amok , amok , amok , amok , amok ...... cant wait to spend the weekend with my sexy zombie natzi killer ! .... this halloween will be fun ! 
had a great time with my sexy zombie natzi killer .... have an interview on thurs ! wish me luck ... <3 
Hope guides me . It is what gets me through the day and especially the night . The hope that after you're gone from my sight it will not be the last time I look upon you ....... 
And if you like and if you like some other time I would like to introduce you to the finer thingsIf we survive If we survive , get out alive I'd like to say how beautiful I think you ... ARE !! <3 <3 <3 
making homemade rice crispie's with < PROPMALE > 
Supporting the idea that kissing is learned rather than instinctual is the fact that not all humans kiss . Certain tribes around the world just don’t make out , anthropologists say . While 90 percent of humans actually do kiss , 10 percent have no idea what they’re missing . 
Happy New Years .. better be better this time ! its -13 out here tho thats just too cold . Everyone at home hope you guys had a great holidays so far love you all 
is beautiful , sexy , and intelligent with a good sense of humor . loving , sincere , and trustworthy with an amazing personality . a < PROPFEMALE > has a beautiful smile enchanting eyes and a great figure with a killer ass . she is great in bed and a little kinky . she is everything a man wants in a womankristina is perfection - urban dictonary for < PROPFEMALE > 
To Celebrate Valentines Day Change your picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together . Copy and paste to your profile < PROPFEMALE > . ~ < PROPMALE > and i have been together for five months on the 13th 
A really sweet boy got me pretty flowers that came this morning . They smell really good and are < PROPFEMALE > pretty <3 i have the best < PROPFIRST > ever !! 
T- minus 54 days till i see my love ...... 
T-minus 53 days then ill be happy again :) ill have my <3 back 
you never no love unless you surrender to it ... <3 <3 \fools rush in\ " 51 days ! " 
48 days left :) 
46 dayyys and its sooo much better 
45 dayyyyyys left 
glasses broke ... no contacts ... exhaustedly tired ..... and a a 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper is due and it needs to be typed still .... ahhh i hate mondays .... 44 dayyys leftt .... 
43 dayyys its slowly getting closer right ? :) 
42 days and i can be farrr away with someone who cant be much better than a dream <3 
40 dayyys till my life is amazing :) 
Better than koolaid sweet my buttercup , baby's got a pretty face . I got to have it , it's another bad habit and I hope I'm not here too late ...... <3 
1 week and 6 days till im with someone amazing ........... <3 
Steal some covers share some skin ................. <3 
my bed is calling my name , but its so cold ... i need a sexy blue eye'd boy to hold and rock me to sleep what a wonderful nite that will be :) 
6 days till < PROPMALE > comes home !! yayyyy yayyyy <3 
depressed .... and lonely ... i miss my dog and my bf 
im going to watch my weatherman on tv for a bit :) hehehe life is slowly getting better , gotta stay positive . + i get to see him in a few daysss <3 
hes coming home todayyy !!!!!! <3 im so excited 
in the arms of something amazing <3 
18 dayyys till im outa here .. and somewhere so much better :) 
getting my plane ticket ... :D im excited doing laundry and getting ready to write that dumb paper ive been putting off .. 17 dayyys <3 Arizona here i come !! 
going to fashion bug to model clothes :) 13 dayyys left <3 
watched the boondock saints II amaaaazing lol ... now another movie about beer and hell lol 
one and a half days left !!!!!!! :D 
tomarrow people yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay :) 
in < PROPFEMALE > las vegas with my lovvveee <3 
In vegas club with my love n his dad .... Lots of funnn 
Going bacckkk !!!!! Yay thank goodness life has been so wonderful.im offically happy and content 
back in flagstaff :) with my boy 
In new mexico heading home ... Next oklahoma city ! Enjoyin the sites today 
back to ohio ... sitting with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... :) 
went swimming today , had some fun now waiting for < PROPMALE > to finish a couple rented movies 
Watching < PROPMALE > play his new game long day at my moms 
Got a pretty lil promise ring yesterday 
Birthday fun tomarrow 
going out to eat for marcs early birthday ... hes leaving on monday :( for 5 weeks gahhh so im gonna need some friends to lift me up :) 
one week down 5 more to go then i get my man back yayy ~ 
\Your kiss is like whiskeyIt gets me drunkAnd I wake up in the morning with the taste of your tongue\ " <3 love it !! and the song " 
watching shes out of my league ... love it really cute :) 
' we < PROPMALE > that which runs from us ' 
16 days to get everything together wow ... finally time is going faster ... going to have a going away party and everyone and anyone is invited :) im wanting to say goodbye since we have to be in flag before the 8th so not a lot of time to say bye :) im so ready to get out of here and start a fresh new life - 
My body is aching , there's no turning back So take your eyes off the trigger I'm not to blame if your world turns to black As your eyes start to blister There's just no hope for our final embrace ...... im addicted to this song ... 
The rest of me is home .... now it's time to get things done to leave 
is in ok ! city going to see the memorial ... prettty excited .... getting a car on monday and moving in . :) sooo excited !! 
in new mexico .... yayyy going to the casino and then to az in the morning :) 
at the apartment ... waiting for < PROPMALE > to wake up ... :) got my phone back ! 
blahhh im bored and hes gone the cats are going crazy on top of it all 
was in a car accident yesterday ... coming out of my college on the first day ... got t boned and hit on the other side the surburban took a nasty hit 
Past week sucked got fired started school tottled the suburban in literally a week 
When is life going to get better ??? I'm so sick of this bad luck 
Life is slowly getting better again I hope gotta be thinking forward , and not be sad 
It's going to be a good day :) 
It's been one year since we met . Had a great day b4 aniversery 
You bring me out , show me light , \ 
\ 
I'm sorry if I hide , I'm too afraid to look inside . \ 
You < PROPFEMALE > truth , and make me smile , \ 
If there were you and me tonight , \ 
I would tame the stars and save the brightest one for you 
Tanning then beading class thennn homework haha 
got paper done now off to class i hope this paper was good enough ... 
Watching family guy with my <3 needed some peace and quiet with no stress for the weekend 
< PROPMALE > just farted on Binxx's head geeze 
found a really nice futon frame outside near the trash yayy < PROPFEMALE > lol now waiting for < PROPMALE > to wake up :) 
\The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space . \ " \ 
Storming like crazy outside ... Got great news today let this be the beginning of good times , not stressful annoyance 
tornado's in flagstaff ??? how weird thought i was in Arizona not Ohio 
listening to automatic loveletter <3 makes me cry 
Blahh bored at home , watching \ 
< PROPMALE > play games ..... in the mood for ice-cream :) 
Interview tomorrow yayy 
Have an interview today wish me luck 
She's been running through my dreams and it's driving me crazy it seems I'm going to ask her to marry me ...... best song ever remembering Sunday by all time low 
got the puppy today , really exciting things are coming together :) 
I have a hatred towards bad dryers 
Sick really sucks 
Still sick gah might have to call the dr 
so i love snow lol reminds me of home :) starting to feel better had a great day with a great guy and our kids(our animals ) haha starting to work on Christmas cards ... anyone want one ???? ;) back to school to get some stuff done 
is in an amazingly great mood .... i kinda want to play in the snow ;) 
im making my first turkey ahhh scary it looks and smells good tho :) happy thanksgiving everyone 
Chinese food & being with < PROPMALE > and playing with Zoë , what a good day :) 
doing homework gahh 
Join the fight against Child Abuse ! Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood ... The goal is to not see a human face on Facebook till Monday Dec . 6th . Copy and paste this to your status to invite friends to do the same ! 
first final tomarrow gahhh western civ i will defeat you 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... especially everyone at home miss you and love you guys ~ 
Making Christmas Cookies lol p . nut butter ones ... yayyy lol good christmas so far love you all and miss you .. its hard being away but on the other side its nice spending time with my loves and my little family <3 
Its a winter wonderland ... well a white out 
So much snow !!! 
off to an interview looks like a good one :) 
: You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : copy and paste into your own status so I may reply in turn . 
I swear sometimes im living in the twilight zone :) 
In Texas heading to Arkansas wish us luck we make it to Tennessee tonight .... Home by tomorrow 
sitting here with < PROPMALE > .. i hope things get better soon ... tierd of the stress and drama 
so , we are back in ohio , since az wasnt cutting it for the ... moment + i missed family and friends 
Ready to get things done and better :) 
I am so tierd of people getting into my life and forcing their \ ideas and ways\ " I am ready to move on and tell them to go away and leave me the f #ck alone !! " 
I'll be your blonde tonight \ 
If thats what you like \ 
Stilettos and fishnets \ 
I'll be your hot mess \ 
School girl in curls \ 
Whatever your type \ 
Baby if thats what you like <3 
Trying to get things on the up in up :) 
at work blaaaa 
Other then useless drama today .... Today was a great day 
Halfway to crazy not far from sane . F @cking sick and tired of your games ... All I ever wanted . Was you to take care of me .... Love this song made me cry 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ........ 
fixing zoes sock monkey since she de stuffed her favorite toy gahhh .. puppies 
Wish I could change life with a remote ..... 
rain :)) i love rain how weird is that ... and fyi < PROPMALE > is an odd little boy hahaha 
Pool sounds nice need to de- stress asap !!! 
