Happy new years ! 

Root canels are srs business . 
Random employee trips over Emberstorm server cluster , repairs on the cardboard casing being repaired asap 
Sittin ' on mah chair frowning at mah drawing pad ! 
If yesterday was two days ago tomorrow , will the day after tomorrow be today or yesterday ? 
Freshly cleaned sheets are awesome . 
Feelin ' kinda down , but has some happy powermetal on and will hopefully be able to talk to someone amazing today so woo . :D 
* Hugs * for all his friends . 
Enjoying a glass of cold milk and 2 home made chocolate chip cookies ! :D 
Woke up really early and can't go back to sleep ! 
Someone got me to listen to 2 great Classical peices and now I can't stop listening to them T.T 
You wanna hurt me ? Go right ahead if it makes you feel any better . I'm \ 
an easy target . Yeah , you're right , I talk too much . I also listen too \ 
much . I could be a cold-hearted cynic like you .. but I don't like to \ 
hurt people's feelings . Well , you think what you want about me ; I'm not \ 
changing . I like .. I like me . My girlfriend likes me . My friends like me . \ 
' Cause I'm the real article . What you see is what you get . 
Had an awesome dream last night where I was with someone very special watching the stars under a full < PROPFEMALE > . Then I had to wake up :'( 
Is now addicted to burning incense . 
Hot shower , Classical music , Incense , win ! 
Treat others how you would like to be treated , worry not of what you will get in return . 
YOUR MOTHER WAS A HAMSTER , AND YOUR FATHER SMELLS OF ELDERBERRIES ! 
Wouldn't it be strange if a baud man walked up to you smiling with a huge grin asking you if you can rub his head ? I really gotta stop with the random thoughts ! 
So for now , wave goodbye , and leave your hands held high , hear this song of courage long into the night , and the wind will bear my cry for all who hope to fly , hear this song of courage ride into the night . 
Top Ramen , the Breakfast/Snack/Lunch/Dinner of champions ! 
Maybe starting back on 25 lb bicep curls after not working out in a while wasn't the best idea . -_- 
Had an amazing night yesterday and a great day today ! :D 
Spent all night talking with my amazing girlfriend , and going to see a great concert today I am feeling great ! :D 
I don't think it's ever been over 110 out here before ! XD 
Wishes it was December already . 
Just realized that chef's must hold some kind of amazing power if they wear a hat that looks similar to a nuclear detonation cloud . 
Blizzcon 2010 was amazing ! 
Change your pofile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To notsee a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join thefight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same ! 
3 days . :D 
Everything is going great in Florida , sorry to all of those I did not get to wish a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to how all is well with everyone . :D 
Had an AMAZING time in Florida with my beautiful angel and her family . :) 
Passed his written drivers test ! 
Had a great time with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and my brother Zach at a BBQ that was hosted today ! Also spent some time beforehand playing some MTG at Geeks . 
Traveled to the dreaded Starbucks last night * shivers * Then went to see Tron with my brother and cousin afterwords ! 
Just finished watching The Notebook with my girlfriend . Wow that movie is powerful . :'| 
* Drunken male dwarf to sober woman dwarf * \So .. hehe what are you doin ' tonight ? \ " \ " Sleeping ..... alone ...... with a knife under my pillow\ " \ " Hot \"" 
Just completed Dragon Age 2 , EPIC game . :D 
Can't wait for Wrestlemainia tomorrow , ROCK IS BACK and on top of that he's going to beat Cena to the ground ! 
