took a cpr class today . Now certified to save lives . 

I never know what to put on these things ... probably why i dont write them . 
Only a life lived for others is a life worth while . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
.... i really need to start waking up when my alarm goes off , or im never gonna get anything done . 
District 9 is a great movie . I recommend . 
Japanese is pretty cool . Even though i've had one class . 
Er ... im so confused . ah well , guess thats the way it is . 
IN class . SHould probably be concentrating , rather than doin this . Lol 
Ah , a class i can use a computer in , finally . Should still probably be concentrating on the class , eh ? 
so many classes . Why does it seem like im the only one who has to go to class 5 days a week ? lol . 
I can now officially count to 100 in japanese . Watch me do it ! ichi , ni , san , shi , roku ... 
Ah , friday . Myt second favorite day of the week . 
Ah , a three day weekend to relax , watch movies , and eat way too much . Good times . 
Ah , the weekend , time to relax and do nothing for 2 days . 
Argh , class is boring . 
I still havent figured out what i like better , and I dont think i ever will . 
I have nothing to say . 
DOne with all my work , completely , for this week .. TIme get out of here ! 
Officially Done for the Week . Got nothing to do , so I'm gonna do that . 
Waiting for my classes ... I am starting to dislike the gap in my day . 
Im making the same mistakes I've always made , im just doin ' em better this time around . 
Arg . Bad day today . Bus was REALLY late , and i have homework due . Maybe Mondays just arent my days . 
OK , new plan . If going to NOT sleep , make sure to have Sugar and Caffeine on hand for all classes . 
TOday was good . Random UFC fights in my house , and Machida doesnt deserve the win . 
Well , tonight im watching paranormal activity apparently . Should be fun , no ? 
I wonder if bad profile pictures are normal ... 
you are made of sugar , milk and molasses . so little darlin will attract all the bees . YOu are the gazer , you are the attraction , it takes a little vanity to know what it means . 
PORK !!! ITS THE MEAT OF KINGS !!! 
Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up then down & Magic circleswill appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! \ and guess what ? It does ! " 
Well , i just looked at my wall today ... And apparently my life consists of running several restaurants , farming , and facebook updates . 
Well , updates . Hmm ... Im in a band , i had a good time tonight , finals are next week ( and i havent studied yet ) , and in generl im having a good time . Hoping to continue it straight into the holiday season and right on through till next year . 
ah ... its all over . finals are done , and i think i did well enough to get through another semester . 
Good News : I passed all my classes , which is the most amazing thing ever . Bad News : I have the worst cold i have ever had in my entire life . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Today is a good day . 
Ah , Im tired . Long day today , not a lot of sleep . I'm looking forward to school starting again , anyone else ? Or is that just me ? 
Bus to school : Leaves at 6:10 . Gets me here at 6:38 . Class starts at 7:30 . Luckily , i have my computer . 
Lightning and thunder from the sky . Pretty close from what i can tell . Hoping that the house aint too tall . 
I learned today that i can be childish , selfish , and a bit of an ass . And that i dont really give a damn when i do it sometimes . ah well , good day nonetheless . lol . 
Today is a fine day for a picnic , no ? 
today was good , tomorrow should be too , and for all i know , the next day too . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and your first entry for your name under comments . 
today was a good day . Not too much work , lots of fun , a little awkwardness , and a $10 suit . All in all , a win for me . 
ARGH . so much food today . I think im gonna explode . 
I'll go with wills idea . I give props to my good friend , who decided to make flashcards to study for japanese . Thank you if you know who you are . Also , thanks to < PROPFIRST > , for talking to me about all the crap that happens . yay ! 
My my , what an interesting set of days . I've had worse by far , but still , a few odd things happened this week . Also , < PROPFIRST > s day with no < PROPFIRST > again . Im destined for it it seems . 
Sushi Cuisine twice in one weekend . Awesomeness wrapped in Delicious . 
I'm only half way thru the day and im already tired of it . Hip Hip Hooray for stupid crap . 
Hmmm . Today was a good day for a me . I guess that maybe it's the best Monday I've had in a while . Hope Tuesdays as good , and the rest of the week is better . 
Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you won't copy & paste this text to their Facebook profile status , will you ? I DID , for those I love . Proud to be part of the 8% 
Happy 15th everybody . DOnt know why its happy , but it is a monday . 
I am also on facebook 
ah .... a nice sunrise to go with a good day , i hope . Its gonna be a long one . 
Today was a good slow day , the kind of day I really like to have . Now if only everyone could just slow down a bit . 
something makes me thing class is gonna be tough tomorrow . a lack of sleep may have something to do with it . 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday . You guys are awesome . 
Ah , today was a good day . Everything went pretty well , especially considering it was my birthday . Thanks to all the people who wished me a good one . 
Pay it Forward for creative people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010 . 
Its over . Im finished . No more tests , or homework till next semester . Its a good day today . 
Back from a week on vacation . Love the mountains , saw some snow , and had no internet for a week . Fun times . 
Well , it's not looking very good next semester . My dad flipped out about not passing biology . So , no band , no anime club , no nothing except for school . My social life is officially nil . 
ah , 2:22 . one of my favorite times of the morning . Ya know , it's times like this one when you can really , REALLY let loose . 
I have blisters on my thumbs from using an auger . Today was a loooooong day . 
Interviewed at KFC today . Feelin confident about it , heard a good review from my interviewer 
Well boys and girls , final ultimatum : Find something by monday , or find some suitcases . I'm pretty sure that im screwed at this point everyone . Wish me luck . 
Does anyone have a place to stay for a while ? Im going fucking crazy in my house , i cant take my dad anymore . 
well , im pretty sick right now . Doc says its asthma . I've been coughing a lot , and its been getting pretty bad lately . I dont know if im gonna be able to do much the next coupla days . this sucks . 
well , dad doesnt take me having a bad day well , as expected . Not being able to breathe properly is not an excuse . 
Well . I'm not going to the UC next semester . I don't know why , and I don't care to ask . I'm just gonna go with it for now . 
This was a good weekend . I ate several pounds of cake , and we taped a piccolo < PROPMALE > to a hotwheels . Not to mention the guys driving around town firing illegal fireworks in the street so as to not get caught by the cops . 
yaa tsi tsup ari dik ari dull an dik ari dill an dits tan dool\ 
la dippyduppy dull la roop uttyroopy la ? goorigan gook aya gittygangool\ 
arup cha cha adippydappydill la baritztandill < PROPFEMALE > den < PROPFEMALE > doe\ 
a barik kata barip pari baribadeebadeebadee standen < PROPFEMALE > doe\ 
ya baril las ten < PROPFEMALE > day a doe la babadeadevadevadevaduv ya vou\ 
what is that little las day < PROPFEMALE > doe badakadagadaga doo doo day a doe 
I decided to look through my coin collection today . I have got to take some pictures of all the cool stuff I have . It's just not enough to say that these are some awesome pieces . 
I like my women like i lie my coffee . In a plastic cup . 
Well , i've been reading my bar-tending guide , and was a little sad that i would have to buy a shaker . Today , I found a bar-tending < PROPFEMALE > in my house . Imma try it out tomorrow , if i get the < PROPMALE > . 
The ingredients in a Gin and Tonic are gin and tonic . Who knew ? 
Hey Everybody out there . I'd like to ask you all for a little time . My dear friend has 6 wonderful kittens and a Momma cat she desperately needs to give homes to . Unfortunately , due to her lease , she's not allowed to have the cats . Because of this , She would like to have someone adopt them . If you want a kitten , and have the time to take care of it , Let me know , I'll give you the info . 
So a couple things . First week of school was nice , not too bad , but some tough classes coming up . Secondly , I found my dice , which is awesome . And finally , i recently came into possession of a snail . He be Slippy , and I think we will soon be the best of friends . Or at least I'll be keeping him for a while . 
Hey everybody , i've got an announcement . Over the next couple days , im getting a new number it seems , which means i'll probably need everyone elses < PROPFIRST > again . Just go ahead an message me with it , and i'll have it . thanks . 
\They roam freely through the doughnut\ " \ 
likes pansies and penis shaped strawberry lollies . xD 
Put this as your status if you know , or are related to someone killedon the\ 
Death < PROPFEMALE > when it was obliterated by the Rebel terrorists . TheEmpire \ 
brings Unity , but the Rebel terrorists continue to < PROPMALE > division and \ 
hatred . 265,675 Imperial citizens died in the terrorist ... attack against\ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . 93% of people won't repost this . 
So , I was looking at cards today . Magic cards . And I come across a nifty little card called the Blightsteel Colossus . Its Amazing . Because 11/11 . Infect . Trample . And , of course , Indestructible . 
So ur with ur < PROPFEMALE > and yur making out < PROPFEMALE > the phone rigns . U anser it n the vioce is “wut r u doing wit my daughter ? ” U tell ur girl n she say “my dad is ded” . THEN WHO WAS PHONE ? \ 
\ 
Ah internet . A true question . Then who was phone indeed . 
So , yesterday a house on my street caught fire , the garage is all burned out . Today , in the paper , i find out the were growing pot in the garage . Which may or may not explain why i felt so good that day . Lol . 
Learning the guitar from the ground up makes my finger hurt . In a good way . 
damn . I really wish i could sing . At least then i could be a busker . lol . make a little money on the side . 
goodnight facebook . Im going to sleep at midnight again . Oh well . 
Im more than a bird , more than a plane ... Im a Birdplane . 
So , this is the second time I've attempted to do an interview at KFC . And this is the second time they have decided not to do interviews . Hopefully , Third times the charm . 
Today , I am : Applying to volunteer at the hospital , Looking for work at the < PROPMALE > College , Bumming around town looking for work , Eating unhealthy fast food from somewhere cheap , and then going shopping , if there is still time . Not a lot to do , but its good to write it out , and make plans . 
Did everything on my list already . Now to surf the internet looking for more work . Also , time for a little relaxing after the food hurricane in my kitchen . 
Soda replacement #1 : < PROPFEMALE > D . Unleash the power of the Sun . \ 
... I think im going to miss soda . 
Red pepper . Garlic powder . Instant < PROPMALE > . Real cheese . Whaddya got ? Nacho Cheese < PROPMALE > . 
I have started reading Shaman < PROPMALE > . I like the main character . Reminds me of a young me . Mellowed out , chillin , but he fights for his friends , and a way of life he believes in . I think im gonna like this manga . 
So , i was on the internet today , and i was reading about Dungeons and Dragons 4th edition . I read this in a forum :\ 
\An at-will is like < PROPFIRST > Hood shooting a guy with an arrow . He's < PROPFIRST > Hood 
You and I end up in a police car together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think !! 
Dungeons : The Dragoning : 40,000 7th edition . \ 
this exists , and I have it's core book . Score ! 
