cheeze is good 

having trouble sleeping ... again i need to get help with this , i cant sleep even after tylonol pm !!! i am fed up !!! 
after a night of almost no sleep im tired one more night of this and im gona hurt myself 
ok on my last coment ive already freaked out < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , i want u all to know i was kidding about hurting myself but not kidding about being fed up about not being able to sleep . 
i leave back for california this monday ! :( 
welcome back to all my friends 
i cant wait < PROPFIRST>'s 1st b day is sat . my neice and nefew are so cute 
i just got done with my grad rehersal ... and including my ri grades which sucked something bad , im graduating with honors ... 3.0 to a 3.49 im so exited 
me and my dad made a superbowl bet as usual ... i lost ... dam you colts ! any way im going to have to wear a certian shirt to the first car show of the season :( ill add a pic of the shirt now 
loves Dj < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > remixes ... they are awsomelook them up on youtube ... slap chop rap , aots remix , 2009 that really happened remix 
todays the day i have to wear the shirt ... :( to see pics after today check out http://www.highdesertcruisers.com/ to see a pic of the shirt cheack out my photos ... kill me now !!!!!!!!!!!! 
hey guys the pics of me at the car show are online at highdesertcruisers.com 
has discoverd the joys of coffee 
for those who dont know i will be taking a trip to RI may 12th and flying back on june 6th 
well guys the day is drawing near i fly out on the 12th of may so 6 more days and i will be in rhode island !!! sorry guys but i know you all cant meet me at the airport cause i fly into boston , but hey its a shorter flight ! 
im flying out to ri on wendsday the partys must start thursday morning !!!! AND NEVER STOP !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well open registration is now going on for the college i wanted to go to , but getting in is like breaking into a bank with all the budget cuts !!! NO OPEN CLASSES WHATSOEVER all taken by the pre registration students ( students re-enrolling ) kill me now 
i fly out tomorrow and i know you all cant wait ... linda no coment ! lol anyhoo yeah !!!! 
is in ri and bout to go to sleep i will see you guys tomorrow 
HELP ME !!!! dr. h . is growing on me !!!! NOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! ive got three songs on my ipod , my eyes , brand new day , and a song that combines the bad horse songs ! HELP ME NOW !!!!!!!!!!! 
is pretty close to a decision as to were to go to college 
is going to go to ccri cause i cant get into school in ca 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I am _______ I love _______ and I can't stand ______ . 
look out for the new hit tc show clalled KIDNAPPED staring the stephenson brothers ! this week on kidnapped < PROPFEMALE > doesnt know what hit her as the stephenson brothers enlist her own family ! stay tuned until next time 
sleep apnea sucks this was said as im up at 3 am up again at 3 am , just as i was up at 1:30 and last night every hour on the hour :( kill me cause once more this is a very long night .... 
im thinking weve got to get together and do something fun , bowling mabey ??? who all whould be interested ? 
Made < PROPFIRST > do a fist bump !!!! 
at 4:15 i gave up on any good sleep after having EVERY possible combination of nightmare know to man kind , its going to be a long day ... 
has just blocked farmville , sorry guys but i dont care if uve found an egg ! good for you but i just made scabled eggs in real life so ive heard enough about eggs ! 
if you have multiple personalitys and shoot yourself , is it suicide or homicide ??? 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > at hopes graduation party after god how many years 
< PROPFIRST > was watching leverage season 2 on dvd and saw the name of the bloopers ... it was called the hand job , i died laughing the funeral will be tomorrow 
LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAKERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Found his long lost cell phone at < PROPFEMALE>'s 
umm yeah this is my status ... not much too it ... oh yeah and im bored .... woooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!! 
doctors is done guess what everyone im normal ... well kinda ... normal in the health kind of way , otherwise im a strange little goofball 
draining pool :( dam you < PROPFEMALE > even surface !!!!!!!!!! i only got to swim in you for 1 day !!!!!!!!! 
any 1 who knows jens pool imagin it empty of water a little bigger sides extramly heavy trying to be picked up and 1 side caving out ( cause its a fabric type material ) and having every1 else set it down while the wind sweeps it onto my neck ... ouch to say the least ... 
just found out its too exencive to ship my beloved mustang to the east coast for college ... :( any one on the west coast wanna buy a mustang ? 
you whats worse than getting a flat ? having to change it in 95 degree weather , you whats worse than changing it in 95 degree weather ? finding out the spare is flat only after you put it on and lower it ! thank you uncle < PROPMALE > for helping me !!!!!! 
is getting ready to go swimming ... again :) :) :) 
facebook is really lagging for me im getting stuff i did 4 hours ago just now pop up , and stuff others did yesterday are just now coming up for me ... this sucks 
lets see , had the begining of a preductive weekend , driving classic cars , working on classic cars , cruising in classic cars , talking and looking at classic cars . and tomorrow is more of the same !!! 
lets see 6:30 getting ready to hook up with uncle < PROPMALE > and go work on my maverick before it reaches the hundreds today its gonna be 104 today :( at least it will be a fun day with uncle < PROPMALE > 
could not get my car put back togeather for this car show ... :( 
wow the first ear acke i can ever remember , god i hate the pressure in my ear , and < PROPFEMALE > that stuff did no good ! 
went to doctor and got 2 shots in the but , 2 bottles of horse pills , and 2 types of ear drobs 
hey guys sorry for the spam of the 21 questions i just fiqured out how to not post it , sorry bout that ! 
car idea 1 http://boston.craigslist.org/nwb/cto/1856814734.html 
:| the ear stopped hurting long enough for me to realise .... its too dam hot to get any sleep ... 
oh my god i can hear again ! this is awsome ! pain is still here but hey i can hear !!!!! 
my car is all put back togeather , and has been to 2 cruises ! thank you thank you thank you uncle < PROPMALE > 
just got back from pulling up my grampas carpet at his house , let me tell u he let 6 dogs poop and pee inside everywhere ! time for a burning hot shower , i dont care that its 100 degrees ! 
cant wait for friday and saturday , car club meeting , cruise in , and car show . yey for classics ! 
i would just like to say ... dam u < PROPFIRST > u have got me hooked into runescape again ! 
car show day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! highlight of any week !!!! 
i would like to wish < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > a safe ride home and a fun new friend of super chicken !!!! lmao hope u guys made it home safe 
is wrong of my half wanting for no one to buy my mustang ? i loe that car and dont want to see it go ! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ! 1 ) crazy 2 ) \ 
talkative 3)sarcastic 4 ) lovable 5 ) sexy 6 ) strong 7 ) spoiled 8 ) wild 9)\ 
goofy 10 ) funny 11 ) awsome 12)cute 13 ) I want you 
ok im sooo bored can it be tuesday yet ??? 
might have found a buyer for my mustang , its a highschool kid who 2 of his friends have early 90s mustangs with 5.0 s and one of his friends dad works on cars so itll be taken care of ( i think)(i hope ) 
bored out of my mind !!!!!!!!!! can it be tuesday yet ???!!!!! like seriously ive got nothing planned until tuesday !!!! 
8:45 in the morning dad , < PROPFEMALE > , and me came flying out of the house at a full run making a mad dash to our cars . pulled out is a single line ( truck mustang then lincon ) pulled across the street to the park only to findout none of us are wearing shoes and im not wearing glasses ! what was the rush ? street cleaning day . our neighbor knocked on our door the keep us from getting 3 tickets !!!! we got sooo lucky !!!! 
just got pulled over by a cop for the first time !!!! luckly he was nice and ive still got my perfect record 
its saturday wich means its amost tuesday !!! lol 
i think its close 
getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > to come out to CA ! 
is sooo f-ing pissed right now ! not feeling good and just got into a fight with someone ! not having a good day at all !!!!!!!!!! 
finishing packing all of my possesions to move back to ri ... bitter sweet is all i can say ... :( 
im back in RI peaple did u miss me ??!! 
well im back from the freshman orientation and ive won $50 off of my books at the ccri bookstore 
saw vampires suck and it was an awsome movie ! funny as hell even though ive never seen twilight i still like laughing at it !!!! 
i got a car i got a car !!!!!!!! 
just found out my mom has AAA this day got a little better with putting the car in her name and getting new plates 
first rain fall of huricane < PROPMALE > has hit us ! we should get some of the middle of the storm , but the eye should miss us ! 
got a new phone ! 
first class at ccri starts in 20 min ... why must photography be an 8am class ?! 
classes today : public speaking , intro to buisness , and college wrighting 
found the first class i hate ! Intro to buisness ! the idiot teacher read WORD FOR WORD FROM THE BOOK ! then when someone had a question he said the exact thing the exact same way ! if she dint understand it the first time why repeat it the same way ?! idiot teacher ! 
trying to work on my first paper for college , due friday ... and now i have mental block ! \ 
NOT FUN ! 
how can my family be in bed already ? its only 8:16 lol 
just heard from < PROPFEMALE > about her providence class ... shes gonna drop it cause she got into a car accedent on the way home ! lady ran a red light < PROPFEMALE > couldnt stop in time , < PROPFEMALE > s car = little damage , idiots car = probably totalled ! < PROPFEMALE > and idiot are fine talk to her for more info ... \ 
\ 
btw < PROPFEMALE > glad your safe feel better and let me know about rides while ur car is getting fixed ! ill be posting my schedual now 
me being bored is not a good thing , i just made a 247 < PROPFEMALE > slide show feturing a futurisic car that runs over a guy , transforms into a rocket , crashes and sets off a nuke , then ass an ending the poor guy who got ran over flips off the audience , only to have an arrow shoot off his finger and then , only then does he have a single tear ! this is me bored .... be scared !!! lol 
welcome back ear ache oh how i have missed you .... NOT !!!!! 
thank you english idiots who are putting my grade in jepordy ! if you guys actualy prepared for the disscution i would have to do double the work for the same grade ! 
is almost done with homework , finished with english , almost done with my public speaking speech ! 
1 class down 1 to go ... we shall see how this class goes :| 
Tired of being sick ! 
when you miss 2 days of class being sick and you come back to a paper being due but no notice of it online i stop to think why i dint just go in while i was sick ... then i remember how dizzy i was lol 
ok brandons classes at 8 am get old real fast when i dont have mine until 11 ! at least tonight will be better ! 
Bored in class ! 
had an awsome time last night , and now im wondering why i signed up for an 8 am class , even if it is just digital photography ! 
is set up to wait for class . i have found the perfect secluded space with comfy chairs and power for my computer ! now i just have to wait till my class at noon ... thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
had an awsome night last night ! tired as hel for tis morning ... thank you < PROPFIRST > ! but still had an awsome night ! 
today just got much easyier !!!! my college writing class cancled so i now only have boring buisness , which i am considering skipping ! 
my ear is killing me !!!!! 
to all the disbeleivers i laugh at you ! i got my pictures done in time for class !!! ha ha ha haha ha 
ok im kinda bored and trying to waste time till 8 ... :( 
computer-check\ 
power to said computer-check\ 
comfy place to sit-check\ 
bored out of my mind ! -double check ! 
off to the first class of the day , public speaking , then to buissness 
well time to get ready for my 8am class , at least i have public speaking today :) and at least tonight should be great ! 
had an awsome time with < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) 
ok guys i saw one of those like things that said if i get 50 likes ill dye my hair pink , im not going for pink but ill dye my hair lmao im not joking either lol 
had an awsome time at the kings faire with the arnolds !!!!! and an awsome time afterwards with < PROPFEMALE > 
lets see , 2 classes at 12 and 2 and then race back to pick < PROPFIRST > up at 3 for his class at 4 , then go home and get ready to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > at 5 , good thing my hw is done for tomorrow ! lmao 
figures , i get all ready to present a speech and he cancles class ! ug 
my public apology went horrible , pick something personal and hard to talk about he says , give yourself that extra challenge he says , and like a dumb ass i listened ... well at least i conviced my audience i was sorry :/ 
had an awsome time last night with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > 
after giving a horrible speech last class the teacher is still using me as the golen boy example !!! grrrrrrrrr thank you teach for the vote of confidence but enough is enough !!!! 
ok im just chilling on my laptop waiting for brandons class to get over , and this random chick is like freaking glarering at me lol i dont even know her lol 
just finished with my second buisness exam , and i feel really good about it ! 
message to facebook , STOP CHANGING THE LOOK OF FACEBOOK ! try fixing the glitchy chat first ! lol 
bored at ccri ... anyone else here , im stuck here until noon with no classes 
all ready for final class of today !!!!! 
ok guys midterm grades are here !!!! Digital Photography C+ Intro To Business A-\ 
College Writing\ 
not yet given Oral Communication B\ 
digital is because i have had trouble getting the photos to her , i love tecnology , itshould go up after tomorrow cause she taking time to help me ! 
back to working on my horrible speech !!!!! :( 
just found the great pumpkin < PROPFIRST > brown of halloween movie night with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
almost done with the < PROPFIRST > phelps speech , ill post it in a note when im done !!!!!! i hate this guy lmao 
annnnnndddd DONE ! 
Done presenting my speech ! They said it was very good but it felt like I dint pause enough and I was fra < PROPFEMALE > g info at them , let me just say if I paused more I would be at a ten < PROPFEMALE > speech instead of a five < PROPFEMALE > speech . I went an extra < PROPFEMALE > lol oh well at least it's done 
At ccri and guess what I forgot ? My phone ! Bran meet me at 2nd floor at 1 o'clock 
off to final class of the day ! woooo ! 
Ok guys and gals , I know I'm not the first second or even third person to ask for prayers but please pray for my uncle < PROPMALE > , he got into a car accident this morning and please pray for a speedy recovery\ 
Thanks 
just got back last 4 projects for photography , and there all A s 
FACEBOOK WE ARE NOT HAPPY WITH FONT SIZE ! CHANGE IT BACK PLEASE ! PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE DAY AND SEE IF WE CAN MAKE A CHANGE 
working on paper :( 
paper is done and sent !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finaly !!!!!! 
done with test it could go either way :| 
found out why his ears are crap !!!! i guess its hereditary , my grandma on my moms side has the same thing and has for her whole life ! its because of the cold or the wind . durring winters she must have ear muffs or stick cotton in her ears !!! its a problem of the ears being extra sensitive ! FML 
got a 92 on his buisness test ! 
just got a hair cut ! woo goodbye to the white guy fro 
omg my photo teacher just made a halo joke ... i feel special !!!! 
ready for friday !!!!! first class is almost done ! thank god !!!! second class then home and boredom !!!! yey !!!! at least i got A parking 
my second class just got cancelled !!!!!!!!! YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
goodbye ccri acount hold i will not miss you !!!! 
let me just say i have the best Girlfriend ever ! thanks for cheering me up < PROPFEMALE > ! and also thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > O . Hope tomorrow is better for you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
1 day till my bday , 2 days till the begining of the best weekend ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All Signed up for classes !!!!!!! next semster is going to be fun ! \ 
i have the one teacher that is blind and has a dog named < PROPMALE > , and i took another one of my favorite teacher from this semesters class ! and i have a class that the teach wants you to do 1 power point every week , and that is sooo easy for me !!!! 
ok so now i have 3 classes wih < PROPFIRST > and maby a class with < PROPFEMALE > next semester 
Thanks guys for all the birthday wishes ! it was an awsome birthday :) 
i want my classes to be over ! please let it be 5 oclock already !!!!!!!! 
would like to thank everyone for an amazing birthday !!!! expecially < PROPFEMALE > , who put togeather a whole birthday weekend ! 
weekend is over :( back to real life :( 
just got done with his public speaking presentation ! i think it went very good ! 
just had a pop test in buissness that counts twords my final grade fml 
just got back my pop test ... its my lowest grade so far in the class but its passing ! 74% !!!!! 
its amazing that a college cant count to 6 without skipping 5 lmao 
well guess whos cars tranny wouldnt work this morning ... :( 
alright fine im in on the < PROPFIRST > game , message me a number and ill write what i think of you ... WARNING SARCASM MAY OR MAY NOT BE USED IN SOME OR ALL OF MY RESPONCES ... you have been warned 
i dont like the new fb change of hiding the status bar , it doesnt like my computer 
feels like shit ! migraine + ear ache + urge to throw up , + dizzy + test in buisness = :( 
I JUST SAW THE BOONDOCK SAINTS 1 AND 2 AND THEY WERE EPIC !!!!!!!!! those were amazing movies that were so dam kick ass !!!!!! 
My grades are in !!!!!! \ 
Digital Photography : A- \ 
Intro To Business : B+ \ 
College Writing : A \ 
Oral Communication : A- \ 
IM SO HAPPY 
hmmm ...... This in from facebook .. There are many complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook has a number of inactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not If you don't post this message within 2 ... weeks ...... you will be removed in order to get more space . Post this on your wall to show that you are active in the facebook < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck ... it cant hurt ......... ( Yeah right ) LOL 
I just found out i made the deans list for last semester !!!!!!!!!!! 
yey patriots lost ! go jets , too bad lakers lost to the clippers 
