Attempted to sign-up for a $7 game of Scrabble online , was told it was no longer available after signing-up , and then was charged $77 more dollars to ' cancel ' my subscription . WTF ? Wild Tangent ORB is FRAUD ! 

Just got back from my first practice with the Metro Blades . Great skate - can't wait to meet the team ! 
Enjoyed spending yesterday afternoon with an old friend at her new house ! 
Just a reminder - the cold isn't all bad ! 
Had fun at our hockey game last night and is bummed I'm going to miss the next three games . Go Blades ! 
has decided to only shop Bath & Body Works online . I just can't keep up with the sales staff's need for constant reassurance that I am finding everything alright ! 
is driving from Durango to Grand Junction , CO ... and hoping to get there before the 6-12\ of snowfall . I wonder if weather forcasts in Colorado are as accurate as in Michigan ? " 
Grand Junction to < PROPMALE > , CO with barely a snowflake ... I guess that answers my question ! 
is on my way home starting tomorrow - at least I'll make it to Nebraska . 
is a third of the way home - just 830 more < PROPMALE > to go ! 
... two more days until a much needed x-mas vacation ! 
On my way to Wisconsin for the holiday ... I hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I licked a homeless guy in my car because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
Would somebody please take the keys from < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > so that I can enjoy what's left of my weekend !?!?! 
Good news everyone - < PROPFIRST > and I are having a baby !!!! 
Just thinking about summer days ..... 
Enjoyed the first week at my new job - I just have to remember there are spark plugs on these engines ! 
Better luck next year , Bucky ! 
I felt the little guy move on both sides of my belly - at the same time ! He's getting bigger !! 
Hey !... a certain Norwegian hockey player hijacked my FB < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
After watching the Norge in the Olympics - I think he could have made the team ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! Mom and baby boy are feeling good - birthday sweets really get him zinging around in there ! 
I picked up my new car last night ! On the way home I used the voice activated nav and SYNC to look up the Pizza Hut near my house and dial the number to place an order . I picked up my pizza with zero wait - very cool ! 
Our dog , Bosco , died suddenly this morning after 8 years of being the best dog and companion we could have hoped for . We are very sad , our family will not be the same without her . 
Thanks everyone for your kind words . It was a sad end , but we are also glad that we had Bosco as part of our lives for so many years . 
Is very happy to have good friends who were able to come out today to celebrate my baby boy - thank you all for a very special day ! 
I dropped < PROPMALE > off for his first day of childcare an hour ago .... now I'm just trying to wait until 5pm to pick him up ! 
Hooray ... after 7 days ( and long nights ) with the flu , < PROPMALE > is finally eating and playing again ! 
Yeah ! I'm looking forward to skating again on Sunday ... Go Tornados ! 
