cnat wait for the funkn waffles tomorrow ! gonna be awesome ... 

Hey , who's got 5th lunch 
Who's got < PROPMALE > 4th priod with seward ? 
i got : 1)health- Gates , J . 2)algebra 2 & trig- < PROPFIRST > , K . 3)english 10R- < PROPMALE > , H . 4)german 3- Seward 5)Lunch 6)AP euro- Magnarelli 7)Chemistry- Malecki , A . 8a)Phys < PROPMALE > 8b)Chemistry 9)Princ . engineering- Hudson , M . 
i just realized that i need to change my profile pick . its so old and i look like a scumbag 
Writing chapter 23 notes for AP euro . this blows . it is gonna take all day . I haven't even finished reading the chapter 
Skalloween at the Funk'n Waffles today ... sweet . 
Aaaaaaahhhhhhh !!!! Skalloween was awesome !!!!! 
ugh ... just got done raking leaves ... so bored ... txt me or somethin 
finally got some time to relax before wrestling starts . 
aaaahhh ! hurt my knee trying to do a double leg 540 in karate ... could've been worse the way i landed ... < PROPFEMALE > close to landing it though 
yep , i screwed up my knee ... not sure what i did exactly , but it better get fixed before wrestling ... i tell you , i am not doing that again 
skanksgiving was so AWESOME !! I can't wait for the next shows ! AWESOME !! 
just got home from the jv tournament . at least i won a match . no bad for a first year , huh ? 
3rd place in the blindman's tournament ! I'm so happy ! 
we crushed auburn today 
in pennsylvannia visiting family right now ... 
i am such a pro at wii golf ... 
Thanks everybody ! 
i am such a pro at sonic ... 
Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes ! 
Happy 148th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation ( or New Years) ! 
that was insane last night 
aaaaggghhhhh !! i just had one of those five hour energy shots ... they taste < PROPFEMALE > horrible !! 
weigh ins this morning ... match today at cns 
watchin the alabama-texas game 
feelin horrible ... just woke up with some sort of virus and felt fine yesterday ... hate it when that happens 
just got some sweet new vans 
just got a trumpet ... but no lesson for two weeks ! what am i gonna do ! 
im broke ... and i owe 2.75 on my lunch account at school .. and my parnets dont know ... makin lunchs and waitin till they give me a check 
vikings beat the cowboys ... love it ... i hate the cowboys 
just got a sweet new saxophone ... 
cant wait for the funk'n waffles tomorrow 
great night last night .. 4.0 was awesome and so were skip town matty and < PROPMALE > city riot ... 
last meet tomorrow , against oswego ... 
just scewed up my knee again , it is extremely swollen ... last time i ever suck weight 
swelling's finally going down 
went to see an orthopedist ... said knee will be fine by monday if i excercise it on the stationary bike 
finally get my tenor sax tomorrow 
got my new tenor sax ... and im starting web < PROPFEMALE > design with fortais tomorrow 
? / This is < PROPMALE > , copy paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \\ take over Facebook 
got my permit now 
It was the summer of ‘95 ( so what ?! ) In the backyard Shaving the old plies Feeling so strong Something went wrong Straight into my finger what a stinger it was so long I still remember that day like the day that I said that I’d swear that I’d never hurt myself again , But it seems that I’m deemed to be wrong to be wrong to be wrong So ive got to keep holding on 
laser tag 
just pre-ordered Volume 1 of 99 Songs of Revolution by streetlight manifesto 
Might go to lab on saturday ... anyone else wanna go ? 
great fight last night ... wandelei < PROPFEMALE > beat bisbing ( yes ! ) , valasquez beat noguiera ( unpredictable)and < PROPFIRST > jardine got beat by Bader ( it blows my mind ! ) 
Well , just got home from the hospital ... my six uear old brother broke his femur while sledding by sledding right into a building 
i have officially sold my soul to the guanciale 
i traded the rest of my cinnamin role for connor murphys soul 
two snow days in a row ... awesome 
I cant believe canada won ... i thought we actually were gonna win there a second ... now we're gonna have to deal with fortais during web < PROPFEMALE > 
well i managed to waste most of the school day by donating blood ... and i went to quaker steak and lube and had some awesome potato soup , pretzels with amazing cheese sauce spiked with guinness an i managed to eat 48 variously flavored wings 
eat crayons , poop rainbows 
friday night was awesome ... abonible killer snowmen , the real deal , waffle stompers and 4 point 0 ... all great 
two tone capones ... hope i can keep up 
just got done watchin boondock saints 1 and 2 
When we drink , we get drunk . When we get drunk , we fall asleep . When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . When we commit no sin , we go to heaven . So , let's all get drunk , and go to heaven ! 
Here's to a long life and a < PROPFEMALE > one ; A quick death and an easy one ; A pretty girl and an honest one ; A cold beer -- and another one ! 
god invented whiskey so that the < PROPFEMALE > wouldnt take over the world ... 
Some may say the glass is half empty , Some may say the glass is half full , But the < PROPFEMALE > will forever say \Are you gonna drink that ? \"" 
first day of work tomorrow 
funk'n waffles friday anyone ? 
UFC 111 tonight 
GSP = GOD !!! great fights tonight ! 
anyone got the P90X workout ? I really want to get it but i dont wat to pay sixty bucks for it 
anyone else stressed about getting their work in for the end of the quarter 
You . You try . You try to get by . Youre never gonna pull it off you shouldnt even try . Youre a wet cigarette . Youre always second best . But they're never gonna give a sh*t about anybody but themselves . So you fight . For them to realize . There's more to life there's more to you there's more than meets the eye . and when youre done , the battles been won , you sit back you smile and this is what you hum , you hum ... 
White Castle =D elicious 
We got the fire but it doesnt mean anything , we got the fire tonight ! We wanna fight but will it change anything , will that make it alright ? 
Exercise 
Xenergy ! 
i feel great ! ive been losing healthy weight , gaining muscle and i feel really < PROPFEMALE > 
i ache everywhere now ... and i have a wrestling tournament saturday and a track meet tomorrow 
Quit yo jibba jabba , fool ! 
Nooooooooo !!!!! Not the AP Euro EXAM !!!!!!!! 
tested my new < PROPMALE >.' s today ... 180 for bench , 340 for squat and 305 for deadlift 
Wretling tournament in pennsylvannia this friday 
in erie pennsylvannia for a wrestling tournament 
anyone know anything about ska prom ? 
i just got new ufc gloves :) 
Ska Prom saturday 
I love ... Lamp . 
sparring in the morning , movies at < PROPFIRST > Peterson'shouse at night , then ska prom sunday 
that was a great show ... cant wit for ufc 114 now ... 
my accelerade is finally here ... 
UFC 114 Tomorrow ... < PROPMALE > vs . Rampage ... Grudge match of the year ... AWESOME !!! ( I would love to see Rampage get knocked out ) 
I heard < PROPMALE > bought Rampage a pink snuggie for when he gets knocked out ... how thoughtful 
watching the ultimate fighter finale tonight ... go court mcgee ! Next week starts the first of my many wrestling camps 
< PROPFIRST > Yager lost , great ... Court McGee Won , awesome ... First Wrestling camp this weekend , cool ... 
great ... the camp i was supposed to go to this weekend got cancelled 
is starting to work for his dad at the warehouse 
finally saw the A-Team ... awesome !!! 
guess who has two thumbs and a new tattoo ... this guy ! 
is thinking about getting a nutritionist ... 
has < PROPFIRST > Mills camp next week ... 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > mills camp ... learned a lot ... but it was in the middle of nowhere ... 
is watching ghostbusters ... 
bloomsburg tomorrow 
hates it when people mistake the WWE for actual wrestling ... 
just got back from work 
Question : What is the sexiest instrument a man can play ? 
is going to karate for some sparring ... 
May luck be our companion , \ 
May friends stand by our side , \ 
May history remind us all\ 
Of Ireland's faith and pride . 
Here's to a long life and a < PROPFEMALE > one ;\ 
A quick death and an easy one ;\ 
A pretty girl and an honest one ;\ 
A cold beer -- and another one ! 
Some may say the glass is half empty , \ 
\ 
Some may say the glass is half full , \ 
But the < PROPFEMALE > will forever say\ 
\Are you gonna drink that ? \"" 
When we drink , we get drunk . \ 
When we get drunk , we fall asleep . \ 
When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . \ 
When we commit no sin , we go to heaven . \ 
So , let's all get drunk , and go to heaven ! 
Here's to the four hinges of society . \ 
May you fight , steal , lie and drink . \ 
When you fight , may you fight for your country . \ 
When you steal , may you steal away from bad company . \ 
When you lie , may you lie at the side of your sweetheart . \ 
And when you drink , may you drink with me . 
\Its a Knee-cap ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Peterson " 
wants to grow a beard ... 
In Soviet Russia , pants wear you ! 
There are two kinds of people who talks using there hands ... deaf people and italians 
First rule of Fight Club ... 
1-AP Physics B-Fellmeth\ 
2-AP US History-Thomas\ 
3-English-Meany\ 
4-AP Physics B ( A)/Gym ( B)\ 
5-German-Seward\ 
6-Lunch\ 
7-Pre Calc-Cassidy\ 
8-Study Hall\ 
9-Digital Electronics-Mizer 
CURSE YOU APUSH !!!!!! 
Road test today ... 
Just got his new reebok reezigs 
Eggs are natures hand grenades ... 
who's got two thumbs and is seeing Reel Big Fish saturday ... this guy 
oh my god .... Reel Big Fish was AWESOME !!! I was one of the only people to get a shirt , got invited to a college party ( but sadly didn''t go ) and accidentally elbowed < PROPFIRST > Peterson in the chest when he pulled on my hoodie ... we were so close to the front ... AWESOME !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words ... What would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your\ 
friends say . ( And if you make a comment you have to put this in your status . Fair is fair ) . (: 
GSP !!! 
got the oktoberfest 5k in less than two hours ... might go to the funk'n waffles after that 
just got done running the 5k , got like 24th out of about 100 , and a time of like 23:15 ... now i'm off to stomp some waffles 
good show ... hub city stompers were great , and so were The Waffle Stompers , and 4 Point 0 ... cant wait for the Have Nots next show ... 
\Archaeologists believe that Irleand was a much different place before the discovery of alcohol \"" 
kickboxing later on , maybe go to class and gonna see if i can grapple a little bit too ... 
aaaaah ... there's nothing like a good ol ' glass o ' chocilate milk after a hard workout 
is watching the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ... 
its so HAWT !! 
just lost the game ... 
actually cant wait for open mats 
If i make it to thirty without an aneurism someone better throw me a parade 
i like how am at a point where excercise is kinda like a drug to me ... im makes me feel good , im addicted to it and people get angry at me when i dont stop talking about doing it 
my dog thinks that he is a person ... 
has a new proclamation ... in order to make mondays fun , monday will be forever known as \Bongo Day \"..." 
kickboxing later ... might do class , not sure ... 
Post-workout < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > + Shower = Refreshment :) 
Thats weird , like my history from the past week or so on my profile just decided to disappear ... 
and now for some reason my profile has returned to normal ... 
... its like that one thing that if I think about it , I cant help but feel a sinking feeling in my chest . But the thing is , I cant stop thinking about it ... 
The Ultimate Fighter is on tonight ... Team GSP ! 
i dont know anymore ... 
Kickboxing later , then most likely sparring , maybe see if i can get grapping in there somewhere ... I'm loving this rain right now ... 
has realized that everything is more epic in the rain ... 
was thinking about going to the game tonight ... a little too late for that ... 
wants to go to the funk'n waffles tomorrow , but isnt sure if he can ... anyway , kinda bored , give me a text ... 
is craving KFC right now ... 
\Turkey-Sausage to the rescue ! \"" 
Have Nots = Awesome !! Great show , cant wait for skalloween and the zombie walk ... not sure what to do now ... open mats monday ... text me i guess 
\POOP is better than chocolate . \ " ... God i love sloganizer lol " 
\Money doesn't buy happiness . \ " \ " Do you live in America ? \"" 
new wrestling gear finally came in ... 
One out of every homeless people is a veteran ... like this status to show you think something should be done about this 
correction to my last status : One out of every FOUR homeless people is a veteran ... like this status to show you think something should be done about this 
\'Wunderbar!' He exclaimed with great relish ... \"" 
I just realized , I'm gonna be kinda alone next year , seeing as at least half of my friends right not are seniors and theyre graduating next year 
wrestling ... 
ouch , my shoulder ... 
who wants to see Jackass 3D this weekend ? 
\Uisce Beatha \"~ < PROPFEMALE > for the \ " waters of life\ " ... also known as whiskey " 
visiting lemoyne today , hopefully seeing jackass 3d later 
Jackass 3D was HILARIOUS !!! 
THIS IS WHY WE CANT HAVE NICE THINGS !!! 
set the impossible as your goal . you may be disappointed every time but you'll accomplish more than you could ever think otherwise . 
GSP is 5-1 now , having last night gotten two straight first round sumissions 
Zombie walk was great , skalloween was sick , and now Court McGee won his first official fight in the UFC 
YEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAIN VELASQUEZ TKOED < PROPMALE > LESNAR IN THE FIRST ROUND AND IS NOW THE NEW UNDEFEATED HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wrestling season is finally here :) 
\How many feet are in a mile ? \ " \ " 5 
... and < PROPMALE > Brookins moves on to the finale ... 
GSP just systematically dismantled Koschek 
cant wait to get back to wrestling ... 
Back to wrestling monday ... Segars im coming for ya ... 
tired ... 
facing cns a home today ... 
caz tournament tomorrow ... 
black eye in my left eye , good sized cut above my right one ... this is something i can get used to :) 
I'm kind of a big deal ... I have many leatherbound books and my apartment smells of < PROPMALE > mahogany 
ice cream ... 
good night and joy be to you all ... 
Who just got money from the government ? This guy :) 
in pennsylvannia , visiting my uncle < PROPFIRST > ... 
finally has skype 
so , went to < PROPMALE > , nj , to an aquarium , pet and fet a stingray , went back to pennsylvannia and should be heading back to new york at the end of the day ... productive day 
jus tried fresh mex ... it was delicious but very filling 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
Giving blood tomorrow and mohawk valley wrestling too . Hope i dont mix up the two . 
you know what really grinds my gears ? when i cant find the droids im looking for 
so apparantly you cant give blood within 12 months of getting a tattoo 
Happy National Face Five Day ! 
wrestling 7-9 
might go for a run today ... nothing like running on a warm rainy day 
im thinking of doing cross country next year ... any thoughts ? 
Finally have a new phone , WITH internet 
Track meeting today , means track starts tomorrow 
Mohawk valley 7-9 , txt me 
Got a sweet 1 inch gash on my right cheekbone now , thank you wrestling 
First day of track : not so bad . Txt me 
Tournament in canastota today and tomorrow 
First match of the day = pin in 30 seconds . 
Eh , I think I might just take tomorrow off and not go to the other tournament 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > Weir <3 
So today < PROPFIRST > found a fake sword in the elevator and brought it to lunch and then I made him a shield with his lunch tray . Funny stuff :) 
HAPPY ST . PATTY'S DAY ! ÉIRE GO BRÁCH ! 
Suns out , guns out 
Mmmm ... fresh mex :) 
I feel ... relaxed :) 
Goodnight's sleep , now I think I'll go get some dunk'n doughnuts for breakfast 
Mmmm ... diner 
This is your brain on ska 
Blah blah blah music blah blah blah ska band blah blah blah swear words 
Eh , guess ska shows just aren't as fun as they used to be 
Grabbing a pita 
Lol , I just looked through my wallet and apparently I still have a contract that says I now own Connor Murphys soul lol 
April 30th , GSPs fighting < PROPMALE > Shields ... kick his add Georges 
Urijah fiber with a great win , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > es becomes the youngest champion in ufc history ... good night 
Got the Nasonis over to watch the fights 
Cold weather is not good for your muscles when running 
I really hate this weather ... not only was.it making my muscles cramp when I ran , it is just completely messing with my reception and frustrates me 
Flashback to winter ... very bad for running on the track 
Miserable 
Bed now ... early day tomorrow ... gotta get up at 4:30 to work out 
I heard a plow go by ... in the beginning of spring ... that's not supposed to happen .... 
So , despite getting up at 4:30 to do my rushfit workout , going to school , then track practice , then another rushfit program , then wrestling , it was a good day 
I think I might be trying to fit too much in one day ... I think I need some vitamin C .... or a couple of days off ... 
These pretzels are making me thirsty ... 
Wrestling tournament today ... 
wOOt ! 4th place in < PROPFIRST > Mills Eastern Nationals ... not bad 
Ouch ... I guess they really mean it when they say you'll feel it the next day ... I guess it's a good idea to just relax and recover today ... 
So , I'm dragging myself if the couch to go get some fresh mex ... 
EXPLOSIVE POWER TRAINING !!! 
Good workout ... I LOVE PLYOMETRICS ! ... only 3 more weeks until I am \rushfit\ " ... " 
Ah , fitness ... one of my best friends ... one of the only things where I can give all I've got and it will actually give me something in return ... 
\The operation was a complete success . Unfortunately the patient died . \ " Mr. Fortais " 
Snapple ... delicious and informative ... 
Remember the name ... 
Six layer < PROPMALE > chocolate cake = best < PROPMALE > class ever 
So apparently , \strictly enforcing\ " has become a popular term used at baker high school ... " 
\Why do you cry when you know how the story ends ? How can you lie when you know that it hurts your friends ? " 
Why do some people keep insisting on lying to me ? 
Getting up early again to exercise tomorrow . At least exercise gives me happiness , peace of mind , confidence and actually likes me back ... unlike some people ... 
Well , I got some much needed rest and a much needed early workout ... and I feel a lot better ... 
Meanwhile , at the legion of doom ... 
Time trials today ... we all had to run 400s ... I got 62 seconds ... feel like I shouldve done better ... 
Mmmm ... chicken ... 
The new season of the ultimate fighter premiers to night ... I might just go without watching the entire season just because lesnar is coaching ... 
GSP , you better beat Shields ... 
Abdominal strength and core conditioning ... 
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are blood donors ... thanks for that handy fact Snapple .... 
\Id rather be a square < PROPFEMALE > in a round hole ... \"" 
< PROPMALE > found a cactus ... 
Selling cookie dough for our track fundraiser ... 
Chickens keep wandering into our yard 
So apparently RIT does have a wrestling team .... guess its something to look into ... 
Great wrestling session at Mohawk Valley tonight ... 
At Wilkin's Hyundai and Subaru , we sell Hyundais and Subarus ... 
All in all , good day ... 
Bored ... actually have a weekend off ... anyone feel like doing somethin ? 
Might be sparring tomorrow ... finally ... 
Beautiful day today ... 
Bored again ... text me ... gotta go to Pennsylvania tomorrow ... 
Thinking about growing a beard .... 
So I guess we're not going to < PROPFEMALE > today ... text me .... 
R.I.P. great grandma ... 
Bored ... anyone feel like doing something ? 
\i love lamp \"" 
Watching jackass 3 lol ... 
If I were you , I would take this as a sign Believe it's true , we were never meant to fly And I owe you , I know you more than anyone alive And I will not let go 
\So what you do when they call your name and you're not ready to go ? Everyone will stare at you and tell you know . That you're in too deep and you can't quite keep your secrets one and all . We might just make it after all . \"" 
Just finished the full body strength and conditioning dvd ... so much lactic acid ... 
The bird is the word ... 
Waking up early so I can fit my workout in before I leave ... 
We are now officially in Pennsylvania .... 
Terrible reception here ... talk to people when I'm at a place of better reception ... 
\Smooth like butta\ " ... something which I am not ... " 
Finally heading back to New York ... 
I'm back ... 
like/ dislike anyone ? 
