Doing two college final papers this week for University of Phoenix , which I need to hand in by this Sunday . Wish me luck ! 

New University of Phoenix Psychology course officially begins today . I am highly excited , as this is a field that has always been of greatest passion to me . I certainly look forward to what I am about to embark ! :) 
Working on an extensive Psychology paper this weekend , which is supposed to cover the Psychological learning theories and mechanisms of classical and operant conditioning . What a weekend it's going to be ! 
Today is Monday , and I already have a 7-day University of Phoenix academic work week ahead of me -- which officially began today . I am required to participate in Learning Team Assignments for my psychology courses . That means that I am assigned to a group of students , with which I have to complete a assigned academic task -- such as a formal paper . Wish me luck , everybody -- this is going to be quite a ride !!!!! 
Adhin Today is Monday , and I already have a 7-day University of Phoenix academic work week ahead of me -- which officially began today . I am required to participate in Learning Team Assignments for my psychology courses . That means that I am assigned to a group of students , with which I have to complete an assigned academic tas ... k -- such as a formal paper . Wish me luck , everybody -- this is going to be quite a ride !!!!! 
I'm feeling inspired today , despite my hectic college schedule . Physical , psychological , and spiritual balance is always the key to authentic bliss -- as well as being grateful for the good things within his or her life . Acknowledging that one is a unique manifestation of God with a purpose to serve -- like everybody else -- also helps . Remember these whenever you are having a mediocre day . Affirmative thoughts work ! 
Sitting at Starbucks and enjoying the ambience of coffee and music , as I wrap up my academic day . Their Java-Chip drinks rock ! :) 
Injustice can only be eradicated when truth is demonstrated in the most appropriate manner , for each injustice experienced . As a future MFT ( Marriage Family Therapist ) and clinical psychologist , I thus encourage all abusees to find constructive means by which to liberate themselves from any form of abuse -- personal , academic , or professional/organizational . Never tolerate untruth ; it only propagates more suffering ! 
I moved out of my parents ' house last Thursday , and am living with a friend while I complete my Psychology and counseling studies via the University of Phoenix . I have two other roomates , so we aren't the only ones in the house . I moved out on very bad terms with my family , and don't foresee our relationship being salvable . Words of encouragement would be appreciated . I need all the emotional support that I can get ! 
On another note to anybody in an abusive relationship who just read my previous post , NEVER SETTLE FOR LESS , AND GET OUT OF THAT RELATIONSHIP A.S.A.P. We all deserve authentic bliss , and codepedency is never the correct means by which to achieve that . If I could do it , so can you . When the heart of one's courage is strong , liberation from any bondage is feasible ! 
Starting from scratch , and reinventing myself again -- just like the people I've admired as role models throughout my lifetime ( isn't it funny how we become identical to them on many levels ? ) . Now I can move forward with my life , and focus on college . Thank you all sooooo much for your love and support . I especially give thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Vishal for your comments . I LUV YOU ALL ! 
On another note , people should consider NOT posting such broad thoughts , if they don't expect honest answers from sincere people like me . It just seems contradictory -- especially if a person claims to be spiritual , and gets wholehearted replies from spiritualists like me . 
Feeling rejuvenated , and ready to embark new projects . A lot of things are coming into perspective now , so that's a good thing ! Another two weeks until my biopsychology class begins . Yay ! 
One week left until my biopsychology course begins for UOP ( University of Phoenix ) . This is going to be a highly interesting course , and I am definitely excited to embark it . For now though , I must complete my final project for my History and Systems in Psychology course . Wish me luck everyone ! :) 
So many str8 guys automatically assume that every gay guy who walks into a local store in which they work or are shopping will hit on them , and try to get lucky . I can't STAND the stereotype that gay men are compulsive sex whores , whose only objective is to screw every freakin ' guy that sits or walks before them . GET AN OPEN MIND , STR8 GUYS ! You may not be my type anyway . DON'TCHA JUST HATE STUPID PEOPLE ... LOL ?! 
I've always been a proponent of treating others as I would like to be treated , as I do believe in the universal law of cause and effect , aka karma . \\ 
My University of Phoenix biopsychology course officially begins today , and I am highly excited to embark it . Biopsychology has always been of significant interest to me , and I certainly look forward to the next 5 weeks of this online course . This is also the fourth class for my Bachelor of Science program in psychology , after recently earning my Associate of Arts degree in psych . last June . Wish me luck everybody ! 
I am finally feeling a sense of physical , psychological , spiritual , and and academic balance -- after a month of hectic shifts in my personal and academic life . It is great to be free from people who constrict others , by pretending to be friends when they really aren't . That is a mistake that I will never make again ! I'm just focusing on finishing school , knowing that the latter is far more important than posers ! :) 
Start with the seemingly litttle , and bigger prospects and accomplishments will eventually ensue in return . The universal Law of Attraction is based upon the primal law of \Love . \ " That which you give your attention to and act upon with utmost passion will eventually manifest in your daily life -- for better or worst . We are spiritual beings having a human experience -- not the opposite way around ! :) " 
You are an Individuated Aspect of Divinity Itself . The one truth that humanity has found the most difficult to accept is the one truth that would free humanity forever . God and We Are One . \ 
\ 
-- Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsh 
Stand up for what you believe in , and utterly know of , with your innermost essence ( spirit/soul) -- even though you may find yourself standing alone . That is the key to authentic physical , psychological , and spiritual < PROPFEMALE > , and there is nothing else greater . 
Treat others with the love and respect that you wish to be treated with from others in thought , word , and deed . The pure God-consciousness energy within and as your innermost and outer beings , is the same pure energy within such aspects of every living organism -- human , animal , plant , etc . When you mistreat another person or living organism , you are really mistreating YOURSELF ! 
Recognize yourself and every person that you encounter as a manifestation of Source energy ( God ) . We are each manifestations of the same Source , and must therefore treat oneself and others with equal love and respect . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year to you all , dear friends ! May your holiday season be joyful , and the new year be prosperous . Remember : We are spiritual beings having a human experience , not the opposite way around ! :) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR , EVERYONE ! May you all have a fun and safe New Year's Day , and May 2011 be wonderful for you all ! :) 
EEEK ... I just walked out of my local public library yesterday to talk on my cell phone , and returned to see that my laptop was missing -- one that I had purchased about 3 months before . Thank God to financial aid though , as I was able to replace it ( with the help of my mom , even though she seemed upset to have to spend the money ) . AT LEAST I got it replaced though , as my college education DEPENDS ON IT !!!!! 
Sigh of utter relief -- in addition to replacing my stolen laptop with a new one this past week , I was finally able to activate the preloaded Microsoft Office 2010 that came with the new laptop earlier today . Now I can breath without anxiety , because I will be able to finish my psych . assignment this week . I just hope that whoever stole my computer gets the karmic result of their actions . Thievery is NOT fair !!!!!!!!! 
GRATITUDE THERAPY : Always take some time within your day to find at least 3-5 things that you are grateful for within your life . This is especially helpful when you feel dejected , or negative in any other way . By taking inventory of all the good things in your life , you will almost instantly begin to feel better . The latter is also a good meditation method , to align body , mind , and spirit . Trust me -- it works ! :) 
I was home today , due to cold symptoms . I still need to get better , and won't resume college until Thursday . Thank God for green and white teas , as well as hot chocolate . The more antioxidants , the better ! 
Wow ... sooo glad to be back at the library with my usual college schedule ; its finals week though , so I better catch up FAST ( yipes ! ) I was out for 2 days , due to a moderate cold . I'm still somewhat ill , but slowly getting better . Thank God to < PROPFEMALE > , green , and white teas ! 
I feel sooo stupid ! As a University of Phoenix psych . student , I plan on transferring to Chico State University to begin their Marriage Family Therapy program in fall 2012 , since the latter is closer to Willows . I was so worried about being able to transfer there , but just found out from one of their psych . professors that everything should be okay after all , since they accept UOP degrees -- and since my GPA is strong . 
Well ... let's see here ... I get my BS in psych . in May 2012 , and then hopefully begin fall semester at CSU , Chico to embark their Master's degree program in Marriage Family Therapy . After a week of fretting over transportation , and transferability of my University of Phoenix credits to CSU , I finally feel much better after finding out from a counselor that all of the above will be possible . THANK GOD ! 
