happy new year :D 

CHOCOLATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate homework 
Just joined . 
Time for homework . FML 
Want go to to bed . Have to go to work . 
Just burnt my tongue . Coffee is hot . 
Is . Really . Freaking . Bored . 
I'm at work right now . Some old woman came in , said \I am THE gopher\ " and walked back out . WTF ? " 
New headphones kick ass 
has a friggin cold . FML 
Skillet kicks ass . 
Ice cream cake = orgasm . 
HOLY CRAP 2 HOUR DELAY OMG IT'Z SO AMAZING 
Being sick sucks . 
tireeeeeeeed 
is sick and it sucks . 
feels like death . 
Still feels like shit but nobody gives a fuck . 
is feeling better now . Yay . 
is bored . 
Listening to nirvana 
nice day out . 
is having cereal for dinner at 8:45 WHOOT . 
g'night! 
Is at gettysburg college . 
Finally got his laptop fixed . Whoot . 
Is eating grapes for dinner :D 
Is really really really really bored . 
Blah . 
Night :) 
Whooot :D 
Is bored . 
Whooooooooooo finishing my senior project . 
Whooooooooooooooooot Done with my senior project now . :D 
Whee :D 
Time for sleep 
Bored as hell . Want to go to the movies . Has to work . 
Just had an amazing day . 
had another fucking amazing night . 
Whoop ! 
Good night . 
Sorry to EVERYONE for any mean thing I may have done over the years . 
is going to bed . Good night . 
I'm bored 
is bored ! 
So who else absolutely despises their parents ? 
Roses are #FF0000 Violets are #0000FF All my base Are belong to you 
Everyone knows I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves . I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities . Calculus Puns For the win ! 
I hate being pissed off when I have to do something important . 
I need to write a resume . Joy . 
And yet another boring vacation begins . 
I'm bored as hell . 
Packing it in now . Good night facebook . 
I'm feeling very lazy . 
And now I end my excessively late night XD Good night :) 
Is a proud leftist Socialist . 
SNOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW :D 
Holy crap FLAC sounds amazing . 
It's a torkoal ! 
Stomach ache ... Mountain dew sucks . 
I love snow , but hate shovelling it . Blah . 
It's been about an hour since winter break began . I'm bored already . FML . 
Still bored ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas/Happy Yule everyone . 
Today sucked ass . 
stomach ache ... This day just keeps getting worse . 
So I got a 30 on the ACTs . Yay . 
Finally installed windows 7 . 
Office 2010 beta should match Windows 7 nicely . 
I'm bored . D= 
Heading back to Philly today !!! Hell yeah ! :D 
Got accepted to Penn State ! Whooot ! 
Today was fun . :) 
I hate doing backwork . Then again , it's my own damn fault for waiting until the last few days of the semester to do it . 
Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep ! 
Applying to Pitt at the last second . Blah . 
I love how my parents think I'm going to fail at life when I leave home . 
Today was the best day I've had in ages . 
Best day EVER . 
I'm bored . 
I find it annoying when people use my computer without asking me first , but I absolutely hate it when they take it places , and then end up leaving it there . Way to fucking go dad . 
Note to self : English homework sucks . 
So tired ............. 
Time for sleep . 
SNOW ? YES ! SNOW ! WHOOOOOOOOOOT ! 
Reading for English class is much more enjoyable with a nice cup of coffee . 
So who else loves < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Welcome to the Circus of Values ! 
so who else thinks that this is WAYYYYYYYYY too much snow ? 
Is Happy :D 
I would like to take this time to say \FML . \"" 
I got a cell phone ... finally . 
THIS IS SPARTA !!! 
Time to go pass out . Later . 
In Soviet Russia , PopTarts eat you ! 
Tired .......... I might go to bed early . 
Why are there so many acid-trip-esque scenes in old kids ' cartoons ? 
I'm in love with 80s glam metal 
AHHHHH SPIDERS !!! Ahem . 
Bed . :D 
Time for some nirvana . 
I'm bored .... AC/DC should cure my boredom . 
God's Debris is the biggest mind-fucking book I've ever read . I loved it . :D 
Just woke up ... 3 hour long naps are nice . 
Ultimate frisbee is fun . :D 
Happy ? ostre everyone :D 
Yes , I know it's a week late , but I'm not really married . April Fools ! 
Time for bed . :D 
Why is it that the songs that get stuck in my head are the last ones I hear on the radio that day ? 
Now I shall transition into slumber . Farewell . 
I hate reading Shakespeare . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but ... we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did ! Will you ? 
is now officially enrolled to Drexel :D 
If you're a cowboy and you're dragging a guy behind your horse , I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine . 
Finally done with AP tests forever . 
Had an awesome day . :) 
Prom was awesome !! 
Damn I love def leppard . 
The game . 
Have you played \The Game\ " today ? " 
Graduation today ... On one hand I'm excited that my life is moving on , but on the other hand , I'm a bit anxious about what I'll be doing this summer . Plus , I'm going to miss all of my friends from high school . This is literally the last time that ALL of us will be together . Wow . 
Sunkist is delicious . 
Hairy legs + Band aids = Epic Fail . 
Chocolate covered strawberries are delicious . 
Tea is quite good . 
Happy Litha world ! 
Jeez I'm tired . 
I have officially decided that heavy metal is the best music genre ever , and I mean REAL heavy metal , not this new screamo crap . 
Why is scheduling classes so confusing ? 
Yay Pizza !! 
Blah I can't sleep at night ... Damn internal clock . 
College orientation tomorrow :D wh00t ! 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have \ 
been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need \ 
apunch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known \ 
cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in \ 
the face . But we can raise awareness . 3% of the people who read this \ 
won't repost it . They need a punch in the face . 
Punk rock is awesome . 
I'm tired . o.o 
I hereby deem doughnuts to be delicious . 
I hate insomnia ........ 
Days left til college begins : 30 . 
Loans are a pain in the ass . 
I'm eating breakfast at 5PM . Yay for summer . 
So it turns out that loans are an even bigger pain in the ass than I thought . 
I'm bored ! 
Yay I finally have my schedule . 
It's quite remarkable . School starts in 2 weeks and loans do not cease to be a pain in my ass . 
Thing that doesn't make sense of the day : Christian death metal . 
I'm hungry . 
Hello everyone ! Thank you for your birthday wishes ! I would have gone through and thanked everyone individually , but this is my last day in Gettysburg , so I was a teensy bit busy doing ALL of my packing at the last second ;) 
I hereby declare college to be AWESOME . 
Going to the ghetto . 
< PROPFIRST > Willgoose is probably the best guitar player ever . 
Drexel is effing awesome . 
I must say , Philadelphia is amazing . Yay college :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Syrup . 
Time to make it classy . 
The name's TyTy . Don't wear it out , or I'mma kill you . 
never again 
Yoga is phenomenal . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > falcone 
I'm eating S'mores poptarts . I'm eating myself , and I'm delicious . 
Shaft Day was great . 
Deadmau5 is fucking amazing ! 
\People are the spice of life\ " - < PROPFIRST > Sevit " 
Back in Gettysburg now . 
Wow , I'm bored . It's the first time I've been bored since I started school . I love college haha 
Going back to Philly ! Hell yeah ! 
Just went pineapple shopping ! 
Not my chair not my problem . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s is delicious . 
< PROPMALE > n cheese , chocolate syrup , deadmau5 , and dancing with a great friend of mine is the best way to end the night . 
I'm in a tent ! 
Done with finals ! Fuck yeah !! 
I had the most awesome adventure last night/this morning , but now I'm stuck at home and bored . Damn . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Just liked all of < PROPFIRST > Young's statuses . Win . 
My music class's only homework is to go to 3 concerts during the term . This is going to be awesome . 
I feel a fiery itch surrounding my swollen twat , an itch that can only be remedied by three shots of gin and a < PROPMALE > serrated spatula 
< PROPFIRST > Willgoose is the fucking man !! 
Ugh .... Fuck Four loko . 
Looking forward to this week :) 
Errbody knows I'm a mothafuckin monsta 
Note to self : do not go to knowyourmeme.com in lecture . 
I am now a proud mother <3 
IT'S METAL TIME !!! \\m/ 
Note to self : Don't drink 2 liters of coke to pull an all nighter . 
My flight to < PROPFEMALE > was delayed . 
Looks like I'm pregnant again ... 
love you bunches - from Anwyn Statnick 
METAL TIME !!!!!! Concert < PROPFEMALE > will be popped in roughly 55 minutes . 
Just hacked iTunes . nbd . 
\Something really philosophical\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Bass is invading my soul . 
\I think you just found out how to make somebody orgasm\ " - < PROPFIRST > Ehler " 
Ugh .... Fucking amnesia . 
Would anybody like a delicious glass of bassnectar ? 
My phone's dead . If anyone needs me , send me a message or write on my wall here . 
Looks like I'm officially phone-less for who knows how long .. 
Time to get cultured with some sicknasty string ensemble music 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
Two more finals then SPRING BREAK ! 
New phone !! Phone number is 717-398-4139 
Going back to Philly ! 
I'm really tired , but \ 
@ < PROPMALE > Stropko's radio show is too good ... 
One 9am c o-o p class down , 8 to go . 
My physics < PROPFEMALE > just used the term \centrifugal force . \ " Fail . " 
My Business 103 class in a nutshell : No exams , No homework , 2 movies in class , and 3 days at the rock wall . I'm in love . 
Arrgh , I be slaying them scurvy wenches ! 
80 degrees today whaaaat ? 
Bought a longboard !! 
Fuck this rain in the ass with 30 grit abrasive sandpaper . 
Weather's awesome 
Just got done watching \A Serbian Film . \ " Shit is soooo fucked up . " 
Symphony X time !!!! 
POWERGLOVE IS FUCKING AMAZING !! 
Late night longboarding in the rain is awesome 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 . How we met . \ 
2 . My first impression of you . \ 
3 . What I like MOST about you . \ 
4 . Favorite memory with you . \ 
But if you like this you must put it as your status . 
Being smothered by the fine folks of Philadelphia while watching acrobats set shit on fire 
Field trip !!!!!!!!! 
Tryina Rapture anyone ? 
Just saw < PROPFEMALE > Claus 
Going back to Gettysburg for the weekend . 
I've been on cracked.com for roughly 15 hours today . Going home is possibly the most boring thing ever . 
Peace out Gettysburg . 
How did I end up sleeping in until 4 in the afternoon ? 
Math final down , psych and physics to go ... 
Peace Drexel , it's been a goodass year . I'm gonna miss it this summer . 
Just slept 17 and a half hours straight . 
Making some mothafuckin dubstep ! 
Flux Pavilion and Dr P tonight ! 
