Ever feel like people just don't want you around ? * SIGH * 

Is oddly satisfied ... 
Sad that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > have left so soon but excited about this weekend ! 
is eagerly waiting to see the love of her life ... the male love of her life :) 
too much relationship emphasis and not enough action !!! I wanted to see McGonagall zap the hell outta some Death Eaters ! 
hates being sick ! Stupid nose , stupid throat , stupid stomach , and stupid back !!!! 
is liking her bio prof ... he's funny cause he's mean to stupid people ! 
Why is it that when the weekend finally shows up I feel bored because the rest of my week is so busy ? 
What the hell ? I don't use my phone to update and I'm sure as hell not losing weight ! grrr rrr 
wishing her Econ prof would actually teach for once ! I don't care about marathons :( 
Is finally done with that poster ... can the weekend start now ? 
I love him and I love how much he adores me :) 
Ugh ... writing papers is lame ! Good thing I'm a geo < PROPMALE > ! hehehe 
Ok , if you are a professor and you don't want to grade papers or help students learn or just in general be a nice person you should probably go find a desk job somewhere that requires minimal human contact . 
Actually trying to finish two seperate papers a week before the due date :) 
Had a great time at the Faire , finished my Biology exam , now I'm ready for the holiday ! 
going home and bringing the boyfriend with me ! :) 
tired of being sick 
is super ecstatic for < PROPFIRST>'s wedding and can't wait ! of course the pretty dress does help ... 
Is sad because the snow keeps T'Pol from playing outside :( 
< PROPFIRST > bought me the perfect Christmas present ever !!!!! 
I'm in a state of complete bliss ... please school don't ruin this for me !! 
\1 . People are stupid . \"\" 2 . Bad things come from good intentions . \"\" 3 . Passion rules reason . \"" 
Going to Ren Faire !!! Wahoo ! 
Ready for Spring Break to hurry up and get here ! Then goodbye crappy Corpus , hello San < PROPMALE > ! 
Thank you all for your amazing birthday wishes ! Just to let you all know , it was a blast but the aftereffects were not as much fun :) But I think I now know what my drinking limit is ! 
Guess who got the highest score on the Sedimentary and Stratigraphy exam ?!? BAZINGA ! 
Guess who got a 102 on Geol of Nat'l Parks exam !! Bazinga ! 
I love love love my new job ! 
Happy Birthday mom ! 
Is excited about this crazy summer schedule ! 
Done studying , ready for sleeps ! 
Going out tonight with the buddies ! Hopefully the rain stays away :) 
It's that time again ... the WORST time of the semester , when all of the forces in the world feel like they are pressing down on me , trying to smother me with information ! 
So has anyone else heard the ridiculousness of the lawsuit of the Christian Legal Society trying to get college funding from their Universities and the right to deny membership to gays and lesbians ? 
Anyone who can help < PROPFIRST > move our stuff on the weekend of May 29th , please help ! I'll be in NM and can't be of assistance :( 
Yay for finals being over ! Now I get to stress out about different stuff ! Anybody want to impersonate me and go to my field camp for me ?!? 
New Mexico , here I come .... yay ... 
\borrowing\ " internet from a hotel in NM ;) " 
is so not excited about doing all that work today ... but then again at least I'm inside a building instead of 3 hours away from civilization ... 
driving to Colorado today ... hopefully it won't snow this next week while I'm camping ! :) 
Done with Field Camp !!!!! 
Is super excited about decorating our first place together but MAN it's a lot of work ! 
Is super excited for October 26th !! Next WoT book release !!!! 
Wondering if we are going to see a hurricane ... 
Well no storms ... just stuck on tornado watch for the next day or so :) 
Why can't chores do themselves ?!? 
Sunset at 8:29 pm ! Yay for fireworks ! 
Suggestion : If you are not experiencing any depressing events in your life at this time I would recommend reading The Jungle by Upton Sinclair , excellent writing and informative of the beginning of the last century , only it's also very sad . 
Go see Despicable Me !! 
I'm eagerly looking forward to spending time with some of my favorite people while shopping for a wedding dress !!! 
Ready for FL ! Just wish the greatest fiancé in the world could come too :( 
Happy to be spending time with my grandparents ! 
Feeling sorry for my wonderful fiancé' and wishing I could hug him :( 
I'm excited I finally got a decent internet connection without walking 10 minutes :) 
Well I'm sitting at the airport waiting for a flight to take me a third of the way home :) Can't wait to see the most important people in the world ! 
Please people , inform yourselves before making judgments . 
severely ticked off that the cookies burned >:[ 
excited about the wonderful get-away weekend mi amor is planning for us ! 
Happy that we have a good friend who is willing to watch the animals while we're away ! BTW- We adopted an adorable kitten and named him Apollo ! 
Well unsurprisingly someone at the University decided it was a good idea to scratch off the paint on my car's rear bumper ( all the way across ) and not take responsibility for it . I hate humans . 99% of them should all disappear and leave the world's resources to those who deserve them . 
Well being uber-sick is definitely not fun ... especially right when school is just starting 
Feeling better but not happy with the past three hours in lab staring at fish ... 
is super excited after speaking with Dr. Druckenmiller in Alaska about Grad School !!! 
Is sick ... again ... I don't even have enough energy to be angry about it :( 
Someone please attach a lightening < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell's head 
Ugh , studying at 6 in the morning is not fun .... 
So tired of this semester ... and it's not even half over yet :( 
Back from a invert field trip and tired as heck but wait ... oh yeah , I have a prac exam tomorrow at 9am .... woot ... 
I have a week until my next exam ... wahoo . 
Hey guys , if you are in search of a good dog please let me know and I can tell you about my T'Pol , she needs more from her owner than I can give at this time in my life . 
I am an INTJ and I am rare :) 
Ok so I loved my costume and so did < PROPFEMALE > ( as seen in her photo album ) but most people didn't get what I was going for ... I thought steampunk was becoming popular ... or is my costume just lacking in gadgets and clockwork ? 
San Fransisco , what are you thinking ? Those kids shouldn't be \punished\ " because their parents take them to eat fattening fast food . Big Brother is coming ! Haha " 
Remember , Remember the Fifth of November ... 
Don't you just hate it when friends ignore you because they're embarrassed about what they have/haven't done ... 
Ready to get to the Ren Faire ! 
So I feel pretty darn proud of myself , in less than 10 minutes I made a driver and a group of firefighters do double-takes ! Ha ! Talk about a great ego boost :) 
I took Apollo to the vet today to have his manhood removed ... little jerk better behave now ! haha j/k 
So I found out that our cat , Apollo , is not a he ... but an it ... the vet believes that Apollo has a penis and ovaries but without surgery or image scans there is no way to be sure . Good news = I didn't have to pay to get Apollo fixed ! 
A day of hell = Apollo got a urinary tract infection , then a 12 hour drive that was supposed to be 7 hrs , but my car decided to lose a lug and lug nut and the auto parts stores don't < PROPFEMALE > the right sizes , and when we finally got back on the road , Apollo got sick twice and took a couple of dumps in his carrier ! 
Just in case anyone is looking for a dog , I am trying to find a new home for T'Pol but she needs someone who is home a large majority of the time and can give her space to run around in . 
Quick question , how does changing ones profile picture to an animated character \fight child abuse \"?" 
Well I took the GRE and I'm not overly satisfied with my score but it's good enough to recommend me to grad school so I'm not paying $160 to take it again =( 
Loving Windows 7 =) 
< PROPMALE > O'Reilly is quite possibly one of the most unintelligent beings in the history of the earth . 
Why is it that people assume the world is becoming a more horrible place ? I think we are just exposed to people's atrocities more easily via media than ever before in history . And the fact that dramatic events garner people's attention more than stories of good deeds . Perhaps if you stop watchin the news simply because someone got shot , then they might show more stories featuring children that raise money for cancer . 
Happy to have celebrated one year of being engaged to the best man on the planet !!! =) 
Sick ... ugh 
\Life is a journey that's measured not in < PROPMALE > or years but in experiences\ " \ 
Rolled three times and played barefoot but had fun playing Kickball today 
I am sad because I just realized that because my favorite animal has been dead 65 million years , I will never meet one ... time to learn to be Dr. < PROPFIRST > Wu . 
Classes cancelled at 4pm ! I love that my class starts at 4 =) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Be grateful of the people who share your love in every way =) 
I hope that in 2011 , science will advance enough to find a cure for cancer . 
Happy to be celebrating my 3 year anniversary with the love of my life !! 
