Happy New Year everyone ... and Feliz Ano Nuevo ! 

was apparently wrong when she through that the tech industry would provide a more stable living than the entertainment industry . 
now has work until September . Then she plans on selling a pilot and going back into the more stable field of entertainment . 
is glad it's Friday . 
has been cleaning up her home office today . This could take years . 
and Paloma really enjoyed catching up with the Cormier family tonight ! 
wonders how people find the time to update their statuses several times a day . 
is disapointed that Brazil won the final , but REALLY impressed with how the U.S. played ! 
saw \Up\ " today . It was wonderful . " 
really loves her friends . 
needs a break . 
has been so busy she hasn't been able to sign onto Facebook or answer her e-mail ! 
is working on finishing her java assignments today . 
saw two plays this weekend ... a reading of a new play and a production of an \old\ " one (\" Hair \") . They were both great and she's missing theatre again and wishing her \ " real\ " jobs wasn't taking so much of her time . " 
wishes life was simpler . 
' s heart is with his dear friend < PROPFIRST > today . 
would like to take a nap for a month . 
is grateful that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > will save some Prisoner wine for her . 
wants to know how to make one of those MadMen icon things that keep popping up as her friends ' profile pictures . 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > Klink for pointing her to the MadMen icon site . What fun ! 
is thinking about taking her birthday off from work ! 
is only going to take part of the day off from work . :) 
okay ... she ended up taking the whole day ! :) 
thanks all her wonderful friends for the wonderful birthday wishes this week ! 
is so glad it's the weekend . Really , really glad . Beyond glad ... thrilled . Joyous . Ecstatic ... 
hates Mondays . 
All of my friends have \It's a Wonderful Life\ " on their 15 movies list . I have good friends . " 
7 days ' til Deep Cove ... 
I am coming , my love ! Just one more day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin ... HERE I COME ! 
It was WONDERFUL ! 
Thank God the weekend's here . I don't know why short week's after vacations and holidays feel so much LONGER ! 
Spent a great afternoon/evening with the McBrides and my baby ... 
really enjoyed seeing < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > in RENT tonight . Way to go , < PROPFIRST > ! 
can't see anything ' cuz they put so much crud in her eyes at the eye doctor this morning ! 
took the day off unexpectedly ' cuz I couldn't see to drive to work after visiting the opthalmologist ... and ended up enjoying a relaxing free day ! 
needs a haircut . 
and Paloma just bought a new refrigerator , to be delivered tomorrow . The current one has turned into a freezer . 
Man it's hot in Burbank ! 
is just plain tired . 
is impressed by how hard Paloma is working on her school work . 
< sigh > 
is really enjoying the new television season . 
Where'd the Fall go ? 
A very HAPPY 50TH BIRTHDAY to my hot fiery Spaniard ! Felicidades , mi amor ! 
Don't forget ... Paloma's walking to fight Alzheimer's this Sunday . Click on the link on my site if you'd like to donate . 
LOOOOOVVVVVVE ... exciting and NEW ! Come aboard , we're expecting you ! 
Looking forward to next week off . 
One chapter ends , another about to begin ... 
enjoyed visiting with her friend Gilmore this morning over a leisurely breakfast . 
can't seem to get to the things she WANTS to do because there are too many things in the way that she HAS to do ... 
is calmer today . 
wishes she had another week off . 
bought some cool new clothes for her new job . 
back to the work week tomorrow . Ugh . I hate structure . :) 
' s personality isn't particularly suited to corporate < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
No turkey for us today ... poor Paloma has bronchitus ... but we're to have all of you in our lives . 
Long weekend . Yay ! 
is feeling calm ... for once ! 
Why isn't my NetBeans compiling remotely ? Ugh ! 
is incredibly disappointed that Flash Forward won't be back until March . 
is incredibly disappointed that STARGATE UNIVERSE won't be back until ... well ... whatever a \mid-season break\ " means . " 
Paloma's father passed away this afternoon after two and a half very difficult years living post-stroke . Paloma is doing okay ... but I wanted to let everyone know . Thank you for supporting her . 
is so thrilled that it's RAINING today ! I should be living in the Northwest ! 
enjoyed < PROPFEMALE>' holiday luncheon on the Sapphire < PROPFEMALE > , but wishes she and Paloma could've stayed aboard and gone to Mexico with them ! 
wishes all of her Jewish friends a Happy Hanukkah ! 
is cooking chicken and pasta for dinner ! 
1 more day ... then BRING ON THE BOOZE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Looking forward to a better year ahead . 
is kinda shocked how simple it is to hook up with old friends on Facebook . 
thinks her new job is strange . There doesn't seem to much to do and nobody seems to care ! 
Okay . Begged for something to do . Gave me something that falls under a different job description ( since there's nothing to do in mine right now ) , but it's pretty interesting and SOMETHING TO PASS THE TIME ! :) 
The worst part about working for a cruise company is all you think about all day is how you want to go on a cruise .... :) 
Love the rain when I don't have to drive in it . 
Avatar . OMG ... I mean ... wow ... really ... OMG ... 
Doppelgänger week . During this week please change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . Then repost this as your status . 
Had a lovely day celebrating my Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s 90th birthday ! She looked great and gave me some photos of my grandmother , who I never met because she passed away when she was only 42 . She looked just like my MOM ! Posting in my photos section soon . 
I WISH FACEBOOK WOULD STOP CHANGING ITS FORMAT LAYOUT ALL THE TIME ! 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other , tell how you met , how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this to your profile : Paloma and I met in Madrid 22 years ago . I was living there , teaching English . We got married a little over a year ago ... so we're NEWLYWEDS ! 
My other valentines ... whom I've known and loved for 34 years ! 
Lovely catch up dinner with old college friend < PROPFEMALE > Levert tonight ... 
is sick . :( 
is better ! 
needs a new adventure . This \grown-up\ " stuff sucks . " 
Am I too old to change careers again ? 
Monday . Ugh . 
Tuesday . Ugh . :) 
I am SO ready ! 
I had fun today . 
We lost our dear girl this morning . She was 15 . This photo is from when we first got her in July of 1995 . She was 6 weeks old then . We'll miss her . 
Paloma and I got together 22 years ago today . Happy anniversary to us ! :) 
is writing ... :) 
IT'S BACK ! Stargate Universe returns tonight ( 9PM ) on the SyFy channel ..... spread the word and be sure to post it on your home < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Whoa . Shaking . 
Jury duty today , but didn't get picked ! 
Man , doing taxes in when you're married in California but not in the country is oh-so-complicated . 
Taxes done ! 
How weird is it that I have four friends whose birthdays are on Thursday ? Of course , I'd never have known that if it weren't for Facebook telling me ... :) 
wonders when the Glee cast will go on tour . 
wishes this week were over . 
9/80 Friday ! 
The heros are kinda stupid . 
Looking forward to an evening of fun and laughter with the McBrides ! 
wishes people would learn how to be nice to one another . 
is writing . 
is off to bed ! 
wishes every day were Sunday . 
is having an awesome day ! 
is ready for May ! 
and Paloma saw a really cute puppy at the Burbank shelter today . God , please give us strength ! 
is expecting a miracle ! 
is enjoying the weekend ! 
mom is having double knee replacement on Thursday . Please keep her in your thoughts and prayers . 
mom's surgerywent better than I expected today . She's one tough lady . Now for the recovery ... 
Last few days have been tough for mom . She has blood clots in both legs , but they're being treated . The medication makes her a zombie , but without it , she's in agony . Supposed to improve in the next few days . Thank you for your prayers and positive healing energy . 
Mom's made it to acute rehab ! Yay ! Still dealing with pain , but improving every day . Thanks to everyone for their support these past vew days . Very much appreciated by all of us . 
and Paloma are looking for an idea for a place to go for a weekend that's less than a 4-hour drive from L.A. , relaxing , and not too expensive . Any ideas ? 
American Idol finale . Horrible . Worst ever . 
Weekend . Yay . 
Crazy makers are crazy making . 
I do NOT like being on the 16th floor of a hotel during an earthquake . 
New phone ! Woo-Hoo ! Now if I could just figure out how to make a call on it ... 
is feeling better . Not perfect , but at least keeping food down . :) 
says this is an easy way to lose weight . 
my mother has developed a terrible infection in on of the replaced knees ) . This is a rare complication and was caused because she had a urinary tract infection that the doctors didn't properly treat . She is having another surgery this morning to clean out the infection , but ultimately , they may end up having to remove the join and then replace it again in a few months . PLEASE keep her in your thoughts and prayers . 
I have relatively good news ! They went in and found a blood clot , NOT infection ! This is much easier to deal with ! Thank u for your thoughts & prayers this am . 
That was fun ! 
Oh c'mon . Tomorrow CAN'T be Monday already . Can it ? 
is going through old photos and enjoying wonderful old memories . 
VAMOS ESPANA ! 
Coming up ... < PROPFIRST > vs . Paloma !!! 
Poor Paloma is SO sick ... 
At urgent care with Paloma ... 
Paloma update : Doctor gave her awesome anti-vomit shot . She slept , she's kept down a little bit of food ... I think she's on the mend . WOO-HOO !! 
VAMOS ESPANA !!!!! 
Tengo < PROPFEMALE > esposa muy contenta ahora mismo !!!! 
At eye doctor with dilated eyes ... 
Starting a new job next week . Will someone please explain the difference between an HSA and HRA and tell me which is better ? Why can't they just offer an ' ole fashioned PPO ? 
Looking forward to seeing \In The Heights\ " on Friday night . " 
In The Heights was fantastic ! Thanks M & T !! 
Great week . 
Happy , but holding my breath ... 
Vegas baby ! 
Weird night . 
I love < PROPFIRST > and . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and Paloma ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was amazing . 
Alerting all 12 year old boys ... do NOT try to steal Paloma's inner-tube . You will be VERY sorry . 
Anyone know where wall settings are ? Apparently , I have something set that doesn't let people post on my wall ... but I can't figure out where that is ! :) 
Hm . I think something must be wrong . I've been in there and it's enabled for Friends , yet some of my friends are saying they can't post . FACEBOOK ! FIX IT ! :) 
Pretending today is August 11 , 1981 . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . I swam , drank and ate myself to death in Vegas ! 
Chillin ' ... 
I'm listening to the Gogos \Vacation\ " on vinyl . Am I cool or what ? " 
is now listening to the Grease Soundtrack ( Travolta/Netwon-John ) on vinyl . \Grease is the way we are feeling ... \"" 
Hi-ho , hi-ho , it's off to work we go ... 
Warmly remembering < PROPFEMALE > \Mama\ " Parrish this weekend . " 
Long commutes ... 
Does anyone know anyone who makes their living as a \technical writer\ " . I'm curious about this field and would love to get some information from someone who knows about it . " 
Our wedding anniversary is September 5th . Two years ! We're still in the HONEYMOON phase ! How many couples can say THAT after 22 years ! :) 
Man , I'm busy ... 
wants to manage . 
and Paloma are working their way through the new season pilots . Not impressed so far . 
likes her new job , but wonders how long she's going to be able to cope with 65 hour weeks ( that does include the 3 hour drive ) . 
I like it where it's supposed to be . 
Imagine all the people , living life in peace ... 
thinks we should require pre-tests of voters . Measure whether the voter has read the propositions . 70% allows that vote to be cast . Otherwise , no . We can't keep letting people vote who have absolutely no idea what they're voting on . Yes . I'm sick of getting e-mails full of lies and knowing that the people who forwarded them to me are actually voting based on those lies ... 
worked 52 hours last week and just did another 10 hour day without a break . I need a vacation . 
just bought tickets to see Hair at the Pantages and Next to Normal at the Ahmanson . Life is good ! 
and Paloma shared a really lovely night with really lovely friends . 
likes her job , but wishes to hell it would just SLOW DOWN a little bit ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but a stash of memories . This is a campaign to eliminate violence against children . 
Looks like the Barroso-Covington household didn't get cards out this year . Again ... 
I have the day off ! Yay ! 
What a frickin ' crazy week ! Happy New Year everyone ! 
Taking Thursday and Friday off from work ! Yay ! I need the break ! 
Watched \Social Network\ " . Best picture ? Really ? More like 1980s -style \ " TV movie of the Week\ " with better production values . " 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on ... the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post . 
Glad that week is over . 
Our 17 year old dog who normally just wanders around the house looking confused just had a burst of puppy-like energy that reminded me of when she was young ! 
55 hours at work this week ! Need I say more ...? 
Is there some kind of big baseball game this weekend ? :) 
Rest in Peace , dear < PROPFEMALE > . We love you . 
Does anyone know anything about the corgi dogs personalities ? 
New daughter . Got her at a shelter in Baldwin Park . She was an owner turn-in , so they knew her name ... < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > new thinks it's really fun to jump on top of me in the middle of the night to licking my face and wagging her tail ! OH NO !!!!! :) 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , FB defaults to the non-secure setting . copy and repost ! 
SNOWING IN BURBANK ! Full on down pour ! Like Vancouver ! It's beautiful ! 
The Los < PROPFEMALE > Komen Race for the Cure is tomorrow at Dodger Stadium ! Come on out and join the race ! 
