Wonders about people sometimes .... 

Enjoying the day off 
Listining to the rain 
Ew ... must prepare for work . Is it the weather or is it me ?? 
Oh my , snow !!! 
Cannont Wait to get my new phone !!! 
Hey check out Temper Airily . Local Band . They have some of their music on my space if any of you are interested in trying them out . 
Not looking forward to today ... 
Yay ! the sun has finally come out ! puppy park and layin in the lawn are in the works before work ! 
I hate my p button ... 
I feel like my cookin ... extra crispy . Though it was nice to enjoy the sun and play volleyball . 
When wet , my dog reminds me of the caucus race from < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . 
Sill managing to procrastinate on my lead character's developement ... thank you facebook ! 
Gettin ready 4 a big date ! and it kinda bugs me that DJ has a better blowdryer then me ... 
Hmmm , beautiful day . I should call in with summer fever .... 
Finds the large bag of aluminum cans in the living room quite funny . 
Crazy people do crazy things . 
Actually , got on my butt and started working out the kinks in my lead character . 
Thinking of teaching simi to run with me while i am on a bike . This may end badly . 
Is still exhausted from chasing my nephew around with his \buck . \ " His plastic tricycle ( which he doesn't want to sit on . He just stands behind it and pushes it in circles . ) " 
Not really wanting to go to work ... the internet seems like so much more fun . :( Wait CERAN is WORKING !! and < PROPFEMALE > , TOO ! Yay , off to work i go * whistle while off to work i go * 
Funny thoughts 4 day : McD's sign says : Try a real fruit smoothie ! I say : They make fake fruit smoothies ? It made me think of when companies advertise : Now with real beef ! Well what the hell was in it before ?!? 
Gyros at work today ! Oh so excited ! 
in the words of The Whitest Kids U'Know: \IT'S SATURDAY ! \"" 
Today is gonna kill me . 
Yay ! it's < PROPFEMALE > and hot and the river is calling me ! 
sad day . dj ison his way to wyoming . 
Wohoo ! I am so exhausted , spent 4 hours digging thru rock so my dog would stop digging her way out of the damn yard ! I wanna see her try and dig < PROPFEMALE > concrete blocks ... wahahahah ! 
Hope DJ is tough enough to wear pink ... maybe i shouldn't be allowed to do laundry anymore . 
Something's wrong . I scold my dog and and she wags her tail . 
Arrg . Off to work , at least its friday . Yeah , i said it's friday . I am a bit behind the rest of the world . 
Can no longer procrastinate mowing the lawn . Dammit , DJ has been spoilingme too much . 
Has succumbed to the reading frenzy . About every 6 months , I go nuts and read nonstop for about three weeks . 
Needs to get to writing more ... 
Really ? Do i have to go to work ? Funny how on my day off i had no energy to do house chores , and then today i would rather do chores . 
Who's up for floating either sunday or monday ? I am thinking Silver bridge ( oops i mean vets bridge ) to corvallis bridge 
If home is where the heart is , then my home is somewhere I have never been . 
Awesome week ! Got to bring the rough neck home with me ! 
Love leaves your favorite ice cream in the freezer when he goes out of town 
Found the greatest midnight snack : CHOCOLATE < PROPMALE > crackers and milk . Ohhhhh . 
Oh OH ! Supernatural tomorrow ! I can hardly wait ! ( I think my supernatural addiction is sometimes worse than my nicotine addiction ) 
Very glad life is resuming its normal boringness . though the crazy busyness was pretty fun ! 
Dear Supernatural , \ 
You made me wait 3 months for your season premiere and now your making me wait another week for the next episode . Oh how cruel . 
Excited to go to the haunted maize next week .... 
Haunted Maize was fun .... short only ones there so we kept running from the chainsaw guy . 
Awesome day in day snow ! 
Thanks everyone for the congrats ! We're both really excited though it wont be for about two years . Thanks again !!! yipee ! 
I want < PROPFEMALE > hair . 
FAJITAS ROCK !!! 
Yay ! A Nook ! 
