I feel like a stalker . :D 

Why do I never feel any different when I'm a year older ? 
Trying to take a picture of myself for my profile . . . geez this is hard . XD None of them look right ! 
I'm going to see How to Train Your Dragon . . . in the event this makes me lose all sanity , I blame my friend for giving it a good review . xD 
I can ride my bike with no handlebars . 
Well , < PROPFIRST > Hood was certainly an epic play . :O I never thought I'd be so impressed ! 
I just put the saddest tv show ever on my iPod . Now I wonder why I did this to myself . 
I'm very much looking forward to an evening of watching Ninja Assassin . :D 
I really feel the need to go on my website , but instead I'm here on Facebook . Funny how that works . 
Today I finally had the courage to submit my entry to < PROPFIRST > Patterson's little writing competition . I'm very surprised I found sealing that envelope so scary , but even more surprised that I got around to sending it at all . 
I had teen club today at a history museum . Wanna know what the best part was ? Coloring . Not drawing , but coloring , of my own free will . 
I was going to go to bed at a decent time last night , but then I decided to stay up until midnight so I could write . Now I must face the consequences . :P 
I want my pizza already . . . pleeeeeease hurry up , Dominos , please ! 
My baby sister now says \NOMNOMNOM\ " every time she eats something she likes . I've taught her well . " 
Like this status and I'll give you a wall post saying something I like about you . Make this your status if you dare . :D 
I haven't played Zoo Tycoon in so long . . . I hope Sims doesn't think it's being betrayed . . . 
Impatience is burning me . I want to go to the Apple store already . XD 
If you have somebody in your life who causes you nothing but misery , you get away from them , right ? But what do you do if you can't ? ._. 
Apple betrayed me . :P 
I thought moms were supposed to be the ones to wipe your tears away . Not the ones that make you cry . 
It was just 11:11 for me , so I made a wish . It felt magical . 
After all these years , I finally removed each of the two hundred fifty songs I never listened to from my iPod . Now I have exactly four hundred . . . maybe I don't want to download anymore songs after all . 
Bananas . Nuff said . 
Why on earth is someone else managing my schedule ? 
I had a stunningly good day yesterday . . . because I'm just an obsessive little freak . First of all there was Remember Me and the Twilight crown I bought from a little kid . . . and then I got to eat < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and drink Dr Pepper with Iron Man on it . <3 Hehehe . 
If I don't see Eclipse tonight , there will be no desert for anyone . >.> That's what the world will deserve for messing with me . 
I was extremely tempted to post stalkerish messages about Komoda/Christine , since she did say she hasn't been on Facebook much lately , but I changed my mind . Instead I'll just post this little heart . <3 Love ya , Komo ! :3 
Ouran High School Host Club is one of the most delightful ( and pointless ) shows I've ever watched . :D 
Rain , rain , don't go away . . . I won't let you , you're too much fun . 
I don't know what I'll do while my website is down . ;-; This is going to be a long week . . . 
My mom is the creepiest stalker I will ever know . :O 
I must look like a computer nerd right now . 
It hurts . It hurts . I need you both with me , right now . D: Please . . . 
I like corn dogs very much . 
I have the house all to myself for three hours . . . >:D 
My ear hurts . After I practiced the trumpet for four hours . . . I sure hope this is just a coincidence . 
. . . well , there's nothing I can do now . Now I just have to let it go . >.< 
Captain Crunch is for anytime . 
I never thought I'd stay up late just to read Diary of a Wimpy Kid . . . now I know otherwise . 
Typing with Dvorak after years of QWERTY is like . . . an old lady trying to remember where she put her glasses . 
If you believe in God repost this . Please don't ignore . You are being tested . For it says in the Bible , \Deny me in front of everyone and I will deny you infront of my father . \ " 97 percent won't post . Will you ? " 
I think it's time to stop moping around . Maybe I'll go buy some jellybeans to cheer myself up . :P Or maybe I'll just keep moping . 
Eat a < PROPFIRST > Bieber ! 
Talking to random people in the library made my day beyond belief . Who said all strangers are bad ? 
Why are we allowed to poke people who aren't our friends ? 
I love those moments where the secret of the world is yours for a few seconds . 
Silly Bandz don't like Mister Scissors . 
Ter <3 Alusi forever . 
There's pizza upstairs . Why am I still here ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cullen : Bringing not sexy back since 1901 . 
I really wish I knew why you hated me , computer . Please stop failing . >.< 
To whoever put that spider in my cup of water : Sorry , but your murder attempt failed . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > ? edelius , if I missed you , you're dead . I refuse to talk to you until you get back online . 
Would you rather be loved , or trusted ? 
It's always Yahoo's fault . Always . 
I don't like teeth . 
Dear people . My friend Cyn431 and I decided that we're going to destroy the galaxy . We humbly request that you join our army . Together we can defeat the galaxy's defender , < PROPFIRST > Letterman , and fulfill our quest ! ( Of course , all participants will receive cookies after the main event . ) 
Around here , they don't like people of a certain age trick or treating , but I've decided that I don't care . XD Except , I don't know what to dress as . Ideas , anyone ? 
Sorry , but I can't tell you what I wished for . 
The worst part about reading is waiting for the next book to come out . x.x 
I'm going on a safari . 
Paranoia does not belong with friendship . 
It's definitely nicer when you think before you speak . XD 
I think I've been watching Veggie Tales too much . 
Last night , I learned Japanese . :D Sort of . 
Nanowrimo starts soon , so I'm turning off chat as a distraction , and will be paying a lot less attention to FB . XD So if anyone from Twig has anything to say to me , it'd be best to say it there . 
C'mon . Just 8k more , you can do this . 
< PROPFEMALE > Benson , we are the champions . Ready to rule the world ? :3 
I think that if everything in this world worked just as it should , we would all explode from the shock . 
Oh spaghetti , how beautiful you are . 
Jet ski across the Pacific Ocean ? Thanks , Google , don't mind if I do . 
LOGIC ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Cooper , I'll see you soon . 
My brother taught me a song . It goes \HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY . \"" 
I can't even believe I saw my favorite song performed live . XD It doesn't feel real . 
\Nothing is worse than the limbo that comes with knowing something is wrong but not what it is . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Gallagher " 
\Now I want to live in this world just a little bit longer . \ " :3 " 
I enjoy my fictional family tree a bit too much . 
My brother made me watch part of Hamlet , and even though I didn't understand half of it , I feel as if my life has been completed . :3 
During my Thanksgiving break , it was exhilarating , having the freedom to do whatever I wanted instead of being forced to do schoolwork . So I decided it would be nice to do some schoolwork . :P 
It seemed to take all day for my new iPod to come - but that's okay , because I found a five dollar sushi coupon on our door . :D 
I wonder how long I could live if I didn't leave my room . . . too bad all my Halloween < PROPFEMALE > is gone . 
Fine , L , have it your way . Just don't expect me to be the one taking you to Burgerking , because it's over . >.> 
L = love . 
This morning I set an alarm for myself on my iPod with Japanese in its name . When the alarm went off later and I saw the words , it was so adorable that I nearly fell in love . x3 
Along with numerous presents for others , I was somehow able to afford three books and a poster of L . It's a Christmas miracle ! :D ( And I really do like this poster . ) 
I just found a nutcracker buried headfirst in a jar of peanut butter . 
I feel oddly like I'm Mail Jeevas right now . :3 
Even the most original authors write fanfictions of God's work . 
