Got lucky at the casino Sunday . 

is thinking more than necessary . 
There is nothing better than random things to make your day more interesting . 
is thinking on what the marching band needs to become better . 
sweats with the simplest of tasks and hates it . 
Finds dreams very interesting , especially weird ones . 
is ready for a nice long nap . 
PURPLE !!!!! 
Today is just one of those days that it is just better to roll over and go back to sleep . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your FIRST memory ( or close to it ) of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . ( Too fun to pass up ! ) 
is wondering if it is normal to be ignored , forgotten , and never told about anything . 
is in a mental state of confusion . 
Had a very interesting dream last night about a cult . You know the kind of cult that it would be a bad Idea to drink the punch . Very ..... weird ...... 
wants to break out in a song and dance , just becasue he can ..... well capable . 
Finally have a profile picture . It is a little older but not by much . This was in 2006 . 
is wondering how you can tell if you've gone temporarily insane . 
is tired of always being out of the loop . 
Random Things !!! 
may have become more insane recently . 
Is just trying to survive . 
needs to stop dreaming up strange things . This time it involved a sate wide game of Hide & Seek . 
had two nightmare last night . Never before has there been two nightmares in one night let alone a week . 
Is spending a fun filled , mind numbing night/day ( can't tell here ) at Area 51 . Loads of fun .... if you can stand it . 
loves those midnight walks on the trail . 
has white noise ( random thoughts ) constantly going inside head . Can't seem to figure out a way to shut it off . 
is wondering if anyone else overthinks everything that crosses their path ? 
is wondering what happens if you wander off the path that you wish to travel ? Would it be better if you continue off the path , try to find the path again , or make a new path to follow . And if one is to decide this , how can it be known if it is the right decision ? 
finds that following one's instincts will lead one to place they could never imagine . 
is just finishing up another book . Sojourn , book 3 of the Dark Elf Trilogy by R.A. < PROPMALE > . Good book , good series , good author . Can't wait to start one of his other series . 
does not like this time of year . 
< PROPMALE > insanity . YAY !!! 
Is still just survivng . 
Hello everybody ! 
Just wanted to say hello everybody . How's everyone doing ? 
Feels much colder . Might be because of the lack of hair . Luckily still have the facial hair to prevent completely freezing . Of course it looks kinda funny . 
Just wanted to say hello everybody 
is awake because he took a nap earlier . Dreamland here I come . 
is glad to be back on after about 2 weeks . Has nothing going on but is somehow busy ? Makes no sense , but then again nothing ever does . 
SOMETHING RANDOM !!!!! 
Remember to Un-expect the expected . 
Gotta love crazy hours . 
thinks that he thinks too much ......???? 
just found , at a yardsale , the complete blueprints to the Enterprise for < PROPFEMALE > Trek Next Generation !!!!! 
has the Core Rule book for the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Saga Edition RPG !! 
Insanity is in the eye of the beholder . 
My cat is curled up in a ball , sleeping in a box . 
COFFEE BREAK !!!! Oh sweet nectar of life . 
once again forgot what sleep was . 
loves how it is raining right now . Absolutely soothing . 
had a dream earlier this morning that it was going to storm . Don't know where or why that dream came to be . Strange . 
realizing an aspect of your personality that you have always hated has disappeared , been overcome , or just might not ever truly existed is an interesting and powerful experience . 
All time greatest quote : \I think ... I'm thinking . \"" 
is looking forward to a less cluttered good night's rest . 
Remember to use random wisely . 
is WTF considered a state of mind ? 
Beauty is in the eyes of the Beholder . ( Mainly because they are good at making statues ) 
can't cook to save his life . Always an epic fail . 
has the sense that he should be doing something . But , doesn't know what . Maybe something is going to happen .....? 
absolutely loves other peoples ' ( that he doesn't even know ) drama so much that it makes him sick . Why must they drag your day down with them ? 
Who knows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Best friend . Favorite color . Nickname ?? Copy this to your < PROPFEMALE > & see who knows you !! 
can't remember what he was supposed to forget . Oh well , wasn't important anyway . 
is best served with a side order of insanity and a large coke . 
thinks that people always worried about wasting time shouldn't be allowed to sleep . 
would like to say thanks to all those that laugh at him and his shenanigens . It shows that he is doing it right , and that he is fulfilling a grand purpose . 
Change is change no matter what it is . Sometimes it can be controlled and sometimes it can not . 
kes to talk in the third-person . Makes him feel very important and powerful . Plus he can flatter himself and if nobody knows who he is they think that it is true . 
wonders what ? 
has a sense that more change is on the way . Where is it coming from ? Where is it going ? When will it stop ? The answers may never come or they may already be here ...... 
Mmmmmm !!! Chuckwagon donut !!!! 
has always wanted to put this down ..... \This one time at band camp ......... \"" 
I AM TIRED OF ALL THE ATTACKS ON MY SEXUALITY !!!! I AM STRAIGHT !!!! LEAVE ME ALONE !!!! 
is seeing great progress in his changes of personality . 
loves the insanity created by himself and his fellow crazy people . 
finally was able to recieve a full night of sleep . 
This should be interesting to get comments on .... \ 
Leave a ONE word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ... Then copy & paste this & post on your wall so I can leave a word about you ! 
Amazing how working hard for so long on something can be completely destroyed in a matter of seconds . 
Time to dream what normal people dream . Fish 
should just keep his big , fat mouth shut . 
is wondering if next weekend will turn out like this one ..... probably ..... 
has the sense that nobody is listening , especially himself . 
Amazing how someone can just get you down so easily . And then they don't let up at all . 
What is wisdom ? How does one go about gaining it ? What does one do with said wisdom ? 
is now reading \A Case of Need\ " by < PROPFIRST > Crichton writing as < PROPMALE > Hudson . " 
Being more open with people has developed into a wonderful feeling . 
Feels like it's going to be one of those nights . 
Sane to crazy in -3 seconds . 
\If I lay here ...... \ 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ?? Here's a task for you - I want all my FB friends to comment on this status how you met me ! After this comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same for you . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ............ 
is thinking that maybe his plans will work for once . But it's still too early to tell . 
Spreading the word- visitation for < PROPFEMALE > will be thursday 2-4 and 6-8 @ < PROPMALE > City Church of the Nazerene- funeral will be friday night @6 : 30@ < PROPMALE > City High under the lights on the football field . Please help spread the word . 
has a really big sense that something is going to happen/happening . Don't know if it's something new or a continuation that earlier incidents of similar sensations are finally coming into being . Damn this mind for being so vague . Guess just need to sit back and pay attention to all the sense and find out . 
senses a lot of confusion . Must be time for whatever's suppose to happen . Or it might very well be sickness from the cold tube ride down the river . 
is done reading A Case of Need , now on to Sphere . 
is who again ? 
has always wanted to know .... what would you do for a klondike bar ? 
can't cook even when his life depends on it . Which it does . Epic fail ! 
Uh oh ! Too much badly shaped cookies , and cookie scraps . Blah !! Need something not sugarish . 
Ok , who let the cat out of the bag ? 
just cut his right thumb open !!! YAY !!! Luckily , little bleeding , but can't grip much without reopening it . 
is finding it easier to tell people what's up with his life . 
is finished with Sphere , and is now reading The Great Train Robbery , both of which are by < PROPFIRST > Chrichton . 
I think that the change I've been sensing for a while now has either happened , or is currently happening . I feel barriers breaking , doors opening , and obstacles disintegrating . A strength inside myself I never knew existed is gushing outward , and now I must harness this power and use to make further change . NOW is the time that I have been waiting patiently for . I AM MY ONLY LIMIT . I must always remember that . 
Hmmm ..... cheese ....... that's all for today . Thank you . 
Yummy !!! Rotten fruit !!! Blah !!! 
now has a sudden urge to read about water purification . 
Less then five hours of sleep today . Feels more energized than if the full recommended eight was fulfilled . 
Where do you fit in a Wolf Pack ? -- My Result : Beta Wolf . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/35333/referrals/status?aid=100000085330158 
has suddenly lost all < PROPFEMALE > yet again . 
\Cannibals ate my food ! \"" 
I feel like I can take on the entire world ...... GAME OVER !!!! \ 
Hey , where's my continue ? Don't I get a continue or something ? \ 
I didn't like this game anyways . 
Change ..... where to begin ? 
Holly : Since I was a nice brave person protecting your delicious chicken from the clutches of the evil people ... can I get a nibble ? \ 
Me : NO !!! But , you can have a can of your favorite turkey and cheese . \ 
Holly : But ... but .... it's cat food . And I'm most definately a human . \ 
Me : You're the size of a twelve pack of coke , meow , and covered in loads of fur .... you're a cat !!! \ 
Holly : ...... Big meany ....... 
1 : crazy 2 : I'd marry you 3 : attractive 4 : sarcastic 5 ; I miss you 6 : i'd kiss you 7 : moody 8 : smart 9 : energetic 10 : I so want to date you 11 : random 12 : hot 13 : funny 14 : fit 15 : amazing 16 : tough 17 : cute 18 : beautiful 19 : nerd 20 : I love you . !! Post this as your status and see what you get 
Yay for being sick early on in the cold months !!! Means no sickness when it'd be even more miserable . 
may have underestimated the strength of whatever he is sick with . 
talks too much , and uses too many words while doing so . 
\Alright everybody ! Time to clap your hams together !!! \ " Yet another epic fail with speech . " 
Wow ..... been over a week since I was on last . Feels kinda .... odd . 
Hmm ..... been a little over a month since I was last on . Feels kinda strange . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . It was the best part of my day to see my wall full of friends and family . Thanks !!! 
Press \like\ " if I have ever made you smile . Repost this and see how many likes you get ! " 
After about an hour of mind numbing clicking , I have finally cleared all of my requests . The oldest dated request was from Sept . 6th . There were a few from late spring as well . Amounted to something like 1,000 + requests . 
Just remembering the cold dark time of my life three years ago around this time . Seven people stuffed in a room with only a couple hours of heat everyday . For light we had a tv and a lamp , that had a broken bulb half the time . The worst conditions I've ever lived in , yet one of the best times of my life . Odd how that works out . 
