looking for rodeos happening soon . I want to watch some bull riding ? 

is painting her hat tonight . Habitat starts tomorrow !!! 
loves her pink hat !!!!!!!!! So excited for Habitat tomorrow . 
loves her pink hat !!!!!!!!! So excited for Habitat today !!!!!!! 
had a blast at Habitat today !!! Hopefully it won't rain tomorrow so we can keep working ! 
is bummed . It's raining , so I don't think we'll be building today . :( 
is planning an overnight trip to vegas for the PBR World Finals ! October 30 and 31 . Who wants to go with ?!?!? 
has realized that the Music Choice channels play the same songs in a loop about ever 3 hours . This is the third time I've heard Strange by < PROPFEMALE > McEntire . Now it's time for a Castle fix . 
can't sleep !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But I'm so tired :( 
I am super tired and I feel kinda sick , but it was totally worth it . 
is wondering why men have to be so complicated . And why they have to be such jerks . 
wants to be an HLEO when she grows up . 
is about ready to give up on the entire male species . 
is wondering if anyone else eats oreos with a fork ... and peanut butter ... 
rocking the MC LARS !!! Hurricane Fresh ! I can't believe I remember the words . 
I got me a bike !!! I'm so happy . Now I just need to put some air in the tires and then I can go all over town . Woo hoo ! 
Just finished her first early morning bike ride ... 
MBA orientation ... Yay ! Then either a long bike ride or apartment hunting . Not sure yet . 
is trying to find one to two more roommates . Anyone interested in moving to Wichita in December/January ? 
just finished watching 17 Again ... So good ! 
is going to class . 
Accounting homework and cleaning ... joy ! 
Darn you economy package internet !!! Why must you download so slow ? It's probably because I'm cheap ... 
finally got started cleaning ... Dishes are clean , computer is back in bedroom , sewing machine is not in the middle of the dining room anymore ... Almost done ! 
After numerous showers and deep scrubbing of my hands , I still have dirt and salt under my nails from the salt plains ... 
had fun at the fair tonight . Tomorrow is going to be a great day packed with sleeping , sewing and cleaning . Woohoo . 
is getting baptized today ! 
knows that no matter what happens , today is going to be a great day ! 
is somewhat studying , but mostly playing with her new PINK netbook . 
finishing up work , med clinic , then studying for my accounting test ... 
is wondering if sneezing blood is normal ? I'm thinking not . Let's pray it goes away on it's own . 
8 hours of work followed by a fun-filled dentist appointment . Can this day GET any better ? 
was awoken by the evil pager at 7am on a Saturday morning . I guess that's my que to get up and get ready . It really is going to be a fun week ... 
was awoken AGAIN by the evil pager at 8:30 am ... I'm still hoping to go to brunch this morning but it's not looking promising . 
Actually got about 7 hours of uninterrupted sleep last night ... No early morning pages . Hopefully I can make it through church and lunch with Megs before it goes off again . 
I am soooo excited for CASTLE tomorrow night !!! 
I got to watch the pilot for Cougar Town early and I really liked it ! 
T-minus 13 hours until House . T-minus 15 hours until CASTLE !!!!! I cannot wait ! Work is going to go by so slow today . 
is finally going to bed . Another long day ahead . Somewhat looking forward to the Mission Accompished luncheon tomorrow , yet , somehow apprehensive about it . 
is wondering what they're serving at this luncheon ... Hope it's yummy . 
Accounting , then sleep ! 
yay early morning workouts ... now it's time to get ready for a great day ! 
Why do Mondays have to come so early ?! 
watching what's left of Rent while sewing and apartment hunting . 
Had an amazing sandwich from Blimpie and just found out that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Strait are coming to Wichita in February ... Could it get any better ? I don't think so . 
mmmmm ... coffee 
getting ready to watch me some VeggieTales !!! 
is so happy the on-call week is over . Sorry < PROPFIRST > . :) 
is thankful for fresh , clean sheets !!! 
taking a short break from cleaning/packing ... Maybe a little longer than short . We'll see . 
so , I was looking at costumes for guinea pigs ( yes they make them ) and one of the pics that came up was of a fried guinea pig on a plate ready to be eaten ... not a costume , a real dead fried guinea pig . pretty sure , I'm over fried food for a while . 
I am super excited . Tomorrow is Friday . I'm getting my hair done on Saturday . Thanksgiving dinner in Goddard Saturday night , and then a peaceful Sunday . 
I made it home and Mom had no clue I was coming ! I'm so happy she was surprised . She seemed to be happy ! 
is having a very hard time motivating myself to finish this paper . 
wish me luck ... 
is getting ready for my presentation tonight and wondering if a guinea pig is ok as a white elephant gift ? :) 
finished my presentation , finished the stockings , now going to bed . Hopefully the stockings are dry by the morning . 
hates packing ! Losing motivation quickly . I guess there's always the motivation that I have to be out by next Monday because they've already leased my apartment to someone else ... Nope . Not working yet . 
is slowly but surely getting packed . It would probably go faster without the pause for facebook updates . Anyway , the kitchen is almost done and so is the bathroom ... It's pretty much just my bedroom .. Ugh 
Has about 2 hours to write a paper that will definitely require more than 2 hours to be written ... Darn Sunday hours at the computer lab . 
I still don't know how I did on that test , but I found out I can still get a B even if I failed it as long as I do really good on the last two assignments . 
ugh ... can't wait for the semester to be over . 
may actually be able to save her old laptop ! Sweet ! 
WAS actually able to save her old laptop ! I'm on it right now and it's working like a champ ! 
Moving day ! 
Finally finished the last piece of the puzzle for tonight . I have internet . And now I'm going to bed . Goodnight . 
Getting ready for a good , long week . 
was just told to look at the bigger picture . That even though I have to walk a mile to get to class during basketball season , I'm still getting my education . It's true , but not what I wanted to hear from Police and Safety . I think I was just expecting too much . 
So excited that the semester is over . Now all that's left is to get my grades . Ok . The excitement factor just went down a little . 
got a B in accounting ! Now just waiting for my management class . 
had so much fun with everyone tonight . I can't wait for our VeggieTales marathon next year ! 
SUPER EXCITED !!! I GOT MY GRADE FOR MGMT803 ! I GOT MY B !!!!! Well , it's a B- , but I can handle that ! YAY ! Next semester will be much better . Hey ! I may still get my good student discount . Today really is a good day ! 
thinks she may have found a way to stick it to the man ! But doesn't want to jinx it . I'll let you know how it works out . :) 
is getting excited . I leave for KC tomorrow after work and NJ on Wednesday . Now everybody tell the weather to cooperate with my plans . I really do not want to be stuck in Milwaukee . 
T-minus 4 hours and counting . 
2 hours to go ... had to stop the < PROPMALE > ... just couldn't take it . hopefully i'll find something else 
I made it home finally . Actually , I got in really early this morning . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
I love the World's Strongest Man competition ! Keg toss !! 
officially dislikes the plus/minus grading system at WSU ! 
went dress shopping for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding and found one I love ! I was already excited for the wedding . Now I'm super excited . 
Got her shoes for the wedding ! Super excited < PROPFEMALE > !!! Can't wait . 
Not a huge fan of the financial aid office at WSU ... 
getting ready for bed . Tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding and then < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are heading down to surprise me for my birthday ! Can tomorrow get any better ? I don't know . 
Today is < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding and then < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are heading down to surprise me for my birthday ! It's gonna be a great day ! 
Homework ..... And getting laundry done . I don't know how I feel about this ... Being productive sounds a lot like work . 
Just finished cleaning out my car . It looks so clean and shiney . Let's see how long that lasts . Now to start the laundry and cleaning around the apartment . Hopefully I'll be able to just relax in my clean apartment tonight ... We'll see . 
somebody please turn of the crying baby next door ... It's not really crying . More like screaming at the top of it's < PROPFEMALE > little lungs ... Woke me up from my nap . :( 
So my downstairs neighbor finally got the baby to stop crying ... Then I went to get some groceries and the crying baby sound followed me there . And continued to cry the entire time I was there . Right now , I think I could go about 10 years without having a baby . 
is getting ready for class . I just want to go to bed . At least tomorrow is payday ! Woo hoo ! 
just won a Dodge Viper !!! I love the Price is Right . Don't ask for a ride though . It's imaginary . 
is finally ready for bed . I'm all packed ... I think . Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > then off to < PROPFIRST>'s Bridal and picking up some groceries before picking up Daddy at the airport and getting on the road . 
looking at apartments , getting ready for my mid-term , trying to stay awake . 
is in need of sponsors for Bowl for Kids ' Sake . We're raising money for Big Brothers Big Sisters . If anyone is interested , let me know . 
is looking for somebody with an extra motorcycle who would be will to let me borrow it to practice on . I passed my test and will have my license in a few days , but I don't have a bike to practice on until June/July . 
Getting ready to take some NyQuil and go to bed . It's not even 5pm ... I hate being sick . 
is trying to pick the best bridal shower game(s ) . Any advice ? 
had a great time last night watching the Thunder demolish the Lakers with Destiney , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Now , after being awake for 22 hours , I'm going to bed . 
just got done at the gym . Time for a shower . Then relaxing and watching Castle with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What a great day !!! I was productive at work , got my new license with my M endorsement , went for a bike ride around Sedgwick County Park and just found out that Castle has been picked up for a third season !!!! Can today get any better ? 
is playing with her new phone . So glad it's the weekend , not so glad that I'm on call . Hopefully it will be a quiet weekend . Happy Easter ! 
stupid turkey ... you are so delicious but i am so tired now . i have stuff to do but i think i can afford an hour nap . 
Is just about ready for the week . 
finally knows where she'll be living in May . 
Tanning , grocery shopping , baking , and homework . It's going to be a late night . 
is it time to go home yet ? no ? oh man . it's gonna be a long afternoon . 
Got my case study done . Feeling pretty good about it . Didn't get my laundry folded . Not too upset about it . Going to bed now . Nighty night . 
just had a sno cone for dinner . Awesome . Now I'm getting ready for class . Party . 
RIP < PROPMALE > - 12/13/99 - 04/27/10 
knows that no matter what happens today , it's going to be a good day . 
just got the keys to my new apartment ! Found two huge ugly black spiders . Will be heading to the store soon to buy spider killin spray ! 
Ok . I think I killed all the spiders . I'm going to go over and check it out . Newsflash : when the fogger directions say leave immediately , it's not a joke . I've never coughed like that in my life . 
Almost done . Just one carload left , but my feet are killing me so I'm calling it a night . Goodnight all . 
i fixed my washer all by myself . and it works . and so does the dryer . no fire ! i think we can call it a success . 
Working on my final ... Hoping to get it done tonight and be done for the semester ! I guess we'll see how that goes . 
So , I didn't finish my final today , but I got a good start on it . I am planning on finishing it tomorrow night . It will definitely be done by the end of Tuesday night , as it is due on Wednesday . 
working on my final ... I will get it finished tonight . Most definitely ... Well , probably . 
I finished my final . And it's way before midnight . Go me ! I think I have to get at least a 39 on the paper to keep my B . I'm pretty sure I'm alright . Now it's time for bed . Working early tomorrow . 
Finally getting around to unpacking a little bit . My car I almost completely empty of moving stuff . 
Had a great night tonight . Goodnight all . 
Got an 87 on my final . Woo-hoo . Gotta wait to talk with the professor to see if I'll get the B+ and get off probation . 
Really enjoyed the cheesy , beefy , crunchy , munchy , yummy , nummy dip at < PROPFIRST > O'Kelly's . Now it's time to clean . 
All of my boxes are unpacked . Now I just have to tackle the mountain of clean clothes on my bed from said boxes . I may get to sleep in my bed tonight , but the couch is more likely . 
Getting ready to head down to Haysville to paint . 
boiling eggs and planning a bridal shower ... 
The AM was filled with great worry , but the PM was filled with great news . 1 - There was no water damage to my downstairs neighbor's stuff ... Woo hoo . 2 - I'm going back to NJ in August to meet the new baby and see my family and friends . 3 - I just got a bunch of free jewelry for hosting a jewelry party for < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . 4 - Tomorrow is payday . Does it get any better ? 
Got the washer put back into place last night ( Thanks < PROPFIRST > Gilmartin ) and the ok from the office to use it ... Haven't felt brave enough to try it but I'm going to have to so I have some clean clothes . We'll see how it goes . 
Excited for a day off from work spent with good friends . Not sure what we're going to do but I'm sure we'll think of something . 
finishing up the invitations for < PROPFEMALE>'s shower and I must say they look great . I hope everyone is having a great day . 
Had a fun night playing cards with < PROPFIRST>'s family . Going home to get some sleep before what's sure to be a long four day week . 
Going to bed so I'll be ready for my early morning workout . 4:15 is going to come too soon . 
Finally finished the invitations to the shower . Now I just need to get stamps and send them out ... That will have to wait until tomorrow . Heading out for a while . 
For those of you following the quest for a dress , I found it today . Now I just need shoes . Heading to the water park with Destiney and < PROPFIRST > . 
Swimming , wings , and now movies . Great Saturday ! 
I love raise day ! I wish everyday was raise day ! 
Had a great night tonight . Sloppy < PROPFIRST>'s with great friends , then playing in the rain . Now I'm off to bed so I can get up for the 5:30 am workout . 
Going to watch my first arena football game . Go Wichita Wild !!! 
Had a blast last night with Destiney < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Soyez and < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler at the game . Now I'm heading to church then back home to clean . My whole day of cleaning yesterday only ended up being about an hour so I've got a lot to do . Then Captivating tonight at 6pm . 
Going to Hydroboxing at 7 . Woohoo ! 
My mom and dad will be here in 5 days and 18 hours ... give or take a few hours . :) 
My mom and dad will be here in 4 days and 20 hours ... give or take a few hours . Woo hoo ! 
Getting the chip in my windshield fixed , picking up tickets for tomorrow night , then going home and cleaning . Party . I think I'll make tacos for dinner . 
Really enjoyed Smokey < PROPFIRST>'s Cafe at Century II . Going to bed now . Goodnight world . 
going to my last day of work before vacation , then finishing up laundry so I can go to the drive-in . Then tomorrow , 10am hair appointment and then shortly after I'm done , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will be here !!!!!!!! 
change of plans ... mom and dad should be here around 11 ! woo hoo ! 
my mom and dad are here !!! yay ! 
working on bridal jeopardy and other bridal shower items , hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Green and < PROPMALE > Singer , and then heading to < PROPFIRST > with my cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Ok ... I think we've bought everything we need to buy except a little more food we need to pick up at < PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow . I'm really excited for the shower on Saturday ! Now I'm getting ready to go out to dinner in < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
back in Wichita . Had a great time at the shower and then at Fire and Ice . Still , I'm glad to be back in Wichita so I can sleep in my bed for the first time in over a week . Church in the morning ... I need to check the weather to see if I can take the scooter ... 
Waiting for a break in the rain so I can go check my mailbox . It might be a while . 
Rode to the gym today on the scooter then back to the storage unit due to rain . Took care of Scooby and now I'm back home . I'm going to run a load of laundry and then go to bed so I have a decent < PROPMALE > of waking up at 4:30 tomorrow morning . 
surprisingly , I enjoyed Ninja Assassin . Had fun with Destiney < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Soyez . I'm still achy from the trainer yesterday so I'm going to bed to relax ... We're trying Ultimate Strength and Cardio tomorrow ... This will be .......... something . 
Enjoying a lazy Saturday , but fighting the feeling that I had plans and don't remember them . If only < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler was here . She always reminds me when I forget about plans . 
At the loony bin . Never been here before but I've heard good things . 
Had fun last night . Getting ready to go to church . 
God is good !!! 
Finishing up a work issue , cleaning/laundry , going to see Marmaduke , then Savanah's going away party . It's going to be a long day . 
Going over to < PROPFEMALE>'s for movie night . So excited to be going home in 5 days ! Hopefully the sharks will cooperate and we can go swimming in Seaside ... 
Sitting in kci waiting for my airplane . Can't wait to be home for a few days . 
just landed in philly ... let the vacation begin ! 
Hopping in the shower so I can go to church . Then Storybook Land and bowling before heading down to AC . 
Just landed in < PROPFEMALE > . Should be boarding for KC soon . 
has officially made it back home . i am sitting in my apartment about to get ready for bed . 
ready to start a fun day of cleaning , laundry and a few other errands . 
just finished watching \Shall We Dance\ " ... cried like a baby as usual . Now getting ready for what's bound to be an early morning . Good night all . " 
Has had a pretty long week so far . Two more days of work and then off to Osborne with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . Now just waiting for laundry to go in the dryer before heading to bed . 
Sitting at Spangles waiting on an oil change at firestone . So thankful for free wifi . 
Needs to get a job at spangles so I can listen to his awesome music all day . 
Trying to get some cleaning done but finding that I have no motivation ... 
is beginning to feel discouraged . But this will pass . 
is on an on call intermission from DDR . Good timing shop . I'm about 1/2 way done . 460 cals down , 540 to go . Woo hoo ! 
\For nothing is impossible with God . \ " http://read.ly/Luke1.37.NIV " 
ran one whole mile today . In under 15 minutes . For a runner , that sucks . But for me , that's pretty awesome . Let's see what tomorrow brings . 
is thinking the double shot of espresso at 10pm might not have been the best decision . 
Somehow started thinking about brown recluse spiders and now even if I was tired , I couldn't sleep . Grrr ... 
had found the best reason for checking the weather before you leave for the day ... Rain hurts . 
Trapped in my car until the hail stops . My poor car . 
Survived the storm . Only three small dents in my hood . Pizza should be here soon . 
Hello weekend . I've missed you so . 
habitat today and then movie night with < PROPFIRST > Cowell , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler 
spent the majority of the day on a roof . Was scary and exciting all at the same time . I can now say I decked a roof . 
Had a fun workout with Destiney < PROPMALE > , just found out Castle season 2 is on it's way to me . And < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler and I are getting ready to watch the season premier of NCIS ! Good day ! 
At the library at WSU before group tonight . 
Had a good night at Newspring with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Time to hop in the shower then get stuff together for tomorrow . Presentation at ESU and then my sleep study tomorrow . 
FINALLY watched The Blind Side and it was soooooooooo good ! Definitely on my top 10 . You better believe I cried . Ok , now on to make cookies for the fall festival tomorrow . 
So I cried at The Blind Side ... Ok , makes sense . Then , while waiting for the cookies to bake , I watched the episode of Castle from Monday that I missed and I cried ... makes no sense ... Good episode though . I highly recommend watching it . 
I LOVE FOOTBALL DURING OCTOBER !!! All those men wearing pink gear ?! Awesome ! 
1 doctor's appointment down , 1 to go . Then going to the gym and then going to bed . 
2 appts down , groceries bought , dinner planned , about to start laundry and ready for the gym . it's been a pretty productive afternoon . 
Should I study for class tomorrow night ? Or watch < PROPFEMALE > and go to bed ? I think < PROPFEMALE>'s going to win this one . 
Sitting down with about 30 wires attached to my head . They won't let me go to bed yet or I'd be asleep already . 
Slept in until 10AM . BEAUTIFUL ! Now to get some cleaning done before hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Kilmer ! 
Had a great time at the movies an the corn maze with < PROPFEMALE > ! Now it's time for bed . 
getting ready for Turbokick at the Northwest Y ... Then back home to do more laundry before Castle !!! 
getting ready to see < PROPFEMALE > Underwood with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler !!! Woo hoo ! 
had an amazing time at the < PROPFEMALE > Underwood concert ! She was awesome !!! Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . Now it's time for bed . 
is not feeling very good ... Good excuse to go to bed at 8:30 . 
Watching Date Night with < PROPFEMALE > and Bri . 
enjoyed both Date Night and Letters to < PROPFEMALE > . Had a fun night with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler and Bri . Now it's time for bed . 
Getting ready for church . Then coming home to fold laundry and then going back to work on the Christmas program . 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > Smith Young , and < PROPFEMALE > carving and painting pumpkins with the kids . Now it's time for bed . 
ran 1 mile without stopping ... It felt so good , I stopped to stretch and then I ran another mile . It wasn't at a very fast pace , but it's something I've never done before ! Ever . Not even in gym class in high school . They let us walk the curves and run the straights . 
Finished sign language for the night . Now it's time for bed . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shook my hand ! And so did < PROPFIRST > Young ! Be jealous ! Had a great night with < PROPFEMALE > . Now it's time for bed . 
Cleaned out the car finally ! It no longer looks like I'm living out of it . Now I just need to finish cleaning and doing laundry and I'll be done . 
Sign language class and then I get to go home . 
not running at 100% today . It's going to be a long day . 
Just bought Hellboy and Hellboy 1 and 2 . For $6.42 . I love Hellboy ! Now it's Bunco time ! Wish me luck !!! 
Listening to the new < PROPFEMALE > CD and waiting for people to get here for play practice . God please give me < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Ready for the weekend !!! 3 days down , 2 to go . 
thinks it's time to go to bed ... Yes before 9pm . I guess I'm officially an old lady . 
Cleaning . I'm almost done my closets . I've still got to clean the bathroom and kitchen and I have some more laundry to do and I need to run to the laundromat to wash my comforter . Looks like the day won't be over anytime soon . 
has the munchies ... I think I'll just go to bed and not eat . ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Cannot believe Bristol is going on to the finals . What a waste . Loved < PROPMALE>'s shocked face when it was revealed thought . He knows the truth . Bristol doesn't belong there and < PROPFEMALE > shouldn't have been sent home . 
OK ... Now I'm really going to bed . 
Waiting for my last sign language class to start . 
Going to the store to pick up baking supplies so I can make some yummy desserts for dinner tomorrow night . 
One dessert done and cooling . One in the oven , almost done . That means two down , one to go . I just hope they taste good . 
finished all three desserts ... I hope everyone enjoys them tomorrow night . Now , I think I'm off to bed . I'm pretty sleepy . 
is probably not going to like what the scale shows on Wednesday ... :( ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
has not had the best week so far ... And it's only Monday . Let's see if Tuesday gets better . 
so happy Bristol didn't win ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! I am so thankful and blessed to have such great family and friends . Today is going to be a great day spent with some great people , and in a week , I'll be spending some much needed time with my family in NJ . I am truly blessed . 
Ok ... I got the new entertainment center put together , but I haven't put anything on it yet . I think I'll wait until tomorrow to do that . Tomorrow will just be a long day of cleaning and laundry . Then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Kilmer 
Finally got the tv and stuff on the new entertainment center . That tv is heavy ! Anyway , it all fits . Woohoo !!! Now it's time to start thinking about cleaning and running a few loads of laundry . I need to clean almost every room in the apartment . Scratch the almost . I need to clean every room in the apartment ... It's going to be a long couple of hours . 
Should be going to bed ... But instead , I'll be watching a Lifetime movie and crashing on the couch ... Need to fold my laundry tomorrow for serious . 
just had the best pizza pie in Kansas with < PROPFEMALE > Kilmer at Bartelli's . Tasted similar to Marcello's or < PROPFIRST>'s . 
getting ready for bed . 5:30 AM Bootcamp ! Woohoo ! Then home in 3 days !!!!! 
Almost finished packing then it's time for bed . Tomorrow , I'll be on my way to NJ !!! Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Kiernan , Puttachai Ratchasanmuang , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and all of my family and friends ! 
Still at the airport . Stupid faulty planes . 
Just got home from a night with some good friends . < PROPFEMALE>'s , scary seaside , WHITE CASTLE and good times . 
Going to bed for the last time in NJ . Leave for KS at 7:30 . 
getting on the plane on the way bacl to ks ... 
wishes that the airport people would clean up spills in a timely fashion so i don't fall and hurt my knee . 
just landed in Wichita . 
Just dropped off our Adopt a Family stuff . And now , to the weekend !!! Looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > Huhta , < PROPFEMALE > Wagner-Huhta , < PROPFEMALE > Ellison and everyone else . 
needs to stop watching Lifetime ... The commercials for the Craiglist Killer movie freak me out . 
just finished watching Marry Me on Lifetime ( seriously , that guy on the Craigslist Killer movie commercial is creepy and they showed it like 20 million times ) . Now it's time for bed . 5:30 am bootcamp , followed by a long day at work ( positive thinking ... it's snack day ! ) 
Not a huge fan of shovely < PROPFIRST > out in the parking lot . Not sure what he's picking up , but the scraping sound that the shovel makes on the blacktop gives me chills . 
Just finished a hard training session . Now it's time to relax with free unlimited bowling and gokarts . Yay ! 
had a nice time bowling with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . Kinda bummed that work called twice while we were there , but still had fun . 
just finished riding 12.82 mi . my legs feel like jello . 
going to the dentist and then heading to work ... 
I love waking up at 10:30 on a Saturday morning . Especially after napping most of Friday night . Now I'm refreshed and ready to take on housework . Once I finish breakfast . :) 
nowhere near done with housework , but my kitchen is 95% done , my bathroom is 75% done , and I finished one load of laundry , so I'm getting there . 
My fingers hurt . Learning to play the bass guitar is painful . 
is trying to get serious ... :p Not working yet . ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
2 hours of Castle ?!?!?! How lucky can a girl get ? 
Just finished wrapping presents . Now it's time to put everything away and relax . Btw - I love the scotch popup handband . It made wrapping so easy ! 
Not exactly how I planned on spending Christmas < PROPFEMALE > / Christmas day , but it's still good . I hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone had a good time with family and friends and hopes they remember the real reason for celebrating today . Happy Birthday Jesus ! 
Wishing I was back on the east coast getting snowed in but knowing if I was I'd be wishing to be in Kansas where it's dry . Stay safe east coasters and feel free to send a little snow our way . 
Wishes she never forgot anything ever . Well , some things , but not facts like scheduled doctors appointments . Otherwise she makes plans to help people and then realizes long after it's possible to find a replacement that she can't do it . I feel awful when I let people down . :( 
Just finished watching the episodes of 8 Simple Rules right after < PROPFIRST > Ritter died . Cried like a little baby . 
working on my playlist for the ride to KC tomorrow . Excited to see < PROPFEMALE > Ellison and family ! Hopefully , I will also get to see < PROPFEMALE > Denney and family . 
Just finished my workout . Now it's time to make some dinner and watch Castle . 
talking to < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler and getting ready for bed . Really looking forward to the last early morning bootcamp tomorrow . Then it's off to work I go . 
\For nothing is impossible with God . \ " http://read.ly/Luke1.37.NIV84 " 
I've got a ceiling fan ! Woohoo !!! 
super excited for Destiney < PROPMALE>'s bachelorette party ! 
had a great time at Destiney's bachelorette party . now it's time for bed . 
Going to bed after watching like 10 hours of Studio 60 with < PROPFEMALE > . What a great lazy Saturday . I'm still in my jammies . Even went to Blockbuster in them . 
Is in love with Studio 60 . Too bad there was only one season ! I wish every man could be like < PROPMALE > Tripp . Now I'm watching Sister Act and finishing up my laundry . 
I'm now a Capricorn ?! No wonder the horoscopes never were right . I was reading the wrong ones . This explains it !!!!! This , and the fact that it's a bunch of garbage . But still . 
super excited for Destiney < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Soyez's wedding tomorrow ! Gotta get up early to hit the gym and get some errands done before heading out to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Baking . At 7 on a Saturday morning . What is this world coming to ? 
Most of the baking is done . Just need to ice the cakes once they finish cooling . The living room is almost clean , as are the dining room and kitchen . Now it's on to the bathroom and bedroom ... ugh . 
Just got home from church and lunch with our new pastor and family . It was amazing to see so many people at our church . I'm very excited to see what God is planning for The Assembly . Now it's time to finish laundry so I can < PROPFEMALE > out with the young adults tonight . 
Had a fun night watching tv and playing bananagrams and some < PROPMALE > card game ( Dutch blitz I think ) with < PROPFEMALE > Sellers and her roommate . Now it's bedtime . Tomorrow morning will come very early . 
I hate rejection . Enough said . Now it's time to finish dinner ( ooh Special K ) and then clean out my car for the trip to Hutch tomorrow . Yay ! Super excited to see < PROPFEMALE > Ellison ! 
Got Studio 60 in the mail today ! Good times ! 
had a blast in Hutch with < PROPFEMALE > Ellison , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . Excited to see them again next weekend . 
\\" Ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . \ " http://read.ly/Matt7.7.NIV " 
450 calories down , 550 to go . I love DDR , though I may need to sit down for a few minutes . 
1.5 hours and 1003 calories later ... I'm pooped . Time to put a load of laundry in the wash and sit on my bum for the rest of the night ! Ooh ... and a bowl of Special K . 
Excited isn't the right word because it makes it sound like I can't wait to jump into the lake at Watson park tomorrow . I'm anticipating and anxious . I think those are better words . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , Destiney and < PROPFIRST > for a great night . Thanks Mom and Dad for having me . Thanks everyone for being amazing ! I'm truly blessed to have you all in my life ! 
Bummed that Bunco got rescheduled , but it's probably for the best . The weather is pretty crappy and I've got tons of laundry to do . Everyone stay safe and warm . 
So I got to Hobby Lobby , picked out the frames for our family Christmas pictures , went to the checkout counter to pay , and was reminded that I was at Hobby Lobby ... Meaning my < PROPFIRST>'s gift card would not work there . I felt like a complete idiot . So then I went to < PROPFIRST>'s and got everything I needed and saved almost $20 . All in all , a good night ... except the feeling like an idiot part . 
Sitting in Atlanta waiting to board the plane for Philly . I can put it up here now . The cat's out of the bag . Dad said Mom's surgery went well . Can't wait to see him tonight and her tomorrow . 
Still awake . At 2:30 am . Tomorrow ( today ) may be a long day . 
Just finished dinner with mom and dad . Mom is home and doing well . Thanks for all the prayers and well wishes . We all appreciate them . 
is on an impromptu visit to Oklahoma City . Let's see how this plays out . 
< PROPFEMALE > put us up in the Sheraton for the night . Sweet < PROPMALE > size bed and free shampoos and stuff . No acorns but I did see a fruit bowl . Score ! 
Just got the word ... Another 30 minutes . I'm starting to really dislike fog ! 
Finally back in my own bed . Don't get me wrong . The < PROPMALE > size bed at the Sheraton was amazing but it's good to be home ! Good night all . Tomorrow will be another long day . 
So sleepy . Sounds like it's bedtime . Hopefully when I wake up my entire body won't ache like it does now . 
Just got done a 12 mile ride around Wichita . I think it is shower and nap time . 
That’s why I urge you to pray for absolutely everything , ranging from small to large . Include everything as you embrace this God-life , and you’ll get God’s everything . http://bible.us/Mark11.24.MSG 
But the Master said , “You don’t need more faith . There is no ‘more’ or ‘less’ in faith . If you have a bare kernel of faith , say the size of a poppy seed , you could say to this sycamore tree , ‘Go jump in the lake , ’ and it would do it . http://bible.us/Luke17.6.MSG 
getting ready to go to the gym with Destiney Soyez . Then a Friends night with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler . And lunch tomorrow with Savanah Stansbury . So glad it's the weekend and I get to spend time with my friends . 
feels more human now that I've gotten my shower ... Just relaxing and getting some cleaning and laundry done before dinner with Savanah Stansbury . Then a nap before going into work at 5:30 tomorrow morning . Yuck . 
change of plans ... still having dinner with Savanah Stansbury , just not cleaning or doing laundry ... That sounds way better . 
had a blast at Winter Jam with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler and < PROPFEMALE > Slothower ! Can't wait for next year . Now it's time for bed ! And a cough drop . 
Could I BE any more tired ? 
just watched Return to Me with Destiney Soyez . Can't believe I've never seen this movie . It was so sweet ! A little sad , but sweet in the end . 
But if you’re not sure , if you notice that you are acting in ways inconsistent with what you believe—some days trying to impose your opinions on others , other days just trying to please them—then you know that you’re out of line . If the way you live isn’t consistent with what you believe , then it’s wrong . http://bible.us/Rom14.23.MSG 
Had a great time at the Abandon / Wavorly concert with < PROPFEMALE > Kilmer ! They rock ! 
so cute . so glad it worked out to have her over ! 
Just finished filing my taxes tonight . Not super exciting but so glad it's done . Now it's time for bed so I can get up and go to the gym . 
So , no trip to the gym this morning . I opted for more sleep . May still get a little bit more . Then it's time to start cleaning . Woo hoo ! 
Just got done at hr block . Now I get to go home and file an ammendment to my state taxes . I knew it was too good to be true . 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > Ellison at Laser Quest . Now it's time to go to bed so I can get up early for work and church . 
will possibly try to get some laundry put away ... maybe . Then it's off to Tarena Winkle's with < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler for night one of < PROPMALE > Ramsey's Financial Peace University 
tired ... I think it's going to be an early night . Thankfully Castle isn't new tonight , so I don't have to stay up to watch it . 
so much for my early night ... Doing some < PROPMALE > Ramsey homework . This is somewhat depressing . Ahhhhh ... I hate money management ! 
is feeling motivated . Let's see how far it goes . ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Redbox is the best - you can rent DVDs for $1 a night with no membership fees ! You should try it out . If you click on my link and it's your first time renting online , they'll give you a free one-night online rental credit . And I’ll get a free rental each time you rent via my link through 3/17/11 . http://redbox.tellapal.com/a/clk/KYr8B 
has had a fairly productive weekend so far . Bed cleared off , check ! Haircut , check ! Car cleaned out , check ! Curtains < PROPMALE > in bedroom , check ! Now it's time to get some laundry done and more than likely rearrange the living room . 
getting ready to leave for work . Scared myself this morning when my phone decided to set itself to Eastern time and I thought I was late , but all is well . I'm right on time . 
Just got my cable and Internet installed . Watching < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in forever ! I love having cable . 
Just got back from getting new shoes . Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > splints . And , yes . They are partially pink ! :) Now it's time to finish setting up my new DVR and then watching some good Thursday night comedies ! 
A little work , then cleaning and laundry . Sounds like an awesome Saturday . Super excited to see < PROPFEMALE > Green Singer and Mko tomorrow ! More excited about < PROPFEMALE > though . Definitely . :) 
Come on K State ! I'd really like to do well in my bracket , and you are a key factor in that at this point . 
Time to get up . It's going to be a long day , but a good one ! 
getting ready to leave for Emporia to pick up < PROPFEMALE > Green Singer and Mko ! 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > . Got our nails done , had yummy steak , got the duplicate keys fixed . Now it is time for bed . 
made my first blended concoction ... still trying to make up my mind if i like the strawberry , banana , orange protein smoothie ... 
Woo hoo ! U Conn won !!! Now it's time for bed . I'll check the rest of the games in the morning . I'm sleepy . 
Had fun tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and company at Club Rodeo . Now it's time for bed . Hopefully my ears won't be ringing when I wake up so I can enjoy quarter mania in the morning . 
The ringing in my ears has finally stopped . Now it's time for Quarter Mania at The Assembly At Goddard followed by a ton of cleaning before Mom and Dad get here ! It's going to be a good day ! 
Won a lot of great stuff at Quarter Mania at The Assembly At Goddard . Now it's time to get some cleaning done . Mom and Dad should be here around 6 or 7 . 
Almost done cleaning . Just a little laundry to finish . Mom and Dad are in Emporia so they should be here around 5:30 ish . Yay ! And then U Conn plays at 6p . Great day ! 
cannot believe KU lost or that it is snowing ! 
Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess , for he who promised is faithful . http://bible.us/Heb10.23.NIV 
Go WSU ! 2011 NIT Champs ! 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler shopping and then touring the Old Cowtown Museum ! Now it's time to get some work done . 
loving the light show going on out here . good job God . it's amazing ! 
ok minor revision . light show is beautiful . good job God ! could live with rain , hail and wind . 
Nighty night . I'm so sleepy . 
Getting ready for tonight . Very exciting stuff . 
I might be lobster red tomorrow , but I had a blast . Now it's time to clean up and relax . 
Ready to make this a great day . I'm thinking a run in SCP sounds great this afternoon . 
Had an awesome day today ! :) 
I really am so blessed to have such awesome friends ! 
Had an awesome night tonight . Actually , it's been an awesome week . And it just keeps getting ... awesomer . Off to bed ... Maybe . 
It's very possible that I am the happiest that I've ever been . I might even be the happiest girl in the world . I have a truly amazing God that loves me and wants me to be happy , an amazing family , the best friends anyone could ask for , and a super sweet boyfriend . I am so blessed ! 
relaxing before dancing tonight , then heading out to Cheney in the morning . 
Why is it that if I have an appointment at 3 and I'm 20 minutes late , I have to reschedule . But if I get there on time , I sit in the waiting room for at least 20 minutes ? 
so ready for the weekend !!!!! Youth/Young Adults Party with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Hartzler at Destiney Soyez and < PROPFIRST > Soyez's house , then skeet shooting tomorrow , out on the boat on Sunday , and up to KC to shop and to visit < PROPFEMALE > Denney and < PROPFEMALE > Green Singer ! This weekend it going to be epic ! 
I am so ready for the weekend . 
Hello weekend . I'm so glad to see you ! 
Mmmmm ... Enchiladas ! Thank you Winkles ! 
Not exactly sure how a car that was working two hours ago can suddenly stop working . But my car found a way . 
Next thing I knew , my donkey fell in your waffle hole ... Oh I love Shrek ! 
Just finished eating dinner and ate waaaaaayyy too much . So of course it's time to jump and dance ! 
So ready for bed and it's not even 7 pm . I AM an old lady ! 
Walt's for lunch ? I think so ! 
So angry at at&t ... They accidentally canceled my internet at the beginning of june and then charged me to set it back up again 
I hate exercising so much ! 22:15 to go ... 
Moving day . If anyone is bored and wants to help , give me a call 
Moving is mostly done ... Tomorrow will consist of unpacking ... Followed by a 3 hour drive ... It's a good thing I got to spend the day with good friends . Otherwise this weekend would have been awful . 
on the road again ... 
On the road back from Table Rock with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Can't wait to get home and go to bed . So sleepy ! 
Just had amazing bbq at Cox farm thanks to < PROPFIRST > , Destiney , and < PROPFIRST > Soyez . Everyone should go there . Right now ! 
Dude yo . My foot hurts . Here's a smart idea : don't wear flip flops in a construction zone and watch where you are walking . Yay for a surprise tetanus shot a few months ago . 
Soaking my foot in Epsom salt ... so boring ... 
99.9% unpacked . Just a little laundry left to put away . Then it's home sweet home . 
Yay blood work ... I feel bad because they call you in really quick for lab stuff and there are people who have been here for a lot longer than me . I always think they're mad at me . 
Oh how I love working on sunday mornings . But only at 6am . Otherwise it's not worth it . 
2 days until vacation !!! Yay ! I'm very much looking forward to seeing my family and having them meet < PROPMALE > ! 
Waiting for < PROPMALE>'s flight to land in Philly . Let our vacation begin ! 
Reformatting the hard drive so I can reinstall my operating system and actually use my laptop again . 
No laptop ready tonight . Hit a glitch . We shall see what tomorrow brings . For now , bed time . 
Any adventurous seamstresses out there up for a challenge ? 
I survived my first and only 50K . time for an ice pack and a nap . Owwww . 
So instead of an ice pack and a nap , this afternoon was spent doing demolition at < PROPMALE>'s house . 
Wow ! So that's what rain is like . 
Juicy cantaloupe , carrots and rotisserie chicken for dinner . Delicious ! 
Getting ready to head to the state fair ... Yay . 
Celebrated out engagement the best way possible ... At the Bullet Stop . 
Learning how to be a safe < PROPMALE > 
3 mile run to the gym + 1 mile warmup at the gym + 1 hour training session = me about to die ... But believe you me , my weight was down today . Now it's time for dinner and Castle ! 
Feeling much less like death tonight ... Ready for bed . Yay for another training session tomorrow ... Not . 
Power on , power off . Power on , power off . Electrical work is fun stuff . 
So sleepy . Time for b < PROPMALE > . Plans for tomorrow : hunters < PROPMALE > shooting test , then working on the house . Yay . 
Getting ready to go to the dump for the first time ever . Not the most exciting thing to do at 8am on a saturday . 
So excited to be on my way to work . 
Today , I'm happy to be celebrating 6 months with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . I love you < PROPMALE > ! <3 
I really used to love my phone ... Until the latest update . Now it won't hold a charge . What I'm trying to say is if you call or text , I probably won't answer . 
Having a hard time getting motivated today . :( 
On the road to < PROPMALE > , KS for a Dollies performance . 
Had fun hanging out with < PROPMALE>'s family this afternoon followed by the Parade of Homes . Now its time for baking and yummy dinner . 
Well , no luck trading in my junky lg optimus for a brand new iphone . Surprise ! But at least they're \fixing\ " it so it will keep a charge . Now I'm looking forward to dancing tonight then heading to the shooting range in Cheney tomorrow . " 
Trying to remember how to two step 
I feel miserable so I'm laying on the couch while < PROPMALE > makes dinner . 
I'm thinking it's bedtime . 6am will come very soon . 
Getting ready to have brunch with some great ladies followed by a run and then helping out with siding ... Maybe . :) 
Bartelli's Pizza ... A little taste of home . :) 
I'm determined to make today a good day . 
How sad is this ? I'm waiting for quite possibly the greatest invention ever , pizza , to come out of the oven and the thought of eating it is making me sick . Where did the pizza loving fat kid go ? 
Yummy food 
So tired . I'm thinking nap time is in order . 
Finished my first 5K in under 35 minutes and I ran the whole thing ! Now I suspicion this means Ladena and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > won't believe me when I say I can't run . Bummer . 
