Happy New Year ! 

Doing nothing . I've seen maybe 5 people total today . Jas things zombies ate the rest 
Full 
I can't kidnap anymore today :( 
Getting to know people 
I want to go visit the ducks , but we have to do more bonding stuff . 
I'm so tired . I think I'll laze around and ' nap people 
I'm home and happy 
I'm sick and feeling home sick * sigh * 
Yay ! Going home ! 
We got fish ! We had them for maybe 30 minutes and mine is already dead . How sad is that :( 
is going home for Fall Break 
Happy birthday to me 
did awesome on her speech 
Made it home . Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE>'s performance ! 
< PROPFIRST > liked his birthday present 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is not feeling good 
So glad it's the weekend 
Yeah good job Facebook . Real good job . 
Fencing was so much fun today . I scored a point ! * squeal moment * 
Went to Survivor Sweetheart Breakfast . Had a blast ! 
should be working but isn't 
Made a 100 on her Economics test ! 
I am bothering < PROPFEMALE > while she tries to read 
stepped on 3 trees 
They lost the master key to our apartment complex . So our lock , totally pointless . We moved the table in front of the door lol . That'll keep ' em out . 
First day back to school ! 
I'm tired 
I'm being driven crazy . Though it wasn't that long of a drive to begin with 
I ate too many gummi worms . Ugh 
I want to watch Due Date 
Going home this weekend . Gonna terrorize the family ! XD 
Saw the Matchmaker . It was hilarious ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
* armflail * 
I think I just made an enemy ... great . 
The Mocktail Party was pretty awesome . Had tons of fun dancing and laughing 
I seriously hate watching sports . 3 and 1/2 hours of my life completely wasted . 
< PROPFEMALE > is banned from the kitchen 
I got the last oreos . Bwahaha ! 
Butterscotch pudding . Mmmmm . 
\I've always been crazy . It keeps me from going insane . \"" 
Just got to the 5th < PROPFEMALE > of my paper ! Just gotta edit , fill in a chart , and then start my next paper ... I don't wanna do another paper . 
Ugh . Ate too much . 
What a blustery day . 
Almost threw my water onto the stove thinking it was the sink . O.o 
Grr . Picma 2 is difficult . 
So , apparently I sleep walk . 
So I was watching AFV while eating a peanut butter sandwich , when suddenly the guy on it told me to put down my peanut butter sandwich and make a video ... I changed the channel and ate my sandwich . 
