Have a HAppy , safe , Prosperous , Blessing Filled NEw Year to all my family & Fiends I love yall more than words can say , especially those who have touched my life and kept me and family in their thoughts and prayers I LOVE LOVE YALL !!!!!!!! 

TIRED AS ALL GET OUT . BOUT TO GOT TO SLEEP . DUECES FB . 
I am also pissed bcuz i am blocked in . guess i no laundry mat today . wtf 
keonia & < PROPFEMALE > both r rere dumb dumbs . they lost the dam keys nd im stuck @ home blocked in . WTF 
Not feelin good right now .... gonna lay down nd hope i feel better . 
mad as hell . gotta go back to work tomorrow . oh well , its a job . 
been home 4 about 2 1/2 hrs . I don't know where else a job lyas u off for a week n then sends u home after 4 1/2 hours . I do . 
Just gettin up this morning and happy that I don't have to work today . Although that is money I could have been making . But its not my fault blame it on my employer .... It looks like its goin to be a nice day . yay for me :) 
Haven't got a call about work yet . guess its back to work 2morrow .... went out satuday seen a fight .. y dont ppl knw how 2 act outside . 
TO ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS WHO ARE ATTENDING THE REUNION PLEASE GOTO MY PROFILE AND LOOK UNDER NOTES TO VIEW THE REUNION LETTER . SORRY FOR LETTING YOU ALL KNOW SO LATE . LOVE YOU 
bouit to lay it down , gotta get up to get kids to school .. now its nap tie before work ... dueces FB 
tyrin it again ... cant spell brain shuttin down(lol ) .. sleepytime b4 work .. dueces FB 
got off early tonite , but just made it home . feet hurt like hell but its money . M.O.M ( money over men ) 
HAppy Birthday TuTu .. AKA CA'MARI aka LIL MZ . COOGI aka LIL MZ . BADASS aka BIPPY'S BABY . Well u know she my spoiled baby nd on her bday she gets whateva she wants . HAppy 3rd Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Babii . bippy loves u :) 
ITS ALL ABOUT TUTU NOT ALL THEM EXTRA PEOPLE U DONE NAMED < PROPFEMALE > 
About to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s party . See u there . 
had nice time @ < PROPFEMALE>'s party . Hope she partied til her feet hurt . Happy early bday < PROPFEMALE > (the way < PROPMALE > says it LOL ) c-ya monday . 
gettin tired of tryin to be a rock for everybody who gone be my rock and catch me if or when i fall ? 
On my way to church . I need him now more than ever . Thank Jesus for the blessings yet to be released .. have a BLESSED day FB fam . 
Home from church . Great message today \Know GOD\ " . I know him now I'm tryin to get closer because he knows I need him . Kids tried to work my nerves at church of all places .. so pray for me and my family .. be blessed FB fam . " 
I think Iate too much 2day .. but it was fire .. homemade banana pudding , ribs , chicken , potatoe salad , etc .. got wet with the kids and Mr. Fricks dumped 3 buckets of water on my head but I got him back ... U have to luv family .. next BBQ june 28th my B-DAY , yeah !!!! Luvin my fam . nd God . 
Is the lil midget mama on FB .. where u at ? 
If anyone gets a message from me saying watch this video don't open it . I didn't send it and it could be a virus . 
God has called another one of his soldiers home ... Rest In Peace Clea < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - My TiTi you are always loved and will be greatly missed ... your sweet hugs and precious voice and words are what I will miss most .. LOVE YOU and tell Granny < PROPFEMALE > I LOVE HER TOO . ] :( 
9 hours 57 < PROPFEMALE > . and 40 ... 39 .... 37 ..... seconds til its official ...... we gone get it in tomorrow 
THANKS EVERYBODY .... WE BOUGHT TO GET IT IN ... GOOD FOOD , PEOPLE AND DRINKS .... LET'S DO THIS ..... YEEEEAAAAAH ME LOL ... I LUV ALL YALL !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
party has been relocated to my house . 
party has been relocated to my house 
OMG .. had aball last night .. thank u to everybody who came ... i think i had TOO much fun .. woke up with a little head ache , thanks to my brother and Jarrita for the 5th of HEn and the Moet . We gone do it again next year ... Luv Yall 
My day has just officially sicked rocks . Pissed off royally . I aint cookin today . Maybe 2morrow . yall enjoy yall 4th and i'll try to stay sane . 
I just got done talkin with my oldest friend . ( SHe older than me even if it is by only 2 days LOL ) It was like we have never been apart . When you have a friendship that has lasted 20 yrs . then that is something that u hold on to . And we really go way back like 4 flats on a cadillac . It's a blessing to have REAL friends that know you as much as any family does . BFF's 4Life(Crystal < PROPFIRST > ) 
Family Reunion 8 days away can't wait for it to come and go . For real doe , can't wait to see my family and have fun . C yall all next week . 
I enjoyed everybody that came out to the reunion . Had fun but glad its over , bout to sleep for a couple days it really stressed me out at the end . I love my family including the one's that couldn't make it ..... LUV YALL , CYA NEXT YEAR IN ST . < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired ... 2b cont . 
is up too doggone early . Get Dauris to school and take me an a nap before the grind of life catches up . 
QUESTION FOR ALL MY FB FAM AND FRIENDS : Do you ever think that if you decided to start a career or apply to a university that they would look you up on facebook and see all the BS taht you put on yopur statues ? Just wondring bcuz some of this stuff is soooo high school . Let me rephase that SOOOOOOOOO MIDDLE SCHOOL . Just a little food for thought . 
Dueces fb got classes in a few .. 
To all my family and friends I need some prayer warriors ... I'want to move and I need some favor from God . I need yall to pray that I get this new house and pray for me and my family and I will do the same . LOVE YALL 
Made it home from school early so I caught the end of < PROPFIRST > football game . A tough lose for the boys , 48-42 . I saw it for my own eyes . West defense popped a boy in mid air and knocked the ball out of his hands , West then caught the free ball and was stopped by the Ref who said it wasn't a fumble . If a ball is knocked loose before a player is stopped or a dead ball is called that is a fumble , right ? Let me know fb . 
you like in no at 
Been up all night studying for these two tests and reports I have to do on Wednesday . PAssed my World Religions test with a 86.3% . Focusing on my education so I can be arole model for my fam .. Head in the books , hands in the sky , I'm going to do all things because through him all things are possible . SN : Still on that praising his name and giving him the < PROPFEMALE > he deserves AMEN . 
is extremely emotional and sad at 1:35 in the morning . Was trying to go to sleep and started missing my Granny . When it is quiet that is when I miss her the most . Can't stop crying . I want my granny really bad . I MISS YOU GRANNY > Rest In Peace < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 1/5/48-3/21/2007 
Question : why do people feel the need to have a fb \beef\ " or air problems they have with somebody on fb rather than talkin to that person face to face ? Just a thought I just had after reading alot of my \ " most recent\ " posts .. It's gettin old and Once again yall aint the only ones on here . IF U EVER WANT TO BE BETTER IN LIFE AND HAVE A CAREER < I SUGGEST THAT YOU GROW UP AND STOP THE FOOLISHNESS .. EXTRA FOOD FOR THOUGHT " 
Was thinking about all the friends I have that actually will be there if a need ever arise . CAN THINK OF TWO . Crystal Alexander : friend since 6th grade-19yrs . my longest Bestie . And < PROPFEMALE > Johnson-a friend for 5yrs . she was \adopted\ " into the fam by Granny < PROPFEMALE > ( LOL ) and the food ( LMAO < PROPFEMALE > ) she is always offering a shoulder or ear to listen . Thank yall nd from the bottom of my heart Love yall . " 
Just finished my bio lab practical & i hope i passed 
Full as ever and bout to go back to sleep .. Hand a bangin diner : dressing , baked chicken , candied yams , cabbage , potatoe salad , sweet potatoe pie , deviled eggs , and egg pie .. and yes I cooked it all , thanks to my Granny < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I can cook like a cha , p .. believe that ... Love yall fam for coming over .. GN 
Give me another couple years and I'll be cookin like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) Roast w/ carots , potatoes , onions and celery , Sweet potatoes , cabbage , greens , cornbread , and Peach cobbler & ice cream --- lord I think I ate too much & it was bangin a stack .. what yall know bout that , let me know fb .. love yall 
is about to get off facebook so I can finsh this humanities paper . Can slow down now , too close to the finish line !! 
is tired and sleepy form sitting for so long .. finally got my hair finished .. whew ! thanks to my cuz creacia .. sn : gotta go to sleep , got a class in the morniing and I gotta finish this paper . Goodnite all ) D 
is tired as heck from driving from Hickman , KY to Rockford , and still gotta type this 5 < PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > paper before 4:30 pm tomorrow . SN : Had a great thanksgiving wit the fam downsouth and got to see my lil brother , will do anything for him and my other siblings and fam in general .. love u to all my fam in KY , WI , FL , TN , < PROPMALE > , IL , LA , HI , And everybody that I missed . 
is about to go to sleep after finishing this research paper , 1 down 1 to go .. SN : also pissed off at how family can be so messed up and lie to u like its nothin .. U know I try to help family out and they just throw it back in my face , I am not one of ur friends or the lil girls u be tryin to go ham on on FB or in the streets . I guess I know who I can truly trust and who not to . 
is tired of writing research papers .. UUGGHHH .. y do professors wait til the end of the semester to give u paper assignments and it seem like they all in it together bcuz 4 of my profs assigned papers that are due this week .. UGHHHH . can't wait til graduation MAY 2011 here I come .. SN : gotta a headache from all this reading and typing , so I took alil break to surf the net . 
is wondering what I miss . Bcuz I login ND EVERYBODY GOT CARTOON S AS THEIR PROFILE PICK .. DID I MISS THE MEMO .. LOL 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook till Monday , December 6th . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status\ 
to invite your friends to do the ... sameSee More 
is happy and releived that my last day of classes ws today and all I have to worry about now is passing my finals . YAY :) 
went to church and the message for today was : RELATE , RELAX , RELEASE .. SN : I need to release some of these people in my life that is not helping me but holding me back , thabk u Jesus .. LBVS 
is sleepy and bout to take a nap 
what is wrong with RPS District 205 .. its too doggone cold for these kids to be standing outside waiting on a bus ... poor babies freezing to death 
is studying for these two finals today , BIO LAb and World Religions , and having faith in God that I remember everything , then only one left on Saturday and off for a month yay me ! 
finally made it back homw form these two finals , i think I passed , now all that's left is my humanities final on Saturday , botu to start studying in a minute , I hope .. SN : got my world religions paper back and got 91% yay ! 
Checked my grades yesterday and passed all my classes with a 3.92 GPA and now I'mmore motivated than ever to succeed , I'm doing all for u Granny < PROPFEMALE > ** < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 1/2/48-3/21/2007***She is my motivation .... SN : finally started wrapping all these Xmas presents and I think I went a little overboard this year , they better start appreciating me or next year aint nobody gettin nothing 
is sleepy and thinking about this christmas dinner Im about to start cookin tomorrow ; turkey , pies , cakes , and my ingredients for my dressing and potatoe salad will all be done tomorrow . Can't cook it all bcuz i got big boys and a mama that will be eatin the stuff before time .. Sn : gonna need all my rest for so I don't be cookin on Christmas ... Merry Christmas to my Buchanan descendents and the rest of the facebook fam 
is sleepy as ever and tiiiied .. well the best layed plans sometimes aren't followe through . I started cooking last night , got the pecan pies done , the potatoe salad done , 2 cakes done , my dressing is ready to be mixed and the turkey will be done shortly .. so later when I get up all I have to do is put the dressing in the oven and the sweet potatoe pies .. 
is full and bout to lay it down .. HAD fun with the family today , ate good , and tried to whoop some butt in UNO , what yall know bout that .. Mr. < PROPMALE > Fricks , Sr. had me dying over here , gotta love the Family .. night night all 
ON this day in 1948 God sent an angel to our family . The angel was my Grandmother < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . And on this day I will remember and honor her for all the things she has done and meant to alot of people , Especially Me . She was the strongest , most caring , giving and beautiful woman I know and she is and will be forever missed . HAPPY BIRTHDAY Granny < PROPFEMALE > and I LOVE U MORE THAN ANYONE will ever know 1/5/1948-3/21/2007 
Is done with the drama from family and friends , bcuz life is too short and I have too many things I want to accomplish and dealing wit other people's mess is not one of them . If u are not helping me ur hendering me and that aint happening .. Like Granny < PROPFEMALE > would say \HECKY NAW\ " .. SN : had a great time wit the fam yesterday celebrating my Granny's bday . I Love my family it was a drama free day . " 
Is done with the drama from family and friends , bcuz life is too short and I have too many things I want to accomplish and dealing wit other people's mess is not one of them . If u are not helping me ur hendering me and that aint happening ... SN : I am so focused on my education I can't see nothing but books and money .. GRaduation May 20 , 2011 here I come !!!!!!!!! 
is bout to go to bed because I got my first class in morning . GN facebook . ** Is done with the drama from family and friends , bcuz life is too short and I have too many things I want to accomplish and dealing wit other people's mess is not one of them . If u are not helping me ur hendering me and that aint happening . ** 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > sang that song !!!!! Gave me the chills . AMEN 
No class in the morning ( like I was going anyway , them ppl crazy ) .. but ne ways got stuck 3 times and still stuck 3 blocks from my house UGGHHHHHH !!! gotta get towed home and off to sleep I go .. doggone snow make me sick . 
Is tired of gettin treated wrong by ppl(they hould know who they r but if they don't I'll tell them if they ask ) as much as I do for ppl and then for them to try and play me . So if I stop being like my granny them I guess they'll find out what its like to NOT always someone to count on .. I still LOVE my family !! 
I been sitting here thinkin , somebody told me I had favorites in the family . UUMMM I do their names are JAmes , Dauris , < PROPFEMALE > , Pooka , Camaya , DuDude , daMya , Macmac , and MY MISS TUTU aka CAMARI(that's my boo , besides the previously named ) . But to say I have favs is so random , especially when if anybody asks me for anything I give it to them if I can .. 
what is wrong wit Usher ???? He cant sing and dance at the same time .. sound like he runnin out of breath 
i LOVE this song !! I am a lover of all genres of music :) 
WTF thats all i gotta say BUT love the song 
is sleeeeepy and ready to go home BUT I'm sittin in class waitin for the teacher to come :( 
is finally done with women's lit himework now I gotta quiz , test , and paper due tomorrow .. guess im going to bed NOW . GN FB 
is up too early in the morning and thinking about playing hooky today . 
is sayin SSHHHHHH .. don't tell NOOOBODY I skipped school ! LMAO 
is tired and sleepy but a song got in my head and made me think .. I sing because I'm happy , I sing because I'm free , his eye is on the sparrow and I know he watches me .. also wishing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > or Vitor < PROPMALE > , Jr could sing it fog me right now .. Love to hear them to men sing .. SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW !! 
is sleepy as hell and Dude dude still woke talkin bout he hungry .. made him some soup w/ sugar and hotsauce in it(idk whats wrong wit creacia's kids ) and he betta go to sleep or he'll be up by himself . 
is watching Basketball wives reunion and eatin pizza . 
is tired and sleepy as hell . Just got home from seeing my Lil Big Brother < PROPMALE > , LOVE HIM TO DEATH and had to drive 17hrs roundtrip .. SN : if u call me and I don't answer u better believe I am sleep . 
4yrs . ago on March 21 , 2007 God picked one of his rarest flowers . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was called home to be with her heavenly father , her mother , dad , sisters , brothers , and son ; and even though I miss her with everything I am , I'm glad that all her suffering and heartaches are over . I do truly love and miss you MY GRANNY < PROPFEMALE > but God loves u more . RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 1/5/1948-3/21/2007 
Blueberry 
is up too early studying for my midterm that I have in less than 2hrs ... TOO close toquit now . SN : thanks < PROPFEMALE > for callin to check up on me . I'm doing okay . LOVE YA bestie . 
is going to bed .. had a good time talkin to my bff and catchin up . You know its good when u can talk to ur friend that u been knowing for 18+yrs and they can understand where u comin from . Gotta love REAL friends !! 
is up early . Gotta take a test today , type up my homework for tomorrow , and give my money away to these ppl who say I got bills to pay ( LOL ) ... SN : 50days and counting to GRADUATION YAY !! ~_~ 
46 Days .... Til Graduation . Gotta stay focused . SN : Thanking God for his continued blessings . 
went to NIU yesterday for orientation and register for fall classes . Can't wait for the next phase of my life to begin . SN : Gonna go to Grandaddy house for a BBQ .... 41 days til graduation !!!!! 
40 days til gradyation . SN:I'm not beautiful or gorgeous . I\ 
haven't got an amazing figure or a flat stomach . I'm far from being considered model material but I'm me . I eat junk food and love to wear my PJ's and no make-up around the house I'm random and crazy . And I don't pretend to be ... someone I'm not . I am who I am , love me or not I can't change ME !! Ladies put this as your status if you're proud of who you are . 
Don't be a woman who needs a man ... Be the woman a man needs ... Because every woman is worth fighting for ... But not every man is worth you ... 
Is still at the hospital with my lil booboo dauris . He broke his femur bone :-( but he was a real trooper hope we go home tomorrow .. sn : i Love my fan & 33 days til graduation 8-) 
finally made it home from the hospital wit Dauris . HE's doin good so far and they gave him a little < PROPMALE > like the elderly , he look so cute pushing it around :) LOL .. He's goona be okay but I don't know if I'll be when this is all over . PRay for me yall(LBVS) !!.. SN : I'm goin to get his mama next week so I can stay on top of my classes bcuz .. 31 DAYS TIL GRADUATION !!!! 
Wishing my lil Mrz Perfect a a HAppy Birthday- Happy B-Day Terrica < PROPFIRST > 
is happy that Dauris is doin and gettin better everyday . Thanks everyone for your concern and get well wishes ... SN : still lovin my fam and 30 days til GRADUATION ... invitations comin soon !!! 
Picked up my cap and gown today , my tix , and my invitations . SOOOOO EXCITED !!!! 15 days til graduation !!!! 
