I was just telling a friend .. Our lives are for us to create , no one can give it to us or take it away unless we give it to them . As we think about the new year think about what you WANT to create ... because it is up to you to create your life and it is meant to be a life filled with abundance ! 

Isn't it amazing how we wonder at times how am I going to keep doing this and then we make one more connection and contribute to another's life and then I get reminded again what it is that I am doing .. Contributing to as many peoples life's as possible ! 
Hosting an Efusjon event in Temecula ! Lots of peole are excited about making some money . www.myefusjon.com/nextlevel 
< PROPFEMALE > tired and so grateful to everyone for the out pouring of thoughts and prayers for < PROPMALE>'s my husband , heart procedure tomorrow . I am going to sleep and be back at the hospital tomorrow ! Very grateful and thankful !! 
Going to sleep again with the same message of last night ... Grateful heart and a faithful mind for God is in control now with < PROPMALE>'s surgery ! Thanks to all for your support and prayers .. Good night ! 
feeling very anxious this morning as I wait to hear where they are going to take < PROPMALE > for his angiogram . The waiting part is the worst . The house feels so quite .... Cant concentrate on much work .. 
so thankful for my husband < PROPMALE > being back home ! Now it is business and usual ! Loving helping Realtors navigate thru every corner in Real Estate and right now there seem to be some sharp turns to overcome .. But with persaverance and some great tips it is 
getting ready to do our Team Next Level meeting and group coaching for Realtors .. Great impact for getting more money selling Real Estate ! I share all the secrets ! email me at wendy@nextlevel4success.com 
over and over again it always boils down to the relationships you make and thiose you < PROPMALE > .. I am loving being a Realtor right now becuase of the realationships I have made . We are putting deals together even when I am up againt 20+ offers .. I can te 
looking forward to relaxing by by the pool with friends and writing up an offer on a home that has multiple offers on it already and it has been on the market 1 day .. Enjoy your freedom everyone ! 
Going home after showing property and gently beating up a seller on price .. I cant wait for the banks to release more inventory . Thank goodness I have so many great relationships with so many REO listing agents who will work with me . I am blessed ! 
The more and more I hear from Real Estate pro < PROPFEMALE > ssionals and asset managers the more I am believing that we as Realtors need to be educating our sellers and buyers that this market is changing .. Watch and see standard sales will be increasing this next < PROPFEMALE > 
What do you really think would solve the worlds problems right now ? 
Getting ready for my group coaching class .. I have some new insights to share for my Realtors and some new listings yeah ! 
Could not go to sleep last night .. my mind was filled with worries . Then I remembered my biggest responsibility is love .. Go and love and support as many people as possible and the rest will follow . How come we so easily forget that ? Now if I could jus 
Wish I could get over this flu ! It seems to be just hanging on . Maybe my lesson is to stop fighting it and let it go and rest . Why is that sooo hard to do ? 
It is official now every person in my family has now had the flu .. We should be done now !!!! So on to the plans for the weekend , and celebrating 2 very special peoples birthdays ! 
healing and taking some time out for myself today ... 
I am so grateful for dear friends and family ! They give a soft pillow to rest and cry on !! 
Scheduling plane tickets to go see my Dad in Hawaii .. It has been too long since I have been there .. Cant wait ! 
Lokking forward to a day of moving forward ! Thats the one of the most important things .. 2 choices in life : live in abundance or hide in fear . I choose live in abundance ! Thank you to all the friends and family who make that choice a lot easier ! 
Going to a Cabi clothes party at friends house .. looking forward to having some fun ! 
i am bumbling around an empty house this morning trying to decide what to do next .. Maybe I will just start with a cup of coffee and see what happens .. 
enjoying a cup of coffee then getting ready for my Real Estate Group couching ! Lots to share for even greater success ! 
Getting ready for my dear friend < PROPMALE > Rolling to come and clean the carpets in my house ! Yeah ! Then off to the office to crank out 2 escrows so I can get paid ! Want more pay checks Realtors .. I can help ! 
going home now ! Done with work . Going to open a bottle of wine and sit by my pool and relax in a very quite home .. Life is good .... 
Going to show a buyer some homes ! Very confident I will find them something ! Love all the friends and connections I have that allows me to have an easier time in this market ! Thanks to everyone for their support ! It makes me love my job even more ! 
Had my cup of coffee now on to submiting the 4 offers I wrote yesterday for one buyer . We will get one of them accepted ! Thinking about doing an open house today .. 
Working on a counter offer for my clients .. I am determined to get them a home . I will pull all strings to do it and I do it gladly . It wasnt always that way .. I have had to embrace this market for what it is and run with it . Now I love the challenge of being one of the view to succeed and help people find a home ! 
Looking forward to picking up a py check today ! Cant wait to see more of them ! Enjoying the last days of summer with my girls ! Enjoy your day everyone ! 
So excited just got another buyer a home ! They were working with another agent for months . They wrote over 20 offer . I got them something the first day out ! It is so rewarding to help ! Love the conncections ! Going to enjoy a beach day then back to showing property tomorrow ! Life is good ! 
Preparing for my Mentorship coaching meeting today ! I am so amazed by the Realtors I have the pleasure of mentoring they extraordinary people I feel so privileged to mentor them in this amazing time in Real Estate ! 
exhausted an going to bed .. Girls back to school this week , did 2 realtor trainings this week so far , opened up a new escrow ... no wonder I am tired .. Good night all . Don't forget to visualize your life the way you want it as you go to sleep tonight ! 
Drinking a cup of coffee , then going to have a good work out before I do an open house in Temecula . Pool home on the golf course in RedHawk it is gorgous ! Enjoy your day everyone ! You will never have another on of today come again ! 
looking forward to lunch with my great mentor and friend ! Then to the office for some paperwork . Looking forward to all the day may bring ! 
Geting ready for open house tomorrow on a pre-list in the wine country .. Gorgeous home was listed at 1.7 milion now may be listed at $ 600,000 .. Email me at wwhitelaw10@gmail.com if you want more information ! 
Now off to take my girls to a movie and some popcorn .. I just go to the movies for the popcorn :) 
Soooo excited to be heading to my Dads house in Hawaii .. Packing and getting things ready . I will miss my girls and my agents .. Dont worry agents I still will be answering my phone just remember the 3 hour time difffernce :) 
One more day of vacation here at my dad's house in Hawaii .. I always have mixed feelings about coming home . Anxious to see my girls and friends , but love being able to just relax with no where I have to be and enjoying Dad and Hawaii .. Well at least I have Thanksgiving to look forward to .. 
Up late and not sleepy but exhausted at the same time . I am so excited about my new endevour ! I am so grateful for Gods hand on my dream . It confirms that it is in fact his as well .. Now to make it all happen ! Thru him all things are possible ! 
Making my move over to Realty World today ! I will miss my agents from my other office but I am so excited about what I am going to create for the new agents I am working with ! I feel < PROPFEMALE > blessed to be able to create a Real Estate office that will truly be able to help every agent be successful beyond their own dreams !!! 
Feeling so blessed and grateful to be living a life that many dream and wish for ! I have health , wonderful children , great friends and a job I now love ! What more can you ask for .. God is amazing ! 
I am looking for some very good Real Estate agents who are wanting a change and get the support they need so they can make the money they want ! Or some agents who want to get their Real Estate license we will pay for your license ! Email me at wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Looking forward to the training I am going to do this morning for my agents ! I will be teaching them what asset managers and bank owned listing agents are looking for so that they want to accept your offer in this very competitive market this means more money ! 
If you want the rainbow , you must put up with the rain . D . Parton 
I know the principle of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. also the idea you can not have good with out the bad .. Why then am I always so frustrated and surprised when I get the bad or the challanges . Why isnt human nature used to the ups and downs by now . Why is it in my nature to only want the good ? I am sure I am not the only one ????????? 
I am blessed !!!! 
Today I go out and face my giants ! Loving and adding value in as many lives as I can . Concentrating on the things I can do and letting go of what I can not ! Again it is all about balance ! Looking forward to seeing my Dad later today ! 
Today is a day of mixed emotions ! Starting it by training the agents at Realty world to stand in their value as Realtors ! Then off to a funeral for a beautiful women whos life ended before it was supposed to ... 
Through God all things are possible .. I am claiming that now while I am on hold with B of < PROPFEMALE > with a $ issue !!!! 
Looking for some amazing Real Estate agents who want an environment that will feed them and help them earn the money they are looking for ! email me for more information at wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Looking for real estate agents who can be listing managers for listings . Email me if you want to schedule an interview wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
One that would have the Fruit MUST climb the Tree ! < PROPFIRST > Fuller 
We are all the kind of people who can achieve anything regardless of how high we set our sights . If you adopt some authentic optimism and faith in your situation , you can make some changes and accept some challenges at the deepest emotional levels . This is where the real work begins , WITHIN YOU , and the changes that result are the kind that last a lifetime . Go out today and make changes for a lifetime ! 
Love going to bed feeling exhausted and fullfilled from a good day at work ! I am so incredibly thankful for all that I have and all the support of my family and friends .. You know who you are :) 
Time to leave the office and go home ! I could stay here forever and not get everything done ! Tomorrow is a new day ! 
I have this restless feeling like something BIG is happening ! I wonder what it will be ! I know this is where I must remember to enjoy every moment or I will miss it ..... 
ok leaving the office now . Trying to decide if I should meet my sister and some friends at the < PROPMALE > Run her in Temecula .. I hate large crowds and traffic . Now I just sound like an old fuddy duddy .. 
Going to a wine bar for a drink with a friend . Getting my self \out there\ " . So I can not call myself a fuddy duddy or have anyone else call me that either .. :) " 
It is sad to me how many people do not know the truth about short sales and foreclosures .. It is sadder to me when I hear that the misinformation is coming from another Real Estate professional . Some may not even know what they do not know .. Knowledge with action is very key to having success ! Make sure you are getting the right knowledge . If you want to make sure join our team .. wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Wow the mind has some very unusual ways of working things out . Sometimes I wonder who I really am after I wake up remembering some very strange con-jointed dreams . They were such a strange blend of so many different people and way strong emotions . I hope my subconscious mind worked it all out because I have not clue what they were all about .. 
Was at an incredible seminar today certifying me to work with individuals who are going thru a divorce ! Wish I would have known this when I went thru mine . Every person who is going thru a divorce deserves to learn the information I learned today . Email me if you want more info wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
“This is my wish for you : Comfort on difficult days , smiles when sadness intrudes , rainbows to follow the clouds , laughter to kiss your lips , sunsets to warm your heart , hugs when spirits sag , beauty for your eyes to see , friendships to brighten your being , faith so that you can believe , confidence for when you doubt , courage to know yourself , < PROPFEMALE > to accept the truth , Love to complete your life . ” 
As I was going to bed last night I was feeling alone and overwhelmed . I was asking God to help ... I heard my phone beep , I had a text .. It said : \Yes you can ! Stop whining my ears hurt from here . Take it a step at a time . What comes next ? BTW Love you\ " .. I was blown away I have not spoken with my friend < PROPFEMALE > in several months . I called her ! God brought me exactly what I needed ! I had forgotten to ask !! " 
\There's no use pining over things you think you're entitled to .. like the perfect job or an amazing relationship . These things take lots of effort and if your not committing the kind of energy necessary to achieve them they are not going to just fall in your lap . Its time to stop feeling sorry for yourself or wishing things were different and actually make a change ! \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Weiss " 
Freezing ... Time to go snuggle under my bed covers . Good night all . Up early to make a presentation to the Hemet Board of Realtors about the Young Professionals Network for our local Southwest Riv . Board of Realtors .. 
Thank God we live in a place where we have the ability to create the life we want ! So the next question is , what do you want ? If it s an environment that will give you to tools to excel no matter what , is a place that will spend time and money supporting you with training and leads ? It starts with you asking for what you want than going out and finding that place the meets those wants ! wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Looking forward to my the day today that I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my girls decorating the house for halloween , making a big bowl of chilli to share with some firends and giving out Halloween < PROPFEMALE > in my driveway with a cozy bonfire blazing ! Love days like this .. Have fun all and be safe .. Remember to be where you are .. You will never get this day back ! 
Getting ready to have dinner with a good friend ! I am very gratefull for so many friends who help me to be who I am ! Thank you ! You know who you are :) 
“Whatever course you decide upon , there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong . There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right . To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires courage . ” < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .. Whats your course of action today NO Matter What ? 
The more I learn the less I know ! Thank you for all being teachers to me everyday ! I love our ability to connect and contribute to one another's lives ! How may I contribute to yours today ? Write what would help you more than anything today and lets see if we on face book can help ! 
Good morning everyone ! If you live in Temecula or Murrieta and are looking for a job as a receptionist admin support and have some clerical experience as well as computer and can handle a busy office and love fast paced . Please email me your resume wwhitelaw10@gmail.com and we will set up an interview ! 
There is always a way when things look impossible , there is a way to do the impossible , to survive the unsurvivable , there is always a way .... We are inspired .... \Today if you become frightened instead become inspired ! \ " Grey's Anatomy " 
Normally I have no trouble sleeping .... Tonight is the first night in a long while .. I wonder what my mind wants to work out .. I pray for a peaceful nights sleep for everyone ! 
Day started a little challenging but thanks to great friends and one in particular it ended up being a great day spent at Painted earth with my girls ! Thank you God for family and friends ! They are truly tangible reflections of your love ! 
Looking forward to an amazing office meeting we will be having today discussing lots of new legal Real Estate update that will effect my agents business ' .. I feel so incredibly grateful to do what I do ! This is my passion to help Realtors have the business that they want .. Please email me if you want a change Realtors ! wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
So excited for my professional interview with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > with Next Level 4 Success ! He will record it and then I can use it for all my marketing including here on Facebook . He is one of the most amazing people to interview with ! He really has a talent for bringing out what needs to be said naturally ! He will be in Temecula today and has a few spots open , email him at < PROPMALE > @nextlevel4success . com Dont miss out ! 
Spend as much time today worrying about one thing .. How much value you can bring to others lives .. Not sure what your value is ? Sit quietly and ask yourself what you want it to be . What do you enjoy doing ? or you can join my Real Estate office and go thru that training that I am doing this morning on What is your Value .. because if you don't know how do you expect your clients to know ... 
Having a holiday connect and shopping party at my house December 10th .. If you have something that you sell and you live in Temecula or Murrieta email me . I want several different vendors from clothes , to purses , wine to make up and lots of fun connecting and shopping . Let me know if you are interested in coming over to shop as well . wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
My Grandfather told me a story when I went to Hawaii and saw the Arizona how his first deployment was to remove the dead bodies off the Arizona in < PROPFEMALE > Harbor . I asked what it was like he said \one of the most horrible thing I have had to experience in my life\ " . He lived his life in total darkness due to becoming blind from other experiences in the war .. He will always be my hero ! Thank God for all our hero's! " 
Having a holiday connect and shopping party at my house December 10th .. If you have something that you sell and you live in Temecula or Murrieta email me . I want several different vendors from clothes , to purses , wine to make up and lots of fun connecting and shopping . Let me know if you are interested in coming over to shop as well . wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Its Friday and I am tired .. Been a long week filled with lots of emotions ! Looking forward to spending some time with my girls this weekend just hanging out !!! 
Wow ! What an amazing day ! Lots of buzz over what we are doing .. Hired 2 new agents this week ! Hired a new agent today and have several coming in tomorrow for interviews . Also new individuals looking to take their real estate license thur our office and get a discount ! Wahoo ! Love my job ! 
Had a great meeting this morning with our agents .. We talked about what motivates you to sell and put some commitments on the table for what each agent is going to do to commit to more success ! 
Looking forward to my Holiday shopping boutique party I am having at my house on Thursday evening . Its time to connect and enjoy one another's company .. That is what its all about .. Connecting on a meaningful level .. Please email me for more info wwhitelaw10@gmail.com .. Everyone is invited ! 
If you help enough people get what they want first , you will get what you want ! < PROPMALE > Rohn ..... Don't forget my holiday Party Thursday evening .. email me wwhitelaw10@gmail.com for more info .. We will be helping lots of people sell some great Christmas gifts and if you bring your old gold you can make some money too ! 
We are looking for a Top Producing agent who wants to work in an international cutting edge company . We have a 400 sqr office and a sign on bonus ! Call me if you are interested in a confidential interview ! 951-970-9803 
My whole heart and passion of what I feel I have been put on this earth is to help others succeed in Real Estate ! Today I will let that truth stand tall !. Some will misunderstand what I do .. Some will judge , while others will use it as an excuse for why they do not have the business and life they have ! For me I will stand in my truth and my passion and share it with all who want to succeed ! 
Had a great Holiday party at my house on Thursday ! Drank great wine from Cougar Winery , Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! Heading down to San < PROPMALE > to Moms house for a annual stocking party ! Concentrating on relishing every fun moment shared with Family .. In the end that is all that matters since we do not get our moments back ! 
We have a buyer who has to cancel on an amazing oportunity of a home because it does not allow chickens .. It is a rare peice of land in Temecula that will allow a winery and wine tasting and wine sales and even a B and B ! All for $ 450,000 .. Did I mention it has a pool to0 ! Email me if you want more information on this amazing deal wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
If you are looking for a new broker , Realtors and want to start off the new year in a company that values who you are , gives great training , great support and will give you a great split .. Please call me or email me and I would love to have a cup of coffee or have lunch and discuss .. Cell 951-970-9803 email wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
Looking forward to having some friends over for Dinner tonight and drink some of < PROPFIRST > DiLullo's amazing wine and have some relaxing and just chillin time ! Enjoy what ever this day brings you ! Remember we do not get them back !!! 
The bet way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others .. Gandhi That is what I am making today about .. I am going to play < PROPFEMALE > and forget all that weighs on my mind today and enjoy the sprit of Christmas giving ! Ho Ho Ho 
The little Drummer boy brought to Jesus a talent that he had instead of frankincense and myrrh . We are touched by the simplicity of his story .. May we rest in the fact that who we are today right now is the greatest gift we can share with others and it is not in the gold or riches .. Enjoy the spoils of your hard work as you share presents and rest in the knowledge that it is all enough and just as it should be ! 
In the end its all about the LOVE ! Good night everyone and I love you all ! 
Truth stands , even if there be no public support . It is self-sustained .. Gandhi Seek the your truth always the rest will follow ! I am here for you Realtors .. Call me if you want more 951-970-9803 
Having Realty Worlds Regional VP < PROPMALE > Cooper come to our office on Friday and share marketing tools to make 2010 the best year for each Realtor . < PROPFEMALE > Lansford with Old Republic Home Protection will be treating us to lunch ! All welcome RSVP w < PROPFIRST > at 951-304-2006 
Be the change you want to see in the world . ” Gandhi ... One of my absolute all time favorite quotes ! What change do you want to see in yourself today ? 
Last < PROPMALE > to RSVP for our lunch and learn today at our Realty World office with our Regional VP < PROPMALE > Cooper ! Lunch is being provided by the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Lansford with Old Republic Home Protection .. Call our office for more details 951-304-2006 .. Don't miss out on some great marketing tools ! See you all soon ! 
Had these dreams that I was hanging over an incredible high shear < PROPMALE > .. It was enthralling and empowering and then I would be paralyzed with fear .. When I woke a quote came to my head \if you are not living on the edge you are taking up too much space\ " . In order to live on the edge you have to believe in yourself enough to stand there ! " 
How many of you are really getting the tools that you feel you need to stay on top of this market ? Are you 100% confident that the manager in your office is up to date on all the tools that you need to have the competitive edge ? It is my passion to do that for my agents ! Call a First Team agent and ask them ! Then email me for a confidential interview wwhitelaw10@gmail.com 
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks , he becomes . Mohandas Gandhi 
A ' No ' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ' Yes ' merely uttered to please , or worse , to avoid trouble . Mohandas Gandhi 
Looking forward to empowering my Team of agents at First Team office meeting tomorrow meeting . A lot going on right now in the Real Estate industry . If you are not staying on top of it , you are not protecting your buyers and sellers . Knowledge is power and applied with action , is how we get huge results ! 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . We ask ourselves , who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , and fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of God . Your playing small doesn't serve the world . < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
There's nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you . We are all meant to shine . And as we let our own light shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . As we are liberated from our own fear , our presence automatically liberates others . ” < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be Fun ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
I could taste summer today . Even heated up the pool and let my girls go swimming . To cold for me to swim still .. Great to feel the sun and spend the day with family ! Loved spending time with very special loved ones ! That is what it is about .. I can't forget to take it all in ! 
Wow .. I have been away from face book for a while .. I have something like 176 event requests .. Oops I need to practice what I preach to my agents about time blocking and keeping up with your social media .. Now if I can just catch up on some work first :) 
Please say a prayer for my mother who is going under surgery this morning at 8am to remove two cancer spots from her bladder . They will do Chemo therapy at the same time . I have been picturing angels carrying her and all around her this morning ! 
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history . Mohandas Gandhi 
I want to thank everyone who said prayers for a my mothers surgery on Friday ! It went well ! The Dr. felt that they got the every out and now she is recovering from the chemo treament .. Thank you again everyone !! I am very blessed ! 
What was the best way someone showed you that you were special to them ? What actions did they do that allowed you to feel that you had value ? 
Anger is like fire deep in my belly ... I yearn for sleep to soothe my soul .. Angels heal what my mind is unwilling .. God take what my humanity lacks to give . 
“Do you not know that there comes a time when every one has to throw off his mask ? I have seen those who so long deceived others that their true nature could not reveal itself . In every man there is something which to a certain degree prevents him from becoming perfectly transparent to himself ; But he who cannot reveal himself cannot love , and he who cannot love is the most unhappy man of all . ”\ 
\ 
Soren Kierkegaard 
“If you can dream it , then you can achieve it . You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want . ”\ 
Zig Ziglar 
Getting ready for our office meeting .. I will be giving out awards to some incredible agents who have had amazing results ! I am very proud of them and look forward to recognizing their hard work ! 
For my Friend : Janice Striano < PROPFEMALE > ERICSON NEEDS OUR PRAYERS FOR A FB FRIENDS DAUGHTER AUDRIN < PROPMALE > & HER FAMILY TODAY . HER 2 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER WAS JUST DIAGNOSED WITH STAGE 4 CANCER . IF YOU SEE THIS POST , EVEN IF YOU DON'T KNOW HER GOD DOES .. PLEASE POST THIS TO YOUR PROFILE FOR ONE HOUR AND SAY A PRAYER FOR THIS LITTLE GIRL PLEASE AND GOD BLESS UFOR DOING IT ( HOW COULD ANY MOTHER NOT REPOST IT ) 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
\Be the change you wish to see in the world ! \ " Gandhi " 
What would you say is the best way to start a conversation with you ? What is the best piece of marketing material that intrigued you to pick up the phone and call and start chatting with someone ? Were you tugged by an emotional string or a way to save money ? Just curious ..... 
Having some time off this weekend made me realize how important it is for the mind to have time to switch off and heal ! If you want to be able to give more to others , you have to spend more time giving to yourself ! This is a hard lesson for me ... One that I had a wake up call with though last week when I could no longer speak ! 
Very grateful for the team of agents who I am blessed to manage and for a company that allows me to give them the best tools and support in the industry ! 
“As we let our light shine , we consciously give other people permission to do the same . As we are liberated from our own fear , our presence actually liberates others . ” < PROPFEMALE > Williamson ..... Inspired by my dear friend < PROPFIRST > Carney who lives out his passion and inspires me to do the same !! Let your light shine today ! it is what the world needs !!! 
Yesterday my step fathers daughter lost her battle with Cancer ! May those left behind now find peace with their battle in grieve ! 
“Never mistake activity for achievement . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Wooden 
I am looking forward to sharing some updates that every Realtor must know for their business this morning in my office meeting ! I love what I do ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Getting ready for my training Monday morning on the ins and outs of short sales ! Do you know the latest and how to protect your seller ? Things are changing quickly .. Agents you need to be shouting from the roof tops the truth about < PROPFEMALE > mods and short sales .. Sellers need to hear the right information , lives are depending on it !!! 
In these times where so much is happening .. People are loosing their houses , loosing bank accounts and loved ones .. I just wanted to find out what are some tricks that you use to stay focused when you have a lot going on ? 
“They may forget what you said , but they will never forget how you made them feel . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > W . Buechner 
Happy Fathers Day to all you incredible fathers ! The world needs you ! Enjoy your day with your families ! 
Great day celebrating it with my stepdad < PROPMALE > .. on their boat .. he lost his daughter 3 weeks ago .. spent sometime thinking about how short life can be .. We should not make holidays the only day we choose to show our gratitude for someone .. But it is nice to have an organized reminder :) 
Sometimes the greatest gift you can give yourself is a friend ! Thank u ! 
“If we're growing , we're always going to be out of our comfort zone . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
“It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them , more strength to relate to people than to dominate them , more ' manhood ' to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex . Toughness is in the soul and spirit , not in muscles and an immature mind . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Karras 
“The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \ 
Happy July 4th weekend everyone ! Take this time to enjoy those around you , those that have gone before you and our freedom to do so ! 
Sun , sun ... where are you ? We are here at the beach to play and you are hiding ... 
“Each one has to find his peace from within . And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances . ”\ 
Mahatma Gandhi \ 
No matter how much I want something or someone or some circumstance to change me ... or make me happy ..... it or they never will , its not their role ! 
Worked till 8:45 , Sushi with friend .. now coffee ice cream with magic shell ... What could be better .. well .... I am not going there .. :) 
When we do more of what makes us truly happy we give light and peace to rest of the world ! Do more of what you love today and watch what happens !!! 
ok I have seen that we had an earthquake in Borrego springs , in Mexicali , in Hemet , in big bear and 28 < PROPMALE > outside Palm Springs .. So where was it really ?? I do know what I felt .. It was close and rattled me out of my chair ! 
Worked out this morning , finally ! Had an amazing time and reconnected with my a friend last night ! She opened up the walls and the doors that I had closed and reminded me who and what I am ... amazing how very special friends can do that ! They are truly blessings from above !!! Thank you miss < PROPFEMALE > !! 
“A coward is incapable of exhibiting love ; it is the prerogative of the brave . ” Gandhi 
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness , that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , and fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of God . Your playing small doesn't serve the world . ” < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
I need some suggestions of your favorite books that moved you .. Pick one 
Thank God for lovely lab dogs like mine who no matter what time I walk in the door or what I look like she is ecstatic to see me ! Now if I could just find a man like that . :) 
“The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves , and not to twist them to fit our own image . Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Merton 
“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Very sad to be with out my girls this whole week !! I feel like something is missing .. Looking forward to making time to connect with friends !! 
“Things turn out best for people who make the best out of the way things turn out”\ 
“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion , not position . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Maxwel 
My amazing friend < PROPFEMALE > Peterson has found inspiration !!! : THE INSPIRATION HAS COME ! It is time to revolutionize the management of WEIGHT ! The launch is happening tomorrow with a limited time and availability . It will change your life , a family member , friend , or associate . Message me with your email address if you want more information . Much love ! 
Life has so many twists and turns .. if you are afraid of running into the wall you never get to see whats around the corner !! 
The market is changing again ! So many agents are stuck in there old patterns and ways of thinking and marketing .. How did you shift your business and stay ahead of the market change ? What are you doing to get buyers and sellers ? 
So what do you think the change in the market is ? Are Bank owned properties finally going to hit the market ?? 
Ready for an amazing office meeting this morning where my agents will be sharing their lead generation success with one another and getting a market update to keep them ahead of the curve ! I love what I do !!! 
“Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot , who calls you back when you < PROPFEMALE > up on him , who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat , or will stay awake just to watch you sleep ... wait for the boy who kisses your forehead , who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats , who holds your hand in front of his friends , who thinks you're just as pretty without makeup on . ” 
Goodnight everyone !! Looking forward to what wonderful things will enfold for this week !! 
Why are there days when no matter what you do everything is turned upside down and backwards .. Maybe its to teach us not to always look forward but to be present !! Truly present to what life has ... 
Life has a way of testing your limits !! School starts tomorrow and my nanny is sick again and I have to be in 2 places at once !! Super single Mom to the rescue ??? Where is my cape and crown ? I want the fame and fortune that the super hero gets too .. I will keep looking .. Or maybe I have to just keep moving :) 
It is official .. I have become a \stupid Mom\ " of an 11 year old teanager .. How did I grow so dumb ????? " 
Ok I have been told by my daughter that I am not stupid and I may not call myself stupid !! Now who is the smart one ?? :) Now my < PROPFEMALE > can you please go to sleep .. :) Love you 
Alrighty ... this is a call for help !! I need either a Nanny or some suggestions on where or who can help me take care of my wonderful girlie's after school .. I need some one that can pick them up from 2 different schools and help them with homework and getting one of them to Horses until I get home around 5:30 or 6 .. I am open to suggestions of centers in Temecula as well . Thanks for the help friends ! 
So how do you really forgive ?? I mean REALLY forgive ?????? Not just say it but own it ! 
First Team launched the most incredible buyers Stimulus Package today !! This is the most amazing program that our company has offered in our 34 years ! This will help buyers have more buying power similar to the tax credit and help sellers get a better priced offer !!! Email me for more info wendywhitelaw@firstteam.com 
Our first and last love ... is self love . 
To love for the sake of being loved is human , however , to love for the sake of loving is < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPFIRST > Carney 
The waves pretty big in South Mission . Great for boogie boarding . Just hate the sand getting in all the places 
Dont wish things were easier , Wish you were better ... < PROPMALE > Rohn 
“If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character ... Would you slow down ? Or speed up ? ” < PROPMALE > Palahniuk 
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do . 
Driving my daughter out to Green Acres Ranch for her horse riding lessons we drove right under a hot air balloon .. We had the top down and could feel and Hear the hot air from the balloon .. Life is such an amazing adventure when you stop to recognize it !! 
“Be happy . It's one way of being wise . ”\ 
Sidonie < PROPFEMALE > 
We are looking for someone who can professionally paint our office windows here at First Team for our buyers stimulus package info ... Anyone know of one here in Temecula or Murrieta ?? 
There is a reason why we have two ears and one mouth ... I haven't figured it out yet thou ... 
I think staying single for the rest of my days is looking better and better .. What is going on in this world ??? 
Trust your first instinct , it's usually the right thing to do , and people will praise you for your decision . ( I wish this didnt always hurt though as well ... ) 
He who throws dirt is losing ground ... or as I say the one who yells the loudest looses .. and the truth stands tallest it needs no arguments or persuasions ! Taking responsibility for your mistakes is always hard on you .. but blaming others for your mistakes is hard on everyone ... 
Funny thing about humility . Just when you think you've got it , you've lost it . 
Never ever forgotten ... Always remembered ! Splendid awareness ... Painful sorrow .. but again NEVER FORGOTTEN !! 9-11 
Heading over to the Board of Realtors new site for the Legislative breakfast to meet our local Mayors ! See you Realtors there ! 
About ready to do a career seminar at First Team ! Looking for the next rookie of the year for my office here in Temecula .. We do licensing school here as well !! 
“Don't wait until everything is just right . It will never be perfect . There will always be challenges , obstacles and less than perfect conditions . So what . Get started now . With each step you take , you will grow stronger and stronger , more and more skilled , more and more self-confident and more and more successful . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hansen 
Driving on the Ortega hwy stuck behind a garbage truck w my top down . Stinks ! 
Had such an incredible day yesterday !! Spent an amazing day at South Coast Winery with my wonderful friend < PROPFEMALE > , sipping wine and getting pampered ! Much needed ! Then got to have some fun at Miramonte Winery dancin and havin fun with a few of my agents !! So blessed and realizing the need to live in abundance , its a state of mind not a result of my bank account !!! 
Looking forward to having friends over for a fun night of Jewelry and wine .. Maybe we will throw in some chocolate ... Mmmm .. Let me know if you are interested in coming .. Thursday 23 6:30 ... 
What an amazing day .. I concentrated on living in the present .. not worrying about the future or all the work I should do or have to do and spent the morning at Green Acres Ranch with my daughters and then laying by the pool and swimming in the cold pool water and now off to a friends for a BBQ ! Live like it was your last !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan 24 , is all over the news beacuse she's a celebrity drug addict . WhileJustin Allen , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , JustusBartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > Santos , 21 , < PROPMALE > Stanely , 21 , < PROPFIRST > Reed , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > King , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 ,... and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives this weekwith no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting . 
“Knowing others is intelligence ; knowing yourself is true wisdom . Mastering others is strength ; mastering yourself is true power . ” 
VIRUS spreading like wildfire on FaceBook ! Itis a trojan worm called koobface . It willsteal your info , invade yoursystem and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama ClintonScandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your ... list adds her ... then ... you get the virus too !... Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .... please pass it on ! 
First Team Temecula is having a buyer seminar tomorrow evening .. We will be discussing a program that First Team is paying for that saves home buyers possibly up to $ 30,000 dollars !!!! Want to find out more call our office and ask for a housing stimulus realtor to explain .. 951-699-9080 
Just < PROPFEMALE > up with a reporter from the Californian .. I do love shocking the systems of those who don't know our local area .. We do not fit into any mold ! 
Just got back from our incredible First Team economic forecast event from an economist and the VP Wells Fargo .. Wells has made decision that all banks are going to follow suit and will effect the course of Short sales .... First Team has the most empowered and knowledgeable agents ! I am looking forward to sharing what I learned at my office meeting tomorrow morning ! 
I guess I am feeling pink .. LOL 
on my way to CAR Expo in Anaheim with SRCAR board of Realtors . Hope we stay dry and warm ! 
Great day at the CAR Expo ! Negotiated a great deal for my agents today on a great lead generation tool ! 
Know that you are the creator of ALL things in your life ! Only you can be open to receive a gift and only you can bring someone into your life ! What are you waiting for ? Go create something that you have always wanted today !!! 
Amazing weekend in San < PROPMALE > with my girls and Mom and < PROPMALE > ! Love hanging with family and being present in the moment !! 
“We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past , but by the love we're not extending in the present . ”\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Williamson quote 
The turth is the truth is the truth is the truth ... no other way to say the truth but the truth ! 
I think today is a good pumpkin carving day at Peltzer Farms and then chili and the Game . 
Ok what is w the girls in really short shorts bending over a white < PROPFEMALE > washing their car who keep friend requesting me ? Did something get posted somewhere that I don't know about ????? 
Don't wish things were easier , wish you were better ! < PROPMALE > Rohn 
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness . 
A couple more days of being pink .. I have really liked it !!!! 
Business Planning time with my agents !! Do you know where your business is going to come from next year ?? 
There is nothing like a little \Cure\ " on the radio to get you going in the morning . I know I am totally dating myself ! Yes I graduated in 88 ... " 
“You may never know what results come of your action , but if you do nothing there will be no result”\ 
Mahatma Gandhi 
We teach people how to treat us . Make sure you know WHAT you are teaching ! 
\Don't be afraid if things seem difficult in the beginning . That's only the initial impression . The important thing is not to retreat ; you have to master yourself . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Korbut " 
“Consider the rights of others before your own feelings , and the feelings of others before your own rights . ”\ 
Need to find time to breath ... 
Today is the day for Southwest Riverside Board of Realtors Young Professionals Network 2011 planning retreat .. Taking the time to set up some incredible events for next year to empower ALL Realtors of any age in their business ' for next year ! If you have any great ideas for speakers or topics now is your time to speak up and let me know .. i am chair for events next year !!!! 
Learning to relax and enjoy the process is definitely rewarding ! not as easy as I would like but once you step into it , it can be pure bliss !! 
At the Career Compass training for Realtors today at Pechanga . Always looking to feed the brain ! 
Never have I felt so duped by another human being ! Amazing how the heart will believe what the mind will not . Its about getting up and keep going no matter how it hurts and knowing that God has something very special planned around the corner ! 
strength and intensity are not always a bad trait for someone who can handle them , they are perfect ! 
Wish I had more rooms in my home and my heart for every single Mom and person who needs one !!!! 
Okay .. I really don't want to but need to go to bed .. it is way past my bed time ! Good night my dear friends !! 
“Nobody can hurt me without my permission . ”\ 
Mahatma Gandhi \ 
No matter what happens in my life I am always blown away at how connections to my friends and family grows with each event ! I feel so incredibly grateful for every person and the lesson of love I get to learn with EACH person who enters my live .. Even the one's who may hurt us .. there is a lesson there too !! 
They say that those that find something to be grateful for everyday and night live happier longer lives . The power of being grateful is transcendental and changes cells in your body , which changes how you feel and act and that will effect everyone around you !!! We are all connected ! On this day I am so incredibly grateful for the gift you all have given me to love all of you ! Happy Thanksgiving go and be grateful ! 
From my horoscope : Your feelings are sweeter than ever , and at least one lucky person should feel the full brunt of them before the day is out . You need to make sure that your people are all hearing the good news .. I wonder who it will be ?? 
At the Board of Realtors in Murrieta . Getting info on 203K loans ! Staying educated and connected ! 
Good night everyone ! Just can't shake that restless feeling !?!? Something big must be around the corner ... Must be good !! 
Wisdom is knowing what to do next , skill is knowing how to do it , and virtue is doing it . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
“Be the change you want to see in the world . ”\ 
Gandhi 
its not too late to join our YPN black tie event at < PROPFIRST>'s restaurant ! See flyer on my wall ! 
I am blessed with the opportunity to see yet again how it takes a HUGE family of friends to get through this world ! Being a VERY independent single women it is not easy to ask for help . As I sat in my broken down BMW on the 15 freeway last night , I experienced humility and awe over all my supporting family of friends ! 
Getting ready for First Team Holiday Party at my house tonight ! Getting the candles out , the fire pit stocked with wood , the pool clean out and all the wine glasses out ! Love spending fun time with my incredible agents !!! 
Most of all the food is put away and much of the dishes are clean . Thanks to my helper < PROPFEMALE > ! I just have to stop and say how incredibly grateful I am for every agent in my office ! As I said earlier tonight it is truly my privilege to serve and manage such a great group of people ! 
Your heart will always make itself known through your words . 
The human spirit is truly incredible .. to deal with death , gratitude , sorrow , joy , creativity and love all in one day is absolutly mind boggling to me ... how one keeps it all together and continues to function ! And I am not the only one ... 
Love always and deeply . 
I know you are out there ! Maybe you are just growing strong enough to handle me .. 
It just doesn't feel like Christmas .. But what is Christmas supposed to feel like ?? 
I love the rain .. but is it ever going to stop ! I dont have the right shoes to wear !! LOL 
If you wnat different results from last year , you have to be willing to do things different ! It really is jsut as simple as showing up more often !! 
Going to the SRCAR board of realtors marketing meeting , where homes are sold ! Make it a productive day everyone ! We don't get another one .. 
Be the change you wish to see in the world ! 
Traffic flow makes no sense to me ! why do u just come to screeching stop then accelerate to 45mph then to repeat the pattern all over again . Where r my wings . 
Sometimes in life , doing the right thing is the hardest thing !! Doing the right thing for you and living your truth with commitment and tenacity , will never be the wrong thing for anyone !!! 
Working on my lsiting presentation that I will be giving at our First Team Managers meeting this Friday .. So many brilliant layers of tools to support my agents !! No other company is offering what we have !! Reminds me why I joined this incredible company ! 
On a personal note : Can't wait to take my girls to Disneyland this weekend ! I don't think I have been in over 6 plus years .. It will be good to just be a kid again .. too bad I can't have my kid body back too !! Have a great weekend everyone !! 
My poor Dog < PROPFEMALE > is very sick .. She is 10 .. we got her when my youngest daughter < PROPFEMALE > was only 4 months old .. at the time I wanted to strangle my ex for getting a puppy for me to take care of as well as my < PROPFEMALE > and her sister who was not even 2 .. Now i cant imagine life with out her !! 
Life is about the connections you make and the contributions you give ! 
I have given out 9 relocation client referrals out in my office since Monday ! That is just from our relocation dept .. we have short sale listing leads and reo lisitng leads , buyer leads .. l you get the idea ! The market is hot ! Leverage yourself by working with a Co . that can use their over 3000 listings advertised in over 500 different web partners each daily ... to make your phone ring !!!! 
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot . 
Looking forward to announcing my Hall of Fame winners in my office meeting this morning ! 
Jewlery and makeover party at my house this evening .. Looking forward to relaxing and connecting with friends !! Call me if you can come and bring a friend ! 
Looking forward to doing something new this weekend that will move me to look at things differently !! Any ideas ?? 
Home from another training meeting at corporate in Costa Mesa only to do it all over again at 6am tomorrow morning again ! Good thing I like to drive and am a great driver ! Right < PROPMALE > ! 
Divorced Dad's . Just a little tip .. Don't put your childs emotions at risk for your ego ! I you feel you have to do that your ego is not worth it ! But your child will Always be ! 
Anyone have video editing knowlege that can help First Team Temecula with an agent video we are putting together TODAY .. We ran into a little snafoo and need some help .. Thanks everyone !! 
Why is life a challenge of peaks and valley's ?? Why arent the answers to why more readily available ?? Ironically enough , I think when we finally get all the answers to our why's , they will no longer matter .. 
