.... Early night ... Is anyone still up ?? 

Make your last request's and begin to slowly slip away . I've forgotten all of your desperations , this endeavour makes further decay . 
Looking forward for the new fallout game to come out !!!! Also Im pirating the < PROPMALE > of Persia movie 
Just got done watching The 1929 Silent Film Nosferatu . And i must say it is now on my top 5 favorite movies list !! The symphony of music displayed the best emotions of horror . Its amazing how creepy they made Count Orlok look back in 1929 when special effects weren't even a notion of thought . 
24 today !! Damn im gettin Old .... :( who wants to drink with me ?!?!?! 
Make your last requests and begin to slowly slip away , I've forgotten all of your desperation this endeavour makes further decay ! 
Tru Blood is by far the best Vampire show on this planet !!! I mean seriously it shows < PROPFEMALE > Paquins boobies !!! 
My instincts rupture and the motive has no theme , \ 
Now look into these eyes\ 
And see the end of time . \ 
It takes hold this image of rapture\ 
Infecting you whole\ 
Stripped , stripped to the bone\ 
Devoured for solace a place we both\ 
Know . 
Headin to Erie !! 
No\ 
erie tonight :( Just got done watching Avatar : The Last Airbender and i must \ 
say i was a bit disappointed .. Just the way some names were changed \ 
around and the way they flew through certin parts they should have \ 
explained more .. Other then that the Graphics wer awesome and the \ 
Bending was BAD ASS !! I give it 7.5 /10 !!! 
880 Days 1 Hour 18 Minutes an 42 Seconds till the End of the World ... 12-21-2012 
Headin to work , Then who knows !!?? 
What the fucking fuck fuck .... Boredd as fuckkk 
OFF to Work !! 
Bored sittin ' at work ! someone come buy beer ! 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > tonight ?!?!? 
Friday the 13th !! Anyone wanna go campin in the woods and see if we get chased by a masked super slayer . And no matter how fas we run he some how pops out around the next corner !!! 
why is everyone to cool to < PROPFEMALE > out ?!?! 
Anyone wanna come chill an watch a movie ?? Females only :) 
Here i stand again , awaiting the darkness that \ 
once consumed my sight . The apathy of light constricts my body , \ 
deadening my every move . I lie here holding onto whats left of my \ 
reality . The days End ... The dawns New .. Either way I'll rot in ruin .. \ 
This Darkness consumes .. 
Tru Blood Is soooo Fucking Awesome More Ppl in this area need to get into it . Even though its only on every sunday at 9 P.m on HBO . You can watch new an old episode's on various web sites ! so if you like Vampires , Were Wolves , Shape-Shifters , Blood , Guts , Sex ... Lots of Sex , Mystery , Thrill . Then this is the most perfect show for you !! 
I put all my trust in you .. Re-fine Hate and Love .. Fall afresh on me .... End this crisis of .... Identity .. 
bored at work ..... someone talk to me !!!! 
We all FFLLOOAAATTT down here !!!!! RARRRRRRRRRR 
Just got home from work .. Going to Shit-Shower-Shave And hopefully my plans are still on for tonight .?!?!?!? 
bored ....... Really really F'in bored 
Hope my Dad gets home quick , he still doesnt know i gotta go to the dentist !!!! 
ohhhh what to do ..... What to do ?!?!? 
You'd think iI was a ditch , the way this chick was diggin ' me !! 
I need something to do to make my last 2 hours of work go by fast !!!?? I've been here since 10 !!! Any suggestions ? 
Bored !!! Whats goin ' on tonight ?!?! 
Way to go Browns !! 
PLAYING FALLOUT : NEW VEGAS !!! FUCKING AWESOME !!!!!!! 
XBOX LIVE : MAYBURY MURDERS !! 
Working ... Bored .. Few hours left .. Can't wait to get home so I\ 
can be a nerd and play Fallout : New Vegas all night !! XBOX LIVE NATION : Maybury Murders 
Bored sittin ' here by myself .. Wishing there were something to do worth while in kane 
Had a great night tonight ! Good to see a lot of my old friends .. I sure do miss the ol ' days !! 
Living Through Catastrophe A horrid lapse of senses We feed A mouth that should not eat . We've gone too far Replenished on the weak I can't decide if we have leaped Or if we are falling 
I wanna see a fight Between Avatar : The last Airbender , and Captain Planet and the Planeteers !! 
WHATS GOIN ON TONIGHT ???!?!?! 
God damn My throat feels like i smoked a mile of cigarettes 
Wow listening to The Weather Channel's music is like going to a rave .. 
No sleep yet Cod all night with a lil ' 8 legged freaks 
Hmmm , what to do today in this shit town of Kane < PROPFEMALE > ....??? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EC5kqUlFLc 
FUCK YEAh RAVENS !!!!!!!!! Show those panzys whats up !! 
I Absolutely HATE fake people .. I mean just reading down the post's .. Some people make it seem like there perfect and their lives are sooo fucking perfect .. Other people thinking it's always cool to brag about being wasted and walking around wasted ... WTF ... Alcoholic ... 
I have seen what it means to detest and to care , and to outlive the dream of you and me . This has been a disease overtaking a new sense of being .... 
< PROPFIRST > Patterson knows Johnsonburg P.u pretty well hahahaha 
Any Bands in the area Lookin for a Vocalist for Death Metal/ Metalcore .. I've been out of a band for too long !! 
getting a shower for the first time this year 
Today is National Punch an Annoying Steelers Fan day !!! hahaha Looks like half of kane will get knocked out !! 
HAHAHAHA FUCK YEAH PACKERS FUDGE PACKIN\ THE STEELERS !!! " 
FUCK YEAH PACKERS WAY TO WHOOP THEM PANZYS !!!! Oh Im gonna love dissin ' on all the squeelers fans !! hahahahahahaha yeah !!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQTePyL5lPM 
HEADache/// sucks ... 
This was a Fuckin ' bomb ... For a few seconds , this place was Armageddon .. It was a Fire Fight !!!! pow pow pow pow 
Dont feel bad Cause I never feared consequences ; Hate Regrets more than apologies ... 
You can't see California without < PROPMALE > Brando's eyes !! 
X-Men First Class Trailer will be premiering on Facebook this afternoon !! 
Im on a Video Rampage 
Everyones got a boogie man to worry about .. Mine just happens to smoke newports and terrorizes greenwich village !! 
Do you want to get high man ?? Does Pinocchio have wooden balls , man ? I got this joint I've been saving for a special occasion !! Woooo Weeeehhh !!! 
Ready to get LOW !! today is Opposite Day 
Chek out Taken with the Tide !! Damn good Band !! 
I need a rideee !! 
who wants to give me a ride ???!! 
Do you know how much coke < PROPFIRST > Sheen did ? Me either , but it was enough to kill two and a half men .., 
Whats Going On Tonight ??????????? Somebody , Anybody .. Hit Me Up !!!!!! 
Headin to the B-Horn With Oakes 
I struck gold but never took it for granite that's how I planned it !! SO CAN IT , Around the planet , fans demand it and you'll never understand it , When I die no lie plan on mass pandemonium , They may display my brain in a pickle jar at the Smithsonian , \ 
The one part the Fuehrer the one part the Pope , It's the inevitable return baby !! Of the Great White .... Dope !! 
CANT FUCKING WAIT FOR THE NEW SEASON OF TRU-BLOOD !!!!! 
EVERYBODY SUCKS !!!!!!!!! 
I have a Date Tonight !!!!!!!!! 
Did anyone know < PROPMALE > Rogan was is < PROPFIRST > Darko ?? haha Crazy shit 
Rules of ZombieLand . \ 
Rule 1 : Cardio\ 
Rule 2 : Beware of Bathrooms\ 
Rule 3 : Seatbelts\ 
Rule 4 : Doubletap\ 
Rule 5 : No Attachments\ 
Rule 6 : Travel in a Group\ 
Rule 7 : Travel Light\ 
Rule 8 : Kill with Efficiency\ 
Rule 9 : Guns Are for Hunting , Not for Zombie Killing\ 
Rule 10 : Be Quiet 
Rule 15 : Know Your Way out ! \ 
Rule 17 : Don't Be a Hero\ 
Rule 18 : Limber Up\ 
Rule 19 : Blend in\ 
Rule 20 : Find The Right Shelter\ 
Rule 22 : Be ruthless\ 
Rule 23 : God Bless Rednecks\ 
Rule 24 : No Drinking\ 
Rule 31 : Check the Back Seat\ 
Rule 32 : Enjoy the Little Things 
Goin leek picking in the AM !!!! 
Just downloaded the whole season of BATTLE TOADS !!! 
XBOX 360 ELITE 120GB Hard Drive . Got 3 games dowlloaded on it Fable II Trials Hd an Srabble . Plus 5 Movies Ironman 2 , Zak and Miri , Scrooged ( < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ) , Mortal Kombat Annihalation , The Longest Yard ( < PROPFIRST > Sandler ) Plus whole season 5 of jackass adn half season of Locked up abroad . Also got all Add-on for Fallout 3 and Halo 3 . And one add on for the new Fallout New Vegas . 
I promised my heart to her , she cooked it Medium well . Then preceded to swallow it whole 
All these songs make wish i could live one day back in 2002 
What if all else fails , and we see the end .. Will we rise , or stay dead .. Until the day that I leave this earth , will the suffering end or get worse ?? 
avarice held the key to lock away ur needs the cards have been dealt only time can now tell betrayed by the face that once so humbly welcomed you . sever the image impale the trust ur only chances left are in the dust the < PROPFEMALE > s gone theres nothing left nothing but a hole to throw yourself in My abysmal rage will unleash upon you . granted the < PROPFEMALE > will again be mine 
