is enjoying being in Seattle for the first time . 

Some days are good . Some are not . Then there are those that are good and end up ... much less so . 
is very contemplative about life right now ... 
feels very alone ... 
Today is a decent day so far . ^_^ 
is sad to have done the full black makeup yesterday only to have missed over half of the event . But still worth it . 
Wonders why EVERYBODY seems to be planning stuff to happen on July 25th ... 
Wonders why so many people want to betray or abandon each other in this world , be it in real life or as part of a game that's supposed to help you forget about real life for a while ? 
needs to stare at a blank white wall for a few hours ... too many scattered thoughts to collect and figure out . 
needs to make a Mythic character specific Facebook account . 
is contemplative on the nature of happiness ... 
Gave in and made a character account for Myzra . 
My cell phone died and refuses to charge . That coupled with getting stranded by my car dying three times over the course of the weekend made it an adventure ... SOOOO sorry to those who I had plans with that fell through because I was stuck without a way t 
is realizing that some conversations are the most difficult because they are the most necessary in helping us to grow as individuals . 
wants < PROPFIRST > to hurry up and be done with work today so she can get to SLC and have her phone working again . ~ impatient ~ 
wants to go buy a red < PROPFEMALE > tied with a length of black ribbon to give to < PROPFIRST > . It's how things started , it should either help him remember that time or be how it ends too . 
has decided that maybe her husband shouldn't have the OPTION of divorcing her because he made a commitment of til death do us part , damnit ! 
remembers why she doesn't tend to be more light hearted around people . Sense of humor = FAIL . I'm going to go find a corner to brood in now ... 
Pappa was finally able to go home earlier this week , but will still be in a neck brace for a while yet . 
is LIVIDLY furious with < PROPFIRST>'s job for changing his schedule last minute so that our weekend plans completely fell through . 
had a decent weekend in spite of missing the Mythic event . Happy to see my Cat again for a little while . :) 
Why do the best conversations where all defenses have been let down usually involve broken glass ? Admittedly this was my fault because the glass in the bridal picture broke for me and the bowl he threw didn't break because it landed in a box . But still ... 
Curse you Burger < PROPMALE > ! They got our order wrong and in the dark an onion was mistaken for lettuce until a nice big bite of it that I didn't catch in time . Tonight there will be much pain and sickness ... 
really needs to find a hobby with less drama ... 
keeps getting friend requests from people who know all of my friends , but I'm not sure if I remember ever meeting them before . o.O ' 
Having Daddy take me from just North of Ogden to Bountiful to get our car where it died : $15 in fuel . Buying a new alternator for our car : $170 . Learning how to take an alternator out and then putting a new one in completely by myself except for reattaching the belt : priceless . 
has found a certain level of serenity in working out at a gym with the husband . ^_^ 
actually likes Obama and supports his Health Plan ... I feel very alone in this sometimes . 
can't wait to go to the gym again tonight with Husband . :D 
is an addict . Deactivated facebook for a while , but couldn't stand the social isolation . 
has been back on facebook less than half an hour and is already thoroughly depressed from it again . Such is the vicious social circle of life ... 
is still in shock from learning that a friend has an inoperable brain tumor that won't kill them , but will give them migraines basically forever ... o.o 
is amused to remember that she created her Facebook account on March 10 , 2008 because < PROPMALE > H wanted more friends to help him on Elven Blood . 
lacks proper grammar in her last post , but brought some good < PROPFEMALE > into someone's life tonight . We saw a teenage boy walking from his truck with a blown out tire just north of Clearfield on I-15 . We took the next exit , flipped around and went back to pick him up . We then took him home to Layton before heading home . I've missed being more helpful . :D 
needs her stable life situation to somehow become established in the SLC area ... ~ ponders ~ 
The best kind of love is like Pi ... irrational and never-ending . 
* poof * I'm a turkey sandwich . 
has the most awesome husband in the world ! <3 <3 <3 
thinks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are amazing retention people . :) 
is really happy and feeling much more at peace after wrapping up most of the loose ends last night . Everything else I can do online now . <3 
thinks today was an amazing day . <3 <3 <3 I loves my Husband ! :D 
fails by not noticing that Facebook was logged into the Husband's account when tagging people in pictures . >.<' 
wonders why so many people hate each other ... 
is happy that the internet is back up and working again ! 
is not sure if her allergy to cats is less minor than before or if having her cat attack her face with claws just caused more of a reaction than normal . Either way , happy to be visiting < PROPFIRST>'s family in SLC today . 
finally found a design she really likes for a Halloween costume . Now to make it ... :) 
is now coming up with ideas for what to do for her 4 year wedding anniversary in mid October ... ~ ponders ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Iverson l- Tell me more about your < PROPFEMALE > Garden ? 
helped < PROPFIRST > paint himself black as a Xelaque today and then helped him wash it all off about 2 hours later . The experience made him decide that he will NEVER play a dark elf because he can't put up with the makeup . ~ amused ~ 
is enjoying simplicity in life . 
is frustrated that she feels like she honestly can't be a part of her social circle anymore because of one person being so constantly hostile . ~ sigh ~ 
found some AWESOME fabric for only $2 a yard at Wal*mart . Sometimes Evil corporations are still a good thing . :p 
You never realize how many friends you have until you are programming all of their < PROPFIRST > into your new cell phone . But on the bright side I have a working cell phone again . <3 
is worried about Mom-Linda and Becca now . Neither has a job , both got their phones/internet shut off earlier today and their < PROPFIRST > got impounded for expired plates . Anyone need a new costume made right now to help my mother-in-law out with some income ? :( 
Hooray for hanging out with family this weekend in slc . ^_^ 
SWEET ! After harassing my husband for long enough I finally got him to play his MMO today ! Yay Warcrack ! :D 
Too frazzled ... should be responsible and spend this weekend with family instead of playing Mythic . 
I think I've reached that point where I've been out of contact with people long enough that I'm now afraid of being around them again . 
is lame . I forgot my surger at my in-laws house and am needing to make a costume before Thursday . >.<' 
is REALLY excited for her 4 year anniversary tomorrow . ^_^ 
hasn't woken up early like this from excitement since Christmas morning as a child . <3 <3 <3 
thinks too many things are planned on the night of the 21st that she wants to go to . 
has mixed feelings on hearing that Grandpa Phillips died of a stroke . It was an interesting conversation with < PROPFIRST > . 
is very sad . 
and < PROPFIRST > had a lot of fun after the Mythic Realms open house at the Haunted Mansion advertising with Jareth and Kat . ^_^ 
Huh . Tomorrow makes 5 days until my 28th birthday . I've been getting so caught up with stuff for Halloween that I'd actually forgotten about it . o.O ' 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . :) 
family crisis averted , now I can focus on my life again . 
is Happy right now in spite of the fact that this definitely qualifies as a VERY bad week . Tonight we find out if our transmission completely went out yesterday or just broke an internal seal . I am quite thankful that Dad and < PROPMALE > could tow our car home last night . ^_^ 
today I finish wrapping all of the christmas presents , even though we could only afford to buy for family this year . It will be nice to have it done with . :) 
if an argument can cause someone to delete you as a friend and then ignore it when you try to re-add them , I can take a hint for the slap in the face and get on with my life . It just makes me sad when people are so petty and over dramatic . 
is debating on a new years resolution . Looking back over the past year , the thing I am most thankful for is to have remained married . I mourn with my friends who were less fortunate than < PROPFIRST > and I . ~ hugs ~ :( 
today is one of those days where you've been excited for plans for a while , go to the bank , realize you have about $100 less than you thought and suddenly the first < PROPMALE > you've had to see more than one of your friends at a time since October 15th is on the chopping block . I'm going to go blow things up on a video game now . 
Yesterday Dad and I finally got the transmission out of my car . The internal seal had broken completely free and had been rattling loose around the shaft . Hopefully it hasn't burned itself out . We'll get it completely put back together later today . A < PROPFIRST > slipped and I looked over to see the front end teetering down on top of Dad . My heart was in throat for a moment there , but everything was ok . o.O ' 
Getting a new phone number within the next month . Was on a plan with DJ and < PROPFIRST > because I would babysit for them , but living so far away made a closer friend a better option for them . I will keep everyone updated on what my new number is once I get it . I'm excited by the prospect of < PROPFIRST > and I both getting on a plan together and actually having two phones . :) 
It lives ! The new seal seems to be holding on the transmission and the damage wasn't severe enough to burn it out completely , just to make it a little tempermental . We have a working car again . :D 
Family picture , Christmas dinner and Birthday party . < PROPFIRST > works at midnight tonight . Busy day . 
I always forget how terrifying it is to drive in the snow until I do something like slide through a stop sign and almost hit a snow plow . Thinking of cancelling my plans in SLC tonight if it means driving home late on the ice . :( 
Poll : Vaguely Pirate Character - Could be interesting or cliche and silly ? 
If you found yourself with 174 unspent points on your Mythic character , what would YOU do with them ? 
When did I become an outsider ??? 
no longer has an active cell phone . I will post once we get a new one activated , but for the time being I will need to be contacted via e-mail . 
I would like to apologize if my post last tuesday came across as upset . It was more surprise in that I feel like I no longer fit in with certian social groups that I still considered myself to be a part of . 
What is the best OTC migraine medicine ? 
I wish that whoever cloned my e-mail address would send out more interesting spam . Apparently I'm really into discounts on perscription drugs . :( 
has finally settled on new years resolutions . 1 . Try to suck less with family stuff like birthdays and social obligations . 2 . Work on being less socially awkward . Kinda sick of going back and forth between cold logical where I honestly don't get it or overly emotional and equally awkward . >.<' 
Every year , he goes therefor a month to perform , without fee , numerous operations to help those who would be utterly helpless without the kind of assistance he can give . 
is brought to you today by the letter K and the number3 . 
I can see now why a narcotic cough syrup , I think an opiate , is considered a controlled substance . It takes you from plagued to loopy but ok in less than a minute . :) 
just joined a random facebook group called \ < PROPFEMALE > Phillips Is Hilarious . Fact . \ " because it's apparently what people with my name do . There's a LOT of people named < PROPFEMALE > Phillips it seems . " 
got over herself and is really excited for the event this weekend . :) 
is annoyed by the plague relapse . However , with enough medication I am still functional and loopy as heck . Woo ! :) 
Skulls should not turn out looking nearly this adorable ! ~ grumble ~ 
is debating on getting her hair done for Wintefest or not because I will just be spraying it all white anyway . ~ ponder ~ 
Ebrus banner and arm bands are done ! Allerion's new longer tabbard is also done ! Today I just need to finish the choker I'm making for me and my Winterfest sewing is completely done ! THEN I can get all of < PROPFIRST>'s sewing done and be basically caught up on all my < PROPMALE > sewing projects . I am excited . :D 
had an AMAZING time at WinterFest . :) 
has a husband ! Stop clinging to me like I'm your girlfriend ! 
~ sigh ~ World of Warcraft is eating my husbands life . He is getting 3 hours of sleep , or less , before work because he stayed up to go with his guild on a raid that ended up falling through . :( 
Sadness ! There is finally a Mythic event scheduled on a Thursday , which means < PROPFIRST > and I can actually go because we have a < PROPMALE > conflict with Wednesdays , and it is closed down as a private event my character would have no idea about to get an invite to . :( 
is going to Union Station today to have < PROPFIRST > take pics of her and < PROPFIRST > for his school project . :) 
Hooray for freetaxusa.com! Expecting a refund in about 2 weeks now . Cat is also starting to do a bit better with the constant spraying of bactine on her neck . :) 
I can never keep up ... is it doppleganger week or super hero week for facebook profile pics ? 
is drama today and isn't happy about that fact . :( 
The facebook messenger is not a reliable way to contact me . Try Yahoo , MSN messenger or GChat instead . E-mail is probably your best option . :) 
is no longer ok with just dealing with panic attacks . Time to go bother some kind of medical professional to get this medicated into submission ! >:( 
Holding on to anger is like holding on to a hot coal with the intention of throwing it at someone . Who are you really hurting ? 
It has come to my attention that a lot of people don't have my contact information because I don't have a cell phone right now . Send me a message or leave a comment if you are wanting the house line number . 
Hooray ! Tax returns were deposited today . We are now officially out of credit card debt . This is a huge step in getting debt free completely . :) 
All the lonely people ... where do they all come from ? I don't know , but on Valentines day they seem to band together in their misery to make happy couples feel guilty for having someone in their lives . :/ 
My Dear Friends : I love you guys . However , my drama quota has been met . Please stop coming to me with a constant barrage of personal problems and negativity . I would love to enjoy the pleasure of your company , but for that to happen you need to be enjoyable to be around first . Normally this is ok , but right now it is just too much . 
Just got home from a romantic dinner with the husband to avoid the V Day rush . Still waiting to hear back from people before making plans for tomorrow . :) 
eep ! 2 desert potlucks ? I've already spent hours researching the perfect brownies . Now I have 4 days to come up with a second desert . ~ stressed ~ 
is a bit overwhelmed . Too many projects to get caught up on ! :( 
eek ! Please please please please PLEASE no more application invites or gifts ! Not into that anymore and getting upset at how much it clutters up Facebook ! :( 
Which is better with chocolate- more chocolate or more chocolate and sprinkles ? 
I like pictures . The ones I tend to keep remind me of the best days in life . When people are unhappy , they tend to take less pictures to remember it by . Today , I glanced over the wedding album scrap book again . THAT was a good day . :) 
Were I in a complaining mood , I would mutter and grumble against migraines and sickness that ruined weekend plans in SLC . However , as it seems to be going away again now , there seems no point . So I will just say that I am happy to not be sick anymore . :) 
I'm not sure if I love or hate roleplay with characters that leaves them bitter , angry and contemplative . Very immersive and thought provoking , yet still so difficult to play through when a character is utterly devistated . 
Just to check- if you can still flex it , it's not broken , just really bruised . Correct ? 
Anyone wanting to make social plans next week ? :) 
failed at making plans this weekend when a last minute complication came up . Perhaps I need to stop making plans in advance and be more spontaneous ? 
< PROPFIRST > and I realized that the only dress I owned ( outside of skirts/tops ) was the one I wore to my sister < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding over 10 years ago . So ... last night I bought two of them . One is a summer casual dress and the other is a social dress . :) 
Been under a rock somewhere . Trying to rejoin humanity again , but will need some time to catch up . :p 
Those who graduated with me in 2000 from Fremont- Our 10 year reunion is next weekend . Come say hi and we can catch up . 
can't help but notice that there seem to be new LARP groups popping up all over the place right after she is put on meds that specifically say to \avoid activities that may cause bruising\ " . ~ grumble ~ " 
Who's going to Palanthar this weekend ? < PROPFIRST > and I were unable to contact < PROPFIRST > last night and want to make sure that his stuff makes it up to the event . Let us know if you're willing to take it and we'll bring it to you sometime today . 
Some days people have nothing significant to post beyond a < PROPFEMALE > to not be forgotten by the world through their silence . 
I like short men , but tall guys really are a lot more fun to take home with you . 
This morning I heard the song \Axel F\ " on the radio . It made me giddy . I remember listening to that as a . mod file on my parents Pentium 1 . :) " 
House shopping is a much different experience than I thought it would be . Hooray for the modern age where I can do half of my research online before I start asking for tours ! ^_^ 
accidentally ended up sleeping for 16 of the past 24 hours . >.> 
I spent a fair portion of what is now yesterday dressed up as a phoenix for a photo shoot . :) 
Sometimes the key to happiness is waking up next to someone you love and knowing that there's nothing you have to get done for the next few hours . :) 
is wishing that all of the LARP's played at Mantua\ 
so she could stop by friday night through saturday morning at ALL the different games . Also- Hooray for being taken off of meds that cause\ 
severe easy bruising ! ^_^ 
Once Dad can find time to tear into our car , we'll know for sure if it's a blown head gasket or worse . Stupid overheating cars in July heat . :\\ 
The best part about exploding cars is getting to drive Dad's Moab jeep around . If I ever get my own jeep , I want a lift < PROPFEMALE > , rock rails and a cage style front bumper over my head lights too because they are AWESOME ! A rack on top would also be nice . :) 
is excited ! Today the entire local family is going up to Pineview Reservoir to go swimming and boating together . :) 
You know you don't use your cheese fast enough when you buy medium cheddar and it's sharp by the time you finish it . 
Took out a car < PROPFEMALE > . Hoping to have a new vehicle within the next week or two , but this will delay buying a house until February . :( 
Pizza : It's how poor people with friends get moved . :) 
Babysat 3 of my sister < PROPFEMALE>'s 4 kids this week on four different days . It has given me a new appreciation for both having and not having kids . Very fun to borrow , definitely not ready for my own . 
Sadness ! I thought the Zombie Prom was next weekend instead of yesterday , thus I missed it . :( 
There are too many bitter people in the world who insist on adding negative comments to happy postings . To them I say Get Over Thine Self . :p 
Yesterday < PROPFIRST > and I drove up to Bear Lake for the day ( on no sleep , but fun anyway ) to spend some time with the family . I'd forgotten how much fun it is to go tubing behind my Dad's boat ! :) 
There are people in this world you can only truly appreciate and respect when you're not living with them . My sister-in-law < PROPFEMALE > is moving back to Utah next week . Time apart has helped me come to appreciate how hard of a worker and what a dedicated mother she is , even though we were terrible together living under the same roof . I'm excited to see my nephew < PROPMALE > again as well . ^_^ 
< Something Positive or Interesting > 
Debating on what I would do for a Klondike bar . Just going out and buying one seems too easy . Maybe if I do it in costume ? 
Today I dismantled the first boffer I ever made 10 years ago . It says a lot about my playing style that the tape went bad before the weapon itself did . o.O ' 
Ever walk through the grass and get something in your shoe , only to remove your foot to discover a hornet ? Very lucky I didn't get stung or bitten before it crawled out and away . 
I used to fear being old because I thought I'd be boring . Now I realize that it's actually more of a zen state where you feel more comfortable with mature decisions in your life over constant excitement . 
< PROPFIRST > and I kinda suck at actually saving gifts for special occasions . So ... for our 5 year wedding anniversary on the 15th we've already given each other presents . This year was a Warcraft theme . < PROPFIRST > got me my own WoW account and will put my character on it this Thursday and I got him the Warcraft 3 Battlechest . Much fun ! ^_^ 
Hooray for spending time with family this weekend ! Had a lot of fun with Mom-in-Law < PROPFEMALE > and Becca . :) 
This Saturday is the SLC Rally to Restore Sanity at the Library Plaza . < PROPFIRST > and I are really excited to go because we're unable to make the main rally with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in DC . It's 10 AM to 1 PM for anyone interested in joining us . 
Well , it completely wiped out our savings and we had to take out a < PROPFEMALE > , but we were able to make a collection agency go away from when we were struggling in the past . It's nice to be that much closer to a clean slate of credit . :) 
Happy Actual Halloween ! 
Time to go out and enjoy my last day of being 28 . :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! <3 
It took me 29 years to have my first shared birthday party . Yesterday I had a family celebration with my eldest nephew . I asked for Grasshopper cookies and got 6 packages of them ! :) 
start the job on monday doing inbound call center work for medicare . This puts me in SLC ( near the airport ) from 3p-11p M-F for the next 7 weeks if someone wants to make plans to < PROPFEMALE > out before or after . 
The Good : So far I am liking my new job . The Bad : With the loans we've had to take out , getting a house now looks more like a year away . The Ugly : Just finished 88 neon orange leopard print spell packets with poly pellet filling . <3 
Finances are a bit tight for Christmas . I love my friends dearly , but it is looking like we will only be able to afford gifts for immediate family . Please don't think that < PROPFIRST > and I love any of you any less for it . :( 
Today my cat Tybalt is missing her best friend < PROPFEMALE > ( Becca's cat ) . :( 
I apologize for the many e-mails I have yet to respond to . I lost my job just after Thanksgiving and < PROPFIRST>'s hours have been cut at work . I hate posting negative crap , but didn't want to just disappear off the face of the earth again for a while . 
