hoping for a good New Year . 

got good grades this quarter . 
thinks that some men are just born to be jerks . 
is happy that her cousin graduated from Cal Poly Pomona this weekend . 
wishes that some men would see the error of their ways . 
cannot wait for Anime Expo , and is sad that < PROPFIRST > Mays died . 
worried about her step-dad because he might die this weekend . His Cancer has gotten much worse . 
is about to see what is to come . 
is not looking forward to Saturday . 
is waiting for someone to slap her in the face . 
is wondering why people do the things they do ? 
is waiting to see what the future will hold . 
is having fun with her relatives . Not ! 
has a contusion and is putting a hot towel on her head to get rid of it . 
is feeling much better today , and cannot wait to get back to classes . 
cannot believe anyone would be a fan of Kanye West after what happened on the VMAs tonight . 
is wondering if someone in her life truly cares for her , or if he is just using her ? 
says maybe we can work things out , maybe ? 
says it looks like there is a light at the end of the tunnel , and health insurance companies cannot no longer discriminate people who have a pre-exising health condition . 
doesn't get how some guys can be so clueless . 
so glad she is waiting and is finding out what life really has in store for her . 
is getting her brother's information from his computer for the first time in three years . Step-father took it from her , and now she is taking it all back . 
cannot stand being on campus for 14 hours straight , unless she has a lot to do , which she does not at the moment . 
doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > very much at the moment . Advising everyone not to buy < PROPFEMALE > Dimension E520 Desktops . 
finally has her < PROPFEMALE > laptop and her < PROPFEMALE > desktop fixed , but at what cost ? 
some people just baffle the mind . 
is going to go through a lot of changes and is going to learn how to deal with them one day at a time . 
new sink , new faucet , and < PROPFEMALE > paid for a new computer because the < PROPFEMALE > Dimension E520 was declared a lemon . I am so damn happy right now . 
is having to deal with a lot of things at one time . 
was electrocuted this morning , and now she doesn't feel right . 
the work , it never ends ... 
says that the English Department at Cal Poly is out for blood . No more cutbacks , no my class cuts , and no more unit cuts ! Tell President Ortiz that we want our college back ! 
getting ready for things in at Cal Poly Pomona to get worse . Wondering how to fight back ? 
got a new external hard drive for a really , REALLY low price . Feeling pretty happy right about now . 
is waiting for the fun to begin . 
saying Happy Halloween , be safe , don't eat too much < PROPFEMALE > , and party like there is no tomorrow . 
says Happy Halloween and feel free to check out the new photos . 
says that it is back to studying . 
waiting for my niece's baby to be born , she's due today ! 
is writing her essay , but is having trouble coming up with anything ... thinks that she might be out of ideas ... 
says that the revolution will be televised . 
says that her niece just had a baby girl ! 
is feeling all warm and fuzzy inside , but not for long . 
thinks that life is a test , a test to see how much you can handle before you break . 
is making a statement ! 
says the revolution starts tomorrow . 
is ready to go to bed , but is still thinking about her draft for class . Has it finished , but is wondering whether or not she should have cut more out of it ? 
says that UCLA stole CPP's thunder ! We didn't even make the 6 o'clock news ! 
says she went to Medieval Times for her birthday and it was awesome . Has found a new love for lances and ancient torture devices . Wants to know more about Medieval history . 
says \two more days until I get my pumpkin pie \"." 
it's my birthday , < PROPFIRST > Twain's birthday , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday , and < PROPFIRST > Idol's birthday ! 
says that Students for Quality Education is going to ask for YOUR help ! 
says that SQE is going to ask for everyone's help in making sure that there are no further cuts to the CSU and UCs . This goes out to everyone in high school and community college , we are going to start asking you all to sign petitions to help us keep our universities . 
was up for several hours completing her essay . Feels extremely tired , and feels like she is ready to drop dead on the floor . Coffee not helping ... 
working on her research paper and learning Spanish . 
says two down and one more to go . 
is ready for Christmas Vacation ! 
has her grades and is on Winter Break . 
is getting sick of the holidays . 
says < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Happy Holidays , and she is ready to go to sleep now . 
just wishes she could find out what is truly going on with her stomach . 
says \Happy New Year\ " to everyone and don't you all drink too much . " 
Happy New Year's everyone , in case I fall asleep before the ball drops ! 
says that the first day of classes are insane . I hope that everyone got the classes that they needed . 
is in the madness that is the Cal Poly Bronco Bookstore ! May not get her books today and is very frustrated about it . 
says that Cal Poly Bronco Bookstore was madness . Ordering online would have been much better . 
cannot believe what life throws at her , but is accepting it for what it is . 
says that grandmother is doing better , but aunt will be here next week . Oh joy ! 
can't wait for Thursday ! 
is seeing that you cannot control what life has to throw at you . Be thankful that you are alive and try to live life as best as you can before it all goes away . 
just did a few hours of Spanish studies while trying to deal with her family drama . Someone please help me ! 
is getting mad at her Spanish book . Mi libro de texto es no muy bueno . 
is getting signatures one Cal Poly Student at a time . 
is ready to go home , but has Spanish Class next with a professor who is muy malo ! 
wishes that she had a break . 
One paper due today , and one paper due tomorrow . I am going to be exhausted after this . 
March 4th will be the ultimate day of action . 
to the the students of Cal Poly Pomona , please support February 25th , 2010 . \Change for Change \"!" 
staring at her Theater book , and wondering if she should read it again after she has already read it three times ? 
Last reminder : \Change for Change\ " at CPP in the University Quad at U-Hour . Wear white shirts and black arm bands . " 
watching the 10 o'clock news right now , and still haven't seen SQE on there yet . 
going over her lines for her Shakespeare final . 
says that life is full of surprises . 
I hate my Spanish Professor and I hate my Spanish Book . This class is a waste of my time , my instructor is terrible , and I am so frustrated with this class that I could scream ! 
I cannot wait for Spring Break . I am dying with all of these group projects and papers . 
confined to my house until I finish at least half or all of my Spanish Studies tonight . 
fui estudiando español y Shakespeare por siete horas . 
going to really hate finals ! 
I have accomplished one thing this week , and that is < PROPMALE > of negotiation . 
it's a race to the final exam finish line . I am so exhausted ! I cannot wait for Spring Break . 
cannot wait for Spring Break . Two back to back finals tomorrow that I am not at really looking forward to . 
is very sick . Possibly the stomach flu . Has been attempting to get a hold of her last study group to tell them that I cannot make it , but I am not hearing back from them . I am so sick I can barely move around and I feel weak . 
is not getting much better and might possibly have to go to Urgent Care if things get worse . 
is so glad that finals are over , feeling slightly better from yesterday , and VERY ANGRY AT KAISER PERMANENTE for the aggravation I had to go through today when getting my Asthma medication . I have pay $105 for a prescription that I used to only pay $20 for . Totally p***ed off about this . 
went to Big Bear and saw \Alice and Wonderland\ " . Great day . " 
estudiando español para Español 251 en primavera 2010 . 
playing the waiting game ... 
got just about everything taken care of today . 
is so relieved right now . Has her grades in and her GPA is still intact . 
Spring Break is almost over ... back to classes I go ... 
back to classes , back to chaos ! 
is wishing her brother were here right now . I really could use his advice . 
is asking the big questions , and is seeing few answers . 
is slightly relieved for now . 
needs to study , but just not in the mood . 
procrastinating badly on her studies and I think that is because I am having massive trouble getting a look at my classes on Blackboard . 
I am sick of being a scape goat , and I won't be anymore . If anyone thinks of treating me like a scape goat again , I will tell them to go to Hell . Oh , and Happy Easter to those who see me as person and not as a sacrificial lamb . 
wishes that I were like Hiro Nakamura from \Heroes\ " had the power to freeze time . " 
something seems off . I cannot put my finger on it , but something is off . 
In memory of a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this ... in memory of all fallen soldiers , marines airmen and sailors ! 
going to study now , and I am hoping that I do not pass out while I am studying . 
My mom and I are about to make a really tough decision . 
going to find ways to reduce my stress because if I don't begin really living a less stress live-style , I know that I will regret it . 
grammatically , Spanish and English are not as different as people think . 
when it rains , it pours , and then it floods ! 
time ... 
Frisky < PROPMALE > , my cat of almost 14 years , passed away today from Feline Leukemia . He passed on at around 3:15 PM , April 15 , 2010 . 
I woke up this morning looking for Frisky . I miss him . I don't have < PROPFIRST > and I don't Frisky . 
had a nice weekend , and then had to go back to classes today . 
today is going to be the beginning of a new day for me . No more negative thinking , and I am going to get my life together . 
Happy Birthday Frisky ! 
trying to see life from a positive perspective . 
thinking to myself \Life is a journey and not a destination \"." 
it feels so good when I am caught up with all of my studies . 
getting ready to watch \V \"." 
Got to campus , fired up my laptop , only to find out that my class was canceled today . Oh , and Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone ! 
Grammar of Modern English is the class that really will kick my butt this quarter . 
Laptop had an accident . Thankfully , I bought that warranty . Sadly , I have to resort to using my desktop for two weeks . 
Life sucks without my laptop ! 
says \Happy Mother's Day\ " to all of the moms out there ! " 
had brunch with Grandmother , mom , < PROPFIRST > , and my boyfriend at Knott's < PROPFIRST > Farm . By the way , the food was awesome ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms out there ! 
and just when I thought that I was done with drama , it comes back . I am really beginning to hate my own gender . 
cousins are here from Montana and they want to spend time with the family tonight , I have studying to do and lots of it , and I have a test tomorrow and Friday . My cousins have what is called \BAD TIMING ! \"" 
It's official ! I am going to summer school this summer so that I can get out on time . 
Why is it that I can never seem to win an argument when it truly matters ? 
Life is like a test , if you pass , you go on to the next level , if you fail , then you go nowhere . 
sometimes , you just have to face reality , even when you don't want to . 
some people just love to kill your dreams , and those are the people that will one day see their dreams crushed as well . 
Why do the elderly love the color \yellow \"?" 
If CPP switches to a semester system , I am going to cry ! 
having new siding put on my house , and it is looking pretty good . 
I am so excited ! My laptop is home where it belongs and the siding on my house is almost finished . 
Happy Memorial Day everyone ! 
Men ! Help me out here : Why is it that when we women have something important to say to you men , something that could save a person's life or something , you all still choose not to listen ? Please , enlighten me here ! 
My cats are insane ! 
I am slowly , but surely getting finished with my Stress Management take home final . 
Thank goodness this is finals week because I am going to need a break . 
Yeah , my house is finished being remodeled ! 
It's been one Hell of a quarter , and I am glad that it's over . 
So ... did you all feel that Earthquake ? I was in Ontario when it happened . 
I am hoping that good things really are worth waiting for because right now my < PROPFEMALE > is wearing thin . 
People astound me sometimes . Every day I am amazed by what people do to others with or without even realizing it . 
How I feel does not matter because someone else might feel it too , but in a different way . How I feel may not matter to anyone , and it might fall on deaf ears . Either way , does any of it matter ? 
I am so happy to finally have light back in my room again . I missed having light so much . 
Some people need to understand that when you are in a college or public library that it is a place for reading and studying and not for socializing , but who actually remembers this anymore ? 
Well , I could not get < PROPFEMALE > groomed today . < PROPFEMALE > was not in the mood and she was trying to get away from the groomer at all cost . She is going to be 13 years old soon . 
Finished reading all of \Scott Pilgrim\ " and now I cannot wait until the film and the sixth book come out . " 
This argument for speech class might end up killing me . 
has been studying for hours , and I am still not sure how I am going to argue my topic . 
My Com 204 class is driving me nuts ! Arguments are not my specialty . 
One more week of Com 204 and I am done . 
I'm back . I was in the hospital for a few days , don't worry , I'm fine , but I need to take some time off for a while . 
Since I have finished reading all of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim , I cannot wait any longer to see the film and I really do hope that it doesn't disappoint my expectations . 
Today is a great day ! There are many reasons to celebrate . 
went to Laguna Beach on Saturday and the California Science Center today . I love the beach and I am beginning to love Mummies . 
I do not like my new neighbors ! They threaten to < PROPFEMALE > me just because I told them to move their stuff away from my house . 
Electricity will be shutdown in a few hours . I will not be able to use the computer . 
I went to the Angels Game tonight , they won , but I don't enjoy baseball that much . It's boring . 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . The World was EPIC !!! This film was awesome . I couldn't stop laughing . I laughed so hard that I was crying . This movie was great . 
Why can't my mother and her sister just get along ? Anyway , feeling slightly better , I was in a < PROPMALE > funk . Seeing Lucky's sweet little < PROPFEMALE > face really made my day . He is so cute . 
I had nothing to do tonight , so I went to Acapulco in < PROPFEMALE > Bar and pigged out on enchiladas . I hadn't had enchiladas in a while , and I was having massive cravings for them . 
My neighbor across the street are the worst people ever . It is 102 degrees and they have their poor little dog out there in the heat . What is wrong with these people ? 
I hate lab test . I paid $10 just to find out that nothing is wrong with me , and to feel so tired that I didn't even want to move yesterday . 
Finally feeling better , and just watching television . 
My mom's television just broke , she doesn't know . Please don't tell her or call her because I am going to film her reaction to this when she gets home to turn on her television . For the record , my grandmother was the one who discovered it was broken and she also in on this . 
Fail ! Total Fail ! The television was still working when she walked in , but I know that it will just be a matter of time until it doesn't work again . 
It was already 83 degrees in my house at 11:30 AM . This is going to be one Hell of a summer ! 
Well , it's 91 degrees today , so I guess it is cooler than yesterday ? 
Still awake and watching \Mystery Diagnosis\ " . I feel like I should be a doctor after watching so many episodes of this show . " 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copyand paste . I did . Will you ? Show love to those who are in the fight 
If you all love Legos , watch channel ABC 7 tonight because there will be a story on the Legos . 
Several people I know have a birthday on the 9th of September . Too many September birthdays . 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = I'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = goofy , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = in shape , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = ...... gangster , 19 = nerd , 20 = I love you 
Happy birthday to my Grandmother < PROPFIRST > who is 90 today , my friend < PROPMALE > , and my friend < PROPFIRST > . Seriously , I can't believe you people were all born on the same day ! 
Thank goodness it's Friday ! 
I went to the Knott's < PROPFIRST > Farm Chicken Dinner Restaurant today . Those biscuits are heaven . 
Sitting in the living room with my mother , while she is watching my television ( her television finally passed away on 9/11 ) , and she is watch a Cubs game and I heard the The Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . Theme Song being played at the game . That was so cool . 
Okay , everyone I don't have much time , my internet is dying on me tonight . The ready light keeps flashing randomly on my internet box . SOS . 
Okay , looks like my internet is working for now , but for how long , I don't know , anyway I am making the most of it in case it dies on me again . 
Went to the doctor today , wasn't as bad I thought it would be , but it wasn't as great as I thought that it would be . 
Wearing those Salon Pas pads on my shoulder and back and they feel so good , especially when my shoulders and back have been hurting for as long as they have . 
Ready to go back to classes this week . 
Getting ready to go back to Cal Poly this week . Hopefully things will go well this quarter because I don't want to end up in the hospital again . 
Sitting on my bed , next to my little Lucky . He's so cute , so precious , and he is the sweetest cat that I have ever had . I love him so much . 
I am so sick of my mother's games . It's getting to the point where I am ready to leave her , and I never want to see her or speak to her again . 
Can't wait to start classes on Friday . 
Going to take a really long walk . Might be gone for hours . Need to vent my frustration right now before I lose it . 
One-hundred and eleven ( 111 ) Degrees Fahrenheit in Pomona today . It's like an oven out there . 
Chaucer and Spanish going to kick my butt this quarter . Not sure what I got myself into . 
My computer says that it is raining in Pomona , but I don't see it . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , ChristopherGoeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives this week , No media mention . Please HONOR THEM by reposting this . 
Finally got all of my studying done . Didn't know that I would have this much work in one weekend . I feel a little sense of accomplishment . 
Looks like it is really going to rain , but it is only < PROPFEMALE > . 
is walking with JDRF to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on Sunday , November 7 , 2010 . Follow this link to support me : http://walk.jdrf.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=extranet.personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook 
Okay , I made cooked squash with onion today , and it was good , but I put a little too much water with it . This the first time I have done this , and it was a learning experience . 
Not in a good mood right now . Had a massive problem with Blackboard . I am beginning to hate technology right now . 
Someone gave me pumpkin pie today . And to that person , you're my best friend forever , thank you ! I love pumpkin pie ! 
In a very happy mood right now . The neighbors from Hell , who live across the street from me , have finally moved out once and for all . 
It just poured down rain all at once . Good thing it didn't rain on me while I was outside . 
Made squash again today , and it came out better than it did the last time . 
To all of my Sigma Tau < PROPFEMALE > Friends , sorry I can't make it to the meeting tomorrow . I will be training for Election Day . 
So ... tired ... saw Jeph Loeb again today , got a picture this time , and I also got < PROPFIRST > Mignola's autograph . Good times . 
Saw Jeph Loeb twice today . Both times were by accident . This is last years LBCC all over again . 
Had a pretty good Halloween , but now I am exhausted from my weekend . Went to LBCC and met a lot of awesome people . Sadly , another year without a picture of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and me . 
Worked at the election polls and voted yesterday . Accomplishment ! 
It is 98 Degrees and climbing . A hot day in November ... when does this ever happen ? 
Everyone , I need you all to stay away from me until Sunday . I have the flu . How I got I don't know , but I am assuming that it came from someone in Bld . 5 at CPP . If any of you have classes in Bld . 5 , brace yourselves , you might have it too . 
It's been one of those weekends folks . 
Baker's Classes were cancelled again today . I am really worried about her and I hope that she is okay . 
It has been one Hell of a day . Classes were cancelled again , the room for one of my classes was changed , and my step-father and his son are trapped at sea . Wonder how the rest of this week is going to go ? 
I feel like certain things are in limbo right now . My classes certainly feel like they are in limbo right now . 
Going to bed , can't worry anymore about anything because it's all just nine hours away . Hoping my professor is well and that she will show up to class tomorrow , and I am hoping that my step-father and the people on the cruise all make it home safely . 
Thanks to all of the men and women who are serving our country . 
Step-dad and the people from the cruise arrived on shore at 8:30 PM , and my instructor is out of heart surgery and recovering . This really has been one of those weeks . 
Today looks like it's going to be a good day . 
walked for JDRF to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on Sunday , November 7 , 2010 . Follow this link to support : http://walk.jdrf.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=extranet.personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook 
Angry right now . Trying real hard not to be because I have a midterm tomorrow , but I am furious . 
One more month starting at 12AM tonight for Tron Legacy ! 
Took my midterm today , and I feel better since it is over . 
I love Fridays ! Today was a great day . 
Finally caught up on all of my journal entries ! 
One more week of classes left , yeah ! 
Having massive writer's block . This isn't good especially since this is my last exam . 
Going to Black Angus with my grandmother for my birthday . 
The day after my birthday ... let the madness begin ! 
Happy Hanukkah everyone ! Sadly , on this festival of lights , I have to work on my essay for eight crazy nights ! 
Brain ... feeling ... fried ... need ... some ... time ... away ... from ... computer ... 
I found my muse for my essay , and her name is < PROPFEMALE > ! ( Okay , < PROPFEMALE > isn't one of the nine muses , but she is going to be my muse for my essay . ) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
I have finally gotten rid of my writer's block , and it's all thanks to a Greek nymph called \Echo \"!" 
My essay is finished , and now I just need someone to look at it a critique it for me . 
my one and only grandmother , < PROPFIRST > , is in the hospital right now . To those of you who know her , my number is ( 909 ) 319-0846 . Contact me if you all need any more information . 
My grandmother's in the hospital , my allergies and Asthma are acting up , and I just finished finals . It's only Tuesday , and already it's been one of those weeks . 
Well , my grandmother is still in the hospital , and what is worse is that I have laryngitis . This is not my week . I am thankful that finals are over for me and that I don't have to worry about that . 
Okay , name off all of the things I can do to get rid of laryngitis . I have Halls , Green Tea , chicken soup , water , vitamins , oranges , orange juice , Tylenol ( Extra Strength ) , Kleenex , and plenty of rest . Can anyone name anything else ? 
Just drank green tea and took a few Hall cough suppressants . The tea made me feel a little better , but I think that I might have to drink more to break up whatever is in me . I am going to fight laryngitis with every thing I have . I hate being sick , and I will do whatever it takes not to be sick . I am sick of being sick ! 
Grandmother's going to be in the hospital for a few more days . 
This Laryngitis that I have is going to get the beat down of it's life . 
Using Robitussin Chest Congestion to get rid of this Laryngitis . Like I said , I am fighting this off as much as I can . 
Day 4 : My grandmother is still in the hospital , and I still have laryngitis , but at least it is not as bad as Tuesday . 
I hate having laryngitis . Hate , hate , hate it ! 
Day 5 : Getting over the Laryngitis , and my grandmother should be coming home from the hospital today . 
Grandma is out of the hospital , but for how long , I don't know . My laryngitis is getting a little better , so hopefully I will be back to normal by Sunday . 
Okay , grandmother was not admitted to the hospital yesterday , yes she went to the ER , but she is okay now . My family is also putting me in charge of taking care of my grandmother . 
Final grades for the quarter , one A and two Bs . This is good news , since the bad news is my grandmother might be going back to the hospital again , and I have Bronchitis . My doctor confrimed it . This is going to be a fun Christmas . 
Things might be looking better today . My Bronchitis is settling down ( thank you antibiotics ) and I am taking my grandmother to see her regular doctor because her doctor seems to be the only one who knows what to do with her . 
Just took medication for cough . Hungry for crackers . 
Tron was visually stunning . The story was okay . Oh , and Lucky broke his collar this morning . Well , he's two years old , go figure . 
Going to be another long week ahead of me . More doctors appointments and more specialist to see for grandmother . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! It is a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas for me ! Kaiser Permanente gave me the greatest Christmas gift that I could ever ask for ! 
I had a great Christmas ! I got the gift of six months without having to pay co-payments and medication . I got a lot of great gifts . This was the best Christmas ever ! 
Another fun filled day today ... 
Hoping that I am not coming down with Bronchitis again . Please let this be allergies . 
Silver Surfer is in the shop , my back is killing me so I am wear a Salon Pas patch , taking care of Grandma , and wear moisture gloves ( my hands are as dry as the Mojave Desert thanks to this weather ) . 
Being thankful that I am going to the doctor tomorrow . The headaches are getting worse and I can't seem to stop sneezing . I am having to sneeze every hour on the hour . 
Drinking my latest creation . I am going to have a fiber overload . 
Five hours of studying and four hours of dealing with Grandmother . I need a break , I think the new boxes of tea I bought are calling my name . Too bad , there is no Sleepy Time or Nighty Night in the set . 
Restless . 
Well , I have to purchase a new vacuum cleaner . My Kenmore of four years sucks , and not in a good way . 
Allergies and Asthma suck ! Thank goodness for modern medicine . 
Can't believe this came back on me . Thought that I was over it , but it just won't back down . My arch-nemesis Bronchitis is back . Time to go into this one with antibiotics blazing ! Die Bronchitis ! DIE ! 
Looking up information on < PROPMALE > , Socrates , Plato and Aristotle . Sadly , < PROPMALE > is not as interesting as Shakespeare . He doesn't even begin to compare . 
My Lucky < PROPFEMALE > is a bundle of energy . The < PROPFEMALE > is wreaking havoc on my house . 
Midterms are killing me ! I might be stuck at my house or the CPP library all weekend . 
Cleaned my house , dealt with Dubby (<PROPFIRST>'s cat ) , and now doing my best to study . 
I want to get these midterms over with . I am studying so much my brain is fried . 
Needs to sleep , but is worried about all of the things I have to do between now and Wednesday . 
Writing papers , studying for midterms , writing papers , studying for midterms ... 
Her doctors , her two daughters and I told her not to drive , and what does she do ...? She drives the Mach 2 to my house . The woman is a glutton for punishment . 
Three days of study groups , studying , and finishing my paper , and now I have a massive headache . 
Not sure about my second Midterm . Really not feeling too good about it . 
Fear ... fear of the unknown ... fear of what is to come and what will be ... 
Time ... something that I never , ever , have enough of ... 
Papers , papers , and more papers ... and I midterm next Friday ... it just doesn't end . 
Heard today that Borders is on the verge of bankruptcy . If you all can , just now and then or every weekend if you all can , buy a book . Doesn't have to be expensive , it can be under $20 or under $10 , but just buy a book . Make sure these book stores don't go out of business . 
Got a B on my < PROPMALE > Midterm . I am relieved because that was brutal . 
Four more weeks to go . I just have to muster up as much energy as I have left and get myself through it . 
My last midterm was canceled today , and is now scheduled for Monday . Not too happy because I wanted to get it done and over with today , but it's out of my hands . 
My allergies are out of control this morning , and I am taking nearly every allergy medication known to man . 
Common sense ... why don't more people have it ? 
To everyone out there : Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! And , to all of my single friends : Happy Singles Awareness Day ! 
Okay , got rid of all of the negative energy in my house . Now it's time to get a good grade on that next Midterm . 
Watching the Watson kick < PROPMALE > Jennings butt is so much fun . I love that computer . 
This is a sad day . The Borders in Montclair , CA is one of the 200 stores closing down this year . 
I edited an essay that made me cringe . Wondering why some students choose the < PROPMALE > that they do ? 
Saw the \Store Closing\ " signs at my favorite Borders today . Ready to cry . I have been going to this Borders since I was in middle school and it is still hard to see it go . " 
Feeling strange tonight . Don't like this feeling . 
Feeling better this morning , did some mediation and some aroma therapy . Need to keep myself calm and relaxed . 
The feeling of relief has just flowed throughout my entire body today . I can now breathe a little easier today . 
My mom got the Thin Mints today ! So happy ! If there is one good thing that I can say about the Girl Scouts , it's that their cookies are awesome ! 
Big weight has been lifted off of my shoulders , but as that one has been placed off of my shoulders , another has been put on them . 
< PROPMALE > was cancelled today , so now I am working on all of the things that I have to do for my other classes . This is going to be a long week . 
Sometimes , I wonder about people . I really , really , really wonder why people do some of the stupid things that they do ? 
Getting real worried about this debate tomorrow . Trying not to be worried , but I am worried . 
Okay , things are finally coming along . I am breathing a little easier now . 
< PROPFIRST > is back ! And she is ready to kick some debating ass ! 
Time to work my butt off . 
Finished with one thing , only to find out that there is more to do tomorrow . 
Finished two out of the three of my finals . Just one more to go . 
Okay , English scholars , and non-English scholars . Use a picture of your favorite author for your profile . 
My heart goes out to the people of Japan right now . 
Finished with finals . Now I just have to turn in my extra credit work on Monday , and I can have a happy Spring Break . 
playing the waiting game ... again ... this is going to be a long night . 
OMG , I cannot believe how unreliable some people can be . I did my part , and I expect my group members to deliver . Why do I usually get stuck with people who are not willing to do what they need to do ? 
The feeling of relief . What a wonderful feeling ! It's great when group member finally deliver . 
FREEDOM ! 
Okay , I know what two of my grades are going to be , now I am playing the waiting game for the last one . 
Life is so short and so fragile . Before we know it , it's over , and then what do we have to show for it ? What have we accomplish ? 
My friend < PROPFIRST > just found 4 newborn kittens in the trash at Azusa High School . Their eyes aren't even open yet . Please , I need help finding a mother for them . Please re-post this ! These kittens will die soon if I can't get them the help they need . Come on guys , they are just babies and they need a mom ! 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & he studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting on makeup hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more people than you think . Put this as YOUR status if YOU'RE against bullying ! 
Okay , I have come to the conclusion that I am OCD about my GPA . 
Top O ' the Mornin ' to everyone ! 
Just when you think that you have seen and heard it all , you have seen nothing yet . 
Getting ready to do a whole lot of Spring Cleaning ! 
Rain ... lots of rain ... 
Long Beach Comic Book Expo here I come , oh and ACC the weekend after . 
Crisis adverted ! So glad that I was able to add the class I needed , since one of my classes was dropped . 
I am so hoping that it is not going to be one of those days . 
Today is one very busy day . The cats have to go to the vet for their shots , and my mother and I have to move things to get the carpets cleaned . Fun , fun , fun ... 
I am afraid that a friend of mine might do something stupid , and I hope that for his sake he doesn't because life is too damn short to do something that you will end up regretting . 
Spring Quarter 2011 , and it's already starting out with a bang . My mom hurt herself at work today . She is now walking on a cane . It's bad enough that grandmother uses a cane , but my mother as well ? * Face Palm * 
What does it take for some people to realize what common sense is ? 
My mom is home today . She twisted her ankle and bruised her hip at work yesterday . None of you would believe how it happened . 
Keep your friends close , and keep your enemies as close as humanly possible because before you know it , they will show their true colors . 
I have to wonder why there are so many stupid people in this world ? Because in the last two weeks alone I have seen people do one stupid thing after another , and they don't seem to learn from their mistakes , or they don't seem to see their mistakes at all . 
This has really been one Hell of a week . I can't wait to go to may cousin's party tomorrow because I know that drama won't be much of a problem there . I like drama free situations . 
The truth . Some people are just not will to accept the truth . 
