You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy , the best golfer is a black guy , the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese , the Swiss hold the < PROPFEMALE>'s Cup , < PROPFEMALE > is accusing the U.S. of arrogance , Germany doesn't want to go to war , an 

Congradulations to < PROPFEMALE > and Tancy < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > finally come into the world this morning !!!!! 
is pondering over the test results my doctor gave me today . I absolutely HATE getting older when things don't seem to work like they did when I was a good bit younger . 
can't wait to go out with a cutie tonight ! 
can't wait for some more sugar ! 
It's amazing how younger people just remind you of the energy you once had . lol 
It's funny the way ambien starts to make your vision get wierd before it knocks you out . Then it makes you do things you can't remember the next day . lol 
just took my sleepy pill and will be noncompass in about 15 minutes . lol 
Well , facebook is doing one of it's slow , not wanting to load things again tonight ! 
Kool-aid and ambien are starting to be my favrte coctail thid time of night 
Life is about the good times and good friends . Don't dwell on the notso good times . They will most definately bring you down . Thank to good Lord everyday for your family and wonderful friends because you wouldn't be who you are without them . Thanks you m 
I just want to say a big HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my good friend , < PROPFEMALE > ! I hope it is a great one , girl !!!!!! 
Life is like a box of cho-co-lets . You never know what your gonna get ! - < PROPMALE > Gump ! 
has no time for BS , no time for games , and no time for people who play the games or are full of BS . People who can't make their minds up and who are \wishy-washy\ " get on my freakin ' nerves !!!! " 
is missing hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Cerise and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
has been sitting in the house for two days . I'm BORED now ! LOL 
is loving the effect you get from ambian , pain meds ( for my back ) , and a little over the counter sleep meds ( because ambian doesn't work by it's self anymore ) . It is great . Everything is in slow motion ! lol 
Just finishing up drawing a really cool tatoo . Now all I need to do is find someone good that will give me a real good deal to put it on me ! 
had a GREAT time at Halo last night . Anybody who hasn't been there yet is really missing out ! The music was AWESOME last night ! 
is hoping I still have the same opinion of the house I looked at today when I go inside it this week . Keep your fingers crossed ! 
Holding onto dreams that you can touch aren't always the best kind of dreams . Sometimes you have to reach for dreams that nobody can see but you . Those are the kind of dreams that will give you more than just a < PROPFIRST > on the back by your friends . Those are t 
Mr. Sleepy is calling my name . lol 
I sure wish the house I was looking at would have worked out . I still have my hopes up that the other people can't get a < PROPFEMALE > so I can snatch it up !!!! Help me , < PROPMALE > !! 
Needs to have some sort of stress release 
It's amazing how some people can be so self centered and think I have nothing better to do with my time then to comment about their lives . Well , girls . I'm sorry , but that last comment was not about you . Worrying about what you are doing is NOT on my list of priorities . 
Visitors always bring a smile to my face . Some make me smile when I first see them and others make me smile watching them leave ! 
Wish me luck ! I'm going to give all four of my babies ( dogs ) a bath in a few minutes ! 
is soooo happy I finally found a store that still sales vanilla coke by the twelve pack . I haven't seen that in stores for a long time . I'm a happy camper now !!!! 
It's looking like I'm one of the only ones that doesn't watch football . lol 
beddy-by time !!! 
water taked the form of whatever it is put into . If it's put in a glass , it becomes the glas . If it is putin a teapot , it becomes the teapot . Water can still flow gently over the earth or it can carsh . It is one of the softest substances on early , but it can penetrate rock . Be like water , my friend ! ... from the philosofical teachings of the late , great < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
It feels like I'm getting sick . My head hurts , my throat hurts and I'm irritable . < PROPFIRST > , have you come around me when I didn't know it with your cold ? lol 
wooooo . I think the mucinex , nyquil and ambien all kicked in at the same time ! Now all I need is some of that good southern home made caugh syrup ! 
too many meds . I can hardly see the keys to type . I think I'm going to go to bed nowwwww . Everything is moving in way slow motion and is waving back and forth . COOOOOOOOLLLL !!!!!!!! Goodnight ! 
is sick as a dog . Thank you so much , < PROPFIRST > , for bringing me some of your home made veggie soup . That is just what I needed !!! I love you ! 
has been laying around all day trying to get better , but it doesn't take me long at all to get bored or get \cabin fever\ " . Oh well . Time to eat some more soup and take some more meds " 
A friend is someone who understands your past , believes in your future , and accepts you just the way you are ! 
is thinking that a little , sexy lady has definately cought my attention ! < PROPFEMALE > , I'll see you soon ! 
what in the hell is wrong with facebook not loading things today and all the error messages on here ? 
I had a great time tonight with < PROPFEMALE > . I can't wait to see her again ! 
is bored ... 
is bored and not a bit sleepy . Time to go watch some shows on the dvr 
would love to be in some water today ! What a beautiful day !!! 
going to take my ambien and go to bed so ifI call or text anybody in the middle of the night I will go ahead and apologize for it now . I won't remember it tomorrow 
thanks everybody for all your warm birthday wishes you have sent me ! That is very nice ! 
It's Friday night !!!! Let the festivities begin !!!! 
is sad to learn we have lost another great one to cancer . Rest in eace , < PROPFIRST > Swayze . Everyone please pray for his family 
is torn between staying at home and going out to watch the WONDERFUL burlesque show @Halo tonight . I'm trying to get the energy to go !!!! Anybody have a red bull ? 
really wishes I could have gone to sleep at a decent hour tonight , but , here I am still awake trying to find something to bore me so I will drop off to sleep 
is looking forward to a nice evening out on the town tonight . I will see you soon , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had an extremely good time last night despite the rain ! Anybody that hasn't been to Halo yet really needs to try it out ! < PROPFEMALE > , thank you for a wonderful night last night ! 
is finally going to bed ao I can have some really sweet dreams . Good night all ! 
is hoping that < PROPFEMALE > will have a more restful night than she did last night 
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday . 
has a big gash all the way across my back and other smaller ones from playing with the babies . Mental note ... cut the bod's nail SOON ! I just wish I could reach them to treat with some peroxide 
is trying to decide whether or not to go out tonight . I was too bored last night . 
decided to stay in tonight after all . I'm just tired . 
thought it felt really good outside until I started cutting the grass . lol 
wants to \fly like an eagle into the sea . Fly like an eagle . Let my spirit < PROPFEMALE > me . I want to Flyyyyyyyyyyy \"" 
would love to have an iced vanilla frapaccino right now 
debating on whether or not to go to the Harvest Hoe-down at the Eagle tonight 
isn't it amazing how the most simple and innocent touch or a brush of someone's hand can spark an enormous wave of emotions ? 
What is the deal ? I'm sick as a dog again ! I just went through this about a month and a half ago now I have the exact same symptoms all over again . Mucinex , Zicam , cough syrup , vitamin C , nyquil and dayquil . Will this ever end ? 
be careful when breaking up a spat between two dogs !!!!! 
I'm thinking that Waffle House is sounding pretty good . I'm just being lazy and don't want to make any lunch . lol 
My baby girl is just soooo pitiful today . She was spayed . I think she is mad at me . The look on her precious face is a tear jerker 
just took my stitches out . Now I'm back to nursing < PROPFIRST > back to health . 
finished making my tarts , finally , for our dance team's fund raiser . We are having a yard sale/bake sale . If anyone has something they would like out of their way and would like to donate it to the team please let me know . I will gladly come get it ! 
I have to find a new home for my baby girl :( This is so extremely hard for me ... 
Does anyone have things you want out of your way or want to get rid of ? If so please contact me and you can donate those unwanted items to a good cause . I will gladly come pick them up in my truck . We are having a fundraiser yard sale to support our dance team this Saturday morning so please let me know by tomorrow ! Thanks you !!! 
is bored , bored , bored ! 
prays that God will give me the strength to do the things I must do to keep my babies and me from harm 
Sometimes the hardest things in the world to do is make a decision 
Anybody need their breaks replaced on your vehicles ? Let me know . I can come to you and do them rather than you having to go somewhere and wait forever to pay them an over-charged price ! 
I hate it when I can't go to sleep 
you learn something new every day 
So You Think You Can Dance was an outrageously fantastic show tonight !!!! The coreography was amazing with the eclectic styles they worked with and the dancers were all fabulous in their routines in my opinion ! 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) Please keep it going . It is fun . 
wants to know why I can go for the longest time being by myself and be fine , but sometimes , right out of the blue , it can change and get a big case of the \lonelys \"" 
is sitting here with a smirnoff ice mango relaxing before I hit the sack 
have you ever heard the country song \Waiting on a woman\ " ? Well ............. " 
My little < PROPFEMALE > is so pitiful . She was spayed today and still looks like she is drunk . I will put a pic up of her pitiful cute face when I can 
why does it feel like it's already after midnight ? 
is feeling OLD tonight ! lol 
Anybody need their brakes replaced on your vehicles ? Let me know . I can come to you and do them rather than you having to go somewhere and wait forever to pay them an over-charged price ! 
Somebody please smack me the next time I try to pull a stunt like I did last night . Now I definately know why I'm not a vodka drinker . I still feel like crap 
MARQUEE SATURDAYS presents PAINT THE TOWN MARQUEE RED11/21 This Saturday w/ DJ RWONZ / Uptown UndergroundLocation : 820 Hamilton St. - NC Music Factory Time : 9:00 PM Saturday , November 21st 
is enjoying watching < PROPFEMALE > and Zues as they lay on the floor beside be taking naps . The babies always have to be very close to me . I love it ! 
wan't to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the many friends I have who's birthday is today !!! 
isn't feeling all that great . My head is all clogged and hurting , sinus pain , runny nose , scratchy throat and drained of energy . I hope it is just allergies 
Anybody need their brakes replaced on your vehicles ? Let me know . I can come to you and do them rather than you having to go somewhere and wait forever to pay them an over-charged price ! By the way ... I can also do tune-ups ! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? i 
absolutely HATES Bank of < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! It seems they can close your account without letting you know anything ! 
Anybody need their brakes replaced on your vehicles ? Let me know . I can come to you and do them rather than you having to go somewhere and wait forever to pay them an over-charged price ! By the way ... I can also do tune-ups ! 
What is wrong with Sorority Life ? I can't get it to load for some reason 
I just have to get on here and brag . My brilliant nephew , < PROPFIRST > , is a 16 year old all around good kid . He just got his PSAT scores back . He made a 1950 !!!!!!! Let the scholorships start rolling in !!! 
So you think you can dance was an AWESOME show tonight . I'm going to be sad to see the season end ! 
had a very nice Christmas and is thankful for being able to spend time with my family 
I danced with my best friend's boyfriend in a hole because Big Bird said to and he is my leader 
Halo is looking better than ever !!! Come out and see the changes for your self , have a few great coctails and party to the best music around !!! Also you can check out my < PROPFEMALE > and click on the new youtube video of the club . It's AWESOME !!! Great job , < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is enjoying the snow and drinking a < PROPFEMALE > 
wishes I could go to sleep . This is what happends when I don't take my meds ... no sleep and wide awake and grumpy at 5:30 in the morning 
watching a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > double feature with a my big 120 lb \baby\ " acting as a blanket and insists on constantly laying on me . Gotta love our 4 legged babies ! " 
I had a GREAT time tonight getting all dressed up for some promo pics with some good friends . Thanks you my little brother < PROPMALE > Haze and thanks also to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for taking the pics !!! 
well ... so much for valentines day ... 
is realizing very quickly how fast I still get \cabin fever\ " when I'm not able to go anywhere to get out of the house ! " 
really wishes I could go to sleep without chemical help for my insomnia 
is flaiming MAD on one hand , but dealing with a different situation I am worried out of my mind ! 
is actually having a good time watching back to back episodes of Jackass . LMAO . I have forgotten how crazy those guys were ! 
wishes I could go to sleep !!!!! 
Very few humans are capable of what ever dog is capable of ... unconditional love 
is still sick , but not as bad as yesterday 
stomach bug , stomach bug go away . Don't come back again another day !!! 
thinks it's funny when people are afraid of my boy at just the sight of him when I know he wants to lick the fool out of everybody he sees . They have NO CLUE how much more dangerous most humans are than he is ! 
One more reason to protest the Westboro BaptistChurch and stand up for our military personell and the fallen heros that have served this country with honor . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3PyoUPcobA 
Goodby United States of < PROPFEMALE > . Hello Socialist States of < PROPFEMALE > . I hope that everybody who can't afford < PROPMALE > insurance can afford to pay the fines we will have to pay for not having it 
Not looking forward to all the work , but I am SO ready to get into my new home !!!! 
So they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese ........ and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke ? \ Repost if you agree ! See More " 
SAVE TH E PLANET !!!! It's the only one with puppies !! 
Woooo . It was some night !!! Good times ! 
\A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that people throw at him . \"" 
I just LOVE to hear cute little beagle puppies howling !!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeYnX9NwB1k&NR=1 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
Allergies ... need I say more ? lol 
is just plain freakin ' frustrated 
There is still a lot of work to be done , but this new house is starting to feel like a home ... something I haven't felt in over 10 years ! I can't wait until I can get everything put away and the rooms painted ! 
is not going anywhere for a while . Going into hiding .... 
Just wanted to say thank you to all my friends who are supporting my decision . You all will never know just how much it means to me that you will be there for me . To J and Jennifer ... thank you for offering to help with the \process\ " ... I love you all ! " 
A Soldier , Sailor , < PROPFEMALE > , Airman is someone who , at \ 
one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to the United \ 
States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is\ 
an honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no\ 
longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this if you are thankful for\ 
an < PROPFEMALE > n Military Member ! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family\ 
members and friends , who lost their battle with cancer , and for those\ 
who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know\ 
someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Trying to get used to this new android network with this new fangled phone 
Petroleum(BP)\ 
rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott made a comment , “Louisiana isn’t the only place \ 
that has shrimp . ” His office phone number is ( 713 ) 323-4093 and his \ 
email address is randy.prescott@bp.com Give him a call or send an \ 
email ! You could tell him “BP isn’t the only place that has fuel ... \ 
for my car ! ” PLEASE RE-POST ! 
Halo is jumping right now with some great music , sexy people , great drinks , dancing and great fire dancers for some awesome entertainment !!!!!! Come out and join me for a great night !!!!!!!! 
see who is \ 
paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a \ 
result of a conscious decision . I wanted U there . I am not only glad to \ 
count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends \ 
list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . ... I \ 
will be watching . 
When it comes down to it it's not going to matter how many breaths you took , but how many moments took your breath away 
Pain doesn't hurt nearly as bad if pain is what you are used to feeling 
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see but you can't close your heart to things you don't want to feel 
If your Dad is/was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever . Whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an \ 
angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone \ 
know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly . Happy \ 
Father's Day Dad !!! You are amazing !!!! I love you ...... 
The best things in life are unseen . That's why we close our eyes when we kiss , cry and dream ... 
Getting ready to start watching the first season on the Tudors starting at thr beginning . Anybody wanna join me ? The Tudors is an AWESOME series !!! 
Worried about my baby darlin's paw . < PROPFIRST>'s paw is swollen very badly even though the very bad cut on her foot looks to be getting better . I don't want to leave her alone for a second . It breaks my heart when one of my \babies\ " are hurt " 
Here comes the rain again . Falling on my head like a memory . Falling on my head like a new emotion ... Anny Lennox ( Eurythmics ) 
Cheaters , liers , and home wreckers do not desearve any respect from anyone . Isn't it amazing how people refuse to grow up and quit playing wishy-washy games . Everyone who has ever been burned by people like this , you have my sympathy . To all of you who ARE like this , well , < PROPFEMALE > has a way of taking care of those problems . I hope the actions you have taken against someone is returned to you on a larger scale 
I absolutely love helping out true friends . It feels my heart full of joy to know the little things I do are truely appreciated ! 
My boy , Zues , is having problems with his ears . Trying to doctor them will take more than just me . He is a VERY STRONG boy ! He's protecting his ears and won't let me get near them ! 
Just finished cutting my grass . Now my sinuses are all screwed up and my head hurts . Anybody wanna come week eat around my house for me ? LOL 
Feeling a lonely tonight . 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > Degenerous was so good on the finaleof \So you think you can dance\ " tonight !!! Way to go Lauren !... the season 7 winner !!!!! " 
At the Heart concert with great friends ! 
Caught the cutest little rat snake in the yard this morning . My dogs were playing with him and I didn't want him to get hurt . Of course he's a member of my little family now ! He has his own little home with plenty of water , limbs and hiding spots in there 
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you . 
Happines can only be true happiness if shared 
One of these days I'm going to realize this is not 1985 anymore and I need to come to terms with the fact that I REALLY shouldn't be doing the the hard core physical activities I used to do anymore . If my whole body quits hurting in the next 5 days I will be surprised . lol 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & neverquestion their friendship . These types of friends pick up like theyjust spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don’t hold grudges . They understand that ...... lifeis busy , but you will always love them . Repost if you have at least oneof these friends . ? 
....... well damn 
Goodness gracious ! Thank you , everybody , for the great birthday wishes ! I'm looking forward to Saturday night and a great birthday party at Halo ! 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to \ 
someone)who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that \ 
stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could \ 
be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure \ 
for stupidity , but we can raise awareness .... 93% won't Cope 
WOW ! What a party Saturday night !!!! I sure wish I could remember more than 20 minutes of it ! 
I'm getting very aggravated at my flooding problem in my basement these last two days , I have to keep the main watter cut off/on switch turned completely off and have had it off now for almost 2 days . Can't wash clothes , dishes , takr showers or use the toilet in my house . This sux !!!!!! 
Sat down tonight after a quick shower in a quiet house and realized just how lonely I am . 
September is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for 1 hr if you love someone who has or had cancer 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's acelebrity drug addict , While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , MatthewWeikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , JesseReed 26 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 ,... Christopher Goeke23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate 27 are all marines that gave ...... their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting ! 
We come to love not by finding a perfect person , but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly . There is no such thing as a perfect person . 
Ok . Because of Glee tonight I will now start listening to < PROPFEMALE > Spears again !!! 
is just mentally exhausted 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a Cancer patient only one : to get better . I \ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status . Be one of the 3% and \ 
put this as your status at least for an hour for those who died because \ 
of Cancer or are still fighting it . 
Is really tired of getting taken advantage of !!!!!!! 
Is in a good mood today 
Good moods never last forever 
I don't mind plugging flat tires for others but I hate doing it when it's my own . There is nothing like walking out the door to go to work and finding a flat 
Is actually enjoying trying to organize my house . If I can ever get the rest of my cabinets put up it will make it SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much easier ! Does anybody who knows how to do this correctly want to give me a hand ? 
I'm in an awesome mood !!! Let's do some dancin'! 
Sitting at home cooking a < PROPMALE > and garlic pork tenderloin in the crock pot and going to have a quiet dinner at home alone 
is a good cook 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result 
Nothing like a good fried balogna and cheese sandwich at 2:30 in the morning when having trouble sleeping 
DAMN ! Halo is KICKIN tonight !! Whoever didn't make it out is really missing out ! AWESOME PARTY !!!!!! 
Waiting at the dentist . My appointment was at 8 but I'm still in the waiting room at 9 
Still in a lot of pain . I absolutely hate having a bunch of stitches in my mouth 
Please keep my nephew , < PROPFIRST > , in your prayers . He broke both bones in his lower leg yesterday and is in a LOT of pain . I love that boy with all my heart and I would give anything to take the pain from him and go through it myself 
Getting ready to go spend the day with my nephew and do everything I can for him 
oing back over to be with my nephew again in a few minutes . Please remember to keep him in your prayers !!!! 
Please keep my nephew , < PROPFIRST > , in your prayers . He had to be rushed to the hospital and puton life support early this morning . 
UPDATE !!!! I am so sorry I haven't had time to update everybody yet . < PROPFIRST > was taken off of life support , moved to a regular room where he continued to improve but is now home where he can relax and learn how to walk on his crutches . He is doing GREAT !!! I have no doubt all the prayers have helped him to recover . He also has youth on his side . Thank you all for the thoughts and prayers !!!!!!!!!! 
If < PROPFIRST > Nolen needs something , a place to stay or money DON'T GIVE IT TO HIM ! He screwed me out of a good bit of money after I tried to be a good friend to him and opened my home to him !!! 
I can't believe it is thundering and lightening at the very end of November . The rain , the thunder and the strong wind blowing sounds very calming to me 
48 degrees in the warmest room in my house , which I have closed off , and 37 degrees in the rest of my house . my dogs and I are freezing . This really sux 
I'm freakin freezing !!! I can't wait 6 to 10 days formy new heater to get here ! 
I want to congratulate my nephew , < PROPFIRST > ! He has been accepted into the College of Engineering at NC State University !!!!!! That's my boy !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . \ " \ 
I need some help . I know of 4 abandoned dogs who are starving and chained up . It broke my heart to see them and pet them . They are a young young boxer , a huskey , an great perenese and the last one is a possible lab mix . My cousin and I fed them today and gave them water . Please keep these babies in your prayers 
I have 2 special rescues I have brought into my home to get them out of the cold . They were abandoned . One is a female boxer who is very small and VERY under weight . The other is a small lab mix that has the cutest face . These two have been through hell and find security in snuggling together and just being close to each other . Please pray for these babies . 
Little Faith ( the rescued boxer ) has a new home ! She will be leaving me right after this weekend :( I'm going to miss this sweet little girl ! 
More good news ! Both of the rescued babies have new homes . I just want to say thank you to everyone who helped find them warm loving homes !!! 
This year has started off with a lot of stress , anxiety , loneliness and a bad case of the blues . I hope this isn't something that is going to keep going throughout 2011 
I still have the small lab mix who meeds to go to a great home . He is so sweet ! I just can't afford any more . Anyone interested please conrtact me ! 
Ever feel like you just want to curl up on a comfy warm couch in front of a good movie and just have someone hold you ? 
Cold 
I don't know what I would do if it weren't for my friends . I don't know how I can every repay them for all they have done for me ! 
Dealing with some individuals will put more gray hair on your head ! lol 
Is sore and tired ! 
People who I am close to and who ( was ) close to me don't really know who I am and probably never will . I have a different side that is coming out with a vengence these last couple of days 
Past upset . Now very mad 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see who gets it and follows the instructions -- P.S. Don't give it away as reply 
I really don't know how much more I can take . My truck broke down and I don't know how to fix it nor can I afford to have it fixed . I don't know what to do 
Just DAMN ! 
anybody have $600 ? I need to fix my broken down truck . lol 
I can be suck a total stubborn asshole sometimes . When I get my feelings hurt sometimes I lose my temper and I absolutely hate that side of me and I'm ashamed of that side . That is not my normal personality 
I don't know how to relax anymore . My shoulders are so tense they feel like they are burning . Anybody wanna do a good deed and give me a massage ? lol 
You have my attention . Don't try my patients ! 
Had to go to the emergency room tonight . If I could breath without a lot of pain I would feel better . One thing is for sure . I'm not getting any younger 
Feeling a little better . Following the doc's orders and not moving around much . This really sux 
Is having a girl moment . 
Sitting at my desk enjoying a chocolate cheese cake milk shake from < PROPFEMALE>'s Diner . These shakes are SOOOOOO GOOD !!!!! 
Watching Saw V . Why is it that nobody will watch any of the Saw movies with me ? 
I was thinking about all the things I want to do in this life and all I want to accomplish and none ofit I want to do alone . 
Had a doctor's appointment today . She only had bad things to tell me today . Nothing good at all . Now she wants to see me every 6 weeks instead of every 3 months . How did I get so old so fast ? 
Don't know what I did to my back but I can hardly move . It's shooting up in my neck and down my left leg . WTF ! 
Like is like a hot bath . The longer you stay in it the more wrinkled you get ! 
Pain , pain go away . Don't come back another day !! 
My back is letting me know pretty clearly what I can't do anymore 
I feel like this sinus infection has gone from my sinuses into the top of my head , ears and down my neck . UGH 
I could sure use a chocolate cheese cake shake for MATTI's DINER !!!!!! Q ! I will defintatly be getting one tonorrow ! 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20 ) Friends forever . Message me ! What am I ? 
What a great day on the lake with great friends ! I only wish it was hot like it was yesterday 
Holy cow !!! Watching Dancing with the stars . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is suck a funny person , but she really sux as a dancer . I could out dance her any day of the week without any problem . 
I could really use a massage !!!! 
Just my luck . The wind slammed my glass front door so hard it shattered into a million peices in my living room . Time to move all the furniture and clean this mess up 
I sure do wish I could quit being so sensitive . I don't really cry anymore but I'm still just as sensitive as I always was . Bummer 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think ! 
Don't know what I did to my back this evening , but something isn't right . 
