HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

alrite so i hav a quick question 4 anyone w/ an answer ... how did Birdman get his name ? 
headed 2 vacation bible school 
checked into heartbreak hotel on thursday , i was told i wasn't alone friday , today i think reality is just starting to sink in ... 
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY !!!!! 
still trying 2 find something 2 eat 
just realized how big gogo is to black people ... i'll never be the same 
church teen retreat later ... 
global warming is coming two days before the day after tomorrow so dance with me the dance of life 
is bored out of her skull . 
excited about being a SENIORita :) 
is die of boredom possible ? ... cuz if so i think im in trouble 
could use a good 12 hour nap ... :o ) 
REALLY wsh i were at the LIL < PROPMALE > concert right now ... 
judging by the updates i see im guessing Friday hasnt been nice for a lot of people ... maybe the date skipped to the 13th while we weren't looking ... 
i think i need a windows computer ... 
homework ! yay ! 
bored to tears ... 
naptime ... 
knights vs . mavericks tonight !!! 
is moving ... to D . C ... this Tuesday ...? 
bored and tired 
ever feel like not really wanting to go out but feeling obligated to do so ? well thats pretty much my status for the day ... no offence guys 
last day in NC ... 
leaving saturday ... maybe ... 
is finally gonna start packing tomorrow ... 
HATES packing ... 
Ugh ... cant think of anything worse than to be hungry and broke 
School tomorrow !... 
Bored out of my skull ... 
G'night all 
i really miss everybody in NC :( 
found something decent to wear to homecoming :) ... now to buy the ticket ... 
i hate being bored ... 
cant stand being confused , stupid people , people that can't drive , movies that don't make sense and yellow women with alter intentions ... and what was that doing in her drawer ?! 
If I could kill thing in the world it would be the effing SAT ... 
Finally started the application process :) maybe i'll be able to get into school after all ! 
:) 
help . 
;) 
FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
ughh ... 
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody ! 
has caught the itis ... 
somebody please tell me how and why im having a snow ball fight in my grandma's basement ... :) 
is bored outta her skull ... 
no school tomorrow 
dying of boredom ... help please :( 
how is it possible to loose you phone charger on the way to the car ? 
sooo jsut finished picking out and wrapping my own christmas presents for this year ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody :) 
MY MOMMA'S HERE !!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
sooo ... im almost positive Christmas was a practical joke this year ... 
is kinda blown right now ... i just found out that my mom and dad get to go party with < PROPMALE > songs and drake but i dont get to because of my age ... 
:P 
to be what cha is , ya gotta be what cha are , only thing im missin is a black guitar :P 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > and no plans ... help . 
is actually ready to go back to school smh 
We're an army , better yet a navy , better yet crazy , guns in the air ;) 
i think its kinda funny how the people you trust your heart with know exactly how to break it ... 
What in the world is a trick bag ? 
too bad I've started calling weekends mental health days ... 
cant decide why i never wear skirts ... there is absolutely nothing wrong with them ... 
gotta get outta here . 
1 ) inhale deeply 2 ) wait 5 seconds 3 ) scream till you pass out 4 ) repeat till june 1st 
umm ... i don't know how to log out now ... 
really not looking forward to being snowed in again ... 
... bleck . 
To whom it may concern : HELP ME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks for all the love guys i really appreciate it :D <3 
* inhaling * UGHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! alright im finished . 
... :P 
my accidental happily ever after :) 
everytime i watch South Park i can feel my brain rotting and yet ... i love it :DDDD 
is bored otta her skull 
sooo ... spring break 2010 ... * sigh * 
too bad i have to kill my sister ... 
how come music videos dont have to have anything to do with the songs they're for ? 
blazing dead at in the back of his throat ... smh 
Blazing dead Rat in the back of his throat ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > smh 
too bad it took a fish looking boy for my sister to realize shes crazy hahahahahah ! :D made my day :D 
hmm fun day today has been ... ( plez note sarcasm ) 
looking at other people's prom pics makes me excited again :) 
Is it Friday ? 
bout to be the second longest week ever ... 
one down one to go :) 
Does the boondocks have a new cartoonist ? 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? 
Water Boy is on :D 
... my friends ... smh :) 
I DON'T HAVE TO SHARE A PHONE ANYMORE !!! I DON'T HAVE TO SHARE A PHONE ANYMORE !! 
my day has been made and it's only 12:00 :) 
And the word of the day is ' audacity ' 
REALLY excited about my graduation present its a joke but it makes me happy :) 
:D 
i think i've committed a crime being up so early after going to bed so late .... smh 
sooo ... freshmen orientation ... =/ 
FINALLY FREE !!!! AGGIE PRIDE !!! 
Sooo ... just saw the videos for te amo and rock < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Field Trip Time ! :) 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? 
No Work Monday ! XD 
We're not gonna take it ! NO ! We aint gonna take it ! We're not gonna take it anymore !!! 
Finally home :D 
i am the spark that makes your idea bright the aame spark that lights the dark so that you can know your left from your right 
Pack up your troubles in your old < PROPFEMALE > bag and smile , smile , smile . :) 
Shoot 4 days till i move into Aggieland ... 
hmm . last day until we take the second < PROPFEMALE > to left to get to aggieland 
pretty much settled in but my roommate isnt here yet so i think.im single for the night ... 
This is not the matrix but i am the oracle . do you wanna get with me the question is rhetorical ;) jk but not really 
Test everything . Hold on to the good . Avoid every kind of evil . \ 
Thessalonians 5:21 -22 
is really missing Chipotle :( 
im comin home :) 
Someone please tell me why they're playing \OMg down here like its new -_____-" 
I Whip My Hair Back and Forth ! 
skype/ooVoo : jamye . schofield 
Who aree Youuuu ? Who aree Yoouuuuuuuu ?! 
you know you go to an hbcu when : theres a ghetto car show going on outside your cafeteria ... feel free to add on if you'd like 
hmm drake :] 
today has been a rollercoaster ... 
Lovin you is like a song i replay , every 3 minutes and 30 seconds of everyday <3 
sooo ... im supposed to be writing a paper right now ... =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > IM HOME !!! 
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me :) 
is quite bored -___- but eyyy 2 more days ! 
and the countdown begins :D 
* sigh still at A&T ... HURRY UP PADRE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is finally home :] 
Damn is it really December already ? 
FWD : Hey where are you ? 
WHY THE HELL IS IT SNOWING ????!!!!!! 
[ IMPORTANT !! ]people change your profile pics back to YOU cuz the group that told us all to change our pics to our fav cartoon characters were a group of paedophiles . They're doing it because kids will accept their requestsfaster if they see a cartoon pic , it's got nothing to do with ... supporting child violence . [ check the news tonight ... & pass it on ! ]2 
why is there a bat in my building right now ??? 
you see some weird stuff livin here in the hood 
i dont trust anything that can bleed for 7 days and survive . - < PROPMALE > stacker's uncle 
finally home christmas :) 
when theres trouble you know who to call :) 
woke up this afternoon ( not going to fake ) with my 10 yr old neighbor kid hovering over me watching me sleep O.o 
sooo ... poppa has a shake weight he's trying to push on everyone ...? 
>=[ 
saw the eclipes and a shooting < PROPFEMALE > , my night has been made :) 
reeally need to get outta the house today ... 
g'night facebook sweet dreams <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Facebook :))) 
nighty night 
ugh * sigh * -__- 
sound is my remedy , beat gives me energy , music is all i need :) 
back in aggieland 
... snow flurries ... whelp if it actually sticks and classes are cancelled tomorrow i guess i'll tolerate them ... 
( in sing song voice ) no school ! no school ! * insert cabbage patch and maybe a robot here * the flurries have done their job ! XD now back to sleep * Zzz * 
so as it turns out the devil wears rain boots lol <3 Enigmatic Essence 
< PROPFEMALE > ... vanstory is under attack ... smh 
wheres an ice creme truck when you need it -__- 
sooo appearently i cant fall asleep anywhere without random pictures being taken smdh 
nighty night fb sweet dreams 
why does hearing green and yellow by < PROPMALE > actually make me defensive ? im not even a real steelers fan ...? 
noticed the reflection pool being cleaned today . its only a matter of time now -__- 
food would be great rgt now . 
nighty night facebok 
where did you come from lady and ooo wont you take me there right away won't you baby -pyt <3 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone you'e really helping to make my day brighter <3 
tank tops and skirts in february . gotta love greensboro <3 too bad i feel like is gong o be 20 degrees in a couple of days -__- 
< PROPFEMALE > :) 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along , 4 words are harder than you think 
feelin like spongebob in rock bottom missin these busses smh 
Sooo ... whats the story behind April Fools day that it needed to be named a holiday ? 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , etc . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , is fighting cancer or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
What has the world come to ? smh ... smh 
