Got off work early today , it was a good day . 

get off work at 3:30 AM tonight .... crap !! 
yea finally off work now i can get some sle .... zzzzzzzzzzz !!!! 
has been thinking a lot about friendships lately 
\nobody really knows how much anybody else is hurting . we could be standing right next to somebody who is completely broken and we wouldn't even know it . \"" 
is eating a bowl of mint chocolate chip ice cream at 1:08 am 
Just had an amazing workout session , feels absolutely great although i can barely move my arms to type , it hurts so bad but it feels so good !! 
woo hoo , time to put out the Wednesday New Register !!! fun fun fun 
back to work .... ( sigh ) ... crap ! 
i just found out i can play guitar hero left handed on medium with no problem , weird !! 
woo hoo lovin my iTouch !!!, its awesome !!! 
Just bought new tires for my charger woo hoo 
i love working on saturday !!!!!..... huh damn 
Has been up for 25 hours and still going 
just bought Sonic The Hedgehog 2 for my itouch its sweet !! 
Had an incredable night with my girl ! 
Well the suns coming up , time for bed goodday everyone 
Had a great night with my baby 
Some of the greatest things in life are unseen , thats why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , or dream ... 
Just went to the gym with Trev had alot of fun 
Estoy mucho cansado :( 
disgusted with myself 
had an awesome time with my girl tonight :) 
i love < PROPFIRST > De Lune by < PROPFIRST > DeBussy 
probably partied a little too hard last night lol 
She is laying on my bed , playing my computer , super sexy :) 
BE HONEST ! If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you ever wanted to go out with ... me , poke me . If you miss me , put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying so . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
Good workout ! Time for the cool down jog 
FML !!!! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bi**h , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months or longer , apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !! :D 
Miss her sigh .... just missing her 
Great day with my sweetheart :) 
had such a good day with my sweetie , we didn't do a damn thing and it was great !, i wish everyday could be like this , can't stop thinking about her 
Making grilled cheese sandwiches with my sweetie :) 
