Looking at things . 

Exploring .. 
Time to play some Nazi Zombies . Be back later 
Going to work 
YAY the Flu lol 
AAAGGGrrr this freaking bug wont give up YET !!! gggrr .. My immune system has it locked in a ground and pound and it wont give ... 
iffy , but I can't stay still anymore !! 
Working on my blog 
Looks like No more D&D and Sleeping in for me on SAT . Mandatory half day Sat . OT starts this week ... I wonder how long I'll take it before I totally spin 180 on my personality . 
YAY D&D and Sleeping in this weekend 
I can get out of my house , and go places but it takes 20mins to work myself out of the drive way lol . 
Urban Dictionary :: < PROPFIRST > - ( 2 ) A man who is incredibly sexy , but also funny . He tends to be a girl's dream guy . He's also really good in bed . 
Just relaxing 
YAY POWER !! 
Working 
to work alot of hours today .. or to not ?? hmmm . 
I move and start working in a new Department tomorrow I wonder how that will go . 
the day went smooth considering I know nothing anymore , and that the company lost probably a whole day of useful work out of 30 or so people . How much money is that I wonder ?? 
Wonders how different people approach and accept the transistion of being an adult .. like when should I stop playing with toys and games lol .. or do the toys and games evolve as well ? 
Wondering where my roomy < PROPFIRST > is hidding ... he hasn't shown up for a week . 
My mom just sent me a link to a place that puts out all kinds of personal info . it uses Facebook , all kinds of other sites to grather the info . spokeo.com check to see if you're on there . 
Working .... 
I hate being so good at tedious work . 
Knows he's tired when :: Really ANNOYING Multi-toned alarm that never stops .... 45 mins later ... waking up wondering what that soothing sound is , and discovering you're late for work . 
Off From Work tomorrow YAY ! 
Today has been expensive 0_0 
And my Weekends Return !! YES !!! 
PC video card dead , new one soon then my PC will Respawn . 
I have discovered Facebook on my 360 . 
-Sigh- Gong to go get a donut . 
INBOX ONLY ...... tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . It stays between us i promise . PUT THIS AS YOUR STAT AND SEE WHAT YOU GET . 
Not too pleased ... going to laydown for bed now before I lose to my anger . Cell it if you have the number and Care 
Waiting to be proven wrong in an area dealing with a certain type of people .. but really doubting that's going to happen anytime soon . 
Has probably just released the world of chaos , and sealed his fate . 
Wonders if I'll explode this friday , and gain super powers ? _ ? 
Hopes the day goes smooth .. 
I still have a Job YAY ! 
Feels good about helping Z104 with Stuff the Bus ^_^ . 
Is Freaking Out LOL 
Enjoyed a very pleasent and comfortable evening .. Too bad I have to work today X [ 
Is going to attempt to escape and go look around to see if anything is open . 
Is Slightly confused .. but will be fine 
Wishes the Magical Pain < PROPFEMALE > would come and relief his suffering .. 
Is Going to be busy sorting his thoughts out over the next few days . 
Time to do some soul searching . 
Looks like a get to be sick over the time off ( Staying in bed to think ) ... 103.5 F Yay me .. more sleepy sleepy . 
I truely believe I'm getting all of my illness for the year out early lol .... in the last 3 weeks I've had Tonsilitus , followed by a small cold , followed by a sinus infection , followed now by another cold lol .. I will never be sick again !! lol 
I hate this rollercoaster of sickness lol 
Random Question to the masses ::\ 
Who all believes that I should get a shoulder tattoo one day ?... if you think I should please state why , and provide an example of one that you believe fits me as you know me and is cool . If not please tell me why not aside from the obovious \it'll always be there . \"" 
Is confused by the mixed signals sent out by people . It troubles me enough to where I didn't eat 3/4ths of my dinner . 
Is able exist outside of natural laws like bone structure , and ability to walk ... or so says the tell tell hip x-ray lol . 
Has just been told he looks like a Young < PROPFIRST > Clooney ... interesting ... if true that means I will age into a fine state of Sexy for woman to want lol . 
Has a plate so full he feels like he's going to snap from everything . 
Has a plan to try to make 12 girls smile today after work , since he doesn't have anyone . 
my plan is working though it is slow going and I didn't get as many < PROPMALE > bears . 
Operation < PROPMALE > bear was a success there are now 6 women that were given a reason to smile tonight unexpectedly . 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU HERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . 
what to do with my remaining day ... any fun suggestions ? 
Downstairs playing video games to brighten my day text if you need me lol . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found for ALL cancers . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . 
Mood is thru the floor .. major suck news today ... Grr 
If you love me , comment on my status . If you think of me as a good friend , like my status . If you hate me , message me & tell me why . If you had or have a crush on me , be honest & poke me . If you aren't scared , put this as your status . 
Families are important . I love my family . Repost if you love yours . 
Why Doesn't Japan use Honda's \Asimo\ " robots to help with the cool down efforts for the reactors ??.. they wouldn't have to worry about the radiation levels concerning it . " 
