A month ... a year ... a decade ... WHAT just happened ??? How did 2009 end so fast !!! Ah well !!! Happy New Year guys ! 

Hell .. Wudnt we all ! 
what mind ? 
Wishing all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New year ! 
1 . It's important to have a woman who helps at home , who cooks , cleans up and has a job . 2 . It's important to have a woman who can make you laugh . 3 . It's important to have a woman who you can trust and who doesn't lie to you . 4 . It's important to have a woman who is good in bed and who likes to be with you . 5 . IT IS VERY VERY IMPORTANT THAT THESE FOUR WOMEN DO NOT KNOW EACH OTHER !!!! 
WHY is the day SO SLOW !!!! ???!!!! 
People must understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , Will you be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour ...!!!! 
Happy Baisakhi to all ! May the year bring abundant joys strength and courage to give each and every one the tools to face his / her personal challenges !! 
The beginning of wisdom is to < PROPFEMALE > it .... 
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at .... 
Deh Shiva bar mohe Ihey , Shubh karman ton kabho naa taroon , Naa daroon arson jab jaaoon ladoon ! Nishchay kar apni jeet karoon ! 
Guys ! I need Ayurvedics meds for myself . Need to know if someone is coming down form < PROPFEMALE > ASAP and if they could bring down the stuff for me ! 
Remember , your desires are fantasies before they become realties , so \ 
dream a little ..... 
Men , and women too , are fallible ... They lie , cheat , steal , betray . It is human nature , a way of life . To depend on them is to invite disaster . A warrior avoids this ... and therein lies his ultimate strength ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a\ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you\ 
HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and\ 
reminding her how wonderful she is ... While you HURT your woman , \ 
there's a man wishing he could make love to her ... While you make your\ 
woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your\ 
wall if you're against Domestic Violence !!!!!!! 
\It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success ; they much \ 
Your heart is the only thing that keeps you living .... take care of it cause when that disappears , unfotunately so does your ability to live .... both metaphorically and really !!! 
The biggest weakness that God has bestowed on man is an inherent inability to decide his own future . Keep in mind , this is a weakness , not an impossibility ! 
From what I have seen , you have to be bright to be a player as\ 
there are so many lies to keep track of and manipulation is not a\ 
fool's game . \ 
- A very special friend's advice ! 
< PROPMALE > Peters .. Here I come !!! 
Love has a wonderful way of blinding you to reality ... Its a potent drug that leaves you in a world of illusion and robs you of the most essential of senses . Yet it is also the core of our existence ... just as life teaches you by lessons , love teaches you by illusion ... The lessons hurt but they DO cause a beautiful heat in your heart ... A pain you soon learn to relish and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Never\ 
believe whatt the lines of your hand predict about your future , c\ 
o z people who don't have hands also have a future ... Believe in \ 
yourself !!!! 
Gurvinder Singh Bindra now has someone to call him \Tauji\ " ! :) ..... < PROPFEMALE > just had a son ... Mom and kiddo are just fine ! :) No need to congratulate me ... send me your million dollar checks to my US address and they better not bounce !!!! :D " 
Love is the irresistable < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistably < PROPFEMALE > d .... < PROPFIRST > Twain 
just finished 90 mins of < PROPMALE > peters live .... Vegas is vegas ... Vegas WITH < PROPMALE > .... Now thats something else ! 
Courage is .... Understanding your role in this universe .... Accepting your part ... and performing it to the utmost satisfaction of the Director ... I.e. the Big Guy in the Sky . I only pray that I am able to understand my part and perform it to the best of my given abilities ! 
Was just a song once ... now words of wisdom \ 
which practically drive me today ... And every hour of every day Im \ 
learning moreThe more I learn , the less I know about beforeThe\ 
less I know , the more I want to look ... aroundDigging\ 
deep for clues on higher ground ... 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my \ 
Friend list is a result of a conscious decision . I wanted U there . I am \ 
not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family ! Let's see who\ 
in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your\ 
... status . I will be watching to ... see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > \ 
friendships ! One Love ... 
Deception is the < PROPMALE > of lying to the truth .... The only point is ... WHO are you decieving ... Is the victim really the victim ... or have you just ended up being the unwitting victim yourself ... for everytime you decieve ... You are only causing your own losses .. in more ways than one .... 
My mind is focused on my tooth ... or whatever that was left of it in the dentist's tray . My jaw however , regrets letting it go !! And making me regret it too ! :( 
Just a deep disturbance .... Love is a fragile entity ... but friendship itself can be the source of heartbreak ... A very special friend is upset with me .. and I have no way to console her ... 
Redrawing designs which were redrawn after they were redrawn incorrectly by someone else who had to redraw them as he didnt have the right drawings anyway ! This is definitely drawing on my resources .. :D 
Too often we worry about where life is taking us ... in our focus on the future .. we forget to see what is around us .. the opportunities that we seek may actully NOT be in our field of vison ... In order to see properly .. Focus is necessary .. but not all the time !!! 
It is rare when a person thinks of you and your well being sitting halfway across the world .... Someone did .. and I am thankful .. 
Awaiting the Arrival of \Big Sis\ " ..... Haven't seen her in .... what ... 15 years atleast now ! " 
Just came back from an AMAZING nite with Kailash Kher !!!! That guy is AWESOME ! :) 
Just got back from Tahoe ... now back to work ! 
a rib eye steak and the company of wonderful ladies at the Village Pub , Palm Springs ..... Life has little potential for complaints ! 
Sounding\ 
as Anti-Garfield as I can ... Hooray ... Its monday ... and the mind is \ 
bristling with thoughts ... of past and the future ! 
A workload that I am thankful for today ! 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ; it is not contagious . They onlywantwhat we all want ; to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who iswilling to post this & leave it on your status for at least anhour ? It is Special Education Week , & this is in honour of ... allchildren who need a little extra help ! 
Planning a Bollywood Night in West Hollywood area ! Any takers ... Thinking of Daaru SHaaru , Tangdi Kabab and Bhangra Karaoke ! What say guys ? 
hey\ 
say true friends go long periods of time without speaking & never \ 
question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just \ 
spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they\ 
live and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , \ 
......... and you will always love th ...... em . Re-post if you have at least one of these friends . I am privileged to say that I do ! 
POLICE OFFICERS work the streets day & night to keep us safe , \ 
leaving their family to care for yours . So far in 2010 there have been \ 
123 officers killed in the line of duty . Thats 123 people who can never \ 
kiss their wife/husband , parents or kids again . This is Police Officer \ 
... Appreciation Week ( REPOST if you are a Police Officer , love an \ 
officer , or appreciate an officer . ) 
Wish everyone a happy Dusshera ! 
To all those who are feeling low about the situation of the US today ... Republican or Democrat ... Your \Opinion\ " does NOT count if you do not PRACTICE when given the opportunity ... GET OUT THERE AND CAST YOUR VOTE ! That way .. even if things do NOT work way .. You know YOU DID YOUR VERY BEST ! \ 
Happy Diwali People ! Hope you guys have fun and lots and lots of Good wishes to you guys ! 
\People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are . I \ 
euphoria 
In < PROPFEMALE > for getting my new H1B stamped . Am reachable at +52 1664 681 8100 Room 108 . Wish me luck guys !! 
Just got back from the US Consulate in < PROPFEMALE > . Grilling experience but have the visa approved . Shud have it in hand by tomorrow evening after 3 PM . 
Back at work ... amongst the varous con call I attended over mon and tuesday , I never realized how much of work had piled up here !!! 
I owe everybody a BIG thanks ... I crossed over hundred wishes on my birthday ... Feels good to have friends ! Thank you guys ... ALL of you ! 
Feeling Sick and down .. plus worried about a friend's visit ( Much Awaited ) to the Neurologist ! Hope all goes well ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family ... In the US and < PROPFEMALE > ... I hope you have very happy and Memorable holidays ! 
I pledged to connect 10 minds to after-school science , technology , engineering and math opportunities . Join me in helping today's kids become tomorrow's problem solvers by Taking the Pledge on Time < PROPMALE > Cable's www.connectamillionminds.com 
Another year Drawing to a close .. Although I swear .. It just whizzed by ! \ 
Wish everyone a wonderful n happy new year ! 
Sorry for having disappeared over the new year guys ! lost my phone and am in a very remote area with no internet . Just got my hands on a computer and thought I would update all of you before I had the cops looking for me ! : ) Hppy New Year guys and hope you have a lovely year ahead of you all ! Back on Tuesday morning Pacific Time ! 
Missed my flight to EWR from LAX . My trip home is delayed , possibly even cancelled ! I am bummed to say the least !!! :( 
reached NJ . @Ewr . Awaiting \ 
checkin to see if i make the next flight ... 
got the flight .... On my way to mumbai now ! 
Reached home .... Now need to \ 
take care of some unpleasantness first .... 
Home and done with the various activities ... Back to work from now on ! Missed you guys ! 
Wishing everyone of my friends a lovely Valentines day ! May the < PROPFEMALE > of the day fill your hearts with love and your spirits with happiness !! 
A hiking we will go ! A Hiking we will go ! Ay ho , the < PROPFEMALE > ho ... A hiking we will go !!! :) Off to Runyon Canyon folks ! If I go missing ... You know where to come get me ! ;) 
Back safe n sound and after some crazy fun ! Was a beautiful place too ! :) 
