New years was great , only several hours of sleep though . 2010 ... wow . 

Im like a child in a new room ... and I haven't found all the buttons in here yet 
Ok ... found some buttons ... I'm gonna press them 
I'm alive ... sorta ... just in la la land is all . 
Is Bored 
Hmmm ... * pokes your screen * I see you . 
I have had a VERY fun past few days . 
Stuck in thought ... can't seem to escape 
I once played a game that told me the cake was a lie ... the game was wrong ...... it's so tasty and moist . (^_^) 
There is a Cricket in my ceiling ... and I can't kill it to shut it up ... And it's 2:12 am ... I wanna blow holes in my ceiling to kill this thing . And it moves around so it messes with my ears ... now he is above me ... I want a shotgun right now to kill it . * twitch twitch * Oh god it's getting louder ... 
Can't wait till he gets back to killing children in D&D 
I FINALLY WON A GAME OF CATAN ! It feels so liberating to shove that in < PROPFIRST>'s face ... crule yes I know ... but he had to stop winning !!! 
I'm bored and none of you people are on . This is why I hate being at home . Because all I have are people I have almost zero interaction with here at home . Of course we talk once in a while , but it's sparatic and most of the time no one cares to hear what I say . So I'm stuck talking to a wall ... Here online and at home . 
It's late ... almost 3am ... going to bed soon 
I have to go work in the rain ... whoopie ! * sarcasm * 
I have cake ... and it's melting ... 
My cat had become closet cat ... when will he come out ? 
Sometimes I wonder if I should be older than I'am now ... 
Is listening to Pink Floyd ... singing along 
No insomniacs ? Wow ... ok I guess I'll sleep too . 
I'm half tempted to put a bullet through the skull of my own sister . 
I'm enjoying having the next couple dys off . Hopefully they will be fun . 
Even though I just went up a level , EVERYONE else went up in a damn hurry and got two levels ahead of me . I can't even fart a 1st level spell ... 
My middle finger on my right hand is a bit tweaked from all the arm bars < PROPMALE > put me in . rofl . 
I spilled scolding hot coffee on my hand today , gave out the wrong order twice , almost fell asleep at the register , and dead tired . 
There are times where I get bored , and feel like messing with people ... the EDers on Gaia have bleeding brains now . Fun ^_^ 
I'm done ... I'm fucking done with my god forsaken room . It leaks water . Now I'm gonna make damn sure it is waterproof . 
I'm all wrapped up in cozy blanket ... just need someone to cuddle now . ^_^ 
You know that feeling you get when you hear something that REALLY fucks up your night ? Especially when you are enjoying a good meal with friends . Yeah ... hurts the brain . 
Finally understands why he is more attuned to emotions now ... Needs to talk to < PROPFIRST > next time he sees him . 
I have some of the most interesting pictures in my possesion 
You know when you feel tired ... and hop into bed ... and try to fall asleep . But all of a sudden your body goes \GUESS WHAT ! Not happening . \ " Hi ... " 
I'm going to be gone from the 25th to the 29th . Going out of state . See you guys later and I'll text some of you when I can . Happy Thanksgiving guys ! 
I never knew that my relatives in the south were so old . All I saw on Thanksgiving were relatives who were 40+ . The only \young\ " relatives I saw were an 8 year old ans a 10 year old ... Where in the hell was my generation !? " 
Great ... not only did I just get back but it seems I have brought a little friend with me . Hello sickness ... how have you been ? 
Feels as if he is older than he really is ... 
Looks like drive thru will be busy today . With all the snow and what not . 
I keep running into ex girlfriends . Something is trying to tell me something . 
Deep in thought ... 
I think it's official ... I ' am NOT a morning person . I don't like waking up early in the morning . And being a Night Owl really messes with things . Though I had 6 hours of sleep last time , I'd like to snag 10 hours next time .... but it isn't gonna happen . 
Yeah ... I like my comp better . ^_^ 
Close to the end of another year ... it's weird feeling as if last december was not but a month ago . My how time flies when you work too much . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . lol 
I popped on my mp3 player , and for some reason I feel like jamming now ... 
Changed picture ... gave the feel that I was emo ... in which I ' am not . 
Saturday is coming . Time to unveil my new creation in RAY'S WORLD ! RAY'S WORLD ! EXCELLENT ! TUBELER ! 
Has had a VERY interesting trip home . First the grocery store ... PACKED ! So many people I took a picture to show it's epic failure of how paranoid people can be with bad weather . And second , was almost in TWO car wrecks on the way home . People do not know how to fucking drive . 
This storm reminds me back in 96 ' . I remember it specifically because when I stepped out side I fell flat on my ass from slippin on 2 '' thick ice . I cried like a baby . CAUSE I WAS A BABY ! lol . 
Just got back from picking up my mom at work . I cannot tell you how funny it was looking at the buried cars ... they looked like oversized marshmellows . ^_^ 
I'm definently not going to work today . Too much snow . 
Bored ... 
I feel like I'm stuck , with no where to go ... 
Nothing like celebrating Christmas < PROPFEMALE > while you have coke and rum . Finishing the bottle . Only half of it left . ^_^ DUN WORRY ! I'll be safe . ^_ ~ 
You know ... for people who were all happy a moment ago ... you really know how to not say a word when spoken to . 
Soon back to the same old boring ass shit . I really need to escape . 
2 more days and I can veg out ^_^ 
Dammit i wish i could have a drink or have < PROPFEMALE > here with me ! DAG NABBIT !!! 
Put the following in your status and let your friends respond ! \A word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . \ " Copy and paste this in your status to ... see what people have to say about you . " 
Long day , legs are tired , head wants to explode , someone shoot me . 
Though it's almost 1am ... I can't help but feel something is missing . 
Is it bad when you find yourself alone and just feel like ranting or rambling about something ? Music playing ... a thought floating cross your mind ... and something with the itchy feeling of wanting to argue . I do hope I'm not getting too old too fast ... 
acdrnig to rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
* skitter skitter pounce ... skitter skitter pounce ... skitter skitter skitter leap climb spin stop wide eyed double take ... bolts out of the room and stops in front of your face . Cocks his head to the side . * What ? Never seen a man act like a cat before ? 
Yup . You were right . I woke up first . ^_^ 
Well ... it's about damn time . I finally have a real fucking door ! Instead of a plastic P.O.S. I have a fully fledged wooden door . Before you ask , yes I went years without any real privacy . Now I have a door that can offer that . ^_^ 
To sleep and wake to a new day ... a day I hope will not drain me completely . 
For some reason ... feels like he needs a drink . 
Somewhere within this muddled mind is an answer . 
To anyone who knows me personally , and who has met me . Am I hard to read ? For most of the day I have thought about the past few days , and I'm left with this question : Am I hard to read ? I pretty much answer any question asked of me . But does my body language throw people off that much ? So tell me ... am I ? Be honest though . 
Just now ... I drank some milk ... and it almost came out of my nose ... 
Bored ... missing company . 
Got off work ... now I'm stuck at home ... again . 
GREAT ! Turns out that it should start snowing tomorrow morning ... I freaking work tomorrow ... I hope it won't kill plans for this weekend either . Need to get out of this house , talking to the walls and myself doesn't help either . * sigh * save me ... 
24-30 inches ... shit ... O_O 
Ok ... Zoo world is rather ... weird . But a good time waster if youwish to build your dream zoo . ^_^ The apps my friends get me into ... lol 
Now the shoveling side effect has kicked in ... man am I sore ... a massage and a nap would do good right about now ... 
3 hours of sleep ... just to be woken up to shovel some more ... I'm NOT in the happiest of moods right now . 
I just want to say ... doing truck for Burger < PROPMALE > for the first time nearly turned me into a human popsicle . All of it was in the Freezer/Fridge and I could not move any product outside of the Freezer/Fridge . Plus in the process of organizing things I boxed myself in ( literally ) so I had to keep at it till I < PROPFEMALE > trapped myself . Now ... I'm very tired ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
GUESS WHAT ! No work today ... snowed in onece more . Though in other news I'm off saturday and sunday so I can FINALLY geek out . 
I find it astounding that no matter how hard you try , it never fucking works . 
Hands are dry and itchy ... DAMN that sanitizer fluid from work ! I'm literally using my teeth to scratch my hands ... thats how crazy the itchyness is driving me ! 
* Flails his arms around wildly as if he is standing on a giant fan . * THERE IS NOTHING TO DO ! * Cravings of a social nature begin to creep into his skull * 
WTF IS WRONG ! CASTLE AGE IS BEING A BITCH ! 
My cat is STABBIMG ME with his razor sharp CLAWS ! I'm gonna throw his ass in the nearest snow bank ! 
Stressed a muscle at work today ... almost the whole right side of my back is SCREAMING at me ... I can't even stand up straight while I walk . lol . 
Just found a bucnh of photos from my senior year of high school ... it was for my Journalism class senior year ... why in the hell did I take pictures of people's shoes !? 
I FOUND MY MARBLES ! 
To any and all Gendounians , we pwn . 
Oh , gendounians , the person I suggested was < PROPFEMALE > from chat if you are confused 
I DECLARE A POKE WAR !!!!!!! 
A POKE WAR IS AFOOT ! 
Might not be working today . Safe at work won't open , so store can't open till it opens . LOL XD Hopes for extra day off ! 
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWKING work SUCKED ! Nothing worked right , the safe is broke so a safe cracker dude thingy < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is gonna come in and open it tomorrow . Managers are useless , I move 4 times faster than they do . People going apeshit over how slow we were when WE WERE SLAMMED AT LUNCH . Can I PLEASE burn down that store !? 
Gonna go kill things on xbox . wanna join ? GT : Phantomfreak70 Or text me for those who know me . Might be Modern Warfare 2 but is willing to play other things 
Meh ... off to work I go ... =_= 
For some strange reason feels the need to cuddle ... dunno why ... 
The sound of the wind is soothing ... 
I want to do something ... one day off and my skin is crawling . Looking at the time my brain screams \FAWK ! I work in the next 10 hours ... \"." 
Another 24+ hours off ... god I need something to keep me occupied ... 
Is gonna go pass out ..... 
-sigh- Sleep is creeping up on my like a cold . Only to wake to another day of dissatisfied people and crummy employees . Makes being with friends all the more craved ... 
Off to sleep again to awake and repeat the same boring process all over again ... 
My cat is draped accross my lap and is nuzzling my hand as I type this ... he bit me ... I love him ... but he is a pest sometimes . 
Everyone ! I just lost the game ... loss #208 
I need a new job ... need a car ... hell I need a change in direction . 
GHA IM SO FUCKING BORED ! 
is heading to bed . Any and all questions comments or gripes can be left in the comment box below ... I'll check back in 6 hours . ( Seriously ... I will . Turn around shifts suck ass ... ) 
Bored ... once more * slams head on desk * 
I feel better now 
You know ... I had something to say but now I don't ... only thing to say is I can geek out this weekend ... other than that I dunno . 
Late night , cool breeze coming through the window ... just a few more things and it would be a better time . 
Tomorrow should be a good day ... I hope ... 
Mmmmmm ... tacos .... 
All it takes is one hug , and all the negativity within just vanishes . 
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GENDOUNIANS ! CHILL THE FUCK OUT ! 
I'm wearing a pair of pants that I wear around the house cause there is a hole in the crotch ... the hole just got bigger ... WHAT DID I DO !? o_O 
Currently playing around with the Audacity program 
Ok done playing around 
Another night where silence overtakes me ... 
11pm feels like 2am when you aren't doing anything ... 
I have tommorow off ... except for the whole taking poncho back to the vet and dinner with father . Other than that ... I get to sleep in ... though I do miss my gf ... T_T 
BACK from a day long no show on fb ... life is VERY good ^_^ 
I cannot describe how bored I'am atm ... 
I don't want to goto work today ... I just want to stay home and play games OR spend the whole day with the girl I love . 
This past day could not have gone any better . Finally able to drive again , KICKED ASS in MW2 , and watched a really cool movie with my awesome gf , < PROPFEMALE > ( I hated watching you go though T_T ) . The feeling I have now is ... gha it's that feeling where nothing can touch you . Where you feel a ton lighter , and feel as if everything aligned just right just for you . I think the full < PROPFEMALE > played small a role in it too ... 
All is right in my world !!! at least I can now stop overthinking ... 
Today is gonna be fun ... Gotta work at 8am ... gonna get close to 5 hours of sleep ... and I work till 4pm . And it's Sunday ... It's gonna be a bloody fucking Sunday . It always is . 
WE HAVE A NEW INTERNET PROVIDER ! Issue is , fucking wireless on the router WILL NOT WORK ! So I'm using another person's signal to use the net . I'M A FAWKING PIRATE MATES ! Plus , I CAN'T PLAY XBOX LIVE !!!! Urge to kill at high levels ! NO RELEASE IN SIGHT ! 
I FIXED THE WIRELESS NETWORK HERE ! Now I have FULL POWER ! 
Gots me a haircut . 
As the pitty patter of rain outside my window serenades away , I cannot help but find myself nodding off here at the keyboard . The rain is letting up now ... I can hear the pauses between drops lengthening ... maybe I need to sleep too , and allow the rain to put me to sleep . 
YES ! The last time I saw this movie I was like ... 5 ! \The Adventures of Baron Munchausen\ " Is by far the best movie I saw as a kid . " 
Some chud on xboxlive got a wild hair up his ass and thinks the best way to get back and a friend and I is to hack our accounts . So in case he does happen to do such a feat , I sent a message to all of those I want to keep as friends and keep playing with , telling them my secondary account . In case you have an xboxlive account , my primary Gamer Tag is : Phantomfreak70 , My \noob\ " account is : Raggnorok . " 
Why do I feel like Break from Pandora Hearts right now ? * Um cha um cha * 
My room now smells like \Caribbean Salsa \"." 
Brain is BURNT ! Wanna kill things to lighten mood ... 
Saw the Firefight 2.0 trailer ... TASTY ! Now to get some food ... 
THE WAIT IS KILLING ME !!!!!!!!! 
WTF CHILDREN !? ( gendounian directed phrase . ) Whats with the whole \WE'RE DATING ! \ " \ " no we aren't\ " \ " GRRRR I HATE YOUR DATING DESCICIONS ! \ " \ 
Ok ... you know that feling when you haven't seen a certain someone ... and you REALLY want to be with them ... All I have to say is MY BRAIN IS ON FIRE !!!!!!!! 
Fell asleep with the headphones on ... woke up with them off my head and on full blast half a foot away from my head . Batteries didn't even die . That is one good mp3 for 8 hours ^_^ 
News flash ... ITS FUCKING HOT ! 
Thanks for all the bithday wishes ... and now to sleep ... 
And so , I lay my dog to sleep for the last time ... may he rest well and his pains no longer aile him . 
My boss has yet to notice i put a rolled up sticker on her hair tie ... it looks like it is a part of it ... but i know the truth . 
Customer : can i have 20 frozen drinks ? \ 
\ 
Me : H-h-how many !? \ 
Customer : 20\ 
Me : Ok ... you do know its gonna take a while right ? \ 
The machine haaaaaates me . 
Less than a week till Otakon 2010 . This time gonna take LOTS of pictures and TONS of video . 
There is a little boy that just dry humped the table infront of me . Even on break i see some fucked up shit . 
Here we go again ! Getting ready for the three day trip to Otakon . AFTER I KILL MY MICROPHONE FOR TRIPPING ME FOR THE LAST TIME ( happened just now) ! This year lots more pictures and lots more video . Hopefully I can come home with a bit more than just a few manga and a couple DVDs . And as a bonus , I'm not going alone this year . 
I have already been given the urge to choke a squealing fangirl ... 
Good first day . Got here with no hassels . Made a few friends . Have my costume . All in all a slight headache . But things are all good . 
Half tempted to go from just a coke to a beer . 
Fire alarm at the con . Gf and i are at bar and grill at my hotel . All is good . THE CHIPS HERE ARE AWESOME . I know where im staying next year now . 
Apparently its time for the rave ... toooooo many people . 
I think i know why i dont like gaia online anymore . 
Why do i have the opening credits song from \Once Upon A Time In China\ " stuck in my head ? " 
Messing with people is fun ... especially if they are of a somewhat innocent mind 
BWAHAHAHAHAHAH ! THE STORM HAS HIT ! I love the chaos it brings . 
I started work at 12:05 pm ... i was supposed to get off at 8pm . Coworker called in sick due to diahrrea . So im stuck here till 10pm ... shoot me . 
I so cannot feel a thing right now ... im drinking with by brother right now and we have killed a bottle of gentleman < PROPFIRST > and half a bottle of rum ... i ca 
n stil spell ROFL !!! 
WHY IS NO ONES CELLPHONE WORKING !? 
\It's my job to help those who suffer from Chronic Bitch Dependency . \ " ~ A Pimp Named Slickback ~ " 
It's late at night ... I'm beyond bored ... I just feel like ranting . About a lot of things ... life ... people in messed up relationships ... work . My actual brain is trying to dig itself out of the vacuum known as restlessness . You know what ... you'll see it in a note soon . 
The storm we just had flooded the main entrance to the store with a puddle ... rained so hard you could only see about 20 feet in front of you . 
Well ... cross them fingers and toes cause I'm hoping my skills as a gamer puts me in line for a job . 
I really miss my gf ... like its hitting me hard and it sucks . 
Fucking manager expects me to take a 10 minute break an hour before i clock out for the day . I REALLY hate my fucking job ! 
Things as of late are interesting at best . Today isnt all too busy , spent time with < PROPFEMALE > , summer is dying down . Finally i get to see some snow . 
SPAM HAM AND FUCKING EGGS ! WHAT ELSE DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND !? 
Picture I'm a dreamer . I'll take you deeper . Down to the sleepy glow . Time is alone .... don't you know ? What are we going to do ? 
Its interesting how i can be \big brother\ " for some people . " 
This veggie burger tastes like meatloaf to me . 
I work with idiots ... 
I was making a vanilla shake , and spilled it just a moment ago . And the manager asked me \what happened ? \ " . I told her i was jerking off . " 
You know ... it might be because of my old fashioned thinking that the kids i see walking around the mall with backpacks on are mental rejects from high school . 
I pity them , yet despise them for the life they squander inside a mall walking instead of having their head in a book learning something . Work first , fun later . 
Then these people walking around with headphones on . Is it a personal soundtrack they move to , or is it a want to sever themselves from society in public ? 
Another rant from a restless soul ... 
You know its impatient people who piss me off . Not rude , not arrogant , not uncooth , nor ungreatful . Impatient people who assume things will work in their favor 
I have worked fast food for a grand total of 5 years . And i have gone through several phases while working here . 
I know i need a new job , but where i live , and given the current state of the job market , its not as easy as saying \then go get a new job . \"" 
Dont you think i've tried looking ? People come here looking for a job ... kinda tells me they have been looking as well but not as successful . 
A british comedian brought this to my attention . He sstarted talking about god and satan , and how he was an athiest . He said since satan was cast out of heaven , 
for doing bad things . Those who do bad things in life and get sent to hell ... wouldnt they be allies to satan ? Since they forsake god and disobeyed him ... 
they would be more like buddies than souls dammed to be eternally tortured . Imma let you guys simmer on that . 
I know its bad to giggle at ones misfortune ... but life has a funny way of telling you if you are worthy to be a parent or not . She cant find her child . 
Bad thing it is , truly , to lose track of your child . But would you be a bit more attentive if you are in a mall with hundreds of people ? 
Im a horribly brutally honest person at times ... at that was one of them . 
I dont like it when i have to shave ... cause everyone who sees my naked face says \YOU LOOK LIKE A BABY ! \ " . Thats why I prefer the scruff over naked face . " 
I find it funny that we as an nation have assigned a small collective of people to determine if we are or arent in a recession . 
I see that as squandering resources which could be better put to use aiding the job market . 
If things havent noticably gotten better ... maybe we are still in a recession . 
Dear world ... WHY IN GODS NAME ARE YOU DRESSING ME UP AS A BLUEBERRY FOR WORK !? 
Lets also not forget to mention the twitard inspired name tags i get to wear . We just had new nametags displaying what positions we can work . WTF is this BS !? 
God forbid that fast food fashion is out of date , now we gotta look like twits up front and in drive-thru . Great now im informed there is uniform underwear ... 
The Shake Weight ... the greatest way to practice masturbation while you lose weight . 
I think theres a condition called \perpetual wtf look\ " cause this guy who is walking around has a constant cocked eyebrow .... Oh and how about them skins ? " 
Another late night talking to myself . Oh ! Beat Fallout : New Vegas . It wont let you continue ... 
You ever look at a person and blurt out the first thing in your head without even thinking ? I called a customer pregnant . Who is an asshole !? THIS DUMBASS IS ! 
I took two Excedrin a couple hours ago to kill a headache and went back to sleep ... I feel slightly numb in both arms . I did sleep on them funny though . 
Apparently with the release of Kinect for the 360 , Burger < PROPMALE > is doing the toy promotion for it . 
Why must this new generation be plauged with overly dramatic women ? I blame \teenage novels\ " . Due to it glorifying the lying backstabbing young women persona . " 
San < PROPFIRST > has banned happy meals from being sold in their city if the calorie content goes over a specified amount . Twas done in the name of \Food Justice \"." 
Some children should come with a mute button .... cause i think some kids need a constant mute till age 13 . 
The Prodigy is stuck in my head ... 
I still haz my trollin powahs ! 
I snatched a fly out of mid air ! And squeeeeshed it . (^_^) 
At work ... on break ... eating subway . Listening to System of a Down . Shweeeeeeeeeeeeeet . 
Jesus : I'll take that gun , shove it in your ass and pull the trigger till it goes click . \ 
Lebowski : Jesus .... \ 
Jesus : Thats right ! Nobody fucks with the Jesus ... 
ALL TOGETHER NOW !!! \ 
HUUUUUUUUUUR DERP DERP HURDERPERDERP !! 
They keep throwing away mah newspaper ... imma read it dammit ! 
Tomorrow ... Shugo will come to FULL realization . Lets just hope i do well with his progression into the man known as Shugo Kagasawa . 
Just watched TFS Dragon Ball Z Abridged ... I can't feel my sides ... 
For those who dont know ... there is a lunar eclipse going on and its halfway through its eclipse . 
My co-workers are blaring christmas music ... in spanish ... 
WHATS UP PEOPLE !? 
I now have Team Fortress 2 for the PC ... guess what I can't do ... PLAY TF2 ! FAAAAAAAAAWK ! 
God dammit ... APPARENTLY I need to buy a new tower since the one I have cannot have it's RAM expanded past 1GB ... Hopefully I can get one from the refurbished PC store without the HDD already in it . That way I won't have another Hard Drive just floating around . 
I have a hungering for a Deathburger ... with cheese . 
Dear world ... why did you take good graphics , decent characters , wonderful music , and give it so many diverging plot lines that it makes the game suuuuuck ? 
I FUCKING HATE LIFE ! 
I moved around waaaay too much tonight ... I'm coughing a lot . All in all , twas a very joyful night . 
DUDE THERE IS LIGHTNING SNOW ! 
Can't sleep 
Im an idiot worrying my head over such a small issue . I just now realized that . 
Trying to quiet the voices in his head 
Ugh ... It's gonna be valentines day here soon . 
Got bored ... drew a tree and a path to something ... and brain stopped 
I will say this ... after working with spanish women for years , they love to overembelish shit . 
Just woke up 
I'm gonna go get lost in killing things ... join me on xbox live if interested . GT : Phantomfreak70 
\Oh the winter winds litter London with lonely hearts . But the warmth in your eyes swept me into your arms . Was it love or fear of the cold that lead us through the night . With every kiss your beauty trumped my doubt ... \"" 
Music is my muse . My shepard , my guidepost , my blood . It is the base of my emotions and is also the fuel that drives them . My heart can be quelled by it , and my mind can be enraged with it . It can help me disappear and aid in my return . It is my soul . 
Lol ... yeah you'd do that 
I've gotta say with the whole internet at my fingertips ... I'm quite bored ... 
At least I can still make people smile (^_^) 
So tired ... * passes out * 
Super Bowl sunday and not a soul in sight here at work . 
My coworkers keep asking me about my gf . I keep telling them i dont have one . But now that i think about it ... 9 months ... what did i get out of it ? 
GUESS WHAT SNITCHES ! Just got my taxes back . 
Aaaaand I'm bored ... 
Sometimes I wonder if I'm a good friend or not to some people ... 
Well i now have a laptop . 
Starting the long task of ripping all my music from all the cds I have ... 
Ive got the next 3 days off ... and I've got nothing to do ... 
Brother just gave up on Metro 2033 ... he says the shotgun is amazingly underpowered ... lol 
Children ... it is children who bicker and fuss over who gets to negotiate with the Mushroom < PROPMALE > . 
My ass has finally begun to eat MY HAND ! IT HUNGERS ..... FOR MOOOOORE .... 
I swear ... some children need to be taught when to shut up 
Heres a good quote for ya . \Tis a fool who looks into the Garden of < PROPFEMALE > and sees not the snake but the woman instead . \"" 
I love how ignorant customers draw the most bullshit assumptions of an eating establishment just so they can bitch . Makes me wonder if I should sell soap boxes . 
Guess what snitches ! I'am now able to watch vids on Youtube with no ads ... you mad bro ? 
Watching Gurren Lagann ... THEY KILLED KAMINA ! YOU BASTARDS !!! 
The more and more I read up on earthquakes and the evidence supporting theories and such ... The US seems due for one soon . Either New Madrid Fault line or the San < PROPMALE > Fault line could be next . And as much as I hate to say it , it might cause the Yellowstone National Park volcanic caldera to rupture . If so the whole world is in for a huge shit storm should this all happen . Unlikely but still possible . 
Lets start off the day with going into work 2 hours early followed by your boss leaving you with only 2 other employees to goto a sick employee at the hospital . 
Its < PROPFIRST > Walken's birthday today .... FEAR THE WALKEN ! 
Came home to the cats bleeding foot again ... hes all bandaged up and mad at me for holding him while sis wrapped his foot . 
Apparently there is a tax deduction for having fat children in illinois . I find it sad they actually had to go that far ... 
Customer(nurse ): may i have a small drink ? \ 
Me : sure , do you want the 16oz cup or the 20oz cup ? \ 
Customer(nurse ): whats the difference ? \ 
Me : -head explodes- 
The U.S. Navy bought 59,000 microchips for use in everything from missles to transponders . All of them turned out to be counterfeits from < PROPFEMALE > . 
My turn I guess . Like for answers . \ 
If you died :\ 
If you tripped on a rock : \ 
If you cry : \ 
If you live next door : \ 
If i woke up next to you : \ 
... If you kiss me : \ 
Do I like your profile picture : \ 
Do I see you in my future :\ 
Do I regret meeting you :\ 
Do you make me smile : 
Please ... no more turn around shifts ... 
Boredom , background music , and thinking . Good way to end the night I guess ? 
Wide awake and just passing time . 
I'am amazed at our leaders ... the plan they wish to enact on the debt ceiling will only last a few months , giving them time to come up with a better plan . 
Should'nt we have done something about this a year ago rather than run around like chickens with their heads cut off ? 
Guess what ! Looks like Obama will be giving a speech on the stalemate on the debt ceiling at 9pm . I'm curious as to what is to be said .... 
Huh ... the room is spinning slightly . 
Croutons are officially a snack food . 
Path of Exile .... hmmm . Me likey . 
The bed beckons me so ... * passes out * 
Ok ... for a second there my laptop thought caps lock meant caps is off ... 
Can't sleep .... shouldn't have taken a nap earlier 
Absolutely nothing to do . Clanmates are MIA . Games have a loss of interest . Just another boring night . 
I'm confused as to why I feel somewhat guarded against . Talking to me is easier than you may think . Just try me . 
Just got back from a bar and grill 
Back to square one . If only women were more adept at being straightforward and not dropping \hints\ " like we were in highschool . And to include their backstabbing conniving \ " friends\ " who \ " look out for their friends\ " . Please ... allow me to find a more mature woman . One who isn't afraid to tell it like it is . " 
God dammit so pissed I can't even try to fall asleep 
London is on fire , < PROPFEMALE > is losing it's shit over stocks , and the middle east is spilling the blood of it's own people . \ 
Sign of the times ? 
Just ripped a flea in half .... bwahahaha 
I want TES5 and MW3 to be out NAO ! Need something new to play ! 
GHA ! It feels like it's 12am but it's almost 9 ... need a distraction . 
Who would win in a fight ... Conan the Barbarian or Conan O`Brian ? \ 
My money ... O`Brian . His orange hair alone would demolish anything Barbarian boy has to offer . 
Now I want to watch Rurouni Kenshin ... and not Samurai X . They call him \The Slasher\ " ... He's \ " The Manslayer\ " not some crappy 1980s horror film villian . " 
Power Recliners ... Americans are so lazy we need to take power window technology and add it to our chairs . -facepalm- 
Can't go wrong with rum ... straight or mixed . Can't go wrong with it . 
Bed ... need a bed ... 
I worked my ass off for $362.80 . That was my paycheck for the past two weeks . Now here is the FUC < PROPMALE > HILARIOUS PART . Apparently that check bounced ... AGAIN . And it's a PAYCHECK from BURGER < PROPMALE > . I goto the ATM to pull out rent money and turns out , after the withdrawal , I'm in the hole $304 . THE PAYCHECK BOUNCED . IT ... FUC < PROPMALE > ... BOUNCED . So I had to take $400 from savings to cover what would have caused me more money out of pocket had I not noticed . GET YOUR SHIT IN GEAR BURGER < PROPMALE > ! 
The CDC is now giving the US citizens advice on how to survive a zombie apocolypse ... god help us all . 
Watching Top Gear on BBC ... its official . British city dwellers CANNOT camp to save their souls . 
Um ... when did facebook get video chat ? 
I have to giggle at myself . For all the wisdom and advice I can give , it is hard to follow it myself . But I'm trying ... 
Ok ... now facebook is like skype but with full fleshed out profiles instead of witty one liners . But no multiple videos callers at the same time . Weird . 
We have new napkins ... I can tell because they are pinkish ... 
I know the truth . And im better because of it . 
You know what scares me about some nurses ... they cant do math . Lemme stress that for ya ... some NURSES CANT do MATH 
I ! Gives no fucks . Wanna know why ? Cause I know what is right ... I KNOW THE TRUTH and NOTHING WILL CHANGE THAT . 
I'm the one who should have been asked what was true and what was a lie . NOT what was told to you by a third party . I KNOW what was said , and never twisted any words to suit myself . THAT was the third party that did that NOT ME . 
Watching \A Clockwork Orange \"" 
Bed ... time for bed ... 
Or not ... 
Hmmm ... since chat wont work , inbox me instead . 
THERE WAS A FUCKING EARTHQUAKE . LOL 
Oooohh ... the sky is a pretty shade of red ... 
Dear Facebook , \ 
You come out with new features almost all the time , which your users utilize in order to improve their use of the applications and website you provide . Is it too much to ask to not let messages drop , not go through , or experience the lagtastic moments I had earlier today ? \ 
I know there may be glitches and whatnot , but a 6 hour lagfest between two phones and you , facebook , should not go unnoticed . \ 
Sincerely Yours , \ 
Slightly Disgruntled User 
Misaki < PROPFEMALE > I'm so sorry ... damn facebook makes me seem like a stalker ... 
I feel accomplished ... I made a woman blush ^_^ 
Looking outside right now , with all this cloud cover , one would think it was close to nighttime ... and it kinda feels like that . 
I hear thunder ... and not the wimpy low rolling kind ... the kind that crackles evilly . And all I do is smile ... 
Playing Dead Island ... and have a couple issues ... first ... WHY IN GODS NAME IS AN IRISHMAN ON AN ISLAND OFF THE COAST OF AUSTRALIA !? Second ... why is the face posing and lip syncing absofugginlutely horrible ? 
I said id drink for you ... lol 
Just had a customer sneeze so hard , he looked like he hovered above the ground for a moment , and landed looking bewildered .... lol 
I ... have wheels now ... It's a 1999 Chevy Cavalier with 89230 < PROPMALE > on it . No issues . Excellent condition , aside from some cracks on the interior plastic and paint missing from the roof . KBB puts it at about $ 3,000 ish dollars give or take a few hundred ) only going to pay $1600 . 
Nevermind ... it was sold anyways and the people who bought it just went by to pick it up . 
