I really need a better way to fill up my day 

Just ran a buttload of errands for my mom ... she owes me ! 
Goodnight everyone ! 
about to have some KFC delivered to my waiting lap . This is the life ... 
You don't score until you score ! 
going to take my senior pictures in a little bit . 
i'm now an honor sociecty member . 
I dare do all that may become a man , he who dares more , is none . 
Once upon a midnight dreary , while i pondered , weak and weary ... 
just gave myself a haircut 
dont try to get a hold of me on my phone . my dad shut it off 
my dad shut my phone off . dont try to get a hold of me through it 
this conversation just made my day 
< PROPMALE > is no longer allowed to plan trips to vegas 
I am about to hurt a child 
my new profile photo shows complete joy and happiness incarnate . you should aspire to have such an image grace your profile 
< PROPFIRST > Current is the biggest retard that has ever walked the planet . 
i tried to show my sister 2 girls one cup but i got < PROPMALE > rolled . but i did show my mom 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is representative of all that is man . 
< PROPFEMALE > portman is an awesome rapper 
Disturb not the < PROPFEMALE > of Fire , Ice , or Lightning , Lest these Titans wreak destruction upon the world in which they clash . Though the water's Great Guardian shall arise to quell the fighting , Alone its song will fail . Thus the Earth shall turn to ash . 
life is perfect . 
To think is to create . 
I swear , by my life and my love of it , that I will never live for the sake of another man , nor ask another man to live for mine . 
Since when did < PROPFEMALE > u kang train < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Apparently jesus played the keytar And rode a < PROPMALE > ... Good to know 
If you dont pay your hooker , can you be arrested for shoplifting ? 
who says I can't be free ? 
i want to do it so bad , but im afraid to act and make it happen 
' I want a girl who is 85 percent perfect ' ' why not 100 percent perfect ? ' ' cause that leaves no room for growth ' 
Oh , < PROPFIRST > qué tristeza\ 
No comprendes , no\ 
La mano que me das\ 
Me acarició el corazón\ 
Oh , < PROPFIRST > \ 
Tan hermoso\ 
Son tipos como tú , < PROPFIRST > \ 
Ámame a mí , < PROPFIRST > \ 
Sí , < PROPFIRST > \ 
No Corazón , < PROPFIRST > 
I wish my lawn was emo so it would cut itself ... 
why do you always give me the run around ? 
Nightmare by A7X is epic . Two thumbs up . 
Babes .... The one thing better than brawlin . 
I cannot wait for tomorrow . Night on the strip with the best girl in town . it's going to be a day to remember . 
My plans for the day were completely ruined , and i couldnt be happier . :-) 
I love how I can get in my car at my house , go uptown , hit the drive through , and get all the way home while listening to the same Metallica song . Pretty awesome 
So is there anything different from Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Z < PROPFEMALE > other than the Opening Song ? 
Vocal Adrenaline is GOING DOWN ! 
I messed up again ... 
i'm forever yours .... faithfully 
If god didnt want me to eat animals , then why did he cover them in meat ? 
Rule # 76 : No excuses play like a champ ! 
calling out for help ! i just got a new kodak camera and a sandisk sdhc card . when i put the card in the camera it says it needs to be formatted . i tell it to format , and it just says that it needs to be formatted again . i tried reformatting it through the computer , and it still didnt work . any ideas how to fix it ? 
I guess having a broken camera worked in my favor . I just upgraded to a nicer one when i was exchanging it . 
Ifyou're brave , copy this as your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable(6 ) outgoing ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) goofy(12 ) funny ( 13 ) awesomely awesome ( 14 ) amazing ( 15 ) beautiful ( 16 ) ... cute ... ( 17)best friends ( 18 ) bf/gf ... ( 19)m ... y love . :D 
< PROPFIRST>'s jr was rocking some A7X . I am impressed 
Just finished training to become a ChaCha guide 
I have a feeling that this 4th of July is going to be my favorite one yet . It will definitely be the best day this summer ... 
i just turned my keyboard into a video game ... pretty awesome 
Only in < PROPFEMALE > do people go to the bar to play yahtzee .... 
Ther is only one Return , and it's not of the < PROPMALE > , it's of the Jedi ! 
cooking up a package of bacon for dinner ... 
My favorite bible verse- < PROPMALE > 4:50 - ' He who behaveth like a good little boy shall recieve and action figure of the Spider-man . ' 
Its time to try defying gravity ... 
You know what really grinds my gears ? When people who are dating , and most of whom have been dating for less than 3 months , put the date that they started dating on the end of every single facebook post . No one cares what day you started dating . 
Time for orientation 
I'm making things so much harder for myself than they need to be . 
Im on my own tonight .... 
The dark is generous . \ 
Its first gift is concealment : our true faces lie in the dark beneath our skins , our true hearts remain shadowed deeper still . But the greatest concealment lies not in protecting our secret truths , but in hiding from us the truths of others . The dark protects us from what we dare not know . 
' they are all about where people come from . The only thing thats important is where a person is going ' 
Is it wrong to want something too much ? 
This is a weight off my mind . I am a very happy person 
\ You aren't my type\ " \ 
Just finished watching lord of the rings . Most people dont realize that at the start of the quest Aragorn was 87 years old and was still a complete B.A ! 
' How about lavender ? ' \ 
' How about not ?! ' 
Who knows me best ?! State my : Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . \ 
Bestfriend . Favorite food . Life's aspiration . Where I was born . Nickname . Copy this into \ 
your status and see who knows you best . 
Absolute zero is the coolest ! 
My last soccer practice . Tomorrow is my last day in town . 
Women are never more dangerous to men than when they have to be saved . Beware , Beware ... 
Hey pahrump- Im outta here . Peace out . Word to your mama ... 
I had an Amazing Night 
I know everybody in Utah is at church right now , but couldn't they have at least left the gym unlocked for me ?! 
Why is the first < PROPFEMALE > of my spanish book a picture of 2 girls kissing ? 
Just bought some new kicks ... hate to do it , but my old ones are falling apart . 
3rd floor party tonight in Da Swagga Suite 
I am impressed . I have been a college student for a mere week and I already have given up all faith in humanity , not to mention my own senses . I am really getting my money's worth here , SUU . 
I am now on a college snare line . 
I have 77 , yes , 77 ! songs to learn for drumline before next saturday . I have got some work to do 
Home for the weekend 
The Dark Is Gernerous-\ 
Its first gift is concealment : our true faces lie in the dark beneath our skins , our true hearts remain shadowed deeper still . \ 
But the greatest concealment lies not in protecting our secret truths , but in hiding from us the truths of others . \ 
The dark protects us from what we dare not know . 
Mind blown 
He aquí el caballo amarillo . El hombre que estaba sentado sobre él < PROPFEMALE > la muerte y el Hades < PROPFEMALE > seguía . 
WOW . This is ridiculous . 
I don't know how to put this .... I'm kind of a big deal . People know me . I have many leather bound books , and my apartment smells of < PROPMALE > mahogany ... 
I sell ice in winter , i push fire in hell . You know I'm a hustler , I could sell water to a well . 
You know it is a good day when your roommate gets pepper sprayed . I is a great day when he does it to himself . EPIC WIN ! 
Sweet . We have 15 music practice rooms on campus . - Not so sweet . You have to be a music < PROPMALE > to use any of them 
Spaceships don't come equipped with rear- view mirrors . 
This is the absolute worst day ever . There is nothing that could possibly make it worse . 
I invented the question < PROPFIRST > . 
Whom ever hit my\ 
knee during basketball is a jerk . Its swollen and it is hard to walk 
Tonight is the biggest game of my life- intramural flag football . 
You know it is a good day when your professor can relate < PROPMALE > skywalker and aristotle 
Descartes was an idiot . 
So sleepy ... 
I love when I can hear my roommate singing while he takes a dump haha 
I found out tonight that i am 12 inches of black . I have been endowed by my black friend Dom . 
My niggas be some < PROPFIRST > Jones beat yo ass niggas ! 
Why does the old lady next to me look at me like i just kicked her dog every time i text ? My phone doesnt make any noise 
I need $5000 
I now fully agree that texting has made our nation stupid . For proof see the comments on my last post . 
One more class until i head home to see my family and my special lady friend 
Just went rock climbing for the first time . I busted my leg open on the rocks , but finished the route 
this is probably not a good idea , but my classes next semester range from 9 AM to 8 PM . At least I have an excuse to not get a job 
Bonfire was a great success . Made a new friend . Thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Why are barber shops not open on mondays ? How am i supposed to look my best for the week if i have to wait til tuesday ? 
About to take my philosophy and english finals 
Hoy salgo para pahrump . 
Worrying is like a rocking chair ; it gives you something to do but doesnt get you anywhere . 
Just beat the national champions ! Down goes ucla ! 
i just figured out that if I were to try to pay for college using only the money that I make working part time it would take me 20 years to pay for my freshman year . 
Grabbing some dinner before my interview 
Between my 2 tests today i spent a total of 24 minutes in class today 
Just got a new phone ... pretty sweet 
It sucks to have to work at a ski resort on the days it is actually snowing 
Got two feet of snow at work today ... 
Wow ... game over 
I got dunked on tonight 
What ?! Friends listen to Endless Love in the dark ... 
Is looking for someone to come play my new truth or dare game with me . 
Using my < PROPFEMALE > Stone 
\The only difference between a black girl and a white girl is that if a black girl asks you if her ass looks big you say ' Hell Yeah!' \"" 
I miss the arch ... 
If you are from california and come to brianhead to go skiing stop being a douche- bag . I hate that entire state . 
When things are tough , there is nothing like an \Old Fashion \"" 
I did not come to american history class to listen to 18th century french opera . 
Bored in Pahrump . Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
< PROPFEMALE > stone is my favorite actress . 
Don't over-plan ; the future is to be lived , not prearranged . \ 
< PROPMALE > Skywalker 
I love coming to work at a ski lodge and having it be too < PROPFEMALE > to open any of the lifts . 
Just booked my flight to Spain ! 
Heating to the movies 
schedule next semester : Reasoning and logic , Spanish conversation and grammar , computer science , quantitative reasoning , wellness dynamics 
That is the proper way to go to bed ... 
No shoes day 
Is anyone else feeling that I am bothering them ? Maybe feeling like having their new boyfriend tell me that they don't need me anymore ? 
