Long day = tired 

Found the secret stash of chocolate chip cookies in the freezer !!!! 
Watching Jaws II . Quite predictable . The \shark\ " is very fake looking . Haha ! " 
maybe that 3hr nap at 5pm was not such a good idea after all ... ugh ! wide awake ! 
Working on a mix of transferring all my pics from the old fb to the new one , history reports , eating breakfast , and listening to music . Man ! I will have one busy day ! Oh btw- I will deactivate my old account as soon as I get all the pics . Kk ?! 
English homework is SO boring ! No wonderwhy i never do it ! 
I'm gonna start posting all my old pics and videos soon ! I can't survive on FB with just 3 random pics off my itouch .... 
Adults created Homework and chores as a way to torture kids , despite all the talk of it benefitting you in the long run . But one day a very smart man came along named < PROPMALE > jobs ! and this very intelligent man invented the IPOD !!!! this new device helped kids endure this torment adults inflect . 
Pissed off .... UGH ! What about to type will most likely reveal me as a nerd or techy . But who cares !!! My stupid laptop saved all my pics as bitmaps instead of JPEGS !!!! ugh !!! now i have to reformat everything !!!! 
I'm a dork !!! and you love it !!!! 
I had a wonderful day !!!! School , though boring , went by fast . I'm so happy ! 
just so that all are clear : I no longer play any games on FB . Not farmville , not petville , not anything ending in -ville !!!! Please stop sending me farmville gifts . Thank you ! 
Pls help !!!! Someone who has an iPhone and is on a family plan , please tell me how much it costs per month on media and stuff !!! I need to know . I'm so close to getting one . Just need to prove to my dad I can afford it !!! Thank you in advance to anyone who can help me ! 
In-n-Out fries for breakfast is always a good idea ! ** thumbs up ** 
i have the sudden urge to go horse back riding ! 
guitar hero time ! 
RENAISSANCE FAIRE !!!!! 
finally home , showered , and content after an awesome day at the ren faire !!! I'm too lazy to upload my pics from today ... maybe tomorrow .... 
Making blueberry muffins ! Yum ! Now I just need to clean my room so that < PROPFEMALE > can actually see the floor and not step on anything . Lol ! Love ya girl ! Can't wait ! 
just saw EASY A with < PROPFEMALE > Mullins !!!!! It was AWESOME !!!! TOTALLY RECCOMMEND !!!!!!! super funny !!!! 
Started randomly speaking spanish to my dog and she listens better than speaking in english ..... hmmm .... Interesting .... 
Migraine day 2 
Laptop issues suck ! 
MASTER OF DISTGUISE !!!!! 
I wear my sunglasses at night . so i can , so i can ... 
my dog burps in her sleep !!!! lol ! 
I <3 the smell of rain ! Hope the rain lasts a few more days !!! 
made my first purchase online using my credit card . i feel like such a \grown-up\ " !!!!! Bought a blackberry sticker thingie ! does that still make me a grown-up ? " 
Stupid laptop froze .... Poo ! 
ugh ... Hiccups .... poo-ie ! 
Making crepes for breakfast ! 
Watching Transformers 2 rise of the fallen ! So far so good 
seeing Tangled tonight !!!! 
OMG !!!!!! Tangled was AWESOME ! Saw a special preview of it at the great mall . It comes out in Nov . No magic or spiritism !!!! Really funny and entertaining ! 
rainy day ! 
I love rasputins !!!!!!! 
Saw the < PROPFEMALE > pimpernel with ness and her mom ! Its really funny !!!! 
kh cleaning went rlly well ! 
PIZZA MY HEART !!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > ! 
pelting my dog with popcorn is fun ! 
thinking about making cookies .... hmmm .... 
It's cold ... 
The movie Babe brings back good childhood memories ! 
Making a < PROPMALE > cristo !!!! 
OK Go is offically my new favorite band ! 
School is boring ... It's a good thing I'll be graduating early ! 
Went to the new Pizza My Heart today in sunnyvale ! not too packed . 
megamind looks like an interesting movie ! 
Making tacos for dinner ! 
So much to do , yet so little time or energy ! 
Learning about < PROPMALE > Picasso and < PROPMALE > da Vinci . 
Watching pink panther 2 . So funny ! Loving < PROPMALE > martins french accent ! 
Its been a long day , and it's not even over yet ! 
RAIN ! 
Have to spend the whole day at hm ..... Ugh ! I wanna get out and do something ! Service was fun tho 
5 guys for dinner ! 
Missin ' my dad ! 
Watched Planet 51 . It was so funny !!!!!! 
Living on orange juice ! 
Boggis , Bunce , and Bean \ 
One Fat , one short , one lean \ 
Horrible crooks \ 
Different in looks \ 
Nonetheless equally mean ! 
looking for possible college classes to take at De Anza this winter .... It's between Guitar , drawing , and sign lanuage . Any suggestions ? Any classes that you would recommend ? 
My dog is annoying !!!! 
PB&J makes me feel little again ! 
\Do you know the muffin man ? \ 
My laptop finally works again !!!! all because of a crappy charger .... 
I <3 this weather !!! 
I love that feeling you have after finishing a good book . The feeling that only allows you smile and give a big sigh . It's the moment where you are taking everything in and processing it . Mmmm ... I love that moment 
randomly craving a 5 guys burger ! 
It seemed like a good idea at the time ... ;-) 
Researching < PROPFEMALE > and Michelangelo .... quite interesting .... 
DONE ! 
Cut my hair !! Its short !!!!! 
I feel content . Ahhhh .... 
Spending the evening with my Little friend . It will probably include something involving Toy Story . :) 
Five guys !!!!!!!! 
why does it take so long to download webcam software ????? 
Migraine !!!! 
mmmmm ... Chips and Salsa ! 
i do not understand the hairstyles of today's teenage girls ! What's with the air up in a ponytail , headband , and hair still in the face ???? Isn't the headband a way to prevent hair from being in your face ???? But guy's hairstyles are a whole other issue ! haha ! just thought i should point out an observation made today ... 
feeling a little overwelmed ! Have alot to do before the day is over . Need to read and do an anaylis for 5 short stories , go to the library , sign up for some form of community service , email a teacher regarding community service to see if she will even allow it , clean room , take the dog for a walk , and prepare all my work from the past two weeks to turn in to my teacher tomorrow . Phew ! 
Laughed when i saw the directions to some noddles said , \failure to add water to the fill line may cause product to ignite and burn\ " . Haha ! " 
tired ... 
I <3 HelloGoodbye !!!!!! 
needs to go shopping ... again .... 
45 minutes til BURN NOTICE !!! 
P.J. decided tonight was the night to sleep in my room .... haha ! he brought \refreshments just in case we get hungry\ " . He is so sweet ! Having a ball watching a movie on the blow up matress at the foot of my bed . Growimg up so fast ! " 
BADMITON !!!!! 
Megamind !!!! 
Lightening !!! Awesome !!! 
So sore ... 
Does no one answer their cell phones ??? 
Made awesome tortilla soup !!! If anyone wants the recipe , the link is on my < PROPFEMALE > . A little spicy , but has a nice heat . Love putting my own spin on dishes !!! 
Yay !!! Thrilled with the next iron chef results !!!!!! 
has decided to lock myself in my room all day tomorrow until i have completed this semester's english literature work . In reality , it actually is not alot . Only 11 short stories to read and anaylze . Hopefully will only take 3hrs . then i can party ! 
ugh ! dentist .... 
i have an awesome mommy ! she brought me home starbucks and is nice . Love you , < PROPFEMALE > Hubler !!!! xoxox 
learned how to rotate the tires on my mom's car . tired ... 
Really long sweatpants and thick socks + hardwood flooring = skating fun ! 
Its so cold !!!! 
mmm ... Starbucks .... 
Trilled that one of my grandma's finally discovered Skype ! just gotta connect the other one . 
Watching indiana jones and the last crusade with PJ 
stupid library website ! need to renew , but it won't let me ! all it is doing is reminding me of the books that are due soon ! 
Chilling at my dads work 
Happy with tonight's Burn Notice ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) \ 
there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . \ 
This is for the fight against child violence . Please do it ! 
IT CAME !!! 
I dare someone to doorbell ditch < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! Do it without getting caught . After 8pm pls ! IF U DARE !!!! 
Dentists like to play a little game called- shove as many tools and stuff into the patient's mouth as possible .... Ugh ! 
glad today is almost over ! don't ask ... 
soup 
My dad found a toad in our yard . < PROPFIRST > got to hold it . pretty sweet ! posting pics 
Just came to the realization that my bracelet does indeed GLOW IN THE DARK !!! man I am amused by the simplest things in life ... 
Kramer's bagels are the best !!!! Mmmm ! 
Home ... Time to play video games !!!! 
Only 4-5 business days ! ;) 
Safeway chinese food is good 
Watched ' no reservations ' . Great movie ! Had some sad parts , but really good ! A new fav 
Had an awesome day in service ! 
bleh ... 
Walking the dog 
Making cheddar-ale soup ! Yumm-o ! 
Burn Notice season finale tonight !!!!!! 
Tired ..... Getting up at 5am is so not fun ! 
Job shadowing day ! 
Offically looking forward to summer !!! 
Playing angry birds makes me angry 
On a rainy day like this , it takes a lot of self control not to jump in puddles ! ;-D 
Telephone - lady gaga 
Just dance 2 !!!!! 
Saw a deer !!!! It was walking in the middle of the road . Cool beans ! 
Driving in the car with the music blarring is true bliss ! 
Had an awesome day with my bff ! Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with her again 
boom-boom-pow ! 
Why do ppl randomly stop walking in front of u ??? 
Big family breakfast ! Yumm-o ! 
Just dance !!!! 
Oo-eee ! Shut my mouth ! Slap your granma ! 
Sushi + starbucks iced tea = a happy camper 
Cold morning in service !!! Brrrr ! 
Rain ... Mmmm ! Love it 
Mmmmm ! Fudge ! 
in-n-out ! 
Sushi !!!! 
Name two things that go together . Like pb and jelly , cinnamon and sugar 
Kinda wanna go on an adventure ... Hmmm ... 
Su hongs !!!! 
Sleeping-in til 11 has to stop ... School on thursday 
Getting a mani-pedi with my mommy ! Long over due 
Are we human or are we dancers ?????? 
Got new earrphones ! they're GREEN ! 
\Dad 
My house smells like bacon . Heehee ! Mmmm 
Horray for Beer ! - bowling for soup 
Waiting to be picked up .... Loving this weather ! 
grrr ... 
Watched Despicable Me . It was alright . Had some funny parts , but MegaMind was way better ! 
Green hornet , baby ! 
Just saw green hornet !!! It was really good ! 
Bonfire !!!!! And smores ! 
Note to self : hitting your elbow hard causes a big bruise and hurts alot !!!! Poo ! 
Made blueberry scones !!! Yummy ! 
School = so bored ..... Ugh ! 
Chips & guac ! 
My burrito exploded !!!! 
You're someone who knows someone who knows someone i once knew 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned : 0 ) 
if a robot does the robot , would it still be called the robot or is it just dancing ? 
Mmmmm ! Coffee ice cream !!! 
\You sick little monkey ! \ " - Ren and Stimpy " 
Little kids are so cute ! 
Had an awesome night ! 
Why does community service have to be so boring ???? 
Who's clues ???? BLUE'S CLUES !!!! 
I hate being sick ... 
Love you , mean it . Let's do lunch ! 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY to my my parents !!!!!!! 25YRS !!! 
Snow white and the 7 dwarfs is on ! 
