I'm so tired . 

My rib hurts so much ! Grrr ... 
is a little confused and wondering ... 
I am so pissed off . Actually , I spend a good deal of my time angry and that isn't a good thing . I need something to put me in a good mood ! 
I got a new camera today and I was off , so I took pics for hours . 
is working on Thanksgiving and couldn't care less . It gets her out of dealing with any drama . 
I am holed up at home taking antibiotics and coughing my butt off . No fun . 
Why have I just NOW discovered my love for Me First and the Gimme Gimmes ? 
Whores know the price of everything and the value of nothing . 
The newest Glee episode was so great . I watched the last song twice . I can't decide if I like Finn or < PROPFIRST > better for < PROPFEMALE > . That last line by < PROPFIRST > really got to me , though . * < PROPFEMALE > Sigh * . 
Wish people would mind their own business . 
Went all over Fort Worth/Dallas today . So glad to be home in the nice cool A/C ! I got a sunburned arm with blisters all over it , but at least I got a snowcone . Woot ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there . <3 
Is dealing with a lot of BS today . Sometimes , I really hate this little town . Can't wait to go to Arlington later today . 
I'm really getting fed up with all the BS . 
Someone better bring me a present to work on my birthday ... it's July 3rd , btw . =D 
Off to Matties first birthday party ! <3 
On vacation . WOOT ! 
Going to pick up my girl early in the morning .. Can't wait ! 
< PROPMALE > HOLT ! 
Daughters will outgrow our laps , but never our hearts . It's Daughter's Week - If you have a daughter that makes your life worth living just by being around her , put this is as your status . =D 
Vacation is over .. back to work . =( 
I ? Me !! I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be the first choice but I am a great choice . I don’t pretend to be something I’m not because I am too good atbeing me . I might not be proud of some things from the past but I am proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as ...... I walk away . Post this as your status if you love being you ! ?. 
HUSBANDS WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and\ 
fun , is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin \ 
who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are proud to be \ 
married to , copy and paste this to your status ,...... changing the number\ 
of years : 2 years 8 months 11/9/07 
Back to work . 
The easiest thing to be in the world is you . The most difficult thing to\ 
be is what other people want you to be . Don't let them put you in that \ 
position . 
< PROPMALE > Ramsay is AWESOME . <3 
Hoping everything goes okay tomorrow . 
I am a genius . I almost burned the place down ... lol 
Wondering where a good place to get my hair cut would be . Someone let me know ! I can't have a disaster like last time ! 
I got bangs . Woot ! 
I will no longer be carrying around photo ID . Know why ? People should know who I am . 
Your resentment is delicious . 
< PROPFIRST > Bastianich is a douchebag ... just sayin ' . 
Things I've learned today : 1 ) People do not understand the concept of paying for something BEFORE you receive it . 2 ) Apparently , copper is bad for your hands , so keep the change . 3 ) In order to have many males friends , you must learn to burp louder and longer than any of them . 4 ) When you gain 3 pounds , you must be pregnant . 
Things I learned today : 1 ) The first phones didn't utilize keypads . 2 ) When you're thinking about how bad you want to eat deviled eggs , NOTHING else will satisfy you . 3 ) Back in the day , you could travel 200 < PROPMALE > on one tank of gas ... that cost 3 dollars . Uphill ... in the snow . 
“May\ 
you - Work like you don't need the money , love like you've never been \ 
hurt , dance like n o-o ne is watching , screw like it's being filmed , and \ 
drink like a true Irishman . ” 
Things I learned today : 1 ) Drinking a 5 hour energy shot makes time move like the speed of light . It also makes the brain malfunction . 2 ) The best way to show someone your love is by buying them shoe polish . 3 ) When a group of teenagers buy 8 cartons of eggs , they aren't up to no good ... they're just making a really big omelet . 
I have nothing to declare except my genius . 
Our apartment complex caught on fire today . Fucking fantastic . It smells like burnt ass outside . 
Listen , not a year goes by , not a year , that I don't hear about some \ 
escalator accident involving some bastard kid which could have easily \ 
been avoided had some parent - I don't care which one - but some parent \ 
conditioned him to fear and respect that escalator . 
School shopping .. blech 
I've been put on shoe buying restriction . My addiction is out of control . 
I'm really frustrated . 
Well , Cyndle is at school . Hope her first day goes well . 
Okay ... I absolutely hate being awake this early . The world should not exist before 10 AM . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in ... the ... face ....... But ...... together we can raise awareness .... 
Is there no competent doctors anymore ? Holy shit , I am so sick of doctors not knowing ANYTHING . 
Had an incredibly draining week so far . Hopefully , things will get better soon . 
You've been rejected ? Feel like no one gives a shit ? Tell the internet . 
I'm awake right now because sleeping is SO unfashionable . 
About to leave for Wills MRI . Hopefully , everything is okay . 
I met a man who claimed he could catch a bullet in his teeth . \ 
\ 
He's dead now . 
*¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?. - 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or had cancer . 
Can't wait for Glee ! <3 
I love you like a gay geneticist loves designer genes . 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges ? 
I am so doped up on nyquil right now , I have no idea what's going on ... there are people sleeping on my floor and a dog that is defying gravity . 
is Loading ???????????? 99% 
I like it on the electric piano . 
I am so ecstatic but why is nothing sticking to me ? 
Damn weather radio just scared the bejeezus out of me . 
Well , I worked for a whole 35 minutes today .. lol . I'm exhausted . 
Went to see Jackass 3D .. vomit and poop in 3D is just ..... magical . Lol . 
Just spent the last 2 hours listening to 90's country music . I wish they still made awesome music like that . I hate new country . 
Today marks three years with the most wonderful man in the whole world . Happy Anniversary and I love you , Will . 
I am < PROPFEMALE>'s obsessive need to stick it to \the man \"." 
Sleepy time . 
My daughter has informed me that she has awesome fighting skills . 
CATACLYSM ! 
I knew nothing about this eclipse business ! Facebook is totally good for something ! 
Pay it forward 2011 ~ \ 
I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people . No time limit !! Just this year some tim ............ e ... ( phew ! ) 
scratch here ?????????????? to reveal today’s status . 
This is just BS . I did not go from being a Cancer to being a Gemini just b/c the earth is turning funky . 
Anyone who uses the phrase “easy as taking < PROPFEMALE > from a baby” has never tried taking < PROPFEMALE > from a baby . 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing daughter , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
