Happy New Year everyone ! 

Enrollment is now open for Masters School of < PROPMALE>'s Spring 2010 term . Visit our website www.msoaonline.com for details . 
is announcing the Spring 2009 Web Gallery is now available for viewing at http://www.msoaonline.com . 
doesn't understand the appeal of Twitter . Just joined today and it seems rather boring . What's the big deal ? 
just joined Farm Town and is hoping her friends will send her gifts !! :-) 
thinks her new little kitten is part pig . 
thanks everyone for the Farm Town gifts ! 
is looking forward to MSOA's Summer Camp this week ! Come join us for the fun ! See our website for details . http://www.msoaonline.com 
has two new addictions : her new < PROPFEMALE > and FarmTown ! She can't figure out which is more fun yet she realizes she doesn't have time for either . 
is amused at her new < PROPFEMALE > , Midnight giving a high-five in front of the Vet today . The vet was impressed ! 
is NOT enjoying this hot weather . Give me 60 degrees and rain anyday ! 
thinks it's funny the vet said , while trying to give Midnight his shots , that she wasn't going to let a little 3 pound kitten get the best of her . So she takes him away and comes back with de-worming medicine all over her jacket . Seems there was a struggl 
is having fun teaching Cartooning and Color Pencil at summer camp this week ! 
has renamed her new kitten to \Midnight T . Barnes\ " because Trouble is his middle name ! .. with a capital T ! " 
is feeling a little depressed this evening . :( 
If you want to enroll for our Fall 2009 Term , be sure to email me ASAP ! A lot of classes have already filled and closed . Enroll now before more classes close ! Visit our website : www.msoaonline.com for details . 
So I wake up calling out my cat's name over and over . I open my eyes and there sits my cat , 2 inches from my nose ... staring at me . I can't help but wonder how long I was crying out his name and just how needy my cat really thinks I am ! 
is tired of her cat stomping on her face every night . 
thinks her dog is tired of the cat slapping her in the face all the time . 
is sad because her dog is sick . :-( 
is so happy her dog is feeling better ! 
is tiptoeing through the tulips . 
can't believe < PROPMALE > school st < PROPMALE > s in less than a week ! 
is so excited ! She's going to a Jaguars football game next month when they come to Seattle . < doing the happy dance > 
is so happy it's raining today ! I love rain . 
Orientation is tonight ! Looking forward to seeing everyone again . I miss all of you so much over the summer ! 
had a wonderful time on Thursday and Friday at < PROPMALE > school . It's going to be a great term !! Loved every one of my classes ( that I'm taking AND teaching ) . 
has got the joy , joy , joy , joy down in her heart . 
was too sick to go to school today . :-( 
is ready for Autumn ! 
is constantly learning new things . 
is getting really tired of seeing the near pornagraphic advertisements for the game \Evony\ " on Facebook !!! Does anyone know where or who to contact on Facebook to complain ? " 
caught < PROPFIRST>'s cold . Pretty amazing considering she didn't even know he threw it at her . 
lost her voice last night . If anyone finds it , would you please return it to her ? Thanks ! 
found her voice . Apparently it had fallen out of her mouth in the middle of the night and rolled under the bed . 
So a friend calls me and tells me that my voice didn't sound like me . Does that mean that wasn't my voice I picked up from under my bed ? Now , that's just creepy . If not mine , then whose voice was it ?? 
The Jaguars creamed the Titans yesterday !! Way to go Jags !!! Whoo Whoo !! 
and her hubby are back home from heading to the Jaguars game in Washington this weekend because hubby got deathly ill . Please pray for him . 
and her hubby are heading back to Seattle to see the Jaguars play the Seahawks since he is feeling much better this morning . Thanks to everyone for your prayers !! 
Seahawks 41 ; Jaguars 0 . < sigh > Well , < PROPFIRST > and I made it to the game .... it's a pity the Jaguars never showed up . :-( 
The Jaguars won !!! .... barely .... in overtime .... against a team that has now lost 16 straight games . But HEY , we'll take it !! 
is doing water aerobics every Wednesday with < PROPFEMALE > again ! It's such a wonderful stress reliever . My muscles haven't felt this good in a while . Can't wait until next Wednesday ! 
only needs about 170 more hits on her personal website to reach a milestone of 10,000 !!! If all her facebook friends would hit her site at least once , that would do it ! :-) Please visit http://www.thebarnyardhome.com . Be sure to sign the guestbook ! Thanks !! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are having a costume party this Saturday on YoVille ! It's a virtual game here on Facebook ( love , love , LOVE this game ) . There'll be music , entertainment , games and we'll be giving away YoPrizes . So if you've got nothing better to do on Halloween night at 9pm PST , come join us for the fun . :-) 
is working on < PROPMALE > homework . Just finished watercolor ... now on to Color Theory . 
is so happy her personal website has reached a milestone of 10,000 hits !!! Yay !! Thanks to everyone who visited . :-) 
is sick ... and on antibiotics ... again .... < sigh > . Please pray for me . 
is sad because the doctor ordered her to stay away from children . That means no < PROPMALE > school for < PROPFEMALE > this week . :*( 
is working on her next Lucy-Goosey cartoon strip . 
MSOA Calendar fundraiser begins this week ! If you'd like to help our school by ordering a calendar for only $10 , just let me know ! Profits will go towards our computer lab to buy ( very much needed ) monitors and computer software . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Colossians 3:17 Whatever you do in word or deed , do all in the name of the Lord Jesus , giving thanks through Him to God the Father . 
is finalizing the course schedule for Masters School of < PROPMALE>'s Spring 2010 term . 
.... um ..... BRRRRRR !!! 
So my cat gets ahold of the cat nip and a roll of toilet paper last night ....... need I say more ? 
is looking forward to the MSOA staff Christmas party today ! PARTY !!!!! 
is enjoying the evening with her husband , her dog , and sometimes even her cat . :) 
is going to try and squeeze in a little Christmas shopping today . Fa-la-la-la-la !! 
is looking forward to the Christmas Party at school tomorrow ! Gingerbread houses , games , painting , jewelry making , food , ...... oh me , oh my ! Who's with me ?!? 
Is anyone having problems viewing videos on facebook ? I just did an entire flash update , but I'm still not viewing videos . I can view them on YouTube and other websites ... just not Facebook . 
just finished her Christmas shopping and is very happy that part is over ! 
is ready to celebrate Christmas !! 
wishes everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Birthday Jesus !! 
is chillin ' at home today trying to get some cleaning done . So why am I at the computer ? 
is not surprised the Jaguars are getting creamed by the Patriots .... sad , but not suprised . :*( 
Is it true that Facebook is going to start charging $4.99 /month ??? If so .... oh well . It was fun while it lasted . :-/ 
just got home from a very scary car ride in the ice and snow ! People were slipping and sliding all over the place ... oh , and slamming into other cars . Thankfully we didn't hit anyone ! Thank you Uncle < PROPMALE > for coming to our rescue and getting us home safely . Sliding down sideways at the top of a < PROPMALE > hill , heading towards an interstate overpass isn't exactly my idea of a good time ! < shudder > 
can't believe there's only one more day left before another decade is over . 
is working on her Color Theory homework . 
is happy that MSOA is on the verge of breaking its biggest enrollment record ! Praise the Lord ! 
can't wait to see all the great artwork at the Exhibit in a couple of weeks ! My favorite part of school ! 
It's official . MSOA has its largest enrollment ever ! Whoo Hoo !!! Please keep us in your prayers . 
thinks American Idol is going to be another good one ! 
is working on paperwork . Paperwork , paperwork , paperwork . Does it ever end ??!? 
can't wait for the Exhibit on Thursday ! 
is so sorry she missed the exhibit !! :-( 
is waiting on the results of a biopsy . Won't know anything until Monday or Tuesday . Please pray for me . 
is very happy with the results of her biopsy ! Everything came out negative !!! Praise the Lord !! Thank you everyone for your prayers . :-) 
is getting excited for the new term to start ! 
enjoyed her first week of school . I love MSOA !! 
is counting < PROPMALE > Exhibit votes . Winners to be announced in February's newsletter ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
< PROPMALE > Exhibit winners to be announced soon ! 
is working on MSOA's Fall 2009 < PROPMALE > Exhibit web gallery . 
is sad YoVille is down . :( Where-oh-where is my YoVille . Oh where-oh-where could it be ?? 
For all those who haven't seen MSOA's Fall 2009 exhibit , it now up on our website : www.msoaonline.com . Click on our \Art Galleries\ " < PROPFEMALE > . Be sure to check out the beautiful artwork created by our students last term ! The talents of our teachers and students will amaze you . :) " 
is working on MSOA's Online Auction set to begin this Saturday at 12:00 AM . We have some wonderful , donated items for auction ! 
is preparing to open MSOA's online auction at midnight ! We will be adding more items as the month progresses , so be sure to check back frequently ! 
just opened MSOA's Online Auction . 
will be adding quite a few more items to the auction this weekend . 
can't believe April is almost over ! 
is happy to see MSOA's website hit a milestone of 10,000 hits ! 
will be adding even more items to MSOA's auction this weekend ! Glad to see donations continuely coming in . Thank you everyone ! 
saw a rainbow today . They're so beautiful and always remind me of God's promises . How blessed I feel to be loved by a Wonderful and Powerful Redeemer . 
is listening to 80s music . 
can't believe there's only 2 more weeks of school . Where did this term go ?? 
Two days left to place your bid at MSOA's Online Auction . There are over 140 items to choose from ! Visit http://www.msoaonline.com/onlineauction.htm before midnight this Sunday ! 
Only 2 hours left to place your bid in MSOA's Online Auction ! There are so many terrific items to choose from ... artwork , gift baskets , a < PROPFIRST > , books , homemade jewelry , collectibles , services , and even a goat ! Too many great items to mention . You have to see it to believe it ! Be sure to visit www.msoaonline.com/onlineauction before this fundraiser is going ... going .... gone . 
is listening to some blues . .... I woke up dis mornin ' ... bah dah dah dah bomp ... 
So I'm sitting here in my office at home ... typing away at my computer , competely oblivious to my surroundings . I look down to my side and there sits my neighborhood cat looking back at me . I blink a couple of times to make sure I'm really seeing what I think I'm seeing . All it says is , \Meow\ " ... as if right here in my home is where it belongs . Then my dog spots it .... " 
is looking forward to MSOA's < PROPMALE > Exhibit & Revue this Thursday ! Looks like it's going to be another amazing event ! 
had so much fun last night at the exhibit and revue ! You students are awesome . 
is on vacation . 
is spending her vacation in YoVille . 
MSOA's party is cancelled for tomorrow due to wet weather . Summer is on the way , right ? 
is happily munching away on Mr. Bees Potato Chips that just arrived in the mail all the way from West < PROPFEMALE > . Thank You Vanora !! Thank You ! Thank You ! Yummy ... < munch munch > 
got her hair cut short today and is loving it ! 
Thank you everyone for your wonderful birthday wishes ! :-) 
is looking forward to teaching Animal Drawing for the first time on Thursdays this Fall . :-) 
Please keep < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers today as she goes into surgery . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s surgery was \picture perfect\ " according to the surgeon ! Praise the Lord ! " 
is so happy < PROPFEMALE > is home and doing well . I love my best friend ! 
is working on the Spring 2010 Exhibit web gallery . There's over 200 photos being uploaded ! Coming to MSOA's website soon . :) 
is finished working on the Spring 2010 Web Gallery . Yay !! 
is getting excited for MSOA's summer camp next week ! 
is putting the final touches on the Fall schedule and will post it on our website soon ! 
is looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on Thursday !! 
I have gone to find myself . If I get back before I get back , tell me to come find me . 
Wherefore < PROPMALE > thou 60 degrees and rain ? Wherefore < PROPMALE > thou ? 
\A malfunctioning or malicious add-on has caused Internet Explorer to close this webpage . \ " - I get thrown out of Facebook about every 3 minutes with this message . This has been going on for as far back as I can remember . This is why I don't < PROPFEMALE > out on Facebook much . :( " 
is now using Mozilla Firefox and can't believe how much better it is than Internet Explorer . What a difference ! 
is off to work at the final day of her Cartooning workshop . It's so fun teaching cartooning ! I have one little 7 year old student who just siiinnnngggsss his little heart out while he's drawing his cartoons . These kids are just too cute for words ! 
is tired . 
Please keep my sister , Vanora in your prayers . She will be going in for < PROPMALE > neck and back surgery on the 9th . 
I had a dream last night about 2 fighting , gigantic transformer/robo t-t ype thingies . One was a robot dragon and the other a robot man . So the dragon yells out , in a loud , mean voice , \I'M GOING TO RIP YOUR FACE OFF !! \ " Then the robot man pulls his mechanical face off and throws it at the robot dragon . I wake up giggling . What a funny dream ! " 
If the cat's in the cradle , does that mean the baby is in the litter box ? 
spoke with her sister today . She'll be going in for her neck and back surgery on Monday morning . Thank you everyone for keeping her in your prayers ! 
Good news ! Vanora's surgery was successful . She is sleeping right now and should be home by tomorrow . I will post as soon as I know when exactly she'll be home . I'm not sure yet how she's feeling , but I'll post a report as soon as I speak with her . I've only spoken to < PROPFIRST > so far , considering she has just gotten out of surgery . Thank you again everyone for your prayers ! 
I just spoke with my sister , and she is doing really well . Very groggy and highly medicated at the moment , understandably so . She's in quite a bit of pain , so she will be resting and trying to sleep most of the day . They will be leaving for home tomorrow , so if you would like to send her a card or call her , please email me for her contact info . lisabarnes68@comcast.net 
is missing her family . 
is watching MSOA's Fall enrollment grow bigger and bigger . Just a few more and we will have topped our biggest enrollment to date ! 
Learn to laugh at yourself ! That way , no one can ever be laughing AT you , they can only be laughing WITH you . 
is diving into paperwork and going for a swim . 
just watched a Criminal Minds episode about Facebook ! < staring at her Facebook friends suspiciously > 
is looking forward to the teacher's retreat next week . :) 
wants to give a prize to the inventor of air conditioning . 
is ready for Autumn . 
is having problems with my ISP . I may not be online as much over the next couple days until it gets fixed . :( 
So I take allergy medicine because I was finding it hard to focus with all the sneezing , watery-eyes and the like . Now I can't focus because my head is all groggy from the medicine . I'm trying to figure out which way I was better off ?!?! 
Well , I think my internet is back to normal again . Got a new modem .. had to install new software .. and everything seems to be working fine . Time will tell , I suppose . 
loves her husband ... a lot . 
is wondering why her status didn't update from her last status update . 
Is anyone having problems with their profile < PROPFEMALE > updating ? Sometimes mine is updated , then other times it's showing a status from from a few days ago . Then I click off and back on and it's back to showing the newest status . But then I'll go back and half my posts are gone and the status is back to something from a few days ago . I'm getting confused . 
is feeling all weepy today . 
will be at the teacher's retreat until Sunday . 
had a great time with some really great people at the beach this weekend ! 
is excited about MSOA reaching its biggest enrollment to date .... and still getting more every day ! God is good . 
is going to the All-School picnic today . Good times ! 
is looking forward to spending time with < PROPFEMALE > Ethell and her family today . 
let the dogs out . 
is happy , and I know it , so I'm clappin ' my hands . < clap clap > 
is getting excited for school to start next week ! 
is going out to dinner with her husband and her best friend ... aka ... the mother-in-law . 
keeps watching MSOA's Fall enrollment grow larger ... and larger ... and larger ..... < doin ' the Happy Registration dance , which was inspired by my dear friend , Jeannine > 
is having anger issues today . Please pray for me . 
is not feeling so angry now . A little scripture and prayer goes a long way ! 
enjoyed going out to dinner with the family . 
knows it's peanut butter jelly tiiiiime ...... 
is getting sleepy and is sure the bed is calling her name . Oh wait , I think that's < PROPFIRST > snoring . Nevermind . :/ 
is wishing everyone a very happy and healthy Labor Day weekend ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s email account was hi-jacked . She is NOT in Spain and does not need anyone to send her money ! She will be at school for tomorrow's Orientation and for the first days of school . Please keep her in your prayers ! 
can't wait to see all the MSOA families at Orientation tomorrow ! 
Sometimes joy can be summed up in just two words .... like ...... ART SCHOOL !!!!! 
Thursday School was great today ! So many new faces and names to learn . I love MSOA ! 
is tired from a long , fulfilling day , but excited for the new term . :) 
is sensitive , but doesn't want anyone to know it . 
loves everybody ... and you're next ! 
is happy the Jaguars started off the NFL season with a win ! < doin ' the happy dance > 
likes you but can't find a button to press to prove it to Facebook . 
thinks she has the best job in the world ! 
is sick . :( 
O ' foul illness , how I implore thee to tear thyself asunder from me . I implore thee . I implore thee . ~ Lisa Barnes , poet extraordinaire 
is enjoying a hot cup of tea with a sprinkle of cinnamon . Mmmmm .. 
is looking forward to crazy hat/hair day this week at MSOA ! Kodak moments ahead !!! 
is enjoying her classes this term - both what she's taking and teaching ! Life just doesn't get any better than this . 
... alas ...... sleep eludes me . It's 3:30 am and I'm still up . Body is tired , mind is awake . What to do ... what to do ... 
is working on MSOA's 2011 Calendar . :) 
is posting her status . 
can't believe September is almost over . October here we come !! < sniffs the air > ... I smell holidays around the corner . 
would like to introduce everyone to her status . Status ... this is everyone ; everyone ... my status . 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -7 Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:16 And we have known and believed the love that God has for us . God is love , and he who abides in love abides in God , and God in him . 
wishes her nose was running money so she could blow it all on you . 
wants to share that she isn't doing anything worth sharing . 
wishes everyone a happy 10-10-10 ! :) 
Two turn-overs in the first 10 minutes of the game ! Ugh . Come on Jaguars !!! Get your act together ! 
is very mad at the Jaguars right now . :( 
is feeling better about the Jags now . Football is intense !! 
is running a fever . :( 
is happy the Jaguars won today . All 4 teams in the AFC South have the same record now ( 3-2 ) . It's going to be an interesting season . Bring on the Titans !!!! 
is very happy her laptop cord has been found ! 
is getting excited about her Color Pencil Portrait final project ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher for letting me use your beautiful face as my reference ! :) 
is working on her novel . 
is trying to decide if she's going to kill off her main character . Should I .... or shouldn't I ? These little life or death decisions are so taxing on the mind . 
is mourning the loss of her printer . And I just bought new ink cartridges a few days ago , so I'm also mourning the loss of that money ! < sigh > 
\The writer is an explorer . Every step is an advance into new land . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
is off to Thursday < PROPMALE > School . :) 
is listening to Christmas music . 
had another great week at MSOA ! 
has anyone tried out this Facebook \Group\ " thing yet ? Any opinions ? " 
is addicted to hot tea . 
thinks Facebook should have an \Awesome ! \ " button . " 
had very weird dreams last night . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > and always enjoys spending time with her . Thank you for lunch , < PROPFEMALE > ! You're the best ! :) 
Does anyone know where I can find a Year-At-A-Glance calendar to download ? I need a plain , black and white , 2011 calendar that is on one < PROPFEMALE > and in landscape format . If anyone knows where I can find a downloadable file , I would be abundtantly grateful . 
thinks her eyes are playing tricks on her . Either that , or it's the software she's working with today . Maybe it's both . 
is rooting for the Jaguars to beat the Titans !! Go Jaguars !!!!!!! 
is thinking about her next status update . 
likes peanut butter on her hamburger . 
thinks her cat is socially challenged . 
finds it funny that her cat thinks he can sing , but the poor thing just can't < PROPFEMALE > a tune . How do I break this to him ? 
is completely restructuring her novel . It just wasn't working the way I originally planned it ( over a decade ago ) . Something had to give , and unfortunately it was my entire layout that had to go . POV changes , characters dropped like a hot potato fresh out of the microwave , and re-doing the outline . Good news is .... I have a plan . 
had a great chat on the phone with her cousin < PROPFEMALE > . I love you , Cous ! 
is packing up stuff for < PROPMALE > school tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > and I generally fill the car with our supplies !! 
is glad it's Friday . 
loves her life and the people who are in it . God has truly blessed me , even though I don't deserve it . His love overwhelms me . 
Life's Little Instruction Book #314 : \Never underestimate the power of forgiveness . \"" 
is celebrating her puppy's 8th birthday today . Happy birthday , Patches !! 
Rainy days and Mondays don't get me down , because it's another day the Lord has made . I will rejoice and be glad in it ! 
Rainy days and Tuesdays don't get me down either . I will sing in the rain . Yes indeedy ! 
is reading her first Manga book and is very confused .... not as confused as when she first started though and realized she was reading it wrong ! 
\I was hiding under your porch because I love you . \ " ~ Dug " 
Aww ..... Art School . The thing that happy memories are made of . 
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the < PROPFEMALE > ? It has great food but no atmosphere . 
is enjoying another bowl of homemade vegetable & beef soup ! Yum ! 
Life's Little Instruction Book #43 - \Never give up on anybody . Miracles happen every day . \"" 
is excited that her personal website is about to hit another milestone . Just a few more for 15,000 hits !! Thank you to everyone who visits or has visited my site . :) 
Bathing the dog ..... the sport of champions . 
Lets\ 
see how creative my FACEBOOK friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that \ 
describes me using the THIRD LETTER of your FIRST Name . It can only be 1\ 
word . Than copy and paste this to your wall , so I can leave a word \ 
about you . 
Sometimes I think life is like a blank canvas . You step back , take a look and realize the possibilities are endless . 
is SO happy her new printer/scanner/copier is all hooked up and working great ! 
thinks \prayer\ " should be added to all instruction manuals . \ " Step 1 : Pray \"..." 
Sometimes I feel like a Twinkie in a Ding < PROPFIRST > world . 
I've been thinking about doing Sit Down comedy . I thought about Stand Up , but realized I'm too lazy . 
God bless our Veterans ! 
Happy Friday everyone ! :) 
is looking forward to watching the Jaguars feast on some Texans tomorrow . 
Well , it's a shame the Jaguars field goal kicker decided to play for the Texans today . 
That has got to be one of the oddest football endings I've seen ! .... but I'll take it !!! Way to go Jaguars !!! Woooo Hooooooo !!!!!!!! 
Monday . What's in a name ? That which we call another day of the week by any other name would smell as sweet ..... because it is one step closer to Friday . Ah yes ; Monday . What a lovely name . 
is feeling slightly beneath the weather today . 
[ Recent conversation with Husband ] Fred : \I don't know\ " .... Lisa : \ " What don't you know ? \ " .... Fred : \ " I don't know\ " ...... Lisa : \ " So you don't know what you don't know ? \ " ..... Fred : \ " Um .... I don't know . \"" 
is looking forward to our Thanksgiving party this week at school . Thank you Lord for MSOA ! 
Did you know that Facebook must have existed in the Old Testament ? In < PROPFIRST > 5 , it says God wrote on Belshazzar's wall . 
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic who had insomnia ? He laid awake nights wondering if there is a Dog . 
might see some snow in a few days ! Woo Hoo !! Weatherbug says it's dropping to 500 feet on Sunday and may snow through Monday . 
I am crucified with Christ : nevertheless I live ; \ 
yet not I , but Christ liveth in me : and the life which I now live in the\ 
flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God , who loved me , and gave \ 
himself for me . Galatians 2:20 ( KJV ) 
likes love . 
is so happy to have 3 more rough drafts done for Lucy-Goosey's next Cartoon Strip series ! I'm struggling with the 4th one , but am determined to make it work !! 
Jaguars beat the Browns ! WTG Jaguars !! We're now 6-4 .... yeah , baby ! 
Go Jaguars !!! #1 in their division now ! Woo Hoo !!!! 
is enjoying the aroma of homemade chili wafting through the house . Mmmmmm . 
Snow is on the ground ! Nice . 
Please keep < PROPFIRST>'s job in your prayers everyone . They haven't been working him much over the last couple of weeks and it doesn't look like much anytime soon either . 
is enjoying the cold weather !!... inside ... drinking hot tea ... with the heater on . 
is up in the middle of the night .... hmmmm .... where is everybody ?? 
created nine cartoon strips in less than a week ! Phew ! I just love that inspiration when it hits . What is it about November that seems to inspire me most to do cartoon strips ? I wonder if the anticipation of food has anything to do with it ? Hmmm . Nah . That can't be it . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! I'm so thankful for all the wonderful people God has put in my life . I love each and every one of you ! What are you thankful for this year ? 
met a goose named \Lucy Goosey\ " today . " 
is getting a new roof put on today and the dog is NOT pleased ! She wants to eat the roof monster oh-so-very-badly . 
is working on lots of < PROPMALE > projects ! I love my life . 
is enjoying the peace and quiet . After 9 hours of banging , scraping , thumping , pounding , drilling , and growling ( my dog , not the roofers ) .... finally peace ...... 
Thank you roofers for knocking my satellite dish off my roof and leaving it hanging off the side of the house as you decide to take a day off !!!! Grrrrrr ..... 
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas . 
is getting excited for school to start again tomorrow . I'm looking forward to seeing all the kiddos ! 
is happy her satellite dish is finally going to be hooked back up tomorrow . 
So we get our satellite dish all hooked up and roaring to go .... then our TV dies . < slapping forehead > Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for loaning us your spare !! 
I discovered today , I'm not really that impressed with impressionism . 
So the Oregon Ducks and Beavers are playing in a \civil war\ " today ( football ) .... and all I can think about is turning it into a cartoon strip . " 
is craving chicken for some reason . 
is ready to party with some really cool people today . 
I can't begin to express the love I feel for the people of MSOA . I have never met a finer group of folks . 
The joy of the LORD is your strength . Nehemiah 8:10 
is considering dabbling in impressionism to see if it will give her a better appreciation for it . 
has a very tired left brain . 
is drinking hot water because her temperature keeps dropping ... it's at 96.9 right now . Hopefully , this will get me back to normal ! Not feeling good ... not feeling good at all . :( 
Last night I dreamed I was hiding in a closet . So what was I hiding from ? ... DINOSAURS ! 
It's the most wonderful time of the year . 
It's time for the Jaguars to munch on some Raiders . The Raiders are goin ' down ! ( sorry Jeannine ... heh ... heh .... ) 
What's up with this 50 degree weather in December ?? I want snow !!! Hey ... East Coast .... got any to spare you could send this way ? 
is trying to squeeze in some < PROPMALE > in the midst of working on enrollment . I can do it ! Right brain ... left brain .... right brain ... left ..... ooooooohhhhh ....... my world is spinning .. spinning in blissful < PROPFEMALE > . 
How do you tag someone in your status ? 
Thank you SpenSer Bray for showing me how to tag someone in my status ! :) 
I'm making homemade potato soup , thanks to my dear cousin < PROPFEMALE > Smith Haught for whetting my appetite yesterday ! Oh , the smell is wonderful . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Just read an article about the origins of celebrating December 25th . I knew it wasn't rooted in Christianity , but it still saddens the heart to read just how pagan December 25th really is , specifically the way it's celebrated . :( 
is running on about 4 hours of sleep . I had one of those insomnia moments last night . At least I should sleep good tonight ! 
So I look over and out of the closet walks my cat and my dog together . I'm not sure how long they were in there or what they were doing . When I asked them , they both looked guilty and ran out of the room . 
Enjoyed playing the 12 Days of Christmas at school today ! Too funny ! :) 
is enjoying working on her artwork . I'm glad I have 2 weeks to work on it ! 
is looking forward to the Christmas party tomorrow at school . Fun , fun , fun !!! 
is enjoying Mr. Bees Potato Chips delivered by my sweet sister , < PROPFIRST > Vanora < PROPFIRST > s . It should be illegal for potato chips to taste this good . 
I'm finished with my Christmas shopping ! Joyful ... joyful ... joyful . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!!! < doin ' the festive Christmas dance > 
Had a terrific time spending Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with the family ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Barnes for opening your home and loving on us . You make Christmas special . 
Happy Birthday Jesus and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone else ! :) 
I got a cold for Christmas ! It wasn't exactly what I asked for . < sniffle > 
< Cough > < Sneeze > < Cough > < Sniffle > < Cough > < Blowing nose until it sounds like a velociraptor > < Cough > < Sneeze > < Sniffle > < Cough > < Moan > 
Well , now I know I'm contagious . < PROPFIRST > woke up sick this morning . :( 
I'm feeling much better today ! I was able to stay just ahead of this bug enough to keep him from crawling into my lungs and kicking in my bronchitis ! Ha ! Take that , you little varmint bah-hum bug !! < whipping out my mad ninja moves > 
The smell of onions and garlic cooking are wafting through the house . < taking a big sniiiifffff > Ahhhhhhh .... love that smell . 
So I jabbed a toothpick into my foot on my way through the livingroom today . Sounds like the start of a joke , but ohhhhhh .... the pain . It's no joke . 
What's up with all the dead fish and birds showing up all over the world ?? Has anyone been keeping up with this ? I'm guessing they're all not related , but seeing so many at the same time is cause for concern . 
It's snowing !!! 
\Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education . \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr " 
I'm in a cartooning frenzy trying to get this new Lucy-Goosey series done !! Aaaahhhh .... I think I may need cartoon therapy soon . 
I'm happy to announce that the toothpick I stepped on 3 weeks ago , is finally ... completely ... out of my foot ! I pulled out a shard a little while ago , and when I stepped down , I think I heard angels singing . 
is busy labeling and cataloging the artwork for MSOA's < PROPMALE > Exhibit tomorrow evening . 
It's Exhibit and Revue day !! Oh happy , happy ... joy , joy ! .. < doin ' the < PROPMALE > exhibit dance > .. I've had a glimpse at the < PROPMALE > work and I must say , it's going to be another amazing < PROPMALE > exhibit ! Great job everyone ! 
What a fantastic < PROPMALE > Exhibit and Revue last night ! I was Wowed over and over again . Such talented students . Good job everyone ! 
I'm looking very forward to the new term . It's going to be a full one ! I'm teaching Color Pencil , Color Pencil Portrait , Animal Drawing , Cartooning and Watercolor for our Spring term ! Oh boy ! Fun , fun , fun !! :) 
Office paperwork . Live it . Learn it . Love it . 
The wind is blowing something fierce outside ! 
I've discovered listening to 80s Rock while doing paperwork makes this left-brain stuff more enjoyable . Nothing like bobbing my head , screaming ' I WANT MY MTV ' while working . Oh yeah ... the benefits of working at home . 
Tired ... yet content with a fulfilling first week of school . 
I'm so excited about my current Color Pencil Portrait artwork I'm working on . I'm doing a portrait of my great nephew , < PROPFIRST > Sams III . It's my brother , < PROPFIRST>'s grandson . He is absolutely adorable , which makes for another fun CPP project . :) 
• *¨* • ?? Here We Go ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Steelers ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Here We Go ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? \ 
?????????????????????????? \ 
....... • *¨* • ?? Here We Go ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... 
I'm looking forward to watching the Superbowl with my in-laws ! I love my Mammy and Pappy . :) 
So my dog is passing wind a lot lately ... and if that isn't bad enough , she feels the need to announce vocally to the world . Everyone MUST know that she passed wind ! I told her I'd announce it on Facebook . That seemed to make her happy . 
There are so many < PROPMALE > projects I want to do , I don't know where to st < PROPMALE > . As soon as I'm finished with my current Color Pencil Portrait , I'm unsure what I want to do next ! How do I choose ? I've got a color pencil series idea in mind , but there's also a CPP of an animal I want to do , and I am eyeing an old masters to recreate in color pencil . Decisions ... decisions .... 
Ok . I've settled on what my next < PROPMALE > project is going to be , but I can't tell anyone because it's a surprise for a friend . :) 
I Corinthians 13:13 And now these three remain : faith , hope and love . But the greatest of these is love . 
Sadness . Pure sadness . I lost my portfolio this evening . I just now noticed it's missing and the stores I visited on the way home are closed . I took it out to get prints made and lost it somewhere along the way . Please pray for its safe return home to me ! :( 
Happiness . Pure happiness . My portfolio is back home safe !!! Yay ! The place I got prints made had it . Phew ! Thank you everyone for your prayers and well-wishes ! :) 
Does anyone know if you can still view friend lists on your news feed , besides all my friends at once ? I have my friends into particular friend's list and sometimes I just want to view their posts and not weed through all my friends news feeds to see it . The old layout , there was an option to click on the side , but I can't see anywhere now to be able to do this . Anyone ? 
It's such a sense of accomplishment when you can < PROPFIRST > something off your to-do list . So much emotion goes into that little check < PROPFIRST > . Oh how I love thee , check < PROPFIRST > . You are my new best friend . 
Snow . It's comin ' . That's what they say . 
Snow ! It's so fluffy !!!!! 
Even though it's officially a \snow day\ " and there are wonderful benefits that go along with that ..... I'm still going to miss Thursday School ! :( " 
I spy snowflakes ! 
Things I wonder about on snow days : Can a dog take a \cat nap\ " ? Or .... would a parrot be insulted if you called it a \ " bird brain\ " ? Just curious . " 
Sick and staying home from < PROPMALE > school today . I'm not sure what's making me feel worse .... missing < PROPMALE > school , or having the flu . :( 
Well , I'm starting to feel slightly better , but still feeling pretty sick . I'm ready for this thing to leave me now . 
Ok , I have seriously got to stop injuring myself ! If it's not one thing , it's another . A couple days ago , I jabbed a piece of leather ( yes , leather ! ) under my fingernail . Talk about pain ! Then this morning , I jab a huge , very sharp knife into my hand . ( not deep ... but enough to draw blood and now it's starting to swell ) . < sigh > Why do I keep hurting myself ?? 
I think I got up on the wrong side of the bed today , which is kind of funny when you consider the other side of the bed is up against a wall . 
I've been munching on so many carrot sticks today , I'm starting to feel a little harey . 
I hear thunder ! 
Your life is your garden , your thoughts are your seeds . If your life isn't awesome , you've been watering the weeds . 
Please keep < PROPFIRST > in your prayers . He lost his job today . :( 
