the end of the novel , american psycho , is much more depressing than i thought it would be , yet so utterly appropriate . < PROPMALE > easton < PROPFIRST > is , so far , my favorite writer . note to self : must read his other books . 

feels so awkward and frustrated and has a headache 
< PROPFIRST > SCOTTSDALE 
thanksgiving became a day of candles , music , literature , personal insight , and retrospective . 
i'm going to land on the < PROPFEMALE > , and then im going to make some pokemon < PROPMALE > and cheese . 
got accepted into CSUN ! 
Avatar in imax 3d is by far my vote for best movie experience of all time . 
if the walls had ears , would they really care about what your saying ? 
chocolate sounds good 
what's up with all these people bitching about how this year turned out ? stfu and drink !!! 
fuck sleep at this point ! 
This strawberry tastes like an illusion . 
great first day at school ! showed up late to speech and had to stand almost the entire class , and then in acting my belly was rumbling loud as hell , like a bitch , and shortly after had a nose bleed in class ! yay for crowded parking lots , small classrooms , empty bellies , and disfunctional - and probably cynical and suicidal - noses ! :D 
What's on my mind ? too many things ... 
for some odd reason i am excited for tomorrow . 
listening to really sad , dark jazz makes me want to sit in a dark , dimly lit room and drink red wine . 
so , right when the target crew gets off work at around 11 p.m. the first thing me and my < PROPMALE > zach do is pump up the bass in my car stereo playin that freshy-fresh lil < PROPMALE > , and we bust out a dance sesh in the middle of the parking lot , and some women come up from that flat fuckin trader joes and be all lookin at us like we crazy or somethin . i mean , shit , tell ' em keep my name out dey mouth if they dont know me ! 
it might just be me , but why are a lot of people putting up pictures of actors and actresses on their profile pictures that look similar to themselves ? is this a new facebook fad ? if so , let me know , so i can join in on the fun ! :D 
i see dead people ... and a dui occuring sometime in my future . 
every single night i have a dream that i am smashing them all 
i just realized that life is pretty lame most of the time . 
im beginning to think , after analyzing myself , that intelligent people who spend all their time reading and writing and studying and doing other similar indoor activities do so partly because they enjoy it , and partly because they cant get any 
wet , cold shopping carts are the sons of satan ! 
HOLY RESPONSIBLE WORKPLACE WOMAN PROSTITUE , BATMAN ! waaaaay too much homework ... 
Even the darkness must pass . A new day will come . And when the sun shines , it will shine out the clearer . 
Was accepted into the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society . 
Going back in time tonight . Destination : 1966 . 
i am drunk , home alone , still drinking , a drink in my hand , talking to you drunk , porn on tv , all the lights are on , and im drunk . 
* status update that has nothing to do with what has just happened to me , or what is on my mind , or what i look forward to or hope for * 
i need to stop thinking so much and just start doing . fuck consequences . if the wrong outcome occurs , then so be it . 
sooooo zach's great team hero picture is the best great team hero pic i have ever seen in all my three years there . congrats zach ! 
i had a dream last night that the world was being invaded by super-intelligent , technologically advanced cybernetic toucans . 
what i have learned today : pussy jokes dont really work during a speech . 
i saw shutter island last night . it is now one of my all-time favorite movies . i could talk about that movie for hours . 
another dream ! the world was full of the light of sunset and there were flowers of all different colors around and there were houses full of gangbangers throwing parties , giving out complimentary sacks of weed , where i snatched a bag and left immediately and walked around picking flowers , rubbing and scratching the petals to discover that they had been painted , to find the same exact color underneath ... 
fuckin good day so far :] 
i have to say , drake has got to be the new < PROPFIRST > white ... if you catch my drift . 
lifted , movie , food , huge two hour conversation with the home boys , great laughs : great night :] 
back from the trip , it was a total tripp 
first day back in school and hating it :( 
great day so far ! im thinking the new songs i downloaded will keep that goodness going later when im pushing some plastics :] 
my girl has got me addicted to playing the acoustic guitar for her and i like :] 
when me n < PROPFIRST > get together , some crazy shit happens . last night he stole a few traffic cones from the jewish college and i ran over the box they were in with my car . weird lights and unlocked doors ... 
ready to party it the fuck up tonight ! 
the weekend was intense . hiked a total of 20 < PROPMALE > . good times , sore feet ... but this week will be just as intense , but in a very different way ;] 
so today is ... yeahh :) and I am soo ... yeahh ;) 
if it's mind over matter then it doesn't matter if you don't mind ;) 
Bella : What a stupid lamb . Edward : What a sick masochistic lion . Pirate : ARG ! 
i dont have anything to say , really ... 
it's just like money : it's green ... it's soft ... it's pretty ... it makes you feel good when you have a lot ... makes you feel good when you smoke it 
today is all work :/ 
damn , i didn't know it was < PROPFEMALE > Wars day ! May the 4th be with you ! hahahahaha thats genius ! 
live for today , dream of tomorrow . 
why is it that i am perfectly content with staring at the wall for hours and hours ? 
\We read to know we are not alone . \ " -- C.S. < PROPFIRST > " 
i need you so much closer . so come onnnnnnnn . come onnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn :] 
I can't stop staring at this dogs wiener . its so big ! 
had an amazing time in tahoe with jessica <3 and the fam and < PROPFIRST > . shit was cold , it was a dreamsicle :D 
im hungry , im gonna go eat something . maybe cereal . twitter status right here . 
its like < PROPFEMALE > harbor in my mouth right now 
fresher than a pillow with a mint on it 
sick and shit . 
girlfriend is asleep and im wide awake ... what should i do about this ? 
today is a saturday that could be well used , but unfortunately i am out of commission . thank you tonsillitis . and i hate that word , it feels like ive been using that word as a consistant synonym of \complain\ " . just ignore me haha " 
its fucking hot :/ 
just finished painting my room . pretty much black walls . its pretty tight haha 
everyone is eating the apple over and over again and they say they regret it but they keep taking bites because it tastes so good . 
if u blood throw it up 
my whole life i have needed someone to give me a kick in the ass . but im going to start kicking my own fucking ass :] 
cookies and beer mothafuckaaa 
just got my check yesterday , and its pretty much gone already . the life of a poor man is rough indeed . but im gonna spend the rest of it on a night for me and my lady :] 
3 months with Jessica <3 
nothing can try and wedge its way in between two rocks that are so close they might as well be one . 
Had a great time in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > afterwards . Awesome day in general ! :D 
Going to work is always so hard cuz I have to leave my girl ! :( 
not necessarily stoned , but ... beautiful . 
sometimes i feel like a cat-lady :/ 
no one has ever inspired me to write more than < PROPFEMALE > . thank you , love , for making me feel more productive ! :D 
Drakes flows are getting better but his lines are getting worse . And < PROPMALE > is still killing it 
4th of july weekend was nice . spent it all in hemet and met and stayed with < PROPFEMALE>'s family . what very nice people ! had a great time with the best girl ever ! <3 
stickin to the script like lint on denim 
Someone text me later and remind me to get deodorant ! 
I'm the party < PROPFEMALE > 
full day hiking 
awesome day yesterday ! lets see if today can top that ... uh , no . got work :/ 
damn , my girlfriend is fucking hot . monday . DAY OFF ! wooooooo ! 
really glad i didnt see it all 
old people lag balls when dropping a D 
partying in Vegas pre game for my 21st . drinking with the family and friends . wish everyone was heree mothafuckaaa ! 
it might be a little late , but thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! 
going to the gym for the first time in like ... forever ? 
4 months strong ! kicking ass and taking names , whatever that means ! :D 
soooooo fucking tired . but that wont stop me from playing my geetar ! 
I wanna be a ups driver just so I can wear their awesome socks 
reading is a terrible thing to do when you want to take your mind off of things . cuz then you realize that all youre reading about is whats on the characters minds which reminds you that you have things on your mind too . jeez 
go to the gym or watch a movie with a beer in my hand ? 
using musical theory I have created order out of chaos 
Weights down so that you can move forward . 
what's the cat gotta do with anything ? 
now i understand why i would rather read than watch tv .... theres just nothing on at all ! and im hungry and poor , someone feed me :[ 
fucking drunk 
Pur to the r-r-rrrrrr . I don't know if that's lame or not but I sure as hell thought it was pretty clever : • 
same ol ' shyut , dyffrnt dyah 
thought i couldnt love her more than i already did . i was proved wrong . and i have a feeling that im gonna be proved wrong more and more every day . i love you , jessica <3 
off work until monday ! 
going to Vegas ! 
back from an amazing trip ! phone is broken so im gonna try and get that straightened out today . AND im anticipating some shit going down at work today sooooo yeah fun times 
i start school at csun tomorrow but all i can think about is how much i love you , < PROPFEMALE > 
started my classes for csun today - kicked ass ; went to work today - kicked ass ; gonna have a beer cuz im done today - kick ass . 
... When the problems I'd left with couches in alleys , where no one would ever claim . And the hardest part was sifting through the pieces of the rain-soaked and rotten remains when i got home . 
< PROPFIRST > daniels if left out in a glass overnight turns into some ugly looking thing in the morning 
if you dont like me then you must hate money ;] goin bladin ! 
last week i had the strangest dream . where everything was exactly how it seemed . 
if i could open my mouth wide enough for a marching band to march out , they would make your name sing and bend through alleys and bounce off all the buildings ... and that name is < PROPFEMALE > , and i dont want it to just linger in the city , but fly over the whole world . 
chumash last night . failed . 
It's crazy looking back at old videos of yourself and seeing how much you've changed , and yet there are still little bits of the old you that have never changed . And probably never will :) 
work . fuck . 
just another day 
gotta keep busy , gotta keep my mind focused and busy . only problem is i cant stop thinking of you . 
some people just need to start having faith in the ones they love and respect for the ones that love them and stop being dirty fucking whores 
apparently I'm a tasty fruit . so says < PROPFIRST > and myself :) 
and now is when the trees start to die . muahahahaha 
damn , spice spices up your dreams ! 
had a decent session at moorpark 
Damn , I'm just fucking owning these fucking flash cards right now . 
am i the only one that has this pain , a fear that my feelings for you can freeze and numb with your coldness . when will the spring return . 
all I have to say is :) 
just finished my test but pissed that i still have lecture after ! >:( 
chumash round 2 
chumash round 2 result : KO :( 
work and then mayyyyyybe octoberfest 
never thought I'd go to horror nights again . this time I'm bringin absolut 
it was like a breath of fresh air 
fuck its cold outside ! 
im on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine aint always gonna be gold . ill be fine once i get it , ill be good . 
can't wait to vote in november ! yes on prop 19 mother fuckers ! 
a monday night with nothing to do and im restless . bad combination . 
succulent rub downs 
I was hovering overhead taking it in . but all the things I should have said , they were trapped forever in my skin . 
life seems to be harder and simpler when your broke 
dgaf . I feel like I should be doing more of that or something 
gettin better at what I do every day :) 
I'd be gungho about this weather if I didn't have to push carts in it later :/ 
some people are just ridiculous . then again , so am I :p 
and then my mirror speaks with a reverence like a solider i cant command . it sees a child in the body of a full grown man . 
because maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me 
< PROPFEMALE > is dead in the hands of bad luck . before it might have made some sense , but now its all fucked up . 
crazy night 
I think that its brainless to assume that making changes to your window's view will give a new perspective . 
ill take the best of your bad moods and dress them up to make a better you 
fuck , i have another day off and i dont know what to do with myself . lifes gay 
your mouth looks happy but your eyes look sad . why ? haha get him to the greek is the shit 
can't think straight 
my heart's big , but it beats quiet 
had a dream that I lost some teeth and then threw up some blood and a mechanical device 
my mentality only exists because of the mentality of others 
in waiting . someday ill know where my future lies . it isnt over . 
put some shoes on my bullets now their running your way 
crashing through the parlour doors , what was your first reaction ? screaming drunk , disorderly , ill tell you mine : you were the one . but I can't spit it out when the dates been set ... 
really wish my mind had an off switch 
the rhythms of my footsteps crossing flatlands to your door have been silenced forevermore . and the distance is quite simply much too far for me to row . it seems farther than ever before ... 
what the hell am i gonna do with myself today 
if you've got a void , fill it 
Let's have a toast to the douchebags . Let's have a toast to the assholes . 
got a jigglypuff puffin on this magic stuff ! 
had to ride my bike to work today still pretty much drunk . how the fuck am I gonna do this haha 
flippin fuckers off when they give me the look , as if im the definition of the shit when they look in the book . bitch , im so hot im burning off the pages . 
relay for life ! 
lost my < PROPFIRST > bans :'( 
you shouldn't think what you're feeling . they don't tell you what you know you should want 
I am one of those melodramatic fools . neurotic to the bone , no doubt about it ! 
fuck , limewire shut down for good :( 
I let you bum a smoke . You quit this winter past . I've tried twice before , but like this , it just will not last . 
when halloween is the last thing on your mind until the day finally arrives that's when you know the magic has died in you 
gonna be fucked up all weekend thats for sure 
so tired from last night and work . zzzzzzz and then ding ding I'm in the ring . going for a second knockout 
i wonder what today will bring ;] 
if you could see inside my head then you'd start to understand the things I value in my heart .. I can't live my life like you . 
Halloween was in general a total waste of ... idk something . But then it got better :] 
Is no vote better than an ignorant one ? Fuck it I voted anyways :) 
You're like a ghost that keeps coming back to haunt me 
I miss my < PROPFIRST > bans :( 
we're all whores , just some of us get paid 
the < PROPMALE > brothers tell me to leave the past behind me . ok , < PROPMALE > brothers ! 
< PROPFIRST > swift's a whore ??? 
last night was awesome . celebrated birthdays with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . had a beautiful date to accompany me to the second . good friends , good buzz , good night :) 
I'm so horny ! kiss my hand ! :D 
success is getting what you want . happiness is wanting what you get . -- < PROPFIRST > carnegie 
why do I have a facebook ? I never post anything and hardly ever read anything that you all post . no offense , just sayin 
choices in life are scary because of the fear of the unknown and the fear of failure . face the fear with an open heart , because every choice leads to the same end . 
I called her a bitch right in front of her tits 
for some reason i feel like saying this . to all the people in my life : thank you for being in my life . without you all , i wouldnt be who i was yesterday , who i am today , and who i will be for the rest of my life . AND HEARTS ;) 
PAYDAY 
chicken and wine ! 
target is so busy ! :( 
I'm so bored . someone save me with their party 
its such a nice day and im not even outside enjoying it . this needs to change ! 
now , don't get me wrong , I love weed . I love it . but not as much as I love pussy ;) 
there's not even seatbelts in the backyard - camacho 
what ghosts exist behind these attic walls ? there's got to be a simpler explanation ; cuz I skrimped and I saved just to find that they've been splicing my inventions ! :( 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
black friday is finally over ! time to make up for that shit with some alcoholic beverages . I'm goin in . 
fuuuuck 
R.I.P. to the guy you used to see . his days are over , baby , he's over . 
how is it that most of my profile pics are of me fucked up in some way ? WHATS WRONG WITH ME ?!?!?! 
wake and bake 
the more that you think the less you know what to do ... its all here for you as long as you choose to stay , as long as you don't fly away . 
selling my daxter limited edition silver psp w/charger , memory card , case , daxter game , final fantasy crisis core game and family guy freakin sweet collection for $85 . good deal for all that , let me know if you're interested . 
stayin up till i cant stay up no longer . wish my sleep was dreamless . 
there's a reason why it feels good to find puzzle pieces that fit together : cuz its nice seeing things turn out the way they were meant to 
why is it everytime I go to my theatrical performance class its always fucking CANCELLED 
I believe some songs will make you think of one person for the rest of your life 
not excited for booty shorts ... 
not looking forward to an 8 hr cashier shift :[ 
cant fucking trust anyone anymore 
#420 . for as long as ive known you , each time we get together its been like euphoria . there's just something about you . the smell of you . the taste of you . the look about you . maybe im imagining things , but every time we part , you seem to go out in flames , only to be reborn the next day like a pheonix . i swear , youll never burn out completely , because you burn forever in my heart <3 
3 . I met you not too long ago it seems , but damn , its already coming up on a year . and we barely < PROPFEMALE > for some reason .. either cuz of the distance or cuz we never plan anything or something . but that should c < PROPFEMALE > e for sure :) 
god , what have I gotten myself into with this number thing .. 97 . I don't know you too well but the few times we did < PROPFEMALE > out was great . you're funny in your own way and you're easy to get along with . you probably dislike me now which I understand . but I guess there are times when one makes friends and one makes enemies with every decision they make in life . 
< PROPFEMALE > , please don't shit in my stocking 
oh , the lonely nights 
1 final down , 1 to go ! 
death cab for cutie album coming out this coming spring ! piano-based record .. sounds incredible !! can't wait !! 
what a beautiful sunset ! 
it is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity 
on your machine i slur a plea for you to come home . but i know its too late . i should have given you a reason to stay . 
there were times I was the hero , and times I was the villain . times I was a nobody , times I was the shit . so what am I now 
telling me how you moving away and starting over girl , quit playing you just drunk , you just sayin shit .. talking to myself but I never listen , cuz man its been a while and I swear that this ones different . -- fall for your type 
the actions of people , regardless of its moral nature , are not justified or understandable unless they are done by yourself . 
fuck this rain . gtfo 
sometimes i cant escape from my room , so excuse me , ill be just a little late 
I can't see the stars anymore 
wake up to black ops . new games are addicting ! 
i think my worst fear is making a choice that i might later regret . despite what you all might say about fate or things that were meant to be , something i myself claim to believe in , theres still that lingering thought that i could have done something about it . 
damn , another full night of newcastle and video games ? yeah , probably . 
life is a bipolar bitch . and all you can do is give her a slap with your pimp hand 
fucking exhausting weekend , but amazing for sure ! time to relaxxxx 
say hello to everything you've left behind . its even more a part of your life now that you can't touch it . 
if you got problems with i then i will fix them cataracts . weez 
I'm sorry , but inception should have won best film 
people are fucking retarded . coming up with philosophies they dont follow , bashing others for things they themselves are guilty of as well . wake the fuck up and realize you are just as bad as everyone else 
imma do my best with what i have , and stop wishing i had things that i didnt . my new years resolution . a bit late , but its something . 
fuck , its only been 6 days and my mustache is itching ! shit , how can i < PROPFEMALE > for 4 months ?! D: 
i hate my cats . and their piss :/ 
despite the clouds its such a beautiful day for some reason :) 
you will risk more , see more , gather more , process more , fashion more , consider more , love more , suffer more , imagine more and in the end know why less means more and leave what doesn't and keep what implies and create what matters . this is what is meant by \artist \"" 
the empty road beyond , a pale curve vanishing into the woods where nothing moves and a street lamp flickers on and off until at last it flickers out and darkness sweeps in like a hand - \house of leaves\ " is done !! :D " 
I believe in people like you 
ive got a pimp cup but i havent been using it 
if you don't like me then you must hate money :p 
drink your captain before your corona ! 
haha last night was tight . the cats out of the bag ! 
beautiful day means I'm gonna hike just like dat 
Hoping for a visit from my girl < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
heroes is like the best show ever . soooo fucking good 
ugh its so hot out today ! 
burn it down till the embers smoke on the ground . and start new when your heart is an empty room . 
played some basketball with my dad :) 
getting fuckin wasted tonight I don't give a fuckkkk 
Till the day I die , imma touch the sky . Imma touch the skyyy baby girrrlll ! 
Video games and beer is such a good combination 
I've made mistakes but they don't define who I am ; they just define who I won't be from now on 
friday off . gonna go hard 
< PROPFEMALE > I went too hard today and busted up my hand :/ 
woke up hungover to the neighbors house catching fire 
its just one of those sundays 
first day of school ugh 
it smells like someone skeeted all over csun .. fucking gross 
i always knew i had a good thing when i had it . i was just stupid enough to lose it 
bp tonight . gonna win a game tonight I can feel it ! 
I hate having to go to bed early so that I can actually wake up in the morning for school :/ 
let's nuke the bridge we torched two thousand times before . this time we'll blast it all to hell 
Fuckkkk worrrrkkkk 
time for a much needed nap 
I can already tell I'm gonna have a lot of homework this semester .. :( 
I feel like I just had the biggest case of munchies today 
I have to memorize all the countries of europe by wednesday .. FUCK 
Terrible day at work . I feel like shit . I need to rest up 
sanctum looks tight ! 
another step closer to the day where people who have somebody are probably gonna get laid , where people who have nobody are probably gonna be in a bad mood 
I know I own at carts but this job is just way too easy . I need a job that keeps me busy and pays me more . I wanna make bank ! 
im like the biggest facebook whore tonight , i swear ... 
who has a membership at 24 and wants to play basketball ? hit me up 
dont you love nights that feel like an adventure ? 
i have to say , jersey shore is entertaining ... 0 . o 
from playing basketball to writing a parody of an emo/hardcore song to partying it up in camarillo , I'd say today was a pretty good day 
pregame pot and bp . sounds solid 
just watch , green bay is gonna turn the steelers black and blue ;] 
green bay is kicking some ass for sure 
game over . packers game 
Mondays are especially bad when you have school and then work like immediately after :/ 
gonna be classy tonight . mixed liqueur & hookah w/ < PROPMALE > Newell . damn , i just learned how to do that :p 
homework and work today :/ how uneventful are the weekdays ... 
fuck ... school .. all i wanna do is get lifted like all day haha 
had a nice hike with a few friends and a few babies :] 
life is good 
damn , I forgot how tragic , how sad frankenstein is . I'd be the monster's friend ! 
my grades in school are so baller . I'm so baller 
The human centipede is a weird ass movie ! 
Mmm beer and cereal 
Mmm velveeta never hit the spot so good 
So I have 2 essays to write , both due next week , but fuck it , tonight I wanna party , some way , somehow 
How do you check yourself into places ? 24 said if I checked in I'd get benefits ?? 
It seems like all I do is nap lately . Not necessarily complaining tho . I <3 sleep 
If you wanted bullshit then I'm like ole ;) 
I need a better job . and a fat sleeping pill 
\What is love but something like insanity ? Cuz I'm crazy enough to do anything for you \"" 
insomniaaaa 
pikachu ringtone helllll yeaaaaaaaah 
My night is gonna consist of writing an essay I'm really not looking forward to writing , while drinking beer and coffee just to make it interesting . Imma be up all night !?!?! 
if i was alive when < PROPFEMALE > dickinson was alive , and i met her , id probably slap that crazy bitch . but i still love her poetry ;] 
just finished my essay , after distracting myself throughout with a documentary on weed and idk how many glasses of rum & coke ... and i think imma stay up the rest of the night . fuck it 
I hate how the rain makes terrible drivers even more dangerous >:( 
im gonna be higher than the mothafuckin alps my nigga . so what else is new ? 
i think sundays are usually gay cuz they come right before monday , and monday is DEFINITELY gay 
This minute is the beginning of the rest of your life 
If you wanna spit shit , do it in a bucket . If you wanna hate bitch , ill show you where to suck it :) 
I've watched like all the good movies on netflix .. What now ?? 
Sometimes I love being at work . The target crew is like a second family to me 
if you've got a problem , fix it . if you dont know you have a problem , you've got a big problem . 
Children's hospital is a pretty funny show actually haha 
i wanna play bpppppppppppp 
never forget to take off your shoes 
Life is like a tide that rises and falls 
New moto for life : man up 
Hiked about 26 < PROPMALE > this weekend . SO fucking tired ! 
ancient aliens hell yeah 
I miss the old lady gaga . back when she was cute and sexy :/ 
i hate days when youre stuck at home doing homework and yet you feel like youre just wasting your time :/ 
the only green ill be wearing today is the bit of kush on my fingers 
ugh 
Soooo fucking bored . Work is lame I just wanna drink with my homeskiis 
Fuck this weather it can smd 
I hate being confused 
If only the rain could cleanse more than the street and the soil , but what of my heart and my soul 
Holy shit , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the next pirates ?! IM SO DOWN 
Clubbing hollywood tonight bitches ! 
Ok , fuck the guy who got into my car last night and stole my ipod and my stereo deck . I would have killed that bitch if I found him 
happy birthday to you . happy birthday to you . you're gonna get super faded . and you've got first greens too ! ;) happy bday z 
I've gotta step up my game in school . Can't be pussyfooting anymore ! >:) 
such a big fan of pleasant surprises :] 
Homework ? Or beer and family guy ? Hmmmm 
Isolation hardly ever breeds change . Get out and let the world change you 
It sucks driving around with no music :/ so boring ! 
Two words : fuck school 
you gotta work with what you got :) 
Beer pong , hit me up ! 
Trying to hustle through work . So hard after this weekend ! SPENT 
being sick sucks :[ 
the < PROPFEMALE > is smiling at us :o 
the french lieutenant's woman DONE ! now I think ill move on to the time machine by h.g. wells 
Gonna be an interesting night 
finally have an ipod again ! hallelujia or however its spelled dont spell check me bitches 
Vegas . In 4 days . Its gonna be my mission to get involved with the cops for something or other 
When it comes to making money I'm a printing press .. Not ! :/ 
Come on guys I need a challenge on words w/ friends . Get at me .. SCbaby_69 
ohhh shiiiiiit vegas tomorrow ! 
night one of vegas got me fucked up .. now for some recovery time at diablo's with margaritas 
fuck vegas traffic ! 
Going back to an amazingly dull school/work schedule sucks after an amazingly awesome weekend 
Big < PROPFIRST > is a faggot and he ruined my name . Fuck you lil < PROPMALE > if you take him into young money 
wants to go to vegas again . LIKE NOW haha 
I think its about that time . To start recording 
facebook makes school really hard when youve got both on the computer 
hit #1 out of .. idk 1k ? haha 420 holla at ya boi ! 
Today is like the day after a big festival , boring and terribly normal -__- 
Mm how I love that new car smell 
blahh ive got such a terrible memory ! -___- 
Haters gonna hate 
happy easter to everyone that cares about easter ! if you don't well that's cool just ignore the first part and just have a wonderful day ! and then suck my < PROPMALE > :) haha nah just kidding but nah seriously ;) but nah :p 
Life is a bitch and death is her sister . For sure 
If you wanna spit shit do it in a bucket . If you wanna hate bitch ill show you where to suck it . 
Balance is all good and stuff but extremes just make life worth living 
alright sunday , you're gonna bring it hard , and imma bring it even harder ! and when im done , days like you can gtfo 
i like my coffee like i like my men .... black ;] 
