looking forward to our riverfront view of fireworks tomorrow night . We got a room at the Marriott . 

Going to Kentucky this weekend !! whoohooo ! 
I really need to put a pic on here ! 
Wishing Big Brother was on tonight .... I'm addicted ! 
One more day till the weekend ... woohoo !! 
Upset that Big Brother wasn't on tonight because of football :( I don't know how I will make it .... and like when will it be on now ???? 
Wishing the weekend was here already ........ 
These games are so addictive ....... at least for me . I need to get a life . 
Glad it is the weekend !!! Even though I probably won't do much but play these silly games . 
My brother just got married in Vegas !!! 
Happy it is the weekend !!! 
The sinale of Big Brother is on tonight , woo hoo !! I want < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > to win ! NOT NATALIE .... preferably < PROPFIRST > . 
Just watched the remake of \The Last House on the Left\ " .... thought it was better than the first but just as disturbing . " 
Watching Dancing with the Stars and flipping to Intervention ( love this show-I know it's mean , but sometimes the show is hilarious-has nayone seen the episode with the girl who sucks computer duster out of the can ? ) 
I find so many people of Facebook that I wish I had taken more time to get to know in high school and just appreciate that they accept me as a friend now . It's weird how age will make you see things differently and appreciate people more . I wish I was wiser when I was younger . 
It's my two year wedding anniversary today ! We made it two whole years so far , woo hoo !!! 
Looking into getting a new cell phone ..... thinking about a blackberry , iphone .... I can get a tmobile 3G for 149 bucks ... does anyone have any advice ? recommendations ? I haven't done a lot of research on it yet but really need something that I can access Facebook at all times !! 
Anyone doing anything fun for Halloween ? This use to be one of my favorite holidays but just haven't had the time to properly celebrate the past few years . Anyone still go to the Oregon ? Someone should have a big costume party ..... just puttin it out there ... 
Also been up this evening with my new My Touch 3G ... it's not working right ... I'm going to bed now ... good thing I have 14 days to switch phones or get a new one ... the battery is dead but i didn't use it !! And i'm clueless with this phone ... UGHHHH !! going to bed !! 
I guess my phone is working correctly , apparently , it was just the user causing problems . There is a lot to learn with this phone . I'll have to spend a week studying the < PROPMALE > for it . I'm getting old . 
Gotta go to bed .... everyone have a good day tomorrow . Talk to you tomorrow evening :) 
Can someone send me night vision goggles and an untraceable cell phone in Mafia Wars ? I need them to do some jobs . Otherwise , baking lasagna and watching season 4 of Curb your Enthusiam ! I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Going to bed , everyone have a great week ! Muah ! 
Watching Dancing with the Stars . < PROPFIRST > Osborne just danced ... and it was awesome cause OZZY was in the audience !! How cool is that ?!?!? 
Can anyone play facebook games from their phones ? IF so , what kind of phones do you have ? I have a MyTouch 3G and they said I could play games from it but I can't!! 
Does anyone know anything about Android ? 
Ultimately , I returned my My Touch to Tmobile today and they told me that you can't play FB games on any of the phones because they aren't Flash player ready yet . Is Tmobile lying to me ? Now I'm using my old phone that does nothing but be a phone . Woe is me . 
I hat ethe way they have redone Facebook ..... Very Annoying !!!!! ARRGGHHH ! 
Have a Happy Halloween Everyone !! 
Just finished passing out < PROPFEMALE > to the trick or treaters , very disappointing-was hoping to see at least one < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin wig but I guess that's probably more for older people . 
I need untraceable cell phones in Mafia Wars ... HELP ? 
< PROPFIRST > Swift rocks ..... even if I am an old fart ! 
Off to Bonefish Grill for dinner-YUM !! Hope everyone is having a great Saturday ! 
I was let go from my job yesterday . I was pretty devastated after six years there and have spent the past 24 hours crying myself sick but I am done with that now ! I am trying to look at this as positively as I can . Please pray for me to find a good job soon . I will enjoy the time at home for awhile . 
Getting ready to go to bed , looking forward to Thanksgiving with my family , and praying I find a good job soon !! 
Trying to stay warm .... BBBBBRRRRR ! Hope everyone is having a good week ! 
Please check out the JibJab video I posted on my wall . I forgot all about this but I think it is so funny !! 
Husband had surgery today for Carpal Tunnel on his RIGHT hand so I have to everything .... I'm Okay with that after everytihing he had to do for me after I fell down the stairs . Hopefully this will be the last surgery for awhile . He is doing well and doctor said that he should feel a lot better after this one . 
Been very depressed over my job ... but hoping it will all turn out for the bes t-t aking care of hubbys's rght arn .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! Love you all ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ryone have a Happy and Safe New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . I'm praying that 2010 is a better year for us . 
Happy New Year's to all my friends and family , love you !!! Here's hoping 2011 is a better for everyone ! 
Am I the only female on the planet that loves the Spike channel and Manswers ??? 
Watching Season 4 of < PROPMALE > and it is AWESOME ..... he is HILARIOUS !!!!!! I love this show . 
I just want to say to everyone that I'm sorry I've been out of touch and not on Facebook or keeping in touch like usual . I've been having a hard time lately and for some reason-people take it personally . I will recover and probably without needing electroshock therapy . I always bounce back .... just please some understanding in the meantime ? love you all !! 
Haven't been on Facebook in weeks !! And dangit , if they didn't change it again . I will have to learn all over again ! Hope everyone had a great < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
Just took the dogs out to potty since their Daddy is out removing snow ..... BAD idea ..... I got dragged through the snow by Tator !!! I'm ill-prepared for this weather !! don't have the right clothes , boots , etc . I can't wait till daddy is home . 
I'm trying to apply for jobs and my cat Patches will not stop biting my toes under the desk !!!!! 
A guy driving a bobcat to pick up snow in our back driveway just hit our neighbors garage door !! Thank god it wasn't ours or it would have damaged my car also . The neighbors weren't home , thank goodness !! 
I keep getting emails about coding jobs but they send me coding tests which I need coding books to take-I don't have coding books at home-hospitals supply those for you when you are a coder-very frustrating-I can't spend 300-400 dollars on coding books when I may not even get a job coding and won't need them at home if I do !! Anyone who knows someone whos codes that could help me ?????? 
I just have to say there is the BIGGEST TOOL on Dr. < PROPMALE > today ..... an ex-stripper guy ..... really the biggest TOOL . I had worse names for him but I like to keep it PG on Facebook . 
Can my Farmville friends send me stuff for my stable ? thanks !! 
3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse . Plate # 98B351 . Repost NOW ! You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew . Seriously !!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger !! 
Cleaning house-how fun is that ???? 
Is it just my computer or does anyone else have a VERY slow time putting new food on their stoves in Cafe World ? It pauses for long periods of time and is very frustrating . Any tricks I'm not aware of ? thanks ! 
< PROPFIRST > after being forewarned that it was not a good movie , we rented \The Box\ " last night and it was AWFUL !!!!! " 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY EVERYONE !!!! HAVE A WONDERFUL GREEN DAY . 
I just saw the Ting Tings on SNL-never heard them before ( I know , I'm old ) but I really , really liked them . My husband did not . 
Could one of my Country Life friends send me another Ketchup Wiz ? I accidently deleted mine !!! So frustrated with myself ! 
Movie and Popcorn time with hubby ! 
Thanks to all that sent Birthday wishes !!! Love ya ! 
Can anyone tell me what the 25 OPs are for in Country Life ? I tried to use them but they don't do anything . 
I'm sorry to fans out there , but I really can't stomach < PROPFIRST > Bieber . Maybe I'm just old :( 
I just completed my Super Stove in Cafe World and it's not there !!! 
Super Stove showed up-Whew ! These games are WAY too important to me . 
With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think , Good Grief ~ look how smart I am ~ Ladies If you agree with me ... 
Time to pick up < PROPFEMALE > ( Patches-10 yrs . old ) from the vet-he had his teeth cleaned and had to have four pulled .... poor thing ...... 
To all of my friends : COPY & PASTE : New problem found .... Hacker in door in our friends list !.... We are now listed as friends of ourselves ! You need to delete yourself from your friends list to close the door to hackers . To do this ... Go to Account , go to edit friends , there search for your name on the list and click i was there listed as a friend ! 
? ? ? ? If your MOM is your hero , your bestfriend or just the best mother ever , whether you are blessed to have your MOM still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your MOM and LOVE her dearly ? ? ? ? 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MOM !!! I LOVE YOU ! 
Getting ready to watch \Orphan\ " and \ " Staten Island\ " ..... hopefully at least one of them will be a winner . " 
Preparing for our trip to Mexico on Thursday , about 1 1/2 out side of Cancun , any tips would be appreciated !! 
My telephone ! \ 
M-m-my telephone ! \ 
Someone please make it stop in my head !! 
Sitting on the rooftop of Posada < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Sur , sipping a margerita and listening to the rain in Mexico ..... watching my brother's leg get peed on by the owners dog < PROPMALE > , lol . 
Very happy that I've still not developed Montezuma's Revenge on the third day in Mexico ... hot , humid ... but gorgeous beach .. will post pics . Food is pretty good so far ... miss our pets .. but overall .. things have went well . Love you all !! 
So glad I've reconnected to a friend from long ago ... like a sister to me ... can't wait to see her in person when I return to the states and pick up where we left off years ago . 
Went snorkeling today-great fun-but hard to get your fat butt back in the kayak once you are out .... I couldn't quit laughing !! Five minutes at the beach in Mexico equals hours at a tanning bed . Love it but can't wait to get home to my babies and routine !!! The people here are so nice and accomadating ( sp ? ) . 
Last night in Mexico :( Had a great time ... hope to get home safely tomorrow with no delays . 
Back from Mexico ! Glad to be back in air conditioning !! Loved the trip though . Where to next bro ? 
Just looked on Wonderwall to see the 19 Coolest Pop Culture Cats and that didn't include Toonces from SNL !! WTH ?? No Toonces ?!?! 
Watched Shutter Island and Legion this weekend ... Shutter Island-good but predictable ... Legion-disappointing .. reminded me of a new version of The Prophecy . 
Gloom , despair and agony on me-e ! Deep dark depression , excessive misery-y ! If it weren't for bad luck I'd have no luck at all ! Gloom , despair and agony on me-e-e ! \ " , 201 0-0 6-17 06:55:22 " 
Yes , I admit it , I'm watching Miley < PROPMALE > on TV tonight :) 
Is it weird that it bothers me to clobber the animals on FrontierVille ? Seriously , it does . 
Someone just kill me now ... I'm so sick of bad news and disappointment I could puke ..... seriously . Pray for us . 
I'm sitting here feeling desperate and I swear God just gave me a great idea and it worked-Thank you Jesus !! 
Rain , rain GO AWAY ! 
Big Brother on again tonight-Woo Hoo !! 
I just have to say that I DESPISE < PROPFEMALE > on BB !!!! I can't wait to see her go ... which unfortunately probably won't be anytime soon since everyone in the house is under her control ..... UGH !!!!!!! 
Can you all tell me what cell phones you have ?? Mine died ( thru tmobile ) and I just want a good PHONE-with maybe a camera and speaker phone ... anyone have any suggestions ??? Thanks . 
LindseyLohan who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military 
Looking forward to Big Brother tonight and would LOVE to see < PROPFEMALE > backdoored and voted off but somehow I just know that won't happen :( 
Okay , it's official .... everyone on Big Brother this season are morons !!! I'm starting to dislike < PROPMALE > even more than < PROPFEMALE > if that's possible . ARRRGGGHHH ! 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > on Big Brother is not only a fake , skanky , two faced ho .... she is also a LIAR !! And Please with the fake crying already !! She cries on every episode but miraculously-NO TEARS ...... someone send her home already .... please for my sanity . 
This season of Big Brother is almost painful to watch .... and have I mentioned lately that I can't stand < PROPFEMALE > ?!?!?! 
I can't wait for Big Brother tomorrow night !! I read on < PROPFIRST>'s blog that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are on the block .... Hallelujah !!! 
I am having all kinds of problems with Farmville . Does anyone know how you contact someone about it ? It won't let me accept my vehicle parts that were sent as a gift without asking for farmville money . Is anyone else having issues ? 
Tonight was a BEAUTIFUL night on Big Brother !!! The night I've been waiting for ...... 
Just watched a couple of Perseid meteors ... wish we could stay up late to watch them . 
Dropped two cats off this morning to be shaved . It will take a lot of love and kissing butt to get them to like me again which will take at least a week !! 
VERY Unhappy that Big Brother is not on due to golf :( 
Can someone playing Frontierville please plant some Eggplant for me tomorrow evening and let me know if you do ? I'll repay the favor ! 
Big Brother was AWESOME tonight . I love RAGAN !! 
Getting ready to go to bed but was watching \I love the 80s and 90s\ " on VH1 ... lovin the memories .... hilarious ! " 
Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a .. HANDFUL .. then post this on your status .. I DARE YOU 
Facebook is totally tickin me off ... I'm getting off here for awhile !!! 
I hope Facebook is going to cooperate this evening !! 
Okay , Facebook is not cooperating tonight .... ARRGGHHH !!! I'll try again later . 
I am so BUMMED ! I missed Big Brother tonight .... totally forgot about it and went to play trivia instead .... did I miss anything good ???? 
At age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 14 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 18 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 21 : she’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . ? Post this if you have or had the best Mom in the world .? 
Big Brother was AWESOME tonight . Ragan was excellent and < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > are finally gone .... how beautiful !!! I really would like to see Ragan or < PROPFEMALE > win although I doubt it ..... it's about time this season became interesting to watch !!! 
FARMVILLE is really tickin me off !!! What is the deal with FB lately !?!? 
Off to Culvers for lunch .... YUM .... Happy Sunday Everyone !! 
We have hummingbirds !! I saw them for the first time today . My husband put out a hummingbird feeder and we finally have two ... one gray and one bright green ... they are adorable . I love watching them !! 
does anyone want a free subscription to TV guide ? you can't already be getting it ..... let me know by sending me your name and address .... 
How do you \unhide\ " someone on FB ? " 
UGH ! I have been in bed all night with an awful headache ..... now I'm going back to bed ... hopefully will feel better tomorrow ... good night all . 
I'm trying to figure out if I was as inconsiderate as some younger people are today ( key word being SOME , to my younger friends ) when I was young ? OR do you get more considerate as you get older ? I have the rudest next door neighbors alive but maybe that's because they just see me as an crotchety old lady ?? 
Am I the only person alive that remembers the Shields and Yarnell show ?!?!? Just watched some episodes from YouTube and can't figure for the life of me why I use to like it ... maybe it's because I was only like 6 ? or 7 ? maybe 8 ? 
Off to bed with < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPMALE > , that is ) until I fall asleep ... good night to anyone who's still up !! 
Just got done watching \It's Complicated\ " .... soooo funny ... we loved it ! " 
Anyone have any ideas for a cheap trip to take ( 2-3 nights < PROPMALE > ) to celebrate our 3 yr wedding anniversary ? With me only working part time , can't afford much . Hopefully my brother will watch our dogs for us :) 
HAPPY LABOR DAY EVERYONE !!! We are having a little cookout for ourselves and then watching Clash of the Titans before Bachelor Pad ! 
Not liking the remake of Clash of the Titans .... we think the storyline blows . I also not impressed with the special effects like I thought I would be . Oh well . 
Okay .... can't believe I'm going to admit this but I actually teared up watching Big Brother .... I hate the way they treated Britney ... it wasn't funny at all . I felt so bad for her . 
Had a great evening watching the hummingbirds fight over the feeder and dodge our heads .. then saw three deer ... two fawns and a doe about 20 yds from us feeding in our little woods .... lovely evening ... now I'm up alone watching depressing movies I like to record from IFC . 
Does anyone know of a good body shop in Dayton-Cincinnati area ? Don't want cheap just a reasonable cost for a good job . I need work done so does my mom . I've been to Carls body shop ... excellent work just VERY expensive . 
Dressed up and on our way out to dinner at Bonefish Grill ... yum ! 
I'm bored . 
Going to cook a big breakfast for hubby .... he LOVES breakfast ! 
Has anyone been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in < PROPMALE > ? Where's a good place to stay when you go ? 
Has anyone been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in < PROPMALE > , Ohio ? Anyone know where to stay ? 
Has anyone been to Belterra or Argosy ? Thinking about checkin it out ... maybe instead of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
Finally , at relatively later in life , learning to like coffee !!!! I like the boost of energy I get too !! 
Watching Dancing with the Stars !!! 
Cooking Fried Pork Chops , garlic n < PROPMALE > potatoes , and corn for dinner . 
You rub the lotion on the skin or else you get the hose again 
I go from posting songs from < PROPMALE > Groban to the Fruitcake Lady , what can I say ? I'm versatile . And bored ... and on You Tube . 
Off to Belterra Casino to celebrate our 3rd anniversary !!! Dinner at < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Steakhouse . First stop a winery in < PROPFEMALE > , Indiana :) 
I like it on the dining room table ! 
Just got done watching \Splice\ " ... not bad .... better than I expected . Hope everyone is having a great weekend !!!!! " 
I'm feeling very loved ! Woke up this morning ( err afternoon ) to a freshly brewed cup of java and a sweetest day card on my nightstand . Then I found another one in my purse later .... I'm a lucky woman . It's what the cards said that made them so wonderful . 
Going to dinner ....... 
6 inches :( 
Watching Slingblade for like the 20th time but it is tragic and HILARIOUS at the same time .... LOVE IT ! 
Now I'm watching Mean Girls ... this movie is hilarious !!!!!! 
Everyone please pray for me today and this weekend ...... that I do the right thing . 
Went to dinner w/hub and saw three girls about 17 yrs old , cracking up , whispering , and just having a great time together .... reminded me of my < PROPMALE > and senior year with my buds from NHS .... 
Grilled Grouper with Chimichurri sauce , Oven Baked Potatoes with cheese & chives , w/italian salad .... and a glass of Chilled Red Franzia ( don't be jealous < PROPMALE > , my bro ) 
Does anyone know where < PROPFIRST > Heindl has disappeared too ? I would like to reconnect with her if possible ? 
Sore throat , coughing , and headache ...... going to bed so I can make it to work tomorrow . Poor me . 
I haven't had time to be on FB at all today ... I'm having withdrawals !!! Good night everybody . 
No work tomorrow .... woohoo ... I can catch up on FB ! 
describe me using the first letter of your name , put this as your status and see what you get . 
Dr < PROPMALE > is soooo good today ... part 2 of a show on yesterday . And yes , he may not officially be a doctor but he DOES have a PHD in Psychology ! That's good enough for me ....... 
Sixteen Candles ....... a Classic ! 
I know I'm a little twisted but I'm thinking I have to rent Human Centipede ........ has anyone seen it ? 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what brand name you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your past or if your family is filled with crazies ; they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking but never , question the friendship . Re-post if you have at least one true friend ; they know who they are . 
Had to hve Taco < PROPFEMALE > today and it never fails ..... I crave it but after I eat it I realize it's so disgusting !!! 
Time to watch the latest Bad Girls and then off to bed so I can actually be productive tomorrow on my day off :) Nighty night ! 
Umm ... why did I just put the milk in the cabinet ? 
Dangit , time to clean the house ...... ugh !!!!!! 
Okay , cleaned the kitchen ... now have to check facebook .... now for the upstairs bedrooms ! 
Someone please tell me I DID NOT just hear a Christmas song on the TV ! 
Day 2 of more cleaning and organizing ..... bleck . 
Decided at the last minute to head down to Booneville , KY in the morning to our family's new trailer for a night ..... going to check it out and see what it needs to make it a second home :) 
My cat , Patches is missing and we can't find him anywhere !!! He must have gotten outside somehow ....... I'm so upset . 
I found Patches last night right before I was going to go to bed . He was in the woods behind our house and when I got out there and called him , he ran right into my arms . Little booger . I have to say that he was strutting around here , quite proud of himself !!! 
Uh ..... FB is acting up on me ..... I can't have that !! 
Why is it my husband has NO concept of decorating ? A picture on the wall ? If it's not a map of the world or something useful , what's the point ? Why do I have to have a centerpiece on every flat surface in the house ? This is what I get for marrying a NERD ! But I'm still happy with my Nerd . 
Just watched the movie \Monsters\ " and it was AWFUL !!!!!!!!!!!! What a waste of money . " 
Is anyone else getting like porno spam in their inbox ? This is the first time I've gotten it but got messages twice today . 
Dang , Hell's Kitchen was good tonight ! 
I am going all out tonight for dinner ...... frozen dinners ! My husband will be so excited ;) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY !!! 
I just want to say I'm really sorry for posting a couple of things with the f word . I did not realize it was on there and I like to keep things PG on here . So I'm really sorry if I offended anyone . 
I fell again on my stairs Saturday morning and am in a lot of pain and can barely walk . Please be praying for me . Lately I can't seem to walk and talk at the same time . 
My knee is so swollen ..... it looks like I have a small ball under my skin ..... poor me . It's on the inside of my knee ... err ... inner side of knee ... medial meniscus from what I've read . I tried to wrap it but that hurt so bad I couldn't stand it . 
Knee might be a little better today ...... the stairs are still torture though . More Ibuprofen !! 
Just spent the last few hours in a car pile up on 75 south ..... everyone started sliding on ice and it was a chain reaction ... me in the middle . I'm fine , no injuries ... just a big pain in the butt ... and more damage to my already damaged newer car . Thank God , no injuries though . 
\i have to return some video tapes\ " ........ anyone know what movie that is from ? My brother < PROPMALE > would know . " 
Hubby called for work to put down salt :( I'm bored and alone with the pets ..... 
I have had it up to here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..... OMG ! What a drunkin , psycho weirdo ! 
Shopping for my husband is almost impossible !!! I just can't come up with anything else to get him for Christmas ! 
Facebook is so boring late at night !!! Been doing CEs alnight for my certifications and thought maybe someone would be up ... but no ...... nighty night everybody . 
What does everything think of the new profile ? I haven't checked it out because my cousin said it's awful and you can't change it back .... what's everyone else think ? 
Bought the kitties some cat nip balls and they are just having a great time !! It's fun to watch too ! 
After some research ... I think I have a medial collateral ligament tear of my knee . Not so bad and can usually heal on it's own , that's IF I have properly diagnosed myself ;) 
I just got my husband the best Christmas gift .... or birthday present ( it's the 22nd ) not sure when I will give it to him but he is going to be so happy :O I finally found something for him !!! 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE !!!!! This dog needs a home ! He is lovable and house trained and does tricks !!! He was left at the Apartments that I work at . He is staying with a friend of mine and her dogs are not taking to him . The vet said he is about a year old . She took him and had him groomed . Hes all clean and ready to love his new family . Anyone interested please let me know !!! \ 
I am undergoing some intense training for another job . I get 32 CEUs for it but dang , not sure I can get thru it even working only part time .... it's 40 hrs of training w/10 days to complete it .. two of days are Christmas < PROPFEMALE > & Christmas . That doesn't include your hours of study time . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone who needs a slap upside the head . Let's raise awareness 
Look at that precious doggy ..... he looks just the same except 3x bigger .... why I fell in love w/the big dope . 
Studying ? On a Saturday ? Really ? 
Has anyone seen Black Swan ? It looks really good !!! 
A Christmas Story is on !!!! Yay ! 
Some last minute Christmas shopping to do , pay some bills and then training for the rest of the day ! Off to my brother's for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL :) 
Congrats to my parents for their 44 year anniversary which was yesterday !! 
Off to the orthopedic to see what the heck is wrong with my knee ..... 
Medial collateral ligament tear , ecactly what I thought but may also have a meniscus tear .... have to get an MRI . * sigh * 
Okay , hubby doesn't have to worry about the weather and we have nothing to do for New Year's ......... maybe dinner out somewhere ? 
Just watched Inception and I just wasn't that impressed . I was bored and thought it was never going to end . 
What is with the blue strip against a black background as the new profile pic ? 
Does anyone out there know why Unemployment would send me a notice saying I have been overpaid and owe them $772 ?!?!? I've been honest with them and have no idea why this is happening . I supposedly have 45 days to pay it back which they won't get because I DON'T HAVE IT ! 
Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord !!! I don't owe unemployment ...... a mix up w/my former employer and them ! Thank God . Thank you everyone for your prayers . 
Hubby off to salt the roads ... all alone ...... bored ..... 
Hubby on his third trip to work today-once for regular work and the second time back for snow removal . I HATE WINTER . 
We just got done watching < PROPMALE > burr ( comedian ) on Comedy Central ...... one word -H I L A R I O U S ! 
Hubby out to remove snow ........ have to watch V alone :( I HATE THIS WEATHER ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson . May I offer this little tibit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for thier actions , not the means they chose to utilize ! Repost if you agree .... 
Ummm ... so what ? FB decided I HAD to use the new profile ?!?! If I wasn't so addicted , I'd tell them to kiss my heiny . 
Just got done watching Season 4 of Dexter .... AWESOME !!!! 
Hubby not feeling well and I wasn't home an hour when I started coughing and feeling bad too . Forcing down some Airborne now ..... UGH ! 
Have been trying to cough up my lungs all day long ( I'm sure my co-workers were appreciative ) and if I cough anymore , I think my head will explode !!!! 
Day 2 of being deathly ill\ 
still going to work\ 
in the snow :( 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ROCKS on American Idol !!!!!!! 
SICK , SICK , SICK ... acute bronchitis , sinusitis , and otitis media ..... MISERABLE . 
Watching American Idol in P U R E M I S E R Y ............. 
Day 4-still miserable . 
Another sleepless night of coughing and blowing my nose ... woe is me . 
Day 5-Still very sick . Hubby much better , me not so much . 
Day 6-Finally showing signs of improvement . 
Totally high from being back on FB after 4 days ( our computer crashed ) , I was having some pretty bad withdrawals :) 
Just ordered Donatos for dinner and getting ready to settle in with hubby to watch the first season of Nurse Jackie :) Should be a good night :) 
Just watched \Beaches\ " ... should have went to bed with my husband ... cause now I'm cryin ! " 
Can anyone tell me what the roads are like from Centerville into Downtown Dayton ? 
Anything anyone can post about the weather around the Dayton area tomorrow morning would be great ! Just not sure I want to < PROPMALE > it driving into work . Mostly highway though . 
Despise feeling guilty about missing work ..... 
Hey horse people : 52 thoroughbred horses in Ohio need homes before Saturday or they're dogfood . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . A friend of the deceased is trying to find homes . Call 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . 
Anyone have any recommendations for a foundation makeup that leaves your face DEWY and youthful ? 
Hubby called out again because it is now SNOWING ....... he's hardly slept at all over the past 24 hours :( 
I have to say I LOVE the Chicken bawking girl on AI .... she was HILARIOUS ! And was pretty good at singing too . 
Anyone know anyone that fix orange-yellowish hair ? I've ruined mine and can't afford another 140 bucks to have it fixed ... it's a long story but any advice would be GREATLY appreciated and I would owe anyone a big one !!!! HELP ?????? Please . 
Going to a Superbowl Party ..... Orange hair and all !!!!! 
Is orange a color of the packers or steelers ? so I know what team to root for !!!! tteeehhhee ... 
Had dinner with my family today ... with I was in reach of doing that everyday !!! 
Okay-I've tried three different foundations that claim to give you dewy , youthful skin .... NO , they don't . I could feel them on my face like a mask and they made my skin feel dry !!! I'm about to give up on makeup . AND no one will give you samples !!! 
Pan fried chicken breasts , cheesy mashed potatoes , and green beans w/bacon for dinner :) then watching the 6th season of the Sopranos ..... then maybe later after hubby goes to bed ... Human Centipede . He refuses to watch it . 
Watching American Psycho for like the tenth time-hilarious . 
I figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\ " . I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap . It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\ " . Repost if you have the same issue ... cute !!! lol " 
V 
I'm on a drug , it's called ' < PROPFIRST > Stamper'! 
Can't wait to find out who the top 10 are going to be on Idol tonight !! And to watch < PROPFIRST > Tyler :) 
Chinese hot pot w/brother and sister in law tonight !!! YUM ! 
Anyone interested in going to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > reading on March 18th in Indianapolis ? 
Hi Lord , it’s me . We are getting older and things are getting bad here . Gas prices are too high , no jobs , food and heating costs too high . I know some have taken you out of our schools , government & even Christmas , but Lord I'm asking you to come back and re-bless < PROPFEMALE > . We really need you ! Thank You Lord , I Love you . ( Repost if you agree ) 
Has had the worst headache since Monday night . Not as bad today but still going ..... is this normal for a headache ? 
Spending the evening with one of my besties tomorrow night !! Fun , fun , fun . 
Grillin out for the first time this year :) Woohoo ! 
Back from a trip to Indiana-had a GREAT time !! 
Okay , I've spent my whole evening back home watching the Jersey Shore marathon on MTV . My husband says it is rotting my brain . Thanks to my brother and sister in law for encouraging me to watch it ;) Time for bed now that it's over . 
I'm so mad-I am getting sick AGAIN . Sore throat , cough .... wth ? 
It's going to be another sleepness night ... * sigh * 
Going to be a boring weekend .... anyone got any ideas ?? 
OMG-I am so sick AGAIN . this sucks ! 
Watching the season finale of Jersey Shore ...... yes , I admit it . 
Banana 
Visiting with my brother and his wife for a few days ..... had a nice dinner-now going to enjoy Jackass 3 !!! Should be hilarious .... I hope . 
Having an awesome time w/my brother and his wife ! 
Just bought myself a sleep mate like my brothers .... hoping this will help with my horrible insomnia ! 
Can't sleep for anything ... so much on my mind . How do you stop the wheels from turning ? 
Watched Black Swan tonight ..... it was weird .... had suspense and then a huge let down . * sigh * Have been wanting to see it since the previews .... Jackass 3 , Frozen and Primal were better than that turd . 
I want to give everyone a HUGE THANK YOU for the Birthday Wishes . It made my day :) Had Bonefish Grill for my birthday dinner and one small three letter word sums it up-YUM ! 
