I'm off to nationals to try out for the < PROPMALE > olmpic gold team !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Is done with all the practices ! The first set starts tonight , so I'm going riding ! 
bored 
bored of babysitting 
hair cut . 
There is a fine line between genius and insanity ... I have erased this line 
I don't suffer from insanity . I enjoy every minute of it 
Some people are like slinkies . They seem to have no purpose , but they still bring you a smile when you push them down the stairs 
My car has been recalled . Apparently it starts on fire 
watching free < PROPMALE > 
laundry day 
woeking on an ending to one of my stories 
looking in to get another dog 
Stupid sick people !! I hate them !! 
should have gone to bed hours ago but got caught up finishing a game 
is in a swinging kind of mood 
yay off to bowl 
hates the fact that all of my friends feet are smaller than mine ! 
num .... yellow cake 
Stupid mummies all I want is one little curse instead all they do is pick fights and light themselves on fire ! 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ! 
I'm lighting candles and watching them burn !! 
Is still lighting candles and watching them burn 
Off to watch some anime 
XX72XXXXXXX6/ so close :( 
Is reading but is sure to go swining soon 
is making a list 
2 things left yay thn I can take a break 
I'm not Weird .... I'm not Strange .... ... I'm interesting ! 
off to the holliday party 
apparently if you don't pay the phone < PROPMALE > they turn off your phones 
Is so happy her DVD arived 
Just finished tearing apart my Xbox 360 and giving it some vodka to clean it 
is watching a liter of tears 
is watching a litre of tears 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > are drinking coffee . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > are drinking soda . What is < PROPFEMALE > drinking , coffee or soda ? 
There's an electric train traveling south . The wind is from the north-west . In which direction would the smoke from the train be blowing ? 
what odd number becomes even when beheaded 
why is 2 times 10 the same as 2 times 11 
What do these 3 have in common : Superman , < PROPMALE > , and The cabbage patch kids 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . A wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , but will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
627 series 
* sob * My Xbox developed the ring of death and died * sob * 
haha I found a list I made back in 8th grade of all the things I owned , and who wold get them when I died 
I currently hate facebook 
off to bowl 
is putting together a < PROPMALE > 
just got back from the park after watching the Matrix trilogy 
sounds like spring 
just got back from work 
YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
saw cop out with friends . Not bad 
went for nice long bike trip 
yay biking 
yay ! a job 
is sick 
now is sick AND angry 
is sick of being sick and had a nice short bike ride today 
If someone coments on your eyes being pretty , you will probably lose them several chapters latter . 
Welcome to the real world , prices are expensive , people are dying , and no , the coffee is not complimentary 
Picked up a 7 10 at practice today !!!!! 
I found a 4 leaf clover today !!!!!!!!! 
Eating some well deserved ice cream after a hard day of biking and misspronouncing names 
I think my dog is out to kill me 
( My dear friend Brena ) True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship ..... and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has \ 
been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
If anyone needs me call my cell , I'll be yelling at the Library 
they say you shouldn't go to bed mad 
anyone want to go to a movie ? 
2 floors done one to ago and they almost look like the original 
I was having a good dream until a phone call woke me up :( 
If anyone needs to get ahold of me the next couple of weeks starting now you'll have to calll me 
I've seen dreams that move the montains , hope that never ever ends even when the sky is falling down ... 
pathetic I got so engrossed in what I was reading that my alarm for me to wake went off before I ever went to bed 
any one want to go to a movie ? 
I want the last 2 hours of my life back ! That was horrible ! 
Brindle is wearing the white socks and duck tape suspenders of shame 
Savoy and Full < PROPFEMALE > 
just finished rewatching the entire full < PROPFEMALE > series . Off to bed 
I hate summer 
who's in the cites this weekend ? 
If anyone wants to get a hold of me you'll have to call my house number my cell phone isn't working 
A wedding ! 
Is waiting for the doctors to tell me I have skin cancer 
Treat your friends as if they will one day be your enemy , and your enemy as if he will one day be your friend 
Don't expect to live a happy life . You'll only be disappointed 
If someone comments on your eyes being pretty you will probably lose them several chapters later 
Yours Fan base is directly proportional to how angsty you are 
Afterism - ( n ) A Concise , a clever statement you don't think of until it's too late 
If aliens are looking for intelligent life , why the hell are you scared ? 
1 . you need help opening pandora's box . 2 . purple = purple ball . 3 . how you were always at camp like all summer . 4 . bull . 5 . how many times have you injured not by yourself ? 6 . Nothing you do or say surprises me and you always make me laugh . 7 . unnormal . 8 . Challenge you to post this as your status . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this as your status . 
got back from Eau < PROPFEMALE > 
Loving my new puppy 
Is takung lotd of time off of work 
we finished our christmas yesterday 
is going bowling 
had a great day ! bowling scores for today :\ 
183 , 188 , 181 for a 551\ 
162 , 188 , 241 for a 591\ 
220 , 265 , 215 for a 700 
Keara is in a timeout for the rest of the day 
off to a movie 
I feel much better now 
today I found a crack in space and time in my house . I thought the Doctor fixed that problem . What I'm I going to do now ? 
spent yesterday making valentines 
is going to have a movie marathon tomorrow 
yay flipping a car 
:( good bye little red < PROPFIRST > I'll miss you :( 
is sick of the stupid snow . It's painful 
miserable 
