Happy new year everyone ! its a new leaf lets make this year everything we hope :) 

going to new york tomorrow and staying the night ! WOOT WOOT !! 
hangover was an awesome movie !! 
bored .... thinking about going for a walk ... 
....... 
can't believe < PROPFIRST > was the killer as well ! 
thinking about a couple things .... :) 
wsich ... :/ 
i feel like very selfish person ! :( 
SOMETIMES THINGS HAPPEN TO US FOR NO REASON ... JUST PICK YOURSELF UP , DUST OFF AND LEARN FROM IT . 
i had a blast friday night and yesterday ... hopefully i can beat it today lol 
my phone is broken !! wont get a new one in like a week ! :'( 
i hate my phone lol ! can't wait for new one !! 
have my new phone now just need to switch to it ... woo 
my phone is working !!! WOOOO !!!! i need < PROPFIRST > please send them to me !!! :D 
going home this weekend 
put my bran new phone in the washer :'( why does this happen to me ! the good news is its very clean ! :'( 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :D 
hairs cut ! 
sweet beans .. -_- 
ballroom is so much fun !!! 
( enter zen like quote here ... ) =) 
not feeling so hot ... :( 
really wants to stop writing a paper and dance instead ! 
sinus infections suck !! 
homecoming :) 
WOO SMALLVILLE NEW SEASON !!!! 
paronormal activity .... AHHHH lol 
happy halloween people ! have fun !!! 
need music ! 
good job everyone tonight !!! dance performance was amazing !!! 
i miss ballet < PROPFIRST > !!! can't wait to go back !! 
i just found my old blanket that i used to < PROPFEMALE > around all the time ! i thouhgt i lost the sucker ! in such a good mood right now !!!!! i haven't seen it in over 8 years ! its so awesome !!!!! woo 
performance was awesome .... olivia hagen i love you ! 
i am so bored right now .. excited for tomorrow . 
going back to hartford in a few mins i can't wait :) 
bad day ... but its getting better i think 
http://fc01.deviantart.com/fs13/f/2007/077/2/e/Animator_vs__Animation_by_alanbecker.swf 
i got a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night ! 
heading home ... have a good break everyone !!! 
thundersnow ... thats freaking awesome !! 
gonna miss you < PROPFIRST > Cianciulli !!!!!!! 
a friend told me to never play leap frog with a unicorn ... haha 
tired ! 
wondering if a friend lied to me ! :( 
good mood ! 
in a super good mood , the day has gotten better and better !! tomorrow is going to be a blast ! 
haha < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone and to all a great day !! :) 
need me text . :) 
got a video date tonight haha :) 
land of dreams here i come ! lol 
frustrated ! 
night everyone ! 
looking at train times to go to new york ! 
2011 is year going into apocalypse ... haha happy new year ! 
If you ended 2010 single , put this as your status . If someone inboxes you a heart they want to be with you in 2011 
great mood . life works in mysterious ways ! its awesome !! :) 
has anyone seen jennifers body ? scale of 1 to 10 how scary ? 
Like a flower bending in the breeze Bend with me , sway with ease When we dance you have a way with me Stay with me , sway with me .... 
love the show < PROPMALE > !! 
Just know i'm here Whenever you need me I'll wait for you Take your time i wont go anywhere 
my twin < PROPFIRST > Dula finally has a facebook ! i miss you < PROPMALE > !!! 
happy birthday to my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Ericson !! 
watermelon is so goooooooddddd !!! 
sometimes life isn't fair ... 
i hate that when i really want to do something , some stupid compilication arises and i can't do it !!! 
had a blast tonight !!! 
homework !! 
bored !!! 
achilles is sore for some reason .. :( 
good good night learned a lot ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry under your name as a comment 
watching wickerman 
super bowl party woot woot ! 
ka-boom ... lol 
looking forward to the weekend !!! :) 
“My heart to you is given : Oh , do give yours to me ; Well lock them up together , And throw away the key . ” -- Frederick Saunders 
i hate that my phone died ! i keep looking at it to see if i have a text . lol 
thinking of you as i watch the stars . there beautiful . wish you could see them ! :) 
hey there mister grumpy giilllsss . hehe 
DUDE .... dude ... DUDE ... - crush ( finding nemo ) lol 
\Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for ... \ " - Epicurus " 
up is an amazing movie !!! it touched me 
life is like a box of chocolates you never know what your gonna get .. 
shes mighty puuurrttyy !!! 
\Sometimes you have to be away from people you love but that just makes you love them more\ " ~ the last song " 
i can't get her out of my head ... haha not that i want to .. far from it ! :) 
its a beautiful day out ! the sun is shining , wind is blowing just right and it is warm ! woo ! 
tooooooooooooooo lol 
I'll always be beside you until the very end , wiping all your tears away , being your best friend . I'll smile when you smile and feel all the pain you do , and if you cry a single tear , I promise I'll cry too . 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure , only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it as your status for an hour ? Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . 
i really don't like getting irritated !! im sorry if i have taken it out on anyone that i care about !! 
i love you !! 
don't no whats on my mind ! alot of things ! 
No dreams can compare to the reality I have with you ! 
You calm the storms , and you give me rest . You hold me in your hands , you won't let me fall . You steal my heart , and you take my breath away . Would you take me in ? Take me deeper now ? 
hate you facebook right now !!!! i feel better ! 
Somewhere theres someone who dreams of your smile and finds in your presense that life is worthwhile . So when you are lonely remember its true somebody somewhere is thinking of you . 
Missing someone isn't about how long it has been since you've seen them , but it's that exact moment you wish they were there with you . \ " , 201 0-0 4-11 03:29:36 " 
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden , a dim twilight , and a fountain singing to it . You and you alone make me feel that I am alive . Other men it is said have seen angels , but I have seen thee and thou < PROPMALE > enough . ~ George Moore 
ummm we will think of something . 
in class ... :( but just got DONE ! WOO 
got into glee watching while doing my paper ! 
Never knew I could be so happy ! A smile from the person you care about always brightens the day ! :) 
papers and some days suck . At the end of a tough day and you look at that certain someone you realize that everything you do is worth it as long as you are with them in someway . 
:'( 
it finally hit me . 
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true ! :) 
anyone want to do something to night hit me up !! 
its going to be a good night ! but right now i am really bored ! 
you know someones special when you just can't get them out of your mind , i think you know who you are 
Happy Mothers Day 
you know someones special when you just can't get them out of your mind 
with a little love , and some tenderness ... we'll walk upon the water , we'll rise above the mess . With a little peace , and some harmony ... we'll take the world together we'll take ' em by the hand 
FML ... 
STORMS WOO !!! so awesome !!! love them ! very calming !!! 
\Love is like the wind ... I can't see it but i can feel it !! \"" 
Made it four days 
If I could reach up and hold a < PROPFEMALE > for every time you've made me smile , the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand . 
The grand essentials of happiness are : something to do , something to love , and something to hope for . 
Wants to go to Michigan ! 
“Meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you I had no control over . ” 
mmmmm chocolate milk in the middle of the night is great !!! 
All we need is love .. and with that come amazing possibiltes 
Listening to music drowning out the world and planting < PROPMALE > . :) 
Thought that a chiminey sparrow was so pretty dancing around me while I mowed ... until it attacked me ! Lol 
can not wait till i am back at school ! 
I miss my friends ... Alot ! I need a pick me up or a laugh ! Can't wait to dance tomorrow !! 
it sucks being scared ! its human nature ! i can't help it ! 
Pasternak writes that in order to comprehend true light we must live in the dark .... 
Feels like the titon atlas but instead of the whole world on my shoulders .. It's mine 
To learn and to listen to that which is not spoken . :) 
so everything that could have gone wrong went wrong last night ! frustrated , confused , and sad ... this sucks ! text me ... 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me .. Like my status if u think I'm cute . Inbox me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. Put this as ur status if ur brave enough ! lol 
perfect night to < PROPFEMALE > gaze 
Like my status and i will tell you what i like about you , dislike about you , first impression and confession . ( : 
Excited for tonight . woo going out and having fun !! :) 
Be soft in your practice . Think of the method as a fine silvery stream , not a raging waterfall . Follow the stream , have faith in its course . It will go its own way , meandering here , trickling there . It will find the grooves , the cracks , the crevices . Just follow it . Never let it out of your sight . It will take you ... 
can't wait to get to hartford ... get my mind off things ! woo !! 
dance ! woo ! 
just got done cleaning my kitchen ! woo ! smells so good now ! feels good to be in hartford ! blastin tunes and just relaxing ! 
dance ! 
swimming in da pool ! text me . :) 
When you feel alone , just look at the spaces between your fingers , remember that in those spaces you can see my fingers locked with yours 
Frustrated ... 
Wanting to watch a movie tonight hopefully ! Anyone know any good movies ???? Iftou do let me know please ! :) thanks 
A little worried ! 
right now i would give anything to go on an adventure or something ... anything just to get away ! btw if anyone is iterested the the < PROPFEMALE > is incredibly beautiful ! 
frustrated , sad , so confused , fighting to even stay a float .. don't know what to think anymore .. just want to run away from everything .. :( 
Distance makes the heart and love grow stronger each and everyday !! 
Tired ! 
i finally made a decision .. and i have accepted it .. 
gone to work outside , blasting music , getting my mind off things .. text me if you want 
feeling nothing ... going to the land of dreams ! 
dance and pool 
so many questions but the biggest one is ... why ??? 
ready for hartford ! so pumped ! 
bored ... but just watch a hilarious youtube vid 
< PROPMALE > was a bullfrog ... Was a good friend of mine !! lol 
Happiness doesn't lie in the objects we gather around us . It lies within us . To find it , all we need to do is open our eyes . 
tuesday feel like forever away !! 
got my schedule and my schedule for dance ! woot woot ! so pumped to go back !! 
off to the land of dreams ! night everyone ! 
everything happens for a reason .. and those reasons make who you are . who you are is something to treasure and to be loved by yourself .. but when you hate your self you cant be happy yourself and with the life and happiness that surrounds you 
working for my neighbor ... then studying for the rest of the night ... 
rehearsal time till 1 then campus to get books text me if you want to do something .. 
bored ... while studying ... lol bad combo 
homework :( ... be back on later ... lol 
had a good birthday !!! :D thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! its made my day even better ! =D woot ! 
3 am and stil working on homework ! this sucks ... lol oh well 
Alone , we are one person . Together , we are the entire world . Your choices do make a difference . Be the change you want to see . 
paper .... :( 
laid my dog Spitfire to rest ! :'( he was an amazing dog and will be missed greatly !! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Campanelli is a goddess :) 
30 pages for dance ped then 2 papers and at least 30 pages of reading for music history .. 
music history and taking notes haha and paper 
homework sucks but has to be done ... woo beethoven 
AGH > ADLNBÅØÏ ? C ? Å ? „ ? Ï ÒEPQW\ 
' I 
homework time !! 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
homeworks sucks !!!! 
frustration about how much stuff to do with so little time ! :( 
sleep at last ! night everyone ! 
trying to figure out what piece i am in ... if you know what i am in please let me know ! :) 
3rd time in a year and a half i am choreographic offering . 
2010 is coming to an end ... Confess something you've always wanted to tell me ! INBOX ONLY (: Put this as your status & you might be surprised !! 
i want to wish my older sister Barae N Dula a HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! she is an amazing sister and person and i hope your day is awesome ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA fire alarm in < PROPMALE > Pan Duh Bear ' s dorm !!! lmao !!! 
mad ! fml fthsita 
it's not what you have or where you are in life , it's what you wish to make of it . motivate yourself instead of relying on the things are you . 
like a flower bending in the breeze , bend with me , sway with ease , \ 
when we dance you have a way with me , stay with me , make me sway ... <3 
putting another one of my dogs down tomorrow ! :'( 
put my little dog zorro to rest . he is finally at peace ! i will miss him ! :'( 
stretching ! 
searched for a movie for literally the last to days ! finally remembered the movie ! took forever !! 
one tree fine < PROPMALE > ! on live to dance ... they are absolutely incredible ! 
creepy crap happened last night ! around 3 or so 
< PROPFIRST > Dula < PROPFIRST > MacNeil and < PROPMALE > Macneil BROTHER'S WEEK !!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , tortured you when you were a kid , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and was your very best friend ... Repost !!!! 
homework homework homework woo 
