Work and Trouble ..... might as well enjoy the combination while i can get away with it ... lmao .... so neccesary 

Why front ... I got a EGO problem ... lol ... nvm its compliments my shoes . lmao ... joc me if u got to 
Wat da Fuck ?!?!.... why the hell do i gotta clean out my friends list for stalkers ?!?!?!... this shit is pissin me off .... 
Bout to call the boys and Go Ham !! lol 
Wondering what the fuck i did between last night and this morning when i woke up ..... damn this is fucked up !!!! 
OK some memory coming back .... so thats why im sick as hell . lmao .... damn wat else did i do ?? 
Damn another day ...... i need so relief to a headache . 
Damn another day ...... i need some relief to this headache . 
The Price for success ..... A < PROPFEMALE > to die for that spotlight , Drive that dont even need wheels to keep moving , A focus so hard its like tunnel vision , And the ability to blood and tears on that goal .... damn all im missing is < PROPFEMALE > anybody a lil < PROPFEMALE > to share ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > + Motivation x A bad Attitude = An Ego fit for a King ......... some say i have a problem but for me my Ego is just the beginning of the answer . 
Man this decision got me kinda nervous as hell . Immean im sure about what im doing but the reality of it is like .... oh well might as well get it done and get this year over with . 
Earlier in my bio class i was asked during group discussion my opinion on the harmful effects of diff kinds of medicine . When i asked my group member what kind he answered viagra . And i thought i was just being honest when i said \Because if I was old and i cant stay up and u give me a magic pill and tell me its effects 4 hours lata imma pop anotha pill and keep goin \ " LMFAO " 
Another day of class ..... i take notes for the 2 hr lecture part and leave my class with the knowledge that the hour break i have is being used to study for a pop test over 8 and a half pages of notes . I love being pre-med . Because it only strokes me Ego . lmao 
Another day of class ..... i take notes for the 2 hr lecture part and leave my class with the knowledge that the hour break i have before i go back to the 2 hr lab portion of class is being used to study for a pop test over 8 and a half pages of notes . I love being Pre-Med . Because it only strokes me Ego . lmao 
I aint even finna fake it . I feel like im the only one in my own corner cause its hard as hell to let anybody in that far ....... damn .... guess i just need a drink . after i cap it off i should feel better . 
Well the drink helped . But after today ... imma need another one . Damn . 
Well the drink helped . But after today ... imma need another one . Damn .... they sure dnt make coca cola like they used to ...... lmao 
Wattup ... I kno im not exactly cuddly now but damn who wouldnt want a beast ? lmao 
Well lets see .... the day started off long .... semi fustrating night .... awkward and kinda fustrating morning ..... but at least its .... damn its only wednesday ..... well at least theres always lectures .... Yay :-( 
Damn all i want is success , and immean i know if it aint the main dish that its excess and i gotta respect the feel that excess is bullshit cuz immean i dnt like bullshit and bullshit dnt like me so immean the feeling is mutual , but even though everything else is bullshit ... why the hell is it ... that the bull always reminds me that im just human instead of the Egotistial Superman i Know i am in my head ???? 
Damn always seem to get myself into some kinda trouble .... well we'll see how this one plays out . 
Im sittin here fucked up cause i know how i feel but at the same time im tryn to restore balance to an insane world and i guess my main concern is if im worthy of the love that she gives ... could say its not important but then again ... it did make facebook status .... 
Damn ... Excuse the bragging but im So Amazing ... read a book on how computer viruses work and wothout any formal training or knowledge fixed my computer .... Damn im GooD > LMAO 
OK ok i realize the rite thing to do is to apologize for my comments congratulating Kanye ... But is it better to be Politicaly correct or morally distraught ?.... Well I wnt apologize for my comment because i did mean what i said BUT i do apologize to those who were offended by what i said maybe i should have been more tactful .... naah . lol 
Pissed off at how im sitting craving attention .... im drinkin tonight fuck the excess ..... 
Im sittin here taken so many online quizzes its outrageous .... lets find some school work .... right after i finish a couple more quizzes . lol 
Earlier today I was chillin & this no named ... dude ... that i knew from school walks up to me and and asks me about my life so far i tell him and then ask about his and this dude goes on about how much dough he makes hustlin ... long story short i tell him dont knock my hustle just because my assets ( ass sits ) in the bank and all his paper sits on his ass . So its been a good day so far . lol @ieisha @kimdrayton @taaabdullah 
Damn been through enough hell so far .... might as well chill and keep the faith immean how much worse can it get ... fuck it my backs on God . lol 
Damn been through enough hell so far .... might as well chill and keep the faith immean how much worse can it get ... fuck it my Gods in my corner immean who else could keep me going thus far . lol 
\You messed up my self esteem ... Bitch it's called SELF ESTEEM ! It's the esteem of ya Mutha Fuckin Self Bitch ... How did I fuck up how YOU feel about YOU ? \ " .... LMFAO " 
Its fucked up how fucked up situations can happen in life but at least i know i haev a guaranteed 5 to have my back . God , wifey , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and mande ..... damn .... i got ya'll as soon as dis shit get better . Thanx . 
Damn what a weekend ....... but i gained and i lost .... i gained a wifey from now to the future ... but i lost my cause in one of my many decisions ..... damn learning about life should be a damn book . 
i got a wifey i got a wifey .. lol ... now to deal with the haterz 
.......... Pancakes ..... enough said . lol 
I want the money , the money and the cars , cars and the clothes i suppose .... I just want my degree so i can be succesful 
Wake up to hear the same-o same-o and as im halfway between being respecfully quiet and respectfully listening ... i start thinkin bout .. Pancakes ... Damn ... hearing my mom fuss over the phone just got a whole lot better . lmao 
< embed src = http://media.mtvnservices.com/mgid:uma:video:mtv.com:348030 type = application/x-shockwave-flash width = 300 height = 200 allowFullScreen = true allowScriptAccess = never ></ embed > 
Legitimate Men of America ... damn this is one hard as Frat to be apart of .... 
Prayer is neccessary ... 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . 
Wattup PPl thanx for all the birthday wishes . Ya'll make an old man feel young again . 
I've came to this amazing conclusion .... i have more FB friends than i actually know . Kinda interesting how someone thought of the idea of creating a website where strangers sit at their computer all day talking to other strangers .... imagine dat .. 
A FOUR CHAPT 7 < PROPFEMALE > ANAT AND PSY test ....... why do i wanna be a doctor again ... 
For some reason i have this ever growing affection for being a perfectionist .... but its crazy how when u love someone u manage to somehow change ur views on life and instead of being a realist some how want to be more of an optomist .... love does krazy things ... 
Its the people in your life that define who you are as a person ... Damn i have some good friends . 
Just got thru watchin The complete series to Boondocks ser . 1 & 2 that show can make u think ..... forget BET im watchin CNN tonight . 
Lets seee I have an Anat & Psy test tommorow at 10 , I work till close , gotta go pay a < PROPMALE > tommorow im already tired as hell and its only MONDAY !?!?!..... damn i miss being a kid . 
What do u do if you pay your phone < PROPMALE > for the month and they cut your phone off a week later ? ( A ) Sit in front of the phone company with a \blunt\ " object ( B ) Beat the owner of the stores ass with bare fist ( C ) Go in the store cuss that m*****f ***** out ( D ) Accept it as a mistake and be a bussiness man & move on " 
Sometimes as u age u begin to understand ur place in life , when this happens u understand more how to make your < PROPFIRST > . I'll admit that the journey to the end is both fearsome and humbling , but i will also add my fear of not amounting to anything scares me more so for my future ... instead of griping i guess the only option left is to push forward and smile ... :-) 
a fact of life is life is all about decisions , but with that comes opportunity and responsibility , what ive learned is its up to the individual to make the difference - wise words from my old soul , wouldnt u agree ? 
As you journey through life and face obstacle and adversary alike , it is then when the faces in your corner disipate until theres nothing but a mirror behind u , can u be strong enough to be the one to encourage urself ? 
Not to sound arrogant or anything related but any body besides me ever look at their facebook friendsand wonder why te h *** do you have all these people that you dont even remotely interact with on your friendslist ??? 
Not to sound arrogant or anything related but anybody besides me ever look through their facebook friends and wonder \why the h *** do I have all these people that I dont even remotely interact with on your friendslist ??? \"" 
Thoughts become ideas , ideas become actions , actions become habits , habits dictate your character , and your character dictates your destiny , how interesting it is that if you distrust that eventually you become what you feared . LOL . Life never ceases to amaze me . :-) 
Sucess takes prayer ... Surviving failure on the way takes faith and patience ... Never forgetting how you got there takes God . 
Hmmm , my night would be better if i could figure out a great pc game to download , any suggestions ?? 
As mindsets focus on the here and now , Is it wrong for me to continuously focus on the future ... guess thats why im gettin old 
THoughts lead to actions ... actions lead to ... 
I think its time to go ahead and deal with this problem . 
As I sit and contemplate on the current status of the world\ 
i find that i cannot ignore how blessed am i to have the opportunity to see another year . So before i begin another day's agenda\ 
Let me start it by first saying : Thank you God for granting me another year to aspire and develop on the path to becoming a better man in general and in my relationship , a better son , a better friend and a much better Christian . 
two tests in the first week of class !!!!..... The sad part is that i have to take another tuesday next week , gosh my life is fun 
Lets see had the most interesting of days and now im bored beyond belief , and to top it off i have to work a late shift for a job that sayz i get to many hours .... lovely 
Have you ever wanted success so bad that your total existence was defined by attaining an immeasurable level of success . The only question is how do i battle this unavoidable void causes by always being hungry for more . Please pray for me . 
#fQ09Vh @ My Top Profile Viewers : \ 
< PROPFIRST > Ingersoll - 2120 views \ 
Brandilyn < PROPMALE > - 1592 views \ 
< PROPFEMALE > L . < PROPMALE > - 855 views \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - 267 views \ 
Enable at @ http://j.mp/fQ09Vh - 19:20:18 
..... Bored but never complacent enough to sit while life passes me behind my eyelids , Dicovering a path to sucess with the gps of my imaginations ,... or something like that .... i guess im to tired to really express it phonetically , Yet literally bending over backwards just to made my struggle a poem , poetically speaking .... time to take my test . lata fb . 
One last abstract thought .... When you look into the eyes of those who matter you can't help but want to be more successful .... 
The love and support from those who are vested both physically and emotionally into your life's success , is the fuel which motivates me to continue to aspire and strive daily to be a better man than the man i was the day before . Just an abstract thought - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Its funny how just to be remotely successful , one almost has to completely destroy the four walls called sanity just to find a speck of hope amongst all the rest of the bs life throws at you ..... ( not in the best of moods ) .... 
Can someone help me on this .... What exactly is the point in poking someone on facebook , immean wouldnt it be easier just to send a message ??? 
Just got through spending time with my bro on his birthday . Can't wait till he's 18 . lol :-) 
Its interesting how the harder one tries to suceed and not just be another ant in the ant mound , that every step is hard won and every leap feels like you're carrying the weight of the world on your back .... wishing it was easier but doubt i could respect the end result if it was ...... jus a random thought 
