my freakin head hurts !!!!! lol i better not be getting sick 

Camping camping camping is just oh oh oh so fun dah dah dah 
lol how come i never see any of you at school ???? your like invisible or im blind 
SLeePy TimE ... 
I HATE HOMEWORK 
I have the wierdest homework , questions about a food scientist and food technician lol who gives homework like that ??? in a human physiology class ? 
sooooo tired ...... cant sleep ..... stupid shoulder 
MMMmmmm funnel cakes :) 
Cinnabon !!! so good lol havnt had it in forever and i did today after service and omg my tummy hurts ahha 
ugh so bored ... 
is hyper and yet kinda sad .. 
is really hungry 
I love this shampoo i got from a friend it smells like cookies !!!! NO JOKE lol mmmm 
Insane !!!! 
I was so bored today in my < PROPFEMALE > class that i made the worlds smallest fortune teller thingy , you know the thing you make out of paper and turn it into a game that \tells your future\ " lol it was smaller than me pinky finger lol :) yay boredom " 
Have they ever even answered tht question , What came first the chicken or the egg ??? Hmmm i still dont know 
ICK ! 
for whoever wanted this awesome recipe Apple Cake ( super good ) 4 cups peeld raw apples- chopped ; 2 cups sugar ; 2 cups flour ; 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda ; 2 teaspoons cinnamon ; 1 teaspoon salt ; 2 beaten eggs ; 3/4 cup oil ; 3/4 chopped nuts ; 2 teaspoons vanilla ; Put apples in bowl , sprinkle with all the sugar- let stand , sift flour , baking soda , salt , cinnamon . Add flour mixture to apples and mix . 
then add eggs vanilla and oil . Mix well and add nuts cook in a 13\x9\ " bakin pan in a 350 degree oven :) " 
WOOHOO i made some funnel cakes today that were amazing !! 
Ahhh ! Videogames once again are taking RJ away from me !!! Ahhhh lol hes addicted ! 
I want some cookies !! 
lol in my 1st period class today I laughed something ( i forgot what ) then i started choking on my own spit !!! I hate that and it just made me laugh and choke more lol 
lol dont you think its bad when your dad takes longer to get ready than your mom lol my dad took an hour and a half to get ready tonight for church , when my mom only took thirty minutes :) 
So i walk into my room looking for my shoes when i look down and see theyre already on my feet lol i hate when this happens 
WOOHOO ! i got to see the sexiest guy in the world yesterday !! Yes thats right igot to see rj < PROPMALE > ! :) i miss him < PROPFEMALE > much now though ... 
Omg i had peanut brittle for the first time this week and it was heavenly ! i even had a dream about it which was odd ... 
Made cream puff today in feast today the turned out SO tasty and i dont normally like cream puffs 
AHHH i hate these stupid flash cards !! 97 ! i mean come on really do we need to know all of these terms for the final , if so im screwed 
:( i want my hair to grow .... 
Ahhhh my < PROPFEMALE > is sooo swollen lol it looks like a half a tennis ball in the middle of my < PROPFEMALE > ! Stupid bucket ! 
I had that infamous dream of falling last night , although it was much better than usual cuz I was falling into a pool of pudding ! 
UGH i hate beingsick ! and is seems like im always sick but i did get to paint a picture of a tree .... random ino 
I cant sleep :( i havnt had my dose of rj tonight .... 
punk rock tried to kill the metal .... they failed .... as they were smite to the ground 
ahhh i have no makeup on and it sucks :( lol i feel nakey 
its an AMAZING DAY !! but i need coffee .... 
Where is my apple juice ??? 
I HATE ALLERGIES !!! >:| 
Why do parents have to be such a pain ....... djsflsfjahwgjgfsuia ! 
AHHHH ok who knows how many spaces are in the T chart for mr. haydock ??? i dont have the paper lol 
I hate when Mr. Haydock assigns a whole bunch of work and I procrastinate on it ..... who agrees ??? 
terrified of butterflies and of course I got attacked by one today thats why i hate the spring >:O 
Oh my goodness im addicted to bananananana nut bread now ! mmmmm I shouldn't have eaten any at annisas lol 
:((( i have noooo voice !!! lol it sounds like a black man smoker hahahah 
skadoosh !! 
Woooo Pioneering in May is going to be CRAZY !!! ive got service planned for every weekend and all throughout the week 
MOST Awesome two days with the best two chickidies in the whole world !!! Now im ready to catch up on some sleep haha 
Has to start on Haydocks report now :/ ick ick 
Black < PROPFEMALE > Kool-aid ! 
my finger hurts !!! < PROPFIRST > !!!! why did you have to drop the lid of that stupid flour bin ! 
woke up one morning ... put on my new plastic gloves .... gonna go serve some old salsbary steak with a little slice of .. love ................ HOGGies and grinders hoggies and grinders , navy beans navy beans , meatloaf sandwhich ! Sloppy joes Sloppy sloppy joes yaa 
nobody makes me bleed my own blood 
Time to pack for the convention :/ i hate staying in a hotel , unless they have an awesome shower lol then its fun , i just hate packing all of my stuff and the food for it 
ITS HOTT !!!!!! ugh i wish i had a pool or a SLIP-N-SLIDE i loved those things 
Graduation yearbook picture tomorrow :/ ugh then off to my sisters 
Home sweet home 
i hate not being able to sleep ! its so lonely nobody to talk to 
I hate missing someone so much you cant sleep ... 
I hate spiders 
Boring monday 
YAY for teavana tea ! 
Who has classes with me ?! ok heres my schedule i got 1st lunch\ 
1 . Econ/Government-Hermann\ 
2 . TA-dixon\ 
3 . Introduction to Art-Stamatis ( il probably be with a bunch of freshman :( )\ 
4 . English-Musich\ 
5 , 6 . Feast 2 
Just made the hottest salsa ever ! lol well to me it is , it made my lips all red and burn like crazy 
Almost on my way to Disneyland the not so happiest place on earth :/ at least i get to eat crab for the first time :) at < PROPFIRST>'s crab shack 
I hate when your dad is tired and grumpy as all heck and then your finally in a good mood and you go out into the living room and he yells at you for buying food and for putting the chicken behind the lettuce in the fridge ..... what an amazing day this has been ... 
this is going to be an interesting and fun senior year 
OMG my freaking stomach hurts 
DARKNESS IMPRISONING ME , ALL THAT I SEE , ABSOLUTE HORROR , I CANNOT LIVE , I CANNOT DIE , TRAPPED IN MYSELF , BODY MY HOLDING CELL !!!!! 
Help ive fallen and cant get up hahaha 
Just go my laundry done in one load !!! Amazing haha ok maybe not really but it is to me haha 
I GOT MY PERMIT ! :D 
I hate when you see something move on your wall when its dark and you trip as you go to smack it then you turn on the lights to find out it was just fuzz !!!!! ahahah 
mmmm i just learned how to make sushi !!! ima make it all the time now haha 
got horrible sleep :( but got gages today :) 
My zoo trips as a child give me crazy stories to tell 
my house is not a home its a prison ... 
who wants food !?!?!?!? 
here i come < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! 
i hate being sick ! 
:( 
:D great day 
grrr lol 
ahhhh getting my wisdom teeth pulled on tuesday !!!!!! short notice and i dont like it lol 
OHHHH man im a freakn chipmunk ! my cheeks are hecka puffy 
I HATE MICE !! especially the one in my garage ! cute but still ahhhh he needs a knew home 
remember the good ol days of elementary school when everone thought it was cool to braid beads into their hair !? hah well i do and i vote we take it up a knotch to braiding string into our hair like native freakin americans !!! hahah 
Idont know what to draw !! any ideas ??? 
I love my new computer !!!!!!!!! OMG its freaking amazing : > 
Die you zombies DIE ! 
Blah ..... today kinda sucks 
Best thing known to man .......................... coffee :D 
LOVE the rain 
Thank goodness all my tests for the day are over :D now I can relax 
Mmmm snicker doodles 
I need to bake something I have a craving to bake 
today sucked and still sucks 
Is it weird that i want an ant farm ?? 
ok so theres a cd stuck in my moms cd player in her car , and best buy wont fix it so where else can we try ?? HELP ! 
