Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > !!!! :-) It is a banger at the crib , come join ! 

Wow I have a really bad < PROPFEMALE > over ........ :-( 
My babii went 2 go play ball with his boys . GO BABIIIIII !!!!!! LOL 
I'm lookin for someone who knows where I can get a baby roc or a all white baby pitt if anyone knows something please let me kno ... 
The beauty of photographs are that they never change ... even if the people in them do ! 
Well my life has took a big turn , i lost the love of my life because of drama but i cant just b unhappy i gotta keep moving forward . I love you < PROPFIRST > but u just aint gone change . I wish u the best luck in life , and i pray that you make it far . I hope that the next girl in your life makes you happy ! I have no hate in my heart for u , and and long as i live without u my heart will forever b urs . God Bless You !!!! 
Feelings change-Memories don't!!! 
Heartbroken !!!!! 
Yea i knew we had it .... EAGLES WON !!!!! :-) :-) :-) 27 ( us ) to 24 ( them ) Close call but we stayed in the game .... 
Gettin ' ready to fix my boo and i some TACO'S :-) lol 
My babii is going through it because of a mistake i made in our relationship , but i < PROPFEMALE > meant him any harm . I only wanted him to understand the pain he put my heart through . I love him and we will make it ! But for those who sat in my face knowin i was being done dirty for 2 whole years , all i have to say is FUCK YOU !!! 
thinks its dumb how people think the world's going to end in 2012 because of the movie , I watched < PROPMALE > Potter and you don't see me applying for Hogwarts ! 
Jus found out i am 4 to 5 weeks prego , WWOOOWWW !!!! 
Just seen that my team the eagles gon ' play today :-) But against my baby team the colts . lol Oh , well hope we crush ... :) 
EAGLES WWWOOOONNNN ! I just won me $50 on a bet ... lol 
It's funny how bitches can be COMPUTER BRAVE ... But when you get done doing that holla at me to my face ! If you can't do that then i'd advise you to shut tha fuck up !!!!! 
I can't believe it is < PROPFIRST > and I 3 year anniversary ! WOW it has been a long time . Met him when he was 17 and i was 19 now he 21 ad i'm bout to be 23 . I love him so much ... : * 
Being pregnant takes a big tole outta me even though i'm only 7 weeks and 5 days . I worry sometimes if the cramps are normal or if there is something wrong . But i just ask that every one keeps me in there prayers that this baby stays healthy . Thank you ! 
I hate that McNabb gotta be sittin ' on the skins side ... But you see he clappin ' for the EAGLES on the sideline ! Lol Ain't that some shit ... Hahahah :-) 
DAAMMMNN did you see eagles player Maclin do that TOUCHDOWN ... WHERE THEY DO THAT AT ???? LOL 
TOUCHDOWN ON PATTERSON !!! JUST GO HOME SKINS ... LOL 59 to 21 That's sad ! :-) 
I swear sometimes i just wanna pack my shit and disappear away from everyone !!! 
The thing i hate about being prego is that i'm always hungry , DAMN i wish had a Taco < PROPFEMALE > in my house , or something ! LOL 
Happy ThanksGiving Everyone !!! I'm thankful to have the Lord in my life because w/o him i wouldn't see this day today . I'm thankful for the wonderful man in my life , and the baby we about to have . I'm thankful for my family and friends . I love you all ... Have a wonderful day everyone , and don't let anyone ruin it !!! 
I really don't know if i can be strong enough for my unborn child . I try not to stress but it's like it's impossible here . I really need to just move away . God please stay by my side , i need you ! 
Life is so difficult , but i know God has plans for me ! My life will take a turn for the better one day so i'm keeping my faith ..... 
Wow i have to say it really don't feel like Christmas this year ...... 
Happy Holidays To < PROPFEMALE > ryone !!! Enjoy your Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
I guess we gon have a White Christmas after all ..... :-) 
My New Yearz Resolution is just going to be that i am going to completely turn my life around , in every way possible .... 
7 days til ' my Birthday , bout to be 23 , damn i'm gettin ' old . Lol :D 
Thank you EVERYONE for the Birthday Wishes , You all really made my day !!! 
Well my unborn child isn't doing so well , i'm really afraid i'ma lose it , so i ask that everyone please keep my baby in yalls prayers . I really need it ... Thank you ! 
My baby is going through it right now , i know he can't see this but i just pray that the Lord let's him know that i am hear for him and i won't leave his side . I love you < PROPFIRST > and everything will work out . 
God i miss my baby so much .... :-( I can't sleep without him and i wonder if he is okay , and if he is keeping his head up . < PROPFIRST > you are my life , my everything and i can't wait til your back in my arms again . I love you !!!!!! 
I miss the Love of my life sooooo much can't wait til ' your home with me again .... :-( I love you baby !!! 
