Just got off work .. YAY !!! and tonights my FRIDAY !!! 

Its my FRIDAY !!! No compound for two .. count them ... two nights !!! Couldnt be happier !!! Now its ME time !! 
Just woke up ... ggeerrr !!! Got too much stuff to do to get ready for the baby ... gonna be a long day ... YAY !! 
my monday wasnt too bad ... but not getting my hopes up for the rest of the week . 
Getting ready for work ... uugghh . Just another night of joyfull bliss !! sssoooo stoked !! 
Just got home and already have too much to do ... I thought I was done yesterday !!! WTF ?! 
Just got home from work ... YAY FOR ME !!! :P Had an awesome night at work .. its a shame they aint all like this :( (( and yes , I did say aint )) .. lol 
just got home ..... now what ? 
is home from work ... woo to the hoo ... im off for two nights , but I have to go to the dr. tomorrow ... so excited to see how < PROPMALE > is doing !!! 
Just got back from G-ville , daddy had 2 stints put in his heart today and is doing great !! He should be home sometime in the morning , couldnt be more blessed ! 
Cant sleep , too worried about daddy . Missing him so much it hurts . 
Daddy just got home and is doing great ... YAY !!! But for me its back to work tonight .. gosh ... this stinks !! 
Just got back from seeing daddy , hes doing better and their gonna run the tests on monday ... praying for good news !! Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for everything ! Couldnt have done it without yall .... You guys ROCK !!! 
Cant sleep . Up wishing the old man was home where he belongs . 
Doing some stuff around the house and then its off to g-ville to see daddy , cant wait to see him ... I will send him everyones love . 
Just got home from seeing pops , hes doing great !!! Still waiting on mondays tests ... he cant wait to get home ... and I cant wait to have him home . Miss that old man so much when hes not here ! 
Cant sleep once again , missing the old man . 
WOO-HOO daddys home !!! Bout freakin time !! Hes doing just awesome ! 
Damn , its been a long day ... and isnt over yet .... geezzz 
Went to my drs app , babys doing great ... already 8lbs .. holy hell , I know !!! Me , not so good .... but thats another story ... 
gonna clean the kitchen and then to my cousins house for a country boil !!!! I need to get out of this house !!! 
didnt get to go ... but < PROPMALE > out with my big sis at my nephews b-day party .... familys more important than watching ppl get drunk !! I LOVE MY FAMILY !! 
Been working all day on getting everything done .... Im ssoo tired but cant stop now ... Im on a roll !!! 5 more days and I'm A MOMMY !! So excited and so scared ! Lord help me .. lol 
Gonna try to finish up today ... By the grace of God let there be NO MORE DRAMA ... I cant take this shit right now ! 
Have a drs appt today and looking for some good news ... please keep your fingers crossed . 
Blah ... 
Heading back to the dr this morning , Hoping they will take him some time today .... I will keep everyone updated !! LOVE YAS !! 
just got home from the dr , and going back at 7:30 tonight for the main event !!!!! Come on baby < PROPMALE > !! 
sorry for such late notice , but < PROPMALE > is home !!! 8lbs 7oz and 20 1/2 in long !! Hes so beautiful , I will have some pics for you guys soon !!! 
< PROPMALE > has to get his shots this morning .... I'm terrified , and I know I'm going to cry !!! 
sitting here with < PROPMALE > , hes so beautiful and such an awesome baby . I cant believe Im so blessed ! 
Just got the baby and now ready to snuggle for as long as he lets me ! Lovin my baby < PROPMALE > ! 
yesterday was my first mothers day and the best ever , my baby offically asked me to marry him ... and I said YES !! 
\Walk with the wise and become wise ; associate with fools and get into trouble . \ " Proverbs 13:20 " 
I have set the Lord always before me . Because he is at my right hand , I will not be shaken . ( Psalm 16:8 ) 
Be strong and courageous ; do not be frightened or dismayed , for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go . ( < PROPFIRST > 1:9 ) 
But when you are praying , first forgive anyone you are holding a grudge against , so that your Father in heaven will forgive you your sins too . < PROPFIRST > 11 : 25 
Stop being mean , bad-tempered , and angry . Quarreling , harsh words , and dislike of others should have no place in your lives . Instead , be < PROPMALE > to each other , tenderhearted , forgiving you because you belong to Christ . Ephesians 4 : 31-32 
If you will humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God , in His good time He will lift you up . Let Him have all your worries and cares , for He is always thinking about you and watching everything that concerns you . 1 < PROPFIRST > 5 : 6-7 
Do not be afraid . Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the Lord will bring you today . The Lord will fight for you ; you need only to be still . ( Exodus 14:13 a , 14 ) 
cleaning house , washing clothes and missing my hubby so much it hurts ! 
Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world , but be a new and different person with a fresh newness in all you do and think . Then you will learn from you own experience how his ways will really satisfy you . Romans 12 : 2 
Father , unto thee I pray , thou hast guarded me all day ; safe I am while in thy sight , safely let me sleep tonight . Bless my friends , family and strangers ; keep me forever in thy sight ; so to all I say good night . 
DON'T BUY PATRIOTIC PEPSI CAN coming out with pictures of the Empire State Building , and the Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi left out two little words on the pledge , \Under God . \ " ... Pepsi said they didn't want to offend anyone . So if we don't buy them then they will not be offended when they don't receive our money that has the words ' In God We Trust ' on it . HOW FAST CAN YOU POST THIS . " 
My sisters mobile home burnt down saturday , everyone is okay no one got hurt , thank the Lord ! but thay lost everything . I would be very greatful if my family and friends would keep them in your prayers ! 
just took a bath in gas ... dont ask , but thank God for little old ladies with bottles of water ! 
Dont you just hate it when you come home ..... to your house and someone is telling you what you need to do ?!? this shit is getting old ! 
I pray that everyone has an awesome and SAFE 4th of July !!! 
I hate ppl who lie .... even little white lies ..... 
dont you hate it when the ppl you love the most forget that you even exist ... did Imention how much it hurts ? 
heading to georger at the a$$ crack of < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow .... have ALOT of packing to do .. yeah - so stoked ......... 
Hanging out with my sister\ 
And babies in g-ville ... TCB ! 
wanting to go to sleep ssooo bad ! way too tired , but < PROPMALE > is teething so having a feeling its going to be another looong night ! gotta love the little booger ! 
Oh ! quick note ... I have boots to sell if anyones interested ... just give me heller ! 
36 DAYS TILL MASONS FIRST BIRTHDAY YALL !!!!! 
I just wanted to say goodnight to everyone I love , and to please say a prayer for all children . pray that God keeps them safe in his arms , and that love and hope will ALWAYS be there for them . God bless everyone and our babies ! 
chillin with the hubby , watching Walk the Line ! lovin the movie and the company ! love you babe . MUAH ! 
home at last ! Hubby is washing dishes and Im cooking supper ! 
If you have a Sister who has made you laugh , watched you cry , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong then copy/paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to be a Promise from God that we will have a FOREVER FRIEND ! Re-post if you ..... have .. a Great sister , LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > 
21 questions sux ..... and ppl suck .... if your answer would really hurt somes feelings ... click on the skip icon .... yeah - not that hard ! but thanks for your honesty and you still suck you nut sack ! 
todays a slow day , thank God I have my family to spen it with ! LOVE MY FAMILY MUAH 
Hubby went back to work today , missing him so much it hurts ! :( Love you baby ! 
hubbys on his way home , I have missed him ssooo much ! * muah * * muah * 
I have been so blessed ! I have the most wonderful husband that I God created just for me , he is without a doubt my soulmate and could not be more in love ! My son is proof that angels really do exist , and reminds me that that there is always something to smile and be happy about ! GOD IS AWESOME ! 
woke up early , sitting here drinking coffee with daddy ! Just thinking how such a wonderful man I have as a father , God could not have blessed me more with such an AMAZING FAMILY ! Daddy , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Domino , Sugar and < PROPFIRST > I love you all more than words could say ! ** MUAH ** 
\Lifes not about about the breaths you take - its about what takes your breath away \"" 
just got home ! Had an awesome day with my sister - helping her and Domino move into there new trailor ! BOO YA ! SSOOO proud of them and could not be more happy for the ones I love ! * HUGS * * MUAH * 
Todays Masons 1st birthday !! I cant believe hes turning one , time goes by way to fast when your truley blessed !!! 
Had the most awesome day with my family today , Love them so very much - God is amazing ! nite * MUAH * 
missing my hubby , praying his tooth feels better soon ! love you babe ! * MUAH * 
At my sisters house chilling with the family ! Loving them all so very much with all my heart !!!! MMMUUAAAHHHH !!!! 
Trying to get my hubbys dentist appointment done , then its my turn ... this sucks ! Hurts ssooo bad ! 
Hubbys coming home and dinners almost ready .... TACOS ! Missed him so much ! Lovin both my babies ! God is so good to me ! 
hubby fed , baby fed , kitchen clean ... time to snuggle with my < PROPFEMALE > ! LOVING LIFE !! 
< PROPMALE > has yet ANOTHER app today ... I hope they dont have to stick hit this time :( 
Homeless go without eating ... Elderly go without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to repost this !!!!!! WILL YOU ?????? 
cant sleep , cleaning house .... way too much on my mind ! :( 
< PROPMALE > and my nephew Sugar are having their birthday party today , very excited and happy for them ! Mom and aunt < PROPFEMALE > loves you guys ssooo much * MUAH * 
< PROPMALE > had a GREAT time today .. even though he didnt feel very well :( Will have pics up soon ! Had the cutest lil cake ... HAD mind you , the best 30 bucks I have ever spent ! 
taking my hubby to the er , he burned his finger , now its infected really bad ... gonna be an all nighter :( 
hubbys at work , too many peeps in my house runnin amuck to try to clean anything :( 
Lake Butler E.R. has got to be the most ill-equipped , unexperenced e.r. with the worst people skills ever . I know its a small town hospital but come on people dont use that as a crutch to keep shitty staff employed , and with no effort for better professionalism ! 
going to bed , but first BIG HUGS AND KISSES to my sister , shes been my rock and my mother all my life ! God please bless her , she deserves it so much ! * MUAH * night ya'll 
Hubby just got home from work ... he has a suprise for me and Mason .... so excited ! Loving him so much ! 
spent the day with my < PROPMALE > and my hubby , < PROPMALE > out with his sister and had a blast ! missing my sister and my babies .. you too Domino ! 
WOOOW ! yeah , its way to early in the a.m. to be wide awake ! wtf ??? 
Hangin out with my sister and the babies !!!! 
just had a tooth pulled , really sux ... my face is ssoo swollen :( 
Its not delivery , Its Digiorno ! and it sure is yummy ! 
well , heck .. everyone else is out like a light ... im flipin my switch too ! NIGHT !! 
went back to the dentist yesterday to have the dry socket cleaned out and some bone removed ..... hurts even more now , can I catch a break ? 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says if you deny me in front of your peers I will deny you in front of my Heavenly Father at the gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and are not afraid to show it . Repost this . 
sitting in another room listening to < PROPMALE > talk up a storm , so cute ! he is having a ball all by himself ! Loving my < PROPMALE > ! 
dinners done , and hubby cleaned the kitchen for me ... my hero ! 
hubby has a dentist app at the butt-crack of < PROPFEMALE > in the morning , gotta try to get to bed early tonight ! 
watching my < PROPMALE > grow up so fast ! hes so funny and too smart .... and of course he gets it from his mommy ! 
Love waking up to a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace ... my dad is awesome ! love you pops ! 
Had a great day today with my babies , very tired , but is there a better way to spend the day ? 
gonna be a loooonngg day ! so excited ......... 
I know what needs to be done , but finding the strength and courage to do so is my biggest problem . why do feelings always seem to get in the way of what one deserves ? 
Must start keeping the promises that I make to myself ! 
Needs to make like Usher and LET IT BURN ! 
running to town for some stuff , and then its back to the hizouse to get my cleaning on ! SSooo stoked ! 
uuuggghhh .... what a mess , but thank goodness for papa to keep < PROPMALE > busy so I can get done for once ! 
Why\ 
tempt fate ? Sorry everyone , I'm not superstitious , but this year \ 
October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once \ 
every 823 years . This is money bags . So copy this to your status and \ 
money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one \ 
...... who .... does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that \ 
person be ... me ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good Luck 
taking a nap before heading to town ... or at least gonna try ! lol 
getting very sleepy ... fixing to curl up with the hubby ... goodnight FB buddies ! Sweet dreams ! 
Took < PROPMALE > trick or treating last night , now my baby is sick . Up all night last night , and has a runny nose and coughing ... my poor little man :( 
Getting ALOT of stuff done today .... long over due ! thanx sis ! 
have two doctors appointments today , very nervious ... please wish me luck :( 
Dr. says Im losing my sight in my right eye , and in both eyes my retinal blood vessels are damaged from high blood pressure , both maculas are inflamed , both eyes have a stigmatism .... so tomorrow or monday I have to go for an MRI ... and I have to wear glasses ... dang what a day .... feeling really really bad ! 
feeling really awful , hittin the hay .. love you guys ! !! MUAH !! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes guys , yall are too sweet !!! 
suppers done ! woo-hoo ! now , if only there was anybody home to eat ... :( 
:( 
Getting ready to take < PROPMALE > to see his papa while hes cooking syrup in Mcclenny ... gonna take some pics , mad props to my dad hes 70 years old and doin his thing ! boo ya ! 
Gonna wrap my arms around my little < PROPMALE > tonight and pray for the strength and wisdom i need to become a better person and to make things in my life right again ! Dear God I have never needed you more than I need you now ! I promise I will not let you down this time . Please bless me as I fight to get it right ! In Jesus name I pray . Amen . 
Just Praying ...... ----> :( ---> :/ ---> :) 
one thing I have learned is that with the ones you love the most , theres nothing you cant over come , and you must keep them nearest to your heart ! 
my little man is sick again , I feel so bad for him :( 
Trolls should stay under the bridge and not on facebook trying to be friendly with someone elses husband , its not jealously hunny ... its pity I feel for you . 
Show your support for the fight against Child Abuse ... Change your profile picture to your \ 
favorite cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To see no \ 
human face on FB until Monday , December 6 ... Copy & paste to your \ 
status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Had an awesome time with the hubby and my little man today .... I am so very blessed ! Cant wait to see him in the moning ! * MUAH * love ya babe ! 
good night babe ! I love you ! 
Giving my < PROPMALE > a bubble bath , and then Igor ! he loves this movie ! 
Read Carefully ! Change ur pics back ! The group asking everyone to change \ 
their profile pic to a cartoon is actually a group of phediphiles doing \ 
it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a \ 
cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with child violence . It was on the\ 
news . Please copy and paste this 
Just wanted to say that I love all you guys and goodnight ! Love you babe ! 
well , my awesome fb family ... 6am comes early , so Im hittin the hay ! love you guys and gals !!! Love you my baby ! goodnight ! * MUAH * 
geezz , 12:27 am .... will the cycle of normal sleep ever return ???? 8o ( 
Got my hubby off to work , now its me and my little sunshines time ! 8 ) 
missing my hunny , cant wait to pick him up from work ! :( 
cannot inbox some ppl for some reason ... really sux ... so bored right now :( 
Good night my very special friends , I pray u lay in rest , \ 
And may tomorrow bring u , Much love and happiness . \ 
Love you my baby * MUAH * 
My sons tv keeps going off and on .... by its self , does that mean its gonna go out ? 
Going to my sisters hizouse .... peace :) 
DANG !! its so freakin cold .... this sux ... just wanna snuggle with babies all day ! :( 
Loving my babies with all my heart ... missing my hubby !! * muah**wink * 
Havein a blast with the hubby ....... winks 
hangin out with my sister and all the chilren , while the boys went out shoppin ! 
waiting on my hubby to get home with some sushi ..... yummies ! :) 
Got the stomach flu , what a nice holiday suprise . Yay for me ! 
Happy birthday to my hubby ! I love you so much ! ( muah ) 
Missing my hunny on his birthday , wish he was here ! Love u babe ! 
Hangin out with my babies , loving life ! 
at daddys taking care of some thangs ... la tee da 
Grrrr ...... : | 
Hanging out with my sister and the babies ! < PROPMALE > loves his puppy his daddy got him yesterday !!! Love ya babe ! Muah 
