Happy New Year to everyone hope this is better then last year so far its been amazing with my baby 

night everyone thanks for talkin ... ill talk to you guys tomorrow 
Bed time got to get up soon for work again then have the rest of the week of ya !!!! Good night everyone 
just got back from the hospial cant move my neck to the right at all hopefully it will only last a little while it hurts so bad 
Just about head to bed . Cant wait to be back in your arms ... miss you tons 
Just getting around to go to < PROPFIRST>'s party 
sorry guys and girls im taken by a wounderful guys so dont try to start drama with us its not going to work 
Cant wait leave tomorrow to see my boo . Lookin forward to see him not looking forward for the long drive lol 
Sorry babe tie < PROPMALE > on my car just broke i guess i wont be able to come and see you it really upsetting but thats how life goes 
Well im off to bed have to work early in the morning and hoping i can get my car fix so i can go see my baby 
Just spent $40 for a towing service to tow my car back to my house :( Now i cant even afford to fix the part for my car so i have no car for the next two weeks im so excited :( 
Just chillin at home can't do much right now since my car broke down . and i dont have to work till Sat . cuz im suppost to be in WI right now :( 
i Need more people for my farmville so everyone should add me to it .. it will help you and me lol ... :) 
Thinking about going out tonight dont know yet we're still deciding on what todo 
OMG last night was a blast at least what i remember .... 
just got home from hangin with everyone had alot of fun cant wait to do it again 
F my life why is it i cant fall in love with someone without something else comin in the picture cuz now i lost it with him and i know i cant get it back :*( 
Just chillin at home alot to think about then going to bed have to work tomorrow 2-10 
Dont you wish you could sometimes take things back but you cant thats life i guess ill have to just keep going on 
If i told you sorry and i couldnt do anything about the past and what was said . what done is done . and that all i want is to look forward and keep moving and look past the past would you take me back . 
Lost my Job yesterday :( but look at the bright side my car is fixed and i start school next week so but now i cant afford much lol if you know of anywhere hiring send me a comment 
Just got home from a relaxing weekend took 6 hours to get home but im home now have to do laundry before school in the morning i missed everyone sorry my phone had been turned off and i didnt take it with me i wanted to relax without the drama well back to life . i kinda missed it lol .... 
Im in a great mood i got a job today you have no clue how much stress that relieves 
Today has been great i got a new job and i got my tounge ? periced i love it but it is hard to talk lol 
just chillin with friends school in the morning yeppers !!!!! 
WOW i could of seen that one coming Congrats i hope your happy cuz im done you win i want NOTHING to do with you 
Off to work till nine ya !!!!!! ill be back on soon 
Gald i got home when i did headin up to the hospital now dont know whats wrong with my roommate another long night 
yeppy up a for another day of school then work ya for me no plans tonight yet :( 
Just chillin about to head to bed school in the morning ya for me again ... lol im pretty tired tho 
Sitting with my baby spent time with my family to day that was a bad day o well glad thats over with till next time but my days alot better now that i have my baby next to me i missed him tons ..... 
Ok so im going to be at spiral tonight for that new years kiss whos going to join me to kick 2010 out and to start out a new year with of course ME !!!! 
I guess no new years kiss for me aww o well maybe next year 
Wow tonight was a night boring as fuck but it was busy as hell how does this happen 
Ok so its that time again its Spiral night club time yay come out to join me and party it up 
Great night at the bar , had a blast , Tomorrow is work , then to Aunties for Dinner YUM !!! Then my Fav . Movie night im so excited :) tomorrow is going to be a great day :) 
just sitting at home about to leave to go to lansing for anniesa birthday party . 
Sorry everyone phone is off for now just send me a message on facebook if you need to get ahold of me 
Goodnight to all have to work a double tomorrow morning miss my baby already cant wait to see him cant stop thinking about him :) hes the most amazing man ive met . GOODNIGHT 
Had a wonderful weekend went to Necto on Friday was a blast < PROPFEMALE > i still beat you . Saturday went to Spiral with my man it was great my friend < PROPFEMALE > birthday IMY . and Sunday OMG was wonderful my man is so good to me im fallin for him hard 
hey everyone if you play cafe world i need players so add the game its a blast plz and thanks 
Off to bed tomorrow last day of tests YAY !!!! then dont know what im doing tomorrow might go out but i had a good day good night everyone 
Going to work then off to see my baby then work again in the morning :( 
Had a blast at the club last night it was nice to see everyone we all need to < PROPFEMALE > out again soon Love you all . 
Everyone my phone is off sorry i can get everyones text but i can send out any sry phone should be back on tomorrow morning :( 
WOW single again that last longer then i expected it o well shit happen . i thought he was different but i guess not . Thanks for all my true friends had a blast last night at the club love you all hope to see all soon again .... i dont work today and going out tonight like normal yay for me ..... 
Went to spiral tonight had a blast tonight OMG one guy def . stood out tonight he knows who he is . He such a sweet heart but def going tomorrow night like normal hope everyone had a great night like i did . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .. Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass 
Well had a fun night at spiral till the end everything good has to end at some point and i guess that was tonight got out of spiral and found out my two front tire had been slashed again for the second time in three months WTF ! Just my luck o well shit happens anyone want to donate to two new tires for my car lol Goodnight all . 
The day i wanted to end to move to the next . ended with me not wantin him to leave the whole day dragged on till he was there then it was like somene pushed fastforward , it never feels like enough time spent with him , i was so happy to see him even for just a few before back to work . I swear hes like an addition that u cant get enough of he said he looked like shit today , but in my eyes he looked amazing like always . 
Going to work at four yay for me i wasnt suppose to work till friday but i have people calling in and i really need that hours my baby is trying to help me find a job in lansing im so ready to get out of < PROPMALE > i hate it nothing here and my friend are all in lansing . text me if your bored you know my number 
i wish i could take the pain from his body and fill in the empty parts of his heart it makes me sad to see the pain in his eyes and nothing i can do , but he always knows ill be there to catch him when he falls . 
OMG only three more weeks and im out of michigan cant wait to start my new job . 
You want to know what i hate more then lairs i hate people that you think that are your friend come back to and there nice to your face then behind your back they stab you . Wow friend i thought they where really are just two faced you know you got to love that .... PISTED 
Had a great day/night feels like the gangs back together :) 
If anyone has Heard from or seen < PROPMALE > Glynn since Sunday will you plz contact me or his mother his mothers number is 810 635 2105 plz if you know anything contact me on facebook or my phone Thanks 
we now have a search party for < PROPMALE > Glynn . If anyone has seen him since xcel on sunday night , please give me a call or message me on here . Thanks 
< PROPMALE > was found im so happy thank you to everyone who helped out < PROPMALE > s safe thats all i know right now 
i hate when people talk shit or hear something from someone else and believe its true with out confronting the person thats being talked about but im sick of hearing about me ... just because im gay im not a whore and you can think that all you want .... 
So I'm sry to people that your jealous of me but if you need to talk shit about me to make yourself feel better about yourself go right on ahead your not going to bother me but for some reason no one will come and talk shit to my face ... welcome to the gay world 
Just so everyone knows i fucking hate puddles and rain and my car didnt like it either so now my car is fried and im suppost to be moving in less then 4 days FML 
well come to find out my car is fucked and there nothing i can do with it .... it just became a big paper weight yay for fucking me im totally screwed fml i have no job after today yay for me again 
Can anyone help me find a car quick i need it like tomorrow if anyone can help plz contact me asap cuz i suppost to start my new job on thursday and it at cedar point 
sitting here on skype hes put me in such a better mood glad i needed it hes so sweet and caring there need to be more people like him in the world and did i tell you hes hot too omg . lol 
Hey everyone im in ohio yay but im at the comfort inn till tomorrow morning they said i was suppost to be there at 4 but my paper work said 5 so i have to wait till tomorrow to move in 
Just got out of work just chillin now work was good tho so i can complain 
So everyone i got a new phone today lost most of my < PROPFIRST > so send me a message with your < PROPFIRST > on it please and thank you 
It is so fliping hot outside does this heat ever end . 
People just don't see I'm a nice person UNTIL u piss me off then I can be ur worse nightmare other then the new manager work was good today . 
OMG its nice to have a day off but at the same time it sucks cuz im bored as fuck it sucks lol hopefully the rest of the night will be good 
Now I'm standing in line for the mavrick love this ride so not worth the wait tho 
sittin at the smoke spot bored as fuck missing michigan want to come home so bad 
wow this has been a night I have so much to think about in life I just don't know what todo right now I wish the world would stop for just a < PROPFEMALE > so I could think 
just relaxin before going to work it going to be a long night I can feel it 
so I went to stake and shake had a blast with my new < PROPMALE > lmafo now I'm sitting at the smoke spot with my < PROPMALE > lol 
I don't know how to say it , I just wish life came with a < PROPMALE > it would make it so much easier , I feel like ever move I make just pushes another person away no matter what I do it alway happen , but I know who my true friend is and I know she will never leave me < PROPFEMALE > Wick <3 
so work went good back at the prison going to bed to wake up to go back to work fml 
sitting at the smoke spot with my < PROPMALE > nothing else todo 
so off to work for anothor exciting day of famous daves have a feeling we r going to be busy today it look like its going to rain 
wow I can't believe I'm awake already 
So im sitting at the recreation center at cedar point bored as hell ready to come home and ready to start this nightmare and get it over with 
So back in michigan for good , its good to be back but at the same time ive already started this nightmare that i said would happen only time will tell how long its going to last 
So now i know to know judge some by the cover of the book cuz you never know when that cover is going to be wrong hes been very sweet cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with him 
So had a really good day this guy I'm talkin to is very sweet , he just made my day and can u believe it he wants to get to know me and doesn't want me for just sex , its amazing :) 
So for once I don't want it to rain so I can get my portfoilo done and its starts pouring 
So OMG everyone has to look at my new photos i love them and hope you do too leave comments tell me what you think 
Its off to bed i cant stop thinkin of him that boy has my mind :) But tonight i will sleep well cuz tomorrow starts a fresh new day who know what will come forth tomorrow good night :) 
So OMG i have had a great night so it started out suckie then boom he was there in my sight everything turned upside down , my heart be gain to beat so hard when his lips hit mine everything started to spark . He's got me hooked i think this could be it boys im off the market for good :) 
so who want to take me to flint any takers 
So my baby is coming to see me im so excited and giddie he really is the most amazing guy ive met 
So I can offically say I have the most amazing boyfriend hope many people can say they would drive a hour and a half at midnight just cuz he missed me he has my heart :) 
out with my man and my bff it should be a good night 
So I was very surprised when my man just showed up at my house when he said he wouldnt be able to come i was so excited i get to cuddle with him tonight i should sleep like a baby tonight he has my heart and soul :) 
So anothor day in < PROPMALE > MI o dont know how im containing all this excitment 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Gardiner\ 
\ 
August 5 at 8:23 pm\ 
\ 
Thank you I never even liked you ha lol and listen to jessicas bullshit\ 
btw I've cheated on you numerous times and FYI < PROPMALE > is perfect have fun\ 
being poor hahhahahha\ 
\ 
Omg this was my bf 
so i had a decent day helped change the brakes on the car got dirty in which i dont do you should be proud of me i got dirty and didnt complain much lol 
i have five kids here for the day $35 cost of food three wild dog $200 destruction of property and a bitchy best friends mother priceless 
Looking for a 3\ 
bedroom house in < PROPMALE > for now , anyone know of any available ? Fenced\ 
yard prefered but any yard a plus . Thanks . 
Heading to Detour to see my girls perform who Coming !!!! 
So whos going to Necto tonight and wants to take me with i want to go so bad someone plz take me . 
hey so whos going to detour tonight i better see some people there 
hey so whos going to detour tonight i better see some people there 
So i really need to find a car and a job any helpers lol 
ok so who wants to take me belleville any taker need to go so i can put in apps to get a job to move in with my bfob ( aka best friend online < PROPMALE > ) lol 
Off to bed good night everyone had a good day sweet dreams 
ok im bored whos going to save me 
Going to go shower anyone want to join ? 
So whos going to Detour tonight any takers ? Come out and see my girls perform show start at 10:30 its on east michigan ave in < PROPMALE > 
Tonight , Thursday @ Club Detour we have THE \ 
HOUSE DIVAS ; STARRING KARMAVUITTON AND < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , with special \ 
guests , AALIYAH MARTINEZ , and < PROPFEMALE > MOSSITY !!!!! SHOWTIME IS PROMPTLY AT \ 
10:30 !!! SEE YOU TONIGHT : ) 
Had a great night at detour if you missed out come out saturday night to do it all over again was a blast < PROPMALE > out with my sis love her to death 
They say true friends can go long periods of time w/o speaking & never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they justspoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but that you will always love them . Re-post if you are blessed to have at least one of these friends !!!!! 
So I've had an amazing last couple of days I hope it last longer and met some people that are amazing he's been really sweet I guess waiting in life is all u need todo 
Sometimes in life all u have to do is wait and it will come to u in life and u might meet them in a place unexpected . And when u put ur wall down u might be surprise what may come to you in life 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > , you will be dearly missed by everyone and never forgotten . 
He's been on my mind since he lefted the parking lot , i dont know what it is about him , o wait i know its a killer smiler , great personility , and o wait he wants to know about me and not whats in my pants , wow isnt that amazing ? 
So ive been trying to sleep now for almost 4 hours now , have alot on the mind plus it doesnt help i have an amazing guy on my mind too . So i guess this is good morning everyone lol i have so much todo and lil time todo everything 
Its nice to have that feeling back the feeling of being wanted to have someone just randomly message you to see how your doing , its really nice to have a conversation without anything todo with sex is in it . He really does make me smile im glad i waited . goodnight everyone ! sweet dream cuz i know i will 
So got everything done today enrolled in school , i start Cosmetology soon everythings working out how i want it too im excited and still havent stop thinkin about him , so far hes pretty freakin amazing i hope it stays that way :) its been a great day so far 
So running to Master Cuts in the westwood mall to see my girl < PROPFEMALE > Abosamra wish my baby was here too 
So you have no clue how good of a mood im in right now today been a great day and to make it even better i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my good friend < PROPFEMALE > and get to see my mystery man , cant wait to hold him in my arms 
Laying with my mystery man he's so wonderful I don't want this night to end 
90% sure I don't want to end this night laying with the mystery man 
So only an hour and a half till mystery man gets home from work 
Just chillin till work at five excited to go back then to detour to watch my girls dance there asses off , hopefully my mystery man will be there , its only been a couple of hours but i miss him already :( 
Yay going to work to make that money then hopefully off to detour tonight 
Make this your Status and see what people Rate you ; 1 : Random , 2 : Babe , 3 : I'd\ 
Marry 7 : Hot , 8 : Pretty , 9 : Funny , 10 : Moody , 11 : Annoying , 12 : Perfect \ 
Type , 13 : Love You , 14 : Wierd , 15 : Gorqeous , 16 : Strong , 17 : The Best , \ 
18 : Awsome , 19 : Dumb , 20 : Crazy as shit , 21 : I Wanna Date You , 22 : I wanna kiss you (; 23 , Cute 
Just got off work it was a ok night could of been busyer going to club detour for a lil while to < PROPFEMALE > out hope to see people there i know lol 
Well im off to work then maybe out to detour idk yet cuz i woke up later then i expected so saphire prolly wont be out tonight sry everyone shes a busy women lol 
Ok so i have less then a week to find a place to live , and to find a car or someone that will take me back and forth everywhere anyone want to help and im not joking 
Ok so who wants to help me find a car CHEAP plz or someone that is willing todo payment plz im begging anyone 
Ok so who has a room for rent that i can rent need it like yesterday :( 
So living in lansing now love it 
Fact that i just learned today when braking a bathtub make sure theres not a toliet right next to it . Tubs are hard to brake Toliets not so much . 
So im bored as hell nothing todo 
So its been a pretty good day cleaned up the house a lil finshed cleaned the bathroom up without braking anything , did the dishes went to the club for ten mins and come home to find a dog that is still lost :( i still dont miss < PROPMALE > i have great roommates couldnt ask for better 
Ok so i got a new phone i need everyones number either post a comment with your number , or send me a message 
Alot of time in life people dont see the good in someone till its all gone then the light bulb finally goes off , but by then its too late . Its time to focus on me and get my life together and now worrie about other thing or feel about me !!! 
Had a blast at Necto tonight like always 
Who's going out to spiral tonight ? 
ok so drunk and I'm hormy who's going to help me with my promble lol . 
I'm so sick of this freakin drama people need to leave me and my roommates alone im sry your life sucks but keep us out cuz you can try to make drama between us it isnt going to work ... So people cut the shit we arent in highschool anymore so grow up and move on 
Sometime in life you find out things you really don't want to hear not because your surprise only because you don't to believe its coming from what you thought was a good friend , but its time to come to reality and face the fact not all your friends are who they say they are !!! 
Shower Check , Hair done Check , Groomed and prepped Check , All ready to head to my interview keep your fingers cross that i get this job i need it :) 
So one interview down and i was just called by Panera Beard for another interview tomorrow morning :) 
So one interview down and i was just called by Panera Bread for another interview tomorrow morning :) 
Even tho you have the friends in life that screw you over and they don't feel bad for it you will always have the people that are your true friends and that will have your back no matter what its taken this like to finally notice this . 
So Two interviews down have second interview with both so keep you fingers crossed for me please 
Good night everyone sweet dreams to everyone talk to everyone soon zzzzzz !!!!! 
Good morning everyone ... going to < PROPMALE > for a < PROPFEMALE > then dont have time to see anyone then co < PROPFEMALE > g back to lansing to clean then going out to necto tonight :) who going ? Its not a party till i get there :) 
So going to Necto tonight , and Spiral Night Club tomorrow night to celebrate < PROPFIRST > Steeles Birthday , and Saphire Versace might come out to kick off her birthday the right style :) 
Tonight is going to be sicknin we have our house hold < PROPFEMALE > coming out to spiral tonight < PROPFIRST > Krupp , < PROPFIRST > J . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Tomasik , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and of course me cant wait to see everyone ... so everyone come out and see my house < PROPFEMALE > s all out and done up 
So ... im awake yay for me lol nothing todo i guess ill just go take a shower and think of something todo later :) 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . WhileJustin < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , Jesse < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , Zachary Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > ... Goeke 23 ,... and ... Sheldon Tate 27 are all Marines ... that gave their lives this week , nomedia mention . Honor THEM by reposting !! 
Ok so when is spring going to be here cuz im totally sick of this cold weather already lol no really im not joking :) 
So I got the Job yay !!!! how exciting is this couldnt ask for a better day now i need a uniform by thursday any takers to help my buy one lol :) 
So i guess i havent updated my status in a while and i was told to update by this amazing guy thats been on my mind well see how it goes keep your fingers crossed that it works out :) 
Good Morning everyone second day of work love it so far we'll see how today goes ill update you when i return home :) 
With you is where I'd rather be\ 
But we're stuck where we are\ 
So hard , so far\ 
This long distance is killin ' me\ 
I wish you are here with me\ 
This long distance is killin ' me 
So i just got out of work yay !!! love work so far :) 
i feel so much better now that i farted lmao !!!! 
im on skype with my baby about to get around for bed i have to be up at five am to get around for work yay for me i love my job !!! 
I hate this why do other people have to say other things to bring people down I'm sry but you need to leave me and my boyfriend and hes friends alone im sick of peoples shit this isnt high school anymore so grow up more on with your life 
So it looks like Michigan will be going home alone tonight to cry themselves to sleep once again State is going home with the Gold medel :) GO GREEN 
So\ 
finally i see your face i hear your voice whisper in my ear your breath\ 
on my neck the touch of your skin as it sends shivers down my spine , as\ 
you grab me and tell me i will always be yours , as you kiss me so \ 
sweetly and hold me close to you , he makes me sleep well at night \ 
knowning i have him to wake up to . Goodnight everyone :) 
My Baby is here im so excited i get to cuddle and fall asleep in his arms tonight i have a feeling tonights going to be a great night :) 
Going out to Spiral with < PROPFEMALE > Vian and < PROPFIRST > Nastally who else is going to join us last < PROPFEMALE > , hope to see everyone there . :) 
if\ 
u think im cute , like this status . If ur my friend put a :) . If u miss \ 
me put a :/ If u wld date me put a :D and if LOVE me then put a ? Now if\ 
ur not scared , post this to ur status and see what u get If you want \ 
you can message me with the answer instead 
So Totally went and seen Saw 3D today was A-mazing twisted ending wasnt expecting that in Kalamazoo till tomorrow and work on Sunday 
ok so who wants to help me buy a car or who has a car for sale im sick of walkin a hour to work everyday its getting way to cold 
OK so walking home in the rain is not fun at all soaked from head to toe , i really need a car before i start walking in a foot of snow so if anyone has a car for sale or can help me get one please get a hold of me asap i can afford a car payment no problem 
Its thanksgiving once again so this is time to look at ur family and just be thank for what you have in life because i don't care how bad you think you may have it someone in the world has is worse off so just be thankful , Happy thanksgiving everyone 
So does anyone have a decent labtop for sale i need one 
ok so i need a < PROPFEMALE > size mattress if anyone has one i can get plz contact me asap thanks 
ok so im lookin for these things bed , matteress end tables and a dresser if you have one you dont need plz contact me asap thanks :) 
Time to Paint :) 
Ok so i worked yesterday havent been to bed and going back to work yay for me !!!! 
Ok as everyone knows it my Birthday this weekend and this is whats going to happen on Saturday im going to be having my Birthday at Spiral Dance Bar and i want everyone to show up to make this birthday amazing im also going to have a box there for donations to help me get a Car so instead of buying me a drink put money in the box thanks 
So tomorrow is my big night and thats when the true party starts 10 ill be at spiral night club in lansing come out to join me and all my friends as its my birthday and hunny i need money to get a car so come out drink and get drunk so you can donate more money to me !!!! hehe 
Ok so tonight is the night you bitches all better be at spiral to party with me for my birthday come out drink get drunk and give me money :) 
Wow last night i was fucked lmao i dont remember a thing there is a reason the say one < PROPFEMALE > , two < PROPFEMALE > , three < PROPFEMALE > FLOOR !!!!! 
Sometime in life you need to stand up make it known of what you want in life dont let anyone hold you back on ur goals or dreams , Sometime you need to stand back and evaluate life . 
Anothor long day at work it was a nice walk home but cold as hell when that breeze blew ... now its time to sit back relax clean a little and look for another job YAY for me 
Christmas is Over now time for new years , and time for change alot is going to be erased , This is a time for a new Beginning and this time i will not let anyone stop me . So if you can deal with that its time for you to go . 
chrome cat tonight to watch my girls work that floor 
So who wants to give me a new years kiss when the ball drop :) 
So its time to start pack , so much to pack so little time todo so lets get started . 
Almost done moving yay they deliver my furniture on Thursday 
Tonights the Chrome < PROPFEMALE > Going with the roomies cant wait , my furniture get delivered tomorrow can't wait i miss it :) 
Off work now , Furniture get delivered today so excited :) then Clean up , and Movies tonight can't wait :) 
Its time for bed to get up in a couple of hrs for work yay for me 
Yay on brake been here since seven work till 1:30 then its time to finsh unpacking and then glee with the rommie loving life plus no cigs and feeling good still excited to quit . 
Today was a day went to work to come home to a basement flooded what a joy but the handy man i am , i fixed the broken pipe went back to work then out to the bar with my roomie Angel Versace what a joy and back to work in the morning . 
Had a goodnight and day with the roomie went to Detroit for the day and spiral at night couldnt ask for a better ending o wait yes you can i got the rest of my bed tonight so now i can sleep like a baby again so excited goodnight facebook 
Cleaning all day waiting for the roomie to get home at work tonight . 
Going to the bar with the roomies 
Not feeling the best today but thats life when u decided to go out till 2 am drinkin and getting up for work at six am 
Goodnight Facebook have to be up in less then fours hours to go to work how exciting 
Up and around ready for work 
Finally finshed my FAFSA for College 
out of work chillin i have tomorrow off yay for me 
So feel great this morning , come home from work and im sick what the hell my temp . 102.2 girl im so sick of this weather its killing me but my husband is picking me up some stuff to make me feel better , cuz im stuborn as hell and ill just keep going . 
Feeling better today , not a full 100% but enough to get stuff done and maybe go out tonight we'll see how i feel when i get out of the shower :) 
So whats going on in Lansing tonight im bored and want to get out of the house 
Its been a night one sober night down only three thosand more to go . Love my roomies 
I guess im < PROPFIRST > lambert look alike tonight what a shock , 4:30 and still going who says a sober person cant keep up with the drunk lol 
Good Morning Facebook lmao , what should i do tonight :) any ideas anyone 
Whos going out tonight :) 
Had a goodnight at the bar it was packed for a thusday loved it another sober night down only two-thousand nine hundred and ninty-nine more lol 
goodnight at the bar it was packed for a thusday loved another sober night down only two-thousand nine hundred and ninty-nine more lol 
What do i want to do tonight any ideas anyone ? 
Another night put to rest only 2,998 more days lmao but this time i have a tag along and hes wasted , GOD i love drunks :) 
Who wants to go to the Soaring Eagle tonight i really want to go :) 
Can't sleeep i guess ill fill out apps . yay for lookin for a job 
One app down more to go love it 
I think its finally time to take a small nap :) 
Im Saying Fuck the weather im going out to Level II tonight to support my queens and everyone has lived in lansing long enough to know what snow is so dont be scared come out and watch them dance there asses off and theres strippers too 
Just so Everyone know im home and safe road are bad but nothing a big lady boi , cant handle :) 
Soaring Eagle here we Come going with the Besties < PROPFEMALE > Poole , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Didnt do to bad only lost 40 dollars not bad for the first time had a blast 
In < PROPMALE > till Tuesday , hit me up 
Had a goodnight and day :) ill sleep good tonight 
Good afternoon facebook :) 
i want to kiss a boy and i'll like it lmao 
had a good night :) good night fb 
So i offical hate valentines day its a day of sharing ur love between one another but what about those people that dont have someone to share it with we need love too . Fuck this i love me 
Ok so whos going to pick my ass up for the bar tonight :) 
How do u responed to this \ your glad ur pretty\ " i asked \ " y\ " \ " response cuz u wouldnt looj good ugly \ " lmao " 
Sitting here doing nothing bored out of my mind 
So im thinkin about moving out of State what are peoples thought about this ? 
Wish i could sleep im tired but to much on the brain to sleep just yet FML !!! 
So i think ive pretty much made up my mind I think its time to explore the world see whats there and do nothing but worrie about me , now i just have to get my brain to agree with me lmao FML 
Time to pack i feel like thats all i do any more lol but hopefully it goes good this time lmao :) 
Well off to pack if you want text me if you dont have my number just inbox it to me and ill reply 
My things are packed im ready to go very Nervous but ill be fine its time to explore and see the world :) 
Uhaul check , dogs check , gas check let the moving start 
So who would love to be so nice and get online and pay my phone < PROPMALE > for this month so my phone doesnt get shut off tomorrow and i can pay them back as soon as i get a job in ohio in which will hopefully be soon 
I miss lansing tons 
So I miss everyone a lot didn't think u would but I do wish me luck 
Missing Lansing alot dont know what todo 
Yay rain .... not i hate it 
Hopeful a job comes quick 
Good night Facebook 
Praying for Hawaii and Japan 
Time to start Cleaning , and to all the innocent people that died today in Hawaii and Japan RIP You will be missed 
Come out tonight and see Miss Verionca Versace as she stuts her shit into Sandusky Crowbarr 
Its time to start getting Verionca Versace around . and we're walking !!! hehehe 
Had a Great night with the Girls , < PROPFEMALE > LaCross , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wells , at the Sandusky Crowbar can't wait for next weekend 
Ok so im being totally Serious does anyone want move to Sandusky Ohio cuz i need a roomate asap 
Good morning Facebook still havent slepted cant sleep alot going through my head when will the stress end , Still looking for a roommate asap please contact me at 517-894-5326 on serious roommate plz 
Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish it that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting 
Good morning Facebook Still looking for a roommate if interested plz contact me 
I think its time for bed goodnight Facebook 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone ! Come out tonight to where the party is going on at Sandusky Crowbar , great drink specials , and of course a show with < PROPFEMALE > Versace , < PROPFIRST > Keepitmovin Fox , and many more !!! Can't wait to see you all there 
Time for < PROPFEMALE > to start getting around she going to look fierce tonight 
Had a great night at Crowbar tonight 
Its Werid its only been a few mins but walking into an house that you know it urs but at the same time there no one to share it with 
SO im bored who wants to come over 
Bubble Bath time hopefully i can relax 
Rain , Rain go away come back another day i need so sunshine in my life .... and wait i want so warm weather that comes with the sunshine 
It time for a change , time to make things the way i want them , Im PMSing and i have GPS , So dont piss me off cuz i will find you :) 
Is it bad to make a meal at one o'clock in the morning 
Time to walk downtown the sun is shining it feels like a good day so keep ur fingers crossed that i can find another job today :) 
To keep everyone happy i have a new photo with no make up on and i changed my name back so everyone should be happy now LMAO its a good day 
Had a great night at Sandusky Crowbar . Come out to celebrate < PROPMALE > DuVal Birthday its going to be a bit hit so come out before the club is packed , and pull out those dollar bills for great performers and miss < PROPFEMALE > Versace will be out so come out we have great drink specials all night long . Hope to see you all there :) 
So does anyone have a debit card that they can pay my phone < PROPMALE > i have the money on me the only problem is the closest store is in michigan if anyone can help plz inbox me cuz my phone get shut off tomorrow if not 
Just so everyone knows my phone is off till i can get somewhere to pay the < PROPMALE > , i have the money just cant get there FML lol 
So had a great night at Uptown tonight first time there and i know ill go back it was a blast 
Night Facebook , wake up early interview and getting my hair did can't wait going to have fun with the girls before they go to work :) 
Good morning Facebook even tho i havent been to bed yet cant sleep , in a few hours i have an interview hopefully that goes well , and then i get my hair did love it cant wait :) 
Lack of sleep and drinking on top of that does not make for a good morning lmao :) 
Get off ur asses and get in ur car and come down to Sandusky Crowbar to where the party is happening , we have a mini show tonight with miss < PROPFEMALE > Versace as the host tonight , so come out , Great drink specials show starts at eleven hope to see you all there :) 
6 am and I'm still up lmao Loving life :) 
