Anche la più piccola ondulazione in < PROPFEMALE > stagno colpisce l'intero Universo . ( Even the smallest ripple in a pond affects the whole Universe ) 

Costco members : if you donate money for Haiti through Costco , they will match your gift . A $10.00 gift becomes $20.00 donated . 
Many people sit around waiting for love to come to them ; wait for friendship to come to them ; wait for justice and mercy . There is only one way in which love , abundance , mercy , justice and goodness can be demonstrated and that is to express them - to let them flow out , to cast our bread upon the waters . < PROPFIRST > Goldsmith 
I may reclaim my Pisani surname ! 
We are ONE . GOD , MIND , LOVE , LIGHT ..... LIGHT formed by LOVE , compressed and appearing solid , formlessness appearing as form ...... the play of Consciousness . 
The world is spinning 
To my terrific facebook family ; Thank you for all the birthday greetings ! I've < PROPMALE > home recuperating and could not celebrateThanksgiving or my birthday . I felt s good , absolutely uplifted receiving your birthday greetings . Your birthday wishes made the day special . 
To my terrific facebook family ; Thank you for all the birthday greetings ! I've been home recuperating and could not celebrateThanksgiving or my birthday . I felt so good , absolutely uplifted , receiving your birthday greetings . Your birthday wishes made my day special . 
Healing is as close to us as we are to ourselves 
Jai Baba . Many years ago , a picture of Shirdi Sai Baba awakened my first recognition of true sainthood . I've felt connected since that day . 
Please send prayers for < PROPFEMALE > Gifford as she prepares to start her rehab in < PROPMALE > . She is a special woman , one who believes in and lives the concept of public service . Recovering from a traumatic brain injury is probably the biggest\ 
challenge she has ever encountered . We send you love and wish you a swift and complete recovery , Gaby . 
Started Pilates today ; it's so interesting to experience my body with focused attention . My dear friend < PROPFEMALE > Swan offered me the opportunity to be her practicum student .... and I jumped at the < PROPMALE > ! Yippee !! She is a longtime dancer with a gift for teaching . I'm very grateful . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
