missing girls camp :( 

excited for the teen choice awards coming up 
so excited to go to bear lake 
At bear lake so stocked to go to the lake and find rocks !!!!!!! wow i sound like a little 5 year old 
sunburned fronm bear lake and cant move ... except my fingers 
just got back from bear lake . i dont realize how much i like it until I get back home and just want to go back 
teeth hurt from the orthodontist 
im kinda-semi excited for school now , just not the learning part 
its so hot outside 
my friend < PROPFEMALE > is weird 
is already ready for school to be over . 
excied cause my mom said i could have a sleepover on the first of school . Shes crazy . 
there is only 2 more days until school , i dont know if i should be excited or totally bummed cause the summer is over ... :( 
so excited cause my mom was crazy enough to let me have a sleepover tonight before the 1st day of school !!!!!! WOO-HOO !!!!! 
had a great first day of school it was awesome !!!!! 
excited that i onlt have to wake up at 6:20 tomorrow 
glad its the weekend , but i will be kinda excited to go back to school on monday 
is excited for school tomorrow for now apparent reason .... 
doesnt want to do geometry homework thats so easy it hurts my brain 
is liking nineth grade more than any other grade 
is excited for school tomorrow .... thats because its picture day of course .... 
doesnt want to go to school tomorrow cause all of my b friday classes are boring 
my sister is having a sleepover tonight with like 4 friends , help me !!! 
doesnt want to do homework 
is wet cause she just rode her bike home in the rain ... 
was excited for the 5 day weekend but is bored and has nothing to do .... 
had an awesome day at the canyon !!!! 
has so much homework 
is baking chocolate chip cookies !!!! 
got my braces tightened and i have the most annoying elastics , i can barely open my mouth 
JUST MEET < PROPFIRST > ARCHULETA !!!! 
The facebook trick : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter key then right click . then press up then down & magic circles wil appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... put this as your status if it worked for you .... its crazy !!! 
is super super duper extraordinarily happy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is still super super happy !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving and don't forget to stuff your face . 
just got home from dancing at Festival of Trees , it was fun 
there is only five days until i get my braces off , i cant wait !!!!! 
finally got my braces off !!!! im so happy but my teeth feel really slimy :) 
is all alone and bored but after basketball practice i think we are going to do so much better for the next game . You guys that missed it should of been there . 
is so excited its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , but i just doesnt feel like it 
is kinda bummed out ... :( 
I smelled my neighbor riding a motercycle cause thats how i roll 
we may of lost our basketball game again but we played a heck of a lot better than last game . GO MOUNT < PROPFIRST > !!! 
well we lost basketball again i made most of of points but i got fouled out , fun game :) 
is it just me or is facebook being a little messed up 
i just dont know anymore ... 
i smell a smelly smell , a smelly smell that smells ... smelly 
is sooooooo happy !! we played awesome today in basketball . we still lost but we made 20 points . that's the most we've ever gotten . BEST GAME EVER !!!!! 
don't pluck the chicken if it's feathers haven't grown yet ... 
student-led conferences , what a joy 
got 100% on my test which means i am most likely superhero of the month !!!! 
so ... many ... little girls .... 
Did you know that today is Old Stuff day ?? 
just when you think things are coming your way , they decide to turn around and go somewhere else ... 
i thought the groundhog didn't see his shadow , shouldn't it be spring by now ??? 
birds vs pockets which is better ??? 
birds are way better than pockets 
HAS A B- !!! i do not like mrs. hansen at all !!! 
my B- is now a B+ , i still don't like Mrs. Hansen at all 
three day weekend , what to do what to do ??? 
im so happy , i have all A's again . i went to the school to help mrs. hansen , it was weird cause there was like no students there but all the teachers were there and they were acting not teacher like , then after i saw mr. hawkley and wal-mart , its weird to think teachers have lives . its been an interesting day . 
I'm glad it's spring break but it looks more like winter break to me 
i dont care if there's snow outside , this is spring break , i'm going to wear shorts and flip flops !!! 
so bummed that there is school tomorrow , i was really enjoying the break ... 
is so happy , i checked the weather and its supposed to get a lot warmer this week like the high 50's and 60's and i checked a lot of sites so if they are all wrong i will be so mad ! 
this weekend is going to feel so short from the long weekends we've been having :( 
all i have to say it that i'm a teenager and what i do should be expected 
i wonder if the word bored had never been made up could we ever be bored ??? and who ever made up the word had to have been pretty bored to make up a word for being bored . so many questions , does anyone have answers ??? 
is so glad it's getting warmer outside , its actually starting to look like spring :) 
i forgot to set my alarm last night , feels good to sleep in :) 
loves the rain :) 
drove a car today for the first time , it was just in a parking lot but i did really good i think , i felt grown up :) 
how can people say life is short , it is the longest thing we will ever do 
i dont know where i'd be without peanut butter ... :) 
what you see on the outside isn't necessarily what's on the inside . 
Hey , Earth , I thought you were going through global warming . So one question , Why are you still cold ?!?!? 
i feel so dumb , who gets mixed up between powdered sugar and flour ? that would be me 
is so super duper happy :) 
anybody else have care bears on the side of their screen ? 
went to Lagoon and had a blast !!! except i got so sunburned . That's what i get for not wearing sunscreen . 
school is over . Way excited for summer ! Also Mr. Gordon has 93 pairs of shoes ! 
what a wonderful morning , the sun is shining , the birds are chiriping , I think there's something I'm forgetting ... oh yeah it's my birthday !!! and it's only 8:40 and it has been the best ! 
I got my permint ! I can drive legally now :) 
Toy Story 3 is the most intense cartoon ever ! 
i wish life were a game because then i'd be winning :) 
I'm way excited for Youth Conference :) just one more hour 
Youth Conference was the best ! Had so much fun ! minus the bad sunburn on my arms and back . haha I deserve it for not putting on sun screen . I guess i will just never learn my lesson 
I got contacts and I feel nakie without my glasses on 
Girl's Camp was amazingly awesome ! I am so glad to be in my own home though :) 
Finally going to Lagoon tomorrow !!!! It's been forever ! 
nothings more fun than riding your bike on a monday in the rain listening to your iPod :) 
Lightning is the scariest thing in the world to me ! Good thing I am safe under my blanky :) 
25 days .... where did my time go ??? 
when I woke up and made my cereal , I opened the fridge and there was no milk !!!! That just totally screwed up my morning 
All I want is that cow ! 
Kordell-\I'm a good liar ... I'm a 300 ft platypus . \ " haha i love him " 
My schedule is so lame ! I need to get it changed . I only got like 1 class I signed up for . 
I got fishies ! Now I have to name them ... mmm 
Next time someone says , \Can I ask you a question ? \ " I'm just going to say no . " 
My Schedule :\ 
1-Chemistry H-Carr\ 
2-Spansih 3 H-Bell\ 
3-Language Arts 10-Olsen\ 
4-Intremed Algebra H-Newbold\ 
5-Intro Health Science-Blunck\ 
6-Lifetime Fitness-Babinski\ 
7-European History AP-Winward\ 
8-Child Development 1-Young 
High School was awesome :D I hope tomorrow is the same 
Only my family can be this crazy for getting pulled over for drunk driving without alcohol ! :D 
It's only 3:20 and I already really don't want to get up tomorrow morning ! 
I am afraid to let someone ask me a question now . Answer to this question \Can I ask you a question ? \ " The answer's no . " 
My fishy is dying :( but trying really hard not too :( 
Me and my sister don't use things for their purpose :D 
Who needs to read a packet for European History ... ME ! What a joy it'll bring me 
What I learned today- If you don't have a cough , cough drops make you cough . I guess they kind of work opposite in a way . 
So excited ! Headed to Bear Lake and I'm driving :D Well not now obviously . No texting while driving :D 
Come on , I can do it . I just need to be brave :D 
Why are the simple things so hard ? 
I dislike people who are hypocrites so much ! Just like seriously get a clue ! It just pushes my buttons 
I wanna talk to you . Is it really so hard for you to see this :D 
When good things happen it makes everything bad seem like nothing :D 
I have a box . Inside of it is either 5 billion dollars or a bomb . Should it be opened ... 
What a day I've had . In gym my shorts got taken from my locker during gym ( who steals shorts ) and had to wear my spandex with short shorts at school . Had a test I didn't study for . Friends teasing me about something unknown . I'm just glad it's over :D 
I had no idea there were so many redhead jokes ! They all say something about how redheads have a bad temper ! Which we all no is so not true ... 
Today was an interesting day . Everything seems to happen during 6th period ... the rest of the day just seems boring . :D 
I try to make it obvious , but I think even if I scremed it in your face you wouldn't even know . 
haha I can have my cake and eat it too :D 
I like it in my room :D 
I'm the bridge jumping friend your parents warned you about :D 
Life if too short to wear boring socks :D 
okay well ... oh wait , i have family on here :D 
You can't get to the top sitting on your bottom :D 
Last day of the long weekend . It's been pretty interesting ... I've loved every minute of it though :D And still a few more hours to love :D 
I had so much fun tonight !!! So glad I decided to go to the game ! haha found out some interesting things ... and met a lot of people ! :D 
And you wouldn't want to go to a stinky < PROPFEMALE > ... :D 
I just got a friend request from someone named < PROPFIRST > D . F . < PROPFEMALE > from Rio Pardo ... now how would she know me ??? 
Okay so a train leaves a station at 2:32 traveling at 200 < PROPMALE > per hour . How many pancakes are in my swimming pool ? Purple , because aliens don't drink coffee :D haha Oh the crazy times with my cousin :D 
Best time ever at Nightmare on 13th ! So scary ! I bruised my knee way bad though ... :D 
The little things people say to me always make my day :D 
Well ... that was an unexpected thing of you to do today ... 
I DON\T HAVE ANY POPTARTS !!! :( Now what will I eat for breakfast ... " 
Well ... that went different than planned ... 
What happens when you get scared half to death ... twice ? 
Last day with my baby :D And a word of advice : Don't bring a fake baby to church 
Gingerbread poptarts ! :D 
I don't know what to do !!! I hate my brain . It thinks too much ! 
I got a new phone finally !!! :D Text me ... I need < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
I need to get more sleep so I don't fall asleep during class ! :D 
oh code names ... how very handy you are :D 
I am going to spend $7 to go to my own school's play . It better be worth it ! :D 
Right now all I need is a rewind button ... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!! I am thankful for everyone in my life ! :D I hope all of you enjoy stuffing you face tonight as I will be doing :D hehe 
Everyone toots !!!! \\r cRaZyGoOd 
Just got told my belly isn't chubby enough to be a belly dancer ... i am disappointed now :( haha 
Send me a number between 1 and 10,000 to my inbox and I'll tell you what I think of you .. it's all anonymous :) repost as your status 
#9876 .. Um ! You're are my very first friend ! i'll love you forever and ever ! no matter what :D \\r 
#123 - You're hilarious and always smiling :D ! and a great neighbor ! 
#7 -Ah ! i love you so much i have no words for it :D you always make me laugh and are so amazing and gorgeous ! i love you with all my heart :D 
#32 - Oh My Goodness ! You are way awesome and beautiful ! You're so nice and i love you with all my heart ! :D Let's < PROPFEMALE > out soon ! kk 
YAY :D 16 days without school ! :D Oh goodness what to do with my time :D hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone enjoys the holidays :D < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :D ( i think ) 
That baby was playing with cabbage :D 
Finally going to go buy Christmas presents :D 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!! I love all of you and hope you enjoy this wonderful day :) ho ho ho :D 
The break is already half over ! Where did the time go ??? Let's make this a great last week then :D 
Honestly it's just in a goldfish kind of way :) 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! 
I now have a new appreciation for the sport of curling 
I love all my friends and family :) Just thought I'd let you know that . Remember I love you :) 
And that's why you never let your 12 year old daughter start the car . 
You must do the thing you think you cannot do 
HA HA HA HA 
Wonderful weather we're having isn't it ? HAHA ! gotta love lunch :D 
There are 3 kinds of people . Those who can count and those who can't . 
BfG said OH YEAH ! my day is made :D haha 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Take my heart and please don't break it . Love was made for me and you ! haha that song has been stuck in my head all day ! :D 
Another three day weekend :D it's as exciting as when the vending machine gives you two < PROPFEMALE > bars when you only got one haha :D 
Oh yeah , they've been pushed . 
When there is ice on your trampoline , I advise you not to jump on it ... 
Now what do you think , Do snickerdoodles taste like farts ? Cause they do . 
Did you see that ? Yeah that over there . Oh .. oh you didn't , you missed it . It was right there , it was but you didn't see it cause you missed it . Nevermind then ... 
I seriously have not been this bored in forever . I think a person can actually die from boredom . 
