< PROPMALE > Adkins just farted really loudly and blamed it on the cat ..... 

is really sleepy 
wonders why everyone is getting married . Good luck to you , but I plan on giving it a long while . lol 
is gonna cook something delicious tomorrow :D 
sweetums red hot baby nuts 
is in the middle of a romance novel and just about ready to stab herself . 
has a fully grown wisdom tooth that's driving me crazy ... ouch 
wants to make some hot mint tea before bed : ) 
is not feeling good , cold , and not asleep yet 
the sims 3 is calling my name : D 
... sigh ... 
the number one thing i have learned in life so far : most guys are friggin stupid and inconsiderate . 
why do i make time for you whenever you can never make time for me ? eff it 
is not having a 4th of july this year because of my father 
is not feeling too hot 
should be asleep 
is making muffins . mmmm :D 
my lazy bum needs to workout 
bed , work , nap , be lazy , and maybe ... exercise : / 
just had the coolest dream ever 
so i decided that i still like xanga better than facebook and myspace ... even though no one gets on there anymore . I'll just have to write blogs to myself . 
is sad today for stupid reasons . i miss you . 
is having a breakdown ... please help ? 
has never been camping . will someone please take me camping ??? lol 
has a headache from hades . Going to bed . 
went on an awesome date today with my bestest frand XD 
enjoys posting blogs on xanga cause i can say whatever i want and only < PROPFIRST > reads them :D haha 
nap time :D 
work and then heading out on the road :D haven't had any sleep all week 
is looking for a < PROPMALE > shepherd if anyone has any info . I woud like to adopt one rather than spend money for one from a breeder 
wonders where you are and where you've been 
had fun with my jerm on his bday . Also , i bought myself a new tv :D Such an eventful day ! 
is here . can't wait to be back in huntington . : / 
goes back to huntington in 10 days !!! wahoo ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s alive !!! bahaha 
is trying to pack but not getting very far . I didn't realize it would take so long . I will be back in Huntingon next Sunday . :D 
is excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with my < PROPMALE > tomorrow !!! :D 
never realized how much stuff i have . 
only has to survive 5 more days at work and then i get to go back to school and not work there for a whole week !!! 
is sooooo tired from playing DDR . 
is done . 
is ready to move out . 
is excited to go back to school tomorrow , but will miss everyone . 
it's been a long day , but i'm finally settled into towers for the next two nights . I cant wait to move into my actual room . : / But hey , atleast I'll get to play some awesome music tonight !!! 
is in her new dorm room !!! It's real nice and I can't wait till Alerxis gets moved in also ! 
is not in the best mood and doesn't really feel like marching the rest of the evening . What happened to all the rain ? :( 
is gonna shower and get ready for the Marching Thunder's debut at 4 !!! Then heading back to Ashland and hopefully going to the fair . 
doesn't want to work at 7 in the morning ! : ( booo sears ! 
plans on studying and then sleeping . : / 
bedtime . work at 7 until 3 . then work again at 4:30 . 
dying hair . :O and dressing up Benji :D hahaha 
only has 40 mins to nap : ( 
has NOT had a good day . 
game tomorrow 
so . it's friday night and i have nothing to do ... looks like it's homework and bed : / 
watching the third x-men movie 
long day tomorrow : / 
won't be able to make it to the BAP meeting tonight , but plans on being there next week . 
is goin to the gym 
it's meh birfday ! 
wants to thank everybody for the awesome birthday wishes ! 
is already let down over tomorrow ( later today ) , even though it hasn't even happened yet . 
got my old facebook back and is going to work on readding friends on my new one that aren't on this one 
feels sick . 
is jamming . 
i want to fall in love with you : ) 
study study study . I feel like i never stop . 
hey , let's cross the sea and get some culture . 
is taking life as it comes and feeling content about it . 
and Zeus was like , \Bitch go make me a sammich ! \"" 
is jamming . :) 
has had a long day , but atleast i got to see my jerm :D 
has the most awesome roommate ever < PROPFIRST > Mays who just made fried pizza rolls with cheese on top and brought me a slurpee while I write my paper . 
keeps having a reoccuring dream about aliens . 
has a caramel apple :D 
misses my jerm and just wants to go home and do nothing . 
has been raped by school . 
is hungreh ! 
i get to see my < PROPFIRST > tomorrow and sunday :DDD going to class and then coming back and taking a loooooooooooong nap 
Why do people use umbrellas when it's not really raining ?!?!?!?! 
is going to see my jerm tomorrow . 
Zombieland = Hilarious :D glad I got to spend the evening with jerm and < PROPFIRST > and got to have a rave in my car :DDD 
has to go tutor . 
gettin A-rab bunnies ! 
is excited about Friday ! 
can't wait to see my jerm tomorrow and hangout with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and hopefully < PROPFIRST > and her bf ! 
another question i have for everyone is why do the maintenance people use leaf blowers when the ground is wet ??? 
thinks < PROPFIRST > cera is cute . But then again , I can see how he kinda resembles my bf . haha . 
hates it when people are rude 
beaver 8 , beaver 9 , STOP its beaver time !!! 
is glad to have my jerm who can cheer me up just by being his goofy self :D 
has to get up at like 6 . lol WVU game tomorrow and then performing the half-time show with the Marching Thunder at the Steelers vs . Browns game in Pittsburg !!! 
making class schedules suckkkkk especially when most of the classes you need are only offered once . 
doesn't know what upper lever math class to take . 445 which is Probability and statistics or 325 which is Differential equations . HELP ?!?!?!? 
nvm , none of the math classes i can take are being offered until next fall : / 
is angry that i haven't gotten paid in almost 8 weeks for tutoring and they told me it would only be 6 weeks :( 
all i need is just a few minutes to freak out . then i promise i will regain my composure . :O 
dear boyfriend , you need a facebook ... you loser . :P 
wants to go home . 
< PROPFIRST > sucks :P 
sleepy sleepy time . Lots to do this weekend . 
mom and dad got a kitten :D 
is missing the new man in my life ... chester :DDDDDDD ( mom and dad's new kitten ) 
thinks the < PROPMALE > County Band played amazing at tri-state ! 
will probably be 20 when i graduate college . that's kinda scary . 
is exhausted XO 
wishes love were like a fairytale . Or atleast better than my current situation . eff . 
is trying to sleep but has mr. < PROPMALE > climbing all over me :D i luffs him 
is wearing the Domo shirt my jerm got me :D we're nerds :P 
wishes people would check to see if i'm the right < PROPFEMALE > adkins before trying to add or talk to me 
thinks heavy metal is so festive :D 
MATH 300 can DIEEEEEEEEEE , DIE I SAY , DIE 
even though these accounting problems take eons to finish , I seem to enjoy them wayyyy too much . Imma nerd . XD 
just went dumpster diving with < PROPFIRST > Maysand got some awesome 80s dresses out of it !!! 
has the bestest boyfriend <3 
is thinking ... wtf ? 
2.5 years today/almost yesterday 
love my jerm <3 
went to get a < PROPFEMALE > bar out of the snack machine and got 6 < PROPFEMALE > bars instead !!! Hells yeah ! 
going to my accounting final : / 
Whoo got free tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Winslow tonight at the Funnybone !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Winslow was awwwwwesssommme ! had a good time with good people 
does anyone know when grades come out because i haven't gotten mine yet and i thought it was today 
I , < PROPFEMALE > Adkins , have conquered MTH 300 !!!! Whoop whoop ! All A's . XD 
got all kinds of awesome gifts from my jerm XD 
has a new dsi XD 
gets aggravated when people post a million pictures of themselves making different faces to the camera ... come on and be a little less vain 
people are CRRRRRAAAAZZZZY ! 
loves her jerm <3 he's a hoot ! 
finished my first excel problem for cost accounting ... only about 50 more to go this semester 
tiiiiired and have a lot to do tomorrow . pack up and go back to school , shower , study and write some papers , and then hanging out with < PROPMALE > . 
wants to park in the flipping parking garage @#$@# ! 
i've realized something very important : I'm proud of myself . :O 
class .... blllllahhh 
: / 
i'm gonna go play me some castle age 
is eatin chicken and dumplings and drinking < PROPFEMALE > d ... this is gonna be a longggg night 
i know it's not late at all , but i'm SOOO tired and probably going to bed 
HECK YES ! I finally got everything to equal out on my COPE ... including the balance sheet 
i really can't stand a lot of people . even looking at their facebook makes me want to punch them . what is this world coming to ? 
got on A on my first online test ... it was stressful 
just found out about the loss of a good friend . : ( 
the next couple days will be hard . RIP BH 
rule #32 : Enjoy the small things ... such as listening to the football players you tutor sing the < PROPFEMALE > Montana theme song :D 
ok ... so maybe i went to bed early ... but i failed at getting up early . lol Now to do some homework and drink some rasberry lemonade :D 
IS SO MADDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AT EVERYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TOO MUCH STUFF TO DO IN TOO LITTLE TIME AND SOME TEACHERS JUST SUCK AT TEACHING !!!!! 
fml 
is better 
soooo much homework and studying ... but soooooooooooooooooooo little time . AAAAAAH ! EXPLOSIONS ! 
There's actually an honors seminar next semester that deals with math O_o !!! AWESOME ! 
had the best movie night tonight with dancing afterwards and then watched < PROPFEMALE > Stutler be a monkeh ! 
is still up with a lot on my mind . : / 
is doing homework 
i am almost positive that marching band will fit into my schedule for the fall !!!!! 
Ya know ... < PROPFIRST > University really makes me angry sometimes . I'm a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Scholar and it's not letting me do my early registration for my fall classes . 
is excited about big things that may happen in the next few weeks XD 
is sitting here wondering 
has had the worst day ever . EVER . no really ... EVER . 
someone keyed my car . why does my life keep getting worse ? 
got some new pajamas XD 
going to sleep cause i gotta be at work at 8 
has a lot to do tonight ... so i might as well get started . 
really life , really ? i mean REALLY ? i give up . 
You talk way too much ; You talk way too much ; It's only the end ; It's only the end as you know it ... 
ah . well . nothing makes any sense . maybe i should just laugh and go on . 
goodness i'm silly . I just accidentally put illumination instead of elimination on my paper i'm writing . I need a nap . 
wants to be asleep . 
is hungry . SOOOO hungry . 
need sleepytimes . now . got a few things to get done tomorrow . 
it's a great day to ...!... write some papers : / 
got the keys today to my NEW TOWNHOUSE ... SAY WHAT !?!?! : P 
is sitting at the new place eating spaghetti I just made ... only problem is i'm eating on the floor . LOL 
my plans for tonight : Study a chapter , drink mt . dew , 30 < PROPFEMALE > . nap , repeat for another 5 chapters . AWESOME !... that's like 3 hrs of sleep , right ? 
3 big things = done . 500 more = unfinnished . NEED MORE CAFFEINE ! 
inventory valuations and receivables are coming out my ears . Does this mean i'm going to fail my final ? Plus , the guys voice is creepin me out a bit on these powerpoints . i need sleep . 
woot for a 5 hour summer break ! lol 
hello , new bed ! Summer classes starting in the morning : / 
is broke and tired , but now has food to last quite a while and should have furniture arriving wednesday or thursday . WOOT ! 
I hate those people who sit in class and try to suck up to the teacher the whole time 
ALL A's ... BALLIN ! 
uh huh , it ain't no big thing ... 
stupid facebook hacker apps 
BUSY !!! 
Got an Accounting internship with the Huntington Housing Development Corporation !!! 
smoothie from Sheetz = :DDD also , happy 3 years < PROPFIRST > Phillips i <3 u 
how is it possible to know so many people , but when you really need to talk to someone , there is nobody ? 
wants to learn to play the baritone . Only problem ... i don't have one :( 
last day of work at Sears tomorrow ... forever ... kinda sad but kinda glad at the same time . : / 
shoot me . 
Jeremy : \you're a dick\ " me : \ " what am I a pain in your butt too \"" 
had a lot of fun blowing up some really big fireworks with the family last night ... and not so much fun cleaning up the aftermath this morning . 
o.O 
is a senior in college ... i feel old . 
I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND EVER !!! He bought me Dragon Quest for my dsi :D 
is enjoying a smoothie i just made and playing my dsi XD 
Woot rollercoasters !!! 
has had 4 really great job offers this summer ... but i'm happy with my choice between the four ... good money , good job experience , and intership credits for school ! 
is thinking of having brinner tonight . WIN ! 
boooooreeeed . entertain me . 
is enjoying this day of doing nothing but being as lazy as possible :D 
tomorrow is gonna be bbbbbbuuuussssyyyy : work , bank , bank to work , haircut , band , more band , sleeep and then band again : / 
What planet are you from ? OOOOhhh ... that's right ... PLANET OF THE APES LOL 
where is the love ? thats what is on my mind tonight . 
needs to go to walmart 
bed . i am soooo tired . 
is glad to have weekends free , but not so glad about school starting monday . 
is feeling sick . for some reason i can't stop coughing at night . :( 
cake for breakfast = win . work and then classes and then band = fail . 
and to continue on with my last status ... ACC 312 = FAIL ! :( Atleast i'm prepared for the worst , right ? 
is a very , very , very sick girl . going to the dr. as soon as possible . :( shoot me . 
forgot my lunch . looks like i won't get to eat until about 4 . 
looks like it's homework for me on this lovely night lol . I have no life . 
let's squish our fruits together LOL 
i'm going to eat cake and do homework . yay . 
< PROPFIRST > is playing with nuts and he likes it 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes 
i gave it my all . i have no more to give . it's hard when you think you will be with someone forever . But i know God will take care of me . 
is feeling down in the dumps and like i'm not good enough . 
And when you wake up\ 
everything is gonna be fine\ 
I guarantee that you wake in a better place\ 
in a better time\ 
So you're tired of living\ 
feel like you might give in\ 
well don't\ 
it's not your time 
has had a great day today and got to < PROPFEMALE > with long lost friends < PROPFIRST > Skelley and < PROPFEMALE > Whited 
i need a vacation ASAP : / 
eh . tonight is depressing . it's just one of those days . 
ahhhhhhh . god makes me laugh . it just so happens that it's a lot at this moment in my life . 
i think i may have slept 3 hours ... blah . but atleast i got things done ! 
is wasting time in the library until class at 2 . Hoping later today will be fun and that I get some more studying in tonight before i die from exhaustion . 
just fb stalked with mom :D 
fml ! 
... it's the library ... people need to shut up . :) 
my metabolism is like a fat kid running on a treadmill with a cake right in front of his face ... he's eventually just going to give up and eat the cake . 
ooohhh men ... 
i have slept and ate pretty much all day and sleeping is going to commence again ... right now ! 
it's too early . i need more sleep . 
aaahhhh . i left my phone at home !!! 
gives up . 
just burned myself . i don't think i could fail anymore than i have this week . 
facebook depresses me . a lot . might not be on for a while . I think it's one of the only ways to keep my sanity at the moment . 
wants to take the Honors Seminar about foood ....... yesssss ! 
everyone should vote for Yosuke Hioki for mr. < PROPFIRST > 
accounting test at 1 ... booo . 
Omg im officially online on my new droid 2 :) 
sleep . eat . accounting . eat . accounting . nap . accounting . eat . accounting .. you get the point 
Cant wair for my hott lunch date with < PROPFEMALE > whited and < PROPFIRST > skelley 
Yay now i can facebook stalk on the go and my phone makes it ridiculously easy by importing all of my fb friends !! Lol 
So many things on my mind but i just wanna sleep !!! 
i don't know why some things happen in life , but i'm not going to sit here and complain . 
mmmm .... SLLLLEEEPPP ! 
music . is . wonderful . 
playing with Chesty cat XD 
i wish I were still as good of friends with people i < PROPMALE > out with all the time whenever i lived in the dorms last year . I try to keep in touch , but i hardly get anything back :/ 
Change your facebook profile picture to a \ 
cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on \ 
facebook until monday , December 6th . and copy and paste this to your \ 
status !!!! :) 
1 word : procrastination 
Accounting test at 12:45 = AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FML ! 
Let love be without hypocrisy . Abhor what is evil ; cling to what is good . http://read.ly/Rom12.9.NASB 
Feels good about my Accounting 312 grade ! 
Sick and it sucks . Had a temperature of 102 last night but doing somewhat better today . 
Opening gifts tonight and food tomorrow and I honestly could care less right now because all I want for christmas is for certain things in my life to get fixed . 
opened gifts wth the family this evening and has been very blessed this year more than I could ever imagine ! I know that presents are't the reason for the season , but I still thank God for being blessed with great friends and family . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
Boo to school starting Monday , but only 8 classes to go and 5 are this semester XD 
Quote of the day : \he doesn't have enough credit to finance a < PROPFEMALE > bar ! \ " Lol " 
If you love someone , putting your personal issues on facebook for the world to see definately proves a lack of love and care . 
Exhausted 
Depressed . My day has been spent studying , taking a test , and now in the library for even more studying . What a way to spend valentines day lol have no choice there though I guess . 
The weather is pretty today , maybe I can take a walk later : ) 
