Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > . 

At home with addison , trying to stop her from attacking the computer . lol she seams to think its a toy . 
cleaning house and doing yard work , yay what fun ! one of the things i would rather never do again in my life time . haha 
mmm .. cookind steak with peppers and onions and i have to add in the veggies so brocclie . haha this diet thing is going okay . 
school work , yay and going workout and cook lunch then pick up , this sucks i would love to just sleep all day today . im exhausted . 
going to the doctor this afternoon in br , and hope i hear what ive been waiting to hear for 7 years . 
went to the doctor and YAY ! I finanlly get to have my surgery so excited . 
sick and feel like **** Ugh think i cought a virus . so its been a miserable day . 
Home .. watching addison destroy the living room with toys everywhere , i dont know why i even try to clean anymore when the kid comes right behind me and makes a disaster , hahaha 
MAY 21 ! Cant wait . Plus im 18 in 4 days , YAY ! 
Going shower , then bed to watch a movie , hahaha how exciting ..... not exactly . 
Going to houma then MC .... 
Home with addison , watching a movie and playing on the floor with toys .. haha gotta love parenthood :) 
home .. cooked dinner then visited with < PROPFIRST > now playing with addison , she deff doesnt like bed time anymore . hahaha 
Finally turning 18 tomorrow , so excited . 
Going to bed and so excited tomorrow i wake up 18 ! Finally ... YAY ! 
18 ! Around the house and addisons fussy so not doing much .. 
Had a good birthday yesterday , now back to some school work and addisons still not feeling good so most likely wont be a productive day . 
Crawfish for dinner , YUMM .. then a movie and bed . 
Cleaning and trying to get things organized , i guess you can say a late spring cleaning . haha - Cant wait till May 21 ! 
Just woke up , sooo tierd . bunch to do today and a late start , probably getting another tattoo tonight excited its been way over a year . 
Had crawfish with my mom and Grandpa who is in town till mon . Work tomorrow and baybays party on sun . busy busy . 
Going get my tattoo tonight hopefully , excited . 
Got my tattoo and love it , i think its really pretty maybe a lil bigger then planned but still love it . 
Ugh cleaning my room and getting rid of all my old cloths in my closet , probably will be up till late and work at 7 in the morning and then baybays party and today was a long day , this weekend has been to long there suppose to be relaxing , plus got the new tattoo and love it . 
Home finally , been a long day and baybays party was fun . Now for a shower and long nap . 
Home from walmart , i swear this day feels like it will never end . been on the go since 6:30 this morning , work tomorrow and school plus me and addison will be doing yard work :( no more yard guy , he will be missed but i was told i have to do it now , hahaha 
Well i guess about to go to sleep before the labtop does its about to die and im about to crash , so night . 
Cleaning and me and addison are watching t.v. , work at 6 . ugghh i know im going to hate working its been almost 2 years and im used to just being stay at home mommy . 
Going to work at 6 , tierd and really dont want to go , addison has been fussy all day and mite be going to her nannys . 
Home from work , tierd as hell , bath and read a book , then some school work pick up and do some laundry then bed to do it all over again , man i need a new life , something fun . hahaha 
I'm going to club B.E.D feat DJ blanky and MC pillow ... nighty night all . ha Busy day tomorrow . 
Where's the damn easy button ?! 
Its raining , its pouring facebook's gotten boring so off to bed to rest my head but i'll probably be back in the morning . haha 
Lord , give me the strength to deal with the people that are going to piss me off today ! 
cooking dinner at least trying , while chasing addison in her speedy < PROPMALE > . i think ive kinda burnt it , hahah getting ready for work hope to be there around 6 . 
Is going to a place where im skinny , < PROPMALE > and i have a hot man who does things only written in the pages of trashy novels , haha night all . 
No work today or tomorrow , yay omg im ready for a break but no a busy weekend and cleaning house today and cleaning the carpets , what fun , haha not . 
Going to MC tonight to babysit . 
Had a good time tonight , getting my hair done in the morning and doing whatever , goodnight . 
Home work in the morning , just doing some laundry and picking up , Ugh going to hate this coming up week . 
In new Orleans , man it's hot as a bitch outside . Haha 
Me and addison are watching date night , nothing really to do .... maybe go to the beach tomorrow . 
Going eat at ihop .. Then maybe go to the beach ! 
In love with SMUCKER'S UNCRUSTABLES !!! They are the shit . haha 
Looking at the positive and so so so ready to move on with my life ..... 
up way to early !! on my way back home from texas . 
So .. Addison said mama for the first time Sunday ... And walked three steps today !!! So happy . 
So once again can't sleep at all , I wish there was a pill to help you forget all the shit in your life you want gone . Gym at 5am . Going to do what I said this time no giving in . 
Back from the gym , so .. Yea it kicked my ass . New goal a mile in under 10min . Cleaning house today and playing with Addison .... Maybe she will walk some more today . Hope so . Each day gets better . 
So Addison is deff walkig I turn around and there she is taking step after step along with she thinks she can lock herself in the dog cage as if I can't get her . Haha 
Love being a mom . Watching your child grow up is one of the best feelings in the world . So the walking thing is so exciting I've waiting what seems like forever for Addison to walk !! 
Playing with Addison < PROPFEMALE > verret !! Most likely going to go visit baybay so they can play ! 
Bathing Addison then going to bed , really tierd think I'll call it a night . 
HATES A LIAR !!! 
I think that some people just don't think or either really just couldn't care less WTF they do !! 
So .. I give up on someone who will never see they did something wrong and never be sorry and who could never care and most likely never did !! I'm threw . 
Back from the gym , ready to start my day , woohoo . Not . 
Loves my little lovebug !! 
~ Music = Love ! ~ 
Sometimes its to late to say your sorry and try and go back to what it used to be . 
Wishes I could move far away where no one knows my name and make a new me ! A new life and a new start ! But then again wishes don't always come true . 
Back from the gym . tierd as hell . 
Forgiving is love's toughest work , and love's biggest risk . If you twist it into something it was never meant to be , it can make you a doormat or an insufferable manipulator . Forgiving seems almost unnatural . Our sense of fairness tells us people should pay for the wrong they do . But forgiving is love's power to break nature's rule . ~ Lewis B . Smedes 
Tattooing is about personalizing the body , making it a true home and fit < PROPFEMALE > for the spirit that dwells inside it .... Tattooing therefore , is a way of keeping the spiritual and material needs of my body in balance . ~ Michelle Delio 
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers . 
Life is a series of collisions with the future ; it is not the sum of what we have been , but what we yearn to be . 
Loves her little lovebug !! Hope she feels better soon , have a feeling though she's going to have this crap like she had last year for a few months . Gym in the morning . 
Wishes people would mind there own bussiness ! Seems to be a big problem with people these days . 
Wishes life had a rewind button . 
Don’t fuck with my reality . I’d rather know an ugly truth than be mislead by a pretty lie . Just lay it on out there , say what you mean and don’t paint the turds . \ " , 201 0-0 9-21 01:59:30 " 
At < PROPFEMALE > garden . Yumm . Then on to shopping . 
Moving back to Texas . Nervous but excited ! 
And I'm done hoping we can work it out . \ 
I'm done with how It feels\ 
Spinning my wheels , \ 
letting you drag my heart around . \ 
And I'm done thinking you could ever change . \ 
I know my heart will never be the same . \ 
But I'm telling myself I'll be OK , \ 
even on my weakest days , \ 
I get a little bit stronger . - < PROPFEMALE > evans 
So I think I'm addicted to tattoos . There's\ 
No such thing as getting one . Haha 
Cant wait to move back to texas !! 
Watching you walk out of my life does not make me bitter or cynical about love . But rather makes me realize that if I wanted so much to be with the wrong person how beautiful it will be when the right one comes along . 
Today is so pretty ! So glad fall is here !! 
Saw a parked car with the liscence plate that said \ STD 362\ " haha ! Wow ! Would hate to have that on my car . " 
Hates when I finish a really good book . I want it to just go on forever :( 
\So fucking what if you're willing to admit you're wrong ? Willing to admit it doesn't buy you a \ " get foot out of mouth free\ " card . \"" 
Thank god there's such a thing like a DVR !! 
So today is not my f'ing day !! 
Sushi ! Yummy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... This day just got worse , taking the fall decorations out from the attick , and what do I see ?! My cat run off with a mouse in his mouth ! Ha as I'm screa < PROPFEMALE > g my head of trying to save the damn thing from the cat not wanting him to kill it . 20 < PROPFEMALE > later after catching it and putting it back outside !! What a day ! 
Baking cookies ! Cleaning house . Making this a relaxing weekend . Hanging around the house . 
Carving a PUMPKIN !!! Omg this is taking forever !!! 
cooking lunch , Spaghetti with Garlic Bread !! Yumm Plus cleaning house , not so fun ! 
I miss my long hair :( 
< PROPFIRST > Blunt <3 
Baking cookies . Doing laundry and carving a pumpkin today ! 
So .. Good weekend . Hate that tomorrow is Monday ! Ugh 
So tonight was a good night , had alot of fun ! Haha probably never welcome back at pizza hutt . Haha 
Studying . Ugh . Then bed . Is it Friday yet ? Ha 
Haha Hates when someone calls me a bitch , like I don't know this .. Yea tell me something new . Thanks 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > <3 
Wish I had a little Leprechaun that would clean my house and fold my laundry !! Haha hmm .. 
Loves laying down in fresh , warm , clean sheets !! 
Awsome day ! :)) 
Should be a relaxing night , have the house all to myself . Yay !! Going to get much needed sleep . 
It's easy to say you forgive someone , but to truely forgive them and move on is one of the hardest things . I realize this now . 
On the way to new Orleans . 
It was a good night !! 
Went to bed at 2 and up since 4:30 and sick ugh ! Great ! Doctor today . 
I think I have a serious caffine addiction . Havnt had a coke in maybe 2 days and I'm falling apart . I think I'm going through withdraws . 
Cleaning house and doing laundry this morning and later lunch at addisons grandparents then off to the movies to see due date . Busy day . When all I want to do is sleep all day long . 
Things aren't the same when he's not here :( on my way to Texas Friday for thanksgiving . Busy week packing for 10 days . \ 
Ugh 
Cleaning and packing . Going to Texas for 9 or 10 days . Things are going great :) hope things stay that way . 
Addison sleeps in her toddler bed for the first time tonight , will see how it goes . 
Packing the last of things . Leaving a little later going eat in laf . With < PROPMALE > before we head to Texas . 
< PROPFEMALE > garden . Then to Texas we go . 
In San < PROPFIRST > , Texas !! 
Sitting on the back deck , reading a book and sippin on a cup of hot coco enjoying the silence of the middle of no where . 
Needs a job ! Ugh 
Just passed a old guy driving a convertible with the top down wearing a ski hat and ski goggles , lmao it's not even cold outside . 
About to leave for < PROPMALE > . 
Almost home ! Yay ! 
Glad to be home . 
Wishes < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > would come to my house and cook for me . Yumm .. Haha 
Decorating the tree ! 
Watching the grinch ! Yay ! Haha it's keeping Addison entertained . 
“How did it get so late so soon ? Its night before its afternoon . December is here before its June . My goodness how the time has flewn . How did it get so late so soon ? ”\ 
- Dr. Seuss 
Cleaning house and doing some laundry ! Wish I could just lay in my warm bed and sleep all day long . I'm so tierd . Oh well . 
Today is going by so slow ! 
Watching csi and wrapping presents while sipping hot chocolate ! 
Cleaning house . Waiting on < PROPMALE > to get here . Then cooking dinner . Love this weather . Hope it stays cold . 
Got nothing done this weekend so doing laundry and cleaning house . Ugh then maybe me and Addison will go for a walk . Loving this weather ! 
Going to Houma with Addison and < PROPMALE > . 
Picking up and spending time with Addison and < PROPMALE > . Alot to do this week . Can't wait for Christmas . 
Love my life and family ! Yeap he loves me ... Lol 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to get here . Cleaning house . Ugh wish it would either stay clean or learn to clean it's self . 
Was a busy day today . Had bills family Christmas from 11 to 4 now having a sleep over at my aunts with baybay and loulou . 
Bringing Addison to the doctor . Poor babe is sick . Busy day . 
Had a wonderfull Christmas . Was cleaning up around the house but the power just went out . So time to double up on cloths and get back in bed . 
Laying in bed with my love watching a movie ... Can't sleep but he sure is past out . Not to self get bigger bed bc < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a cover hog and takes up to much space . Lol ... 
wonders if once a cheater means always a cheater , or can people really change ? idk anymore . 
Can't wait to see my love later . Then hair appt . Then cleaning house and relaxing and watching a movie with my snuggle < PROPMALE > . 
love my new hair , cooking and watching tv with the family . 
Feel sick , and cleaning house . Wish I could be in bed all day . 
Going on a date with my love tonight . Dinner and a movie . Love this alone time . 
So just cut the grass . Now to do laundry and clean house . Then kinda start organizing things so it's not so crazy when I decide to pack . 
Going to Houma to do some shopping . And get me some cane's . 
Just looked at rings . Found one I really really love !!!! 
Going to be a long night ... Taking care of bill , poor thing is sick as a dog . 
Addison , < PROPMALE > , and me have decided to be lazy today .. Well he's sick poor thing . But laying in bed watching tv and their passed out . Popeyes chicken for lunch , yumm . 
This is horrible , the whole house is sick now . I feel like I'm dieing . Plus now Addison is sick . Ugh poor babe I feel so bad for her if she's going to feel anything like I do now . 
Watching ladder 49 . Love this movie . 
Raising canes ! 
Work later . Then can't wait to see my < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! 
Loves spending time with my little love bug . Cooking lunch and cleaning house today . 
cant find my stupid phone anywhere !!! ugh 
In a car accident waiting on the side of the road for the cop . Geez it's taking forever . 
Had my hair permanently straightend yesterday and I love it . Today is a clean house and relax all day kind of day . 
