will be playing pool between the hours of 12:30 and 2:30 at the hub on weekdays for information of anyone who wants to play with me . 

Is it wrong that an an energy drink would make everything seem right with the world ? 
Hey guess what ! Firth has new material , I just saw < PROPMALE > ( he looks bohemian now ( I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't see it )) and I just found out I have all of my credit card information memorized . 
I was the only one wearing white pants today 
was not the only person wearing white pants today 
so guys , apparently I have a superpower , and it's that my feet sweat blue and dye the inside of all my socks . 
Has decided his academic future and feels at peace with the world . 
I'm POWERFUL !!! 
I just washed my bedding . Apparently it's my whole body that's sweating blue . 
cool it 
Damn you , Global warming !! Damn You !!!! 
Is there a Pulch around ? Because I'm in love with everything ! 
< PROPFEMALE > kicks ASS 
Freestyles with the best of them 
Pax ... was ... AWESOME !!! 
no turning back ! I'm doing the davinci slep cycle thing !! 
I'm going to davinci sleep cycle all over the place ! 
is a metaphysician ! Isn't that wonderful ? 
I won more money off of my Latin friends at poker tonight , alright me . 
It's not that I don't like you , it's that I don't receive text . 
I saw Where the Wild Things Are on Wednesday , envy me ! I have a giant cold-sore , pity me ! 
my pen died ... just like my cat 
My favorite part of my birthday was all the facebook love , thanks everyone . 
I drown my sorrows in rap music and a game of pool 
I am full of power ! 
It's way too cold when I have to put on a scarf to go to the bathroom 
I just love finals so much ! 
MST3K , volume 16 , here I come . 
woops , I didn't make it to sleep tonight 
Also , I have Resident Evil Darkside Chronicles for wii over break . It's really fun to play with people . I want to kill some zombies and watch some MST3K with my friends 
the luckiest poker-shit alive ? This guy ! 
Oh shoot ! The game's tomorrow and I don't even have the initial encounter ready ! 
I like < PROPMALE > spoons 
burnt face man number 9 !!! 
sometimes , go needs to be tempered with stop 
I was a genius once 
Today I played football , pool , hookie , hero , and a little bit of badminton 
I would have to rediscover Samurai < PROPFIRST > during finals week ... \Even dogs should not be forced to live like dogs ! \"" 
I LOVE TO CLEAN MY ROOM !!!! 
Quarter hasn't even started and I'm already addicted to solitaire 
Happy Easter everyone ! Hope you get to spend it with loved ones 
no facebook this week 
June 22 . 
I am such an Eminem fanboy ... 
2 o'clock and I still don't know what I'm going to wear today 
To all those concerned , I still have all our \football\ " books and dice . I can still give them to < PROPFIRST > if you really want to play some \ " football\ " over summer . " 
I'm happily domesticated . 
hey all . I'm writing this during my break at work . No internet at home , so I'll try to get back to you guys as soon as possible . Summer fun needs to occur 
It's ... great . I have my next 173 hours of audio planned 
I sent my phone through the wash . So for the third time this year I need everyone's phone number . 
My good person is going strong . 
Some one ask me what I'm up to ... 
Late for work , under-cooked chicken for lunch , and none of my contacts are in the office . Today is not the best of days . 
20 years and I still don't know how to make antibodies . 
Water tastes so good . 
I think my hair turning brown is one of the biggest crises of my life . 
I am serious . I'm going to live to be 500 at least . Just not enough time . 
I don't understand why the < PROPFIRST > on telephones are in the vertically inverted positions of the < PROPFIRST > on a keyboard . It's confusing when your job is half data entry and half phone calls . 
Good job Mr. Inman ! Einstein Fellow , nothing to sneeze at . 
Is once again , happily unemployed . 
Math math math math math math math 
!? 
Why won't anyone take advantage of me ? 
Ok you guys , its past midnight and I'm 21 , do I'm a little sentimental right now , but I am really thankful for your love . I'll get back to you individuallly later : 
It's my 21st biethsay , pay attention yo me ! 
Just had a fantastic night seeing Pretty Lights . I NEED to do that again . 
Aaaaaand it's back to ramen and eggs . 
We win 
The latest I've ever got in 
I'm staying up less to do my homework due tomorrow , and more to see if school gets canceled . 
Going on an HG binge , Hooooo ! 
the Conqueror 
Having your backpack stolen a week before finals is , among other things , just plain bad timing . 
