spending Saturday night with some great friends at Mr. B's celebrating my 35th birthday . Anyone want to join us ? LOL 

THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING . Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friends who will do this . 
Happy 4th of July to all 
I'm hoping the rain stays gone for the night . I am taking my daughters girl scout troop to the zoo for an overnight . 
mom decided not to log off of facebook , so i decided to hack her . lol . this is her daughter by the way . NOW START LOGGING OFF MOM ! 
Is summer vacation over yet ? Time for kids to go back to school ! 
Going to a wedding today ! Best of wishes < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . We love you ! 
Anybody have a baby gate they are no longer using ? We got a new puppy and are in need of one . Thanks 
1st day of school ! peace and quiet ! 6 beautiful hours with no arguing ! Have a great day my children . I love you all ! 
Getting ready to watch WWE breaking Point ! 
FYI : Saturday , Sept . 19 6-8pm @ Blue Moose ... $20 a ticket @ the door ... all u can drink draft and well drinks ... plus all u can eat Chicken Picatta , pasta , mashed potatoes , salad , rolls , appetizers and desserts ... door prizes and raffles ... Pearl Road ... School Fundraiser ... Sounds like fun , bring your friends !!!!!!!!! 
Just got done watching Spring Fiesta 1993 ! Oh the memories it brought back ! 
is taking her daughter to the mid-ohio con in < PROPMALE > tomorrow and I have no clue what I am going to do for the day why she is at the convention . 
Can anyone please give me the name of an affordable pet groomer ? I have a yorkie that needs a trim and petsmart wants $40 any help would be greatly appreciated . Thanks ! 
I am so in need of a vacation ! 
If you dont like the new FB here is how you can change it back to the old . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it ... on ! 
Thank you to all of the brave Men and Women who have served or are currently serving in the military ! Your bravery and sacrifice are greatly appreciated . God bless you all ! Happy Veterans Day ! 
How did we meet ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends !!! But before you do that , write our story below !! 
Happy Turkey Day to all ! I hope everyones day is full of family , friends and lots of good food . 
Just spent the last 24 hours @ Rainbow Babies with my 14 year old daughter who decided to put a straight pin in her mouth and ended up swallowing it ! Luckily every thing turned out OK . Lets hope she learned her lesson ! 
I am looking for some new Christmas Cookie recipes to try if anyone has any they would like to share please e-mail me the recipe . Thanks 
I need info on where to mail Christmas cards for the men and women in the military . We are going to have the kids make a card at the class Christmas party . If anyone could give me any info on where to mail them when they are finished It would be greatly appreciated 
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year ! Here's to a great 2010 ! 
What a great beginning to the new year ... spent last night at home with < PROPFIRST > and the kids ... and slept until 11:45 this morning ! Happy 2011 everyone ! 
wants to thank everone for the birthday wishes ! It was truly a great day ! 
black 
kids have a snow day today ! Yay ! 
please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Aocdcrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 57% of plepoe can do it . 
I LOVE MY MOM ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > :) Also be thankful if you still have your mom .. and much comfort to those that have lost their moms ...? 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? daughter(s ) ? in the ? world 
The creators of Facebook / Farmville have published a statement stating that all offers for free fuel , houses , chicken coops , etc are not coming from them . These are put out by people who want access to your friends list or account , please everybody COPY AND PASTE to your profile . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . ( Warning , that site can get a little crude . Look anyway :) 
Does anybody know how/if you can get the old facebook back ? I hate , hate , hate this new setup ! 
Just got back from the hospital ! Had to get 6 stiches in my head ! Gutters were clogged and leaking so I went outside to try to clear them and a big block of ice came down on my head . Happy Valentines day ! It was the perfect end to an awful week ! 
• *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? ( or DAUGHTERS ) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
if you have a SON who makes your life interesting and fun , has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life better by being around , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without son ?. 
Todays game - MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , then put your middle name at the end of this sentence ... Lynn 
11 years ago today my son was born and changed my life forever ! You are such a blessing little man ! I love you more than I ever knew was possible . Happy Birthday ! 
Does anyone have a # for an accountant ? < PROPFIRST > and I have sold on ebay for years and are at the point we would like to make it an official business but we are not sure where to start . Any help would be greatly appreciated ! Thank you ! 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but , you can choose friends 
ok i really need a new computer ! I have been trying to log on to Farmville for the last 1/2 hour and it is just not working ! Does anybody know anything about Netbooks ? We are thinking about getting one but would like info from someone who has one ! trying to sell on ebay sucks too when you have a computer that takes FOREVER !!!!!!!! 
Loving this beautiful weather ! 
having my son's birthday party at Lazer Xtreme today ! A bunch of 11 year old boys running around ! Glad it's not at my house . LOL 
just finished painting ! It's amazing what a new color on the walls will do to brighten up a room ! Now if I can just get motivated to get the cleaning done ! oh well i guess it can wait for another day ! 
New furniture coming today ! 
First day of Spring Break and I have a nice quiet house . Summer took Caitlynn to the mall and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are both at friends houses . Enjoying the quiet why I can ! 
Hope everyone has a fantastic Easter ! 
< PROPFIRST > got his motorcycle up and running today ! We'll get the plates tomorrow ! Can't wait to take a nice long ride ! 
Loved having the kids home for the week ! It was nice hanging out with them ! But glad they are starting school again ! Maybe I'll actually get something done this week ! LOL 
Here's a riddle ... What do you get when you take a sick husband , throw in 4 kids , 2 dogs and 2 cats plus a house that never seems to stay clean ...... 
Weekend started horrible ! < PROPFIRST > is in the hospital with pneumonia . Spent 8 hours in the emergency room yesterday before he was moved to his room . Kids are going to my mom's so I can go sit with him . Thank you mom ! I love you ! 
So happy < PROPFIRST > is doing much better ! He still has a way to go for full recovery but he is on his way ! 
So happy that < PROPFIRST > came home from the hospital today ! Thank God he is O.K. !!! 
Please copy and paste this if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend . 
Cleaning all done for the day and it's only 12:07 ! yea ! Now what to do with the rest of my day ? 
I just love a good Thunder Storm ! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . ? Before you were born , I loved you . ? Before you were an hour old , I would die for you . ? This is the miracle of life !! Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself .? 
Free Comic Book day May 1 , 2010 ! Come meet Spider-Man from 10-2 @ York Comics ( 7390 York Rd ) in Parma . Also scheduled to attend are < PROPMALE > Sumerak- wirter for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > who has writen a # of comics . Both will be available to sign books ! Hope to see you there ! 
it's \SON WEEK\ " ? ? If you have at least one \ 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would \ 
it say ? 
Wishing all moms a happy mothers day ! 
So lucky to have such a wonderful husband ! Works all day , brings me chocolate makes dinner and then cleans up the kitchen ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow\ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he\ 
could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a manstealing\ 
smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic \ 
Violence 
Enjoying the day at the park with Caitlynn and her friend ! Dropping < PROPFIRST > and Caitlynn off at grandmas tonight and enjoying the evening on the bike ! Lets hope the weather stays nice ! 
Spent 6 hours at the school today helping with field day . kids were learning some line dances ! I forgot just how much excercise you get by dancing ! I will be singing the cupid shuffle for days ! 
Caitlynn is taking her first weekend trip with a friend . They grow up so fast . Have fun sweet girl ! I love you ! 
< PROPFIRST > took me to the Dragon Gate for dinner . So Yummy ! This is the last weekend at it's current location . :( ! So many good memories ! 
Really hating water balloons right now ! 
Last day of school ! So happy class party is over . The kids had so much fun with all the water balloons ! Let the summer begin ! 
My 14 yr old is having a really hard time right now ! Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers ! We need all the help we can get to get through . 
Anybody looking for a kitten ? 8 wk old Male , brown tabby ! It was born without a tail and is at risk of being put down ! Please let me know ASAP . It can't stay in the home it is in long due to allergies . I would take it if I could but I already have 2 cats as well as 2 dogs ! 
Just an FYI for parents looking for silly bands ... YORK COMICS NOW CARRIES THEM !! They just got a shipment in today . They have Disney ones ! Toy Story 3 , Disney < PROPFEMALE > , Cars & Tinkerbell as well as regular bands . 
Took the kids to Hard Knock Wrestling event tonight at the legion hall ! We were right at ring side and the kids had a blast ! They even got to play in the ring at the end of the show ! So much fun !!!! I had wrestlers falling at my feet ! LOL 
Happy Fathers day to all the dad's out there ! 
So .. my 11 yr old son is leaving tomorrow for 2 weeks , maybe longer ! ~ He is going to stay with my Uncle in Indiana . This will be the 1st time he has been away for longer than a weekend ! Although I know he will have so much fun I am going to miss him soooooooooooooo much ! I guess they need to grow up sometime huh ?! 
Don't you hate how some people refuse to let the past go and move on with their lives and instead revel in high school style drama ... I am too busy raising 4 children and being a wife and mother to worry about petty B.S. 
Road Trip ! ... Drove to Indiana to pick up a homesick < PROPFIRST > ! Staying the night then coming home tomorrow ! 
Heading home from Indiana ! Great to get away for a night ! Had such a good time visiting with my Uncle but looking forward to going home ! 
Love ! Love ! Love ! when < PROPFIRST > makes dinner ! Hawaiian hot dogs and homemade potato chips ! Yum !!! 
Switching internet service and will not have internet until Tuesday ! Glad the library is so close ! LOL ! if ya need me text or call ! 
Sitting at the park with my kids enjoying this beautiful day ! Life is good ! 
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July ! 
Brookpark Home Days ! Rides , Food , fireworks ! Kids are having a blast ! 
Kids had so much fun at the carnival and the fireworks were fantastic as usual ! 
Strained a muscle in my back ! Doctor prescribed muscle relaxers ! Now if I could just get some rest maybe it would get better ! 
Time for Smore's! Yummy ! 
Only\ 
an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and \ 
love like a friend ? ? If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & \ 
nephews , post this as your status ! 
I can't believe it's been 10 years since my daughter was born . Happy birthday pretty girl . I love you so very much . 
Girls are with their mom ! < PROPFIRST > and Caitlynn are going to spend some time with their cousins ! I will have a nice quiet house for a few days ! I will miss my kids but am looking forward to some much needed peace and quiet ! No fighting , crying , complaining ! Ahhhhhhh ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for taking my children ! 
If anyone is looking for childcare for the 2010-2011 school year and live in the < PROPFEMALE > Rd school/Parma Heights area send me a message or give me a call ! 
Road Trip !!! 
Busy day ! Grocery shopping this morning , hair cuts for the girls , then to Southpark to do some shopping ! I'm gonna need lots of caffeine today to keep up with my girls ! 
Last night of Karaoke Bowling @ Buckeye Lanes ! :( Oh well there is always next summer ! ( maybe ) . It was nice to have 1 night a week out ! Also spending time with my mom and sister was awesome ! 
WWE Summer Slam tonight ! It's amazing how excited my kids are to see it ! 
Love my parents ! They are taking my kids camping this week , So I will have a few days of quiet ! What to do ? 
To\ 
all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , \ 
salon cuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights \ 
for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a\ 
thing . Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up , instead LOVE \ 
what they get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your \ 
kids !!! 
I've\ 
carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby upon my chest . \ 
My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I am \ 
happy because I see a mother , and there is no greater honor . Make this \ 
your status if you are proud to be a mother 
Caitlynn's room is painted and rearranged ! I swear everytime she cleans her room she wants to move things around ! Wonder where she gets that from ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Rd parents ... Anyone have any info on the new 5th grade teacher ? Caitlynn has her this year ! 
Going up to Mr. B's tonight for a few drinks with friends 
Caitlynn is excited to meet her new teacher tonight @ open house ! Looking forward to school starting tomorrow ! 
Open house went well ! I signed up to help with just about everything ! I just can't say NO ! LOL ! 
Kids had a good first day ! Caitlynn's bottom wire broke during lunch so we are making a trip to the orthodontist tomorrow morning before school so it can be fixed ! < PROPFIRST > gets to ride his bike to school tomorrow for the first time on his own ! Kids grow up so fast ! 
Looking for a place to go tonight ! Music , drinks , dancing , any suggestions ? 
Had a great time last night with some awesome friends ! Thanks for hanging out guys ! We need to do it again soon ! 
Saw Avatar for the first time tonight ! Amazing movie ! Wish I would have seen it in 3D ! 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there's no cure , and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want , to be loved and accepted . \ 
Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you please put it \ 
on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's special education week . Thanks ! 
Spent the morning making cookies ! Lots of cookies !!! 
I'm not a mind reader ! If you want something tell me , but don't get mad at me because you didn't and it didn't get done !! 
Excited to be starting a new job tomorrow ! 
9 years ago today I was lucky enough to marry my best friend ! He has been my rock , a constant source of support ! The most amazing man I have ever known ! I love you sweetie always and for eternity ! 
Just found out my niece is getting married ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Wishing you a long happy life together ! You deserve all the happiness in the world ! 
Heading up to Mr. B's tonight for a few drinks with some great friends ! 
So tired ! Working extra hours because I had to fire the only other person who worked , so I get to cover the hours until we can hire someone else . To go from stay at home mom for 9 years to working full time at a job I thought was part time/temporary ! What did I get myself into ! LOL ! 
Sitting at work bored out of my mind ! 
Having one of those days where you want to crawl back into bed , pull the covers up over your head and stay there until tomorrow ! 
Had a great time at Mr. B's last night ! So glad I decided to go out !! Great friends , good music , and alcohol ! LOL !!! Thanks guys for a great night ! 
Hopefully after interviews today I will have someone else to work at the shop and can go back to part time ! Working 42 hours a week just doesn't work for me ! LOL ! I actually miss being home with my kids ! 
It's\ 
Police Appreciation Week . Police officers work the streets day and \ 
night to keep us safe . In 2010 , there have been 124 police officers \ 
killed in the line of duty . That number is up 29% from 2009 . Please \ 
repost if you are a police officer , love a police officer , or appreciate\ 
a police officer . Be safe out there . 
If anyone has an infant car seat they are looking to get rid of please let me know ! Thanks ! 
A\ 
son will hold your hand for a little while , but he will hold your heart\ 
for a lifetime . It's \Son's Week\ " - If you have a son that holds the \ 
Saw my neurologist today ! He said I look to be doing very well ! Said he can't see anything wrong but did give me info on a different medication becasue we want to keep it that way ! 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past ... but I am proud of who I ... am today !!!! Take me ... as I ... am or watch me as I walkaway . Post if you're proud of being you 
So frustrated ! 
Things do look better in the morning ! 
Loved\ 
you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were \ 
born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a \ 
minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still \ 
would . When you choose to have children you make a conscious decision , \ 
to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your \ 
status , if you have children you love more than life !!!!!!! 
Caitlynn is selling bags of caramel corn $2 or a variety of Niagara chocolate bars $1 for a class trip to Mohican . If you are interested please let me know ! Thanks ! 
Boy do I feel old ! I took the kids shopping for Halloween costumes today and they had a whole section for the 80's! From Banana clips and leg warmers to stonewashed pants & footless leggings ! Big bright neon earrings to big hair bows ! I was having flashbacks the whole time ! LOL 
God\ 
saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So He put his arms \ 
around you and He whispered come to me . With tearful eyes I watched you , \ 
and saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you\ 
stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God \ 
broke my heart to prove to me , He only takes the best . Put this on \ 
your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day . 
5:30 on a Sunday morning and I am wide awake ! I have a feeling this is not going to be a very good day ! 
Making cookies for Halloween party tomorrow ! Nothing like waiting until the last minute ! LOL 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man who helps balance your whole world ... Who \ 
isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... Who works hard and would do \ 
anything for you ... That makes you laugh ... Who is your best friend ... \ 
Who you want to grow old with ... And who you are thankful for \ 
...... everyday ... then post this as your status ! 
Looking forward to hanging out with some old friends tonight ! Haven't seen most of them in many many years ! You gotta love facebook ! But first I need to get through the class Halloween parties !! Should be lots of fun ! Food , games , crafts and a bunch of 11 yr olds hyped up on sugar ! LOL 
My profile pic was drawn by my 10 yr old daughter ! She does not get her talent from me ! Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
Naptime !!! 
Kids are done with trick r treat ! Now to get myself ready for a party at the Clubhouse ! Love this time of year ! 
Had a great but exhausting weekend ! Wish i could sleep for the next 2 days ! 
Very sad about the Levy not passing but I have to say I wasn't surprised ! When I told my 10 yr old daughter that the levy failed her response was \Can I go to an online school then\ " ? That is an option I may eventually have to consider ! A quality education is something I want for all my children ! As parents I think we all do ! Why can we not pull together as a community for the sake of the children ? " 
Heading to < PROPMALE > this weekend to drop < PROPFEMALE > off at Mid Ohio Con ! Then chillin with Caitlynn all day Saturday and will be coming home Sunday ! Any ideas on what to do with Caitlynn while we're there ? ... 
Really annoyed with people who have no clue ! Everything I do every single day with no recognition and no appreciation ! Not because I feel guilty , not because I want to but because it is the right thing to do ! Grrrr ! I guess I'm just frustrated right now ! People who have no clue need to keep their mouths shut ! 
Hoping to leave work early today ! Not feeling well and want to go home change into something comfy and curl up on the couch with a blanket for the rest of the night ! 
I have the best kids in the world !!! 
My friend is in desperate need of a < PROPMALE > home for a pure bred boxer . He was \ 
severely abused and is covered in scars . He was also starved . He \ 
cannot be in a home with another dog as he has been attacked by dogs his\ 
whole 4 years of life . I need him to be loved . Her rescue will cover \ 
everything just to save this baby's life . Please contact < PROPFEMALE > @ alldogsheaven.org 
Sore throat , headache , bodyaches means early bed for me ! Can't afford to be sick ! 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > Chuk -Liptay & < PROPFIRST > Liptay on the birth of your beautiful baby girl ! Love you guys ! 
Have to work until 4 today then I am off to Akron Hospital to see one of my best friends and her beautiful new baby girl ! Can't wait to meet you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check\ 
payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and \ 
including , their life . This is beyond honor , and there are way too many\ 
people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and \ 
paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , love a \ 
Veteran , or support the Troops . 
Only have to work 3 hours today ! Looking forward to a nice relaxing weekend ! 
So my mom stopped by to borrow my leaf blower and ended up taking my kids with her for an over night ! All day and night with no kids ... Whatever am I going to do ? 
enjoying a nice relaxing day ! Watching football with < PROPFIRST > and Justin , < PROPFIRST > s making stuffed shells for dinner with garlic bread and salad ! Yummy can't wait ! 
Just finished waching Knucklehead ! It was such a great family movie ! 
So I am sitting at my computer IMing my daughter who is in her bedroom which is only about 30 feet away ! You gotta love computers ! LOL 
Such a good day ! Spent it with one of my best friends and her precious little baby girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy Turkey Day to all ! I am so thankful for my amazing family and my awesome friends who are there anytime they are needed ! I love you guys ! 
Nothing better than sitting in the emergency room on Thanksgiving day ! 
Watching Beauty and the Beast with < PROPFIRST > and the kids , then heading to my sisters for dinner . 
Took a walk down memory < PROPFIRST > today ! i was cleaning and found a box of old pictures and yearbooks ! So many memories they made me smile ! 
Making peppermint , chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast ! Yummy ! 
Christmas tree is up and decorated ! Now for the rest of the house ! Time to go through my cookie recipes ! I love this time of year ! 
No work today ! Going to visit my Grandma & my Dad in the hospital today ! Then home to finish decorating my house and make some cookies for the < PROPFEMALE > Shop at the kids school on Friday because I just can't seem to say No ! LOL ! Why does it seem I am always busier on the days I don't work ? I so need a Vacation ! 
Well didn't get cookies made today ! Or the rest of the house decorated ! luckily I'm only working a little bit tomorrow ! Cookies and decorations are on the agenda ! 
Busy day today ! Hopefully getting the rest of the Christmas lights up ! Working a few hours out in Chesterland , need to bake some \fun\ " cookies for the < PROPFEMALE > shop tomorrow and make some more bracelets to sell ! Fun Fun Fun ! I love Christmas time ! :) " 
Caitlynn's Mohican trip paid ! Now to concentrate on Christmas shopping ! Only 24 days left ! Caitlynn reminded me this morning ! LOL 
Cookies made for tomorrow ! Now to decorate them ! It's gonna be a long night ! 
Jello Shot ! 
Tastefully Simple party at my sisters tonight ! Then will probably go to Mr. B's for a bit after to < PROPFEMALE > out with some great friends ! 
I hate being public enemy # 1 with my kids but as a parent it is my job to make sure they follow the rules and do what they are supposed to do and take things away if they don't! Sorry if that upsets you but that is my job as a parent ! It's not always fun fun fun ! :( 
Change\ 
your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood ! The goal ? to \ 
notsee a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight \ 
Against Child Abuse * copy & paste to your status & invite your \ 
friends to do the same ! but don't copy the same pic . 
I love lazy Sundays ! 
Loves watching the snow fall ! I Just hate driving in it ! Come on people most of you have probably lived in the < PROPMALE > area most of your life ! You should be used to driving in crappy weather ! Why is it that the first sign of snow people for get how to drive ? It's gonna be a long winter ! 
Getting ready to watch A Christmas Story for the first of many times this Christmas 
Not looking forward to driving out to Chesterland in all this snow ! 
Loves to see the beautiful snow fall but feels that it should be limited to grass , trees , rooftops , \ 
mountains and anywhere else that you don't have to walk , drive , or \ 
shovel ! 
Busy day today ! Christmas shopping this morning , dropping < PROPFIRST > at work ( we so need another car ) going to visit my Grandma & dad in the hospital ! Grocery store to buy all my supplies for Christmas cookies ! ( making 12 different kinds this year ) I want just one day off that I don't have anything to do ! * sigh * Lets just hope the snow stays away today ! 
Having extra kids over tonight ! Always a fun time ! 
Caitlynn is all packed for Mohican ! Lets just hope they are able to go ! 
No Mohican today for the 5th graders at < PROPFEMALE > Rd ! :( They will be rescheduling . Message said to check back later today ! 
First time EVER my daughter is disappointed they have a snow day ! 
update on Mohican for all you < PROPFEMALE > Rd . parents .. trip has been rescheduled for < PROPFIRST > 10 , 2011 ! 
Not sure why they had a snow day but am enjoying having the kids home on Jaes day off ! Quality family time ! 
Finally done making the cookies for tomorrows party ! 
Had a great time at the 6th grade party today ! I can't believe how quick these years have gone ! Seems like just yesterday I was taking him to his first day of Kindergarten ! Note to parents with young children ... enjoy this time because it goes by super quick ! 
Watching White Christmas for the very first time ! 
Still need to get around to making those Christmas cookies ! Wish I wasn't working today ! 
Sitting at work with no heat ! Not a great day to have brought the kids with me ! Have I mentioned how much I dislike my job ! 
Will be finished Christmas shopping tonight ! Can't wait to be done ! Why is it the holiday season brings out the worst in some people ! 
Shopping is done ! Cookies are baked ! Presents are wrapped ! I think this is the first year I won't have to wrap everything Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wishing everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Took Caitlynn to the Orthodontist for a loose bracket and she ended up having 4 loose teeth pulled ! :( 
2011 is nearly here , but what year would you love to turn back to ? What year would you love to have all over again ? Let's see what everyone thinks , answer below 
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year ! Looking forward to an awesome 2011 and hoping the same for all of you ! 
Looking forward to a nice quiet New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! ( or at least as quiet as it can be with 4 kids in the house ) . 
Smile until it hurts , Laugh until you cry , Love like you never have been broken , Pray with faith , Live in the moment , Remember the good times , Let go of the bad ! Remember the past is behind you , look forward to the future but remember to live in the present ! You can't change the past or predict the future , the only thing you can control is right now ! Make the most of it ! 
Looking for info on fund raising for < PROPFEMALE > . She has a < PROPMALE > to go to Japan this June however the trip costs a lot of money ! Any ideas would be greatly appreciated ! Thanks ! 
I want to thank everyone for all the birthday wishes . I feel very blessed ! 
Looking forward to Friday ! 
After 10 years of working at York Comics Jaes boss decided to turn the business over to his family to run . He showed up for work today and his boss was waiting for him . He said he was retiring from his primary job in May and wanted to take the business in a different direction while keeping it in the family ! 
Just repacked Caitlynn for Mohican ! Everything fit into one big duffel bag . All I can say is it better not snow ! 
Caitlynn left for Mohican this morning . 3 days 2 nights ! She was so excited ! 
is wondering if you could pick one word to describe me , what would it be ? Answers below please ! 
Got ready to go put and snowblow my driveway only to find my neighbor had already done it ! 
Driving by the school I saw the bus pull in ! Kids are home from Mohican safe and sound ! 
If your Mom is or was your hero , Your best friend , or Just the best mom ever , If you are blessed to still have your Mom or if she is an angel in heaven , Paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom , and That you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Mom ! I love you ... my wonderful mom ! ? ? my hero my friend 
Caitlynn came home from Mohican with a fever of 100.1 , woke up this morning and it was 101.5 with a soar throat and cough ! :( 
So grateful for all the wonderful customer/friends that < PROPFIRST > has made over the years at York Comics ! Everyone has been so supportive even starting a facebook < PROPFEMALE > entitled Boycott York Comics ! It's nice to hear just how many lives he touched just by being the wonderful man that he is ! 
Caitlynn is running a fever of 102.4 ! Looks like we're making a trip to the doctor tomorrow . :( 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , the knife did it not O.J. , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . ) 
At ER with Caitlynn . My poor baby is so miserable ! :( 
Caitlynn has pneumonia . :( They treated her withIV antibiotics in the ER and sent her home with a prescription . 
It's been a busy week . I think I'll take the night off ! 
1st time in 3 days Caitlynn doesn't have a fever ! Hopefully she is on the road to recovery . Please let there be no setbacks . 
Spent the morning having breakfast and catching up with a good friend ! Spent the afternoon with < PROPFIRST > and will be spending the evening with < PROPFIRST > and the kids ! What a great day this has been ! :) 
Looking forward to spending the afternoon with one of my best friends and her beautiful daughter ! Then going to spend some time with my grandma ... Should be another great day ! 
Had a good drama free night last night with some wonderful friends ! Now to enjoy the day with the family ! 
Homemade chilli , sweet corn casserole & red < PROPFEMALE > cake for dessert ! I so can't wait for dinner tonight ! :) 
UGH ! So frustrated ! 
Such a proud Mom ! Found out yesterday that Summer got into the Cosmetology Vocational ! Way to go Summer ! 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
Dinner done , dishes finished , pj's on , so looking forward to a nice relaxing evening with my family ! 
Snow day for Parma City Schools ! Time to go back to bed ! :) 
My neighbor came and snow blowed my driveway again . I think it's time to bake him some cookies ! 
Tell me again why I wanted a snow day so bad ? 
In need of a vacation ! White < PROPFIRST > beaches , < PROPFEMALE > blue water and drinks with little umbrellas ! Who's wants to come with ? LOL 
Now this is a snow day ! Woke up at 5am checked facebook on my phone and thanks to a few status updates from some good friends I put my phone down , and went back to sleep until 9am ! LOL 
Feels so blessed to have the friends and family she has ! I do love each and every one of you ! <3 
Watami for lunch with my amazing husband ! Taking kids to Southpark today for some Pokemon event , then going to Mr. B's tonight to < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends 
Had an awesome time with wonderful friends ! What a great night ! 
Sitting at the orthodontist with Caitlynn ... an hour after her appt . time and she still hasn't been seen ! So frustrating ! 
Car got stuck in the driveway this morning ! Thought we were going to need a tow truck but thanks to my neighbors we were able to get it unstuck . I am so ready for spring ! 
My dad is having surgery today to have his pacemaker removed . Please keep him in your prayers today ! Thanks ! 
Has the most wonderful husband ! < PROPFIRST > surprised me with the NKOTB greatest hits CD ! He was going to get me tickets to the concert but found that they were $71 a piece for nose bleeds . I told him I loved NKOTB but not for that price ! LOL 
< PROPFIRST > Kong chicken ! 
Looking forward to Monday ! 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together . 
Had a wonderful weekend ! Dinner Friday at Dragon Gate with my amazing husband . Drinks and dancing with friends Friday night . Spent Saturday and Sunday with family ! Couldn't ask for a better weekend ! 
My voice is almost completely gone ! 
