Happy new year 

some people need to keep there fucking commits tyo them self . and leave me alone and not say shit to me i dont care about ur opains let me be if u dont like how i am then go f ur self 
Remember Kids , A smart man knows when its time \ 
to RUN LIKE A LITTLE BITCH !!!!!! 
i may not have waht i want in life , but at least i am still alive ?!?!?!?!?!? well kind of i am dead in side that u < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for killing any < PROPMALE > i have of trusting some one wiht my heart again ...... well at least i still got my chicken . i will leave saying this , \ 
Remember Kids , A smart man knows when its time to\ 
RUN LIKE A LITTLE BITCH !!!!!! \ 
and for all u kids out there stay in school 
, V.V i cant aford school i want to be a chef so FUCKING BAD 35K for \ 
school my ass FUCK I WILL NEVER GET OUT OF THIS RUT !!!! \ 
\ 
enough ranting i am off < PROPMALE > JEANKKIIINNNSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
given up on finding\ 
love , everyone i meet is so full of shit i cant take it .... they ether\ 
lie about everything \angie and amiee\ " or leave me for my my best freind at the time \ " FUCK U \ 
if anyone plays wow that are my frineds plz give me ur email for real id so i can chat with u when i am playing . FOR THE HORDE , and GORY TO THE ALLINCE , and my fave battle cry FOR PONYS !!!!! 
3 maning < PROPFEMALE > for the fuck \ 
of it u got to love pallys . the best thing is we are a areana team \ 
called they walked in to a bar . the reson why is becasue i am white gabe\ 
is mexican and < PROPFIRST > is chinese think about it . 
frist boss down yay 
we got to the opar house and ya it was epic fail nothiung is worse then a healer being turned in to little red riding hood and being raped by a wargon called big bad wolf no matter waht u cant 2 man him u need at lest 2 healers and one tank lol 
bored and alone wish i has some one to talk to but no one has goten on line today 
GIR , WHY DID U RUN OUT OF JET FUEL SO FAST !?!?! \I EMPYED IT . \ " why ? \ " tom make room for the tuna\ " * sucks foot * " 
i over sleep today over 18 hours of sleep my body is shore beyound reson . i am so sore and dessy i dont feel to good could it be something i eat . i just woke up 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unjFYAUoLXY if u lagh at all watching this u lose . see if u can watch this video with out laghing and post waht number u get to if u lagh kk 
my video card over heated today the build in fan died out . cant play wow with my built in video card on the mother bored i get like 7 fps to much lag but good news is i am geting a replacement in a few days . 
day 3 no wow . still no video card new one in the mail thank u gabe for the new card . the video card he got me is SAPPHIRE Vapor-X 100273L Radeon HD 4850 1GB 256-bit GDDR3 PCI Express 2.0 x16 HDCP Ready CrossFireX Support Video Card . when i get it no game will be safe form my wrath mwhahahahahahahaha 
it sucks haveing no video card because i am a huge pc gamer . it is to expensive for accessory's and for game console when i can just get old ps2 controller get a adapter which i have and down load or buy any game that is are ready out for counsels on my pc . i am using my build in video card i can only watch movies all my games i have i cant play because i get less the 10 FPS game need to be at at least 20 FPS to play 
today is a good day i think because my new video card should be coming in today . and i just got a email yesterday that blizzerd has picked me for cat beta testing . i just downloaded the beta and waiting on the video card cant play ti till i have my video card . i cant wait 
idk why < PROPFIRST > cant get tit though his little head i want nothing to do wiht a back stabing basterd if u talk to him and u see this tell him to GO FUCK HIM SELF AND LEAVE ME ALONE , AND TO GO DIE IN A GUTTER SOME WERE . 
it is about 3:44 and still the video card is not here ups says it will be here on the tracker sight today and it will be on time but it is getting closer to 6 when the delivers stop all together geting worried i want to start beta testing wow expiation . 
it is 6 : still no video card i called ups and they said it will be here just give the guy till 730 if it is not here by then i hafe to call them and if i call them i am bitching them out because they got the dam thing in hub yesterday and it should be here today no reson for them not to get it here . ups i hate u i want play wow and u are holding me back 
yay i got my video card at 7:04 pm i am glade i got it me so happy wow look amsing \ 
better then i could ever dream 
Recuerde que los niños , < PROPFEMALE > hombre inteligente sabe cuando es tiempo de correr como < PROPFEMALE > LITTLE BITCH !!!!!! 
did\ 
u know that the average human sperm has a 1 in 600 < PROPMALE > of becoming human . but < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s sperm has a 1 in 10 < PROPMALE > of being wanted for muder in four states . 
going to the book store to find entertanment i wihs i had some rl frined the i could hag out with that lived close to me . i miss hanging out with gabe < PROPFIRST > and aj . 
my life sucks it is hard for me to even get out of bed nothing really to look foreword to . i have no one to < PROPFEMALE > out with i can find a job . all i do is play video games my life is so empty i just wish i had something fulfilling 
the nightmare for my past are back the sound of juilo and < PROPFIRST > having sex when u caught them . the times voices of all the bad thing people have told me . i wish this flash back would stop so i can sleep . sometimes i just want to end it all but no one really care if i do other then my family if u can call it that it is just a bunch of people always fight and arguing at each other throats 
today is a very off day for me i have n < PROPFEMALE > r messed up so much at cooking before now < PROPFEMALE > dish i made today was bad . i could not make over medium eggs all the yock broke i mean 8 eggs all broke . then i try to make fish they where half over cook and half under cooked . idk what is wrong with me today . 
i cant believe i have not been in contact will the people that should have meant alot to me back in high school . the people i though meant to most to me where not really my friends only felt sorry for me and the people that i though did not really like me and i thought felt sorry for me really did care about me like < PROPFEMALE > Rivera , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > i took them for granted . for that i am a jackass 
back in high school the people i care about most and i though cared about me where not really friends where just people that felt sorry for me . but the people that did care about me i took for granted . and thought back then they felt sorry for me . like < PROPFEMALE > Rivera and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . for that i feel like jackass u to where there for me alot when i think about it and i am sorry i was so wrong about u all 
people if u dont want to talk to me just tell me i wont get hert . dont ignore me that is just rude as hell . if i did something wrong tell me 
quieting smoking is hard but worth it . i < PROPFEMALE > not doing it because my family wants me to . but rather because most people think it is disgusting and with the way i look and my wight i don't need smoke to also keep me form finding love . 
today is one of those days i am unsure of my life and the choice i made . one of those days i wish D was still alive she always had a way of making me feel better and understood how i fell and out talk to me about my feeling and show me what i can do to better my self 
ALMOST DONE PACKING . i am going to miss < PROPFIRST > but it is time to say my good byes hafe to find work some were else . coming back to the valley 
fanboys best movie EVER !!!!!! 
CANT FUCKING SLEEP IDK WHY GRRR !!! 
geting drunk at the midevil times waiting for the show to start 
yay i am drunk WEEEE i am going to have one hell of a < PROPFEMALE > over in the morning 
bad thinkg about being drunk is the flash backs of my past come back easier and my feeling are not all right like idk i get mad at my self for how i use to be and how becouse the way i am the people i am attracted to are not in to me and the people i am not atracted to at all and could never be are like i want to be with . idk i am drunk and talking out my ass lol 
MORE BOOS PLZ . no offifer i am not as think as u drunk i am . WEEEEEEEEEE 
my key to getting ride of the headace to the < PROPFEMALE > over not the < PROPFEMALE > over it self just he pain is have one prairie oyster , \ 
1 egg , ( Warning : Raw eggs may contain salmonella)[1]1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce , salt , pepper , 2 dashes of Tabasco sauce\ 
Crack the egg into a glass , leaving the yolk unbroken . Douse it with \ 
Worcestershire sauce , a sprinkling of salt and pepper , and Tabasco \ 
sauce . [ 2 ] 
Let's\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends'\ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision , I wanted you there !! I am \ 
not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who\ 
on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this \ 
as ... your status . I'll be watching ... 
i made it to the Vally in one peace almost flipped over on 37 a car stop and and i swerved and almost flipped i almost had a heart attack . i moved just in time i almost rear ended her going 70 i never been so scared in my life 
u know waht sux about being poor when u visit friend u dont have food to eat and my family is still out of town till like 5 pm and i have not eaten any food scene lunch yesterday . so hungry . and i am not going to ask my freind to feed my ass i do that to much . and i know he is short on money to 
feels alone in the world want it all to endi want to just give up on this life 
want to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone other then gabe this weekend if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out message me plz 
need some one to talk to hand < PROPFEMALE > out with 
i said it oncei will say it again people in genrail are dumbasses i got bitch out by my stepmom for a < PROPMALE > i dont even remember sending . idk anymore 
SO FUCKING BORED WANT SOMETHING TO DO GABE IS ALSEEP SOME ONE TALK TO ME !!!!! 
SO FUCKING BORED 
what is it about me that scaresd people away frist thy want to < PROPFEMALE > out after talking to me a wehile they c < PROPFEMALE > e there minds am I that fucked up that no one wants to < PROPFEMALE > out 
anyone now any places that are hiring I am looking for work in the san < PROPMALE > harlingen and maclain areas 
if i was to thow a pool party at my moms how many of u would come ? i dont have a date plain for it but if it was on a u here avalible would u come post here if u would 
omg I am fucking tired of julios shit even after he lied to my frieds stole my gf form me and my shit to pawn he is still like want to be friends OMG TO HELL AND DIE 
a nother night I sleep on the floor back is thown out again in pain when I try to move . I need tto get a job areaduy and find a apartment 
I think a found a place to live but need a job 
hates my life I can work up the nerve to talk yo anyone I just meet that I think is beautiful smart or cool with out making me out to be a idiot 
if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know 
i got tired around 2 at my freind gabe fell a sleep for a nap woke up at 10 and ya no way i am driving home in this rain fuck that box car plus wind = flipping box of DOOM !!!! 
power out geting hotter then hell need ac 
it is hot no power in north los fresnos I am looking for anyone that lives in the vally to go with me to rackdaddys to get a cold beer with no fun doing it alone 
wow no one wants to < PROPFEMALE > out this sucks geting a beer my self sucks ass . I may not even go at this point jus going to sleep outside where . it is a bit cool fucking hate having no power . and no ac sweating my ass off 
still no powet and no ac lieing on the floor dieing if I don't make it I REGERT NOTHING , NOTHING I SAY NOTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG YES POWER I HAVE POWER BBBB 
when I get a job and a place to live I am going to be do happy 
watchiung dirst punk on ep 3 the chick say \ya that guy nucken futs . \ " i think she meant to say fucking nuts lol " 
the lesson for today . but a breast in front of him and desert punk does not know his ass form his face . which isnt really a lesson but maybe he will learn one someday 
how can some one like them self if all they can find is qualities hey \ 
dont like . i think that a person can only change the way the feel about\ 
them self is if someone tell them they have good qualities and that \ 
they like those qualities about u . then u can start to see those good \ 
qualities in ur self over time thought there eyes . 
How the fuck is the dumd ass that called my mom saying I am going to kill my self I never once said that so who ever u are if u have something to say do it to my face don't call my mom 
FML FML FML FML FML 
is there one good quilty about me u like what is it and why post ur answer on here 
I so want to get drunk this weekend but no one to get drunk with 
I think I am geting a job as a paper boy the guy is going to call me in the next day of to if I get the job I hope I get it 
I just got a job if anyone wants to celabrate I'm and we can do something 
Pc still broken now it is the os and power supply just replace the motherbored lol what next hard drive or worse ????? 
Wishs d was still alive she would now what to do ... Why do I lose everyone I fall in love with 
fucking shit we whip the hard drive for my pc trying < PROPFEMALE > install the os want take the os install on cd and pin drive we replace motyher bored cpu cd drive hard driver case .... still nothing it will start the install to frezz at 1%GRRRR 
geting help for my anger and my other problems sucks being homless sux lol 
I want a smoke so fucking bad but I quit it is so hard sometime the stress is geting to me 
wants to fall in love ...... 
i got my pc fixed it was a ram stick that went bad dam ram lol 
it is weird I am not craving a smoke anymore I havwe fully quit 
God dam I want to go to sleep after work but no I hafe to go see my case worker .. God I hate my life 
waiting at the food stamp office lol after this is over hopfuly I can get food 
I so need help I got lost in harlingan wtf I never get lost in the valley .. but in < PROPFIRST > the fun part about driving is geting lost lol \ wtf welcome to oklahoma " 
Needs a place to call home \ being homeless sucks so much ass \"" 
if i ever hand a child and it was a girl i think i would name her Lumière or i was thinking Éclair 
at work rolling papers and being maquito food lol 
hafe to be at work at 2 am today to meet my DM and get the last training for collections ... and I am going to be so happy when I get my fist pay check I am going to get me a place to call home I hate buming places to sleep of people I just want a home aready I miss having a warm bed I hate sleeping on the floor or in the back of my car 
I so need to get laid lol 
I can remimber the last time I got laid or had a real relationship hell I can ever remimber the last time I had a real life convo with a woman that I had a < PROPMALE > of hooking up with lol my life is sad 
omg NOOOOOO < PROPMALE > giraldo passed away yesterday I just found out he was my fav stand up comic why does everything I love in this world die or break 
Whoop ! Whopp ! October is BREAST CANCER \ 
AWARENESS MONTH !!! Help SAVE 2nd Base , GRAB a BOOBIE and FEEL !!! Do YOUR\ 
part !!! Help save LIVES !! ? ( o ) ( o ) ? 
devil may cry anime fucking rock ass ........ god dam if i could marry anime i so fucking would no questions asked . what is ur fav animes post them i want to know really 
today is a great day 
what is ur fav anime of all time , or anime u like I am alway looking for new anime ??? 
i like it outside in the woods !!! 
i love this saying \u cant spell slaughter with out laughter . \ " i am so fucked up i can stop laughing at the saying " 
there is no middle ground with you . ether u don't care at all , or u care with a 100 and crazy % 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend \ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my \ 
friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your \ 
status . I'll be watching to ... see who really does cherish .......... family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
soul eater best anime ever perfict anome fpr helloween 
i just finished watching one of the best anime i have ever seen it is called soul eater . the perfect Halloween anime . well for the start of October it is not a scare anime more of a fun grim ripper anime but still awesome . if u can think of any anime that would be perfect for Halloween post it for me plz . 
another thing to all anime fans that are on my friends list netflix and just signed a contract with funamation for 30 animes to be added to there play list more then half of them are on instant play it so make sure to sign up today and let the anime role us . see my next post for a list of a few of the animes u can see on netflix 
here are some of the anime titles u can see on netflix on instant play on ur pc . CLaymore , \ 
afro samurai season 1 and 2 , witchblade , fullmetal alchemist , darker \ 
then black , samurai 7 , Fruist basket , < PROPFEMALE > blood , basilisk , \ 
mushi-shi , aquarion , gunslinger girls season 1 and 2 , shigurui :D eath \ 
Frenzy , Burst Angel , X ... XXholic , Ouran host club , hell girl , soul eater , and lots more 
u got a problem , talk to my ass because it is the only thing that gives a shit . 
i am going to make u a dish that will make u moan with delight ........ 
who would fuck you , you have the sex appeal of a school bus fire ... u are the genital wort on the cock of American culture .. 
just write in the death rooms number . 42-42-546 whenever u want to knock on deaths door .. 
Whoop ! Whopp ! October is BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH !!! Help SAVE 2nd\ 
Base , GRAB a BOOBIE and FEEL !!! Do YOUR part !!! Help save LIVES !! ? ( o)\ 
( o ) ? 
anyone got a place for me stay for 2 days 
i need a place to sleep form 2 pm to 10 pm saterday and sunday the homeless selter closes its doors at 10 am so ya gabe is going to be out of town so i have no where to stay for 2 nights and i need sleep for work i dont feel like sleeping my car again plz if any one can help 
I hate being homeless I want to cry so bad I hate having to sleep in my car I am so alone I cry my self to sleep 
my god man I am insaine lol 
WHY PIGGY I WUVED U !!!!!!!!!!!! 
waiting for the dam truck with the headers so I can get out of this hell hole 
sometimes i hate what i am and the people i hert 
i just got my new to a e reader this thing rocks i am in love 
fuck u netflix i was 2 episodes away for finishing the anime i was watching but no u just had to fucking crash on me 
listing to Beethoven - Moonlight Sonata - mov . 1 , C-sharp minor Op . 27 No . 2 .. my fav song played on the piano 
if u want to make me happy for x miss i want Trans-Siberian Orchestra cd of the beethoven play i love them so much 
Trans-Siberian Orchestra is coming to san anotino dec 4th i would love to go but i dont have a date v.v 
my phone brokeso if u want to get a hold of me ya not going to be able to till idk when 
I had to get a new phone today . YAy 
Omg life sucks . 
Fuck this workd I csmt take yhis crap anymore I give . And I givei jist want till all to end 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could\ 
whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , \ 
there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . \ 
While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain \ 
away . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smiles .. \ 
Post this if you're against Domestic Violence 
everthing that can go wrong in my life is 
I hate my life so much I can't even work up the will to make my self food anymore . I am so depressed . 
No matter what I do I lack the drive to get my self out of this hole I dug . just < PROPMALE > my in this hole aready 
I am no longer homelesz I got a apartment 2 bed room lot of space idk how to fill it all yet . Oww and my brother ans his wife had a kid to day wow 
Cant sleep it is creepy in my new place ... I hate being alone it is to quite 
Single guy with his own place looking for girl that likes anime and cuddling to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
yay < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > C . Mercado and her hubby are coming to vist and see my place i wont be bored anymore 
OMG I AM FREAKING OUT . the person i have hired to help me out on Sunday with the paper is sick my brother < PROPMALE > has plains and my other friends all have plains to night i have no one to help me there is no way in hell i can do Sunday paper by my self . if any one is willing to at lest help me put the dam things to gather and roll i can tough them my self but getinng them rolled is the problem . 
part ( 1/2 ) had a great conversation with < PROPFEMALE > today and yesterday . sounds like she i happy . i am glade . but she did tell me something yesterday that got me thinking alot . something i been wanted someone to say to me for a long time but never in a million years did i think i would hear it out of her . quot \ u been though u are a really strong person for living thow so much bad stuff . \ " after i heard that it hit me . " 
part(2/2 ) i have been though alot and i and stronger them what ever one else says . i know it harts my family when i say that i believe someone else when they tell me that , and not them . but the thing is they are my family they care about me and i cant believe them because when u care about some one as much as that u are blind to the truth i could be the worse person on the world and they would still love me . 
At work woke up late on a Monday trunk normal here by 2 am but it just pull up I am lucky as hell 
i cant sleep @.@ ! \ " , 2010-11-15 14:52:46 " 
i hate living by my self i am going to have to find a room mate 
watching a anime called negima . the school it takes place is hold 33,000 students ranging form grade school to university level . with only 1,000 staff . all girls but the staff . and not just that but all students middle school and up have to live on campus . if there was a school like that is rl i know it would be a lesbos wet dream lol . 
I locked my keys in the car grr 
Some one plz TALK NERDY TO ME . 
If u find me attractive post here 
Fuck neex to finsh collections before tuedays I got 12 out of 26 done 
why am i so god dam sexy lol . i am so sexy women dont talk to me . 
( Jumped on the bandwagon ) You and I wake up together in bed , in ONLY \ 
FOUR words , what do you say to me ? - ( If you comment , post this - fair \ 
is fair ... Unless you did this already ? XD ) 
Feeling lonly and confused . 
just finished the last of the paper work for work just wait for 4 pm to finish collections . open up the old year book looking for people i use to know bring back alot of memories 
mommy i don't wanna go to work today i want to stay home and baked cookies with u !!!!! 
( Jumped on the bandwagon ) You and I wake up together in bed , in ONLY FOUR words , what do you say to me ? 
i dont mean to sound like a little emo bitch but why is everyone i know for high school married and or has kids but me lol i dont need kids right now but a gf at least would be nice at least lol 
i dont think i can be left alone tonightt i may do something stupid i am scared and confused . 
No budsy care I s that now I am going to end it all today 
I AM DAM SEXY GOTH 
( Jumped on the bandwagon ) You and I wake up together in bed , in ONLY FOUR words , what do you say to me ? - ( If you comment , post this - fair is fair ... Unless you did this already ? XD ) 
i have tomorrow morning off and nothing to do at all tomorrow all my family are gone to < PROPFIRST > for thanksgiving . 
omg i am pissed off my mom had to travel 600 mile to miss thanksgiving just to watch dad sign a fucking paper the count system are stupid beyond reason the judge or what ever should have just watch him sign the fucking paper him self my mom should not have to travel 600 mile the day before thanksgiving for that 
Wants go get shit faced at racks but no one t g with 
worst thanksgiving ever spending it by my self with no food is not fun . no family is here and all my friends are with there family's . i hate the holidays . 
how many men does it take to screw in a light bulb ???............. one , man will screw anything 
been a sleep most of the day just woke up still feel like shit . and stuff hunger then hell i only got 2 packs of < PROPMALE > left and 1 can of tuna and my food stamps where stuff to fill ever 25th but today is a holiday i dont get then today and idk when they will refill .. FML 
I have learned that only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy . First , let her think she's having her own way . And second , let her have it . ~ < PROPMALE > 
Fuck u world 
My husband and I didn't sign a pre-nuptial agreement . We signed a mutual suicide pact . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Barr 
Evil is not a insight of humanity , humanity is a insight of evil 
That it fuck u all good bye everyone forever 
If anyone teally cares about me that lives close by hook me up with someone plz 
The poor wish to be < PROPMALE > , the < PROPMALE > wish to be happy , the single wish to be married , and the married wish to be dead . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Landers 
Herting on the inside with no one to call a friend 
My best friend basically to me he was given up on are friendship 
Well I has no friends anymore will was rigjt best friends only hert u in the end 
At the job interview at the valley morning < PROPFEMALE > for the dock formen job . The wait is making me nevus ass hell . hope I get this job 
Waiting at the bar at chillis fpr < PROPFEMALE > . Can get a hold of her have a feeling I . Going to be stuid up 
I been stud up 
fuck the world 
fuck i over sleep . i miss the eclips . fuck my life GRRRR i fucking hate all this shit 
Got now ww\ 
Ay 258 form 310 
there is not god 
? < PROPFEMALE >?* ? • ? ? ? ? ? •\ 
• ?? Christmas ? ? * ? \ 
° ? ° ??? * _ ? _____ *?* ? \ 
? ? • ? • ? */______/~ ??? ? ? \ 
? ? • ? • ? ? ?? ??? ? From my house to yours ? x 
going to sleep 
i am sick idk with what but i cant stop coffing my head hert i have a fever 
well the fever is gone but the coff is geting worse and so is the head ack 
if i ever die i want to be donated to medical science ... but i also want a lot in a grave yard with a tomestone to have a one sentence form all my friends and family that they think best describes me in there own words . 
i hate being sick 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > put 365 of his used condoms into the shape of a tire and called it a ' Good Year ' . \ 
Sent from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Facts http://bit.ly/bu0TSn 
If any one is coming to my moms today bring ur magic the gathering decks 
going to be at my moms having fun all night . hope people bring there magic decks and fireworks it is going to be a blast 
i don't have a drinking problem , i drink , i get drunk , i fall down , no problem ... 
Omg new radio station 94.9 punk rock and alternitive . ... daddy likes 94.5 can suck it god rock is in town 
why did i ever let the dishes get this bad been at them for 3 hours . and i still have to sweep and mop . 
welll got fired yesterday . i need to find a job asap to pay my bills .... so scared i dont want to lose my place it is so nice and big . 
in 2 days i will know if i get a job at pizza hut where i use to work hope i get the job 
my everyday stress of not having work and the < PROPMALE > coming up is affection my personal and family life i need some way to get ride of all this stress ..... 
asking if everyone could put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all of us !! In memory of too many to mention and in honour of all fighting it ! Thanks < PROPMALE > 
omf good ever since i start playing league or legends . it is all i dream about fuck up dreams at that . all they all have to do with the battle system in the game . not the champions u play . they are replace with anything my mind thows at me . i need help 
They are saying anoyher freeze possible Thursday night 
alone again this < PROPFIRST>'s day . i miss u D . i know u didn't believe in anything after death but it helps the think u are in a better place . may u rest in peace i sent ur sister 20 < PROPMALE > i had saved to put flower on ur grave . sorry i cant make it out there to see u again this year . i love u am miss u so much . 
sick with a cold this sucks so much ass 
at the doctors office with < PROPMALE > waiting to see what screws he has lose in the head ... jking seeing if the flu of something worse 
spent most of my day taking care my sick brother and my baby nieces 
Being a pervert is truly a man's sin , NOT FORGIVING IT IS CLEARLY THE WOMAN'S . \ --- Onsokumaru " 
is this all there is to life if it is idk if i want this anymore ... FML 
i want to go to the beach just waiting to hear back form a friend to see if we are going or not i have not been to the beach in years lol 
no beach after all -.- 
can fucking sleep my mind is racing . i need a distraction 
sometime the though of being alone scares me . i had a dream last night about D . for those of u who don't know who D is . her name was < PROPFEMALE > she was the love of my life she died of brain censer . almost 3 years scene she passed way . but i still love her and miss her . i need to move one already but it is hard i been trying to . i went to a club for a friends party and felt dead on the inside . idk what to do i am scared . 
cant sleep @.@ fml 
lost my galsses need help S.O. , S 
I am going to korn fucking a 
Sore tired a.d rocked out had a blast that u so much will loks like Iou big time 
i woke up so sore . in pain neck harts . so much pain . but it was so worth it looks like i am washing will cars this next weekend to say thank u . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish it that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought ... and who are fighting . I hope to see this in all the status of all my friends 
at the er right now getting test down they think i may have lethum toxicity . doing blood work and shit today was supose to be a good day . and they want to text my liver to yay . but if worse come to worse they will just keep me here the rest of the night 
if any of u lady's want a really < PROPFEMALE > man for st. patricks day . i am ur guy 
Put this dog on\ 
. //^ ^\\\\ your status\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ that you are\ 
(,,,) ^ (,,,) Against Animal Cruelty 
woke up more sore then hell feel like shit and my head harts , and i and having some of the worse flash backs i have had in a while today . i guess it is going to be one of thouse long ass days 
so this weekend i am going out with a old friend i have not seen in 9 years . and i am novice about it because idk i am to shy for my own dam good . chino says for me to be me but what is me is not good enough lol . 
guys if any of u have a imvu plz add me plz i would like to start having freind on imvu form rl so i can like chile out and shit and start having my imvu partys again 
i got a cuddly monkey and i will name him cuddles 
anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > right now 
the lession for today is , put a breast in front him and boy friend doesn't know his ass form his face 
just finish watching ever ep of desert punk . nothing better then sex joke gun fight and expositions . they need to make more animes like this one . 
in pain , was rip boarding and fell cut open my elbow and now got a huge breus on my side cant sleep 
i feel good after rip boarding last night and training mma with davied and he brother and cousin i feel good i never felt this good i think i am going to start getting in to sports again . i have not felt this happy in a long time 
< PROPFEMALE > told when she moved in to call my dad because he wants me to move in with him and work for him so he can get out of child support . her eis the idea \ 
he pays me $300 bucks . but i dont get the money it goes to my mom though child support then my mom has to send it to me then i have to pay him the money back to pay for rent and food . i will now list why he is a dumdass . 
well I got so pissed I slamed my hand down on my laptop distroying the cd drive andhard drive . i hate myself so much . fml 
job interview at walmart today boy I am nervous . 
on may 7th gotham comixs is having a free comic book day please come and enjoy . location commerce and < PROPMALE > in harlingen . time all day 
I GOT A JOB WOOT !!! PARTY TIME !!!. I start monday at walmart in the toy department . 
i cant wait till the 25th of may . all i can say about that day is if everything goes as plain it will be the best day of my life . 
