i hate when my ex 23 yr old girlfriend acts like a hole 

sitting in class takeing a break 
one hour and i get to get high 
so whats peeps its a start of a new week so back in school just got here was running a little late good way to start off my week atleast i got pills 
f**k the saints 
whats up peeps finely made it to school this week i took two days off well time to do some work 
almost 10:00 am im in school 2 hrs left thank god frist day of morning class and it sucks just heard that that snitch ass bitch that snitch on us is dead so that is good anyway 
school is almost over its been a boaring day 
the 420 party was great im so < PROPMALE > over at school though 
runing a red light 
happy may 5th every one 
at school 45 < PROPFEMALE > left 
two more days of school and its over just finshed my first resume i have ever had i start my exturnship on the 24th i got to say im pretty happy with my self 
last day of school we r leaveing to corsicana after school to day to get car inspected and so leilas dad can halp her get some thing to wear for interviews i have no idea what im gona do for something to wear but i wont let that get me down some how it will all workout i made it this far 
morning folks its so peaceful in the mornings up here and its about 20 degrees cooler too . 
i am a cofindent man , and there is no doubt that i < PROPFEMALE > my self like a man who belneives that i know what is what . i have not betrayed a hint of uncertainty or slef-doubt , but the line between confidence and arrogance is also < PROPFIRST > fine one 
Chillen w/nolen about to Smoke some dro 
Up late cant sleep with out < PROPFEMALE > I can not wait 4 her to come home 
Mornin good folks of planet earth ...... Im getting up and headed to work its clood out and im rideing bike to day but none of that matters yesterday my baby said she was comming back 4 good . 
No she just realized she loves me to much to b away 
Life is curl it neve stops beating u the more I try the more I get beat the fuck up the only thing that has ever made taking all the blows life has to give make since is not here Im begining to think all that life has dealt me in the pass was perphering me 4 wuts to come I wonder how much more I got in me 
Im watching my name is < PROPMALE > then going to bed got to get up and pretend life has a porpose 
DOUBLES !!! Oh well its work 
About to go on the floor trying to make some money today 
About head in to work got to make that cash suxs I got to ride a bike 
I got to work an they did not need me now nothing to do but sit an hurt . Shes all I can think of . I miss her so bad I can not breath . The emiptyness in inside me is so deep and wide that I dont no how im holding it together 
Up late as use'll cant keep here out of my mind every breath I take is hers dream I have is centered around her yet I lay here alone I just have to have faith that shes coming back that she will start making the rigth decesions 
I am about to leave 4 work I quit smokeing to day so day 1 here we go 
Sometime my thinking is out of control as much as I like to think I got it in check I end up letting my thinking get in the way that is some thing I need to work on 
To day is my day off the one day I can sleep in an I wake up @ 6:30 am 
FUCK IT !!! Im going out 
I hate life ! u think u r doing every thing u can to make it better , then out of no were u find out , all u have done is fail . the more I try the worse it kicks me . All im asking 4 is a < PROPMALE > . 
Trust me I kno life is hard . Ive had a rough one but I always figured life is wut u make it but now I no that is not true I have been working my ass off to make a better life and its still worth less the only thing anyone can count on is if we dont die n r sleep we will wake up and have to live another day . 
Oh shit I for got he-man was on 
I been talking about how bad life is but u kno all it realy is ppl sux this is notsomething im jus figuring out ive known this . The only person that I have to live wit is my self imthe only person I have to wake up to . U cant count on anyone to b there . So as long as I can live wit my self all will b good besides wut im going through I like who I am . I jus need toget over my pain let the ppl that drag me donw go 
30 < PROPFEMALE > late to work and every thing is done so im sitting at bar smokeing a kool 
Made it to work early 
@ the < PROPFEMALE > , hard rocknite , drinking $1 drafts 
Watching crimenal minds 
Friday is jus anoher day of work . Atleast I dont go in till 4 . For now I im about to watch juge mathis 
< PROPFEMALE > howell is a sult that fuckings been playing me like a love sick fool I sent her money because the the stupid fukin bitch told was talking to me telling me we were going to stay together and move back in together in feb . Now the fat ass pease of shit is off fucking some one else the day she picked up the money I wish nothing but evil things for her death would b a blessing 
Not so good morning im going to cut leilas ph off this am . And truly start this life w/ out her . 
Ok to day erace the fucking cunt from my life not my heart thats gona be awhile 
Getting drunk w/ my fam . Trying to 4 get 4 a little while its not working so far 
At applebees chillen watching ufc with my friends this is wut I need 
About to get ready 4 work im glade I have this job r other wise I would lay in bed thinking about her all day . :-( 
Just getting off work I have to go home now an face the lonlyness in my life . Atleast the amazing race comes on tonight . Then I can catch some fox sunday line up 
Well ppl to day has been alot easyer then I figured it would b . Dont get me wrongits been hard . But bearable yesterday I could bearly breath . Makes me think this wont b as lond and hard as I thought . On a good note I quit smokeing again to day . Have not had one since this last night . Last time I quit 4 a month . I only started again cuz < PROPFEMALE > started stressing me out and through prayer I am getting through all this . 
Ok and with a lot of anger too ! : - ! 
Well mornin ppl im off work today . Need to clean my room . let u kno how that goes . I need to do some thing . So I just dont lie in bed all day I might go get drunk who kno . 
Watchen mathis 
Well ppl I have not had a cig in 2days and its not bothering me at all . Thier were afew rough points . I dont want to go in to it and im sure u dont want me to either . Hell , im starting 2 make my self sick . But I think I have found some peace in the end 
About an hour till the cowboys come on 
Alite lets go cowboys !!! 
Well ppl today was a strang day . Its had some big ups and downs . Some That I did not c coming . I have a lot to think about . But 4 the first time in awhile . Im not dreading it . im trusting in god to help guide me and I still have not smoked day 2 goodnight . I might 4 the first time in awhile :-) 
I hate nights that I cant sleep . Mybed is so lonly now . :-( I do have some good news . I have rekindled a friendship that I once was sure I had lost 4 ever . The lord works in so many way that I cant keep track of it all . 
Mornin ppl . Well , time 2 c were the strangeness of 2 day will take me . In my 35 yrs . I have done a lot and seen alot . More then ppl should have to in some cases . Then why am I feelin I have done and seen nohting ? Well , today im gona try n force my self from the slomp im in . 4 1 im finely gona cleane my room . I dont think im stronge enough to pac her shit up yet . Thats gona have to wait . 
I hate sitting home alone . As good as im finly handleing all this stuff going in my life . The lonelyness still a little to much 4 me , rite now ! 
I dont uselly ever watch glee as a matter of fact . I have never watched it . But 2nite the < PROPMALE > horror glee show comes on . I think im gona watch it . Then rasin hope . God I need a life . 
Well , ppl its been 3 days now without a cig . But I knew I could do that . Wut gots me suprised is how well im doing with all that I been going through . today 4 the first time . Im not that up set she is gone . Im excited to start this new life . I am little scared . But I have fath in the ppl I have around me . And god to guide me . Every day he's makeing the path more visible to me . Have good nite . I actutly will 2nite 
Great morning to u ppl . Today promises to b a great one . I think im alittle sick throwt sore . And my noise is stuff . But not even that will bring me down to day . :-) 
Got to work early as usell every thing is done already im jus waiting 4 them 2 open 
Well , im off work . Wondering wut crazyness this life we all share is gona send my way . Wut ever it is im ready . And if nothing happens then I will b thankful 4 the break . Eithe way . I feel more alive then I have in years . In away I owe it 2 < PROPFEMALE > 4 being the biggest pease of shit in the world 
well i lost my phone being drunk oh well i wll have a new one in a few day so am about to b out the loop 4 a few days oh well later ppl 
funny how we think wut we want most n life turns out 2 b the 1 thing that destroys the very foundation it was built on . when startin 2 pick up the pieces u start 2 grasp at things that will make since of it all . my problem is i have no idea were 2 start . i will just trust n god 2 show me the way and n my self 2 not b blind 2 it . thankfully i have good ppl left n my life old n new even the 1 that just came back n 2 it 
well ppl i just realized that my ol ph still got internet so im back on facebook nothings changed im still going through the worst tthing i have ever gone through an anyone that kno me kno i been through alot but shes picking up her shit wed and she will b out of my life maybe someday i will b able 2 start healing 
i get my phone bac in a few days yea . my other phones internet astoped working still haveing to use my cuzs internet 
Hanging wit friends going to mall then galveston . Im talking beach house ppl 
Almost to g-town some place called the spot 
Im at the lone < PROPFEMALE > rally 
Woke up thinking I I was running late now im at work early cuz time change 
My phone is out of comisson 4 time being have to talk to through facebook 
So I have come to realize @ somepoint last night I must have feel and busted my head it must have been when I got home but I dont remember 
Chili < PROPMALE > as hot meal yum 
My life is so boaring . All I do is lay here an watch tv I need to get out more 
Im playing cards drinking < PROPMALE > beam 
Morning ppl . Time 4 me to get ready 4 work 
Well ppl I got the day off . Not like I need it . Still have not paid my phone < PROPMALE > , oh well . Im problely gona get drunk . :-) 
At applebees drinking long islands & eating some boneless bbq wings ;-/ 
Back at home now . Wow wow ( doggie ) movies with my nieice 
Watching iron man 2 
Ironman 2 was pretty bad ass . Now im waiting on survivor . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > hex . Should b In bed asleep got to get up early 4 work 
Night ppl 7:30 comes early . U r all in my prayers 
Morning ppl & 2 all vets have a great day . U can eat 4 free at applebees we open at 10 to day 
Ok off to work I go ! 
Im at home now . No matter how upset I am my nieice's all ways put a smile on my face 
Watching push trying keep my head were it needs to b 
Just watched lostboys the thirst it sucked of cours sleepy trying to stay up a few more hours got 2 get up at 6 am . But still 2 early 4 bed 
I got my phone back on 
Thats it 4 me ppl good nite u are all in my prayers . I will contenue to pray and have not stoped praying for the one of u that needs it most rite now stay strong . No matter how I feel . Rite now I dont want no harm to come to u 
Well ppl im up earlyer . Then I needed to b . Oh well , its gona b a long day . Hope u all have blessed day . 
At tig . 7th in line . 
To day was not agood adventure 4 me 
Morning ppl got to get up 4 work . Its been a long weekend . 
Why is there nothing on tv this time of morning im watcning girls modle wadding dresses . 
Off work gona hit up micky d's 
3+3 & a mc rib baby 
How bout them cowboys 
Cowboys cowboys cowboys cowboys cowboys cowboys 
Drinking < PROPMALE > beam watching cowboys game 
Amazing race tjme 
Family guy 
< PROPMALE > , it took an awful lot but I whiped my but with it . 
Free tacos every jack-n- crack 
Well ppl , im fucked up . To much < PROPMALE > beam . Peace out . Love u . And u no I love u . 
Morning ppl . How is everyone to day ? No work 4 me , so im probley gona do nothing all day . 
A couple of cets , wake&bake , & judge mathis ;-) 
Wut ppl want and wut ppl deserve r 2 very diffrent things . 
No more red light camras , hell yea 
Today I am weak , but not as weak as yesterday . 2mro . I will b stronger . Hopefuly , 1 day the healing will begin . 
Awww . I feel so old its 9 something and im ready for bed . 
Sidewalk < PROPMALE > show this weekend . Im thinking of going 
Alite ppl good nite as usell u r all in my prayers . 
Morning ppl . Off agin to day . Nothing to do might as well clean my room . Sometime 2 day 
Wake and bake 
My life is missing diriction . Everyone is serching 4 some kinda meaning . If I put alittle direction in my life the meaning will come 
Free tacos at jack-n-the box 2 day 
Facebook is dead to night 
Watching raising hope . Watching nieice's why my sister picks up my bro . He took his GED today 
Time 4 bed have 2 work in morning . God b with u all . 
Awwww .... I cant sleep . I cant clear my mind . I cant get her out of head . 
Morning ppl . Up a little early 4 work . Oh well , get jump on the day . 
Ok I have come to realize it is to early to leave 4 work . So wake & bake time . :-p 
At work an hour early angin 
Just got off work . I was gona get my hair cut . Instead im gona get drunk 
All my life I have said fuck it . Its been a motto . I have found something that I cant say that to . And by all rights I should have , but I would do anything to make it work . 
Well ppl , all I got to say is fuck it . Ok , and im drunk . 
Well , ppl just woke up . And it looks like im up 4 the night 
Doing work 
Im feeking abundent 
Morning ppl . Its friday . I woke up this morning in the arms of the woman I love . Now , if I could just keep her here 
Have not been on in awhile . My time has been spent with the person I would give anything in the world to have back . I wish she felt the same way . 
I do not knowut to do . I kno wut I want its all I have ever wanted . I would anything to get it back . I think im jus setting my self up 4 alot more pain . 
There is a lot going on tonight just not here 
Rasin hope in 20 < PROPFEMALE > 
Now 3 hrs . Of crimal minds , I love tuesday nights line up 
Well ppl , its early as f**k but im up waiting till time to go to work 
Well time 2 get ready 4 work 
Just got off work . Yea !!! 
About to go to walmart to pick up shit 4 turkey day 
3+3 1/2 and a ramen noodle . It gona b a good nite 
Happy thanksgivin . Im gona make the best of mine . Its the first one wit out < PROPFEMALE > in 8 yrs . Atleast I have family 
Cant sleep !!! 
Happy turkey day ! 
Cooked all morning . Been at ny ex step dads last 4 hrs . Now heading home 
Hope everyone had great thanksgiving , mine was ok . I missed her alot today . But had a good time with the family . 
Morning ppl . Still missing her 
So far today is pretty boaring just laying around chillin wit my family 
I am sooooooooo fuuuuuuuuccckkking drrrruuuuuuuuuuuk .......... 
Trying to get to sleep . Worried about the one I love . Mind is raceing . Wishing I knew what to do . Wandering if thiers anything I can do . R if I even want to do anything . praying that some kinda peace will come one day soon . If only I could get her out my head & heart . Theres no escape in sleep . 4 she is all my dreams . Plz peace come to me . 
Its a sad day 4 comdey . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died today . I loved his movies . 
Im lost , im alone , im hurt , im scared , and im fucked up in the head . I want wut I should not . I want wut does not want me . My thoughts consume me . My feelings rule me . My emotions controle me . 
Laying here with hope in my heart & confusion in my head . Scared becuz I have no walls to protect me . Sure walls would ease the pain if it comes , they would also stop the love from getting in , the love I so dispertly < PROPFEMALE > . A risk im so drawn to take . 
Tonite I did the hardest thing I ever done in my life . Im letting go . Sad does not begin to say how im feeling . Just remeber I love u , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Good nite 
Rasining hope is so funny . 
Whats really going on , here ? 
When everything that u know to b rite with life turn out was wrong , wut do u do ? 
Well , the day is comeing to an end . Along with it goes a little more of who I use to b . Im kinda interested to find out wut will b come of me . Tomorrow wont bring much change but change I will . 
Will power , thats wut I need rite now . Im gona stick to my convictions this time . 
Death , its something that gona happen on matter wut . Still we it sadden us greatly . It shakes the foundation of familys and causes all of us to reflect on r lives . He only peace we have is a faith that there is a better place after this . Lets just hope were rite 
4&4 and a ckn pot pie 
3&4 & and hot chili 
Headed home from corsicana 
Marry x-mas < PROPFEMALE > . Im happy im spending it with the one I love . And my family 
Fuck christmas ! 
My year is better then I could have hoped 4 . I have some how got back the love of my life . Lucky me ! And now im gona end this day with a 5&5 and . A ckn pot pie . Be 4 anyone can ruin it 4 me 
This is the last day of the year . As bad as this last part of year was I finshed school got a job ( not4 wut 2 school 4 ) and the love of my life is back . Today is the last day to say fuck it . tomorrow I m have to get my life back on track . 
Well ppl , this is my last nite of not giving a fuck . Im staying home with < PROPFEMALE > so we dont get in any trouble . It would seem ive already started 
Sit here in my mind wondering , I sit here in my mind knowing , and it a battle in my mind all the time . 
Working a double again to day :( 
Well I made an ass of myself tonite . Nothing new . It was leilas fault , atleast my mouth did not say nothing I could not take back . 
Last night me and < PROPFEMALE > was watchin the news and this dumb ass reporter drove 2 hrs . Out of < PROPMALE > to prove to us it snowed . All she did was tell us something we already knew . it did not snow n < PROPMALE > . To make it worse she brought some back with her . It was melted so they showed us a cup of water to prove it snowed . 
I just want to say good bye 2 fb world its been a rough 35 yrs but to nite it comes to and end 
3&4&1/2 and d&d 
Just signed the lease on my apt . 
fb fam This is my finle farewell Im saying good by 2 fb No 1 should b n each others biz this much . I dcided 2 act on it @ 1st I thought about an antie fb campain then I realized d best place 2 lanch it was fb jus further proof fb is stupid I have dcided not 2 pretisipate n it anymore theres ppl out there this d only way they have 2 contact me I will not delete my profile jus message me & it will b sent 2 my phone 
Its sunday morning and nothing to do in corsicana . Not that I would haave anything to do In < PROPMALE > . Still , im craveing me some d&d's . And find myself on facebook . FUCK IT ! 
Put the car in the shop this morning lets hope it dont cost 2 much 2 fix . No matter wut it cost atleast a ride breacking down will not b a concern 4 us in the near future . :D dam responcabilitys , hate u ! 
The part we need 4 the car cost $275 . Looks like we gona wait on that one atleast we getting the front end alinded . 
Almond joy pieses are the shit . 
H-town here I come . 
So today Is compliment a girl on her boobs day , so those r some great tit's the best i've seen in fact . Yea , im talking about u . U kno how u r . :D 
Some ppl need killer weed . Some ppl need cocain . Some ppl need that catch juice to purify their brain . Some ppl need a little . Some ppl need a lot . LORD KNOWS I NEED IT ALL !!!!!!! 
Wut up ? Facebook ! In the matter of and hour I went from no couches to haveing 2 couches , 1 love seat , 1 recliner , 1 coffee table , 2 end tables . So now that I inventoryed my apt . 2 fb world , im never leave home again . FUCK IT ! 
Im glad farts arent cold . 
Wow , tig is packed ppl chillin in the hall . Im outa here . 
When I need relief I spell it , I spell it T.H.C. Anyone thats been there know precisley wut I mean . I sit back and smoke away huge chunks of memory , slowy inflicting on myself a full lobotomy . 
Steak & B.J. Day !!! :D 
Smile , if u give head ! 
Im a wasted rock ranger . I live the life of danger on the road 2 find a higher high . I dont need no ones affiction , I just need my injection . I have beanines wit my breakfest toast , qualude's wit the evening roast . Sorted snorts of powder n between . I dont think a days gone by when I wasnt drunk or high . 1000 empty bottles n my name . When we reach # 1 well over dose 4 fun ! 
Little miss muffit sat on her tuffit eating her curds & weigh . Along came a spider sat down beside her and said \hey bitch wuts in the bowl ! \"." 
Give me a home were the bufflo rome , and the deer and the anitlope play . Bet ur ass I would blow them all away !!! 
It's all just a figmentaion of my over active imagination . Or is it ur's ? No .., it must b mine , it's my status , rite ? Oh well , fuck it !!! 
HOW TO CATCH A POLAR BEAR : All u do is cut a hole in the ice , line it with peas . When the polar bear comes up to take a pea .. u run up behind it and kick it in the icehole ! :) 
Wack the heads off little girls , put them on my wall . I want ur skull . I need ur skull ! 
In the clearing stans a boxer an a fighter by his name , he carries the reminders of every glove that knocked him down or cut him till he cryed out in his anger and his shame . I am leaveing , I am leaveing but the fighter still remains . 
Pop-tarts , popcorn & pickles 4 breakfest , yummy !! 
Can ur mind come out to play ? 
