hanging out on last ( overnight ) pass before graduation thursday ! FREEDOM !!!!!! 

tired and going to bed ... maybe i'll eat first ... hmmm 
just relaxing 
deciding where i can capture the most new recruits bwahaha .... this hometown recruiting is boring 
is heading out to the Y 
being bored 
wondering what I should eat 
excited for tuesday 
Can't find my Zune !!! =O 
Found my Zune !!!!!!!...... it was in the couch lol 
tired 
just thinkin 
thirsty 
sleep 
preparing to leave tomorrow 
wish things could be different 
i really need to change my picture ... 
changed it !!! 
chillaxin ... gonna watch a haunting in connecticut tonight !! won't be able to sleep lol 
got internet for my room finally !! 
nothing much ... just seeing some places to go in Korea once I can go off post 
went to the ER for cutting my head on concertina wire !! don't freak out it wasn't serious but it's the most exciting thing that's happened so far lol 
just got done with a company run ... it was awesome !! 
bought a monster at the class six ... he's so cute 
just found out about the red jumpsuit apparatus album .... it sucks =/ 
just watched fireproof ... amazing movie !!! 
* sigh * 
skype is amazing !!! 
new photos of ME ! ^^ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > with a bb gun ? 
It's man devouring man my dear and who are we to deny it in here 
and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin ' 
I thought I had only wakened ... satisfied enough to dream you 
if only if only ... 
according to imdb the most popular movie of all time is the shawshank redemption .... followed with a close second from the godfather 
tired of being lonely :/ 
zune software update !! finally movies on the zune marketplace !! they'll catch up to iPod yet with the new HD out as well .... 
if you have skype add me !! i need more friends !!... wow .... way to sound like a loser < PROPFIRST > lol ..... < PROPFIRST > . allen . bonham 
it's been decided in the war between zune and ipod !! we should all just start using CD players again !!! 
aren't you such a catch , what a prize , got a body like a battleaxe 
have a new trick coming soon .... not for the faint of heart !! bwahahaha 
wow ... i have a good 21 people on facebook chat out of whom there are only a few i could strike up a conversation with and it not seem weird and random .... that's pretty sad 
wow ... all the new features on the zune software keep surprising me .... lots of cool stuff 
The Dark Knight was the second highest grossing movie of all time in the US ... it lost to Titanic 
I did it .... I got a new computer .... It was painful to see the money go ... but it'll be back in a month if i'm careful in my spending ... couldn't put up with the old one any longer 
Finally !! Got my computer back !! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes 
doing taxes gives me a headache 
FWD : ATTENTION ALL : IF YOU GET A REQUEST FROM ME OR ANY FRIEND TO CHECKOUT ' YOUTUBE ' AND IT LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK , DO NOT OPEN IT . IT IS A TROJAN WORM AND WILL INFECT AND SHUTDOWN YOUR COMPUTER AND TAKE ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFO . IT IS TRAVELING AROUND FACEBOOK RAPIDLY . YOUR FRIENDS DID NOT SEND IT ! THIS IS REAL . PLEASE COPY AND PASTE 
For God has said \I will never leave you ; I will never abandon you\ " -Hebrews 13:5 " 
Finally got my orders !! 
His unchanging plan has always been to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through Jesus Christ -Ephesians 1:5 
We understand what love is when we realize that Christ gave his life for us . That means we must give our lives for other believers . -1 < PROPFIRST > 3:16 
I have a new email account . So if everyone could send me their info it's bonhamdvd@aol.com . Thanks 
Toy Story 3 was actually pretty good 
taking a break from packing up my stuff .... almost done with all of it then just four days tomorrow 
everything's packed up ... just the weekend left and then i'm outta here on monday 
leaving post in an hour and a half ... only one night left in korea then i fly out tomorrow morning ... i'll talk to everyone when i get home 
In Japan for a short amount of time . Under 24 hours till I'm in Ohio . 
home 
You're never too old for spongebob 
Anyone up for dinner ? 
Thanks everyone for all of the fun I had home for the short time I was here . Hopefully I'll be seeing all of you again soon . 
Well I made it to Fort < PROPMALE > . I start in-processing tomorrow . Wish me luck . 
Off early and a three day weekend ! Woohoo ! I feel like doing something crazy 
If you haven't seen Inception yet go see it ! It's awesome ! 
Stuck in a building doing briefings all day and the air conditioner is shot .... awesome 
For everyone that keeps putting that dumb status about wishing planes were shooting < PROPFEMALE > s I DID see a shooting < PROPFEMALE > :P and I made a wish ^^ 
going to the sorrel weed house tonight ... funny name lol 
tired .... 
if you have a motion sensored air freshener don't forget it's motion sensored when you walk by it .... cause it might go off and scare you .... just sayin ..... 
My aunt : Stay cool ( she was talking about the heat ) . Love you . \ 
Me : I always do ;) lol\ 
My aunt : Lol is right\ 
touché aunt patty .... touché 
Actually watching football for once 
I know the world's a broken bone but melt your headaches , call it home 
A fortune cookie with no fortune ! I was gipped ! 
So when I was in high school I used to watch high school musical like everyday . I thought it was awesome . 
Nothing tells ones nature better than the joke that makes them angry 
so i just realized that my new zipcode has all the same < PROPFIRST > as my last one ... they're just jumbled up 43113 to 31314 ... hmmmm 
it's pretty bad when you see someone \correct\ " the words \ " should have\ " to \ " should of\ " lol " 
so does anyone else have to keep logging into facebook every time they come to it , even if it's been set to remember login information , or is it just me ? 
wish me luck ... i think i'm gonna be sick ... 
for the love of god make the burning stop 
people aren't food , people aren't food , your friends'll run away if they're scared of gettin ' chewed 
baby , it's cold outside 
If anybody has been trying to talk to me on facebook chat and I don't say anything I'm not ignoring you . The chat comes through on my phone and I don't see it 
Also thanks to everyone for making my leave awesome :) . < PROPFEMALE > christmas again everyone ! 
Forever can never be long enough for me to feel like I've had long enough with you 
My weather app says it's partly sunny ... it's almost one in the morning ... 
Guess what !! 
So I'm actually going to watch the Super Bowl this weekend . Only because I don't want to miss the beginning of Glee 
Is the history channel always in spanish this time of morning ? lol 
I finally get to sleep in and the fire alarm goes off >.< 
I am sesquipedalian and a logophile 
If you're going to hide behind your computer with your comments at least have the backbone to leave them posted so everyone can see it 
Tu besarte es como ver las estrellas . 
Woke up this morning to someone knocking on my door to let me know I have staff duty . Awesome 
Get to spend all day ( and night ) at the range . Wooo gotta love the army 
Last day at the range hopefully 
this is the best weekend ever :) 
So I had an awesome weekend !! I hope everyone else did too . Comment on the new pics !! Except the close up of me I look like a dork lol 
I'm so bored I wanna rip my eyes out 
Watching man vs food while you're hungry is a terrible idea 
TGIW 
Finally starting school on Monday and got a savings plan set up to start on April 1st . I feel ... responsible ... it's weird lol 
Idk what to make of this place . They're playing a christian music station and they have pulp fiction and scarface posters everywhere lol 
Prejudice is a great time saver . You can form opinions without having to get the facts . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Johnston :) 
